2	I know, I know.  Everyone in Pittsburgh is all into Pamela's breakfast.  But I just don't get it.  I don't like my pancakes crepe thin and extra greasy.  And I really don't like the crispy, crunchy edges.  That's pretty nasty to me.  And the lyonnaise potatoes, while good, are just potatoes.  My friend had an omelet that looked pretty good.  And I'll admit, I stole half a slice of his toast.  I'll probably go back, because it's a good location and the service and decor were both good.  But I'm not going to lose any sleep waiting to go back or craving this stuff.....
4	Sure, the food is greasy, and it is a diner, pretty much, but I think that as long as you know that going in, this place will not disappoint!  I am a huge fan of the Lyonnaise potatoes, and usually get an omelette.  I know a lot of folks are very excited by the chorizo and eggs.   As well as the corned beef hash which I believe is homemade.  Another nice touch is the extra pitcher of coffee that the server leaves at your table when you order a mug.  The decor here is especially cute, I think - great retro pink and blue colors, and old black-and-white pictures all over the place.  It's a great place to take family and friends.Not to mention - you're in the Strip!  So you can walk it off while doing your shopping afterwards!
3	I liked the run down diner atmosphere.  The food came really fast and was delicious.  I got the crepe pancakes (tasty with crispy edges) with chocolate chips and bananas.  Elvis would have loved it.  The whipped cream was unnecessary, but ok.  There was no "mid meal" service though, no one to check on the lonely girl in the corner.  But the food was good and the price was right.
4	Pamela's was awsome I went there just about a year ago exact and I had flapjacks and chorizo   and the food came as soon as we ordered it meaning very fast can't go wrong with it even with an out of towner like myself!
4	I was visiting a friend in Pittsburgh and we decided to go to Pamela's on a Saturday morning for breakfast with her two year-old in tow.  I liked the overall atmosphere of the place--lots of people, good food, bright indoor space, and nicely air-conditioned.The food was very good, but very rich. The strawberry crepe/pancakes were delicious- if you don't mind lots of butter/oil (you can tell they've been fried in a lot of oil because they are crispy and very tasty). We ordered the crepes, the french toast and the scrambled eggs with scallion & cream cheese.  They Lyonnaise potatoes were excellent (and again, probably not so good for you).  Big portions and very reasonable prices makes for a busy diner.  A few things that could be improved: 1) their OJ is out of a machine-- doesn't taste sweet/fresh..reminds me of Donald Duck OJ.  2) We asked if we could order food for my friend's 2-year-old first as he needed to eat-- our waitress acted  a bit annoyed and confused (not a very difficult concept)..and of course, that specific order came out 10 minutes AFTER what we ordered! (I'm assuming there was confusion in the kitchen-- they were apologetic and nice about getting us the order quickly after realizing the error). Overall, the waitstaff was very friendly, and we were seated very quickly (even though the place was crowded).. And-- we didn't realize it was cash only, and neither of us had cash on us, so they were nice enough to let us hold our tab until we came back to pay for it.
5	To all the haters: Obama ate here while on the campaign trail (Strip District location), and liked the pancakes so much, he asked Pamela to come down to the White House and make hundreds of them for the Memorial Day breakfast!http://www.post-gazette.com/pg/09145/972563-46.stm
4	Yes, the famous place.  This is where Obama had pancakes during the primary season, and liked it so much that he invited Pamela to the White House to make some more.  And the place is regularly featured on the Food Network.  But being only a couple of blocks away from the original Primanti's, could this place be that good?  Well, I had a fantastic breakfast here.  I had their famous chocolate chip hot cake with bananas and whipped cream.  The pancake is very thin, almost like a crepe, but its texture is crispy which is very surprising and nice.  Also the richness of the butter in the batter really comes through.  The sweetness of the chocolate chips, the whipped cream, and the bananas interplays nicely making for a great dish, and the portion is very generous.  I additionally opted for a side of their Lyonnaise potatoes.  Rustically presented, however, these were delicious too and deserve as much attention.  Some general notes on the restaurant.  The wait in line to get in early on a Sunday morning was about 20 minutes.  The diner itself is a bit rundown and has a very 50s feel to it.  I think it contrasts very nicely with the quality of the food.  It's not hype, go check it out.
3	I had breakfast here a couple weeks ago on a sunday around 1030 am.  The weather was nice and the line wasn't that long I thought.  I think we waited about 20 minutes.  This was my first visit to this location and I can say that this location is probably my favorite.  I like the art deco feel and all the old pictures on the wall and I find this location especially "bright".  Here's what I really like about Pamelas.  I like the fact that you get your own pot of coffee on your table.  I like that the staff always seems friendly.  I think there pancakes are my favorite in the city.  I'm old school, so I don't throw on any whipped cream or other accompaniments (sp?).  I like just butter and tons of syrup.  I am not a fan of really fluffy or really thin (crepe) pancakes. I'd describe these as "crepe like" finding the perfect balance for me.  I also like the crispy edges on the pancakes.  I like that the orange juice is served in an adult size glass.  Now, they should improve on the following right away.  The bacon is crap... I mean worse than the stuff you get on your bacon egg n cheese biscuit at mickey d's.  They don't do poached eggs (my favorite).  They don't have skim milk (I know it's like ordering diet coke with a whopper, but I gotta save calories somewhere)    I ordered the "morning after", which is two pancakes (delish), bacon (next time I'll get ham or sausage) and two eggs (no poacching as previously mentioend) and a side of corned beef hash.  I was very pleased with this.  It almsot tasted dare I say healthy.  It wasn't smashed up corned beefish type out of a can.  It was good quality corned beef diced with perfectly crisped not soggy hash browns.  Annie got a cheese omelet that was huuuuge (a la paris hilton's new saying).  She said it was great and certainly looked very good, however I simply couldn't bring myself to try it.  Don't forget they only take CASH.
5	I know what I want my grave to be made out of.  Pamela's Strawberry Hotcakes.  It is to die for.  "Crepe hotcakes stuffed with fresh strawberries, brown sugar, sour cream and topped with whipped cream."  The first bite of that brown sugar + crispy crepe sent sensations into my mouth unbeknown from breakfast foods.  I have had plenty of early morning grub but most of my experiences were average.  It is not hard to scramble a few eggs, fry some bacon, and mash some hashbrowns.   Pamela's Diner is now at the top of my list for breakfast.  Along with the Obama-approved hot cake, I had eggs, sausage and toast.  My friend's waffle, omelet, and potatoes were good as well.  This Pamela's location is cash only and parking can be hard to find in this district.  The atmosphere is lively and fun.  The waitress to customer ratio is high.  The wait can be long during peak hours.
5	This place is definitely worth a visit and I'm so glad it came recommended during my first-ever trip to Pittsburgh.  The pancakes (or "hotcakes") are wonderful. I had the chocolate (read: Nutella) banana hotcakes and they were excellent! I highly recommend them!The service was nice and fast. The atmosphere is like a diner. The tables are close together, but somehow there still seems to be enough privacy.I wish they served fresh-squeezed orange juice, but the hotcakes more than made up for its absense.
5	Pamela's was a definite highlight of my visit to Pittsburgh.  The hotcakes are as delicious as everyone, including Obama, claims. I opted for the banana-walnut variety, and I loved each and every thin, buttery, crispy-crunchy bite. The Lyonnaise potatoes were equally delicious. The pot of coffee on the table was another source of joy. And the whole carb-tastic meal proved to truly be a breakfast of champions, as I was full for the rest of the day.We visited on a weekday, so there was no wait, which was nice. I understand that the waits get long on the weekends, but I assure you that it's definitely worth the wait. Just be sure to bring cash so you don't have to scramble over to the ATM while you're waiting -- no credit cards or checks accepted.
4	A friend of mine once described good coffee as being "like sex in the mouth"; if good coffee is sex in the mouth, then Pamela's is nothing less than the breakfast-climax. Their business card claims that Pamela's is the best breakfast in Pittsburgh; I might dispute that, preferring: Best Breakfast in Pennsylvania or Best Breakfast on the East Coast or Best Breakfast in North America or...well, you get the point. Everything about Pamela's fits neatly into the Utopian breakfast experience: the perfectly rolled Banana and Chocolate Chip Hotcakes, plenty of good, hot coffee, the Lyonaise Potatoes (homefries), the well-lit pink and blue artificial-fifties interior decorated neatly with retro-ish photographs and the pleasant service that rivals that of any diner I've ever been to. So, if you've yet to venture on down to the Strip for an epic breakfast at the newest Pamela's location, I plead with you to make your way down there... as fast as humanly possible.
2	An okay breakfast diner, but nothing to be excited about.  The decor, however, is annoying and not at all conducive to relaxing and enjoying the meal.  Much too much fake nostalgia.
5	simple yet delicious! Relatively inexpensive and the hotcakes are scrumptious! Thanks Pamela
5	Was here for the G20 last week.Maybe it's just a reflection on Pittsburgh (and other nonDC cities) that the service here was really good, and the people were extremely nice! Our waiter definitely answered more than his fair share of questions (what comes on the waffles? caramel you say!). No problem getting water and coffee refills (we needed both for sure). And of course they'll call a cab for you while you settle the bill because it's raining. :)The eggs and bacon in my "The Morning After" special were your standard diner fare...but the HOTCAKES. OMG they were so good. I swear they are cooked in bacon grease or something, and the perimeter of them is edged in crispy goodness 2 inches in. And I only got the plain ones (come with butter, and you can add syrup). Other tablemates got strawberries (sugar added) and banana (sugar not added, so less sweet). Decor is 1950s nostalgic B&W photographs posted everywhere. Classic diner tables and chairs. Great way to end a trip to Pittsburgh. Doesn't hurt that FLOTUS, POTUS, and the Japanese prime minister ate here either.
3	Good, but nothing to write home about.  The huge wait baffles me.  I'd get it if the food was really good or if the service was better, but this place is just mediocre.  (...And it's better than the other location I've been to, in Squirrel Hill.)The hash browns are excellent, but everything else was just okay.  My chorizo was overcooked into hockey pucks, and my eggs were a little tasteless and came out medium after I ordered them dry.  (I also had to wait five minutes after my friends got their food for my plate to come out.)  The crepes were okay - a little overdone and chewy, and my friends said their omelettes weren't very good.Our waitress was nice, but never really checked in on us after our food was served, thus my five minute wait for my food.Pamela's is another PGH institution that doesn't take credit cards, too.  Did anyone wake this city up after New Year's Eve 1993?  I think they might still be sleeping one off, because it's really hard to find restaurants in the other cities I've lived in that don't take credit cards.  (...And the pessimist in me still thinks all these little places are tax cheats and don't want the easy audit trails that come with credit cards.)The hash browns are definitely winners, but everything else is about 2 stars.
4	I got the suggestion to have brunch at this diner from the guy at the front desk at the Renaissance hotel. Apparently he thought telling me that the President loves the pancakes there would be a selling point, and well... sure, I'll bite.Walking up to the place, there was a huge crowd outside as well as inside. A packed diner is always a good sign, so we walked in and put our name on the list. They have a pretty good system going, where they have you sign in at the front counter, and a host has another list with him; once his list is finished he'll pick up the list on the counter, then they start a new list. It seemed pretty efficient in turning the tables over. We were told the wait would be about 25 minutes, but it flew by since we were able to people-watch and check out the yummy foods being served.The menu is pretty standard for a diner - though I chose the chorizo and eggs, which was delicious. *Chorizo = a must-order.* They advertised their potatoes as "lyonnaise" which I have not a clue what it means, but they were really good too. I pretty much licked my plate clean when I was done. Ok maybe I didn't, but my plate was completely finished and I was a satisfied pig. There was several times when my friend and I laid back on our chairs and just moaned, in like the really full, content kind of way. If it wasn't for the 15 min walk back to the hotel I would have taken a nap right on the sidewalk. If you love diners, and happen to be in Pittsburgh, check this place out.
4	As a visitor to Pittsburgh (and the middle portion of the country in general), I must say that the service at Pamela's compared to other diners really added something to my meal. The host, waitress, and even the fellow diners were just so friendly and happy. I guess it's hard to be unhappy when surrounded by 80's pink and teal, with a huge pile of pancakes with whipped cream and chocolate in front of you. Committing carbicide never before made me feel this cheerful.Brad's rating (out of 5):Price: 5Food: 3Decor: 3Service: 5+Wild card: No waiting, even for a Saturday morning!
4	Don't let the crowd up front waiting for a seat deter you somewhere else. It's worth the wait, and it'll move quick. I promise. On a cold, chilly Sunday morning it was packed, yet our wait was less than 20 minutes. Service was prompt. I went with my diner "usual" of egg-cheese-veg omelet and toast (YUMMMM), and he had the banana chocolate chip pancakes (sweet, but not too, chocolate, but not too much, and the OMG whipped cream...can I just get some of that, please?). Both washed down with coffee (you get your own mini-pot at the table for those who chug with their breakfast), and water (which was frequently refilled, also good for the morning recovery). This isn't your typical "greasy spoon" place...instead, brighter (read lots of pink and other happy colors), kinder, and overall, a pleasant experience. And you don't leave smelling like the griddle, but be prepared, cash only.
5	I miss this place!  This used to be our Sunday Breakfast spot when we lived in Pittsburgh.Best Crepe Pancakes ever, it's as light as a crepe but not as heavy as a pancake.  The speciality cakes come in 2s, which I always forget to ask about mixing them, a Banana Chocolate and a Banana Walnut.My other fave is the Corned Beef Swiss omelette.CA needs a breakfast place like this.
4	Given the crowd at the door, It only took us 15-20 minutes to be seated thanks to the quick turnover and speedy service. Although one of my hosts recommended the thin crepe like pancakes that Pamela's is known for, I opted for a more protein based breakfast as I had been making pancakes earlier that week. I ordered the eggs and chorio which was spicy and juicy. The star of my dish had to be the breakfast potatoes with chopped onions. I could eat that with some over easy eggs and oozing yolk all day every day as long as my body could accept it.  I had a bite of the pancakes and was definitely a fan with the thin crispiness and sweet strawberry topping.Definitely a place to stop by in Pittsburgh on a weekend morning followed by a stroll or grocery trip on the Strip on a carefree weekend morning.
4	Yummy, the crepe hotcakes were delicious!  I got the "Morning After" which is two eggs, sausage and crepe hot cakes.  I was told this is a must go to in Pittsburgh and I have to agree.  I was stuffed after this.  My gf got the veggie omelet and she said it was so so.  It's all about the crepe's here really.
5	Their recipes are well guarded, the restaurant world famous, the chain ever expanding, and they even cooked for the President at The White House - clearly a visit to Pamela's was on the agenda for our trip to Pittsburgh.  Arriving on the strip around 8:00am and finding meter parking for a mere 50 cents we made our way from the car, hit the ATM (cash only at Pamela's) and entered the restaurant to find it just under 1/2 full.  Invited by a friendly young woman to seat ourselves we opted for a booth along the wall and sat for a moment absorbing the kitsch...vinyl furniture, plastic menus, stone walls, and random photographs of celebrities past and present.Opening the menus and blatantly skipping all the boring eggs, bacon, and ham our waitress appeared to fill drink orders.  With only sweet n' low and sugar available for the coffee I opted to stick with water while my mom chose coffee and my sister selected tea.  Drinks delivered, including full pitchers of each to put the diner on refill duty, we placed our orders and browsed the lively restaurant while listening to the sounds of classic tunes overhead.  Founded in 1980 Pamela's certainly appeared older than its stated age, but it worked.Waiting less than fifteen minutes our waitress checked in on us to be sure nothing else was needed and to let us know our food would be right out...after watching our neighbors receive their options I have to admit I was quite excited...and without fail the food arrived moments later, piping hot from the griddle.  With each of us selecting a different item and each plate large in portion and ample in flavor there was much sharing to be done.Beginning first with my selection, perhaps Pamela's most famous option, I opted for the Strawberry Hotcakes.  Served in Pamela's famous crepe style the hotcakes themselves were divine.  Yeasty and soft yet caramelized and crisp around the circumference the pancakes themselves were stunning.  More impressive yet, ordered in the peak of strawberry season, the cakes were absolutely stuffed with super sweet fresh strawberries, brown sugar, and a zippy sour cream then topped with whipped cream.  Adding a touch of syrup (unfortunately not pure maple) the whole plate came alive - really, the dish made a fantastic breakfast but could have just as easily been served as dessert.Following my lead and going with the signature hotcakes my mother received two enormous cakes absolutely crammed with hot bananas, bittersweet chocolate chips, and packed with whipped cream.  Nicely caramelized and crispy along the edges I sensed more of the yeasty and buttery nature of the batter in her batch and also perhaps the scent of nutmeg - I think it was in the batter, but perhaps it was the bananas - either way, it was excellent.Figuring she would get plenty of opportunity to taste the pancakes my sister opted to try Pamela's French Toast - specifically the Croissant French Toast featuring two split house made croissants soaked in cinnamon-vanilla egg batter and topped with caramel sauce and nuts.  In order to understand how sweet this was you'd have to know my sister - the lady puts syrup on nearly anything that can be consumed for breakfast...and after her first bite she stated "wow, this doesn't even need syrup!"  With Buttery croissants nicely pan crisped, crunchy oven roasted almonds and walnuts, and decadent caramel syrup the best way to describe the dish would be a deconstructed cinnamon roll, but better.Settling the modest bill and leaving an ample tip we left Pamela's very content and with blood sugar certainly well above fasting levels - the total duration of our meal was only 45 minutes but it actually felt much longer and not at all rushed.  Pleasant service, a nice setting, and a wonderful (albeit limited) menu I only wish Pamela's would offer some alternative sweeteners and a better brand of syrup...with those minor tweaks a great breakfast could have easily been in consideration for one of the best ever.
4	Went to breakfast here on a Sunday morning.. Took about 15 minutes to get seated which wasn't bad at all because there was a long line! Got the Chocolate Chip Banana Hotcakes (they were awesome if you like chocolate and bananas which i do) and a Spinach Feta omelet with the home fries (soooo good). Our waitress was attentive and kept checking on us even though the place was full. Cash only keep in mind. And another problem is the lack of space between you and the table next to you. (barely enough room for the server to get by)
4	My third Pamela's I've sampled and seemingly the largest one I've encountered. As opposed to Oakland's and Walnut Street's, this one has a 50s retro vibe going for it, which I appreciate. This is also the one Obama visited and there's a photograph of him on the wall by the register.At about 11 AM on a recent Sunday morning the wait wasn't too crazy, about 20 minutes. Our waitress seemed a little harried due to the throng of hungry breakfast-goers but managed to be pleasant. I wouldn't arrive much later than we did though, it got even busier as the morning went on.I had raved about the hotcakes to my fellow visitors but everyone else enjoyed their omelets and toast. At least one of us joked about clogged arteries, but we weren't expecting anything otherwise (or less delicious). Added bonuses about this particular Pamela's are that you can peruse the Strip District before and/or after you eat, or grab coffee at 21st Street Coffee since the kind they serve at Pamela's is meh at best.
5	We were in Pittsburgh for four days and ate breakfast here twice. That's how good it was. We went on our little trip without many plans and found a book in the hotel with restaurant recommendations. God bless it.The first time I had the plain ole crepe hotcakes. Incredible. The edges are crispy and they're so thin you THINK you can eat the whole plate but about halfway through my stomach gave up on me. Worth every bite.On our second trip, I got the banana chocolate chip hotcakes. Perfection again. I wish Pamela's would open up shop in Philly! They'd do a fantastic business, everyone loves a breakfast place with retro decor and quick service.Fun, colorful, friendly. I would return again and again if I could. This Yinzer-wannabe is already counting down the seconds until she can return to the sweet and fluffy goodness.
4	Definitely a must.  We take all of our visitors here and they LOVE it.  Their specialty hotcakes are amazing.
5	This is the best breakfast out I've had in a long while ... and breakfast is a great meal for eating out.  Jess and I ordered two things and swapped.  The crepe style pancakes stuffed with blueberries were just delectable (they are served with whipped cream that we asked to be left off ).  The Mexican style omelet (is anything better than Mexican?  I don't think so!) with chorizo is one of the best things I've had.  Yummmmmmeeeee!  And, Pamela's is in the Strip, a wonderful collection of ethnic markets, bakeries, and other stores in the shadows of Pittsburgh's central business district.  This is a do not miss if you are passing through Pittsburgh or if you live there.BTW, Pittsburgh has kind of a bad rep ... I really liked it.  Good museums, pretty campi to walk around (Pitt, CMU) if you like visiting colleges (which I do), a fairly vibrant Downtown, charming Squirrel Hill, lots of restaurants to choose from, etc.  About an hour away to the south is the Laurel Highlands that features two Frank Lloyd Wright houses, Falling Water and Kentuck-Knob; rafting on the Ohio Pyle/Youghigeny Rivers, biking on the rivers' side trails, and beautiful scenery.  Definitely worth a day or two in Western PA.
4	Generous portions, good food, reasonable prices.
4	This seems like a Pittsburgh institution. We were visitng from San Francisco and the concierge at our hotel recommended it. We all enjoyed our breakfasts and we will come again whenever we are back in this city.
5	Clear your schedule and pull up a chair at Pamelas. Everything will make you feel like you're moving in slow motion for the rest of the day, but the breakfast is unbeatable. The potatoes could launch a thousand ships--I love mixing them all up with two overeasy eggs and plenty of ketchup and dipping in a thick buttered slice of Italian toast from the bakery just down the road. Meanwhile, I steal pinches off of my wife's strawberry hotcakes (crepes style)--the crispy deep fried edges are a party for your mouth. You'll have a short wait if you come on the weekend--but service is snappy and plates land on your table in 10 minutes flat. You'll get similar fare at each location, but I've experienced some mess-ups at the Mt Lebo location (which truly feels like an outpost--austere boxy room crammed with tables). Lipstick on the water glass (no biggie--it happens) and plastic wrap in my omelette (unpleasant in the mouth). Both these incidents occurred on the same visit, so I will chalk it up to an off day for a newer restaurant. Anyway, they gave us a fee meal on our next visit, but I'd stick to the Strip if you have a choice.
5	You cannot come to/live in Pittsburgh and not eat here.  Yes, the wait may be long but it's SO worth it.  Hotcakes--that's where it's at.  I'm pretty sure half of Pittsburgh dreams about about them.  I mean, come on, even the President does. I always get the strawberry hotcakes and I've NEVER had a complaint.  Don't expect to get a seat immediately during the weekend but it's completely worth any wait.
5	love the pop art. love the chorizo. love it all!
5	Hands down this place was awesome.  The crape hotcakes are terrific - with fruit or without.  Even their syrup was good.  The potatoes were so tasty.  Because of my salt tooth I finished the potatoes over the hotcakes.  This place makes me sad that I don't live in Pittsburgh.  Our server was excellent and helpful.  I was ordering when turned out to be one of their specials, but slightly adjusted.  She saved me some money.  Not that it's expensive in the first place.I'll be going back the next time I visit this city.
4	How good can breakfast potatoes be? You have no idea. Of the two days we spent in Pittsburgh, we ate here twice. Also loved the pancakes, better than the French toast. Worth the wait.
5	When is a pancake not a pancake, and better than a pancake?....When it's Pamela's crepe pancakes!Those things are sooo good. I heard that Pres. Obama had the ladies come to the White House just to make them. So they must be good.The homefries are superb too. Although, I like mine a little crispy, but Pamela's aren't crispy.Everytime I'm in Pittsburgh, I try to swing by a Pamela's. Always good.
4	Great Breakfast. Worth the wait. The pancakes/shortcakes/crepes are to die for.
5	let me start off by saying i am not a big fan of pancakes..ANY pancakes. now i am sure these are exceptional, but yeah - just not a fan.because of my above feelings, i confirm that pancakes aside, everything else on the menu here is amazing.i have gotten omelettes, the chorizo special, and lunch sandwiches - all excellent. in fact, the biggest problem with this place is it's so hard to decide what you want...the service is also friendly and attentive, making the 20-35 min weekend wait well worth it.
5	Awesome Pancakes!!!! Fantastic breakfast potatoes!  Definitely going back when I am in town.
5	Your classic "serving breakfast all-day" diner doesn't get much better than Pamela's. I think I have been to three different locations and the terrific-ness is consistant across the board. I highly recommend the broccoli cheese omelette or the starwberry pancakes. If you get the french toast, or anything that could potentially be sugary...beware because they will drench it with a sugary topping or syrup. If I had known I would have asked for my topping on the side. Make sure to order coffee, ice water and some other drink to go with whatever you order and you will have the works!Oh, and I think all of the locations are cash only.
5	I mean, it's sort of beating a dead horse at this point to talk about how amazing Pamela's is, but I cannot help myself. Breakfast has long been my favorite meal of the day--I can't live without it and I'm cranky when I don't eat something more substantial than cereal or a muffin. That being said, I demand a lot from my breakfast restaurants, and I'd be willing to say that Pamela's is my current favorite for BEST BREAKFAST EVER! Strong statement, but a very strong contender. I went here with a group of 3 at 9:30am on a weekday, so it was easy to get seated and the staff was efficient. We immediately asked our waiter for recommendations so that we could all share the best stuff on the menu, and he was dead-on with all of the items. We got:Strawberry Crepe Hotcakes--hands down the best pancakes I've ever had.Tex Mex Omelet with Chorizo--delicious!Egg White with a side of Ham and Lyonnaise potatoes--perfectly cooked eggs, amazing homemade ham, and the Lyonnaise potatoes were exactly what breakfast potatoes should be: well-seasoned, a balance of moist and crunchy, and not just an afterthought.I wish that Pittsburgh was not so far away so I could enjoy Pamela's more often, but rest assured I'll be stopping by any time I'm back!
5	Awesome!Went to Pamela's for breakfast/brunch and it was freaking fantastic. Tons of food at a good price. FAST service! The only thing that took some time was getting a table. We had a decent sized group though and it was noon on Sunday so I don't know how indicative my experience was. But even the wait wasn't too long really. 20 minutes maybe.I opted for the Tex-Mex omelet. it was very big and tasted great. It came with toast and lyonnase potatoes that I could eat all day. They were so damn good. Nobody at the table was disappointed with what they got. I had a couple bites of the pancakes and they were much approved. I was a little sad I was so full from my food that I couldn't have more of those.They also serve lunch items (but not on Sundays) which I'm sure are good as well but why bother? Breakfast is where it is at.Eating at Pamela's is a MUST. Damnit, now I'm hungry for more potatoes...
5	Two words: Potatoes Lyonnaise.  These were to die for, as were the crepe pancakes and chorizo sausage my husband and I shared.  One of my favorite breakfasts in a long time.  Place was packed but the tables flip pretty quickly.  Parking can be a bear, but it is totally worth it to get to this little quirky place for the rockin' food.
5	This place was freaking amazing! We were told by our hotel that we needed to eat breakfast here and I am glad they did. On our last day in Pittsburgh we headed for a late breakfast.I had a bacon cheese omelette with lyonnaise potatoes. I now crave those potatoes on a weekly basis. They take cash only so keep that in mind when you head over. I'm sure this place can get quite crowded, but we were lucky on a Sunday at noon and got a table right away.
4	The service and food is great! I had to try to pancakes that President Obama just loves. They were really good. I had to share them with someone because I also has potatoes, turkey sausage, and a veggie omelet. The only downside is they do not take credit cards. This will be our breakfast spot whenever we come to town from now own.
3	Pamela's is a bit of a cliche in Pittsburgh. Often falling in with Primanti's as a "go to" spot for tourists that think they're getting a feel for the city. Brushing that grudge aside, Pamela's doesn't mess around.As any diner should, Pamela's has their shit together. They handle a veritable flood of people like it's nothing. Not only is the service always attentive, the food is delicious. It's diner food, mind you, and not the most complex but everything they make is superb. Their pancakes make me want to eat pancakes and I never eat pancakes.Furthermore, their is no recipe posted online for their special pancakes. Thin and crispy on the edges, there's just something about them that makes you devour way too many only to regret it later. The recipe is so special that only Pamela's namesake knows it. Shucks.
4	I am SO into their pancakes! I'm usually not into crepe style pancakes. I enjoy them light and fluffy, not crispy at all. Don't give me crappy pancakes people, I will complain! But this pancake...it is beyond any other pancake I've ever had. It beats out a fluffy one any day! I think the reason is because I don't choose the regular old pancakes. I order the chocolate chip banana pancakes. Totally healthy, I know! It's two deliciously crispy crepe pancakes folded like a taco stuffed with chocolate chips, banana's and....AND whip cream! Best pancake taco I've EVER had! It's really tough for me to stray from anything but those when I come here because usually when I walk into the door my mouth starts walking for the pan-cakey goodness. I have tried the omelets before and they are also great options, loaded with whatever ingredients you choose. If you're going on a weekend keep in mind you WILL have a very long wait! All the Pamela locations are tiny, and demand is high for the Saturday morning after the party hangover cure crowd or after the clapping hands at the house of G.O.D. Sunday crowd. So listen to everything I just said and get yo' self a pancake!
2	I'm usually not one to write an awful review but this was definitely not all that the reviews were cracking it up to be. I was visiting Pittsburgh to see my father who just moved there and had to convince him to go because the reviews seemed to be phenomenal and he was more interested in eating crepes.When we arrived at the shadyside location, the waiting area was packed. To my surprise, we had a table within minutes. The waiter was there to take our order as soon as we sat down and we received our food in under ten minutes. I was amazed! If you're solely interested in fast service, then this is the place for you.Otherwise, I'm still lost as to why this place is any better than any other breakfast place. The coffee was bitter and tasted like it had been sitting for awhile (mind you, it was 10am). I ordered the strawberry hotcakes which looked delicious but it was literally two thin pancakes with cold, sliced strawberries inside, a super sweet glaze and very little sour cream inside. As for the vegetarian omelet - the veggies inside were also cold and undercooked and the surrounding egg omelet was not seasoned. I could have made this myself even better. The potatoes, however, were probably my favorite part. In a nutshell: Very basic breakfast  & nothing to write home about.
5	I have been going to Pamela's for a long time now and I honestly have not found a better diner in Pittsburgh. The food here is amazing, the service is very quick, and it has a very old Pittsburgh diner feel. No frills, cash only. DEFINITELY my kind of place. And when you order coffee, you get your own little warmer for quicker refills - a VERY nice touch.This morning I ordered the veggie omelet with no tomatoes or mushrooms (they use canned mushrooms - not a big deal, but just not my preference), Italian toast, and the famous Lyonnaise potatoes. It was a perfect post-5k breakfast for sure. Although I didn't have their pancakes this morning, they are pretty incredible. You can also get some gourmet options with pancakes, my favorite being the chocolate chip banana crepes. Seriously, you cannot go wrong here with anything you order.
5	Great breakfast. They leave the coffee pot on the table for refills. The potatoes were the best breakfast potatoes I have ever had. Decent menu
3	I used to go here after work some Sunday mornings.  I hate to be that person but... the location on Washington Blvd. is better. The pancakes are still amazing but the limeade isn't quite as sweet.  Yes, I had pancakes and limeade in the same meal.  Gotta get that pre-church sugar rush!  The lyonnaise potatoes were still delicious and they always got my eggs perfectly over-medium.  It's always packed on the weekends but the line moves pretty quickly if you have a small group with all the parties present.
5	My office used to be based in the strip and we would eat out at pamelas constantly.  I'm not normally a breakfast or diner fan, but pamelas elevates typically bland fare to gourmet perfection.  I particularly recommend their onion rings with ranch dressing, their fruit pancakes and the turkey la feria salad.  Easily the best brunch in Pittsburgh and an excellent value!
5	The strawberry crepe style pancakes are something that I look forward to every visit home to Pittsburgh. They truly are worth the hype. Very delicious. I've never really had anything bad here, but I mostly stick to the strawberry pancakes. It is cash only and it gets busy, so hit the ATM beforehand and plan to wait. Don't be too intimidated by a big crowd waiting though; the tables clear pretty quickly and it won't take as long as you think to be seated.
5	I was in Pittsburgh visiting my boyfriend and this was the first place he took me.  What I absolutely loved about this place were the hotcakes and potatoes!  I also had some eggs and toast.  And it's a lot.  I really could not finish my plate.  But the hotcakes were so yummy, a little crunchy and soft where it counted.  They were thin and filling, and cooked to perfection.  The eggs were seasoned to my tasting and I couldn't stop eating it.  I'm not a big breakfast person, because it's the same food with no twist, but this totally caught me off guard because it was so different from what I'm used to.  Definitely worth coming here!
4	Not that I've had a whole lot of chocolate chip banana hotcakes in my life, but Pamela's made me wish I had. Holy chocolatey, bananaey, and hotcakey goodness! A quirky brunch place in Pittsburgh, it's filled mostly with locals. I like that. One of my friends took me here and I could see why it was his favorite brunch place in Pittsburgh. Clearly he wasn't alone in this. The service was great. The place had a great dive-type feel, not quite a restaurant, not quite a diner; it was its own entity. I like that too. It's affordable too. Really pleased with this place. I'd definitely go back.
5	Neat local spot.  They typically have a line buy it moves fast.  Quick food, friendly service but they occasionally disappear after you receive your food.  Food is great I take friends here every time they visit from out of town.  Strip district location has a much faster line than Shadyside (more seating).
4	first of all: this joint is cash only.  i'm one of the only people on the planet that thinks this is a mark of a place that will be pretty amazing (likely run by old people).  but, there you go.the omelets here are fantastic -- filling and soft without any rubbery consistency ever.  my personal fave: the western omelet; i'm a traditionalist.  i've never had the crepes, but they do look delicious.as another reviewer mentioned, they do give you a coffee carafe so you can top off your own mugs...definitely convenient for both you and your usually somewhat overextended waitress.i'm sure the 50s decor is a hit with the vintage crowd.  who knows?  i'm happy to just look at pictures of cars by the cash register.overall, this is a spot where i've always been happy with my meal and have a hard time parking my truck (it's the strip, after all).  if you're in the strip, skip deluca's and hit up this pittsburgh institution...unless you're on the lam, since there are always rad motorcycle policemen eating in the side room.
5	I'm craving their pancakes right now!  In fact, I crave them every day!!  Home cooking.  Quick and unpretentious.  Cheap.  Cash only.  My absolute favorite is the short stack, love to eat the edges of the pancakes without butter or syrup.  Omelets of good and the lyonaise potatoes are awesome!  Always crowded, all locations!
3	Approaching Pamela's and the gaggle of people surrounding, I said to my crew, "I'll wait. But I won't wait an hour."They told us 30-40 minutes when we put our name in. Guess what? We waited for over an hour. I was excited for the crepe-like pancakes. I am typically a savory breakfast eater, but reading about all these crispy buttery edges got me really excited to try something new. I got the strawberry pancakes, which were two giant pancakes filled with fresh strawberries with a smidgen of sour cream and brown sugar.Oy. Too rich. The first one went down easy, but the second was a serious struggle, and was left in pieces on the plate. Even at the inexpensive price of $6.95, I definitely recommend sharing. I wish I had asked for more sour cream to cut the sweetness. Everyone left stuffed, but I'm not sure it was worth the wait.
4	5-star food plus 3-star service = 4 starsWe came here on a Friday at 11:30am, so we got a table very easily.  We were planning to go to Deluca's but opted for this place after seeing 2 reviews here and 1 review on Deluca's page that recommended coming here.  Nobody on either review page told us the opposite (to go to Deluca's over Pamela's).We were not disappointed.  The breakfast menu is pretty basic.  I got the Tex Mex omelette.  The eggs were very fluffy, the bread was fresh and think, and the potatoes lived up to the hype.  My wife got the blueberry pancakes which were filled with fresh blueberries rather than gross blueberry compote.  The coffee was so so.The waiters seemed rushed, and our waitress never checked on us even though she had downtime to talk to her colleagues behind the counter.  Several times we tried to flag her down for a refill, but she literally didn't even look at us to see if we were okay.  I know this because we watched her walk up and down the dining room at least 5 times.  Pretty disappointed by this, but the food was great.
5	Loved this place. Best pancakes ever. Could use a little more A/C, as people sitting by window couldn't stand the heat.
4	Wicked good.  One of the best breakfasts I've had.  If the corned beef hash wasn't salty as hell (it WAS prepared scratch though) I'd give it five stars.The crispy pancakes were wicked good.
4	My wife and I ate lunch and had much fun.  The food is solid diner fare with the high price dishes in the $7 range.  Great value!  Friendly service. Food came quickly.  This is a solid no-frills diner.  Breakfast is served all day (always a good sign).Highly recommend!!
4	Located on a cute little side street with an old diner feel. Servers and wait staff were friendly and helpful with accommodating specific diet needs. The breakfast was very tasty and served quickly. Very happy with their food options.
4	The pancake I ate was insanely delicious. My eggs were cooked perfectly and my corned beef and hash was equally good. The service however was awful. Some of the worst I've ever had. We also had to wait an hour outside just to sit down.
4	Im giving this place 4 stars because of the hotcakes, real maple syrup, and awesome ambiance. The crepe hotcakes are the best hotcake or pancake i ever had. They certainly are using that to their advantage, as well as the hip and high energy diner style restaurant. The rest of the food is average. I went there two mornings in a row, and tried to get a wide variety of their offerings. The corned beef hash is too salty and fatty. The homefries are too buttery and soft, but taste good because of all the butter. The eggs are below average, but the prices are quite reasonable and the food comes out really fast. I would recommend it, but stick with the crepe hotcakes!!!! JAI BABA
5	A classic!! Fast, friendly service. Consistent, delicious eats. Lyonnaise potatoes have enough butter to make Paula Deen blush!!
4	Excellent breakfast spot. Fun, kitschy, delicious. The pancakes are some of the best I've had.
4	HELLO BREAKFAST! This place rocks socks off. There is always a wait but it is worth every minute. I chose what I was getting by simply looking around. Everything looked delicious. I need to go back for the pancakes or should I say crepecakes. Oh, and this place is PACKED yet the service is still good. Impressive if you ask me. See ya there next Sunday!
4	Tasty quick breakfast . I got the pancakes which are quite unique. Crispy edges , thin. Coffee and service were fine. I will be visiting again I think before my next Steelers game !
5	Yum! Those lyonnaise potatoes are to die for. Cheap, delicious food, really fun atmosphere, and you get an entire carafe of coffee.  Five star recommendation for this part of town!
4	I love Pamela and her sweet hotcakes! *wink*I was surprised to see the out-the-door line at 9am, but well worth the wait!  Plus, the diverse neighborhood was lots of fun to browse around, and the affordable tasty, hearty (very) breakfast is well worth the wait!
4	Great food & clean bathrooms. The latter definitely can inform the former & this place is an A in both departments! I highly recommend the strawberry hotcakes.
5	We stayed over in Pittsburg on drive home and thanks to yelp found this place. Boy oh boy am I glad I have yelp! This is one of the top 5 breakfasts I've ever had. I had Tex Mex Omelette with chorizo and it was awesome! Son had chocolate chip and banana hot cakes and it was even better (and I'm not a sweet breakfast eater). The chocolate was not too sweet which made for a great match with the bananas, no syrup necessary. I will definitely return on next trip to area. May even make up a reason to come back just for Pamela's. There wasn't a breakfast over $7. We went Tuesday at 1pm and were sat right away.
3	Believe it or not, my native Pittsburgher boyfriend had never been to Pamela's.  So when he brought me home to meet the parents, he thought it would be a great chance for us all to give it a try.  We went early (8:30am- yikes!) on a Sunday morning and got in easily without any wait.  The inside is bright, colorful, and vintage-retro diner kitschy.  I have to admit I got a little distracted looking at all the old black and white photos on the walls.  I couldn't make up my mind when it came time to order- which never happens.  I decided to go with the most diverse option and got the breakfast that included eggs, bacon, toast, and 2 of their crepe-style thin pancakes.  The eggs were great but the pancakes were a little too thin for my taste.  The edges tasted crispy but in a burnt way.  I also think I set my expectations too high, after reading all the rave Yelp reviews.  Naturally, I filled up quickly and could only eat half of the pancakes.  There was no way I'd be able to finish both.The best part of the meal had to have been my boyfriend's potatoes.  YUM!  They were soft but crispy on the top, flavorful but not overseasoned.  Fluffy but not greasy.  Total perfection!  I'd take them over the crepes if I had a chance to go back.
5	Love love love brunch at Pamela's! Go early,, prepare to wait in line. The food  is fabulous.The staff are friendly, efficient.   Best place for brunch in Pittsburgh!
4	Try the pancakes.  Try the potatoes.  Try everything!  I've been here many times but only for breakfast.  I'm never disappointed.  Even at busier times, the wait staff is very attentive.  They are a cash only establishment, but several ATMs are nearby.  If you go on a weekend, be prepared to wait.  But it will be worth it.
3	Pamela's is good strip district greasy spoon diner food.  Sometimes it has a long wait; expect that.  The hot cakes are crispy and delicious, certainly the best thing on the menu.  Most of the food here, as well as the coffee, is adequate.  I prefer DeLuca's but this place is still a Pittsburgh institution.
4	I dream about these thin crepe-style pancakes!!! I make sure I hit up Pamela's every time I return to the 'burgh. It's an institution, and there will definitely be a wait if you show up on a busy Strip District Saturday. I made the mistake of going the Friday before Christmas and the wait was pretty long, but well worth it. Yes, these pancakes are pretty unhealthy, but once in a while you just gotta treat yourself. Potatoes are delicious too. It's all awesome.Cash only, so don't be that person!
5	Awesome Pittsburgh diner - the pancakes (crepes) are amazing.  I can't get past them when I'm there, and always have the crepes either with the blueberry toppings or just plain with eggs on the side.  They are truly unique as far as pancakes go, and a must-have for anyone's first Pamela's experience.I always take my out of town guests here for an early meal before walking around the Strip.  It can get pretty crowded on weekends, but don't be too scared.  I have put my name on the waitlist when there has been as many as 20-30 people standing outside, and it still only took about 30 minutes to get a table.
4	Was dying to come here on the weekend, but not if I had to wait in a huge line.  I'm not a line person.  So instead I dropped by on Monday morning.  No line, but still pretty busy.I had the tex-mex omlete, which totally reminded me of a scaled down Deluca's MOAB.  It was the perfect size.  The toast was great and the potatoes were phenomenal.  The coffee was also good.  The staff was very friendly.  Great spot for breakfast.  CASH ONLY!
5	Best breakfast in Pennsylvania period. The strawberry crepe hotcakes are incredible.
4	Excellent food, fast service.  Fantastic crepe style pancakes.
3	When I came to P&G, I was super curious about these mysterious crepe hotcakes - they were all over the menu, but there was no description! Unfortunately, the only way to really get them was stuffed with cream, strawberries/blueberries/fruit, and loads of sugar. Soooo I decided on the only savory option with crepe hotcakes - the Morning After.  I suppose this brunch could be for a Morning After a very uneventful, humdrum night. The dish consists of eggs, a short stack of crepe hotcakes, and your choice of meat - bacon, sausage, or ham.  Now, I'm usually not one to  clamor for quantity, but my sausage links had a good 5 inches of empty plate to roll around in, and my scrambled eggs took up maybe 1/3 of the rest of the plate. Alas, quality was lacking as well. The sausages might have come from a Jimmy Dean box, and the eggs were about half a step above airplane fare - bland in color, taste, texture, and generally lukewarm. The crepe hotcakes came on a separate plate and the best way to describe them is basically crepes cooked like pancakes. And now I realize maybe that's why they're simply printed as crepe hotcakes without a description on the menu. Duh/doh. The texture of the edges was nice and crisp and it came with a little pat of butter. Otherwise, there wasn't much to distinguish this from a regular pancake. I wanted a Morning After that would help me get through the shenanigans of a wedding. I'm not sure P&G's Morning After could convince me to get out of bed even on a regular day. And this is coming from somebody who's usually too lazy to grab a granola bar for breakfast.
3	Went for lunch and it was significantly less impressive than breakfast. I got the grilled cheese which was all right. The onion rings ... also all right. I liked T's fries better. Still a good, cheap option but I think I'll stick with breakfast and their FABULOUS crepe pancakes.
3	I would have to say that I was not super wowed by our experience here.  Customer service was lackluster at best.  While my daughter and I stood at the doorway for 5 minutes, following the sign that clearly stated "Please wait to be seated", the man running the cash register barely acknowledged we were there.  I finally asked him if we could sit and he said we could sit wherever.  Our server, however, was nice and got our food out fast.  The food was okay.  Standard diner fare.  I wasn't in the mood for breakfast as we were well past lunch.  Perhaps I should have tried the famous crepe pancakes but alas I wanted a burger.
5	OMG OMG OMG. This place is not a game for breakfast.I was in the 'burgh for a theatre gig at the CLO. As always, once I open a show, I have cravings for breakfast around noon. We heard amazing things about Pamela's so here I went.The place is in the heart of the adorable Strip District; a part of Pittsburgh you have to visit when you go. You enter into a retro-40's/50's ambiance and the atmosphere is for people who dont need to be needy for a good hearty meal. Even if the sign says "please wait to be seated," the waiters know that you want to sit where you pick. My colleague and I sat down at a clean table, ordered from an AMAZING looking menue and seriously recieved our freshly cooked meals within 5 minutes. I'm really not kidding. It was hot and fresh and fast!And the crepe pancakes.. oh. That crepe pancake; Breakfast Coma Heaven. My colleague's healthier choice of an egg white omelet w/spinach and onions and raisin bran toast was as even satisfying as it looked.If you're looking for a FOR-REAL breakfast and not wanting to be bothered with an unnecessary, over the top, snooty brunch feeling, go have a FOR-REAL-GOOD time at Pamela's P&G Diner. Service was friendly and they were definitely busy, but NEVER rude. I liked everyone in there. And the prices were amazingly cheap for the amount of happiness placed on your plate.Delish.
2	Parking was expensive, the waiter forgot the drink orders, and it was so noisy that we couldn't hear the oldies track that they were playing.  The crepes and waffles were good, but the omelets were fair.  (Who doesn't make omelets today, and who can't make better ones than Pamela's?).  Nothing against Pamela's, because it is the only real diner in the strip and the food wasn't bad,, but the next time I'm there I want to check out the sidewalk restaurants.
3	Stopped by this locally recommended diner. There were lines out the door for Saturday. Don't be swayed though. My pal and were seated within 15 minutes. The food was aiight but served super fast.  We were ready for a long bike ride so loading up.  I must say the crepe hotcakes are quite tasty with its crispy edges. i found the service to be a bit slow to begin with but the food sure comes out in a jiffy.NOTE: pay at the counter.
4	Went here based on yelp reviews. The 4 star rating was spot on. Had the crepe hotcakes (strawberry). They were quite good. Staff was very nice. Warning... cash only.
5	If there's one type of place that is under-represented where I live, it's a good diner serving breakfast around the clock.  Sure, you might run across one ever once in a while.... but you just don't see them like you do in PA.  I miss that.  So, stopping by for a good breakfast was a must on my trip to Pittsburgh. As you would expect at a diner, everything was quick, efficient and without unneccessary flourish.  Get in, order, eat, pay the lady up front, see you next time.  I knew that going in.  Some folks expect to be talked to.... to get the specials of the day and ask what's good.  This probably isn't the place for that. I ordered the chorizo and eggs, and my wife got the banana walnut hotcakes.  My wife loved her meal, and mine was exactly what the doctor ordered!  It was the fuel needed for that long drive back to DC. While a meal at a "greasy spoon" isn't for everyone, if you are in the mood, this is a great place to go. Highly recommend!
4	Dear Pamela,Thank you for providing a top notch breakfast and for serving the best potatoes in existence. This is not an exaggeration.  Your potatoes are creamy, flavorful and perfectly salted with the right amount of butter and perfectly cooked.I enjoyed your Banana Chocolate Chip Hotcakes for my breakfast entree and I enjoyed them. They are unique in that the cake is thin, light and fluffy and with crispy edges. This is a different pancake experience and I rather enjoyed it!  Your atmosphere is fun and nostalgic and you do not offer a credit card option, which I understand and I'm glad that you give plenty of warning with your many signs.  Your T-Shirts are funny and for purchase and I like that too!I hope that you continue to do well and I want the recipe for your potatoes! Until next time. Thank you for a great morning and I hope to visit again!From a breakfast potato lover,***Breakfast Breakdown***The food: The hotcakes were pretty good. I prefer a thicker pancake but if you're looking for something different give them a shot! Definitely steal someone's potatoes if you get the hotcakes.The value:  $7ish for hotcakes? Not too shabby since you get a lot of food!The experience: Fun! I liked it!Would I return?: Yes and I'd get an omelet next time.4 stars?: The hotcakes didn't completely wow me, but damn are those some mighty delicious potatoes! Bring it on!
4	I came here on a weekday afternoon with a friend and we had a zero wait time. It was wonderful way to start meal=) The waitress was super friendly and helpful. I had the tex mex omelet and the walnut caramel croissant french toast. I devoured everything. The croissant french toast was a perfect balance of sweetness and buttery goodness covered in bits of walnuts that gave it a nice texture. Weekday brunch is the way to go.
3	As a tourist, it was mentioned to me that I needed to have breakfast here before I left. So that is precisely what I did. My two sisters and I strolled in on a Tuesday morning around 11. The main dining room was full, but the room next door was empty and we sat ourselves.So service is wishy-washy, but it's a diner, so what do you expect? Our drinks were brought out in a timely manner, as were our meals, so I cannot complain.We each ordered hot cakes, strawberry, blueberry, and banana chocolate chip. We also ordered sausage, bacon, and potatoes. Everything was decent! The portions of hot cakes was really big! Since everyone was talking it up, I was a little underwhelmed, but I did leave satisfied.
5	Great breakfast. Listen to the people and order the pancake/crepes. We got blueberries on one and bananas/walnuts on the other. Wow. No syrup needed. It was great.
5	Great resatuarant. We had I wait a little bit but the service when seated was excellent and the food came very quickly. Large portions and everyone loved their meal. Especially their "special potatoes". Definitely a stop when at the strip in Pittsburgh. We will be back!
4	Taken to Pamela's with hosts that lived in Pittsburgh.  We ordered the blueberry hot cakes and wow, they were delicious.  Only reason for 4 instead of 5 stars is the fact that it is difficult to make something that isn't good with all the butter and sugar used... but kudos to them for creating the legendary concoction.  I liked the 50's style diner feel and wasn't disappointed a bit.
2	I came here on a Sunday around Noon.  Part of me says my experience may be skewed because of the busy time I visited, but, the former-server part of me says that if at this point you haven't figured out how to handle a rush, you never will.A friend and I visited and were sat within 10 minutes.  The waitress came over in a few minutes and took our order.  Easy enough.  After that, we never saw her again.  A man with rubber gloves on served us our hotcakes and potatoes first.  A few minutes later i received my eggs and the check was also dropped off.  I realized right away that I needed more napkins and some hot sauce but our waitress never got within earshot.  I wasn't able to flag down anyone else so after 5 minutes I walked over, took a hot sauce from the counter and took some napkins from the server station where they roll silverware.  Good thing we didn't drink all of our water.When we were done we took our check up to the counter.  I noticed a line item on our check under bacon that said "WD .75".  The girl behind the register didn't know what it was and she took it off.  My guess was that it meant "Well Done $.75".  I did ask for my bacon crispy, which it really wasn't and I was upset that I was going to be charged money to leave it on the griddle for another 30 seconds.  I wonder how many people they get with that one.The food was ok.  It was diner food.  Nothing more, nothing less.  I did like the crepey-hotcakes but I remember them being cooked slightly less crispy last time which made them a bit more tasty.  My scrambled egg whites were sitting in water (which didn't help my bacon retain its mediocre crispiness).For a better greasy spoon experience, I recommend Dor-Stop in Dormont or for a cafe experience I recommend Coca in Lawrenceville.
4	Everyone always raves about Pamela's so it was time to try it. We went on a Steeler Sunday but it was not extremely packed. There was no line out the door like DeLuca's but I prefer Pamela's. They only had one table which was a table for 5 but they seated us there anyway which I appreciated. The service was fast, not too friendly but efficient. My husband ordered the chorizo and eggs (over easy), their potatoes and rye toast. The potatoes are unique but delicious! I'm not a huge fan of chorizo but he really enjoyed it. I ordred their speciality crepes which are I was not pleased with. I didn't like them at all as they were too thick and not at all like crepes. I did have turkey sausage (which only come in patties) and a single scrambled egg which may have been the best egg ever. Only downfall about this place is that it's cash only!
5	Great diner food and I love the thin pancakes - you can taste the real butter in them, MMMM!
5	Best crepe pancake/hotcakes ever!! This is the second time we have come here while in town for a Steeler's game. We walked 15 blocks and waited for a bit for a seat but it is so worth the wait. Heads up that they only take cash so a lot of people make use of the ATM around the cornerIt was jammed on Saturday morning but we were served quickly. Nice atmosphere - we'll be back again.
4	Another place my dad and I went on our trip to Pittsburgh to see the Mets.  I apologize for being so late in the review so details are sketchy.  We went for a late breakfast mid-week.  We both enjoyed our breakfast.I went with the chocolate chip banana pancakes and dad went with hash.  The pancake was like a large folded crepe-like pancake stuffed with sliced bananas and chocolate chips.  Excellent and very filling.  I left stuffed.
2	Great for a cheap meal... because the service is so bad, you'll never have to tip!  Food is good, diner is a bit dated (read: dingy), but I've never had such HORRIBLE service.  Waitress took our order and never came back, then gave me attitude when I went to find her and ask for drink refills.  Even with good food... why go back?
4	I want to use this review to explain what an idiot I am.  To set the scene, consider that I am a pancake-a-holic, a hotcake afficianado, and yet I have continually put off visiting Pamela's because I've seen their pancakes described as "crepes-like."  Well, I'm no francophile, but I'm not one of those "freedom fries" anti-France whack jobs.  I'm just not crazy about crepes--too thin, too eggy.So, even when I get there, I do the unthinkable and order a turkey club.  This is where the idiot part comes in.  The waitress brings our giant plates of food, and i recieve an excellent, huge turkey club and about 16 pounds of delightful "), a heaping pile of Lyonnaise Potatoes (home fries, you New World goon) and my buddy gets the damned pancakes--they're crepes-like, alright, but about 16" across and stuffed full of strawberries and whipped cream.  Well, shit.  There was nothing to do but order a to go box for the perfectly adequate "first course" and order my own pancakes and strawberries.  It was worth it.  The cakes are otherworldly, crispy on the edges and pancakey on the inside--not rubbery, like crepes can get. I dumped everything on 'em--butter and syrup to go with the strawberries and cream, and it was spectacular, but the pancakes are so sublime they'd be perfecttly wonderful on their own.I may never try anything else there again.
3	Descriptive phrase: faux-diner.Pamela's is one of the two most famous breakfast spots in Pittsburgh (the other being DeLuca's). From people I've talked to, that's mostly because of its location on the Strip and because President Obama likes it. I went this past weekend for brunch with Katie K. and her sister. There was a large crowd waiting inside and out to be seated, and we waited about 30 minutes.The place itself is styled to be an old-school diner, and the menu tries to reflect that. I ordered the Corned Beef Hash ($7.59), while the girls went for Chocolate Chip Banana Hotcakes ($7.29) and the Strawberry Hotcakes ($7.29).The food arrived fairly quickly. The Corned Beef Hash was fine, but didn't have any kick that I expected. The Choco-Chip Banana Hotcakes (pancakes), though, were to die for. I'd get those if I went back.I say it's a faux-diner because it just seemed like more of an act. Maybe it was the fact that it's become such a tourist trap, I'm not sure. The service was quick but not particularly friendly. It's also CASH ONLY.The Banana Hotcakes were great, but that's it for Pamela's. Don't bother with the hype, and head to DeLuca's around the corner for better greasy-spoon grub.
5	I visited here for the umpteenth time the other morning and I must say, it's legit. You know those places that have been around forever and ever and just give up? This is absolutely NOT one of them. No wonder President Obama digs them!I am a mad hotcake fan here, as the banana chocolate chip are my all time favorite. Trying to be "good" I opted for a spinach and feta omelet. I realized there really was no being good, it was bad, but in the best possible way. Follow me?I mean, I always love the sweet stuff rather than the savory for breakfast, so omelet's are fairly boring to me. But this omelet was seriously so tasty. The spinach was incredibly flavorful and the feta was the same. Great distribution. The eggs were crisp, but buttery. Not too buttery, but buttery enough that I knew this was no healthy option. Oh well, it was delicious! I threw caution to the wind...On top of that it comes with two pieces of wheat toast and incredible LyonnaisePotatoes, which I savored every. single. bite. of. I usually love crispy hashbrowns, but that isn't even a thought after biting into these taters. If you have a chance, avoid the weekend crowd, take a day off and enjoy a leisurely breakfast here during the week. It's definitely not half as crowded as it usually is. You actually just seat yourself! So treat yo'self with a cheat day soon.
5	Fanboy alert!If you asked me what I'd want to eat for breakfast every morning if my physique could handle it I'd say Pamela's crepe/pancakes, a side of bacon, 2 dippy eggs, and a pitcher of coffee.  Doesn't get much better than breakfast at Pamela's.  I'd recommend heading to the branch in Squirrel Hill as it's not as jam packed as the others.  And sure there are other offerings than their famous pancakes, but why?  Why would you even venture away from them?
4	Pamela's saved us after we were turned away from the S&D Polish Deli down the street for not being Polish enough (we may have fled after being stared at uncomfortably by three strange women).Wandering gypsies without a home, we found Pamela's a few blocks up and they welcomed us. This Cash Only (of course) diner in the amazing Strip District is freaking adorable with portraits, news articles and art all over the walls. It screams kitsch, and being of the tacky variety of human I immediately felt comfortable here. I was really craving something fattening, like a milkshake, but Pamela's saved me from myself by being one of those rare diners that doesn't offer milkshakes. Fine. I ordered the hamburger, and indeed it tasted like a hamburger. The fries were definitely made out of potatoes. Our silverware was clean. The place didn't smell like vomit, and that speaks volumes when it comes to diners. The guy running the place gave us advice about Pittsburgh, useful bits such as "Yeah, this town is dead by 6 pm." Good to know.Pamela's was by the far the most welcoming place we encountered in this area (S&D and Penn Avenue Fish both being just outright rude), and for that they earn a place in this Southern girl's heart.
4	I love Pamela's... this was certainly my go-to hangover brunch in my college days. The crepe-style pancakes are incredible especially when stuffed with fresh strawberries, brown sugar, and cream. A bacon, spinach, feta omelette is also a favorite!While I do dislike the cash only and long lines to get a table... this place is a Pittsburgh staple and a Pittsburgh classic!
4	My husband and I visited Pamela's while on a business trip in Pittsburgh. It's a cute little place located near The Strip. We went on a Tuesday morning and there were plenty of tables. My husband had the Cuban sandwich and it was amazing. The bread was perfect. His side was the Lyonnaise potatoes which are a MUST get. Seriously the best potatoes I've ever had. We also loved the flat crispy pancakes here. We tried the croissant French toast as well. It was good but verrry sweet. Overall it was a great breakfast and we will come back the next time we visit.
3	After hearing my boyfriend's woeful tale for years about how heart broken he was when Pamela's stop making buttermilk pancakes we stared clear of Pamela's.  I can't be bothered with a breakfast place that doesn't sale pancakes but after hearing that the Obama's ate at Pamela's I felt it was time he let the pass go.This was my first time dining at Pamela's.  I really enjoyed the corn beef hash but my French toast was rubbish.  I ordered the American style French toast topped with strawberries.  The strawberries were great but they couldn't mask the nastiness of the French toast.  The Fresh toast was not sweet at all. It desperately needed some powered sugar and no matter how much syrup I added it could not be helped.  My hubby got the blueberry hotcakes.  We were both expecting pancakes but instead he was served a thin crepe like pancake.  He said that the hotcakes were very tasty and  I could see they were full of fresh blueberries and topped with whipped cream.  The corn beef hash is worth traveling for, but the thin pancakes and nasty French toast not so much.
2	Stopped by for breakfast before we left Pittsburgh.   The service was horrible, the food was served quickly but not all that memorable.    Looks like we'll be sticking with DeLucas' for breakfast next time we are back in Pittsburgh.
4	This was a great experience ! We all say a diner is a diner but this place is unique they make their food from scratch and different ! The grilled cheese was on Texas Toast and very good... Ez on the butter next time.. There home fries are amazing and different from any other diner I been to!!
3	Pamela's I have to go back, I ordered the Tex-Mex omelette and it was good, no concerns with flavoring, or the chorizo or the guacamole even. However it was a very thin teeny tiny omelette...Maybe a half an inch thick with the filling and eggs included, So i knocked down a star for portion size only because it was an 8$ omelette. There was more food on my plate, but I wanted more omelette, less home fries you feel me?The service is speedy, if they are busy it can feel a little rushed, but nice servers. The decor is impossibly bobby socks, and poodle skirts adorable I half expected Rizzo and Sandy to pop out of the ladies room at any moment. Overall this is a yummy spot definately worth checking out.
4	You better go on an empty stomach because there is a TON of food coming your way!If you go, you need to get the pancakes - but these aren't just any pancakes. It's a combo of a crepe/griddle cake/pancake. I went on a Thursday morning, was seated right away. Within 10 minutes, I had plates all around me and I was digging in. I don't think I even finished half of what I had! Be sure to bring cash with you when you go since they don't take plastic - but you don't need much cash!
4	All I can say is YUM.As many other reviewers have said, get the hotcakes. Or pancakes. Or whatever they're called. They're a cross between a crepe and a pancake with a little dash of heaven thrown in. You can get them in different flavors, I believe, but they're just as good plain. If it's your first time in, that's probably what you should get, if you're having trouble deciding. Round out the meal with some bacon, eggs and coffee and you're good to go.The second time I went in, I tried the corned beef hash and eggs. Man are they good! They give you a generous portion and you'd better bring an empty stomach because you'll need room to put it all away. Folks, this is diner food at its finest. Why go to Denny's when you can eat locally?The decor inside is kitschy and old school. Lots of black and white photos, memorabilia and tchotchkes of a bygone era line the walls and give you something to look at and talk about while your stomach growls in anticipation.Just be warned, weekends are crazy, busy and crowded, and parking is at a premium. Also, they don't take plastic, so bring the green. Stake your place in line while another person from your group goes and gets a "snack" from Peace, Love and Donuts.  It's worth the wait.
5	How do I even begin to describe my experience here? I've had such a positive one that I would even go as far to say that I'd come back to Pittsburgh just to go to Pamela's! First to note: the GPS will actually lead you a little past Pamela's to a parking lot, which is actually great because you'll need to find parking anyways. It was actually at that parking lot that the guy manning the front told us to order the potatoes at Pamela's, which we did and they were AMAZINGLY GOOD.I'm getting a little ahead of myself. The wait was about an hour for 4, but since we were only 2 people, we were told to check back in 30 min. We took that time to visit the Strip District, which is really lovely (chocolate, candy, free samples of cheesecake...). We were seated about 40 min after we put our names down, which is actually pretty good considering how busy it was.Friend and I both ordered hotcakes with a side of the potatoes. SERIOUSLY SO GOOD. I'm craving it already! Crispy and slightly caramelized at the edges with delicious fillings- seriously you can't go wrong with the hotcakes.And the the potatoes are so good- I still don't quite grasp what umami is but THESE POTATOES make me think of that description- so delicious that even when you're full, you'll keep eating. "I don't think I can eat anymore" was said as we stuffed our faces with the potatoes!Easily the best brunch we've had here in our weekend trip to Pittsburgh. Like I said, I'd come back just for Pamela's. Amazing stuff right there!
4	Best breakfast in the burgh!  Only complaint is that they don't take credit cards :(
4	Made a special trip here...walked almost 20 blocks.  Yeah, it was worth it.  It's old school, both in looks and in menu.  The malted waffle with strawberries and a cup of good diner coffee will make you feel like all is right in the world.  Lampshades like grandma had in the living room.  Tables and chairs like the ones in her kitchen.  You'll feel comforted.  Even the 80s pop was soothing.  Apparently, the potatoes are legendary.  I don't doubt it for a second.  Go here.
5	Thankfully, it was a nice day because (as always) we waited outside for a good 40 minutes before being seated. Once seated, we quickly ordered. I got the blueberry pancakes, and my friend got an omelette. My pancakes were absolutely incredible, and I stole a bite of his hash browns-- to die for!! I have nothing bad to say about my experience, and I can't wait to go back! (Tip for the newbies, you go inside, write your name on the list, then wait outside. )
4	I highly recommend the strawberry hotcakes or the banana & chocolate chip ones!  And definitely get a side of the lyonnaise potatoes.  They're delicious :-)
3	We were visiting from out of town on a Friday mid morning, and tried Pamela's on a tip from our hotel.  The food was good, especially the potatoes!  It's a blue collar type place in the middle of what seemed to be Little Mexico, with the street shops and outdoor food markets.  The restaurant was nothing fancy inside or out, but it was light and airy and the service friendly and quick.
3	Pretty cool diner, cool enough for me to visit six times in my last five weeks in Pittsburgh. The trick? It opens at 7am, so get there at 6:55.
3	Ever since a visit by Obama, this has really become THE tourist place to go for breakfast in Pittsburgh. It was already a long standing fixture, but definitely got pushed over the top by the executive visit a few years ago. As such, if you're not there before 9am on any given day, you could easily be standing in a line running down the street. Is it worth it? The place underneath all the tourist hype is a good old fashioned corner diner, with huge pancakes, black coffee and lots of fried meats. The place is very retro looking (original decor) which I like. Service was efficient, but definitely not friendly. If you can get there early enough, give it a try.
5	Holy holy shoot!! My sister had said the hotcakes were amazing but she didn't even get close. This might have been the best thing I put in my mouth. A mix between a pancake and crepe so light and fluffy and crunchy around the edges. Filled with strawberries (you can get banana walnuts chocolate and blueberries) and sour cream and brown sugar. It is completely worth finding one of its locations and waiting.
4	Butter enthusiasts of the world: This is your mecca.  The Lyonnaise potatoes are coated with butter's savory, salty goodness, yet are somehow not too greasy! It was shockingly easy to wolf down an entire plate in 10 minutes. They were the best home fries I have *ever* had. Crispy buttery edges also graced my delicious chocolate chip pancakes. Loved the salty-sweetness.Despite the long waits, this is a surprisingly good spot for groups. Most of the tables are large. So my husband and I, a party of two, ended up waiting longer than several parties of 4 or 5 that arrived after us. Don't miss the small display of classic artifacts near the cash register, including Barack Obama's handwritten note that "I love those pancake!" [sic] Cash only!
3	Although we had recommendations from a friend to go to another place for brunch, we decided to try Pamela's when we saw that they had four stars on Yelp and there was a HUGE line on the street waiting to get in. First things first, if you are thinking about going here: They are cash only. There's a PNC bank with an ATM machine right around the corner on Penn Ave if you, like us, don't normally carry cash. Then, even if there's a huge line, go inside right away and put your name in the waiting list. We waited a good ten minutes in line before realizing that the line was meaningless - you really need to have your name in the list, and then go outside and wait. The line goes pretty fast, though, so don't get intimidated by the size of it.Our son had a feta and spinach omelet and loved it (another AWESOME). I had a veggie and feta omelet, and my husband the ham and cheese. Our omelets were OK - nothing to rave about it like our son was doing about his spinach and feta. And the omelets were kind of tiny, especially when compared with the amount of potatoes that are served in the plate. I did wish the omelet was the star and "kind of the plate", not the potatoes and toast. Looks like their strength is in the carb world, after all. My son and I also tried the hotcakes - my first time having it and they were worth every single second of stomach pain the gluten gave me after eating a few bites. The outskirts of the cakes were really crunchy like a waffle cone, and the inside is a thin, light pancake. Really good! I just couldn't eat a lot not only because of the gluten, but also because of the guilt - they are NOT a diet food. VERY buttery, but what else would you expect of them, right? As I told my husband, they taste like the ultimate winter breakfast comfort food. I can only imagine a really cold morning, freshly brewed coffee, and hotcakes. Yum! And talking about coffee, theirs was really good. Not too strong and not bitter at all, just the way I like it. The waitress eventually left a carafe of decaf for me at the table, which I really appreciated, because their mugs are kind of tiny. Final thing to be aware: When we were done eating we waited forever for the check to come (our waitress could have been a bit less absent...). When we finally asked the waitress for the check, she told us with a "this is the most natural thing in the world"  face that the check had been delivered with our food a long time ago. How come we didn't think of that, right? We really didn't see the check among the 300 other things in the table. So if you are not from the area and don't know how things work over there, bring cash, put your name in the list, and keep an eye out for the check which comes WITH your food.Three stars because I didn't think that the breakfast was that awesome. Probably would think otherwise if I knew their system, ate gluten, and wasn't aware of carbs.
5	#1 place to take out of towners.  I mean Obama chose these pancakes once which is good enough for me. I remember when after living in Pittsburgh for six months an employee of mine looked at me like I didn't speak english cause I had never been here. Now that I have been here like 25 times I wonder how I haven't reviewed this place before. I have to be honest everything is average except for the pancakes which are are like 27 stars!
2	I really wanted to like this place... but was disappointed.  Pro's:*probably one of the better diners in Pittsburgh, but not of national quality*great industrial diner atmosphere.  Busy and feels local.*cheap (plates are ~7).Room of improvement*staff friendliness seems hit or miss on busy days*few authentic ingredients (ie fake butter, fake maple syrup)*over use of salt (corned beef hash)*over medium eggs came out over easy*no apparent effort to support local farms or sustainable food system.It could be great, and hopefully will be soon.
5	This place does not take cards, fyi. I was very excited to try this place, so on my last day in town I dragged my 8 college students there haha. It was extremely busy on the Sunday in June that I visited, and it took a few minutes to find a table, but honestly I had expected a much longer wait. Definitely a diner, and looks like a local favorite. Our server was very friendly, and we received our orders fairly quickly, especially given the size of the group. My group ordered a variety of different breakfasts, but I went with the croissant french toast on the recommendation of the server. It was great, and definitely something a little different. Now I wish I could go back for the pancakes!
5	The breakfast potatoes were quite possibly the best I've ever had.  The omelets were good but look for the specials, they were hidden on the tabletop card.  The list system is great.  Put your name on the list and then explore the strip.
5	Pamela's is kingly diner food. When I'm back in the Burgh, this one of my favorite spots. - Atmosphere and decor is a cool, '50s Americana-style- Great diner breakfast: pancakes, french toast, bacon, coffee, etc- Line can be long on the weekend, which is a testament to how good it is- Been here dozens of times, never had an issue with the staff
5	Great breakfast food at a reasonable price... Try the strawberry stuffed pancakes, you won't be disappointed.  When parking, use the metered parking, unless you want to stay a while and shop the strip.  Service is fast, so you'll be in and out in about 30 minutes.
5	Pamela's has been well covered by other Yelpers so I'll keep my review brief. This place hits all of the right classic diner notes and then some: it's comfortable, friendly, full of locals, and awash in vintage Pittsburgh centric Americana but most importantly, the food is awesome.  Well, I should qualify that, I can at least say  the pancakes are awesome, because that's all that I tried and frankly that's all I need to try as I have a deep abiding love for all types of fried breakfast cakes and can rarely resist the urge to order them when dining out in the morning (and as a side note I am frankly waiting for the hipster restaurateur set to open a place where I can have a late-night short stack in my neck of the woods).The pancakes, or hotcakes as they are called, are basically large crispy-edged crepes that are fried in what must be a mountain of butter. You can order straight-ahead versions of the hotcakes or signature ones that come stuffed with things like banana and chocolate, or fruit and sour cream. My wife and I got two orders of the hotcakes: one plain and one with strawberries and sour cream inside and I have to say that despite how strange the latter one sounds it was delicious, and perhaps more importantly, the sour cream counters the sweetness of the dish which means that you don't hit "the wall" so early on with them, which if you are in a gluttonous kind of mood is a good thing.The best part is that everything is entirely reasonable - the pancakes are like $6-$8 and are enough food to allow you to skip lunch. Go check this place out, and come hungry.
5	I don't know why I am writing this review because if you are here reading this  review then you are one of the very few that don't know how great Pamela's really is.  First of all the prices are right that is why you can only pay with cash.  Second you need to order only 2 things on the menu either the crepes  or the potatoes they are both awesome.  If you come here on the weekend you better come very early or you wait for a seat.  No problem it is worth a hundred waits.  It all depends also on the time of the year and the weather. I have waited for a seat that seemed like forever and then there has been Saturdays that I walked in and sat right down but to do so you must come.  I remember the last time the Steelers went to the Super Bowl and we ate here the Saturday before they had Steeler music going it was a great time.  They are only open for breakfast and lunch. I can't see them ever needing to be open later ever.  We are from Uniontown and go to the strip often throughout the year.  There has been other restaurants I have been wanting to eat at but can't get past this place.  The way this place is decorated like you are back in time with all the old photos on the wall and things makes you feel right at home.
3	This makes me question Pittsburgh.  Breakfast - and diners in particular - are important.  And Pamela's food is just mediocre:  coffee is 60's, French toast is Wonder Bread, bacon hardly better than microwave.  If this were my local it wouldn't be.Is this really as good as it gets for breakfast in Pittsburgh?
5	Staple breakfast diner for neighborhood. We ate here twice during our trip. Hotcakes were fire and the hangover breakfast was yummy too. Yes, cash only. Yes, you always have to wait. Yes, they pack you in, but it's worth it. This place had a lot of hype and it lived up to it. It's a must for breakfast if you are visiting.
4	This is my local hang out for breakfast. I am here all the time and each time it is always great. I have lived for quite sometime and have eaten quite a few breakfasts in all sorts of areas. This is probably the place the reminds me best of traditions.A good french toast is such a treat in this day and age that I especially appreciate the greatness of such a restaurant.I miss the butter milk pancakes as much as anyone but you can't have everything alll the time. There are certain compromises that need to be made.
3	I was pretty excited to eat here after hearing all of the hype, and I have to say, I'm pretty underwhelmed. It's possible that I didn't order the right thing; after all, Pamela's is known for their hotcakes, but I wasn't in the mood for a meal that heavy. Instead, I went with two poached eggs, rye toast, and the famous potatoes. The food was decent--there was nothing "wrong" with it-- but it wasn't memorable at all. The food was pretty greasy as well, but that's to be expected for this kind of place. I sampled a bit of my friend's hotcakes and they were good but not great. The meal I had was satisfactory, but I wouldn't go out of my way to seek it.
5	This place was recommended to us as a Pittsburgh attraction and we were not disappointed.I had the strawberry hot cakes and they were amazing.  Not too sweet, tender with perfectly crisp edges.My husband had the day's special - a chorizo hash.  It was spicy and very fresh tasting and along with 2 eggs made for a very large meal.
5	Great place for breakfast!!!  Be prepared to wait unless you're there right when it opens.  It's so good, I went for breakfast two days in a row.First day I went with "The Morning After Breakfast Special" with some blueberry hotcakes.  Fresh cut ham was great, but those hotcakes were super!Next day I went with the "Famous Corned Beef Hash and 2 Eggs."  I thought nothing could beat the previous breakfast, but I was wrong.  My gosh, the hash was heavenly!  I also ordered the strawberry hotcakes, too.  They were good, but I prefer the blueberry.Definitely worth the walk and wait.  Wait staff VERY friendly!
5	Cheap, fast, friendly, quality food, and best comfort food. My fave is Gail's eggs in egg whites!
5	Beat breakfast in Pittsburgh. I know there is another place with that on their sign but I'll take Pamela's any day!!
3	Thank God for coffee! especially when it's cold!It's good diner food but nothing really to run out and crow about! It's solid short order food with nothing terribly standing out!When you arrive at the diner be ready there will be a wait; what feels like an annoying way to long for what your getting on your plate wait.When you are seated the servers are busy, super busy and yet they find a way to be courteous and are on top of it at all times. I have never had a problem with the servers and they are very helpful when needed.As I have pointed out at the beginning of the review there is nothing really to crow about here. It's dinner food with the potatoes cooked in a large batch which means that your Lyonnaise potatoes are very hit and miss. Sometime you get a well cook morning potatoes tender and tasty then on the other occasions you end up with a lump of semi cooked not so tender kinda cold mess.The rest is relatively blase and as I said standard diner food... One major disappointment was the "pancakes". I was ready for light n' fluffy golden goodness ready to soak up some syrup and fill my belly. Instead I was greeted with crepe style more Nordic pancakes. So for those of you who love a traditional fluffy golden pancake you will be met with disappointment. Also the last couple of times I've gone in their pancakes have had a heavy baking soda flavor present. Now I know this place is a Pittsburgh favorite with pictures on the walls when you first come in showing even President Obama ate there. I can tell you that it's serviceable diner food nothing really stands out and makes me go WOW! Which leads me to believe this place used to be the bomb diggity but now is primarily getting by on reputation alone.It's worth the visit to say you've been but not the repeat as it's just another diner with just another plate of odd pancakes and run of the mill food.
3	I was from out of town and some of my co-workers took me here.  It was OK but I've had better.  I had the Banana Walnut hotcakes with a side of turkey sausage.  The hotcakes came wrapped as crepes, something I've never seen before.  Plenty of fresh bananas and walnuts.   The coffee was fine.  They did mess up my co-worker's order by giving him the wrong egg order.  Service was decent.  My hotcakes were very thin crepes and not really pancakes.  This might be a Pittsburgh thing.  They seemed kind of greasy and not the typical pancakes I'm used to.  I'm used to many diners here in NJ and might be spoiled.  Overall, I was satisfied.
3	Meh, I'm over it. It's ok. Heavy, typical diner food. The Lyonaise potatoes are scrumptious, but too guilt inducing. The waits, the cash only service, the service in general...I can leave it.
3	This diner is always crowded and demands a long wait especially for weekend brunches.  For Pittsburgh food/brunch, I would recommend this place but food is a little greasy (typical for brunch places). I can be picky about brunch places, since many of them can taste similar, so I would recommend coming here but it's not deserving of 4-stars in my book.
3	I'll offer almost verbatim the review I wrote for the Walnut branch. This Pamela's is nested within the heart of the Strip District, which is prime real estate on the weekends. Parking anywhere close to here is as painful as passing a kidney stone and almost not worth stopping by for brunch. However, the food here again is good and it's a cool little diner to visit in the Burgh. Another drawback is that, like all of the other Pamela's, the wait is forever to get a table. If you're ok with this, please do visit and enjoy the plethora of breakfast munchies.
4	Hate the wait especially in winter but love everything else about it. I do want to give it a five star but had to knock one off just because of my love for potatoes and apparently my go to "Morning after breakfast" doesn't come with it. Although stealing those delicious  Lyonnaise potatoes from my partners plate has never been an issue. Every time we've been here we've never had any bad experience with the food or the service. Highly recommended for breakfast.
5	Great place for breakfast! A must if in Pittsburgh. Food was excellent, will return when in Pittsburgh.  Nostalgic interior.
4	Stopped by here for a late breakfast on a Friday. Place wasn't too crowded but before we go any further kids- this place is cash only!  We had "the morning after" breakfast special which includes 2 eggs any style, pancakes and choice of bacon or sausage. We both got bacon and over easy eggs. The eggs were eggs, the bacon was kind of on the small side with only 3 salty strips (NJ people know that a diner breakfast plate has a tangled up mess of bacon, you can't even count the strips if you wanted to!) but the pancakes were great! Two cakes that were thin with crisp edges with a not too sweet buttery flavor. Perfect canvas for eggs, bacon, and syrup or sweeter add-ons like chocolate chips.Coffee was decent, bright retro decorated atmosphere, no complaints on service.
3	Ah Pamela's. It's reliable, good, and relatively inexpensive.  I come here on Wednesday mornings once a month to meet with a tech group, so I have no concept of what the weekend rush is like.  As we know by now, though, Hungry Angelica does not wait well, so I can't imagine it would be very pleasant!I've had the Western Omelet, which is delicious and so plentiful I have to take half home, but I love the American French Toast.  It isn't creamy and thick like traditional French toast, it's like your mom would make it - white bread with a sweet egg batter that's got a good crust on it.  Best when eaten with butter and maple syrup because otherwise it's a little egg-y.  Comfort food in my book.The coffee is great.  The servers all seem to be pregnant at the same time (not a knock against the place - heh - just an interesting fact) but they're quick with the refills and usually pretty attentive to when you're ready to order/done with your food.  The atmosphere is traditional 50's diner.  Can't ask for much more.
4	I got the western omelette with their potatoes and wheat toast... I LOVED their potatoes and toast... The omelette was pretty standard. Service was great and good was out quick. The atmosphere was nice And I liked how it looked. I will definitely be returning since I live right down the street.
4	This Pamela's I think is the best in the city. I love myself for going out for breakfast after a long weekend night and Pamela's is always there for me. Sometime's the potatoes and omelets can be a little salty. I also love the hot cakes. I wish it wasn't cash only because I never have cash on me, but there is an ATM close by.
2	We heard about Pamela's and decided to go the morning we were heading back home. The hotcakes are massive! I could have split them with my husband! Everything else I tried (bacon, potatoes, coffee) was just blah. But the hotcakes were yummy! Can't say I would go back. The prices were good but you get what you pay for... No cleanliness and rude staff.
5	Cash. Hotcakes. Lyonnaise Potatoes.Bonus information:They left a coffee carafe on our table. Perfect. You've seen my picture right?Get there EARLY. "The Morning After" is a great deal. Eggs, meat, hotcakes. Just be SURE you order the Lyonnaise Potatoes.What the heck is Lyonnaise? No idea. But I do know this is how breakfast potatoes are supposed to be seasoned and cooked. nuf said.Hotcakes not pancakes. This means they are thinner like crepes and crispy around the edges. Also means they they up the entire plate. You can't finish it. You will feel guilty. That is all ok.This is my second time coming to Pittsburgh, and the second time I've come to Pamela's. If I lived here I'd come here every weekend. Drive, bus, walk, taxi, whatever. It's worth it.
5	I'm from LA and so Disneyland is in my roots. Why does this matter? Because if you share the same addiction for Disneyland's churros, you MUST order the Croissant French Toast here. It's covered in caramel, nuts, cinnamon, sugar, and a decent sprinkle of crack. Just trust me :)Quick notes:-Long wait so come early or after the regular breakfast rush.-Food comes out quick though!-Cash only-Park on the street or nearby paid parking lots
5	This place has the best hotcakes !!.. I ordered the "morning after" breakfast special & upgraded to their specialty strawberry hotcakes, it was one of the best hotcakes I have ever had. My boyfriend also had the chorizo & eggs. The potatoes on the side were so yummy!!.
4	I came here upon recommendation from a nearby antique shop owner.  She said Obama likes to eat there you have to try the hotcakes!  So I figured I should listen to the lady and try out some of Pamela's Obamacakes.  We tried the chorizo hash and the banana walnut hotcakes.  Everything was delicious and I am glad we got to split one savory and one sweet dish between us. The service was good as well.  I took away one star because the place could have been a little cleaner (napkins and trash on the floor) and I really don't like when they leave the cream from the previous diners for you to use on the table.
5	The latest Pamela's in town! Great, as I was out in these parts for a wedding and feared I wouldn't be able to visit one back in Squirrel Hill or Shadyside because of the time constraint. I need my hotcake fix!!The insides of the place feels as retro as any other Pamela's, and the menu the same. However, the quality is still there. Their hotcakes, with the whipped cream and brown sugar, are still the best. The potatoes, or better, the corned beef hash, remained the most flavourful I've had in my life. Ever.I think I will have to keep coming back to Pittsburgh, even if I don't need to visit anyone. Because Pamela's.
5	I live in Colorado, and found this place on yelp.  The hotcakes here are so good that I've now been to Pittsburgh on 2 separate trips, but I've been to Pamela's 4 times.  Even if you've never been a huge pancake fan, you absolutely have to try them, since they are a unique creation that's maybe 2/3 pancake and 1/3 crepe with crispy edges.  I've only had something like this at one other place in the Amana colonies in IA.  Maybe its a Mennonite thing?  The bacon was pretty lifeless, but the sausage links are really good, so I can't count them off any stars for that.  Actually, even if I didn't like the bacon or sausage, I would still come here at every opportunity.  The hotcakes are *that* good.  CASH ONLY!!
5	I rarely give 5 stars. It has to be an exceptional experience. Breakfast here was a religious experience. Hands down the best in my memory. Crepe hot cakes are like heaven on your tongue. The corn beef and Swiss omelet was superb. Are they a one trick pony? Maybe but that trick is worth the visit. GO HUNGRY.
4	We have to go to Pamela's every visit to Pittsburgh.  The problem is, I can never order anything other than the strawberry hot cakes.  Other family members got regular breakfast items and they were very pleased.  The line to be seated was really large but worth the wait.  It's loud, it's crowded but it's Pamela's!
4	Fiance and I hit up Pamelas for a Sunday brunchfest. Overall I was very impressed. I ordered the Blueberry Pancakes which were very good but almost too sweet. The internals of the pancakes consisted of brown sugar, sour cream, and blueberry's. They were topped with whipped cream. She ordered the western omelet which was probably the best I have even consumed. The side of potatoes were excellent as well. The flavor of the potatoes is hard to describe, something you will just have to experience for yourself. Service was above average as well. Wait time for food was quick to average. Ambience was diner style combined with a modern retro vibe. Parking is curbside.
5	LOVE this place!! My first time in Pittsburgh and I'm glad we got to go here. Service was great, food came out fast and was so good. I got the banana and choc chip hot cakes, very good. My husband got the malted waffle and my sister in law got the egg salad sandwich, both very good! If I ever come back to Pittsburgh I will def come back here!!
4	I would probably put it at 4.5 stars if there was an option. This has been the best overall dining experience in Pittsburgh since I moved here a few months ago. A lot of places in Pitt are hype machines, but this is the real deal if you like good old fashion American-style breakfast grub. The place has character, too.
5	Been here twice and i love it. Every time i come to Pittsburgh i make sure this is one of my stops. I always mean to get the pancakes but i order an omelet instead. Then i sneak bites from friend's plates for the best of both worlds.
5	The ONLY downside to this place is the wait. Although I'm guessing I just went at a bad time - Saturday brunch - packed house! Eh well, so worth the wait. Not to mention while you're waiting, if you're just visiting the city - peruse the rest of the area before and after, you may have to leave "that guy" waiting in line for ya because if you don't you get bumped - old school right! hahaOnce you're seated - holy crap they're quick.  I mean from the first round of waters, to the ordering, even to getting the food to you - even if it is mostly breakfast food, still!If you've got that person in the group or pair that "just/already ate" - ditch them or make them get hungry because this place will easily put you into a food coma after the first bite! I tend to eat a lot and I almost didn't finish my plate - that should never happen - least of all to me. hahaAnyway, highly recommend.
5	The food here is outstanding. I live in California, and whenever I find myself in the 'Burgh, there is always a trip to Pamela's on the agenda. The crepe pancakes are magical. There's a reason why Obama invited them to the White House after eating here. I've never had anything like them anywhere else. So light and buttery, and crispy on the edges. The famous potatoes are full of flavor, not like the plate-filler, bland potatoes you might find elsewhere. So savory.Just delicious!
4	The food here is amazing the decorations are great. I can on a Sunday so it was packed beyond belief the room was loud but the wait went fast. This is a great place to go but if your looking to chat it is hard.
5	I LOVE this place - as proven by convincing my parents to drive 40 mins to get breakfast here during my short visit home to PA.  The food is FANTASTIC and the prices are great too.As usual, I ordered the strawberry hotcakes (the best ones on the menu IMO!) and my dad followed suit.  The serving was a bit smaller than I remember, but the strawberries tasted deliciously fresh and the hot cakes were warm and fluffy with a crisp crust.  My only suggestion is that the cinnamon could have been a little heavier and more evenly applied.  My side order of lyonnaise potatoes were as perfect as usual - a generous amount of creamy, onion-packed goodness - YUM!My mom ordered the cheeseburger, and ate more of it than I ever see her eat - indicating it was as tasty as it looked.  I also sampled her fries - which were fantastic - crispy and full of flavor.  My dad gave a big thumbs up to everything as he helped clear anything we couldn't finish.All in all, Pamela's is TOTALLY worth going out of your way to visit!  Absolutely my favorite breakfast place of any in DC or PA!
4	Has the appearance and menu of a traditional American diner, but the quality of the food was much better than a traditional American diner. Great tasting food for a reasonable price. They have good French press coffee.
3	It might be good food but there is no way you should have to wait so long and have a chaotic line control and fill in your name on the waiting list service.  If it is a weekend don't even bother and go to Delucas instead.  I didnt try the food so I can comment on it.
4	As every other review has said the pancakes are really good! You will need to run for like 3 days straight to burn the calories but it might be worth it. I have visited Pittsburgh twice in 2 years and we have gone to Pamela's both times. It's quick, homemade and worth a 30 min wait if you have one.A definite must for your visit to Pittsburgh!
5	Had the most delicious brunch here last weekend. Those strawberry hotcakes are TO DIE FOR! Honestly so delicious. Wish I lived closer so that I could eat these weekly.The eggs/ham were fine, but honestly go for the strawberry hotcakes!Nice service & funky decor.
4	Awesome place!  It was packed on a Friday morning so I can't imagine what it's like on the weekend.  Place is such a good value.  I got the tex-mex omelet and my brother in law got a bacon egg and cheese on a bagel.  My omelet was HUGE and came with two big pieces of white bread and potatoes.  Bro-in-law loved his sandwich.  My huge omelet was $7 and his huge breakfast sandwich was $4.  Those same two dishes are double that back home in Connecticut.  Only downside is the place is cash only, but for prices like that it's worth it.
5	Wow. This is one of the best breakfast places I have ever had! A really delicious place. I would go back again and again!
4	We visited Pamela's while staying in Pittsburgh for the weekend. I would say it's a must stop for breakfast! You will wait for a table on Sunday, we stopped by around 9am and had to wait about 15-20 minutes. They do move the customers in and out pretty fast. I had the Chocolate Chip Banana Hotcakes and they were outstanding! It is a very sweet menu item so beware, it melts in your mouth. The ambiance is old time diner with a lot of history on the walls. Make sure you bring CASH!
5	By far the best breakfast place to eat in Pittsburgh. I had French toast with Carmel and nuts, it was wonderful. My husband had the pancakes with strawberries, it melted in my mouth. Our server was excellent. I would recommend anyone to try this place!
4	Pamela's is THE PLACE to go if you love pancakes in the morning! Yes, it's cash only and yes, there will be a wait but it's SO worth it! I always get the chocolate chip banana hot cakes and I have never had hot cakes so thin and light but so indulgent at the same time. Order the whipped cream on the side-it's a a rush of sugary goodness otherwise. But that's not always a bad thing. Their coffee is good too. Service is usually slow and not the friendliest but this is one of those places where the wait is so long they want to get you in and out as quickly as possible. This is also a great place to take out of towners for breakfast-even the Obamas loved it!
5	Pamela's is essential when visiting Pittsburgh. Try atmosphere and the food are spot on for brunch any day of the week.The strawberry hotcakes are my favorite!Just always remember, Pamela's is cash only!
4	I have 3 words for you:Corned beef hash (frankly, that might only be two words, but you get my drift.)It was AMAZING-you have to try it to believe it. It's a special and bit always on the menu, but never fear, there are other lovely treats for you to try too.If you want an awesome breakfast in Pittsburgh, then Pamela's is your place.The crepe pancakes with banana, walnuts and whipped cream are heavenly! I recommend getting a savory breakfast for one person and a sweet for the other person and sharing. Cash only-so don't forget the green!The servers are very nice and helpful.Expect a line on the weekends-a place this good has to be busy!Don't expect fru fru coffee drinks or hand squeezed orange juice-but do expect excellent food!
3	For being so popular, I expected much more from Pamela's. My order came out completely wrong. It wasn't that great when I actually got what I ordered. Service was bad. Just average experience, not at all what I expected.
4	Went there for a quick lunch, definitely reminded me of a place you would see on Diners Drive Ins and Dives... despite the ridiculously great reputation this place has for breakfast, I got a P&G Burger special. The burger was standard diner fare, but the onion rings that came with it were delicious and perfectly friend. The jalapeno crisps and burger toppings were perfect and made for a really delicious lunch... I will def be back for breakfast and lunch in the futuredo wish they would take debit card, but cash talks in this case
4	Pittsburgh legend- got to love this place. Crepes are delicious!!! Great for a big greasy breakfast too. As bad as it might be for you it is so worth it. I live in Georgia now and this is a must do when I come home. I usually end up in the one in Mt. Lebanon and the only negative there is parking and cash only. It is all part of the tradition though!
5	I come here for breakfast every time I'm in Pittsburgh. It's like a tradition at this point. This weekend was no exception, went for breakfast with three friends on Saturday. Standing room only, as always, but the wait always goes by quick - probably about a ten minute wait at 8:30am. It's been busy every time I've been there but the service is so efficient, it's kind of crazy. We were seated in the back room, which I like better because then you don't have to watch all the other hungry people wait to be seated. The decor is exactly what you'd expect from an older diner and there are black & white photos plastered on the wall.This time I ordered the veggie omelet. It came with their lyonnaise potatoes and toast. So so good, I love their potatoes and their toast is thick and delicious. I've had other omelets and their stuffed banana chocolate chip hot cakes and I've never been disappointed nor left hungry. Very big portions and very reasonable prices. Pamela's is everything I could want in a breakfast.Long story short: Come here and come hungry. Don't expect to eat anything else the rest of the day. And bring your wallet, it's cash only.
4	This place is just the best. The good is great. I recommend the crepes and lyoniese potatoes. So so good. It makes me want to travel to Peru (no I don't have my countries mixed up, they have a theme with a few random dishes) but alas the airfare will kill ya for last minute trips to Peru for dinner. Why oh why am I not a billionaire taking trips just for food. All my breakfast love to Pamela's.
5	The BEST blueberry hotcakes ive ever had! The busser is also incredible! Must stop for breakfast!
4	CASH ONLY PLACE. Food was great skip the bacon get ham. Crepes were different but really good. Would definitely go again.
