5	The mignonette for the oysters is fabulous!!
4	Loved this place!  Amazing oysters - which are rare in Madison!  I had the marlin crusted in pesto, and it was delicious!  Perfectly seasoned and not overcooked.  Desserts were also great, I think they change these up often.My favorite thing about the place was the bar area!  Its such a light, inviting atmosphere that I could have stayed for hours.  A great change from the overly dark decor that was Magnus's signature.Will definitely go back!
1	The food is poorly prepared.  The menu is unappealing.  The service was extremely unfortunate.  The beer menu is disappointing.   My guest and I left, vowing to not return.  Altogether an entirely regrettable experience.  I strongly recommend avoiding this restaurant.
5	I had a great meal for my boyfriend's birthday at Tempest Oyster Bar.  We started with a selection of two of each of all the raw oysters and clams (we're addicts).  They had terrific oysters that were pretty expertly shucked (only got a couple of small shell pieces, and I've never been anywhere that didn't have that) -- a great variety of briny to creamy.  The clams were meh, but probably only because a raw clam seems a bit vulgar compared to the heavenly experience that is a raw oyster.  I also had the arugula salad, which was delicious, huge (the more arugula, the better!) and well-dressed -- not too lemony, with tasty bits of chevre throughout.My entree, the carpetbagger steak, was out of this world.  Cooked perfectly (I asked for medium rare), in a "brown beer sauce" that I probably would have drunk out of a pint glass given the chance, it was stuffed with several --you guessed it -- OYSTERS!!  I nearly died eating it, it was so good.  I didn't even want to give a bite to my boyfriend and it was his birthday!  Definitely in the top five things I've ever eaten in my life.Dessert was also delicious: I had a blackberry-peach crumble (not too sweet), and my boyfriend had a chocolate mini-bundt cake with a candle in it!  They also brought him shortbread cookies with whipped cream upon learning it was his birthday.  All were very tasty.Great service.  Good wine list.  The decor was kind of weirdly sterile-nautical (try the bar section if you want to look at pretty things), but I don't concern myself much with that, especially when the food is to die for!
4	The owner painstakingly nailed hundreds of decorative metal spoons behind the bar & there's a giant wooden boat in the front room making most of the interior very cool (except for the clamshell in the wall).The cocktails are simple, fresh, and delicious. I've had three of them and liked them all pretty well. Personal favorite is the Wheelhouse. Fairly solid beer selection too, including Schlitz. Somehow I have an appetizer addiction, and Tempest helped fill my addiction. The seafood tower might not be worth the money - I'd just get oysters and clams a la cart. Last tower we got had some sketchy crab on the top which was a big turn off. The smoked fish platter is spot on -- you can't miss this. Also the scallop and clam apps are both very tasty.Main courses have been nice also. Seems like the special is always pretty awesome. It's weird though - they seem to run out of things a little too often. Heads up: the lobster roll has lettuce inside of it, so make sure to get that removed. The sturgeon was okay - I think it's a personal thing. I also had the trout which was yummy.Overall - I like this place. It's an innovative seafood restaurant in Madison with a refreshing interior.
3	My wife and I had dinner here last Saturday. While we enjoyed the meal and the atmosphere, it is always hard to make excellent seafood in the midwest. Tempest does well to bring in a lot of great shellfish and the oysters were quite good. We really liked the new look of the place and the bar area but it was quite noisy.
3	The food was pretty amazing if expensive.  Everyone at our table enjoyed the oysters but the whole deep fried sea bass stole the show.  Head and tail still on.  I was impressed.  The space is cool and feels retro yet new.  The problem I had was the bartenders and the lack of music.  On a Saturday night you'd think the bartenders would be in a good mood.  They weren't and their attitudes took something away from what should have been a great bar scene.  Overall the food is great but they need to make the place have more 'vibe'.  Its kind of stale even with the really cool decor (a boat inside!).
3	Went to Tempest earlier this week, looking forward to sampling the Lobster Roll. Unfortunately we were very disappointed! The lobster was chewy and overdone, and it was on a hoagie bun w/lettuce, mayo, and pickles?? I have never had a Lobster Roll like this one. I know we are in the midwest, but try to make it somewhat authentic....The tuna appetizer was well done, as were the matchstick french fries. I will give this this restaurant another try, but definitely not order the Lobster Roll.
4	The food here was good.  Beautifully presented and very tasty.  I got the venison chop with butter broiled oysters ($32) and a side of roasted parsnips.  The chop was served bloody/cool in the middle.  Not a huge issue for me but I could see how others might want to be warned.  It was a little tough to eat (two bones + rare/chewy meat) but the flavor was good. One thing I'll say is that the parsnips, while good, were $5 and not quite as substantial as I'd expect- I understand that at restaurants like this entrees usually come strictly a la carte, and to augment that one should order sides. But there was probably less than half a cup of sliced parsnips, simply roasted with minimal seasoning (if any) in my side.  Our table of four was going to share them but decided not to upon seeing the portion. I would suggest that Tempest take a page from Tornado and include a salad or soup with its entrees.  After all, the prices are comparable.The appetizers of Fruits De Mer and Crab Cocktail (both $14) were ample and delicious.  Same with the bread basket.  My glass of red wine was sooooo good.  And well-priced.There were a few issues: our server was swamped and stressed.  We felt really sorry for her because although she was obviously adept, the place itself was also obviously understaffed for a busy Saturday.  Speaking of which- they ran out of two of our entree picks but she did not tell us until she brought our appetizers (about 20 min after we ordered).  When my friends were perusing the menu to reorder, we found out that they were out of a couple other entrees as well.  Not a huge deal, but the wonderfully eclectic menu became pretty limited after we heard the whole rundown of what was off the table. Finally, the place was nearly unbearably loud.  I usually like the hustle and bustle of a busy restaurant.  This was pure insanity.  I'm not exaggerating- I was hoarse when we left, and my ears were aching the way they do if I endure a punk rock or metal show in a tiny club sans earplugs.  It was a little shocking.  My friends were annoyed, since we had made reservations at this swanky place to catch up and celebrate and we ended up yelling at one another and struggling to hear.  Fabric or wood somewhere in the dining room might help?The overhaul of the old Magnus is breathtaking, especially the bar. The place is beautiful and I think it's a great addition to the downtown scene.  I hope they work out the kinks and I'll be back regardless- the food's just that tempting.
4	In a land locked city such as Madison, there's reason to be skeptical of oysters.  But that said, the martinis served were iced to perfection, the oysters were delightful and offered a few varieties I'd not had before, loved the selection and the help from the staff.  Tried the scallops with a perfect sear and a fantastic bacon and apple bit sauce.  The decor is unique and feels hip and quaint at the same time.  Will be back to try more of the menu.
4	Full Disclosure: We're big fans of Henry Doan's other ventures. This one rates favorably with his other restaurants. I had the halibut cooked with capers and a savory sauce that was superb. My wife had the fish and chips. The fish was fabulous, but she's not a fan of shoestring potatoes (I like all potatoes and thought they were fine). We ate at the bar and were given excellent service. it's an attractive bar with a good beer and cocktail menu. We didn't try any wines, but I noticed a good selection of by-the-glass wines.
5	Disclaimer: I am a HUGE oyster fan and came into this restaurant with high expectations.  I wasn't disappointed!First thing's first. Oyster. Shots.  We tried the Willapa oyster shots, which were their version of bloody mary shots.  The bartender fished out huge oysters for us and plopped them in the bottom of the glasses.  Absolutely delicious.  The shots were a bit large and took a few gulps to finish, but were so delicious, I wasn't upset. They had a variety of other oyster shots that we didn't try,but am looking forward to in the future.Another thing not to miss are their specialty cocktails.  We came about an hour early just to have a drink at the bar and check out the new decor.  A pleasant and welcoming change compared to the set up when it was Magnus.  Everything is bright, and welcoming, but very romantic if you want to just have drinks before dinner.  Do not miss their specialty cocktail menu.  I am usually not a fan of any specialty cocktails.  They are more often than not a distraction and served watered down and too fruity.  This was not the case here!  They infuse their own vodkas and tequila with tasty and imaginative flavors.  I had the Awniker, which contained plenty of their jalapeno infused tequila, which added a wonderful amount of spice to contrast the passion fruit and honey liqueur.  I must also mention their drink menu heavily relies on Old Sugar Distillery products, which keeps a lot of their  menu local.   My boyfriend had the Keelhauler, which, with it's muddled cucumber, tasted almost like aloe juice.  Yum!  On to dinner.  I read reviews about the Fruits de Mer appetizer, and ordered it out of curiosity.  It was not a disappointment. The breading on the variety of seafood was light, and the cocktail sauce was delicious with a dollop of creme fraiche in the middle.  We honestly could have done with a bit more of it.  We only tried one kind of oyster.  Usually we avoid west coast oysters because of their smaller size, so we got the east coast oyster our server recommended.  Their oyster menu changes every other day or so, so just ask your server what they would recommend.  They were shucked well for the most part, but I did get a large piece of shell in one.  This can happen to even the best shuckers, though.  Our group was also very pleased with the main entrees.  Just as a warning, if you are interested in having a side with your meal, you must order it off of their a la carte menu.  Otherwise, the main event of the dish is all you get.  You won't be disappointed, though.  The star of our table was the Carpetbagger.  A beautiful piece of tenderloin, with a delicious beer sauce.  To top it all off, it was wrapped around beautifully cooked oysters, which made it incredibly decadent.  I got the marlin, which had a bit too much citrus for my taste, but I still enjoyed it because of the quality of the meat, and the tasty fried leeks on top, which were ample.  Another hit was the sturgeon, which came with a perfectly cooked egg and a MOUND of black caviar over the dollop (again!) of creme fraiche.  The halibut was also well cooked, but came with an awkwardly large bulb of roasted fennel that was a bit difficult to eat.We were so full after drinks, appetizers, and dinner that we skipped dessert, so no recommendations on that end.   Don't miss trying this wonderful new restaurant.  The only bad thing I have to say about it was that it was quite noisy.  I read reviews that where far more severe, but the noise was a bit distracting.  It is no noisier than Sardine, though, which is it's only competition for fresh oysters in Madison. It also got a bit too warm for some of our friends. But don't let the few bad things keep you from trying their amazing food.  5 stars.
3	I find Tempest a bit over average, the food is good but unremarkable.... I suppose if you want a 'good' meal than this is the place, I had higher hopes... I know the dining room is loud (it has been for years), I expected the service to be just over average (and it was)...  yet I was really hoping for some 'wow' dishes. We had the oysters (which were great but don't really rely on cooking), the cooked clams however were like leather, everything else was.... fine.... With honorable mentions to the trout which was really tasty, and the deserts which were yummy. Maybe I eat too much spicy food and am being unfair, but the only spice I got here was salt and a lot of it on everything.
4	I'm a recent transplant from New York and have been so happy with the great restaurants in Madison. My husband and I ate here last week and I'm still thinking about the food. First off: the ambience. Great space. Beautiful wooden boat upon entry, wonderful lighting, great industrial -- yet comfortable -- chairs. Music was excellent. A little contemporary, chill out, house-y sound. It was a sunday night and the mood was relaxed. The food: We started with the smoked fish platter and it was incredible. Wow. Trout, herring, whiting, a little caviar -- delicious. The Arugula Salad was fresh and wonderful. I had the trout for my entree, and the sage flavoring was sublime. My husband had the rabbit special and it was great as well. I will definitely be back... again... and again. Such a treat when you get excellent food and a great vibe. I should also mention that the staff is lovely. I read some other comments and it's tough for me to see the issues as I was there on a relaxed Sunday night. My experience was that service was good and if our server didn't know something, he did his best to go back and find out. I'm not too uptight about this stuff though if it's delivered by someone with a great attitude.
3	It was our first time here and we were pretty excited about trying it. Started off with some sparkling wine and the shrimp cocktail (the shrimp was great and the sauce was good too). Unfortunately there was about a 45 minute wait in between our appetizer and main course, which was a little crazy since it was a a quiet Tuesday night with not too  many people around. I got the Halibut and my lady got the Blue Marlin. My hailbut was a bit overcooked (which was a little crazy for $23) but  the Marlin was good, more like a tuna almost. I mentioned the overcooked Hailbut to the important looking lady when she passed by us and asked how things were, so she gave us a dessert on the house. We got the apple crisp, which was warm and delicious. Some missteps, but I'm willing to try it again.
4	I have to say I am a bit disappointed my first review was filtered by Yelp, but I went back last night to Tempest, and have more good things to say about them.We ate in the bar instead of the restaurant this time, and the noise level was actually quite manageable.  I love lobster rolls (have lived on the East coast and have traveled to Boston and the New England area) and I was not disappointed with theirs. I'm not sure if the recipe has changed since all of the bad reviews were written about it, but it was filled with perfectly cooked lobster meat.  Delicious.  It wasn't a traditional roll in the sense that it wasn't coated with mayonnaise and slopped on a hamburger bun (like street vendors in the New England area generally do) but it was very much like the high end lobster rolls I have gotten at places like Neptune Oyster Bar in Boston and the like.  The lobster is served on a butter toasted hoagie with a nice dollop of mayonnaise on the bun.  It was a perfect amount of fat, meat, and arugula.   The fries were also quite good that came with it, and the dipping sauce was nummer.  I have to admit that I wasn't a huge fan of the mussels.  Unfortunately, I am comparing it to Sardine's mussels, and none can ever compare.  The sauce was too salty and thick for my taste,  but the mussels were tender and debearded very well, so they were yummy.My friend got the fish and corn chowder, and we had to send it back.  Sadly, it was quite bland and she pulled about 4 fishbones out before she gave up and signaled the bartender.  Ah well, it was only a side, so I can't complain too much.All in all a very tasty dinner : )
3	I would probably give it 3.5 stars, first off.The decor is amazing and cool.  Love the bar.  It's fantastic.The reason for the downgrade, is that I found the food to be just ok.  My entree, the venison chop, was superb.  However, the 5 other dishes at our table, all seafood, were just ok.  I think the price paid for the entree justifies an exemplary meal, and it just wasn't there, in my opinion.And as someone else mentioned, it is LOUD.  The dining room was 1/2 full on the thursday night we were there and it was like a jet engine in there.
3	Fish cakes are good. Lobster roll was good. Great fancy bloody mary. Oysters are not any better than other places in Madison which isn't saying much. What I mean by this is that both times I tried the oysters here they were small, deflated and had at least 1-2 per dozen that were frankly unpleasant to eat. I love oyster shots but the oyster in the one I got did not taste fresh. Menu has nice variety. The bar and dining room are loud. I wish they would have considered acoustics on the re-design. When the place is crowded conversation is nearly impossible.I would never choose to go to this place over Osteria Popavero next door which always has outstanding seafood.
5	Fabulous! Had some East Coast Oysters- Great!  The little brown vinegary sauce that is served with them is so good. We saved it to dip bread and stuff in! ;)  But don't wreck the oysters by adding the sauce- they are great alone. 'Also had the white fish cakes- yum!I had the Marlin and tried the Halibut both excellent.  Everything was terrific.  Can't wait to go back.
4	Our group of 7 arrived and were quickly seated with no reservations being made.  We tried a couple of the seafood towers for appetizers.  These were an assortment of raw clams, oysters, shrimp, etc.  Overall, very delicious, though members of the party of preferences for the different types.Three of us ordered the yellowfin tuna.  We asked for rare but it came out more of a medium.  Still, it tasted wonderful.  The rest of the party seemed to enjoy their meals of salmon and crab legs.  The Tokyo Schooner was our drink of choice.  A very easy to drink to have again and again.For the Midwest, I thought they did an awesome job at serving fresh seafood for the price.
4	Had dinner with a largeish group on a Friday night recently.  Place is just as loud as the Magnus was but it was bearable.Ambiance was fun, sort of Red Lobster + Taste.The food was mixed with price not correlating to quality.  Shrimp cocktail was excellent.  We got a few of each variety of oysters not being very experienced oyster eaters.  All were pretty good, some quite good but every one of them had bits of shell all over the edge of the shell so most of them had grit mixed in even after wiping the shell off myself.  Only have had oysters a few times (including at The Magnus) and they always seemed cleaner shucked than this timeFor the main course I had the 15$ fish and chips thinking I'd be stuffed from the other stuff and not want anything too fancy.  It turned out to be the best part of the meal, I have not had such good fish fry anywhere!  Frites were nice and dark, fish perfect and breading flavorful but not too greasy/heavy.My wife had the lobster roll which was pretty good though her frites where white and undercooked.  Others in our party had the whole red snapper and it was excellent as well.So in general I'd say check the place out, but maybe not for the oysters.
5	Loved it, nice oyster selection present staff and good food. One suggestion bread needs to be served warm.
4	I ate dinner here twice when they first opened and thought it was good, but not spectacular.  However, my husband and I recently went back for happy hour and had a wonderful experience.  I am obsessed with their happy hour!   You can order a little of a lot of things and it's really fun.  Definitely get the scallops they are amazing!  I am really impressed with how this restaurant has come together!  Also their raw oysters are soo good, but the rockafeller aren't my favorite ( good, not great).
5	We went for their oyster happy hour.  It was early and pretty empty, but it's a great space.   We sat at the bar--the bartender was low-key and professional and made some fantastic martinis.  The oysters were well-priced and delicious.Just one tiny little request-- it would be nice if they wrapped the lemons in cheesecloth like they do at Graze so that seeds wouldn't pop onto the oyster.  That's a really tiny issue, though.  We were very impressed.
5	I came here during happy hour... and WOW am I impressed. We had at least one thing off of the happy hour menu and it was all DELICIOUS. Scallops, oysters, and smoked fish were just like having smaller portions of whatever was on the menu that day. You could pack yourself full of gourmet seafood for less than $20. We got a little carried away with cocktails so our bill was a bit more than I expected... but sometimes you gotta go with your gut -- literally. Who'd expect such great seafood in the middle of Madison?
2	I was at  Tempest on a Wednesday night with family. We were offered a seat in the bar for happy hour (since the specials don't apply in the dinning area) but passed it up because we wanted to enjoy a laid back seafood dinner in a more spacious seating area. My first complaint applies to the service. Every staff member we encountered seemed bored with their job and our waitress especially seemed like her mind was always elsewhere. She forgot drinks and side dishes but did not take responsibility for the errors. She would claim that we actually forgot to order that side of fries (flipping through her notepad to check) until someone else had to speak up and vouch that they had heard the potato request. A smile was hard to come by to say the least about the staff. My food was great, I had the yellowfin tuna steak. I had never had tuna steak before, so I was very nervous. It was crusted and delicious, I even ate the whole thing! The side dishes were fine, but spendy for one portion. My mother in-law also enjoyed her fish--trout, I believe. The men, however, were disappointed in their dishes. The Blue Marlin was EXTREMELY tough and the steak had nothing special going on. The flavor and consistency were completely forgettable. The Brussels sprout side came out black and crusty. We tried to eat them but they tasted like they had fallen into a campfire pit, so my boyfriend tried to point it out to our robot of a waitress who responded, "oh really? They taste burnt? *(yeah... they are black and don't resemble a vegetable in the slightest)* I guess... I can have the cook start you a new dish...?" Sure. thanks. The new dish (of course) came out after we were all finished eating which she apparently didn't notice, or decided not to comment on. She just dropped of the new bowl and walked away without clearing any of our empty dishes. No offer to take the $6 side dish off the bill. In my years as a server... well nevermind, I think you know what I'm getting at. We won't be back. I was actually surprised to see all the ultra positive reviews on here. Sounds like happy hour is the way to go at this place. I do appreciate that I had a good first experience with tuna steak! But Tempest is not worth the time, money, or attitudes from the employees. Adios.
5	I had heard mixed reviews about Tempest, but I am happy to report that my dining experience did not disappoint. Our server was incredibly knowledgeable about the menu and was wonderfully attentive. He really did not miss a beat.As far as the food, one of my dining companions had a sampler of the oysters and rated them at some of the best he has ever had. The one complaint I have is that they do not have a scallop or shrimp entree on the menu, which is rather disappointing. I ended up doubling the scallop appetizer for my meal, but found it was a little too sweet for my liking (prepared with apples, brandy, brown sugar, and bacon.) The three others I was with all ordered steaks (two bone-ins and one tenderloin) and all enjoyed their entrees. We had been on Lake Monona all day, so the nautical-themed atmosphere was fitting. I did not think Tempest was especially loud. It was perhaps louder than L'Toile or Muramoto, but certainly quieter than Great Dane or Old Fashioned. Perhaps that is a big noise level range, but I was surprised to read that other reviewers rated Tempest at 'Very Loud.'Overall, I thought Tempest was great. They succeeded in having a nautical-themed seafood restaurant NOT feel like a Red Lobster and the food and service was outstanding. I will definitely be back.
4	This is most likely the best and only acceptable place for seafood in Madison. If you're used to great and fresh seafood this place will meet your standards. The oysters were great but were noticeably different from the fresh oysters I am accustomed to, but I craved them so much I ordered another half dozen. I had the fish and chips and it was the second best fish and chips I ever had. Also ordered the red snapper, which I would highly recommended, its one of the best options on the menu.
4	Great food. Four of us had a tower, chowder, cakes, slaw, fresh lobster, mussels, real fish & chips. Would be 5 star but service was pokey.
5	Polite and freindly staff. Elegent atmosphere. Fantastic food and drinks. Perfect for small groups.
4	I was at Tempest with a group of friends the other night. We had a big meal -- oysters, two rounds of group appetizers, and entrees, with drinks. All and all it was a pretty lovely experience. Oysters were great and tasted fresh and the steamed mussels were probably the best I've had in Madison. The seafood chowder was tasty. The mixed drinks were by in large tasty; I had a 'Windjammer' (pretty good) and my gf had a 'Tokyo Schooner' which was excellent. The service was friendly and knew the menu pretty well considering it changes daily. I had the halibut for my main dish. The fish itself was disappointing -- it had been frozen so the kitchen insisted on cooking it well done, which gave it a tough texture and not much flavor. The vegetables with it, particularly the beets, were excellent.Highlight of the night was the brussel sprouts -- they were amazing. With the caramelized onions, they almost tasted like candy.I'll be going back, though mostly for their excellent veggies.
2	I've eaten at Tempest on two occasions. The first visit was at 10pm and we sat in the bar area.  It was slow in the bar and, although it was loud, service was good and the food was also very good.  Then, I visited last week for a dinner reservation at 8 pm.  We arrived a bit early and the wait staff told us our table would be a few minutes.  We asked if we could it in the bar until our table was ready. We specifically asked if they would let us know when our table was ready. The bar staff was helpful with our drinks.  At 8:30 we hadn't been seated and we asked about our table status.  The waiters we had seen go by were completely preoccupied with griping. The front desk attendant said, "Oh, we didn't realize you still wanted a table."  We ended up with a table close to 9 pm but then waited another 15 minutes until a waiter finally acknowledged us.  We ended up leaving at 9:15 without having dinner because we needed to get home to our children.  The waitstaff was completely unapologetic.  The moral of the the story is, if you go to Tempest, stick to the bar or a time when they are not busy because when they are full beyond half capacity, they lose the ability to keep track of their customers.  The food is good, but not good enough to compensate for the ambivalent wait staff, especially with Ocean Grill so close by
4	So very good! We started with the shrimp cocktail (your basic), oysters rockefeller (good) and several kinds of raw oysters (fresh and good). For our main courses we had the halibut, blue marlin, whitefish, and a seafood cassolet that was a special. All the entrees were very good. The brussel sprout side dish was fantastic, the hashbrowns were meh. Our waiter went out of his way to make the meal wonderful. First he was very kind and patient with our 12 yo son, going thru several of the dishes to help him find one that would suit his taste. He ended up having the whitefish and loved it. Secondly, he call our other son a cab at our request and let us know when it arrived to take him back to his dorm. Very nice service. The only drawback is that it was a little to dark in the dining room.  Overall very nice. We will be back.
5	If you like Seafood you have to add Tempest to your list.  I had an exceptional experience trying Tempest for the first time.  The Oysters were absolutely delicious.  They offer a variety of Oysters From both the East and West Coast.  They also have a selection of clams, mussels, and crab.  Make sure to get one of the towers of hand picked oysters, clams, mussels, and crab by the chef.  You will not be disappointed.  I had the tuna for my main course and it was truly exceptional.  I will definitely be back.
4	I cannot believe I've never been to Tempest before, but I suppose my first visit is better late than never.I arrived to Tempest at 7:00pm on a Thursday night and was confused a bit by the entryways... there were three entrances to choose from; from left-to-right they turned out to be: a service entrance for staff only, the dining room entrance/hostess stand, and the bar entrance.  A label or two might help avoid confusion.I was meeting someone at the bar, so I wandered to the far end of the long, butcher-block-topped, wine-bottle-based bar and grabbed a seat.  A friendly bartender immediately approached and offered both drink and food menus.  The tap selections are interesting and varied.My guest arrived and we placed two orders - a Bell's Two Hearted Ale and a Hopdinger.  After a few moments, we ordered the scallops appetizer (I wasn't brave enough to try an oyster... never had 'em before, and they still skeeve me a bit).The Tempest is loud - those looking for a quiet, intimate evening should look elsewhere.  There was a small-ish group of people hosting a farewell party in the bar, and while they weren't obnoxious by any means, the noise level was unreal.  Echo, echo, echo.The scallops were awesome, if not miniscule.  We received two half-dollar-sized scallops, which tasted great but were hardly fulfilling.  We decided to order entrees - seared yellowfin, salmon, and a side of asparagus.After a refill of the brews and a lot of great conversation (albeit at nearly a shout), our main courses arrived.  The tuna was excellent, as was the salmon.  Both were perfectly cooked and extremely flavorful.  The asparagus, on the other hand... it was, well, pathetic - matchstick thin, horribly overcooked, limp and definitely not worth $5.We continued to sit at the bar and chat, and before we left, decided we had to sample the upside down pear cake.  Within a few minutes, a massive upside down cake with an even more massive side of fresh whipped cream arrived.  We dug-in and it was heavenly.  Very well done.  We ate about half of it and called it good.Tempest = WINFood = 4 starsValue = 3.5 starsService = 4.25 starsMISC = 3 stars (noisy)Despite the noise, I will definitely be back, and I may even try an oyster.
1	A friend recommended we visit Tempest after visiting here with his co-workers. He just raved about it, so he and his fiance and I and my husband decided to try it out last Friday. The ambiance is wonderful and our waiter was nice at first. The drinks we had were superb and most of the seafood was beyond compare in Madison. However there were a few glaring mistakes that we just couldn't ignore, so I doubt that we will ever return to Tempest. 1 - I ordered the mussels as an appetizer and a few of them were still raw in the shells. Unfortunately I didn't find that out until I had already bit into one of them. The taste was so disgusting that I will be off mussels for awhile in general. Especially disappointing as there are several restaurants in Madison that do mussels well; I thought that a restaurant that touts its seafood would at least be able to cook them. I guess not. I didn't mention anything to the waiter; I hated to complain in front of the people my husband and I were with because they had talked up this restaurant so much. 2. My friend ordered a steak medium-well and it was served well-done. She sent it back and it arrived again medium-rare but by then she had cut into it and didn't want it to dry out if they "put it back on the grill" as the (uneducated) waiter had suggested. Pretty disappointing for a $30 steak, which, I might add, came with a size of mediocre fries and nothing else - no vegetables, no nothing. 3. Once my friend sent the steak back, the waiter had had it with us. He was nice up until then and the restaurant was not all that busy, but his attitude completely changed after she sent the steak back - which she was nice about and acknowledged that it was not the waiter's fault - but for some reason he took it personal. He had to be asked three times to bring her a drink, which he eventually brought at the end of the meal, when she no longer wanted it. I'm really sad to report this about Tempest because the food was good - the Oysters Rockefeller were the second only to Louisianne's as far as oysters in Madison go. The fruits-de-mer were so amazing that we ordered a second plate. The ambiance was wonderful and my drink was super tasty. But for a high-priced meal, Tempest failed for reasons 1-2-3. In any other situation, I would have asked for a manager but again, I didn't want to offend the other couple we were with who had been talking up the restaurant for a couple weeks. I'm not sure what happened to Tempest in the couple weeks between their great experience and our terrible one, but we will not be giving it another chance.
3	Hoorayy for my first yelp event ever! And a huge thanks to Tempest for hosting us. (: My two cents: Cocktails - sound good on paper, but I wasn't particularly impressed by my Batida or Tokyo Schooner. The bartenders pour with a heavy hand, so I still ended the night on quite a high note...but I guess I like my drinks tasting a little more like the mixers and a little less like the alcohol. Scallop - 5 stars. Self-proclaimed pescatarian? Not anymore! I just ate all the bacon on top...and I don't feel guilty at all!Oysters - Fresh, fishy, perfect. Gone way too quickly. Bar service is slow, but prices are reasonable during happy hour. I do think I will be back eventually to try their full menu!
3	Came here with a couple of friends for a Yelp event, and got to meet some pretty cool people.First off, the service was a bit slow. Then again, we had one waitress for a group of about 25 people, so that can be forgiven.The cocktails all sound very delicious and fancy, but really, most of them tasted like low tier alcohol + juice mixers. However, they are quite alcoholic, so I guess it's a good deal if you're paying by alcohol content. The food was delicious, and I got their happy hour specials of clams casino and fish cake. The fish cake was creamy and had a good balance of fish and patty. The clams casino was really juicy and the garlic gave it an extra kick. I'll provide a more in-depth review next time once I've had more of their menu.
3	There is a huge wooden boat when you walk in! Wicked. Also loved the huge sea shell in the bar area. Now just needs a mermaid to be sitting in it.If you want to get a taste of what they are like. I would recommending going during Happy Hour.$1.50 Oysters : $2.00 Shrimp Cocktail : $2.00 Fish Cake : $2.00 Rockefeller : $2.50 Scallop : $3.00 Smoke Stack$5.00 Specialty Cocktails : $3.50 Rail Cocktails : $1.00 off all tapsThe rockefeller was o.k. But the smoke stack stole the show with layers of whitefish salad, lox, trout, caviar, and horseradish cream.Serves was slow. Was in a group of 15-20 and only gave us one server and it seemed that she also had tables for dinners in the dining room too. Drinks were not strong and too sweet for me. The Bosun's Whistle was a fun twist with dill vodka. I got no heat from the jalapeno tequila in the Awniker.Didn't get dinner but may return when/if craving seafood. Always wanted to try soft shelled crab and they do have that when in season.
3	I agree with Ariel W. all the way around. Great happy hour specials, especially in Madison where I have yet to find an awesome happy hour.The smoke stack was amazing! Especially for $3, totally worth it. Order two! The oysters were good, many varieties available. Service was extremely slow...perhaps they expected fewer patrons on a Tuesday night, but we sat with empty glasses for at least 20 minutes, waiting to order a second drink and food (first drink was ordered from the bar). Nevertheless, I'll give the Tempest a second chance. If they expand their happy hour food offerings and hire a few more servers, this could be a regular go-to happy hour spot.
4	I have never had a bad time at this joint! Can be romantic or fun in large groups! Best happy hour for food/drinks. The raw oysters are great. The scallops are to die for and I'm a big fan of the smokestack... I have to say the last dinner I had there the sturgeon wasn't the greatest but I had had it before and it was really good so it may have been a fluke... can get pricey for dinner but the happy hour is a great deal! Specialty drinks do not disappoint! I really enjoy this place! Do NOT miss the oyster shots with various infused vodkas/tequila.
3	We visited Tempest on a quiet Sunday evening.  The redecorating from the previous warm tones of Magnus to the cool, watery blue interior is very attractive and they have opened up an interior wall that had blocked off a small, separate room in the previous incarnation.  Very well done.  Our waiter seemed to have a heck of a time keeping straight what order went to which diner even though we were his only table and there were only four of us.  Yes, you're good-looking, son, but at some point you are going to have to learn a skill or two.  The shrimp in the shrimp cocktail were huge and perfectly cooked.  Not much heat evident from the horseradish in the shrimp sauce, even after stirring.  The Fruits de Mer suffered from overly heavy breading.  I had the fish and corn chowder, which was good but not exceptional, and the lobster roll.  I liked the lobster roll a lot and didn't mind that it did not mirror every other lobster roll I had ever had.  My husband had the skirt steak, which was overly salty.  Our friends had the whitefish, which was excellent.  We tried two desserts, a custard and a chocolate-caramel tart, both of which were outstanding.  Overall I felt Tempest would have difficulty standing out in a crowded Madison restaurant market.  There are too many great places to go here to use up limited time and money on a place that's not trying that hard.
4	Wonderful little seafood treasure in downtown Madison.  The oysters were fresh, chilled, and came with an awesome house sauce to drizzle on top.  So happy we have this in a city full of fried cheese curds and burgers.Happy hour is def something you should hit up.  The smoke snack is a tower of seafood goodness with layer after layer of wonderful fish.  Loved the scallop with pancetta.  Meaty, perfectly cooked, I'm getting that again!Service is a wee slow, so take your time eating and enjoy yourself!  Don't be afraid to raise your hand and ask for what you need.
5	I decided to take my mom, visiting from DC, to Tempest for happy hour. It was a great choice! We sat at the bar for drinks and apps. I had an Ale Asylum brew (always a good choice), while my mom had a well-made martini. We made a meal out of the small plates: oysters, shrimp and the sublime smokestack. All the seafood was fresh, the oysters were excellent, shrimp were huge and well-prepared, and that smokestack was to die for! The place was pretty quiet on a Monday evening. Talked to the manager, who was very friendly and interested in our input. I look forward to going back! May even drag my husband in, now that I know they have meat dishes, too.
5	After an incredible dinner at Tempest Oyster Bar, I finally have a favorite restaurant in Madison.This was the best fish and seafood meal we have had in years.We started with cocktail and the mussels, followed by salads ( the arugula and caesar) then had the tuna and flounder.This is the place for fresh and yummy food.A great basket of crusty bread and some vegetables were set on the table as soon as out drinks arrived. A nice touch that so many restaurants have forgotten.Our waiter was wonderful.The Friday night fish fry looked yummy as well.What a treasure.Our new go to place in Madison for friendly service and perfect food!
1	You can serve me terrible food.You can mix me a crappy cocktail. Your ambiance can fall flat. You can even charge me more than I want to pay.But take note Tempest (and really any other business in Madison and beyond) you can't be complacent. I mean you can, but I will not patronize your business nor will I recommend it. When you turn the lights on, polish flatware and open your doors you are entering into an agreement with those that are coming to spend money that you want their business. But after 4 visits and an event that I unfortunately brought 28 people out for, you have done nothing to make me think you a. want my business, b. care to make money. So I have to ask... why show up to work? Tonight was the last straw. My friend and I were sitting at the bar for ten minutes before someone came over not to ask us what we wanted to drink or to show us menus, but to stand there. To stand there and look at us blankly until we asked if happy hour was still going on. He said yes and lobbed the conversation back our way, didn't go over the happy hour specials of which there are many. I felt terrible for suggesting we grab light bites and drinks to this friend who had never been to Tempest. *flash forward*I'm not eating sugar right now and the brown sugar sauce that tops their scallops is entirely too sweet, so I asked for seared scallops with the bacon lardons that typically top the dish but not the sauce. I explained if the kitchen wasn't interested in accommodating my request and leaving the sauce out, I'd find something else. Surprise, the scallops came out with the cloyingly sweet sauce and this is how the next few moments went:BARTENDER: Yeah, I said just the scallops and lardons, so maybe they can't separate the lardons from the sauce? COREY: Ok, well I don't eat sugar, so I can't really eat these, there's no way to get just seared scallops, no sauce?BARTENDER: I mean, that's what I asked for, so I guess they can't do it. Did you want these? (I'm sort of fuming at this point)COREY: No, I mean I can't do the sugar so....BARTENDER: They'd be on the house.GO TO THE KITCHEN AND SAY THESE CAME UP WRONG, CAN YOU SIMPLY SEAR SCALLOPS AND PUT BACON ON THEM? What's the challenge here? *flash forward some more*Drinks went empty, food was eaten, and it took forever to catch someone's eye to get refills or order more. Why? Because it was more important for a gaggle of servers to talk with the bartenders about what a proper wine pour looks like. I counted 5 at one point staring at the same glass of white wine, then repeating this behavior 15 and 25 minutes later. So detail oriented.Last up, the gent that cases the joint, a manager I assume, does laps around the restaurant every time I've been there, but never asks how we're doing. And that's really the crux of my issue. I know full well a business can't be 100% "on" 100% of the time, we all have bad days. But when leadership at the top has no vested interest in how people spending hard earned money feel about their establishment, that trickles down, and I want no part of it. There are plenty of restaurants in town that serve seafood by people who are interested in striking up conversation, making menu recommendations and righting wrongs that may occur when things go awry in the kitchen. I'll go to those places, a giant wooden boat and tea lights don't do it for me.
4	Doesn't everyone like a great "Happy Hour?"My beautiful fiance and I stopped by for a Happy Hour with the United Way Rosenberry group and we had a great time. Neither of us had ever been here before and it was very nice. The atmosphere was warm and welcoming, the bar staff were attentive....and THE OYSTERS were the bomb!!!They have fresh, fresh, seafood and the menu changes daily - not much for the vegetarian of the family but plenty for me :) Did I mention the fresh seafood and OYSTERS!As we only stayed for a few drinks and oysters that is all that I can comment on at this time but I will definitely be back for the full meal sometime soon.
5	Revisited with some new friends for dinner, we were not disappointed! My wife recommends the surf and turf burger, shrimp placed on top of a burger. I had the tuna and it was amazing. The shrimp and grits were also enjoyed.We also ordered a tower of oysters, shrimp and clams. The oysters were incredible.-original review- I had the occasion to visit tho establishment for a post holiday get together. I honestly was not expecting much as good seafood is very difficult to find in mid-America. I was very surprised and pleased with their raw oysters. Very great and of high quality. Their fried oysters were incredible, I can only assume that they are using the fresh oysters for these as well. The fried oysters melted in my mouth. The other items were also very good and they seem to be using quality ingredients.While our group only had appetizers and drinks that evening, I would return for the oysters alone. I do intend to make a return visit sometime soon for dinner and shall hopefully have equally high praise then.
5	What a great place! The remodel from when it was the Magnus is beautiful. The staff was super knowledgeable and nice. The happy hour seafood specials were great too. $2 huge shrimp, $4 scallops that were some of the best I've had, $1.50 oysters & more! I'm hungry again just writing about it.  My mom & I had lobster for dinner & my dad had the carpetbagger steak. All awesome & prices are expensive, but reasonable for what you're getting. We all had specialty drinks that were very good too. The brussel sprouts were great too. The fish chowder was just mediocre. If you're a seafood lover, this restaurant is for you!
5	Drank and dined in the bar only:Best warm lobster roll in Madison. I've tried the mussels, burger & chips, and cocktails. All are great. The bartender took great care to prepare the drinks and was very friendly to me and my wife. I highly recommend this place for seafood and drinks.
4	Tempest took over the location of one of my favorite hang out place, Magness. My man and I used to hang out there for live music and I'm so glad Tempest has recently taken that up to in the fancy seaside bar of theirs! I must say that Tempest is one of few places where seafood is fresh and great!! Most of the dishes are delicate and aesthetically designed.Some of my favorite dishes are Carpetbagger - fresh oysters stuffed in a steak, making the steak so sweet, and yet not overcooking the steak!!! I also like the appetizers like the broiled oysters, scallops, fruit de mare. They recently had soft shelled crabs, probably the only place in town!!!!!The venue is really big, so there's really spacious seating. But do call before heading over on the weekend.However, there's only street parking. So best of luck! If you don't mind paying, it's on the same block as the parking garage by the Hilton!
4	We had a wonderful time. Great atmosphere, live music and delicious food.
5	We came to this place to have a birthday dinner.We had a great cocktail shrimp and fruits de mer as our appetizers. The latter came in a huge portion but so good. Tho it's cocktail, the waiter confirmed no alcohol involved. I guess the name is coming from the appearance. Maybe. Out tips: If you wanna save some money but still want to have some delicacy, the appetizer is more than enough.Ps. We brought our main dishes home as we were still full from the appetizer.
4	Not inexpensive. But good seafood typically isn't.  The oysters were excellent!  Drinks were unique and well made (but how could you run out of dill vodka on a Saturday evening (early)?). The food overall was very very good.  The service started out good but then completely broke down between the oysters and the salad course.  Took FOREVER to get food out of the kitchen after the oysters. Not sure what happened there.  But, I am willing to forgive if a one time glitch. The food and drinks more than made up for it. Terrific Caesar salad crispy cold and perfectly dressed.  Warm lobster roll was delish and bountiful.  Halibut main was very unique and perfectly cooked (not largest portion i've seen, but very very good).
4	I can't believe I have not been to the Tempest.  They've been open quite awhile but to tell the truth I had forgotten that the former business was no longer there.  You can tell I pay attention to downtown restaurant changes.  Well that is why I like to take advantage of Restaurant Week, which is what we did summer 2013.  We chose Tempest.  We ordered the Blue Marlin and the Salmon and both were delicious.  Hated to see the bottom of my plate.  The presentation was great very nice.  The bar has changed and they have a big boat in the lounge area.  We sat in the dining room however it looks like they have a decent sized outdoor seating area.  The deserts were scrumptious.  I ordered some raw oysters and really liked them.  We were told they came in fresh the same day and they sure tasted like they did.  The happy hour looks very tempting for oyster pricing and other fun specials.  The bar is fun and has been rearranged.  Give it a go if you like dining from the sea.  We did not participate in the fun drinks because it was a "school" night but looked like there were some fun choices.
4	Nice, very nice.  I did not expect to find a really good seafood restaurant in Madison, much less one that serves a good variety of oysters.  Needless to say, I was pleasantly surprised.  Nice atmosphere, there is an enormous wooden boat as soon as you walk in.  Dining outside was a bit dicier; there was enormous spider web and an enormous spider in its web on the window right next next to our table.  Anyway, small minus in retrospect as the food was excellent.  Oysters and clams were outstanding.  My dish was a play on the classic fish fry.  I never had Blue Gill before but I found it quite tasty and still delicate after a perfect cornmeal fry.  An excellent Key Lime pie topped off what was an excellent meal.  Highly recommend if you are in the area.
4	Great oysters, fun scene, above average service; a bit over-priced for what it is.  Also, I wasn't blown away by the drinks, but they did have great variety.  overall a good time.
4	fresh & delicious clams in the Midwest? I am in!! Very good food.... a bit pricey but not completely out of control...... we had a fabulous meal and will be back and will hope that our server is better next time!
2	Went there with my wife and a friend.  Wonderful building, well maintained.  I can't say enough good things about the staff.  Friendly, courteous.  and skilled.  Our waitress was awesome, taking care of our every need.The problem with this place is that the food is very so-so, especially for the price. Really disappointing considering the good reviews on Yelp. The special cocktails for the most part were terrible, especially the Bosun's Whistle.  That being said the bloody mary with the dill vodka was good. . Every oyster had shards of shell in it, not unusual for a place so far away from the sea.  For the money, there are better places to go in Madison.Too bad, the staff and building are wonderful.
4	Romantic, yet ok with friends as well, unusual, great food...if you want to go to Red Lobster, please do. However, if you want an experience, a conversation over great food, then this is the place. And the best snackie thingies, hands down, in the square area after work. Good beers on tap.
1	I hate writing this because I want them to succeed, but the dinner we had at Tempest the other night was awful. We've gone there several times but this hit a new low.The mussels were good but the "sauce" was way over salted (and we like salt!). The relish tray was a nice touch. Our dinners, too, were way over salted. I had the blue marlin which at least was edible. My husband had the halibut  and it was horrible. Mushy, oddly "breaded" and way too salty. Our waiter was nice and had a cute sense of humor. Unfortunately, when we told him about the over-salted food he said that was good to know yet did nothing else. We even gave him back a partially eaten, mostly not, plate of halibut and he didn't react. I did not want to make things difficult for him but I was surprised that he was not empowered to make things right. It just felt funny.I hope they read this and it helps them see why they had between 50-75% capacity on an otherwise active night in Madison.
3	I love the way the bar looks. If you haven't seen it, come see it. Hundreds of wine bottles stacked together underneath a smooth light wood bar. Subdued art deco and that shiny backbar. It's beautiful.I sit in the middle of the bar and order a warm rum drink, a lobster bisque, and a carpetbagger. I've met a lot of the staff here, so they were fairly casual with me, but I wish they had steered me in a better direction with my orders.The warm rum cocktail was totally fine with the horrible weather we've been having, but the bisque was pretty moderate. Bisques are heavily seasoned creamy crustacean soups, and while the bisque wasn't as hot or seasoned as I'd have liked (I want my bisque to be heavily salted and seasoned and gluttonous in general), the real offenders were the burnt capers and overdone bits of lobster. Now, I get that Wisconsin folks can be scared of seafood, but they're lobster! Figure out just how much to cook them before throwing them in hot soup and it's amazing.A hip mixed couple sat down next to me at the bar. The man was a berret wearing Jewish gentlemen that kept company with a Japanese woman wearing legwarmers. We had a really good conversation.The steak arrived mid conversation. I was kind of stunned with the presentation. Carpetbag steaks are oysters and steaks put together. Tldr carpetbag steaks are opulence for your mouth. What was on the plate was a 12 inch kabob through my 8oz tenderloin on top of a thin brown sauce. It didn't look rich which is a problem especially when it doesn't taste rich. I immediately tried ordering the scalloped potatoes (which I know are amazing), but I was told they were out. Hilariously when my chef buddy showed me the kitchen, there they were. I tried ordering anything *fast* so I could keep my meal going, but neither bartender knew what was quick. I ended up with hash browns.Jazz starts. Dim yellow lights and shadows bounce around the contours of the giant sea shell at the end of the bar. Of course it's Wisconsin and they end their set with a birthday shout out.My friends came and we sat and talked. Chef buddy from before is interested in food and we chatted a lot - especially about that carpetbagger. He agreed with me on p much all points. I probably could have complained my way to something else on the menu, but that wasn't really my goal. My other friend came and she ordered an Awniker and a smoke stack. Along with the Oyster Burger, those two are my go tos.What's really funny is that while this review sounds pretty negative, I still like the place. It's really easy to discredit the ambiance, and conversation, and music. It's really easy to focus on my bad experience even though that Oyster Burger is maybe my favorite in Madison. To be honest, this review is just a long writeup about the small things that keep this place from being great.
5	Wonderful. I've enjoyed many Madison restaurants and my overall (and first) experience at Tempest has outshined almost all of them. The food was amazing, the atmosphere was unique, and the service was fantastic. Everyone was perfectly polite, attentive, and timely. If you have the opportunity to visit during or outside of Restaurant Week, I highly recommend. Thanks for a great evening!
4	I love the decor of Tempest -- they picked a theme and committed to it. I always feel fancy walking in, even though there's still a laid back vibe. Is mermaid-y an adjective? I've only been here for drinks, and have been lucky enough to walk in whenever there was live music. The music is incredible when they have it, the kind of incredible that makes you stop and look around to see if anyone else is appreciating it the same way you are.  Our group of 5-7 can usually find seats pretty quickly, not to say that it's empty. The drinks are pretty forgettable, except for this one passion fruit one, and the oyster shots. We tried three different flavors and they were surprisingly tasty. Where else can you get a snack and a drink in one?
4	We went to Tempest during winter restaurant week.   There were so many choices but my husband was all over the blue marlin on the menu.After a very wintery walk...it was -5 degrees that night, the entrance was warm and inviting.  We were a little confused walking into the bar/waiting area.  We didn't realize that the actual bar the past the drapes.  I don't think that's the Tempest's fault but I was intimidated.  That's my own thing.We thought the reception area was too small and crowded.  However, we were seated quickly and in the main dining area. The ambiance was warm and stale.  We were served quickly and the food was delightful.  The she crab soup was delicious but sweet.  My salmon was perfect and the blue Merlin was seared to perfection.  You know, there are so many restaurants in Madison.  Tempest is an oyster bar which is foolish is Wisconsin.  However, there was a couple eating a stack of oysters and it look delicious.  And they looked happy.I'd go back.
4	I've been to Tempest twice now and enjoyed both experiences.  The service was welcoming and attentive, we were seated immediately and checked on just the right amount during our meals.  The she crab soup was delicious, with chunks of real crab in light tomato cream base that doesn't overpower the flavor of the crab.  The shrimp and scallops in the shrimp, scallop, and pork belly dish were perfection.  The pork belly, while good, was too much - I'd have preferred a smaller piece with more shrimp or scallops.  The decor is simple, but fits the nautical theme well without being campy.  Oysters and cocktails are a nice addition to a good meal.  Overall I highly recommend Tempest.
4	Stumbled upon as I was looking for a special dinner to celebrate my wife's birthday while we were in town for a conference. What a find! First, the room is really understated beautiful. The tones from dozens of candles against the barreled ceiling creates a warm and comfortable room. Service was top notch from a helpful and knowledgeable server who delivered the perfect amount of attention. We stared with oysters (of course) which were fantastic. Entrees were cooked perfectly and what a nice surprise to see Marlin on the menu. You must try the brussel sprouts!! Wish we had time to sit at bar and enjoy the place more....next time for sure.
5	My boyfriend and I ate at Tempest during Restaurant Week in January. It was, hands down, the best restaurant we visited that week. We shared the smoke stack and the shrimp and grits (which also included scallops and pork belly). The food was AMAZING, the service was excellent.  Highly recommended.
2	The food was good at first. Happy hour is a great deal! I had high hopes for this place when I arrived with my friend. We got here a half hour before our party of six and so headed to the bar for cocktails. The high sea is a good drink. Good atmosphere. Those are the only positives I have about this place. What made this place a two and borderline one star was the service. It was INCREDIBLY slow! Also-happy hour doesn't apply to the seated area-only the bar. I was shocked. It took an hour to get out our food... We asked for our check as soon as the food came because we were running late to our nine o clock trivia. (We sat at our table at 6:45 and ordered at 7:15/20). We got our food at 8:41-I checked the time. Absolutely unacceptable service here. Would not recommend it. Sardine is a much better place to get food and better service by far. And the guy mixed up our receipts. Horrible service.
3	Went for my birthday in 2013.  This place did a good job on the food, but the service is poor and I will tell you why.  We had a table of seven and were charged 18% gratuity automatically.  They had nothing on the menu for a toddler and when we asked for noodles, we had to switch to eggs.  I'd never return with a group, but might with just my wife to the bar for oysters.  The server was aloof and disconnected to a customer dropping 300 on a meal.  And the idea noone brings a 3 yo to dinner came from?  Three stars is a gift earned by the line cook.
5	5 stars just for the AMAZING interior.Other things that are wonderful about this place: - Tasty oysters - great happy hour specials - the mussels are different from any I've tried before, and in a good way- very light sauce. Oh and they are served with fire grilled bread :)Definitely a place to visit in Madison (there are very few of those, so, you don't have an excuse not to)
5	Some thoughts:It's dark, with little tea-light covered trees. Everything is champagne colored. It has a romantic ambiance, although many of the tables were groups of friends and not couples. Our waiter looked like Joaquin Phoenix, so that was pretty fun. The crusty homemade bread was excellent. Bring on those carbs.We ate a huge pile of oysters, from little baby ones to intimidating sea-monster-sized ones. The Smoke Stack was (a) stacked, obviously, and thus super trendy and fun and (b) full of flavors! So many flavors! Not for the faint of heart. I liked it.For dessert, I had pear upside down cake that looked like a brain and tasted awesome. Yum, brainzzzz!There's a big boat in the lobby. Why? Because boat.
4	I am teetering between 3 and 4 stars due to slow service and the shrimp. I came here on a Tuesday night after reading yelp reviews. I was a bit hesitant as Madison isn't close to any ocean, but it had great reviews.I came for happy hour as recommended and they have a great little menu. I got a drink from their cocktail menu with vodka and it was a bit sour due to the grapefruit, but it was a heavy pour. Then I settled on the scallops ($4 each), 6 oysters ($1.50 each) and three shrimp cocktail ($1.50). I figured if I was still hungry I could order more. But it took about 20 minutes just to get that order in, so I wasn't able to order more before happy hour ended.The scallops were very good. They were cooked perfectly with bacon and a fruit compote. The oysters were very good. I ordered two different kinds and was given the traditional fixings with them. Again, these were great. Then came time for the shrimp cocktail and I was disappointed in these. They were rubbery and looked very old (tinged with brown and smelt fishy). Everything was great except the fish. I wanted to order a smoke stack, but time ran out.Overall, it was a good experience and I would come again. Just be prepared for a bit of a wait.
4	Big fan of the scallops, and the French wine selection pairs well with any entree. Great place to take visiting family from out of town for a nice meal.
2	My mistake for ordering a dozen oysters in Wisconsin.  I got the #2 tower and the shrimp were the best part.  The crab legs were not very succulent and almost seemed like they had been frozen for too long; the meat was a little mushy.  The oysters seemed OK going down, but I had terrible food poisoning later that night as my body rid itself of all of them.I love seafood so I will probably try it again, but next time I'll stay away from the oysters.Two stars because it has a great atmosphere.
4	The first time I went here, I was with someone who didn't like raw or chilled seafood. So I ordered a cooked dish with her -- it was solidly good. But then I came back with my husband and got the seafood tower, which is what I had really wanted. We shared 3 tiers and it was full-on great! It transported me back to Le Coupole in Paris where I first tasted this treat. Absolutely light, refreshing and so tasty. So many restaurants are in a race to see who can out-pork-fat, out-deep-fry, out-charcuterie, out-cheese-curd each other -- I don't want to eat that way every time I go out! THIS is what I want!
4	Cute place. Food was yummy. One strange thing... They delivered steak and potatoes first and then 5 minutes later, out came our Brussels sprouts.  Service could have been better and woman hostess could have been nicer.
4	I loved their restaurant week menu! I had the caesar (which was great and good caesars are hard to come by) the shrimp and scallops and grits, which were awesome and the key lime pie.  I was pretty full by the time dessert came around but had a couple bites and it was good.  Our server was super knowledgeable and guided us through our oyster order and they were awesome!  Only reason for 4 stars and not 5 was that courses were very slow.  Had I not had an excellent dinner companion I would have been antsy.  I will definitely be back for happy hour soon.  I also loved the new decor much more than when it was Magnus.  Felt much brighter and lighter.
5	She Crab Soup- 5 out of 5 starfishThe she crab soup was loaded with meat, topped gracefully with fish eggs, and bursting with flavor. Perfect appetizer, we couldn't wait to see what would come out of the kitchen next. Marlin with Pesto Crust- 5 out of 5 starfishI was living on the edge when I ordered this exotic, new fish, and I am very pleased with my life choice. The marlin was cooked well, cut easily with the fork. The pesto crust and lime aioli topped this entree off. Hanger Steak- 5 out of 5 starfishThe waitress told us that the hanger steak is a top notch shoulder cut, and top notch it was. The steak was sliced and spread over oyster mushroom ragout. It tasted like heaven on a platter. The meat cut with ease and was so juicy and flavorful. And the mushrooms were great too. (Also made for great leftovers the next day.)Key Lime Pie- 4 out of 5 starfishVery classic key lime pie in generous portions. Spot on graham cracker crust and refreshing whipped topping. Chocolate Pecan Tart- 3 out of 5 starfishVery rich. Intense chocolate top protecting a gooey pecan goodness inside. The graham cracker crust was lined with a chocolate layer and very difficult to break through (although a lack of upper body strength may be attributing to the success of eating the dessert).Nautical theme set the mood. There was a boat right inside. The bar wall was colorfully designed and decorated with wine bottles. Quite lovely and date night material.
4	I really enjoy the food at Tempest. The oysters and scallops are delicious. The drink menu is filled with tasty concoctions. I loved the complementary pickled vegetables served before our meal when we have eaten there. Service was generally in the not remarkable to pretty good range. However, I went for happy hour (which is really a great deal) and had a fairly negative experience there. Erin, our server, seemed not only not pleased to be there , but actively was openly irritated with us. We were patient and only made simple requests and did not complain about any of the food. She acted annoyed while we asked for an extra chair, needed split checks between three couples and ordered half a dozen more oysters. I was really disappointed in this level of establishment. I hope it improves.
2	We tried Tempest for brunch and while the food was good, the service was abysmal.  My partner works in the service industry and we are usually very forgiving of stressed staff.  But Tempest was not even busy!  There were maybe ten tables in the entire restaurant-- dining room, bar, and cocktail lounge.  We waited nearly 20 minutes for our order to be taken, and then another 20 before the pot of tea we ordered arrived.  My partner had somewhere to be an hour and a half after we arrived-- we figured this would be plenty of time for brunch.  An hour into our visit, the waiter and host offered a few apologies for the wait and the server once told us it would be just a few more minutes.  Twenty minutes later, my partner had to go.  He asked for his food in a to-go container and I stayed behind to wait for it.  Fifteen minutes later, the food arrives. (95 minutes after we set foot in the restaurant!)  I had ordered an omelet and my partner a salad.  The server brought the food, the host brought the to-go containers and set them on the table.  One meal was comped and I immediately handed over cash to pay.  I sat and ate my omelet, packed up my partner's food, and my change never arrived.  Granted, it was less than $1 in change, but after all the waiting, that should have been speedy.  No waiters were in sight  to ask after it so I left.  The food was fine, but we definitely won't be back.
3	Right off the bat: this review is coming from someone who's not a big seafood guy. That being said, I was pleasantly surprised here. Drinks are not bad and their cocktail menu is decently inspired. I ordered the Marlin which was actually quite good. Decor of the place is a bit confused: I really want to like the big boat when you come in and sea-inspired pieces, but it just doesn't come off quite right. Everything feels like individual pieces decorating a white blank room, almost like a eating in the middle of an underfilled art gallery. Overall though, we enjoyed ourselves.
5	Everyone has to visit here for BRUNCH! It's almost the weekend. I came here for about 3 weeks in a row. If you like seafood, this is the place to be. Also, I expect you should visit before everyone starts to flood this place like every other brunch place in Madison. Don't you wish you had a quiet place to go to for brunch, with delicious delicious food?Don't expect much service here. I tend to overlook it for the one and only place where you get seafood brunch! And good quality and delicious brunch indeed.What do I like here?Crabcake benedict - delicious real crab meat, not minced into tiny tiny bits. the hollandaise sauce is so good I can't get enough and need to ask for another tub of it...Lobster mac and cheese - are you serious? Thank you for the entire lobster pincer and another half pincer. It is not chopped into tiny pieces, excuse me, it is an ENTIRE PIECE OF LOBSTER. the mac and cheese is delicious and not overly cheesy or creamy. If you had a small appetite like me, be prepared to bring home leftovers, which still taste really really good. Also, get the rosti for side! the rosti is one of the best potatoes I've had in Madison for brunch. love the crispy crust on one side but actual potatoes on the other.
4	Wow... EXCELLENT seafood. I don't like oysters so I can't speak for the oysters but I did have several other types of seafood that were all amazing. The mussel appetizer comes with a lot of mussels that are so delicious you will want to gobble them up in 2 minutes. For the main I ordered the shrimp, scallops, and grits. Don't expect grits- it's more like a sauce/paste, but the shrimp is tasty and the scallops melt in your melt like butter! It also includes a large piece of pork that is possibly one of the tastiest pieces of pork I've ever had. I would come here and order the same thing again if I revisit the area. It looks spooky from outside but it's a nice ambiance inside.
4	Such a lovely spot.  Great for going out with a small group or for a first date.  Intimate yet not packed in.  Can make a great drink.  Probably should like oysters and seafood, just in case you hadn't caught on.
5	Wow!I took my fiancee here to celebrate. We have lived in Madison for a long time but have only recently started getting adventurous with all the great food available. The interior of the restaurant has a very cool nautical theme. We arrived early, at the very start of service, so we had the dining room to ourselves for at least a little while. Our server was very attentive, knowledgeable and kind. We tried a lot of new things and he was always willing to help out. We started with some cocktails--I had a very sweet whiskey drink and she had some kind of warm red wine. Neither one was probably something we would regularly order but very good nonetheless. We also had some oysters, obviously. It was our first time and the waiter did a good job of helping us pick them out. Very fresh and flavorful. We have been converted. We then moved onto our appetizer--steamed mussels in some kind of butter and wine sauce. Again, very good. Perfectly cooked and seasoned. My fiancee, who had never had them, was converted once again. For our entree, we both had the shrimp, scallops and grits. Very artfully presented, with pork belly and some kind of yummy sauce. I had a local Pale Ale with the dinner. We ended with a key lime pie.All in all it was an unforgettable meal. Service was great and food was great. Definitely one of the best meals I've had in Madison.
