5	My fiance and I happened to stop by this place near by Palms Casino. We did not think much about it and just wanted a quick sushi meal. The price was pretty decent (around $8-$15 per dish) but we had to go for an all you can eat deal since it would be a better deal for us and it sure was! The server was very friendly and provided us with a great service with a big smile on his face. He recommended us with all these great dishes that were on the menu. The food were incredibly awesome!! The chef is a truly master chef! Every dish that came out was a piece of art! He greatly dedicated his time and his master sushi chef skills in making our food looks to pretty and artsy. We were blown away by his creativity and his fast cooking skills.Conclusion:At the end I would definitely recommend all my friends and family to try out this new all you can eat sushi restaurant. It is a great bang for the buck$$!All you can deal$25-29.99 (forgot the price) but it is for sure under $30add $10 more for all you can drink (sake, beers)
5	Was told about this place from the most reliable food connoisseur I know in this town... Brad B. (his review is below).  Once he told me that he thought that this was better than the place that we normally endulge, the hubby and I knew that we had to check it out. Both times that we've been the sushi has been amazing, the staff has been extremely friendly, and most impressive, **high** quality AYCE sushi bar, which didn't exist until now. Has definitely become a top pick on our list for sushi night choices.
4	This place use to be KAIZEN... changed owners and one of the chefs from kaizen took over. He goes by AJ. this is my first time trying AYCE sushi at this place, i usually dont like AYCE, but this place was outstanding! the quality of the fish and presentation was EXCEPTIONAL compared to most AYCE sushi.. i ordered almost everything on the AYCE menu. LOL jk. just about tho..my favorite rolls were the SALMON KILLER, SNOW WHITE, and u must try the seared ahi tuna with AJ special sauce... that was bomb! there wasnt one thing that i ordered that wasnt good.... i give this place an A+!! so far... AYCE restaurants usually start off REALLY good then they start to get cheap on you... so i hope this place stays good and doesnt crash..
5	Wow~ most modern fusion authentic fantastic Sushi ever! I'm not big fan of AYCE but Umiya's AYCE menu is so bomb! I had all special rolls such as Alex Special (Rice paper wrapped cabbage + Tuna + Vegi) it's awesome! Also, Eric's Special (Chef choice assorted fish with soft shell crab) yum yum! In my opinion Chef Eric Lee has best decoration in LV! How could he make butterfly in front of me with variety of Vegi that is so colorful~^^ Love his butterfly~ BTW Chef Peter's Peter Pan roll was so fresh with mangos that gives combination of fruits with sushi. I have tried other sushi restaurant's mango roll but can't compete... Furthermore, the service is outstanding where servers gives big smile with chef + server singing & dancing "Gangnam Style" to make place party rock dance floor! Overall, Price :  acceptable & reasonable that no specials or items over $20. Decor: very modern Asian feeling+ full bar! Fish Quality: top 5 freshness in LV (my opinion) , Service: AKA big smile dancers with great customer service. I would definitely recommend all my friends + co workers to check it out this fabulous awesome place! Love U mi Ya~
5	My boyfriend and I always come here for sushi. It is hands down the best sushi place in all of Vegas.  The AYCE is a must, and for under $30, it is a steal. Everything is so good, but my favorite rolls are the ORANGE BLOSSOM, RED ROCK, and SNOW WHITE. You MUST try these.  Alex (the owner) came up with all of the sauces for the rolls by himself so the sushi is different than all other places. Umiya serves such high quality fresh fish. Just try the sashimi salads and seared ahi tuna with AJ sauce to see what I mean. We went last night for a birthday, and Alex and his crew made it an amazing night. They went out of their way to make a special roll and carved fruit sculptures for the birthday boy.  Not only is the food beyond delicious, the people are just so genuine. They make you feel like family right when you walk in. Give it a shot and I guarantee it'll be your new sushi spot.
4	Little gem in not so pleasant shopping center. It was my first time here decided try someplace new for sushi. I noticed good reviews plus the pics everything looked good. I went for lunch. Talk about not busy I was the only one there but am sure at dinner different story. I was like yay for me! =) I sat at the sushi bar and felt like had my own omakase. One of the sushi chef Alex not sure if he the main one. He was so helpful, explaining all the details (the grilled pork butt; they marinade it in miso base love it not only cause LOVE food but my passion my profession in life), and great conversation whole time although just me and Umiya one best AYCE beginning too end. Talk about diverse menu. Wow. They even have udon, and ramen also can choose from both AYCE or a la carte. Four pages am sure there is something for everyone at Umiya. Couple items that are strictly for dinner and some the same as others that only order one time. I made sure just about had everything missed couple will make sure get the second time. The ones I did get Oysters on half shell. It was nice, clean, fresh tasting, and not sure put on top but added perfect compliment slurp it all down. Awesome. The Grilled Pork Butt another tasty app that could order both the whole time. Chef Alex explaining the marinade and all the flavors truly comes through on point. I love the presentation comes on sizzling plate and gives each piece sear goodness melts in your mouth. The Ribeye really thin slice but the star is the dipping sauce. It some kind of vinaigrette. I could see it over bed of salad greens loving it. The Baby Octopus on skewer. Alex recommended that try it. I was not disappointed. It almost like sweet and sour sauce comes with also believe cooked in. All the nigiri sushi was really good. Especially like the white ono, albacore, hamachi, and salmon. Alex was really nice cause at the very end wanted too try the ono and pepper tuna. Rule is two per order but still nice enough too do one and one. It speaks volume too customer service!!! The two rolls had was the tataki roll honestly its ok and the chicken katsu roll interesting but it ok. I finish tradition green tea ice cream. It love my green tea ice cream. It little bigger scoop then most AYCE places that been too. It not already been said but they offer AYCD!!!! Really. It was lunch but for sure just another reason too come back for more sushi and try more of the menu!!
3	It's pretty close to 3.75 stars.  They offer a few dishes most AYCE sushi joints don't like ribeye Big Wong style, fresh oysters,  and kushiyaki (meat on a stick) options like bacon wrapped scallops.  It's actually a good place to bring that one friend who dislikes sushi.  I also like the all you can drink beer/wine/sake option for $10 more but they said they're going to change it next month.  Ummm....why??  This location used to be Kaizen and you can definitely tell from the look of the place.  Interesting mix of old and modern and the long tables definitely encourage groups to stay a while.  We sat at the bar to pick the chefs brain on recommendations.  The whole staff was Korean.  Not too much of a big deal for me.  Sushi standouts were the halibut and super white tuna nigiri.  The chef, Alex, said it was the freshest fish they had and it was great.  There were a ton of great options if you like cream cheese, rolls deep fried or something in unagi sauce.  I am not one of those people but knock yourself out a la Drago vs Creed if you are.  Basic rolls were fine and the freshness was acceptable.    I was really intrigued that they offered both miso and tonkotsu ramen.  I just HAD to try half a bowl of tonkotsu made by Koreans.  The noodles, broth and 2 big pieces of pork belly were pretty good but it wasn't exactly Japanese ramen.  Koramen?  Alex took pride in the fact he made the broth from scratch as he should..it was tasty but not Japanese by any means.  Service was definitely on top of things.  There were 3 waiters checking on us throughout the meal and earned their gratuity.
5	You gotta get here just to see the Alex/Pete/Eric Show, it's crazy! The sushi chefs are just one amazing thing about this place. You will love all of the reasons, though, I promise!First, the menu is EX-TEN-SIVE. For an AYCE place to have this many choices (granted, some are 1X only) is mind-blowing. From the nigiri, to the appetizers, right on down to the mochi, you will be hoping for a second stomach by the time all is said and done. I certainly needed one!I made the mistake of filling up on rolls instead of the fresh fish, I won't do that again. The albacore, salmon, oysters, filet, pork, octopus, whatever you want, it's delicious! The rolls were awesome too, but with such a huge selection you'll do better to keep those to a minimum. I did happen to ask for their hottest roll and they made one up that is now named after me (yeah, right). It was hot, spicy and delicious. I'm sorry, I ate so much last night I forgot what was in it, but I'm pretty sure it was basically seafood and avocado dipped in hot ass sauce. Whew!The service was superb. I didn't wait for drinks or food for very long at all. I loved it! The place is also beautiful and big so bring a party, you'll enjoy the heck out of it!I'm headed back in a few months once all this sushi is digested. Wow, ate so much. Enjoy!
4	This place used to be called Kaizen and they didn't have the AYCE sushi.  But one Friday night, my wife and I were looking for an AYCE sushi spot and we saw this place and everywhere else was a crazy 1-1.5 hr wait.  So we decided to try the place out.  We immediately took to it because of the atmosphere and it was spacious.  It wasn't crowded nor was the place like most sushi spots where it's small and compact and there's barely any room to walk on. The staff was very friendly and warm.  The menu is very extensive! It actually has 4 whole pages of food, including a huge amount of foods that aren't seafood-ish.  I know many people would say, "why go to a sushi spot and not eat seafood or sushi?"  Well some people have something called "allergies" and we don't want them excluded, especially since I have a brother who is allergic to shellfish and a nephew who is allergic to freshwater fish.  So, it was really awesome that they had plenty of great choices for those who cannot enjoy certain aspect of sushi eating.  Including steak, teriyaki, noodles, beef, pork and chicken dishes.  My favorite is Snow White and the Ono nigiri.  But. their Tuna sashimi w/ AJ sauce is to die for.  My wife loves the oysters and she said that their uni is very fresh.  The food is just all around very good, fresh and well prepared.We loved the place so much, we went back with our family the next evening.  AND we would definitely be going back again!
5	Delicious. Extraordinary service.
5	Best ayce sushi restaurant in town ! chef alex makes the best sushi, I dont even have to order. He already knows what I like and prepares it for me when he sees me walking in. 5 stars all the way
3	Went here with bf on a Monday night. Not a busy night for the restaurant. There were only about 5 to 6 tables occupied with just a couple per table. I noticed immediately that the service was a little slow and was a little unorganized. We were seated though immediately but the orders were taken after 15 minutes. I mentioned it was kind of unorganized because after the male server took our orders, after 5 minutes the female server approached our table and asked if our orders were taken.Now let's rate the food...I can say the fish quality was good, fish was very fresh and firm (Nigiris).Grilled seafood was so so... I've eaten better.Deep fried items were also so so... The soft shell crab that I ordered was drenched in oil. Also they don't put the dipping sauce on the side but they just drizzle it and it makes the dish more wet rather than crispy and light on the outside and moist in the insideRolls were okay... I ordered the Tuna Tataki (Rating: 7 out of 10) and Snow White (4 out of 10). I can say though that the Seared Tuna with AJ sauce was something different and it was really good. Too bad it's only 1 order per person.Desserts... Also ordinary and it's one per person too. We tried the mango mochi and tempura ice cream.Maybe we will be back, I say Goyemon is still the best AYCE in town!
4	Location: The signage still says Kan Sushi, but it's definitely Umiya in that first plaza on Flamingo just west of Arville. Customer capacity is on the high end, but it's not filling up just yet.Quick and dirty summary: great food, one of the biggest AYCE menus I've seen, sub-par service, and really irritating wooden benches.Gory details: We had a huge group split over two tables. I cannot emphasize enough that you're going to want to sit at the tables with (relatively) soft chairs or possibly at the bar for expedited service. I know we did have huge groups, but other places that I frequent bring food out and check for new orders in half the time and don't stop checking on water refills. It kinda feels a bit like they're trying to cut alcohol costs for those who order the $10 all you can drink option.Also, and perhaps more importantly, they're mixing up portion size or losing orders entirely. We had nine individual pieces of nigiri on a plate (four and a half is not an order), four pieces of mussel (it's supposed to be three per order), and a missing unagi nigiri ordered with dessert. Also, maybe not a service staff issue exactly, but they were out of their special grilled miso yellowtail way early in the night and didn't even wipe it from their special menu. I'll give them another chance in the future and hope that they manage to improve their service as they become a more experienced staff.Food: The quality and flavor is great. Get whatever your favorite nigiri is. Get the tuna sashimi with AJ sauce, mussels, and even throw in a roll or two. They have a huge roll menu that we barely scratched the surface of (note to self: try something with lobster next time). Oh, and try the ribeye steak and skewers. It's not sushi for purists, but it's entertaining. I kinda prefer Goyemon's sweeter, thicker, unlimited pork belly portions, but try the pork belly here too. And they have both salmon and yellowtail collar that I didn't even get to try.Low points? Hmm... I'm not sure I'd go for creamy shrimp more than once (it's a fried dumpling w/ shrimp and cream cheese) or over-order on the soft shell crab as much as I did. Oh, and dessert is only one per person, so get your sweet substitutes in before the formal ice cream.It might take time for service to improve, but for AYCE sushi lovers in Vegas, Umiya is worth trying in a small group. There's a huge menu that I need to take at least two more trips to explore.
5	We stumbled upon this location tucked in a shopping plaza off of Flamingo and Arville, across from Palms Hotel and Casino. Is there anything better than taking a chance on a restaurant and finding a hidden gem that could become an absolutely favorite?!?!By far one of the largest AYCE menu selections. Although some of the selections are a 1x order only it's an absolute must try! The staff was friendly and attentive. When my gf and I ordered the food came out rather quickly. The seafood salad was absolutely yummy!The decor is beautifully understated. Long tables with wooden benches. Not the average sushi spot with tables. Great place for groups! $25.99 for an AYCE. After dinner for two and two drinks we walked out completely stuffed with sushi and mochi ice cream about an hour and a half later bringing our total to $62.59.
4	(Read all the way to the end! Saved the best for last!)We visited Umiya for a late lunch AYCE, Tues. around 2:30 and there was only one other group seated, so virtually we had the whole huge open place to ourselves. (Liked that!) Once seated, it took her about ten minutes to come by and take our first order. I'll say only one thing about the service and that it was chilly but businesslike: take order, bring order, clear plates, take order, bring order -no eye contact, no smile, and no re-filling of beverages unless we requested. It is what it is. I can usually warm up any chilly server, but not this one! Might try sitting at the bar next time so as to not be 100% reliant on the server. Nonetheless, the food was pretty spectacular. If you're familiar with the AYCE sushi scene in Vegas, you get a little hard to impress after a short time. This was a happy surprise and I'm delighted to be impressed after so long... The menu was indeed very extensive. I'm sure you could visit many multiple times and never duplicate, yet leave full and happily satisfied. Since it was our trial run, I took some tips from previous yelpers... 1. Screaming O salad: did not like this - it was like a mayonaise soup. Steer clear if you don't like a heavy-handed dose of the stuff. 90% mayo, coating of thick mayo on top, three thin slices of ahi underneath, and some lettuce swimming in the watery mayo soup at the bottom of the bowl. Now we know...2. The snow white roll and orange blossom roll were FRIKKIN AMAZING. Snow white roll -each individual piece of the roll is ever so slightly grilled, so it has a whisp of a smokey flavor. My little tastebuds were freaking out. Insanely good, and so different! Orange blossom roll was also enjoyably different.3. Red Rock roll - kind of forgettable, but I do remember thinking, "ugh, more mayonaise?"4. Rib eye steak - was just ok. 5. Now, there's one thing on the menu we discovered this day I would place in the "EXQUISITE" category. The bacon wrapped scallop skewer. O. M. G. These tiny little gems come two (ONLY TWO?) to a skewer. Just trust me -you're going to want a few of these. I popped the first one in my mouth, and just had to sit there for a moment-what was this? Sweet, salty, chewy, fluffy... what? I just stared at my pal across the table. No words. Eyeballs scanned the restaurant for next closest waitress/server. "Yes, another one of these, please?" I forced my now-stuffed table-mate to try one because they are that good. Crack. Bacon-wrapped-scallop CRACK. 6. Mango mochi for dessert. Couldn't hold a candle to the sweet candied bacon wrapped goodness I just described.Few little notes:- I could imagine a full house, with such a big open space and all hard surfaces would get pretty obnoxiously loud. Prepare, and time your dining session if that would bother you.  -They charge $2 for green tea. This really chapped the hide of my dining partner. He was personally affronted -like they were charging for breathing air. Again, so now you know. - Service with a little charm doesn't cost anything, but apparently its not a priority here. Ok, got it. (The food outshines this aspect of Umiya.)Overall: excellent and delightfully impressed, will be back, again at an "off" hour.(Let me know if you like those bacon-crack-skewers, too!)
5	It was little hard to find this place we were at the right parking lot but we couldn't see the sign(Actually there's no sign yet only little banner saying UMIYA all you can eat sushi coming soon) so we used my navigation on my smartphone. But we ended up at the same parking lot as first time???This time we paid more attention, UMIYA is right next door of Starbucks. It looks small from outside but inside is very modern and upscale looking.I was very surprised by the quality of foods for AYCE sushi place. Food was fantastic, me and my husband was so busy to eat to take any pictures. When we realized we were only able to take two pictures. We really liked everything we ordered. Orange blossom roll, The bacon wrapped scallop skewer, Marinated Pork Belly, Baby Octopus skewer, Fresh Oyster, Crunch lobster Roll( plenty of real lobster)....I can't remember any more but all was so good. I highly recommend this place to anyone love sushi but don't eat AYCE sushi because the poor quality of food @most of AYCE sushi places. UMIYA is Only High Quality AYCE sushi place in Las Vegas. I can't wait for next time.
5	In this review tried some new items that never had before because really the menu is that extensive never going too fit all in. Why would you? Each visit can be all its own going with more little side dishes plus sushi, all sushi, some ramen or udon and sushi. Endlesssss. I wanted too try the ramen on the menu. It on point tasty and delicious like everything else on the menu! The broth such nice depth of flavor unique taste unlike other true ramen restaurants. It little less salty then other places, the noodles solid, and AYCE just the right size portion have room for other stuff. Sushi Chef Alex is awesome. I was able too try some stuff not even on the AYCE menu. I had the black sea bass nigiri style, fresh eel (he showed me fresh eel; ever since my experience at Yummy feel sushi chef presents the fish see that quality adds personal touch) that never had before amazing, and even more AMAZING thing was the fresh Umi. Unfortunately again not on the AYCE but presented fresh UMI then he literally cut it open served order a la carte another table but kind enough make me one nigiri. Wow! If could get that kind of fresh Umi I would kill the whole population of Umi. Lol! Lunch is never that crowded really one of the best times too go. Truly one of my best sushi experience one that not only truly feel sushi chef Alex passion for sushi, the attention too service is on point (never have empty glass of soda or water), and all sushi chefs are easy too talk stories with just makes it that much more enjoyable. I can not give Chef Alex enough stars because every time I have gone in he shows passion for sushi, bringing in different fish, and makes sure you have the best sushi experience. On my last visit I took my brother and his family Umiya first time. Chef Alex came around the sushi bar say Hello, check up, and if anything else we needed or wanted too try. It that kind of service that almost lost art in this day and age of culinary scene or big names. The only bummer is they no longer do all you can drink. It buy two get the third one free. I go Umiya for the food not so much drinking. It not missed too much.
3	Umiya is not easy to find.  The neon signage says Kan Sushi.  They play K-pop videos.  AYCE price is typical - about $27/person.  The place was pretty empty on the Friday night we went...not a good sign.The rolls we got were good: Sunrise, Sunset, Salsa Dancing and Snow White.  I also liked the pork belly, ribeye steak and the fact that they have skewers as part of AYCE.What I didn't like and have had better in other sushi restaurants: lobster crunch, super white tuna and green tea ice cream.  The langoustine on the lobster crunch tasted too briny.  The super white tuna was rubbery and didn't taste fresh.  The green tea ice cream tasted like medicine.  It reminded me of the time I ate green tea ice cream I had in the freezer for a year.This place is good for cooked food.  Sushi...not so much.
5	I have to say for $27 I was not expecting what I got.I am an Executive Chef and I was really impressed by the freshness of the Sushi.We went on a Wednesday nite and everyone knows that the WEEKENDS are the best times to eat fresh Sushi.We sat right at the counter and I can spot fresh gleaming fish when I see it .After I saw a few orders of fresh fish go out and they looked delicious, I decided to give it a try.I started with the halibut, next the tuna, then the salmon, then the albacore.I really was totally impressed and the place wasn't that busy.Then I went for the kill, pork belly, rib-eye steak,  squid,baby octopus,fresh oysters.I downed a bottle of saki and some beer, took a little breather.For my final finally I had bacon wrapped scallops,flamingo rolls.I had the lobster roll and it had nice chunks of lobster that you could really taste.I wanted to try some of the nice desserts that I saw, but I was just to full, and I don't believe in wasting good food.I am very picky about what I eat and I have to say everything was great.overall this is a great place and I hope they do well.I left a good tip also.I will be back next week and so will my friendsAnyone who complains about this place for the price and variety, are just some unhappy souls.I looked at some of the stupid remarks of others and for some reason they don't realize what their getting for $27.00 .On the strip I would have paid $150 or more for all this.So for all the cheap complainers, don't expect Wagyu Filet and Australian Lobster when your paying McDonalds prices.Some of these people think they are Anthony Bourdain.Learn to enjoy life , eat drink , be merry , leave a nice tip, and don't sweat the small stuff.Most small businesses really bust their but to survive.So be nice and be fair, before you go on a bashing mission.
4	Previously Kan Sushi, Umiya is a new sushi joint out here that's actually close to the strip.  This was Chad S's UYE and I couldn't resist the combination of meeting new Yelpers and eating sushi.  When it comes to this place, it's all about AYCE.  I'm one of those guys that can eat a ton, so AYCE is never a bad choice.  As for the food, I got so much of it that it's tough for me to remember, but I'll try.-Yellowtail and Tuna Nigiri:  Small, but since it's AYCE it wasn't an issue. Tasty, fresh, and the texture was just right. Believe me, I've had some stale dry nigiri before.  My favorite Yellowtail is still at Kaizen off Paradise.-Katsu Chicken:  Not bad, just a little greasy.  Still fresh and crunchy.  Tasted perfect with their chicken fried rice.-Chicken Fried Rice:  Thick pieces of chicken mixed with their fried rice.  If it's not sushi to come here for, then it's their fried rice.-Ramen (miso):  Just okay, but it's also one of my first ramens.  Not much to compare against. I didn't think it was bad, but others have stated that Chinatown has better.-Tempura Shrimp Hand Roll:  I use to be a western roll type of person. Now it's all about Nigiri, Shashimi, and Hand Rolls.  Still got a yum yum type hand roll and it didn't disappoint.  Again, small but it's ACYE.-Tempura Ice Cream:  Not a dessert person, but couldn't resist on this visit.  This was pretty good too. Service wasn't bad considering that our group was fairly big.  Between all the food request from other Yelpers, the fact it was Friday night, and because this location was close to the strip..I felt that the service was decent. Overall, I will be back.  There's a ton of other sushi joints out here in Vegas.  But this one is little closer to the strip, which makes it a good stop when out of town friends/family are in the sushi mood. Thanks to Chad S. for setting this up.  Got to meet some Yelp friends that I've never met in person.  Also was able to hang out with some Yelpers that still are the coolest peeps around. New Yelper Alicia R (Terri R's twin) was in attendance. She ended up being my run/walk buddy for the next day's Color Run 5K.  Good thing because I thought I would be the only walker at this event.
3	$26.95 for dinner. Hot tea is $2. There's buy two drinks get one free during their 4pm-2am happy hour. Service seemed promising at first but as soon as they got busy for the dinner rush, it went downhill FAST. They should have staffed better on a Saturday evening, and dinner for that matter. The place is run by Koreans by the looks of it (if it matters to any of you). The tuna, salmon, and yellowtail were actually pretty good, IMO. Uni and sweet shrimp were pretty awful.  I didn't try the sweet shrimp nor uni personally but my friend wanted to gag on the sweet shrimp. I liked the tamago and masago. For dessert, they have tempura ice cream, regular ice cream, mochi ice cream, and banana split. Didn't get my spicy tuna salad either :(.It took awhile to order when it got busy so it also took awhile to get our orders. We even ordered dessert (1 item per person) but never ended up getting them cause it took too long so we just left. We had already paid by then.To sum it all up, for the price and my first experience, I will most likely not be coming back. I didn't try any of the rolls personally since I can only eat so much in one sitting. I think the sushi itself wasn't too shabby (for the ones that I tried) but the overall experience was just bleh. Hence the 3 stars as opposed to 2.Their AYCE menu is pretty extensive, though. So if you can eat a lot, you can try a whole bunch of shiznits. Like pork belly, ribs, skewers, and salads among other things. I wouldn't say to not give it a chance, but just saying my first experience didn't make me keen on going back.
4	Fresh sushi.   Can I say more.   You will get your money's worth for $27 with the All You Can Eat.    It is an extensive menu.  We were more than pleased with the quality of the fish for their Nigiri.  Their hot items were as equally delicious.  Tasty secret sauces made certain sushi and hot dishes even more appealing to the palette.  Arrived early for dinner on Valentine's Day so it was still rather quiet.  Servers were pleasant and attentive.  Sushi owner and chefs were a ham.
3	I really dont like trying out new sushi places especially if the group going is in the double digit numbers. For one too many people make a lot of issues with the wait staff as well as the kitchen. Sushi is a made to order type of dining experience and is best with just a handful of people. So far off the top of my head there's one place *cough*GOYEMON*cough that can handle an entire private room full of diners and not miss a single order as well as another *cough*KOMA*cough* where the waitress will go out of her way to remind and boss the sushi chefs to push the orders and correct mistakes. So this was Chad's UYE and he threw up a whole bunch of recommendations on what we should all try out with the AYCE menu. Sure this sounds great and all but....Problem is i didnt receive over half of the initial order i put in the beginning, eventually one out of many came but it was so late in the game i didnt really care about it any more. As for the others such as the oysters and the baby octopus...i guess they've gone through the doorway into Narnia out to take the one ring to Mt Doom before the Death Star blows up the planet because they sure as hell weren't anywhere in front of me or anywhere near me...Service was...typical of any Asian restaurant. For being known as a hard working people, servers are fucking lazy...When we tell you in the beginning we want SEPARATE CHECKS it doesn't mean put everything one bill and let us play the 'oh well on the back of the receipt we put our names and how much we want charged to the card. oh wait we dont know how to divide up the service charge, the tax and everyone's individual drinks...oh my god this is getting complicated'. Server offered to split everything up and brought us back SEPARATE checks with all the tax and mandatory 18% all split up. Wow thanks bro you brought us what we originally asked for after you determined what a pain in the ass it was bringing an undivided check...Stupid of us to ASK for SEPARATE checks in the BEGINNING. Drinks were okay, I had 3 Sakeinis which our server assured me was on the buy two get one free deal and they were. The best tasting was the Lychee one. Perfectly balanced between booze and Lychee flavor. The Peach and Pineapple were so bland and tasteless i might as well been drinking a bud lite. Not to say that both these drinks tasted like bud lite, i just mean there was no harmony no balance between the natural or artificial flavors of the fruit to match or complement the flavored sake they used.As far as everything else food-wise i dont know i just dont know at all. Over half the things i ordered never got delivered. Most of dining experience was grabbing bits and pieces from others around me. Noticeably the spicy yellowtail hand roll was absolutely amazing when i first ordered it. They did it Goyemon style where it was chunks of yellowtail with spicy sauce drizzled all over it. It was so good or i havent had one in so long what ever it was pretty damn good so i decided to order another which was on par with the first as well as a spicy tuna hand roll. Wow the tuna was an epic fail in my opinion. Both the yellow tail and tuna were ordered as hand rolls, both were ordered spicy...yet two VERY different things were delivered other than the type of fish. As stated before the yellowtail was cubed and had sauce poured on top. The tuna was...minced into a paste with hot sauce and visible chunks of chilies in the mix. Totally not what i was expecting and was a bit spicier than i was willing to put up with. Good thing LJ was around...Big up to LJ!!For the most part a lot of the nigiri was decently fresh especially the yellowtail.Overall...i dont know I wanna give this place another chance by coming back with a considerably smaller group...but...i know other places that do a considerably better job. Oh and dont get drunk here or try to get drunk here you might die of massive liver failure. Yelp 100 - 012 of 100Sorry Chad...
2	This was formally known as Kan / Kaizen Sushi. It's about $30 for dinner AYCE including tax. The hot tea is $2 each but during their Happy Hour it's buy two drinks get one free, so with four people it came down to $1.25 per. It's located on Flamingo and Arville in the plaza by the Starbucks. My friends got here before I did, so they got us all a table, while of course waiting for me. It's a real nice place inside, loved the decor, very simple, elegant, and modern. There weren't that many people there when we were there, maybe around 20-ish people there including us. Service started promising, but as soon as the place started to fill up with only two servers, the service just went downhill. I didn't understand why they didn't have more servers on a Saturday evening during a dinner service. I was a little baffled by that. Not sure if this matters, but this place is run by Koreans as is most sushi places in Vegas it seems. Started with the usual, tuna, salmon, and yellowtail. The quality was mediocre, it wasn't that bad but it wasn't good either, they weren't really fresh in my opinion. The tamago and masago were okay as well, the tamago was definitely better than any of the fish. The Ikura, well didn't really look like regular Ikura to me, it was much smaller than normal, and the color was a bit off to me, which goes back to the question of freshness, it wasn't really fresh, as it tasted different from what I'm used to (and I usually order about 20 pieces of Ikura). What really got me was ordering the sweet shrimp, I nearly gagged on this and really felt nauseous eating it. That's a huge no no for me, they poured Ponzu sauce on it what seemed to me they were trying to mask the age of the fish, it was NOT fresh at all. One friend ordered Uni and well the presentation of it was bad, it looked horrible to say the least, and he was very skeptical of tasting it after my reaction with the sweet shrimp. My friend got the rib eye and pork belly. They weren't bad according to him and for the pork belly though, it was dripping in oil. Like the plate was saturated with it. Looked good at least, but I wouldn't touch it without at least dabbing it down with a napkin. We also got a first kiss roll since it sounded it, it wasn't too bad, but I'm not usually a fan of rolls in general.At the end we ordered dessert, two tempura ice cream and two ice cream, one order per person, and waited close to 15 minutes for it, before we cancelled and just left. I don't know what was going on in the kitchen, but it seemed under staffed all around for a Saturday evening. The only real good thing I would say on the menu is everything else but the nigiri. They have an extensive AYCE menu, but it'll be a very long time before I come back here, if ever. It's worth a try, and I hope the experience of others are better than mine, but I do have high standards for sushi restaurant in general. It's worth a try if you cannot tell the difference in quality or freshness of fish as some of my friends cannot, but if you get easy queasy from bad fish, I would avoid it at least for now.
3	All you can eat buffet. But be careful, you have to finish what you order!They will charge you for whatever is not finished.  We went with a group of 10. We had a whole table to ourselves and it wasn't very busy. We probably arrived there around 8pm. We ordered a couple things at first so we can all share, but as we went along, we ordered more, which was perfect.  The different sushi rolls were really cool and really good! I got the Snow White, spicy octopus (2 pieces) and a number of others I can't remember. but Snow White was realllly good. The First Kiss sushi roll was also delicious.  I got the passion fruit saketini. It was good but it was really sweet and you can barely taste the alcohol. I would recommend getting the lychee saketini or ordering the buy 2 get 1 free beer (Asee, I think it was). The udon noodle soup was a little sweet as well. But the soup was good to have with all the sushi. Jalepeno poppers was amazing and it wasn't spicy. We also got the Japanese Lasagna sushi. it was odd, there was cheese, sauces, and panko (i think it was) on top. A whole mixture of flavors. it was kinda odd, weird, okay tasting. I'd say try it..but don't let it get too cold or else you won't want to finish it. Unfortunately, they don't have sashimi. :(  I really wanted that with the spicy red pepper sauce (choh goh chi jang).  But they do have I gave it 3 stars because they charge you for whatever is not finished.  :(  lol but the servers were really nice, really friendly and helpful.
5	I come here often and I am never disappointed, whether it be for the ALL YOU CAN EAT or just a salad and a roll they always meet my expectations. The rolls seem pricey, but they are quite big with lots of fish "stuffing." My favorite roll and I recommend this to anyone who loves avocado, spicy tuna or will try just about anything, has got to be the AVOCADO TRAIN. It isn't on the AYCE menu so I'm always torn between my options, either I go with the Roll and salad option or if I want to fish out and do the AYCE. My fave salad is the Spicy Tuna Salad, They add chunks of fresh tuna on a bed of greens with a tangy dressing, quite satisfying and not too heavy. All in all I highly recommend this place. It is small, quite, the staff are friendly and if you get bored with your companionship they have music videos playing on a big screen ;)
4	Trying another AUCE sushi joint cuz damnit, I'm hungry and this spot is right by my credit union that I stopped at and because SOMETHING is going on with Woo Che! Second day I've rolled by there and they've been closed! AND I almost went to go try Korean Garden BBQ cuz they have a pretty cheap AUCE BBQ price but I quickly pulled up some reviews and they were weird. ANYHOO. This is what I stuffed into the fat girl stuck inside of my body:Spicy Garlic Edamame - a little overcooked, some of the shells were downright MUSHY. The flavor was OK. A little spicy, but not much and the garlic flavor was rather mild. I LOVE garlic.Marinated Pork Belly - I have been CRAVING pork belly lately! This didnt necessarily satisfy my craving either. The pork belly itself was melt in your mouth tender and the marination was aiight. Not bad at all - I am just personally craving some samgyupsol!Grilled Shishito Peppers - served with Bonito flakes on the side. I always love shishito peppers but these could have use some togarashi!Crispy SS Crab - I highly DON'T recommend this. Too much breading and not enough flavor. I even tried dipping it in some spicy mayo but ended up just leaving the other half, untouched. Baked New Zealand Mussel in Dynamite Sauce - these were good. Nothing stuck out about them but they werent bad at all.Seafood Dynamite - good as well. Typically these taste the same wherever I get them. Not bad at all.Tuna Poke - this was REALLY good! A little seaweed salad on the side and just enough seasoning and spiciness to leave me wanting more!Jalapeno Popper - spicy tuna and cream cheese inside the jalapeno and deep fried. Um. No. I ate one out of the four. Just not a good combination and really not much flavor. They probably deseeded the jalapeno taking all of it's delicious spiciness with and the half way cooked spicy tuna inside wasn't cuttin it. Besides, COOKED spicy tuna is NOT something I EVER look forward to.The Nigiri I tried was: Tuna, Albacore, Super White Tuna, Salmon and Yellowtail. ALL of it was VERY good. Very fresh tasting and fatty and melt in your mouth. The Albacore was kind of fishy but that just might be how the fish is suppose to be. I'm not a fan of really fishy tasting fish, but some people are! Anyway I finished off my meal with a salmon and avocado hand roll and a banana split!!!! I love handrolls and this one did not disappoint! Really good quality fish! And my banana split was a nice small personal size - just a scoop of vanilla with a banana and some chocolate syrup. Simple and tasty. Four stars for the NIGIRI. Three stars for the rest of the menu.
4	Another sushi restaurant in a city of plenty.  Umiya is located right next to Starbucks in a plaza off of Flamingo and Arville. It's a very nicely decorated sushi spot definitely the nicest, 5 star for just that. They offer a large AYCE menu of sushi and non-sushi items with a few items that you can only order one order of, as many other sushi restaurants do. Order the items that you can only order one order of and on chef's special menu first, just to get them out of the way.  They have a pork belly that could maybe rival Goyemon, maybe, I don't remember how Goyemon pork belly taste like again I need to go again soon. It's 3 delicious thinly sliced pieces of pork belly in a sauce that just melts in your mouth.  I made the mistake of sharing once, never again all mine.  They serve a fried soft shelled crab which was heavily battered which wasn't my favorite but it could be with less batter. Their baby octopus are very delicious. Their nigiris and hand rolls aren't that bad too.  Their beef was very good.  Oysters fried and not fried, poke salad, specialty rolls, deep fried tempura rolls, shrimp tempura, uni, everything you usually expect from a sushi spot they probably had it.Drinks aren't included in the AYCE sushi price you pay extra, soft drinks were extra $2 but refill are included.  Also they no longer have AYCD on for extra $10 its something like buy 2 get the 3rd free for certain drinks. Know you limits when drinking they probably won't kick you out for being a drunken mess but it annoys everyone elses who are trying to have a nice meal with family and friends, especially if there in another party.As always when going to a sushi restaurant sit at the bar right infront of the sushi chefs, you'll get food faster and chefs are usually pretty cool guys. Customer service was great but once if got busy they had a hard time keeping up with food and drink orders. Try not going when busy but if your patient enough like I am go whenever you feel like sushi. Their prices are average, sushi quality and selection good, but probably won't replace any of my top 5 but top 10 in Vegas sure.
5	Umiya has a great atmosphere and has the freshest fish in town! Chef Alex picks out the fish everyday himself to ensure the finest quality!  Chef ALEX is the very best!!!!  He creates new sushi rolls all the time and keeps things healthy and fun!!!  I have followed ALEX to every Sushi restaurant, and now since he is owner of Umiya it is my very favorite!!!  It is a place you can trust and will completely enjoy!!!!  lots of love to chef Alex, chef Erik and the gang!!!
5	it is very great place. nice atmosphere and people. Food of freshness is a great too. people must try snow white and also a la carte special meun !!
5	Can't express how impressed I was with the tiny amount of rice, amazing service and the quality of fish. I was expecting just another sushi restaurant but boy, was I wrong. The chef gave us some special sushi that wasn't on the menu, which was simply amazing. We were the few people there so I think the chef felt trigger-happy to shoot us a few special dishes. I'm not complaining.Also, I'm not a huge roll fan but I have to say they use very little sauce and it actually compliments the sushi nicely. The ribeye steak was great. The nigiri is fresh and served with very little rice. I would like to revisit Umiya again and focus more on the nigiri but the rolls and special dishes were simply too good for me to leave room for anything else. But from the tuna, yellowtail and shrimp nigiri I ate I could say it was great. Cheers that Kaizen is out and Umiya is in. Looking forward to my next visit.
3	They are trying hard. And I wish them well. Fish needs to be fresher. Guess I'm spoiled living in Hawaii...
5	Umiya is fantastic!!! Been here twice in one week for lunch.This has quickly become our new favorite sushi hangout in Las Vegas. We have tried several places, and Umiya is definately a step above the rest. The interior is warm and inviting. You are immediately greeted by the friendly hostess and sushi chef. There is seating either at the sushi bar, or traditional table seating for large groups, there is also tables available for couples. The AYCE option is the best value. Lunch is $22.95. The menu has a wide variety to choose from including lunch specials you can find their menu on usmenuguide.com/umiya-las-vegas.html. We have had different salads and starters such as Cucumber salad, Poke, Edamame(spicy or garlic spicy), Gyoza, Rib-eye steak, Japanese steak, paired with an excellent steak/teriyaki sauce, Bacon wrapped scallop skewers, marinated pork belly, and New Zealand green mussels. The Nigiri is very good, the fish is super fresh with just the right amount of sushi rice. The Rolls are simply the best I've had, because of how they are made. The rice they use is japanese sushi grade, and the chef uses just the right amount. They are rolled tight and never fall apart in your soy sauce as has been the case at other establishments. The sauces are a whole other story. Simply the best I've ever had. They are flavorful, not drenched just the right amount of sauce to compliments the roll, and use different sauces for each roll, complex in flavor and taste. Just makes you want to try everything on the menu. The food comes out fast and with excellent service. You also have 90 minutes to eat the AYCE. Most AYCE sushi restaurants only allow 45 minutes to an hour for lunchtime. Looking forward to also trying their AYCE dinner menu and sake and saketini cocktails which we haven't gotten around to yet. Do yourself a favor and give this place a try, you'll be glad you did.
5	This is by far my favorite sushi joint. The all you can eat has very little limitations if any at all. The chefs are friendly and hilarious at times(when drinking sake). Yellow tail collar is sooo bombb. All you can drink was an option for 10 dollars additional but i think i forced them to stop doing that single handedly. I LOVVEEE TO DRINK. used to be called kaizen and kan. Stop changing your fucking name!
5	I love sushi, but unable to find a great place until I found this place. The is not just another AYCE, this is the best one with good prices. I have been here several times and every time has been great. I have brought several different friends and they too have loved this place. The cook is also the owner and he takes great pride in his food.I always leave very full and happy. This is a must do AYCE. I will try to upload some pic's next time.
4	During our Strip stay-cation, we were on the hunt for sushi, but didn't want our eardrums blown at the same time (ahem, RA). We decided on Umiya since it was close to our hotel and very reasonably priced for AYCE.We got there at 6 pm and the restaurant was nearly empty. The space itself is really pretty and open. We got drinks and our first orders in within a couple of minutes of being seated. Our rolls came super quickly, which continued throughout our meal, despite the restaurant getting much busier. Those familiar with AYCE know how important superfast ordering and delivery are!The food was completely decent. The rolls themselves are on the small side, but very light on rice. I really liked the size, since each one takes up less belly real estate, so you can try more tasty things! The fish quality is average, depending on the roll (the salmon and ahi were great; the super white tuna was meh). As with a lot of sushi places with huge menus, the sauces on the rolls can be their downfall. There are many that come with spicy mayo, but they're easily avoided. The AYCE menu is enormous. There are lots of fresh, fried and baked rolls, plus nigiri, various non-fish items and dessert. It's $27 per person for dinner, with a HUGE 90 minute time limit. Umiya is definitely our new go-to on this side of town!
5	This place kicks ass! There are a lot of hidden gems throughout Las Vegas that serve great food off-the-strip. This is one of my favorites.Although it's AYCE, you order a la carte instead of going down a buffet line. The price is reasonable and the selection is very large.One of the best deals in Vegas. Getting there from the strip: If you don't want to pay for a tax, get on the Gold Coast shuttle from Bally's to Gold Coast. The restaurant is  a 1/3 mile walk down W Flamingo.
5	Enjoyed the AYCE. Fairly priced. Friendly staff. Great menu.
5	Great find! My boyfriend and I were looking for some sushi spots around that weren't over priced and then we found this hidden gem! We got soooo many rolls, they have an all you can eat for 27 bucks and all you can drink for$10 more. Let's just say that just because it was all you can eat, it doesn't mean the food sucks. food is fresh, owner Alex is so fun to talk to and everyone is so attentive to you without sour attitudes. Menu has many options so I was happy, just don't order more than you can eat! Will defintely be back!
5	Good for allyoucaneat
2	My friends and I read the yelp reviews so we were so eager to try it.  We went last night with hungry stomachs and boy, were we disappointing or what? I don't know if we went in on a bad day or what happened. Most of their nigiri were unbelievable bad. Tuna, salmon, super white tuna, sweet shrimp and uni. None of them I would eat another piece. I refused to eat the uni because the color was brownish looking, very scary. I mentioned to the waiter and explained it to her the reason I did not eat it. Another waiter came and explained to me the head chef has told him that's how the uni looking like recently. He can show me the entire piece to prove they weren't giving me the old ones. I appreciated they took time and explained. However, I would still not eat it since it looked really awful. However their rolls and cooked stuff are not so bad. The only thing I would eat from the place is hamachi kama( the yellowtail collar) , that was pretty good and most of the ayce places don't include that. The service was not bad considered we had 11 people and that's the reason I gave two stars. If it weren't for the service, I would have given one star. Won't be returning anytime soon. For Korean owed ayce, I would rather go to Kaya.
4	I found this place a bit ago and after my second trip I am now getting to reviewing it!  I used to think I wasn't into AYCE sushi but more and more good places are opening up, it is no longer sushi waiting too long sitting in the little fridge by the unfriendly guys in front getting old before it's served sushi.So I guess with this, yet another good AYCE, I'm into it! When you walk in you are greeted with the usual loud "Konnichiwa!!!"  They have a nice area with tables in a kind of tented areas off to the sides, a large bar to watch the chefs and lots and lots of a picnic kind of tables all throughout.  Both times we were here there were men from Japan drinking their butts off hanging in the restaurant so if from the fish capital of the world love it why can't we?! The AYCE menu is huge, the first trip we came with his mom and dad who were in town.  She eats nothing raw, so I put my preferences aside and we order cooked food.  In most cases I am left with the everlasting want for sushi until we head back to one, in this case I left happy and satisfied.  All of the cooked rolls and food were nummy!  Next trip was with people who eat it all, so we did.  As mentioned earlier they have a 90 minute limit ( I was done way before, but for you men or heavy eaters out there! ) My boyfriend and his friends enjoyed it all, no I truly mean it all! ;) lol  The staff was nice and fast the entire time and even though the guys ate a TON of food they never made us feel bad.  The quality of fish:  Good, in lines with some of the other top AYCE places in town, not as good as some of the best non AYCE places in town but what can you expect.Next AYCE night I will be back great service and great food!
3	Las Vegas, you've spoiled me. AYCE everywhere. Why I haven't gained any pounds since I've been here beats me.The interior is large, dark and earthy. Sitting at the bar, you get a feel for the chefs and their sushi-styling. I mainly ordered nigiri and side dishes from the kitchen. The ratio of fish-to-rice was decent enough, however I felt that the rice was over seasoned to the point that it hindered the delicate nature of some of the fish. My friend seemed to like it though. For the side dishes, the servers helped us as best as they could. I went through most items, requesting gluten-free if possible so that my friend could try.The chefs were very accommodating for my gluten-free friend. They even checked all their ingredients / packaging for hidden wheat. It was then that we all found out that the masago unfortunately had wheat in it.
4	Sushi chefs are good and joke around with you. 2 for 1 Sapporos! Good AYCE.
5	Solid prices, delicious sushi, good service. I had a roll called the Touchdown roll....oh my balls. I've been craving it ever since. It's my favorite sushi roll of all time. Get it. Get 2.
5	This place is delicious, sweet shrimp, super white tuna, uni, sea bream, scallop, octopus.... SOLD!u
4	There's many AYCE in town and you gotta standout to get noticed. A few things going for them off the bat - right by the strip ( off Flamingo in the strip mall by the Palms casino) so easy for industry folks and tourist to hit up, it's nicely decorated, open late until 2am daily and the menu selection is large and offering unique items other spots do not in terms of appetizers. Probably a good place to take folks who aren't sushi people when you want to eat sushi yet try to still meet them halfway. Appetizers Screaming O Salad - seared salmon (or tuna - your choice) with spicy ponzu, mayo, shredded daikon, mixed greens - decent but I think I prefer without the greens which is how most places do it.Oysters - it was a  briny varietal probably from SoCal waters so I'm not a fan.Tuna sashimi w/ AJ sauce - good but only 2pcs Grilled Yellowtail collar - awesome! one of my favorite things, but most places you can only order one whereas there isn't a order limit here! Soft Shell Crab - another favorite and theirs were lightly battered but crisp and with a tiny bit of Japanese mustard sauce on top. Bacon wrapped scallop skewer - reminds me of bacon wrapped dates as the sauce had that similar sweet flavor about it spicy rice cake skewer - crisp outside and chewy inside, the way I prefer my dokbokkiCrispy rice with spicy tuna - these were large compared to other places and came 4 to a order! Pork belly - pretty good and base. It's thin slices and grilled like KBBQ, not roasted in a big hunk and then sliced.Nigiri There are daily specials so ask a server or look at the small glowing board on the left wall of the sushi bar. The specials today were sea bream which was fresh and really good, spanish mackerel which was decent though I thought maybe the sauce was slightly too sweet for it, giant clam which was crunchy in a surprising way and I like the thin slice of nori on it.Super white - pretty fresh here! Seared Salmon - more like peppered style than a fresh torch like some bars do. I liked it and enjoyed the flavor of the pepper and ponzu sauce. Peppered Albacore - this was good, but thought the seared salmon was better.Yellowtail - this was just OK, had a different flavor about it. Don't know how to describe, just different and the BF didn't like it. Tuna - acceptable level of freshness, but nothing outstanding. Masago - good, but I don't know when masago is ever bad. Uni - pretty fresh and was sweet so I was pleased.Mackerel - not a salty nor vinegary brine to this so I wonder if it was cured at all? It was fresh though, but not what I'm accustomed to. Sushi Snow White - this is the BFs favorite roll elsewhere and I think it's better made here. It's spicy diced up soft shell crab, avocado topped with super white tuna that's been torched and then Japanese mustard sauce. Salmon Skin Hand Roll - it wasn't crispy enough so it wasn't too pleasing to have a few bites with chewy skin bits. Rice to fish ratio here was very good, more fish than there is rice for sure. No roll half orders except for one per person here. Like always, stuff like uni and specials are one per person as well. Dessert is included. and we got a mochi and a tempura green ice cream.Service The service was very nice. We had a male server that checked on us and was super friendly explaining everything. We also had a female server that took our initial orders and also often brought us plates. The sushi bar was also friendly and asked if everything was tasting right and how was our experience at the end of the meal. It's evident that they do care about the customer, which is hugely appreciated by me. I don't think they have a stamp card, at least non was offered to us.Overall, this was a solid inaugural visit. I think it has a lot of good things going for it so I'm sure I'll be back. I don't think it tops my favorite spot, but I think it's good to put into the rotation.
5	Delicious sushi. ALL YOU CAN EAT is the way to go. Friendly staff, clean dinning area,descent prices, nice settings and yum, yum, yum!
5	First, I am inexperienced with sushi. I had the waiter and chef pick a sampling of things that they recommended. Every items was amazing and an adventure in itself. I usually don't like raw fish. Though, this one didn't taste fishy at all. So, I fully enjoyed it.I went on a Wednesday evening. There was only one other couple. The staff severely outnumbered us. They were super friendly. I'm ready to go back tomorrow!
3	I give them credit for how diligent the crew was and how accommodating towards our big party, but I did not really enjoy the food. Our group ordered a plethora of items and came across a few that even caught our attention. I prefer to stick to nigiri, but had a few pieces of the rolls. If based on service alone, it would have been a four star experience even with all of the chaos. The whole group works in a restaurant and know how strenuous a group of twenty can be. They were great on that end.
4	I'm a fan. I've been here a few times and more often than not, all the food I get is pretty good, if not great (at least for an AYCE place). Their AYCE menu is fairly large. The dinner price is $26.95 and for kids it's about $13.Most of the nigiri I've tried was good, with standouts being the tuna, super white tuna, sea bream, yellowtail and eel. Other items on their menu that I'm a fan of include their gyoza, the yellowtail lover roll, and crispy rice with spicy tuna. Their oysters and pork belly are decent and worth ordering again.I wasn't a fan of the seared tuna in AJ sauce or the Hawaiian roll.The interior is cool with the long communal tables and benches. It also seems to be easier to get a seat than other AYCE places around town. The times I went I've never had to wait, which is perfect when my patience is running low, I'm hungry, and all I want to do is stuff my face.
5	Best sushi i ever had, this place really set the bar for my future sushi endavours! They use some really good ingredients, including lobsters, scallops, and oyster. Everything was sooo tasty, ice cream is also included with the buffet, its a must try. Get the volanic roll as well, its awesome.
4	This is a different AYCE experience.  We went for dinner and the menu was interesting.  Mini orders of ribeye, katsu, and ramen are available, as well as some specials.  The prices are the same as Goyemon, so if it's crowded there you could hop over here.  I enjoyed the tempura, salmon nigiri, ribeye, katsu, and grilled fish very much.  I was sad that crabmeat (the shredded crab in the california rolls) wasn't available on the nigiri menu.It is a great stop for AYCE and some other dishes.  I'll be back.
4	I came here after my friends and I realized how long the line was at Goyemon. That was no problem at all for Umiya since they had no wait!! We were seated promptly and got straight to ordering. The food was excellent but the customer service was subpar due to the fact that our orders got lost constantly. We had to keep reordering the same dishes. Also, our waitress took awhile to get back to us in between orders. Other than that, good food + no wait will keep me as a repeat customer.
5	When I heard all you can eat, I was already game. But when I heard all you can eat sushi, I was even more intrigued. As my first time visiting the city of excess, I was super stoked to eat to excess from one of Vegas' many bountiful buffets. But what's this you say?! There's actually a restaurant that lets you eat as much sushi to heart's content at a capped cost? Don't mind if I do!Not only was the service eager to please and friendly, but the options were as plentiful as the portions. I tried some grilled peppers, tempura jalapeno peppers with cream cheese and tuna, wonderful, spicy yellow tail roll, and melt-in-your mouth yellow tail sushi nigiri. The most unique element was that you had the option to roll your sushi in brown rice instead of white - not healthier but a whole new texture, too!
5	I wanted to try a new sushi spot for AYCE sushi and this place popped it. Boy did I strike gold! I am so glad that I came across this place. I usually frequent Sushi House Goyemon whenever I have that sushi craving but this one is up there with it. There are somethings that are done better here than over there and vice versa but Umiya was a pleasant surprise. They have a huge selection and have a 90 minute time limit.Highlights:Crispy Rice with Spicy Tuna - OMG can I say that this was one of the best crispy rice and spicy tuna combos I have ever had. The rice was perfectly crispy and didn't overwhelm the spicy tuna. The Spicy tuna was perfect and had the right taste - I could taste the freshness of the fish.  I had two orders of these because they were THAT good.Nigiri, Salmon and albacore - the fish was super fresh and exactly what I expected. They didn't overdo the rice like they do at other places so I am thankful for that. Agedashi Tofu - THE BEST AGEDASHI TOFU I'VE EVER HAD. Yes, I had to put that in all caps to emphasize how good it was. I had 4 orders. You heard that correctly. I know this is a sushi place but they do all of their other non-sushi dishes so well! The broth was delicious and the batter was light and crispy while the tofu was silken and melted in my mouth.Spicy Tuna Salad - large chunks of tuna in a spicy sauce mix. Delicious! Too bad you can only order 1 of these per person.The only negative thing I would have to say about this place is that they have more dishes that are only 1 per person (desserts, some sushi items, etc) than Goyemon and that they don't do half rolls (so I can't try as many rolls as I would if I were to go to Goyemon). Other than that, they are on par with other AYCE sushi places and I will definitely be coming back!
4	Over-all experience I would rate 3.5~ Called ahead to see if Goyemon had a wait and they did so we ended up at Umiya~I didn't know it was Korean owned until the server started speaking to us in Korean haha awesome~ The place is a nice size, looks modern & is clean with a few flat screens and k pop music playing in the backround.. reminds me of the Korean bars in LA with their wooden tables (some people might not like the bench seating but at least you're not forced to share a table with strangers..) but they also have a few regular tables towards the back.. Our server was friendly and fast.. We both did the AYCE dinner ($26.96) and started off with:-tuna poke salad (1/pp)- good chunks of tuna, nice marinade and not too much salad-seared salmon salad (1/pp)- I liked the salmon quality and it came on a bed of greens & daikon-salmon skin salad- I wish the salmon skin was crispier-raw oyster (2pieces/pp)- wasn't the best quality but better than Hikari's -seared tuna sashimi with AJ sauce (2pieces/pp)- good quality I liked the sauce it was creamy & tangy-agedashi tofu- yummy-softshell crab- these were HUGE -monkey brain- spicy tuna stuffed avocado.. it's deep-fried but doesn't mention that on the menu-grilled yellowtail- was kind of dry and they were out of salmon & yellowtail collarThen we got assorted nigiri:-quality- ok...it's not that it was bad but the fish quality was just not all there for me.. Some things like the ikura tasted SUPER fishy and the coloring on some of the fish like the tuna was dull and not appetizing.. Also they charge extra for quail egg and soy paper even when you do AYCE.. They don't have fresh scallops on the menu :( What I did LOVE was their fish to rice ratio.. they give you very little rice.. YAY ;]]] I also noticed some things we ordered never made it to the table like baby octopus skewers, pork belly, fried shrimp heads.. So there must have been some miscommunication with the kitchen.. Like I said over-all experience was a 3.5... I think I will come back for a lunch bento box or back if they did some Happy Hour prices on their apps and rolls but maybe not for AYCE.. well not until they step up their fish quality game haha ~ HOT TIP: ask about their drink specials.. it seems they always have some sort of promotion going on!
4	Just came from here and the customer service earns it 4 stars from me.  Alex, the sushi, chef was very nice and engaging.  He asked me my name and where I was from and honestly made it seem like he would like my repeat business.  I felt very welcome and he seemed genuine.When I come back to town this will be the first AYCE sushi place that I will hit.  The waiter and waitresses were nice, some of the kitchen items came out slow, but I was kept entertained.  Alex explained to me and another customer some of the ins and outs of fish mongering.  He also fixed us two special nagiris. I am now a fan of the Ono! If you read this, thank you Alex and staff for a wonderful meal experience.
5	We came here for my boyfriends birthday.  We each got the AYCE sushi.  The AYCE menu was extensive and we each enjoyed every roll and selection that we made.  My boyfriend was really happy that we got to try Uni for the first time here (included on the AYCE menu).  The service was very nice too.  I would definitely recommend to a friend.
2	Disappointing and frustrated will be the first 2 words that come to mind when I think of this place.  The freshness and taste were normal for Vegas.  Really nothing special here. After the yelp  recommendation failed me here as well as two of my friends.  Here is the bad part of it all. The sushi wouldn't stay together.  Every bite of sushi fell apart.  Sorry if I wanted rice and fish in  big pile on a plate I would go else where.  If you are visiting Vegas forget the 4.5 stars of this place unless you are used to disappointment. One last thing this is the only AYCE this limits you to one dessert.....really???Go to yama or sushi mon.
4	This place is pretty good. Nice and clean. We had a bunch of rolls. I learned pretty quick to tell them rolls that come with sauces please put on the side. The chefs have a heavy hand with some of the sauces otherwise the rolls were fresh and very good.Would definitely come back and try some other stuff.
5	One of the best experiences that you will get. You are treated like a special guest there. The chef created beautiful art pieces for us from his training from over a decade. His artworks were carved with great details and the food was amazing. It is hard to believe that it is an AYCE place because the experience is actually better than most a-la-carte places.
5	I found my new favorite sushi restaurant!! (once again) Most of my previous experiences in sushi places in Vegas were pretty good, but the ones with really good sushi lacked in choices for appetizers or good appetizers with bad sushi. Sometimes it would be good sushi in a run down place. Umiya has it all! Really good choices in appetizers, amazingly fresh sushi ( a la carte fresh!), trendy indoor decor, and friendly staff! It seems like there is always one person in a large group does not like sushi. No worries! With so many choices in appetizers, and a lot of non-sushi items, your group can have a pleasant dinner without someone going hungry. For all you sake lovers, chef Alex has many exotic sake from all over in Japan that will suffice your thirst. Chef Alex is very picky when it comes to purchasing his fish and you will be very pleased with the quality of your food.
2	Right when I walked in, it reminded me of another sushi place I've been to & it didn't click until we got the check that it is Kaizen (also in Vegas)! My friends & I came here about a month ago because we were craving AYCE sushi & wanted to try someplace new. The reviews looked good on Yelp, so why not? There were a couple of good things going for this place. It is a BIG space, which is nice compared to smaller sushi places like Goyemon or Sushi Koma. Another nice thing is that their nigiri is small, which we liked so we could have more of the other sushi.Now, onto the bad. The biggest thing I did not like was their service. We ordered the first round of sushi & rolls - which was fine. Then a couple more. Then we decided to ask the waiter for recommendations. We ordered some of the special rolls since our first round of sushi was mainly nigiri. Well, the waiter who brought our rolls brought the wrong rolls! & the original waiter LEFT FOR THE DAY. Wait, what?! I'm used to places introducing the second waiter or at least letting us know if they are taking a break or leaving. So, of course, we're telling this new waiter that the rolls he brought us are NOT the ones we ordered. He kept saying one was the lobster roll & we had a shrimp tempura roll - which was the same thing! So we had these two baked rolls (that were the same!) which are heavy, so of course we got full faster. We didn't send one of those rolls back which was our fault, but in the end, they didn't charge us for what we didn't finish, so I guess we're even.
3	Competition is tough if you're looking to open a sushi joint in Vegas, not to mention an AYCE one. I've been to great places and to pretty unsatisfying ones; Umiya sits somewhere in the awkward middle, dangling towards the unsatisfying.I'll be brief because this place was not very memorable.The Good:Decor (Very nicely decorated, lots of space and table room)Salmon nigiriIka NigiriYelp check-in = free drinkThe Bad:Service (No one even looked me in the eye, let alone acted friendly, aside from the lone waitress)Yellowtail (Not horrible, but probably one of the worst I've had in Vegas)Ikura (Noticeably small and tasted kind of funky)Charge for hot teaThe Okay:Everything else we ate (all nigiri, mochi ice cream)Presentation (ex: tuna poke was haphazardly piled onto the place with seaweed salad, looked unappealing, bad cuts of fish)Fresh oysters offered only for dinner even though it's not indicated on the menu like other dinner-only items. All specials only for dinner as well.
3	No more All You Can Drink offered. Sadness!!! The selection was slightly limited for AYCE. There was an extra charge for fresh wasabi. They were out of scallops and oysters. The quality was decent for all you can eat. The nigiri was on smaller side but proportional in terms of fish to rice.  Dynamite was overpowered with cheese.  Service was decent. It was an average experience, at most. Goyemon still the AYCE of choice in Vegas.
5	Great sushi buffet! The sushi is fresh and the service is great. Nice ambience too. Love the spicy tuna salad-yum! The bacon wrapped scallop is so yummy too! All their rolls r fabulous! Would highly recommend it. This is now my regular spot whenever I'm in Vegas.
4	I have been to Umiya... probably about 10 times, sometimes even twice a week. For someone like my sister and I who work til 10 or 11pm, a spot that opens late into the night is perfect and apparently it's hard to find in a 24 hour city like this one. I like Umiya for one thing and one thing only: their sushi and quality of fish. Most of the rolls that I've tried are pretty damn good. (Salmon killer; orange blossom, and although this roll was my absolute all time favorite, they must have tweaked something because it just doesn't taste the same; snow white; rattlesnake) The nigiri is composed well in terms of the ratio of rice to fish. The quality of their ingredients are fresh--with the exception of avocados perhaps being too fresh since it was nearing raw in my Monkey Brain. Oh man, with an abundance of ginger flowing with my nigiri and rolls, I'm a girl in heaven after a long day at work!The only thing that holds me back from a 5 star rating is the service. To pick on the nitty gritty stuff, even though the servers know my sister and I their greeting is always the same. (I work in the service industry as a waitress and I can't say that I'm the best in my field but 8 out of 10 customers complement me on my service and I can say with confidence that 100% of the returning customers like to be recognized.) Whether they are busy or not, they rarely check up on my table and we always have to ask for attention. Even when they drop off our orders they never seem to ask if everything is alright and if we need something. I hope that they realize quickly that service is just as important as food for a business and regroup the way they serve customers. Other than the service, a must try sushi joint! :)
4	Went with three other sushi regulars and one newbie.  All enjoyed immensely.  $45 out the door despite several shared beers and sake.  I'll go back for sure.
3	This place is so so for the food. I just went here for lunch, and it was about 23 dollars for AYCE.If you like rolls and nigiri for AYCE, it's just ok, not that great. For nigiri, a couple of my tuna and albacore orders didn't look that fresh. They don't have a huge selection of rolls, but they're still ok.If you like AYCE for the non sushi selection, they have pretty good stuff. I really like their grilled salmon and this tofu dish. I actually really enjoyed the tuna poke. I did like that they had more variety for their ice cream mochis than other sushi restaurants.As for the ambiance and the customer service, It was pretty good! The decor is pleasant and modern looking. Our waitress was very nice, polite, and attentive too. Overall, this place is alright, but it's not my favorite. The good thing about this place, though, is if you check in on yelp, you get a free soda or small sake!
4	Las Vegas is slowly ascending in the ranks of US culinary cities. In fact, Las Vegas has been regarded as one of the best destinations for AYCE sushi. I tried Umiya during my recent visit to Vegas since it was close to my hotel. The restaurant is about a mile off the strip, across the street from the Palms Place hotel.Umiya is Korean-operated just like most AYCE sushi restaurants in the West Coast. Upon entering, the sushi chefs shout out 'Hello' and 'Welcome' greetings in Korean. In the background, there are TVs with PSY music videos playing on repeat (Gangnam style and Gentleman). Kind of strange to be in a Korean environment while eating Japanese sushi, but if you focus on the food, the awkwardness can be filtered out.Umiya carries a similar menu to competitive AYCE sushi restaurants. For example, tuna, albacore, super white tuna, salmon, yellowtail, halibut, red snapper, shrimp, eel, mackerel, etc are on the sushi list. However, Umiya distinguishes itself from the pack by offering premium sushi. There are 3 daily specials of high quality fish. During my visit, they were spanish mackerel, giant clam, and striped bass. Sometimes, the specials may include sea bream and giant scallop. These varieties are rarely found in common AYCE sushi lists. On top of that, there were oysters, uni, and ama-ebi. All of the premium and special items have a limit of 1 order, but it was not really enforced since order forms and records were not used. The oysters, uni, spanish mackerel, and halibut were my favorites. The quality and freshness of the fish were invariably excellent. Fish were cut thick, characteristic of the Korean preference. Unfortunately, the presentation was sometimes poor. Sauces were overapplied to the fish at times, resulting in sauce overflowing onto the plate and rice. A carefully-crafted piece of nigiri should not have ponzu or soy sauce staining the rice before it reaches the consumer. This is a common occurrence in Korean AYCE sushi restaurants, attributed to the lack of attention to detail by casual sushi chefs.Organization was another issue that I encountered. Umiya did not utilize order forms at the bar. Each customer is expected to order in front of a chef. Unfortunately, the chefs could not handle large orders. I tried making 10 to 12 orders at once but he was overwhelmed and could only recite 4 to 6 at a time. When the restaurant filled up halfway during our meal, I was neglected for over 30 minutes in favor of the new diners. An order form and queue would be appropriate for Umiya to implement in the future.Aside from the aforementioned issues, Umiya is phenomenal for the price. $25 for decent fish and seafood with premium options is an exceptional deal. This is perfect for those who are hungry, seeking a budget sushi restaurant in Vegas, and can sacrifice a little bit of quality. I am already anticipating a visit to Umiya during my next visit to Vegas.
5	This place was really good but surprisingly not busy. Service was great on a Saturday night with my HOTT Date..check-in with yelp and get free sake.  servings were big and bench seating was new.  Place is designed for huge parties...reminds me of the Hofbraus but Asian version.
1	First of all, I would give no star at all but since its not one of the option on Yelp, they get one star from me.This place is run by Korean which it's not your traditional Japanese Sushi place. Believe me, I have no problem with Korean. In fact, I love Korean food and I eat all the time but don't you think they should stick to what they are good at? Like BBQ, etcBack to food...Sushi rice is too hard and not sticky enough like what the good sushi rice should be.Fish selection is very limited and just ok fresh.Miso soup is not good at all. Those instant miso soup is 100 times better.Chicken and shrimp Skewers are joke to me. Very dry, very small and excessive with sauce.Overall, this place is NOT GOOD AT ALL AND DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY AND STOMACH.
5	The food is amazing.  One of the best shrimp tempuras I've ever had. Rolls are tasty and well balanced in flavors.  Rivals amazing food I had in Tokyo. Ambience is chic and trendy.
3	It was my first time here. I like how big the restaurant is and the unique tables. I was excited to try a new place. I heard this place was good, read some of the reviews, and was drooling over the photos! The restaurant was not that busy, our rolls came out pretty fast, and they were delicious! I usually stick with ordering the nigiri but I wanted to try some new rolls! I loved how the menu had pictures and the descriptions. The food was great but the experience....not so much...we had to ask several times to get our waters refilled and then when we ordered dessert, the one that we would think took longest to make (tempura ice cream) came out first and all others were forgotten (ice cream and mochi).I would definitely go back because the food was great and people deserve second chances! Maybe the service will be better next time! Oh, and please take out the stupid Harlem shake music video off the loop! It is so annoying! :)
4	Living in Las Vegas I have tried a number of AYCE Sushi places and would definately recommend this restaurant. There is a wide selection of rolls and the ones I and a friend tried were tasty, especially the Lobster Crunch roll. Yes, they can over do the Ponzu sauce a bit so you might ask for your rolls without or very light on the sauce. The rolls are big and there are no half orders (I didn't see this as an option at least) so order what you are going to eat. Also a great selection of items on the menu aside from Sushi. The grilled pork belly was very good and served sizzling on a hot platter. I also enjoyed the Tempura Calamari. Served as strips and not over done and chewy as rings tend to be.We went on a week night, not crowded and we sat at the Sushi bar. The chefs and wait staff  were friendly but I can see it might get hectic if the place is full since they were light on wait staff.  So get your initial order in and then when you are looking to order more don't think about 1 item at a time. For the AYCE they give you 1 1/2 hours which should be more than enough time to satisfy your Sushi fix. They have specials written up on the board that are not part of the AYCE, so be aware of that. But I recommend you try Umiya and make your own decision. I know I will be back.
2	This is an updated review. I remember this place to be so good. So my family was in town and we decided to go there. What a mistake. First of all the place was dead and now I know why the quality of fish is not what it used to be. The rolls weren't as good as I remember it. The service was horrible and the waitress had an attitude so did the waiter. With so many other sushi places to choose from sorry to say I won't be back!
5	I had a good experience here; nothing to complain about! Good food and good service. AND a free sake when you check in on Yelp.. that won me over. I was with a large group of 10 and the waiters/waitresses were very patient and accommodating. It was a Saturday afternoon and was not busy so the food came out shortly. I thought the AYCE menu had a great variety (ribeye steak, chicken katsu, and fresh oysters all included). Only the uni is offered for dinner price/upgrade for +$2.
5	My wife and I were looking for a good sushi place to have dinner. Using Yelp we found Umiya near our hotel. We decided to give this place a try based on the reviews. The place was not very busy for dinner during the weeknight. Jay and Krystal was our servers that night and they did a wonderful job of taking our orders and refilling our drinks. We never had to ask for refills they just knew when we needed it. They are very friendly and accommodating. We went for all you can eat buffet style. For dinner it was 26.95 per person vs. 22.95 for lunch. The only difference is that for dinner you can order one Uni, sweet shrimp, and some tuna dish. But honestly not worth the extra four dollars you have to pay unless you can not make it for lunch or you love Uni. The food for a buffet was good and reasonable fresh. (I mean we are out in a dessert LOL). We enjoyed all the dishes except for Uni (not a fan of the slimmy sea creature=P_) and the Ginkgo (some kind of fried beans). The rolls were big and very filling. I would recommend to order one roll at a time and try lots of appetizers and udon/ ramen dish. This way you will not fill up on the rolls without getting the chance to try the other dishes.I would recommend this place.
5	I seldom give good reviews but I must say Umiya is great for AYCE sushi. They have both AYCE sushi and a la carte style. We did the AYCE sushi. They have a great selection of sushi rolls, appetizers and small dishes. Their sushi is pretty fresh and delicious. I like the ambience and the decor. Service was good. Jay and Krystal who serves us was accommodating and attentive. If you check in using Yelp or Facebook you get a free soda. =)However you are only limit to one dessert each. =(Overall, I would recommend them.
5	Everything was awesome! White tuna, hamachi, salmon, al tuna, salmon Kama, soft shell crab, salmon skin salad, pork belly, agedashi tofu, rib eye steak, fresh oyster,...the list goes on and on! The restaurant is nicely put together...very modern and clean.  Service was very very good.  Friendly and attentive.  We were so impressed that we happily tipped 25 %.  The only thing that has room for improvement was the grilled hamachi but it was still edible.  The thing I wish would be different is that they would stop charging for hot tea and soft drinks... :-/Regardless of the minor things I mentioned here.  Umiya blows Yama and Kaya away, BIG TIME!!!!   Unlike these two...The service here at Umiya is excellent!I would def go back! Keep up the good work!
5	Delicious food, wonderful service.  We will be back in the near future!
5	Good AYCE. No complaints nice variety of items on the menu.
5	Best sushi in Vegas! Super fresh,  must try salmon killer and the tuna poki :)
4	UMIYA has excellent food and a good... no... GREAT !!! diverse variety so it's not like "Todai" or a run of the mill AYCE Asian Buffet. This features made to order QUALITY food.The AYCE (all you can eat) Menu features so many specialty rolls, it would be best to come with a larger party of 4 or more people so you can try a little of everything.They serve non-Sushi items too, which makes it a great place to eat!Parking is easy (Vegas is always easy for a metropolitan city) The price is around $25 for lunch.
4	Let me preface by saying that I am not a sushi snob. I have been to dozens of sushi spots, and only one has been disappointing in terms of actual taste. Most sushi places tastes the same to me. So my criterion for good sushi is predicated heavily on atmosphere, service, and deals. On that note, this place was up to par with all three of my criteria. It's a pretty place; modern, open, and stylish. It was dinner time and there weren't many people in there -- although, it was a Tuesday night. I like a social atmosphere, so being one of the few groups there was a downer. The service was great, outgoing, and very accommodating. They even let us order one last roll out of the 90-minute AYCE limitation. One of the best parts of Umiya is the full bar, a rarity in sushi places. The deals were the best part. Very competitive AYCE prices. Also, there were great sake deals with buy two, get one free (we had nine in total). All in all, Umiya was a solid place which was perfect for a double date.
2	My star rating is not due to the food. We had AYCE sushi and it was very good. Fish tasted fresh and there was a lot of choices. Price was reasonable. Restaurant was clean and the ambiance was enjoyable. The problem was the service was painfully slow. It took 45 mins after ordering to get our first roll. There is a 90 min time limit on AYCE. Getting our check dropped off and picked up also took WAY too long. I might come back if I have a lot of time to kill.
4	I'm still fairly new to the Las Vegas are so I am still trying to get aware of all the AYCE sushi bars around here.  This one is at the top of my list so far.  I had gone with a group of my boys from college, trying to satisfy our late night sushi cravings!  We were sat right away and started off ordering the load of nigiri. I think our first order was 10 Hamachi, 5 sake, 5 maguro.  When I go out for sushi I don't mess around! The thing I loved most about this place was that the nigiri came with small portions of the rice and a good sized slice of sashimi on top.  The sake (salmon) was oh so good! melt in your mouth kind of fish.  They also had many great appetizers to choose from my favorite had to be the either the fried soft shell crab and baked mussels, literally heaven!  The staff was great, our waitress was funny and even cracked jokes with us during the night which I always like seeing.  The only con I have about this place is that when i ordered my uni is tasted a little frozen not as fresh as the other places I have around Vegas.  But for the most part I enjoyed this place very much and will definitely be back for another round at Umiya :)
3	The buffet ("all you can eat") here is ok. Just ok, not great. Tons of sushi... and it's deceptively filling. They also have some one order items like raw oysters that you can get with the "all you can eat" deal. The highlight here... and what you wouldn't expect... is the fried rice. Yes, the fried rice. The chicken fried rice was really really delicious. Great flavor, and the chicken was fried on the outside. I cannot express how delicious the fried rice is. It makes no sense but it just is. I also would have to point out that this place is most likely not run by Japanese people. They hand you the bill before all the food on the table is gone which is less than cordial. No Japanese restaurant run by actual Japanese people would ever think of treating a customer that way.
5	My favorite sushi place in las vegas. ! Isnt it amazing that they are very new sushi reataurant has lots of compliments ! I love their appetizers and sushi. All staffs are very friendly and nice. They are even humorous lolI would love to go back to this place and eat sushi again.
4	Waitress last night was shitty ...,, left her a dollar tip for being rude ....  It's sux cuz this is one of my fav sushi spots,...  2thumbs down on service last night
4	We went here for the All You Can Eat (AYCE) Sushi and it was delicious. They were uber attentive to us, but it wasn't packed that night so I can't judge if this is how it is every night.  The rolls were delicious, we also had some hot garlic edamame and nigiri. Very fresh.The rolls were quite intricate and I wish I had a bigger stomach to try more, but alas, AYCE sushi always ends.  I did check in on Yelp for the free sake, totally worth it.The ambiance was great, fun music with the music videos but they also had the football game on.  I loved the interior and it felt more modern than some of the other AYCE places and also more open. Although I wasn't a large group this time, this place is a much better fit for a large group than other places I've eaten at.
4	Great food, sushi and decor was good.  Skewers and appetizers were kind of small, but the sushi was appetizing.  Service was ok, but the sushi was good regardless. I would return for more.
5	I was staying at Gold Coast and was craving AYCE sushi.  Goyemon always has a bit of a line, and my old locals spot Naka was too far a drive.  Yelp rated Umiya well so I thought I'd give it a shot.The layout of this place is amazing, and it should fit a lot of people even if it gets popular.  Here's hoping this place picks up, because it was dead when I went.No complaints about the AYCE really, other than the limitations on quantity of certain items.  They even had similar unique appetizers to Goyemon, including crispy rice spicy tuna and pork belly.My friend was a non-sushi eater and seemed pleased with the steak options on the AYCE menu, so that's also a major plus.  Oh, and this is probably the closest AYCE to the strip, which can be a HUGE plus.  I'll be back.
5	This place is beautiful!   I loved the ambiance!  Love the long tables with benches & the sushi bar!  We came for AYCE sushi with our local friends as this is their fave spot.  It's located about 1 mile from the Strip & easy to find in the strip mall. The food was fresh & yummy!   I normally don't like cream cheese in my rolls,  but the Japanese Lasagna was pretty good!  The portions are good sized.  We ordered lots of different types of food, shrimp tempura, grilled squid, sushi rolls, hand rolls, nigiri & oysters. The Snow White roll,  soft shell crab with ono was delish. Yellowtail hand rolls were amazing with nigiri sized fish with minimal rice. It was $22.95 for lunch & $26.95 for dinner.   You only get a few extra items for the dinner menu such as 1 order of amaebi, 1 order of uni & a few other things I forgot. The service was great as there werent too many people when we were there. Music included today's pop along with the videos. Check in offer: free soda!We'll be back for sure!
1	I decided to do all you can eat.. I ordered sake (salmon) and maguro (tuna) The quality was horrible it smelled like it was on the verge of being spoiled (fishy smell) ... The tuna looked dull and almost brownish yuck!!!Knowing I had "all you can eat" I decided I was going to order my money's worth However everything I wanted that looked fresh from their picture menu was a la carte basically it made me think that the good quality fish was only for a la carte and "all you can eat" were the left overs "let's make some money on this before we throw it out"I was so disappointed because I found this place on yelp and the reviews looked great;(
5	We ate here lastMinute. This was the only place open late on a Sunday and I'm glad that we ended upHere. The vibe is modern and comfortable. Very spacious and the food is more than bomb. The Lisa Lisa roll is a must! I would definitely eat here again esp since I visit monthly.
4	This place is awesome blossom!  I really liked the variety they had to offer.  Most decent AYCE sushi places I have been to only have a few non sushi items.  This is a place that I can take friends who do not enjoy sushi.  They can still eat a lot of food and get their money's worth too while I gorge on sushi.  It has something for everyone.  I would have given it 5 stars if the service was not so slow toward the middle/end.  I feel like they purposely slowed down on making our orders at the end because we were eating so much.  The slow service was in reference to the cooks/sushi chefs only.  The waiter and waitresses were all sweet and attentive.
4	Great AYCE menu for the same price as most of the sushi place in town. Great service. All the food we ordered taste great. Only thing I wish they had was some drink specials. Hot tea was a little expensive, paid $7.50 for it. Still wondering why it cost that much for 1 tea. Other than that we had a great time.
1	I have been to almost every sushi restaurant in Las Vegas and this one wins the worst restaurant award. I initially said I wanted to get the all you can eat and then asked leaned that most of what I wanted to order was on the a la cart menu. They wouldn't allow me to switch over because they claimed they would have to pay tax on a voided transaction(which is incorrect). So I had to pay the all you can eat price plus everything else I wanted to order.  The service was terrible, food was mediocre. Never going back.
5	Everything was delicious! The place has a great ambiance and the chef/owner is really nice!  Definitely coming back!
5	We tried this place for lunch, we are from Arizona but try to get to Vegas a few times a year, mainly for the sushi! This place is our new favorite! Great atmosphere and nice and roomy. The menu is huge and easy to read, so many options! Their rolls are all delicious and appetizers and salads rock! They have awesome sauces that aren't too overpowering but still really delicious! You don't find these great sauces at a lot of other places! Nigiri is on the smaller side but we decided that might be a good thing so you can try more stuff and eat less rice! Their white tuna was to die for! Overall this place is a 10!! We will be back, and dream about this sushi for the next 6 months!
4	Great Japanese sushi only issue is the drinks aren't unlimited but its something stupid
5	First impressions are important. And right as I walked in, the atmosphere was great. Sleek, modern look with a Japanese twist. Now, for the food and menu. AYCE dinner is $27. Couple bucks more than the typical sushi place. But well worth it. Variety and size of the menu is more than enough. There's plenty of fun rolls and also a excellent selection of the more traditional nigiri style. I've been here more than once and each time is does not disappoint. I def recommend this place to everyone
2	This was my first time here and I definitely won't be coming here again. I went here for my friend's birthday party, expected it to be a good place because of the nice ambiance. I was wrong. Almost everyone got AYCE. After the waiter took our order, we waited for a long time for our food to come out. Besides our table, there were about 4 other small tables. Not so busy. One of us ordered Chicken Katsu, he waited 40 minutes for it to come out while the rest of us ate our sushi. It should not take that long for them to make chicken katsu unless they had to hunt a chicken down, skin it, THEN cook it. The service was terrible, the quality of the sushi seemed like they pre cut it. I tend to stay within my usual ayce sushi places but since this was for my friend's 20th birthday we all tried it out. The only reason why I'm not giving it a 1 star because of this one waiter, unfortunately I didn't get his name but he looked Korean and he had a cross necklace. He was the only waiter who provided us with good service. The other workers had attitude and one female worker with red hair accidentally hit my friend on the head with a plate and he did not get an apology. This place is NOT worth going to.
5	Wonderfully deliciously awesome!!!!! Dropped in for lunch and coworking, and got in before the lunch rush in case there's one of those on a weekday. I had the most excellent and memorable bento box special that I've ever had - the pre-meal miso soup was well paced, like a minute after I ordered, a dramatic pause, then the main course bento box came rolling out. There are actually 8 types of bento boxes, and I got the 4-piece sushi & chicken teriyaki. What made this bento box the bestest was the chicken teriyaki specially prepared with artfully cut carrots, zucchini, mushroom, broccoli, onions, in a savory sauce. And the tempura had 5 or 6 pieces, usual fare plus a bonus gyoza! Salad and sushi were very good, no extra descriptive words necessary. Very enjoyable all around, and the waitress checked on how I was doing 5 or 6 times, very kind and attentive. The decor and ambiance neatly minimalistic with wooden tables and benches, sushi bar, and 2 side box rooms for a little more privacy. And with a Starbucks next door, the wifi signal is strong enough for me to hangout here a bit longer and cowork. Sweetness!
5	I can start with saying that this is by far the place I have eaten out most times for dinner over the last few years. I wouldn't do that if I didn't love it! Giving it 5 stars is a bit nice of me, and it is to be honest close to 4 stars. But I'll go with the 5 stars for now :)I would recommend going for the "all you can eat" option. Especially if you are at least two persons since you then can order different things and share (if you don't like sharing you suck). For me sharing the different rolls and talk about them as we eat is a good experience. I will recommend starting with a Screaming O(rgasme) and some Edamame. Of the rolls there are several good ones: Orange Blossom, Sexy Roll and the Baked Salmon Roll are among my favorites. And you have to get the tuna pieces in AJ sauce. They do have things that are not typical Japanese on their menu. I wouldn't recommend those to be honest. This is a sushi restaurant!I will keep coming back here for sure!
5	Remember the scene in When Harry Met Sally where Meg Ryan is in the restaurant and she acts out the orgasm? Thats how my friends and I felt when we opened up and saw the all you can eat menu at Umiya in Las Vegas!! The price is amazing and the food  exquisite!  Creamy agedashi tofu that melts in your mouth and tuna poke that make me want to poke you (hahaha)! Where else can you find a roll with high self esteem ("I love my ass roll")? Bottom line: skip the strip and eat here for good quality Japanese food that will make you feel like you are sitting at a Tokyo table.
2	I've been to Umiya a few times. The first time was outstanding. The fish was fresh and flavorful, the service attentive, and there's a decent menu selection for AYCE. Excited to have found a great new sushi place, I went back to try the lunch specials, which were also great. However, over the last few months the quality and service have taken a nosedive. A friend and I were in on a Sat night for AYCE dinner. We were seated promptly even though it was somewhat busy, but we hadn't even got our coats off before someone came to take our order. Clearly not ready yet. Then, when we were ready, despite the army of staff, no one came. I'll spare the extensive list of service fails throughout the evening, but it's really the service that is earning the 2 star rating here. Basically, we didn't get what we ordered the first time, were unable to get someone to take a follow up order, had food thrown down on the table by servers on their way to somewhere else, and were overcharged. To top it off, the fish was bland and the portion sizes had shrunk from previous visits. I'd rate the food about 2.5 stars. Time to scratch this one off the list. There's just so many better places in town.
5	great sushi..really fresh and peapole are nice.   we are regulars here all the time.       try the lobster crunch roll! (:
5	Usually when a place advertises AYCE, they're usually either sacrificing quality or service. This is not the case at Umiya.I went there last night and the service was fantastic. The server was at our table at regular intervals to check on us and was extremely knowledgeable about the menu. She also made suggestions based on our tastes that were spot on.The menu is incredible. Appetizers, salads, soups, ramen and steak (yes, steak) were all available on the $26 AYCE menu as well as sushi and nigiri. The food is high quality, fresh, and the chefs were willing to tweak their rolls according to my very picky (I prefer selective) taste.We were there kind of later (12am-1:30am--they close at 2am) but not once felt a rush to leave or pressure from the staff.The Umiya experience was amazing and I'll definitely be back. This is probably my new favorite sushi joint.
5	This place is so awesome! The service is great and the food is so on point! I truly recommend this spot it's delish!
5	So it's valentines day the day we went & every where was crazy packed. But unmiya was the one sushi place that didn't have a waiting list. So we went for it. We usually go to goyemon but it's always super busy and this place is just as good as goyemon ! The restaurant ambience is nice. Very chill and relaxing. Not to dark not to bright. We got seated at the bar. The servers are really friendly. The sushi is all fresh. We did AYCE and ordered nigiri and other rolls which were all good and fresh. The sushi chefs were friendly also and always asked us if we needed anything else. 5/5
3	First time trying Umiya and it was a hit and miss in one seating. I would say the best thing would be their appetizers because they're all so yummy ! I really liked their baked mussels and their bacon wrapped scallops. Also their tuna poke is probably the best around since I'm really picky about what I like ! I tried their oysters and they're really fresh and taste so good !Moving onto the main course, the AYCE sushi ! I love love love sushi, but it was just alright to me. I had really high expectations, but I was disappointed /: everything tasted so bland and simple, not much flavor to them. And although they had a wide selection, I didn't find anything interesting to try out. Probably the good ones were the spicy rolls, but I didn't try since I wasn't feeling something HOT. Ohwells.... Oh ! And they burnt my rice when making their baked rolls, so be aware !!!!Overall, I love their appetizer selection. The AYCE was fresh, but not enough flavor to satisfy. And dessert was good, but their tempura part of the tempura ice cream was not good at all for me. Not sure if I'll come back /: sorry, I'll be taking my money elsewhere.
2	You get what you paid for, with that being said, why would u come to an all you can eat sushi joint?The good thing is, they have a very extensive menu, the place was well decorated and service was exceptional the night I came here.Now the bad side, all the rolls/sushi is about 70% rice and 30% fish, fine I get that this is AYCE but the quality of the raw stuff is beyond bad, the sweet shrimp and oyster literally made me wanna puke, call me harsh but I'm from LA and my taste buds are spoiled.The rice was hard and they give u plenty of that, I was also informed that if we left out any rice we would be charged, but after a few sushis I almost didn't give a shit cause it was so badMy suggestions, stay away from the sushi or rolls, or anything with rice in them For $26 per person u might as well suck it up and go to a real buffet. If u must come, order yakitori, meat or the appetizer dishes, they're quite good.
5	excellent food excellent selections, many which do not appear even on LA menus and especially for all you can eat. the price cant be beat. 25 for dinner. even have mochi and tempura ice cream options too. It has been years since I have actually fell in love with a restaurant... quick game. test your servers memory. we oredered about 10 things at a time and with no paper and pen they all managed to remember and bring us the proper food. coming back for life.
4	Great food! The All You Can Eat menu is excellent, very wide variety. You will not leave hungry for sure. There are so many dishes to choose from that we will have to go back to try some new ones soon.
3	First time trying this Restaurant and the food is lovely, the atmosphere is great but the staff did not seem to know who was doing what! We sat down and a waiter took our drinks order and then maybe 2 minutes later a waitress came over and asked what we wanted. This happened several times over the course of the evening. Not to mention we had to order something's over again because the food never arrived. From what did arrive the cali rolls and the shrimp tempura are to die for! But the Japanese steak looks, smells and tastes like a bad hamburger... So I guess it's hit or miss!
5	My boyfriend and I were craving sushi for lunch yesterday so I yelped this restaurant and saw a couple of pictures. Since we liked how clean the place looked, we decided to give it a try. We sat down right away. The restaurant offers "all you can eat" sushi. My boyfriend obviously took the challenge. We sat at the bar and we were able to order quickly. I was able to customize my roll. Chef Alex was extremely nice and suggested different rolls to my boyfriend. He liked every single one. He was extremely nice to us and very friendly. Made us feel like a valued regular customer even though it was our first time we ever visited that restaurant. Chef Alex personally introduced himself as the owner of the restaurant and he invited us to try another of his signature rolls for the next time. We recommend this restaurant and we're definitely going back since the service was outstanding and the prices were not bad either!
1	We came here with a group of 9. A few of us had maybe 2 spoon fulls of left overs when we were done eating the "all you can eat sushi." 3 people had 2 bites of salad. One had a bite of rice left. One person had a spoon full of soup at the bottom of her bowl. When we were done the server came over & told us if we didn't finish those last bites of our food they would have to charge extra to the whole table. Really? What if we didn't like the food? You would still make us eat it? Then the server didn't know how to ring up the bill & tried charging us extra anyway. I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone! It's like a prison camp where they are constantly watching us eat and checking our plates as they take each one away! Not a good way to keep customers coming back. Oh and they put extra rice in every sushi roll to get you full faster...
5	If you're looking for a great AYCE sushi joint in town, without having to wait much, check out Umiya.  I've never had to wait to be seated, and normally this would mean the place isn't very good.  But the quality and types of rolls here are pretty good and unique.  My favorite is the Banana Roll, more of a dessert than an entree. Their tuna is always fresh and their chefs are quick to make your order.
5	My favorite sushi place in Vegas. Good price, wide variety of items for all you can eat. I usually order, Nigiri (2 piece) salmon, tuna, garlic tuna, super white tuna, pepper seared tuna, yellowtail; and 3-4 rolls. They also have an entire menu for snack items for AYCE, get the AJ, it's seared tuna sashimi that is marinated, very good. 25$ AYCE dinner price. They also have deep fried ice cream for AYCE. love this place, and the friendly staff.
5	Upon walking in we were happily greeted and quickly seated. The ambience and decor were pleasing. We decided on the all you can eat for $25.95 and WOW was I impressed!  From the bacon wrapped scallops to the sushi rolls and the cute little rib eye steak... all was perfection. Service was stellar too. Would definitely recommend and will certainly return!
5	Fantastic sushi at very reasonable Vegas prices! Great service, free and plentiful parking in private lot. Lots of sushi and sashimi choices. Really tasty seaweed salad and free soda and refills when you check-in on Yelp! Get off the strip and give this place a try, highly recommend!
4	I come here for celebrations because they can accommodate large parties. Why isn't this place more popular? It's so pretty inside and their sushi is not bad. The only complaint I have is that they pack their rice balls so tight for the nigiri. I think they do it to make it look like there is less rice but I'd rather them not because it makes it so much harder to chew each piece. The appetizers and non sushi items are great here. My favorite is the crispy rice with spicy tuna! So good. Another favorite is the rib eye steak. Medium rare is the way to go. It's served as a thin slice on a wooden platter with some dipping sauce on the side. Service is great here. We had a party of 17 so they were prepared and took our orders by table. It was pretty organized. They were able to split the bill a couple times for our convenience. The staff is very friendly and welcoming. No complaints on customer service!
2	So I came here with my friend over the weekend. After looking at their menu, I proceeded to ask if they were affiliated with Sumo Sushi and the waitress said yes. The environment was lovely and just love all the bench seating. The service was great until after we got our desserts. No refilling of water and they weren't anywhere to be found. The food was okay, nothing great. They made their rolls really weird is all I can say. For instance, philly roll, instead of putting everything inside the roll like its suppose to be, the salmon was on top and it just made it taste a bit off. Their poke tasted pretty horrible. It didn't seem like nice big chunk of smooth tuna, instead it was grainy like. The hand roll was just filled with rice, just way too much.Overall, I didn't enjoy myself. I definitely would not be coming back at all. I prefer Sumo Sushi I/II instead.
4	What separates Umiya from other sushi/Japanese restaurants is that their "All You Can Eat" menu includes choices like (chicken or beef) yakisoba, udon, and small steaks if you'd like to take a break from your sushi marathon. I highly recommend the "Seared Tuna Sashimi in AJ Sauce" appetizer. You're only allowed one order per person for dinner, and I can taste why! Desserts are included in AYCE, and the plum wine-flavored ice cream is a MUST. Totally different taste from what it sounds like. The casual/cool atmosphere is great for families and parties, and it's convenient location by the strip is perfect before a night out on the town.
5	Service was great. The chicken teriyaki was perfect and the crunch lobster rolls were amazing. Glad we came in. Whenever I'm in Vegas again I will definitely be coming back.
5	My favorite sushi place hands down!! Their menu is so creative & delicious. Service is great & food comes right away. Always looking forward to eating there!!
4	Came here with my friend cause she was craving sushi...staff was pretty nice..I liked my salmon avocado roll, but I don't think my friend liked hers too much...but mine was fine...it was a really chill place. Close to the Las Vegas Strip
5	I love this place! All of the staff are walking around and attending to everyone so you don't have to wait for your server to come around if you need anything, you could ask anyone.We opted for the AYCE dinner which has a good sized menu to choose from (4 pages) plus dessert, came out to $60 for two people. Great price for great quality food.I rarely ever eat raw food besides tuna, and even then I can't stomach too much of it. However, this place changed my mind. I started with their spicy tuna salad (delicious!) and got hooked. Pretty much everything I ordered after that had spicy tuna in it!We also ordered crunchy lobster roll, oysters, tuna naruto, red mountain, baby octopus, shrimp tempura, crispy rice with spicy tuna, and king of the ocean. Everything tasted great, no complaints from me or my boyfriend, we loved everything.TIP: most rolls can be ordered half sized so that you don't get full from one roll and you can try a variety of menu items. (5 or 6 piece rolls and the whole deep fried rolls can't be half sized)Overall, great experience and will definitely return when I'm in town! If only they would open a location closer to home (;
3	The food is good, service was fast but I had found a hair in my food and I didn't even get an apology.. nothing. I work in the food industry and I know that's a big deal to us if this were to happen. They do kind of hound you if you don't get all you can eat, and somebody else at your table does.. I wasn't going to share or anything, I just wasn't as hungry and wanted one roll.. they proceeded to tell me they're going to be keeping an eye on me to make sure I wasn't eating off of anybody plate, and that they will charge me if I do..
4	Umiya is my current go-to spot for AYCE. Its pretty, modern looking and well-decorated. High ceilings, good lighting, and a screen playing music videos of everything from Rihanna to Girls Generation. Everything you want in a sushi spot! *kidding*I usually only order nigiri + appetizers. They have nice cuts of fish which so far, have always been fresh. Rice is solid. However, if you're a roll person, my friend ordered a few which were pretty delicious. Their appetizer menu is larger than most. I would say it's comparable to that of OYSHI. My favorites being the spicy garlic edamame and spicy tuna crispy rice. Service has always been up to par. The servers are generally friendly and attentive. It's never so crazy busy in there that you feel as though you're ignored and can't put an order in.Note: Last call is at 1:30am. No AYCE after 1:00am, just a la carte. They also have a sushi chef which has a THUG LIFE tattoo. Because that is absolutely relevant.
4	Go hungry and order AYCE!!!Though the sushi is decent, this place is better suited for the cooked entrees. I always get the squid appetizer; usually four portions. Great Korean dishes.I do enjoy sushi, but confess there are a few places in LV that do it a little better.No complaints on the service, but you do get better served when you sit at the sushi bar. A good place for a date, and certainly, a good value to take visitors.
5	This place is awesome!! Great price for AYCE and the sushi is delicious! Really nice staff, perfect late night joint for people who work near the strip
5	Umiya was great. The all-you-can-eat menu was killer and the fish tasted fresh, nothing was "fishy."  The Teriyaki Chicken was also delicious. The music was a little loud at the bar, but it was great other than that.
5	Great selection of food. All you can eat has a great selection of delicious rolls and other type of dishes you can order from. Courteous  servers it was a great place to eat sushi
4	Just tried this place out last night. Sushi here is really good, but the menu is pretty simple for what it is. A lot of the rolls are renditions of the previous roll, just with the addition or removal of one ingredient.  BUT, if I asked them to change a roll to make it more interesting they did it without hesitation. AYCE pricing is the same as everywhere else in town, so I wasn't surprised at all by the price. The environment is really nice and open, doesn't feel crowded or busy like many of the other sushi restaurants, so that was a definite plus. The staff here was ON POINT, they tended to all of our needs and we're very helpful. I couldn't even finish my glass of water before the waitress came around to fill it up again haha.  I will definitely return to this place.
5	Perfect all you can eat sushi... huge menu with even rib eye steak on the all you can eat menu. This place will not disappoint!
5	Awesome place. Sushi is fresh uni is also. Great service. Awesome sushi rows. Mussels are good also. The place is open till 2pm. Last all you can eat is at 130pm. Appetizers are good. I will recommend this place to anybody and it close to the strip to.
5	Keep coming back here because it's the best.  Always have my date nights or girls night out here. You can always count on a good table without a wait and good service from everyone.  The food is fabulous, always fresh and tasty. Unfortunately they added some new rules that limit the AYCE but it's nothing big worth mentioning.  Always recommend this place to everyone. Will definitely be returning again and again.
1	this used to be my go to spot for sushi until three people close to me (all from different visits) got food poisoning from this place. on top of all that, the last time I went the fish weren't fresh at all.  sad....the uni was borderline gross....
5	I was hesitant to try this place because I'm used to going to my regular spots..reason for, is because everytime I go out and try something new, it just never appeals to me, for example, bad service and terrible food even with awesome reviews about those places. So I took a risk and tried this joint out..the place was very subtle and the ambience was relaxing. The server was very attentive and always came to our table at the right time we needed him. Now to the food. The nigiri was super fresh, with the right amount of rice and the appetizers were incredible. The must have are the salmon cheese stick, sizzling pork belly on a skillet, and soft shell crab just to name a few..the rolls were very delicious, great texture and flavors..oh! And you can order half rolls as well so that really got me loving this place even more! So in conclusion, I highly recommend this place and I will definitely be back soon!! Peeeeace!!
4	Orange blossom roll and super white tuna nigiri was sooo good! Came during lunch, not too many people. Only 20$! But didn't come with uni. They're pretty strict about not finishing your food unlike Sushimon or SushiKaya. They play music videos on a projection and I thought that was pretty cool.
4	I love this place! What a great find. $20 all you can eat sushi during the day. I was impressed on the wide selection for the AYCE sushi.  Delicious and fresh. Not bad for the price.  Service is very quick! Definitely go here if you need a quick sushi fix.
2	Service is normally great, but it goes down drastically with large groups. Baked rolls where cold, some rolls were sloppy & fell apart, I asked to pay my bill so I could leave & gave server a $100 who didn't return for 25 minute and I had to remind him to get my change.
1	Food quality is good but I'll never return due to poor customer service. I go to my usual spots for AYCE sushi because the food and service are always consistently great. I only came here for a friend's going away party. Never again.
1	Fish didn't taste fresh. Service from waitress was awful, but the waitstaff that filled waters and ran the food was very good. Won't be returning or recommending.
5	Best spot to have sushi in town! Simple and short... Great and fresh food and very friendly staff! Kampay! A must go for sushi lovers!
2	I really don't get all of the great reviews for this place - this wasn't the worst sushi I've ever had, but it comes pretty close to the bottom of the list. If it matters to you, this is a very Korean sushi place, not Japanese run - complete with K-pop videos and a particularly cute flower boy (pretty) waiter who looked straight out of my Korean dramas. Service was very friendly and since it was empty, the food came out ridiculously fast. This is normally a positive, except that in this case, speed meant careless and sloppy sushi. I got mostly nigiri and everything seemed pretty fresh, but the rice was borderline hard, and the nori was coming off nigiri and hand rolls. My friend's fancy rolls were ok, but drowned in way too much sauce. One of the daily specials was ocean trout, which I've never tried before, but now LOVE - it's really similar to salmon, but better somehow... Spicy tuna on crispy rice was the only other thing I'd say was good. They didn't have a few of the sides pictured on yelp like the fish collar, and nothing that we tried was really above mediocre. Rib eye was half well done, half rare. Japanese hamburg steak (like salisbury steak) was ok, but weird to serve it without rice. Ika yaki grilled squid was rubbery but not bad. Poor grilled baby octopus skewer was just cooked to hell, but I liked the kochujang sauce. Teri chicken was a big bowl of chicken w/ lots of stir fried veggies, friend said it was ok. Soft shell crab tasted like old oil. Pork belly was soft, but not much flavor. Seared tuna with AJ sauce (whatever that is) was a mess, but tasted ok. Uni was sweet and better than some other ayce places. Spicy scallop wasn't spicy at all, and was barely even scallop - it was mostly mildly spicy imitation crab. We mostly came here because of positive yelp reviews, along with some miscommunication on which sushi place a friend had recommended (we found out later that she wasn't talking about Umiya). Unless I came to stalk the cute Korean waiter, I won't be back. I always forget to abide by the rule where if a sushi place has majority non-Asian customers, you should just leave. Every single crappy sushi place I've been to, I look around before we leave and it's a lot of non-Asians enjoying an awesome california roll. Racist to say...sure, but it's been true so far at least in my experience.
5	Really enjoyed the food. Everything was great and very fresh. I had my first taste of sea Trout my new fav. The menu was very similar to Sumo Sushi II even had some of the same rolls. I must say that it was better than Sumo but that was due to our sushi chef chatting with us and explaining the rolls. All in all it was Awesome.
5	What can I say, the place was perfect. I was there for the all you can eat lunch. Unlike all the big buffets in town they make the sushi as you order it, it's not sitting out on a lunch line. Great spot!!
1	used to love this place...they changed the crab they used...which is more like a crab stick...makes the roll taste dry and flavorless. got a shrimp tempura roll not even sure if Shrimp was in it. will not return....
4	The food here is great, but the service is a little slower than I'd like.  With that said, I really like the way they decorated the interior of the restaurant.  There are cool lights that decorate the walls and a big screen that cycles through music videos while you enjoy some fresh sushi.  I'd definitely come back!
5	Come hungry... And don't order to much. The food is Amazing for all you can eat also the have everything...
1	This place has a good idea of fun rolls but is super anal strict of sharing. Came with friends with hopes of a good meal, but it was hard to enjoy it with the servers watching us like hawks thinking we were sharing! They even threatened to charge us extra in the middle of our meal...and when I say threaten, I mean, they were mean in the way they informed us. Trust us, the joint was not that great for us to be lying about sharing. We couldn't get out of there quick enough. If you're looking for all you can eat sushi, you're safer in going to Bacchanal for all you can eat sushi without the harassment of staff giving you the stank eye.
3	Finally I've eaten here and finally I can remove it from my bookmarks list. Hooray!This is about as middle of the road as it's ever going to get. It's so unremarkable that I can't even think of what to say about it other than "this is AYCE sushi." I'd leave it right there but I'm "elite" or whatever for the moment. So...- All the rolls are fine. They are not stellar, finely crafted flavor creations. Just rolls you'd get anywhere else.- Service is service you'd have anywhere else. It's often enough to order something new around the time when you're done.- Quality was average at best.- Quantity was average, as well. The option for half rolls is available.- The seating in the middle of the place is like a bunch of park tables and benches but indoors!There were some problems, though.- The garlic tuna was underwhelming and didn't have the right texture. More flavor!- The rolls looked messy and haphazardly assembled.- The tea tasted of tap water.I feel like it should be cheaper to get AYCE here. But it isn't. I feel like its proximity to the strip is a missed opportunity, as well. Oh well. Not my first choice, but certainly not my last!
5	Wonderful all-you-can-eat menu! Food's taste and presentation is up to standard... 10/10!
5	As far as AYCE sushi goes, I've never had better! I just wish this place was in the OC! My party of 10 seemed to really enjoy the food and the servers were nice even if they did forget a few things. The caterpillar roll, rainbow roll, crunchy rice roll, samurai roll were all decent. We enjoyed the seaweed salad a lot, along with salmon skin hand rolls, tempura, and multiple desserts of mochi and ice cream. :)
5	Went there for lunch twice. Fantastic sushi. Very good service, close to the strip but far enough. Laid back.
5	Awesome place for sushi! Went here with my boyfriend for dinner and we did the AYCE sushi. This is to me a much better deal than ordering sushi dishes seperate. The price is good too, under $30! Our meal includes options of appetizers, salads, soups, sushi, hot meal and even desserts! Try the lynchee grapefruit drink its refreshing and delicious. Look forward to eating here again.
5	I hesitated to come here for the AYCE sushi, because usually AYCE is average sushi at best. But I've got to say, the sushi here was wonderful. Service was great also.
5	Finding this place was very refreshing!  Food was great compared to any other sushi I have had in Vegas. Favorites are first kiss, Orange blossom and snow white. I love how you can order half rolls to see what you like. Sgreat experience!
3	My cousin had the all you can eat and I ordered off the al a carte menu because it was late. I had the teriyaki chicken which came with a side salad. The teriyaki chicken was very average and was mostly mushrooms; the salad was also average and the thick dressing was not very appetizing. I also used my yelp check in offer for a free drink and I chose the hot tea but the waiter forgot to bring it out.
1	The Skinny: came on a Tuesday... after having a 2 star meal experienced the bathroom Olympics with the hubs. Avoid! (1) service: slightly zealous server who wanted to know what we wanted right away(3) Value: there is no real positive value when your head is in the toilet (0)Okay, it was my fault. After being without sushi for 3 months, I had a big craving. So after looking at the reviews online we settled at this place for lunch.We came for lunch to check things out. We were kind of leery about making a huge commitment to ordering the AYCE option. First of all, we weren't that hungry and we had a Yelp event planned later in the evening. Secondly, the AYCE menu is $21 for lunch, consisted largely of carb heavy rolls and cooked items which didn't really appeal to us (there is no sashimi on the AYCE menu).Our server was slightly overly attentive to the point where she was checking every 2-3 minutes of us getting seated to put in our order.We ended up ordering 2 lunch specials. I got the sushi combo which comes with 4 pieces of nigiri and a choice of spicy tuna or California roll plus miso soup. ($10.95)The hubs got the bento box with a spicy tuna roll, tempura, salad and miso soup.($9.95)Our food came out suspiciously fast - like definitely not in a good way kind of fast. Like literally within 5 minutes of getting our soup. The miso soup tasted like bilge water. The little tofu swimming in there looked like the dehydrated stuff you reconstitute from the small miso soup packets.My sushi combo was supposed to be salmon, red snapper, tuna. The fish tasted very ummm...fishy in an unpleasant way with a slightly mushier texture than expected for sushi grade product. The rice was not seasoned well and was too firm. The maki spicy tuna roll incorporated way too much hot sauce so it suspiciously masked whatever flavor of fish that was in there. More on that later.The hubs experience with his spicy tuna roll was the same as mine above. His tempura was overly battered and thick. The salad was a tad sweet but was otherwise okay.Overall, at that point we were thinking 2 starred joint. Nothing too offensive, but not great either. Definitely not a repeat experience. We figured hey! it was only like a $10 meal per person and didn't set us back too much.That is until we got home and the vomiting began. How I heaved into my toilet! Betwixt me and my beloved hubby, we were out for the count. We were totally bummed that we had to miss out on a Yelp event due to the the food poisoning.At the time of writing this review, the bile is still rising in my throat from the thought of what I ate for lunch. Deep down, I think perhaps the spicy tuna is the culprit as it was the only common denominator for my hubs and I.So for that, Umiya, you've joined my +1club.
1	The first time I came here I came with a buddy of mine & he wasn't doing AYCE but I was. The whole time it felt like we were being watched so it was a little intimidating, I mean I just thought of it as they're business might be doing real shitty that they have to be watching us the whole time to make sure we don't share anything. That time the manager was serving us & he specifically told me that I couldn't get half rolls.So I went there a second time to see if maybe things would be different & the girl that served my buddy & I was nice. She told me that they've always been able to do half rolls. So my buddy had a confrontation with the manager. He asked him why he had lied to me the first time & he pointed out other shitty things about the way he was managing, it ended up in a huge argument.. Anyways long story short.. You can get half rolls & the manager is stupid. I honestly don't see how this place gets such great reviews. Never again will I come here.
4	I've done the AYCE both times here. The service is okay. Half empty and wasn't on top of their game.I would compare the food to the company I had while eating here. It's a tease. The apps, nigiri, and rolls look great. When you taste them, some are good while some are bad. The bad makes you want to stop but the good keeps you wanting more.Real talk.
5	I've had really terrible sushi before and coming from SF where the city prides itself on it's culinary skills I thoroughly enjoyed this place. The staff was very friendly and welcoming. I've done a couple of all you can eat places in Vegas but they're all relatively the same. This was awesome because if was purely sushi and fish. We checked in through yelp and got a free beverage (non alcoholic)! The garlic tuna nigiri was tasty. We also had the orange blossom, salmon killer and cinch lobster roll. Sooooo good. We also had the spicy seafood salad to start. Again, delicious. It also comes with dessert. I had the tempura green tea ice cream. Definitely going to come back next time I'm in LV.
5	You can't go wrong here!! Near the strip, the food is great, and Alex the owner is funny and entertaining!!
5	The best spot I've found in Vegas for AYCE sushi! This place is always clean, good quality sushi, always fresh, and a price of $26.99 AYCE dinner is awesome! They give you so many options and very little restrictions as far the AYCE rules go. The servers are very friendly and quick with your order. I like that there's usually 2-3 different workers that'll assist with taking your order and refilling the drinks. The shrimp lover roll, dragon roll, Lisa Lisa roll, shrimp skewers and mussels here are beyond amazing! Every roll I've had here I've loved, those were just to name a few and keep the list short. This is definitely my favorite sushi spot in Vegas!
5	Great AYCE sushi spot down around the Palms on West Flamingo. I was there for the first time tonight and everything was great. Had lots of super white tuna, orange blossom roll, crispy rice with spicy tuna, spicy scallop handroll and red mountain roll.  Will definitely visit again and recommend to friends.
2	I found hair in ginger after couple bits it so disgusted.  Food is good they just have to be aware of cleanses...
4	Although on the expensive side, the sushi here is nice and has pretty good flavour but nothing blows me out of the water. Fan of the French kiss sushi because the mango was an interesting twist and the seared tuna steak with veges was lovely.
5	My experience here is my go to for sushi! I love this place  the staff always friendly and there saba sashimi amazing as always!!! If you haven't been here your missing out so come!
5	Nom nom nom! Officially my favorite AYCE sushi place...too bad it's all the way in Las Vegas :/Let me start off by saying that the service was spectacular...stellar...mindblowingly good! Not only was the staff incredibly helpful and on point, but even the chef/owner came out to make our experience that much better. He personally recommended most of the dishes that we had that night and made quite a few of them himself, even throwing a few lessons on fish quality and freshness our way.I wish I could remember what we had that night, but unfortunately I have no recollection of the names. I do suggest trying the dishes on their "Specials" board...they were all fantastic. I don't think you can go wrong with anything on their menu. Everything was fresh and had a unique twist to regular dishes.Located a few minutes away from the Palms and like 10 minutes off the Strip, but it is 100% worth the drive. Very reasonably priced as well.
4	Been a little while since the last sushi exploration.This place wasn't too far from home and had great reviews, so it was a no brainer.Appetizers: Baby Octupus Skewer, Bacon Scallop Skewer, Tuna Poke, Mushroom boy, and Crispy Rice with Spicy Tuna.All delicious. Highly suggest them all.Mushroom boy is a deep fried mushroom filled with cream cheese and spicy tuna. No further explanation necessary.On to the rolls.....Philly Roll, Hawaiian Roll, Chicken Teriyaki Roll, and Vegas Lasagna.Normally, there'd be another roll and 2-3 nigiri orders but. We tapped out. Today our bellies could not withstand AYCE as usual. But it's all good. We'll be back for sure to try everything else we missed!!The service was very quick and on cue. Always ready to serve you and refill your drinks and take your plates.Ambiance is laid back and cool. Love the bar and how big it is. Plenty of space for the 96 rolls you're gonna order.They have some amazing sauces on their stuff, and just enough.They have the news and sports on while playing top 40/EDMNot my #1 place, but it's a great sushi option. And REALLY good for groups.
5	Simply amazing all around!Service: Food gets out to you quickly, all servers were very attentive and friendly Environment: Clean, nice moody atmosphere and large tables for bigger groupFood: The all you can eat deal for $25 (dinner) is the best deal!!!! Come hungry because you can have all types of sushi including traditional rolls, sashimi, specialty rolls and hand rolls. In addition, you can also get rib eye steak (1 time), pork belly, udon, skewers, salads, veggies, desserts, appetizer and entree type of meals. This is not a buffet, you order from a large ayce menu. All the food that my large group had was great and we are absolutely coming back for more!!!!!I love this place!
4	It was good grade of sushi as all you can eat.  Most of nigiri were flesh and sauce on roll was yummy that my friend said.  Sever were very friendly and nice, we sat fancy booth, we all enjoyed.
5	I've brought 5 people to this place, and each of them have proclaimed it as their new fav sushi place in Vegas. So yeah that's my update.
5	I eat sushi allllll the time. And for ALL YOU CAN EAT, Umiya is the best! I go here at least once a month after trying so many sushi restaurants. My favorite thing about sushi is the nigiri. Umiya's nigiri is very fresh and so worth the cost of ayce. My favorite nigiri here are unagi, salmon, giant clam, yellowtail, halibut, garlic tuna, and sweet shrimp. I'm not much of a roll eater, but I highly recommend the Rattle Snake Roll and the Touchdown Roll. Best of all, mochi ice cream is included in ayce, so many sushi restaurants don't. Overall, this is my favorite sushi restaurant for ayce!I also threw a birthday party here once and they brought out a plate with ice cream and mochi decorated with whipped cream and caramel syrup and it was so nice of them. The waiter passed around sake and beer throughout my table and all the waiters and sushi chefs joined us as well. It was just one fun experience!
2	Sushi quality is not as good as the picture. Very disappointed. The fish on the sushi is slim and thin. It is worst than other 3 star restaurant,  so I can't believe it got four star.
5	LOVE this AYCE sushi place! Just went with my best friend & it was our first time. We love nigiri & theirs is pretty fresh. Very attentive waiters/waitresses & they actually wait until you're somewhat finished before serving your other dishes. Overall very good! I highly recommend them for all those AYCE lovers out there.
5	Love all of the sushi here!! Especially, the spicy tuna salad, it was so so good. and ya fish is fresh.
4	Had the spicy edamame, the screamo salad, and the katsu roll washed down with a Sapporo. Everything was delicious! This is a great place to bring a group of people. They do an all u can eat sushi deal for $25! It's open til 2am so it's perfect for parties or a nightcap.
4	Umiya is one of the top three AYCE sushi restaurants in Las Vegas.  Their sushi is fresh, the specialty rolls are unique, and their service is quick.  It also helps that they have a large seating area so there is never a wait here.
5	I like this place good food, great service off the strip.  Parking, fresh fish, festive. No smoking.
5	We love sushi and for AYCE Umiya is the best.  They have a great selection of specialty rolls, fresh fish and a large number of appetizers.  The service is always fast and friendly.BTW the restaurant is pretty large and so it can accommodate a lot of people, not like other AYCE places that have a small dining areas and make you wait in line for hours.
2	I guess I'll save a 1 star sushi review for when I walk out of a place projectile vomiting but Umiya was as close to the bottom as you can get.Sat at the bar and the workers were nonstop talking to each other in Korean which is cool, but they completely ignored us the entire time and I felt like I was annoying them  to interject an order. It was like we weren't even there.Now to the food. TOO MUCH SAUCE!My first roll came drenched in this oily sauce where I couldn't even pick up a piece of the roll without it crumbling. The rice was cold and hard and just horrible. My girlfriend tried one piece and didn't even want to finish it with me.I ordered another roll after that and asked the guy if he could put the sauce on the side. He called the order out to someone else and the thing came drenched in this oily nasty sauce AGAIN where you can't even taste what fish you are having...couldn't tell if it was red snapper or tuna or salmon. Pissed me off that he totally ignored my request for sauce on the side.I ordered another roll...told him PLEASE NO SAUCE.He calls out the order to have one of his friends make it...and how does it come?COMPLETELY SOAKED in sauce a third time. My girlfriend who hated the sauce, just ate ramen and was disgusted by the whole experience.I've been to many AYCE joints that try to pull a little fusion with these different sauces, some creamy, some spicy, some whatever in an attempt to try and compliment the roll (so I'm not a total sauce Nazi)...but this place DESTROYS it's sushi with this nasty oily sauce that doesn't compliment the sushi whatsoever and makes it unbearable to finish. This was my worst AYCE sushi experience in Vegas to date. Get your act together, listen to your customers...and give a shit about their requests. Your sauce is effing gross. I didn't come to eat half a bottle of oil based Ken's salad dressing.
5	Chef Alex made my late night dinner an amazing experience.  I was lucky enough to go on a Monday night where it wasn't too busy and where i was able to sit alone at the sushi bar.  The fact that it wasn't busy allowed the chef to make me their favorite rolls.  I always asked for chef's choice for nigiri.  Since, it was my first time at this establishment, I asked the chef to just order me anything.  First order by the chef was Tuna Sashimi in special AJ sauce (WOW, sauce was freaking incredible!), baked mussells were good, crispy lobster roll was really good, and I couldn't forget the ocean  salmon nigiri which was so buttery.  The latter was probably the highlight of my meal. Don't forget to order the Soft shell crab appetizer, the batter was so good!  Service was excellent.  One of the best AYCE sushi I ever had.
3	I can understand a lot of the reviews here. As far as my experience is concerned, I think 3 stars is fair. But, I'm leaning more towards 2.5 stars.This place used to be the old sushi Kaizen. Never been to that one so I would have nothing to compare it too.Came here with a pretty large group, and suffice to say, the service was excellent. The server did a great job taking the orders and made sure that each person got the correct dish, even while she was taking care of other tables as well. I also liked how we were able to order from the runners and bussers when she was busy.Food wise, everything was mediocre to OK. One thing I had to mention was that the rice wasn't really good, it tasted like it had been refrigerated or undercooked. It was weird. The fish quality tasted average at best. As many of people have mentioned, they make the rolls and nigiri pretty fast here, but presentation isn't really their strong suit. And, they are pretty heavy handed with the sauces. I did like the chicken katsu roll, something that I have never had before. But, don't be fooled by the miso or tonkatsu ramen that is on the menu. It isn't late night Goyemon's. I ordered the miso ramen and it was their regular miso soup with instant ramen noodles LOL.I definitely like trying new AYCE sushi spots. But at this place, I would have to probably have to put it in my mid to lower range spots.
1	Worst service ever.The fish is NOT fresh, okay some places aren't fresh but AT LEAST THEY TASTE GOOD. LOTS AND LOTS OF RICE in their sushi.The servers don't want to be there and don't know how to handle large groups.Overall, I would never return.
5	"LISTEN" UP! Why do we use Yelp??  To find the best food/deal/experience...right?!  Simply put...This is THE PLACE. Ignore the bad reviews.  Haters are always haters.  Atmosphere: Big screen TVs, good music, upscale (not typical home in the wall place...very nice "nightlife" decor). The comments about attentive, awesome service....CORRECTFood/Fish/Portions Quality: Outstanding (Try the Lobster Roll, Las Vegas, Baked Mussels, Octopus, Salmon & if course...the Tuna) BTW...The chef dropped me a few pieces of Toro just to show how legit everything really is.  Poke is BANGIN & Seaweed Salad is fresh.  Sake & Beer: About 10-12 solid brands (sake) & all Asia beers. I humbly consider myself a sushi expert with 400-500 sittings globally (yeah..avg 2x month x 20 years), as well as the son of a famous chef....(growing up in a kitchen has its benefits...later in life) If you've read this much....stop & start driving to Umiya.  You'll be writing a review after you recover from the awesome meal your about to experience.  Cheers!
4	I love this place. I'm so incredibly surprised by the bad reviews on here because I've had nothing but positive experiences. I wouldn't say that the employees are particularly outgoing or conversational, but I dont come here for that. I come to eat. To the gentleman stating that the people there were speaking "nonstop Korean," I feel compelled to say that, they are usually speaking Japanese, as most of them are Japanese, and that's simply irrelevant. If you speak to the emloyees, they will happily speak to you in English, so there's no language barrier. It's not surprising that they speak Japanese in a Japanese restaurant, in addition to the fact that, unless you intend to eavesdrop, it's not necessary for you to listen to their conversation, to be able to enjoy your food.Whew, now I feel better. Anywho, the restaurant is very nice inside. It's usually not full, and if you tell them where you want to sit, definitively, they won't push you to sit anywhere you don't want. The AYCE, I feel, is relatively cheap, and I'm always pleased with the sushi. I love the seafood lasagna, the baked salmon roll, the volcano roll, the soft shell crab, and pretty much everything I've tried.It has a very modern feel and is very "chill."My fiance and I come here for date night pretty consistantly. You do have to wave the servers down at times, but hey, we're Americans, and we can all use the exercise.Closed mouths don't get fed.  4 stars
4	This place was good. They do have a 1 1/2 hour time limit on the AYCE but I was full way before that time hit. I liked almost all the dishes that came out, but I wouldn't waste your time on the steak. It looked pretty, but tasted just ok. My favorites were a Creamy shrimp fried appetizer and the First Kiss. Both delish!  Oh yeah, and a lobster dish which I tasted off someone else's plate. Yum!Also, we came with a large group and had to sit at their bigger tables, which have horrible no-back bench seating.  If you come with up to 4 people, they have normal comfortable chairs at their smaller tables. I would come again, but with a smaller group so I could sit comfortable.
1	DO NOT go there. Worst service ever!!!! The waitress are so so so rude and we still have to pay tip 20% for them. DO NOT THIS PLACE!!!!!
2	We just had the worst experience of AYCE sushi ever.We were there for lunch today.  We planned to have sushi lunch for me and one of our group's birthday. We had been picking a sushi place for the whole week. One of my friends picked this place ad I was here last month for dinner. I told my friends I liked the interior this place. So we ended up here.There were only 3 tables were seated when we got there. Our table had 6 asian girls with one baby. We got water all set up. Oh good. A server came right when everyone got there " are you ready to order?" well we hadn't even looked at the menu yet. We were discussing about paying dinner price to get sweet shrimp and sea urchin. then we ordered salmon nigari to start and the question we got was "so are you gonna pay lunch or dinner?" I replied "start with salmon nigari. it is in both lunch and dinner. and we will decide in a couple minutes" I got a little annoyed. We decided to just have lunch because some of us don't eat sweet shrimp and sea urchin.Once we started ordering, one of the servers said "make sure you guys read all the rules" the rules are pretty much the same as the other AYCE sushi restaurant. No rice left, no sharing with non-AYCE, and so on. We all got annoyed. I understand the waitress was doing her job by informing us. but we all know the rules.Food is good. We got our orders pretty fast. There were some confusion but we ignored it. There were two waitresses. on we got too many orders of grilled mackerels, and i told them "don't worry about it. I will eat them." Here come the worst parts. They got more customers coming. There were only two waitresses. Our water and hot tea was empty. We had to call them and asked for refills. One time my friend pulled out her dr.peppers bottle to drink, the server came right at her "no outside food or drink in here" or now they were more observant with outside drink than our glasses of water that were empty. awesome job ladies! Morever, in the middle of the meal, the server came and told us "you have to finish all the rice" We know. and we were still working on our food. We were eating and having a great conversation. Our meal started to be ruined by. Another server came and picked the spoon in my miso soup bowl and said "you have to finish rice in the soup too" oh this is so RUDE. You can talk to me but you don't touch my spoon in my food that is right in front of me! I said "I eat my soup with rice" she said "oh ok because someone tries to hide rice in soup" I got so pissed. They spoke to us with attitude. honey, let me tell you here. If we cheat about rice, we make sure you can't catch me hiding all the rice somewhere.Our group decided to not tip them because this was so bad of dinning experience, but the server dropped the check and said gratuity had been added. We still gotta pay them without gratuity anyway.  Lucky for the server that I saw a gentleman walking in and out the restaurant for a while. I decided to call him and asked "are you a manager?" he said "I am the owner" Bingo! We told him the food was great but the service was really bad. He said "talk to me, tell me everything" We told him everything. He said "they are trying to protect me" but they didn't try to have a good service to protect you from the bad review. We asked if he could take the gratuity out because there is no law to add gratuity in vegas anymore. he said it was in the system, then he handed us $20 to be a part of the gratuity we had to pay. The owner is really nice guy. One of our friends told him to the point "we are not cheap. When we tip, we tip a lot. We are in service industrial too. We know what is good what is bad service." We gave him his $20 back. Then he gave us a couple 20% discount cards and told us to come back. We felt like we could let this go and we wouldn't review anything, but we won't come back. Unfortunately, the server wouldn't let us go. We put all the money in. Of course we are pain in the ass when someone is a B to us. We paid the check with all $1 bills. she said "Oh my god" why? it is the money too!!!! we tipped you! because your employer is nice to us and he protects his employees! I told her "we already talked to the owner" ****GUESS WHAT SHE TOLD US? SHE SAID "it's ok. He is not the owner"**** They need to fire this girl. I feel bad for the owner or whoever he is. He could be a partner/a manager but he is her employer. He tried to protect her and took the money out of his pocket to help us pay for gratuity, but obviously she didn't protect him.NOT done yet, we all were still sitting and eating after we gave her money. Only one of us had to stand up to hold her baby because she started crying. That server said to me "everyone has to finish the rice" more like yelled at me. I couldn't stand this anymore so I yelled back "I AM STILL WORKING ON IT!" god damn it! I didn't wanna finish my mackerel and rice anymore. We just walked out right after. 2 bites of rice left they can finish it.
5	Delicious sushi!!! There was a wide variety of unique rolls, and an all you can eat option as well! They even have plum wine ice cream! And me being a plum wine lover, I just had to have it! Next time I'm in Vegas, I'll definitely be heading to Umiya!
4	Sushi Fix and GO!I've been to a few sushi places here in Vegas and this place is the best so far!Staff is on top of tables,they fill water and drinks without having to be asked or looked for!  There is nothing worse then being a thirsty guest, especially in Las Vegas. Our staff was also friendly and continued to check on us throughout our meal.Most places I've been to wont allow someone in a group of  AYCE menu goers to just order off the the regular menu.  Umiya Sushi does and it was great.  Everyone got exactly what they wanted and the food just kept coming.  Full of flavor, sweet rice, fresh ingredients and all of the staff were in complete harmony with each other.  No hiccups, no worries and an overall great dinning experience.   We will all be back!  Thank you for a wonderful time and feeding the bodybuilders in our group!  - Cara
5	This is our favorite place love it the waitress are friendly. We are here almost every week.
4	I went in at 12:30am and was starving. I opted for the all you can eat. This was near by 5 minutes from the strip few blocks near the Palms casino. The fish to rice ratio was decent not the best I've had at a ayce sushi but not the worst. I tend to order mostly nigiri when I go and avoid mostly rolls. The freshness of the fish was pretty good and the appetizers were also good especially the fried soft shell crab, too bad it was limit one. They're open till 2am but last call is 1am for all you can eat. It's a decent size restaurant and service was good. Time limit 1 1/2 hour.My only complaint and the reason they didn't receive 5 stars is they limit certain appetizers and the black board specials to 1 per person. At some ayce sushi places in Vegas they do not limit you.
4	A mystery has been solved. For the past 3 years I've been told about this mystery restaurant somewhere near the Palms casino that had the BEST sushi in Vegas.Thanks to Yelp, detailed reviewers, and a rental car; I've finally found it.I visited some where around 4pm since I was still on the East Coast eating schedule and went after the AYCE menu. It wasn't busy and the staff was very attentive. Though I thought I was ordering handrolls, I ended up with 3 regular rolls of superb sushi. Spicy tuna and spicy scallop were wonderful though the latter was mostly crab. Can't beat the flavor. Also, the AJ tuna appetizer should not be missed.While I didn't get to experience most of the menu, I'd definitely come back and try it again. Especially since I'll know to save room for dessert.
5	Plain and simple tasty sushi, good service, reasonable price and good atmosphere. Do yourself a favor, adventure off the Strip and get to Umiya!
4	This place was surprisingly delicious. Usually all you can eat places serve way below par food, but not this place. Very please with portion and quality of fish. Can't wait to come back.
5	Really good sushi. . They greet you right as you enter the restaurant.. great  staff you have to try the  banana roll mmmmmmm delicious!!
5	I usually am very picky with sushi restaurants but boy is this place the best in town! None of the other places iv been to compare to Umiya. Sushi always taste fresh and the size of rice underneath the fish is perfect! Not huge so you can enjoy eating the fish. So glad we tried this restaurant especially because i was hesitant! I will say that the mochi ice cream they served me wasn't good I'm pretty sure it was old or something because I grew up eating it and never has it tasted that horrible.
4	I think this place was great - came here for lunch on a Sunday afternoon and they let us order the dinner ayce so we could enjoy the salmon belly, trout, uni, amaebi, and other specials.  Generous portions, food is tasty, service was attentive, and everything came out quickly! Which oddly some reviewers on here said was a bad thing?  And again.... Yes they charge you if you don't finish items... But this is common policy among every single ayce sushi place I have ever been to over the last 15 years.
3	The set up to this restaurant is pretty cool. I like how the decor is and how there's TVs set up around the place. I like how to the left when you enter theres a bunch of lights draping. It gives the place a romantic vibe. I came on a Friday around 4:00pm and it was dead. Which I liked because from the reviews I really thought it was going to be a busy. I ordered a few of the popular rolls such as: King of the ocean, Kiss of fire, First kiss, sunset, sunrise, rainbow, firecracker, etc. also ordered a bunch of nigiri. I honestly wasn't too impressed with the fish. It wasn't as fresh as I would have hoped. And the flavors didn't go as well either. There was one roll I got called Seafood Volcano Roll and it was a bit of a mess. There was a lot of things going on with it. It had mushrooms which I thought was a bit out of the ordinary but didn't go very well with the fish. I ordered a spicy seafood salad, which I thought was really good. It had a lot of fish in it and the dressing was just right. They have a variety of mochi ice cream flavors which was appreciated but of course it is just 1 order per person. I tried their plum wine flavored ice cream which I really thought was delicious! Service was great. Staff was nice and attentive. Goyemon is still my #1 AYCE.
5	I've eaten here many times and this has to be my favorite All You Can Eat Sushi restaurant.  The sushi chefs are always super friendly and greet you when you walk in the door. The wait staff is always attentive and pays close attention to detail - and the FOOD. Omg the sushi is delicious. I tend to stick to cut rolls and nigiri - which are always FANTASTIC. But the rest of the menu is amazing as well. I keep coming back, again, and again, and again.  And, this certainly won't be my last time either.
5	Delicious and fresh. Friendly environment and staff. The sushi, rolls and teppanyaki are top. Highly recommend.
2	Sushi is decent.  Service could calm down a little.  As soon as I am done with a dish, a waiter jumps out of nowhere to ask if I am done with the dish.  The constant interruption of a waiter asking to take an empty plate really kills the mood.  No kidding...as I am "finishing" a plate of food, three waiters with 2 minutes asked if I was finished with my plate. NO, I am not.  Was there a shortage of plates?  Jeez.
4	Very yummy! A lot.of options to pick from. Great price especially for all you can eat. And if you check up on yelp its 1 free soda! Also the tempura green tea ice cream was delicious!! Had so many rolls of sushi lost track of which was which. MUST TRY baked mussels. Only thing is if you dont eat all you'll get charged. (Told by a friend, havent experienced it yet.)
3	Started off with the miso soup, edamame, mussels, and seaweed salad; these were all good in my opinion.Sushi:Snow WhiteShrimp loverYellowtail loverFirecrackerThese rolls were alright, they overloaded on the sauce. I also had the octopus and surf clam nigiri, the rice on there was not what is expected of sushi rice it tasted rather old.Coffee Mochi for dessert was yummy.Service was great, very attentive.
3	Started off with the miso soup, edamame, mussels, and seaweed salad; these were all good in my opinion.Sushi:Snow WhiteShrimp loverYellowtail loverFirecrackerThese rolls were alright, they overloaded on the sauce. I also had the octopus and surf clam nigiri, the rice on there was not what is expected of sushi rice it tasted rather old.Coffee Mochi for dessert was yummy. Service was great, very attentive.
4	Originally wanted Goyemon but didn't like 1 hr wait so came here instead.  I gota say I was not disappointed.   The specials of the day were ocean trout and salmon belly.  Both were pretty good but I wished they had a bit more specials.  What really earned them the 4 stars from me was the ama ebi.  They used some FAT ASS ebi and it was great.  Having some good quality and perfectly fried soft shell crab didn't hurt either.
5	I have been to this place for 5 times, and the recent one was just last week.  Got to give Umiya a 5-star because they never disappoint me.The fish is always fresh, service is great, and the orders always come correct (some places give you less/more than you actually order).  Their daily special is a plus.I tried lunch, dinner and late night supper there and always leaving with a full stomach and a big smile with my wife and kids.One of the best AYCE sushi place in Las Vegas.
4	This is def one of the top tier ayce sushi restaurants in vegas. The menu is much larger than the other ayce places. Has everything from rolls to fresh seafood and even rice and noodle options. The restaurant itself has a good atmosphere is very spacious. The servers are nice and everyone of course greets you as you walk in the door. It may be hard to miss if you arnt familiar with the area so major landmarks are palms place and loose caboose. Don't pass up on trying this sushi restaurant, it is about as fresh as you are going to get for only $20 at lunch and $25 at dinner.
5	Food was good.  Service was good. Let me put it in terms in which California's governor would state it. "I'll be back".
4	My friend and I went here for lunch. Their all you can eat menu is extremely large with many options. The sushi was very fresh and everything we had was up to par. I would recommend the all you can eat because it's worth your money, just don't order more then you can eat because they will charge you for what you do not finish. Service was a little slow but I think that is to make you eat less, very nice people though.
4	You get 90 minutes to eat as much sushi and other types types of Asian foods. The sushi you get to eat is SOOO fresh and made with lots of love. You can actually watch the sushi chefs going to town as they make all the sushi you ask for. This is the perfect place to try the expensive sushi you've been wanting to try but have not been able to. The sashimi was on point. The udon? Delicious. The samgyupsal (pork belly) was ridiculously good. Literally one of or possibly the best AYCE sushi places I've had. Will def. be coming back!!!
5	Absolutely Amazing. I can't think of one thing that could possibly fault the impeccable meal my partner and myself had tonight. The staff were perfect; quick and super friendly, the food was the best I have had (Japanese) ever and the whole atmosphere was great! If you are in Vegas and you want to have a perfect food experience then Umiya is the place for you. If I could, I would travel from Perth, Western Australia to Vegas more often just to have this sushi. DO NOT MISS. *hint: have the all you can eat. Will not disappoint.
1	Wow.  I have never been treated so badly at a restaurant.  I showed up with two guests.  Half the restaurant was empty but we singed up for a waiting list and told it would be 40-45 minutes.  We went and grabbed a drink and came back 30 minutes later and when I asked about the status of our table I was told it was going to be another 40 to 50 minutes.   What a joke!
5	OMG ! ! ! The best sushi that I have ever had in my entire life!!!! All you can eat $35 :DNo place in the world can bring you the entire ocean like this place can, everything is delicious and they're dessert "Mochi" will make any athlete forget there own figure when they taste just one... So good you'll forget your abbs!!! Everything was amazing, we laughed, we ate, we walked out like two happy Buddhas ;-)))
4	I've been to about 10 (give or take) different sushi places around Las Vegas and this is my favorite AYCE so far.Sushi chefs are good and they are very friendly and fun to joke around with. They have sports playing on the tv's at the bar and on the larger screen they have asian music videos playing.I think if this place was on Spring Mtn., they would be packed. Umiya is a hidden gem!
1	I really wanted t like this place because the servers were working really hard but unfortunately this was our worst AYCE experience...Food was really disappointing. Rice was not cooked well so that contributed to the poor quality of sushi. I stopped ordering nigiri after the first round because of the rice. I am sure it is probably this one time and hope other times they get the rice right. But it is quite unfortunate they didn't taste the rice...they would've stopped serving it.Service was very very slow. There were only two waiters working there and we can see that they were really trying. But the restaurant was full and they couldn't keep up. Overall very bad sushi experience. I liked the atmosphere but had to fill my belly with Udon at an AYCE sushi place :-(
4	Good sushi considering it is in the dessert. The all you can eat sushi is a must try if you are a big eater and a fan of sushi
5	OMG the best sushi in Las Vegas make sure you come here hungry you can eat every creature in the ocean here!
4	Great food and service!  Can't believe all you can get on the ayce menu.  And everything is made on the spot, not pre-made.
