5	This is definitely the nail shop to go to whether you live in Vegas OR Henderson! It's located right off 215 & Stephanie in the Fresh & Easy parking lot. Upon entrance, you're greeted by the owners (always a plus!) & all you see is a gorgeous room with aesthetic colors & furniture! It's not your "typical" salon with bulky leather massage chairs. Instead they have comfortable, white fabric arm chairs. While getting a manicure, you sit on a velvety soft & comfortable decorative chair.They also offer coffee (Keurig), snacks & beverages to their clients. Jenny, the owner, did a classic mani/pedi on me. She was gentle, easy to talk to & didn't pressure me into any "add-ons" like you get at most shops. My absolute favorite feature (because I'm somewhat of a germophob) is the way their conduct their pedicures. They don't use sinks! They use bins with DISPOSABLE liners. I have never been to a shop that does this! They truly care about their clients. If this review made you wanna check it out, tell them Christine Bancod referred you! :)
5	I'm always looking for good nail salons and this place opened up right near my work so I thought I'd try it out ... And SO glad I did. The decor was amazing inside, met both the owners, they were super friendly and on top of the fantastic customer service they did an amazing job on my mani!  I will definitely be frequenting this location!!!
5	The nail room is the one of the best & prettiest nail salons I've ever been to.... Most nail salons never have a dark enough pink I like for my pink and white but they do!!! They have so many colors and glitter to choose from.  They also have the flared duck feet tips which I love & I cannot find anyone who does them. Jenny the owner did my nails & she did an amazing job. I will never go to another salon again!!!
5	Second time visit with The Nail Room was fantastic! Michelle is some who has a personality and takes time to get to know her client ! My nails look fabulous and not only did she take her time to get to know exactly what I wanted , she suggested designs that would better suit my nails ! I will recommend everyone I know to go see her! I know I will be seeing her every 2 weeks :)
5	My dentist happened to be close to The Nail Room so I found this place by accident. What a find! The decor is so cute and modern, different then I'm use to. They have glittered floors that make you feel like a superstar when you walk on it. The salon is not like a normal local (chop shop) salon its much Cleaner and nicer looking. Initially I came in for just a manicure but they had so many gel colors I had to go with the gel manicure, they even put some cute designs on my nails which I never had before. I got to meet the owners they are a very cute couple and are very nice and personable and made me feel comfortable, not to mention they had drinks and snacks which was very impressive to me. I found my new Nail salon!!!
5	I have really enjoyed the couple of experiences I have had a nail room so far and look forward to being a frequent customer. The lounge is clean and modern. Services are appropriately priced for the high quality they provide. And don't forget look at there clothing line while you are waiting for your appointment.
5	So, I came into town when I was visiting family around New Years and my sister has been ranting about The Nail Room, so I had to check it out & see if she was crazy or knows what's up.  Man, she knows what's up!  First impression, the decor is so beautiful, you can tell a lot about the owner(s) when you walk into their business, and The Nail Rooms decor really says how proud the owner(s) are & I love that!       We arrived and didn't wait long, despite the fact we didn't have an appointment (A+), we were seated in very comfy chairs for our pedicures, far superior than those big, oversized, somewhat awkward massage chairs found in the run-of-the-mill nail salons.  Anyways, we were seated in our comfy chairs and I'm a stickler for cleanliness (in case you couldn't tell from earlier in my review), but I couldn't help but notice that cleanliness is a strongpoint if The Nail Room, each clients soaker has it's own liners.     Cleanliness- check, great prices- check, awesome staff- check.  Happy to say I was so relaxed & thoroughly pleased with my pedicure, now I know why my sister goes on & on about this place!  I would too!  Only downside- I wish I could pick this place up and move it to my hood.
5	We went in yesterday, and the total was $56 with a 20% discount, for a gel manicure with two stamps, and a regular manicure with two 3D art pieces. I had Nina, who did my gel, and my daughter had Jenny who did her regular manicure. Both were amazing and we love the results!! The salon was also very chic and looks just like the photos. Wish they had a few more nail colors, though. But no complaints!!
5	Finally after 7 months of living in LV I found a nail shop that I'm completely IN LOVE WITH. Not your typical salon set up.. Super modern and chic. Nina did an amazing job && they even offer 20% off your first visit! Very organize and clean and all the techs are super nice and make you feel right at home. I'm more than pleased at the way my nails turned out and look forward to going back in 2 weeks. Thanks Nina & The Nail Room!
5	Love this place! ! Will never go anywhere else ever again!!
5	Finally found my nail salon. Nina did a great job with my White tips set. She was patient and make sure i was happy with the length and shape of my nails. I love the selection of the stones they have for the nails and that they are on a reasonable price.The place is clean and nice,  and everyone was really nice. They also have a nice waiting area with drinks and snacks. Can't wait to go back and get  my refill and maybe some cute design from their picture catalog.  Also i loved that nina speak spanish!
5	It's been hard to find a good place to get my nails done, that is consistent and you don't feel rushed. This is quaint new shop with beautiful esthetics.  Doesn't matter who does your nails - Jenny, Lori or Nina, they all do an awesome job! I have not had any problem with my gels - amazing work every time. I love the pedis too - they have big soft comfortable chairs to sit in. This is a must try if you are in the Henderson area - if not, worth the drive. Highly recommend!
5	Perfection. Seriously. I felt like a princess walking into this beautifully modern but inviting nail salon with glittery silver floors. And I felt like a million bucks when I left! I've never seen a nail salon with such welcoming decor. It's usually the same office-like chairs and oversized, slightly uncomfortable massage chairs. The furniture here is contemporary but so comfortable and welcoming. I wanted to sink into those pedicure chairs but only had a manicure on my first visit. The salon is SPOTLESS. I was told that the pedicure tubs have their own disposable liners, which makes me feel so comfortable with how hygienic and clean this place is. Jenny did my manicure and she was fabulous. Very personable and so meticulous! I chose a pink glitter polish but expressed concerned that it wouldn't be dark enough with two coats. She initially tried and realized it wouldn't be, so she removed the polish and started over with a darker color for the first coat. I so appreciated how hard she worked to make my manicure perfect!  My only complaints are that they are closed Mondays and Tuesdays (I've been meaning to come here for quite some time but, ironically, the only times I found myself available for pampering were on Mondays so I missed out for quite a few months... finally, when I was off on a Wednesday, I was able to make an appointment). I'd also like a separate drying area for my nails. I'm obsessive about making sure my nails are completely dry prior to leaving and I would literally sit for 40 minutes under the dryer if it meant they would be hardened and dry and I wouldn't ruin my lustrous new manicure! LOL. I can't wait to go back and get a pedicure next time! If you go and you're a first timer, mention it for a one-time 20% off discount. I so wish I had saved my first time for when I was doing more services.
5	Took my 10 year old daughter on Sunday after we tried to go to the local place by our house and they were closed.  She wanted gel polished nails and I desperately needed my tootsies done. :)  Luckily this place was open.  Walked into a great surprise!  The guy at the front was so nice and welcoming... I was a bit concerned about the prices since this place was NICE inside so I asked about the cost for a pedicure and gel for my daughter.  He graciously went through everything and even offered a 20% discount for being a new customer..  I later found out he was the owner which impressed me hugely.. most owners don't do the greeting and if they do, they usually aren't as humble.  The shop was decorated so shabby chic (hope thats the right description) and we loved it!  Super clean and they offered us drinks and snacks too.  What a nice treat.  I would recommend this nail salon and I think they should offer parties for little girls, and mommies too!!  We both got nail art and they lady doing them took her time and didn't rush...
2	Super cute salon, but so-so on the nail design. 5 out of 10 nails were crooked, and the paint was messy. They didn't schedule my pedicure when I called. They did have a no show and fit the girls in for a paint job that was super cute. Hoping the next visit is better.
5	If you have tried gels and they have not lasted don't give up, come down to The Nail Room in Henderson! Love this place, great atmosphere, very clean, very talented nail techs!!
5	Went back to get my nails redone after they responded to my review and offered a re-do. They were very professional and fair and did a much better job on my nails! Lots of re shaping and a cute new nail design to match my pedicure. I'll go back again ;)
5	I discovered this jewel on yelp. The only nail shop with 5 star reviews, so I just had to see for myself. The decor is beautiful. Very modern-chic and you get the feeling that you are gonna get pampered! Perfect place to have a girls mani-pedi day! My nail tech Nina was very nice and personable. I told her exactly what I wanted and I got itI made another appointment next week for my nails. I hope they don't disappoint. This could become my regular spot.
5	I'm from Phoenix but I come visit my mom in Henderson. For the past couple years I been going to the local salons in the area when I'm in town. I been disappointed because I haven't found one single salon in the area that I like and I tried them all. I stumbled on the nail room from going to the ups store next door. WOW is all I can say. It's so pretty inside I was really taken by surprise when I walked in. Everybody was so nice and welcoming. I wanted to schedule a pedi but they were booked for a couple days so I had to come back which was fine I read the reviews on this place and I was excited to come back. When I came in for my pedi I had kaitlynn do it. She was very nice and didn't rush me at all she was very attentive to my feet and did a awesome job! They offered me 20% off my first appointment. I booked my mom to come in and they even gave me $5 credit for a referral. They even offer a loyalty card which I would take advantage of but I don't live here. So I just gave my card to my mom for her to use. Clean, very pretty decor, personable staff, great work. I will only come here when I'm in town.
5	Okay. Ever since I seen this nail salon on Yelp a couple months ago I've been wanting to go. I am so glad I went! I tried to make an appointment on Mothers Day ON Mothers Day and of course they were booked. (Which I wasn't upset about). But the guy on the phone was so nice about it and offered an appointment for another day of my choice. When I first walked in it was so inviting! I love the chandeliers. Perfect place for pampering. I got the Sugar Rush Cupcake Pedicure. It smelled so awesome. Denise was my pedicure specialist and she gave my legs and feet a great massage! She had the right amount of pressure on my feet and it didn't hurt at all. She had a personality and we both rocked out to the music they had playing. LOL. I could listen to the music all day! The whole ride home the sweet smell of the Sugar Rush pedicure filled and car and even 45 minutes later while I'm writing this review!I will definitely be back for regular appointments. Now they even offer walk ins but I would still recommend to make an appointment. Tip: if you HAVE to have a chair that massages, these chairs don't massage. But the whole experience makes you not even realize the chairs don't massage. The sofa chairs are super comfy.
5	After many years of searching for a good nail place, I've found The Nail Room!Located in the busy shopping center of Horizon Ridge and Stephanie! Inside is amazing! Such a nice, very clean, modern, and stylish place! They have varieties of nail polish, gel polish, acrylics, styles, arts, decorations and gems to choose from! They're the only place I know that can get it right when you try and show them a pic of a design you want!The staff is great! Always so helpful, attentive, and friendly! My go-to is Jenny! She does a really great job and gets everything to my liking! I've also taken my mom here and she's impressed.. She's the type that likes the glitter and glam on the nails so that's definitely a plus!Always happy with their services!
1	My name is chandan grewal and i took my mom inderjeet grewal to the nail room After a lot of research of searching for the perfect salon to take my mom to for mothers day I decided to bring her here after reading all the reviews. I'm sure people have had a lot better experiences than we had here, but it was terrible. I made an appointment for my mom about a week earlier we only had to wait about 15 mins it was all good and I was also planning on getting my nails done until my mom had them done. It was terrible. My mom isn't too worried about the nailpolish part of the mani/pedi, but she likes to have a really nice and elaborate flower or design on her nails. She took her time on the pedi, but when we started talking about the nail art she kept handing us a binder with nail stickers on it! We asked her if she could do the nailart with polish and she said ok. She asked me to show her a picture of the nail art we wanted, and I looked it up on my phone and showed her a simple nail art design made with a DOTTING TOOL! She tried to do the simple design 2 times and failed I was getting tired and annoyed of her removing the polish and re-applying it. I got annoyed and looked in the binder for a flower sticker we chose one and she applied the  flower sticker. Did I tell you that they charge $3 for a stuiped flower sticker that looks no where near as good as a nailart design, and you could buy a box of them for $3 at walmart! I spent $55 on my moms nails even though she thought they were ok i was very annoyed. I could have done a better job at home instead of paying them $55 for the simple mani/pedi. If you are willing to spend the money to get your nails done go to a better place that actually makes them look like you didnt do them at home.  I would have asked them for a refund, but i didnt want to ruin my moms mothers day present.
5	This will be my "go-to" nail salon from now on! The place is clean, the decor is adorable, and the service is fantastic!! They use a plastic lining in the pedicure bowls that is changed with each client....no more wondering if the bowl was cleaned after the last person!
5	The Nail Room is one of the first nail salons that gives the proper respect from all the other salons. Their motivation, commitment, and the persistency to the company. Overall my experience at The Nail Room overwhelmed me with much excitement and I'm looking forward to my next visit.
1	I recently moved to the area and have been looking for a nail place close by. Let me just preface this by saying I am the type of customer who never goes into a business requesting extended services close to closing time. That being said, I drove up at 3:55pm on a Sunday (their posted closing time is 5pm) I had planned a mani/pedi but with only an hour I thought I'd guage how many services to get once I walked in.The place is pretty and well decorated. It smelled nice and I was promptly greeted as I walked in. The place was empty except for one customer getting a manicure and they were already painting her nails so it was safe to assume she was almost done with her manicure. The lady who greeted me asked what I would like. In the interest of time I decided to only get a pedicure and told her I would like a pedicure. She looked at the clock, grimaced and said "oh, sorry...you wouldnt have enough time for a pedicure before closing"I was floored. An hour and 10 mins in an empty salon isn't enough time for a pedicure? ? ? Did they send their staff home early? Were they trying to close early? Not sure...Because of the reviews I was expecting a great experience. Not the case! I went across the street (Albertson's shopping plaza) to Nice Nails and got a mani/pedi and some much needed relaxation :-)Not sure if I'll give nail room another try, didn't feel like they wanted my business....
5	I've never been consistent about getting manicures until I had a gel manicure from Nina at the nail room! I am always amazed at how beautiful she makes my poor bitten nails look! And she (and all of the other techs) are always up to recreate whatever Pinterest design I bring in. I love to be able to go in a relax for a pedicure knowing that the salon is always sparkling clean and Jenny, the owner prides herself on the attention The Nail Room pays to sanitation. The pedi bowls are always used with a liner and do not have drains that will collect bacteria. And the CHAIRS, oh the CHAIRS! Plush and white- how all chairs should be!My 6 year old daughter often comes with me for a manicure and one particular time she brought her American Girl doll... So Jenny gave the doll a matching manicure while she waited for me to get done! She was so patient and really made my little one feel important and pampered. What a great memory we have! AND just yesterday Nina stayed passed closing just to finish my nails. I'm so grateful for her dedication!
5	What can I say? I've never left The Nail Room disappointed.  Nina, as well as the other girls, are AWESOME at what they do! I'm never rushed- they take their time and provide a clean and comfortable environment to relax in.  It's difficult to find a business that truly cares about the end product and keeping their costumers happy so that they return. There's a lot of competition in town but the owners have figured out how to keep their clients happy! Liza
5	I've been coming to the Nail Room ever since my old nail girl moved away. I never been to a salon that's so consistent with every nail tech they have. Kaitlynn, Lori, Nina they are all awesome and do awesome nail art! What I like most about them is that they are all so personable. Unlike some other salons where there is a communication barrier, I can carry on a conversation with the girls and its always a good time over there. The salon itself is immaculate very clean, pretty decor grey and white colors make it seem so bright, shiny, and more upscale. I been telling all my friends to come in and I been racking up a $5 credit for every person that comes in. Its been a surprise every time I come in to find out one of the people I referred came in and I get a discount for my service. Thanks Nail room for your amazing work and great customer sevice!
5	I love this place!!! They are really creative with nail art designs & such nice people with a great atmosphere. Very professional, they really pay attention to detail & I never felt rushed once. I recommended everyone to come if your in the Henderson area :)
4	This nail shop is no where near my house, but I drive longer than I should to go here. When they opened I had the opportunity to have a gel manicure from all the technicians, they are all super solid but LORI is my favorite. She does an amazing job on my gel manicure and pedicures; they always last for over 3 weeks. She also does killer nail art if you are looking for someone. The salon is clean and all tools are disinfected, which is a serious deal breaker for me with most salons. Everyone is friendly and professional.I have only had the basic pedicure, but next time I am trying the Sugar Rush Cupcake pedicure.
5	I love this place! The decor really sets a glamorous mood and makes your pampering far more luxurious! Stumbled upon this place while visiting and I am so sad that I don't live here as I would come here all the time!Jenny did an absolutely amazing job.  I love my gel manicure and it still looks amazing weeks later.  I'll definitely be back every time I'm in the area! Mahalo!
4	I had a very lovely gel ombre manicure, and my stylist Lori is very pleasant and did a fabulous job! Had a small issue and the salon went out of their way to make my experience better and they helped accommodate my needs. I will refer them to others.
5	First time at the nailroom and I must say I'm impressed. It's already been 3 weeks and my gels are still on! The quality of work and customer service is great. It's a little far from home but it's worth the drive to know my nails will be done right. The salon is so cute and atmosphere and music was wonderful. I'll will be back!
5	Came in with my girlfriend to get a mani pedi. They are really clean and professional. They offered us drinks and even ordered a  sushi roll for me when they were taking employee lunch orders I thought that was nice of them. We only came here because the great reviews and they really live up to it. Highly recommended!
2	After reading reviews, I was super excited to visit this salon! I recently moved here and have desperately been trying to find a salon that does great nail art.My first time there was amazing! Kaitlynn was super friendly and patient as I tried to figure out exactly what I wanted. I left super impressed and couldn't wait to come back.The 2nd time I came back knowing what art design I wanted. I had a different nail tech and as we started the nail design, we couldn't quite get the look I wanted. I was trying to get a bright ombre but the colors weren't quite sticking. I told her it was okay and I understood, so we went with a 2nd design. I could tell she was getting flustered with me as my appt. was taking forever. We went with a second design but it wasn't at all what I had wanted. You can still see my old gel color on the sides of my nail, the gel already looks chipped by my cuticles and my nails are rough to the touch - all of which I am not used to. I also didn't receive a hand massage which is fine except the first tech I went to did give me one. I am super bummed as I thought I had finally found my new nail salon :(
5	After writing my initial review and being disappointed by my 2nd experience, I was contacted by the salon to come back in. They went above and beyond to make my experience better! I was very appreciative that they were so accommodating and made sure I was pleased with my nail art. I will definitely be back to the salon!
5	This was my second time I got my nails done at the nail room. First time I had Nina second time I had Felicia. Both nail techs each time did an amazing job. I have been super pleased with their great work!
5	I use to go to a salon nearby but I had to find another salon because they didn't do much nail art. I searched up best salon in Henderson and the nail room popped up on yelp. The salon is super cute and very inviting. With nail salons on every corner my biggest thing is cleanliness and the nail room definitely meets my expectations. Disposable liners for each pedicure is a big plus! On to my nails. They have many gel colors to chose from and they do the most fab nail art. I actually stole a couple designs from their Instagram to put on my nails. The price was very affordable and the work is phenomenal. Score!!!
5	I took my grandmother to get pedicure. She is really picky and a diabetic so I had to make sure I took her somewhere clean and knowledgeable on how to treat her. I found the nail room through a coupon at albertsons offering 20% I checked the reviews and they looked solid!They used plastic tools and had all their implements sterilized. They even had a individual liner for her service which I never seen before. She was very please which makes me happy. Looks like we found our new salon :)
5	If I could give this place 10 stars I would!! The salon has the most unique cute look to it and they are such nice people, the quality of their services are amazing!
5	This salon has my nails looking fly all day. Top quality acrylic stylists, great color selection, friendly and attentive staff. I would definitely rate this a local fav spot for sure and refer friends and family all the time. Look forward to returning for a fill, mani-pedi girls days out coming soon!
5	Having moved from CA to vegas about a year ago, I have been on a hunt for the most up to date, cleanest nail salon in the area. I've tried numerous salons & I absolutely adore the nail room! The decor is glamorous, the technicians speak English lol, and everything is so clean! If you're on the search for the most fabulous mani/pedi with the most gentle nail techs, this is the place to go to! Did I mention they are amazing at nail art? Love it.
5	The owners are friends of my boyfriends so he referred me.  I was skeptical.  They did an amazing job. Accommodated my last minute needs. This is the first place to successfully do a gel fade on both fingers and toes. Nina handled my manicure and was awesome and very talented and Kaitlynn handled my pedicure and did an amazing job. I live in Summerlin and will definitely be making the drive to see these ladies again. Well worth it.
5	Wow what a beautiful salon. It looked so nice and inviting online I had to come by and see it myself and it looks better then it does in the pics.I came in for a pedicure and I was in for a treat. I was going to get the standard pedi but got the cupcake pedi instead. They had a cute little cupcake bath bomb they put in the water and a delicious smelling mint chocolate scrub that made the whole salon smell.The atmosphere was so relaxing and they had awesome music playing the whole time. I had a amazing experience and I will definitely be back!
5	Most amazing nail salon yet ! Great customer service , environment and professional work !! A must see !! Thank you nail room for everything !! I love you guys ! Muah !!
1	Having had prior experiences at The Nail Room that were entirely positive, I was extremely disappointed when a recent negative experience was met with no attempt to make things better. My daughter and I visited for mani/pedis, and the nail technician who worked with my daughter was over zealous in working on her big toe. My daughter told her it hurt, but she kept going. The next day the toe was sore, red and inflamed. I contacted The Nail Room and was asked for the technicians name. That was the last I ever heard from them. They made no attempt to follow up, check on my daughter's pain or provide any compensation. As we had had such positive experiences in the past, I expected more. The owner was short with me and made no attempt to fix things. Back to the search for a good nail place, as we will not return to a place with so little concern for their clients.
4	After writing my last review Chris contacted me to make things right. Once they realized the situation had not been resolved they acted quickly to fix things. I will definitely give them another chance, based on their recent response.
4	I'm on a mission to find a nail salon I really, really enjoy. After almost a year of going to a salon in the southwest, which is way too far away from where I live I decided to hunt out a new salon. This also came after the nail artist I saw at the previously mentioned salon started really trying to push me into doing higher-priced treatments. Typically I have a schedule: gel mani one visit, then a gel mani and pedicure with regular polish on the next visit. I dislike being upsold when I am trying to get something done as well, especially if it is done by the nail artist during my treatments. A co-worker of mine recommended The Nail Room, which is also far from where I live, but not as far as the south west. I definitely enjoyed their 20% off discount for first time customers.PROS: This place is CUTE and the owners (a wife and husband) are very nice and cordial. The whole staff seems happy, and while I was there the salon was quite busy. My gel application was done VERY well, by Jenni (the owner). She took her time and really made me feel like she wanted to get my gel application done perfectly. She definitely succeeded. It is one of the best gel applications I have ever had. The pedicure was also great, and Jenni took her time - nothing felt rushed.If you are there when they are doing one of their "cupcake" pedicures the whole place smells like a bakery! CONS: The selection of polish is smaller than my last salon, but not so small you can't find something you like.The seats do not offer and massage options and the employees have to wheel a bucket to you to actually do your pedicure - so there are not jetting tubs for your feet here.Overall I would recommend The Nail Room, especially if you live in Henderson. I am still debating if I will return, because it is so far away from me. I may need to try another couple salons closer to where I live and make my decision from there.
5	Had to post this midway through my pedicure...i have already made up my mind to change salons!Read some reviews online, thought okay.Saw some pictures online that people had posted of the salon and their nails, thought thats pretty cool!Came into the salon for a pedicure, they won me over as soon as i found out that a sugar scrub is included with the pedicure!!! Any other salon i have had to pay extra for a scrub! A tech that actually takes her time too?!? What a concept! LOVE it, will def be back!!!
5	LOVE this nail salon! I've received professional, well done, cool customized nail art gel manicures by Jenny, Nina, & Lori every visit over the past year.. They also have a great recommendation & repeat customer deals
4	My new favorite nail salon!  I first heard of The Nail Room from a coworker who follows them on Instagram.  Looked them up on Yelp, saw all the great reviews and that was all I needed.  I get gel mani and gel pedi, usually with nail art.  I've had Nina (mani/pedi) and Jenny (pedi/eyebrows).  Both did a great job.  I love the look of the salon, it is very chic and modern.  The chairs they have for the pedicures take some getting used to.  They are deep overstuffed chairs, super cute but if you are short like me and sit all the way back your legs stick straight out.  I was uncomfortable my first visit.  Let them know and they will push the chair up for you.  Then use some of the pillows behind your back and you will be good to go.  They have a few different pedicures to choose from.  I have tried the Classic and the Sugar Rush Cupcake.  I liked them both, but not sure the Cupcake was worth the extra $15.  My coworker loved it and gets it every time though.  So might just be me.  They get booked up so you def want to make an appointment.  You get 20% off your first visit so what are you waiting for?
5	I called this place a couple times and they were booked. I finally got to pop in for a walk in right before I was leaving town. The staff was so nice and welcoming and my tech seemed totally interested in what Halloween design I wanted, which made it fun while I was getting my nails done! I don't remember the name of the girl I had she was a younger girl but she was very good and her nail art was on point! The prices are like $5 more then other salons but the quality is totally worth it. Overall I had a great time and experience and she made sure my nails were perfect. I even got a discount for being a first timer. They just gained a new loyal customer I'll be back!
4	Update time! 4 stars! I still think this is the most fabulous and most hygienic nail salon around! Such a unique and feminine design in the shop that makes me feel like a total princess! I love their large, comfortable pedicure chairs that I can just sink into. They're like my cozy living room accent chairs. I also love the pedicure bowls with removable liners. So clean and hygienic. My favorite nail tech is Kaitlynn (spelling?). She is very talented and sweet, and she's friendly but quiet at all the right times (I love closing my eyes and just zoning out during her fantastic pedicure massage). Some, but not all, of the techs don't provide as relaxing of an experience, IMO. I often find myself missing the jetted pedicure tub (there are a couple of places in the valley that use the jetted tubs with removable liners - I won't go anywhere anymore that DOESN'T use the liners) and the massage chair. But I think the overall ambiance of the beautiful salon makes up for those shortcomings. Also, a little pricier than I'm used to. I wish they'd have deals at certain times of the year, or even on certain days of the week if you pair treatments. But the service and talent still makes it a great value. I very much dislike the punch card system they have. On the 11th visit you get a free treatment (gel, acrylic or pedicure service). But they won't punch your card for anything less than 25 bucks (that's not explicitly stated on the punch card) so the little people like me who enjoy the occasional regular manicure for 15 bucks are not rewarded at all. It would be beneficial to have a punch card that is punched for every full treatment, and then yields a free basic treatment (such as a regular manicure). But, excellent pedicure massages and terrific nail artists are worth extra $$$. I still go here exclusively but sometimes it's hard to get last minute appointments (like the day before or the day of). Par for the course with such a well-liked salon raved about by all!
5	Love this place.  Me and my MIL both go here.  They are so accommodating and pamper you esquistely!  Always squeeze me in on a walk-in.
4	First timer and was referred by a friend who received $5 off for bringing me. I received 20%off on my first visit. Decided I might as well get everything done with a gel french glitter manicure, which turned out to be less than $30. I had Lori who was very detailed and took her time and attention on my nails. Would definitely be back since I now get my $5 off for referring my friends. Btw place is clean and shabby chic. Haven't done a pedicure yet, maybe on my next visit.
2	This salon gets two stars because they can not accommodate your schedule. They are closed on Monday, and if you want an appointment with Jenny the owner you have to book a month in advanced.  I went in for a gel pedicure, a fill, gel manicure and a few designs. This appointment took 7 hours. I spent my entire day at a nail salon. My nails came out looking great which is why I'm giving 2 stars. I was very upset with how long it took. I tried to book an appointment to get my manicure and pedicure done at the same time because of my 7 hour appointment the time before. He told me he has never had a 7 hour appointment before "basically saying he doesn't believe me" and there is no possible way for them to accommodate my schedule. In fact they couldn't even book an appointment for me at all a few days in advanced. It's bad business practices to not accommodate your customer. I've been going to premier nails down the street on Horizon and Carnegie for 7 years. The days I need to get in and out they make it happen. Sometimes I have 3 people doing my nails at the same time. The reason I wanted to go to the nail room is they have more variety for jewels and stones to put on your nails. If you don't mind spending you day at a nail salon go to the nail room. If you're  like me and your time is valuable I don't recommend this salon.
