5	It was our last night in Montreal and we were really trying hard to find a nice place to eat...especially since the night before, we had the worst dining experience in years and years at Le Grille.  So we wanted some redemption.  We decided on L'Express.  What a great decision.  We walked in a little before 8 pm and the place was full.  The manager told us that they were booked with reservations and that we couldn't get a table until 10 pm or we could sit at the bar until 9 pm when another reservation was coming.  The manager was very polite and definitely accommodating given how busy it was that night.The bartender greeted us warmly and was very attentive, even though the bar was completely full at this point.  We told him that we only had until 9 pm and then we had to give up the seats and he assured us not to worry and to enjoy our night.  We ordered a wonderful goat cheese salad, followed by hanger steak and roasted quail, both of which were fantastic.  Wonderful flavors throughout.  As we were finishing our wine, another bartender offered us the dessert menu, but since they did not have an English translation of that menu, he offered his help and explained the desserts to us.  We were both very impressed with how the bartenders were so kind and helpful.  At this point, it had reached 9 pm and we thought we should leave but they assured us that it was no problem to have dessert so we did.  The chocolate dessert was absolutely wonderful.  We never felt rushed and we had a great experience.  We would definitely go back next time.  And I would even rather sit at the bar then at a table.
5	L'Express is one of my all-time favorites when visiting Montreal - its the epitomy of the traditional french bistro - the interior still has the original black and white tiled floor, aged wood bar area, paper covered tables, the wait staff even still bear the traditional black with long white aprons in honor of their rich french history. Upon entering I believe that there is no longer the sign outside bearing their name but ask anyone on the street and they will point you in the right direction. If you are looking for fois gras - you will die and go to heaven here!! You might even brush up on your french here - from the menu to the staff - this bistro feels like a storybook to me! Bon Appetit!
4	I came here with friends and we were all impressed with the various dishes we had ordered. L'express does a great job of using great ingredients and preparing all their dishes perfectly.A typical French Bistro with a long history dating back to '81 judging from their wall of employee photos, I can see why it has lasted. If you are not paying attention or looking for it though, you can easily walk right past this place.The name of the restaurant is tiled onto the floor just outside the restaurant, but there's no awning so keep your eyes peeled.  (At least there was no awning out when I was there)There is ample space and the decor keeps it charming without seeming dated.  Wait staff was excellent, although I can certainly understand why some people might find them cold.Keep in mind you're in Quebec where French is more dominant. It may be more an issue of English being the server's second language than it is a service issue.All in all it was a very enjoyable experience and I would recommend trying anything on the menu as everything looked delicious.
4	From the US perspective I think there's a lot of hype surrounding L'express because it was written on a couple of short-lists of must-eats in MTL - probably most notably in NYT.  Pre publicity it seemed like a great place to know to eat, a wonderful bistro with all the trim - indulge in anything, enjoy a cigarette between courses and lose your concerns in a great meal.  Indulge in everything but self consciousness.The food is very good - reliable and delicious over years. Authenticity may wane with acclaim here...
5	Yes! Another Montreal classic. L'express is both the most memorable and most forgettable restaurant you've ever been to. It was so memorable, that I have to write this glowing review, however, it was so forgettable that I could never remember the name, could never figure out how to search for it, or how to even describe in a somewhat unique way. And yet it is just that - unique. Oddly enough.The whole reason I went to Montreal was to experience Europe for half the money and take in a Habs game. I took in the Habs game on a Saturday, and had Sunday night to have my romantic poor-man's Europe experience. L'express delivered.From the outside, this place is completely non-descript and somewhat forgettable. You could walk by it on Rue St. Denis and choose a thousand other restaurants over it in pretty quick fashion. But, if you come in from the ridiculous winter cold, you get a totally wonderful experience. L'express is, in my opinion, the ultimate French bistro. Not that I've ever been to France, but if I had to paint a picture of what the ultimate French bistro in France would and should look, sound, and feel like, L'express would be it. Checkered floors, a long, classic bar area, and a narrow table-clothed dining area. It's fine-dining, but rough enough that you picture some poor, disaffected artists eating frites in the corner. We sat at the bar, and the bartender spoke absolutely NO english. Perfect. We ordered a small glass of the house red, which was $5.00 CAD. Awesome. I think the house red was still a French red. Don't see that much anymore. This being a French bistro, I went with the hangar steak frites, so I could try and compare it on even terms with the more faux-french american bistro's I'm used to. Perfect. The hangar steak was wonderfully cooked in the simplest of preparations, the frites were undeniably wonderful, and the whole meal was delivered as efficiently as possible with as much charm as possible from the french-speaking bartender. I also remember eating some of those cornichons in the picture, though I'm fuzzy on how that came about. Maybe it comes with their totally awesome french table bread?Overall, L'express is fast, affordable, romantic, poetic, and delicious. It's like having a dream about Montreal more than actually being in Montreal.
4	When traveling on business I search for restaurants with a bar and superb food. L'express filled that need. Yes, it is a certain business tourist destination, but what I really liked is being treated like a queen, served with perfect wine pairings and the bartenders wonderfully delicious french accents. The fish soup was delightful and the company was even better.
5	I go to L'express at least once every time I visit Montreal.steak de canard, foie gras terrine, soup de poissons, and bison steak are my favorites.   Everything is perfectly seasoned and cooked.  Simple and tasty, all substance no pretense.Forget about waiting to get a table, too much trouble, grab a seat at the barand enjoy.  Neighboring diners are usually very friendly.
4	It's like walking into the first class dining car on a train from the 1920's. The bartenders are always tidy and stressed in could-kill-you-with-graciousness kind of way. It is very French which can take some time when it comes to ordering. Not to mention the specials are hand-written on the left margin of the menu. An English menu is available for rejects like me who are still remembering what shark is in French. Again, my love of the counter has a home. A long, long bar set for full dining. You'll see everything from Sex In the City like groups of girls who could care less if men were ogling them because they're so involved in some good dish to what look like unshaven musicians to professor like men huddled around a table as if they've been going there for years. The food is fresh, timely and presented beautifully. I saw the squid come out and I thought it was a bouquet of flowers. Next time, I'm definitely trying it. It can be a little pricey but when every other good restaurant is closing, L'express is just picking up. Grab someone by the hand and huddle in the foyer until you are lead to the perfect seat. Every table seems to have a good story, including yours.
5	I love the atmosphere of this place as well as the amazing food!Among my favourite dishes here are the warm duck confit salade and the buttery yummy bone marrow that you scoop out and season with salt....mmmmmmm.I wish there was a sweet little place like this in California!  My best advice is to make reservations!!
5	Really excellent food with some of the best steak frites I've had...ever. I'd recommend making a reservation. When we arrived for our 8 pm reservation on a Friday evening lots of people were waiting for a table. The service was excellent. Our water glasses were always filled, more of the delicious, complimentary bread was brought to us without us having to ask and the server answered all our questions thoroughly. He was even patient with us with as we practiced our French and helped us to learn some new vocabulary. :) Also, despite the fact that it was rather busy, we were never rushed to order or to finish our meal. I ordered a glass of Reisling which was fabulous (although it's a rather small pour). We really enjoyed the complimentary bread basket. They also provide a huge jar of cornichons (pickles) and mustard. I also had the goat cheese salad which was great, featuring four large portions of goat cheese and various greens including endives. As I said above, the steak frites was excellent with hot, fresh frites and a delciously flavored steak. The portion was more than adequate. For dessert I just had a truffe maison (small chocolate truffle). It was okay but nothing to rave about. My friend had the ile flottant which she enjoyed a lot. I'd highly recommend L'express for excellent food at rather reasonable prices and good service. Note that there is not huge sign outside (just the tiles on the ground outside) so if you are approaching by car, watch carefully for the street number.
4	Came here after we got denied at Au Pied du Cochon for not having a reservation. This is as classic French bistro as you are going to get. Solid French food, nothing fancy, but they excel at every dish they do. Had the Hanger Steak with frites and it was good. Nothing to drool over - a solid steak. Also had the duck confit and that was tender and full of flavor and came on a bed of greens. Appetizers were a mayo egg and chicken pate, which is highly recommended. Skipped dessert. A solid meal that reminded me of Parisian bistros visited in 2004.
5	First off... this is my 100th review!!!! I finally get to review my favorite restaurant!!L'express... where do I begin.  Two years ago my family and I took a road trip to Canada. we went to Toronto, Quebec, and Montreal.  My dad as our guide (even though he's never been there before) we flew all the way to buffalo, NY and rented a car and drove all the way to the border of Canada (4 hrs).  Then drove another 4hrs to Quebec.  I must say, i have never sat in a car for that long.  The trip was definitely worth it.  I love everything about Montreal, the beautiful people, the language, the streets adorned with fallen leaves.  This is where i meet  the dainty yet cozy L'express.  My brother had heard about this place and just to make sure, we asked several people about the restaurant and they agreed...it was the best french restaurant in Montreal that wasn't overly overly priced!  There is nothing fancy about this place, just checkered black and white tiles running the floor, dark wooden tables and chairs, and huge vases of miniature pickles.  Not to mention, you will only find this place by looking down. The name of the restaurant is discreetly spelled out in black and white at the foot of the restaurant. This is french food, in my opinion, at its finest...comfortable yet flossy..... inexpensive yet lavish all at the same time.  The menu is a rustic looking piece of paper, but with each dish spelled out in cursive as if someone used calligraphy to hand write each one.   For those of you who do not speak or read french, they have English menus.  Just ask!The waiter explained the specials for the night in his french accent which i found very attractive =P  He suggested we start with the Magret Canard (thinly sliced smoked duck served with halved figs and drizzled in a red wine balsamic reduction).  It was heavenly. The duck reminded me of fine proscuitto yet so opposite.  The color was dark burgundy and the each peice was so dainty.  When paired with the fig and the reduction i was blown away!  I tried to savor each piece, but between the 4 of us, we each had only 2 small slices.   My dad ordered the Parisian style steak frites w/ herbed butter.  For something so simple, it was one of the best steaks i have ever had.  When he cut into it, juices flowed out and we all knew it was going to be delicious.  The flavor of the buttered herbs and the meatiness of the beef drizzled in its own juices was so satisfying, not to mention the perfectly sliced and fried frites!  I ordered the bone marrow of cow which was topped with grey salt, served with toasted baguettes.  It was so simple, and the bone marrow was fatty and had a jelly like texture to it.  The presentation of each dish is so simple, four bone marrows, a pinch of Grey salt and individually topped with a green leaf of some sort.  Definitely not saving the best for last because each dish was magnificent beyond words... is the veal kidney with cremini mushrooms and baby dutch potatoes.  I have never eaten kidney other than cooked in soy sauce and topped with green onions.  This dish was so humble yet it blew me away.  the veal kidney was cooked perfectly.  When you bit into it, it 'popped' so to speak, and it was tender on the inside.. not rubbery and overcooked at all.  It was nicely paired with the mushrooms and potatoes.  I'm not sure what was in the sauce, but it was divine... ahh..to wrap up my long review... order some wine & do make reservations or prepare to wait 1..2..hours..even though its worth it!!
5	Excellent! Excellent!We went there for early lunch. Made a reservation the night before, but we got there late because we had to drive 2 hours from Ottawa to this place.Even though we were way late for the reserved spot, the host quickly sat us down at the bar. He even apologized that he couldn't sit us at a table. So curtious! Pickles were excellent - I don't eat pickles, but I ended up eating at least 10 of their sweet/bit of sourness cute little pickles. We ordered bone marrow and Quail on wild rice. Presentation was very nice and both dishes were very rich in flavor. I loved the quail A LOT! It was very tender and juicy and yet the skin was caramelized and sweet. The bone marrow was interesting, but definitely too "rich" (greasy taste) for me. I also thought the prices were quite fair. The quail was about CAD 18.In LA, I'm sure that'd be USD 25-30 at least. We stolled a bit on St-Denis. Very nice street with lots of unique shops. Highly recommend this restaurant!! 2 thumbs up!!
5	Perfect ! This is a "must" stop on any visit to Montreal.   The room is simple and elegant, the staff professional and efficient.    The manager  followed us out the door to make sure that he said thank you.  The wine recommendation was great ant the food perfect.       I had the quiche as an appetizer and  quickly realized why quiche was so popular in the 70s & early eighties .  I think that has become  "cheez whized" in the US but this is the real deal[ btw -- how do they make that crust?]   The steak was tender and cooked to perfection  and the fries were just like mother used to cook.If you are going to Montreal it may be a good idea to make your reservation a week in advance.
4	A true Parisian style restaurant. This place is pure class and quality. It's been around for a while and you still need a reservation days in advance if you expect to get in on a Friday or Saturday night.When here, splurge for wine; most are private imports from France that you will not find elsewhere in the city.Classic French food done properly at a reasonable price.
5	It began awkwardly, as the host placed us in the middle of the restaurant, standing...waiting... for our reservation.  The night progressed.  We were seated.  It was a small room enhanced with a large mirror across one wall.  I found an expansion within myself as a sipped slowly the white nectar of sauvignon blanc (Saucerre - Gerald Boulay).  We debated whether wine is stomped by feet anymore.  A french lady at our hostel told us they still do.  Anyways, back to the story.  We paired our meals with our fine wines, and began to savor the spicy mustard/pickle/pepper bread concoction which tested the limits of our olfactory sense.  My friend Steve (Monseuir Steve) ordered the grilled salmon on a spinach bed.  He describes it tasting like an old salty man, dehydrated after an extended stay in the sauna.  It was at this point that I informed Monsuier Steve that if he wants to describe food as such to create his own posting.Nevertheless I hit the jackpot with a savory selection of ravioli maison avec de la viande et de la sauce aux champignon.  I don't even speak french - and see what I can do now after eating!? Tres bien.  For dessert, we split 2 because we couldn't decide on one.  The first was a delightfully light and zesty mango and rasberry sorbet over a crunchy cookie sheet.  The second was a parfait.  I don't speak french, but it was perfecto.  It was designed as follows: top layer of maple-y creamy nougat; pear butterscotch middle layer; covering a bottom layer of port soaked plum.  I closed my eyes, cycling through the long history of desserts that I've experienced in my lifetime, trying to find a comparison.  Then i realized i was cycling through the wrong category of food.  It was not a dessert; instead i should have been cycling through my short list of orgasmic experiences.
5	I'm so glad I visited this restaurant when I was in Montreal last week. The food was fantastic. We started with the bone marrow, which was interesting but good. I had the duck confit over salad and my partner had the lobster risotto. Both dishes were absolutely delicous. The risotto was perfeclty cooked and the duck wasn't too greasy. Also, the vinigrette was really tasty and I enjoyed the texture of the salad. Definitely indulge in some dessert. The flan and chocolate tart were incredible. The prices were really reasonable.  The staff was great and you don't need to speak French.
5	LOVED IT!! Really nice, courteous, accommodating staff. We came in on a recommendation from a friend, around 8:30 on Saturday night, without a reservation, and the staff did their best to accommodate us. The food was delicious, the service wonderful, we were thrilled! I should mention that we, as a group, are not easily impressed, we dine out a lot, and are fortunate enough to live in cities that offer fantastic food and restaurants. L'express was the dining highlight of our vacation! Thank you L'express! Keep up the great work!!
5	Excellent place!! Definitely recommend it to everyone!
5	excellent, unpretentious French comfort food in a classic bistro setting. reserve at least a day in advance as the place is packed.the bone marrow appetizer and the two mains of kidney and quail were perfection on a plate. service was efficient and friendly, the server translated everything skillfully
4	An authentic french place in the heart of the plateau.  My friends decided to get engaged here, in front of us! I lost track of everything after that. I remember something about pickles in a jar brought to the table. Something about some really great wine. And I've heard good things about the steak frites.  Not super easy for vegetarians to find things to eat. (See aforementioned bone marrow review!) Lovely setting, though. Service is impeccable.
4	I absolutely love this restaurant, anyone who lives or visits Montreal has to make a stop at this gem of a French Bistro. I had the pot au feu and I was in heaven. You can't go wrong at  L'express.
5	L'Express is the true type of French bistro that I wish we could find more here in the US.  They have, maybe, the best bread outside of Paris.  (Alas, you cannot buy this baguette as it is made specially for the restaurant, and sometimes the chef rejects it when not up to standards.)It is a joy to eat here on vacation with my family, and to watch my 6-year-old daughter discover the joys of duck confit and frites with aioli.  The steak frites is delicious, but other specials have also proved memorable.  Seemingly, you can't go wrong with anything on the menu, and the prices are oh-so reasonable, too.We are going back during our annual August trip to Montreal!
2	I just don't get this place. The concierge in our hotel advised against L'Express, however we went anyway after looking over all the glowing reviews. It wasn't terribly busy as we had a late reservation (10pm). As New Yorkers, we get great French cuisine anytime and were dying to try it out in Montreal. This place had the ambiance of a maroon color painted truck stop diner. We had the warm goat cheese salad (ok), steak frites (good), the lobster risotto (good) and orange panna cotta type of desert (bad). The portions are much smaller than what we Americans are accustomed to. Our bill was approx 120 CAD with a 1/2 bottle of wine, not including tip. Service was friendly, although painfully slow (how typical of the french!). We even had a "French Canadian local" tell us to stay away from French food in Montreal; he was right. So to sum it up it was just average, not worth the price and really nothing to write home about. New York does French way better. Please see: Balthazar, Les Halles, Pastis, Le Gamin... the list goes on....
2	As a New Yorker, and a native one at that, it is said that New York has more French Bistros than France itself. And many great ones to add - i.e. Les Halles, Le Gamin, Jacques, Bar ta Bac, Provence.... Our hotel concierge advised us against this one and suggested one closer to the hotel called "Holder" - we should have listened. The highlight of actually going to L'express was walking through the multicolored convention center to catch the metro. Located in what the Montrealers call the "Latin Quarter" - really I didn't see any Latins, but many other fine little eateries. The place was not as lively as I would have expected it to be on Saturday night at 10pm. It was all maroon inside and had the feel of a pretentious diner. The service was OK, not impressive, but at least not snooty. I asked the waiter for a half bottle of Cabernet Sauvignon and he brought me out and opened up a bottle of Merlot. We ordered the hanger steak and frites and the Lobster Risotto. We were for-warned by a local that the French bistros do not provide the quantity for the price they will charge and I just didn't get the hype after I got and tasted my food. I have to add though, that the Risotto had a generous quantity of lobster meat in it. I was afraid it would be aborrio rice with essence of Lobster - like a bisque. But it pleasantly surprised me with the meat. Although, at this time, Lobster is unfortunately very cheap to buy this season due to overfishing - hence the generous portion of lobster meat. Because we didn't get enough food, we had enough room for desert and the Creme de Caramel l'orange was a true mouthful of chewy orange skin bits. The coffee  that we ordered to accompany it was over roasted because it had a burnt taste.  Maybe  that's what they liked? Eh, I'll just  go to Tim Hortons.  But the cup it came in was so heavy I had to hold it up with two hands each time to drink it.  A picture is posted for your viewing pleasure. Our total bill for one appetizer, two entrees, one desert and a half bottle of wine came out to $108 USD. Sorry, I just can't rave about this place.
4	Great bistro feel, awesome bistro food. Went early with the little one and had a great meal, while she slept. Some highlights - the octopus and lentil salad, liver mousse, sorrel soup to start were all excellent. For main courses, the duck with chanterelles was a hit, as was the house ravioli - which was out of this world. For dessert their l'isle flotant was big enough for 4, but good enough that one could justify eating it. 4 people, 3 courses, 2 nice bottles of wine ~ $350 tip in.
4	It makes no bones about it that it is a bistro and it is a very good bistro because its menu really is much more refine than others.  I loved the bone marrows and everything else was great.  My hubby who is Parisien thinks it is very close to a good bistro in Paris. I highly suggested this place when anyone lands in Montreal, they open to 2 a.m!!!
4	L'ExpressAfter all the reviews I'd read about this bistro, I was tre excited to try it out. The atmosphere was so lively and French! We were immediately seated because of my reservation, and our table was perfect.We started with the foie gras, which was purely delicious. Then both of us ordered the raviolis. OMG, to die for! The sauce alone was worth scraping the bowl with bread, and the tender meat filling in the ravioli was bliss!We ended the meal with the apple tarte a la mode.......perfect, perfect, perfect.The service was slow, but friendly and thorough, so we loved our l-oooong meal. Do yourself a favor and go!
5	A Montreal gem.The cool thing about this French restaurant is that it really feels like a Parisian bistro, which many travelers are shocked to discover is NOT standard in Montreal.  Yes people, Montreal and Paris are on two very distant continents and no, Montrealers are not baguette toting Frenchmen.But this place might have you fooled, if you want to continue thinking that you drove up from Boston to visit France.  Please leave your redsox hat at the door though: the place is chic. Hard to spot from the outside but the mirrors and lighting make the place feel lively and spacious, even though its slightly small.  The service seems to be very male dominated; L'express is not pulling the cheap trick of hiring hot waitresses to get you in the door like some other wannabe restaurants on the parallel St. Laurent strip.  No, no, just a bunch of professional dudes who do a great job and know that they serve at one of the best restaurants in Quebec.The food is buttery, yummy and beautiful.  Its also a little grotesque to see octopus or bone marrow being served but I'll bet it tastes as good as their chicken in mustard sauce (which I suspend my vegetarianism to consume) or their salmon...The desserts are also worth waiting for, with the traditional isle flotant, some great chocolate tortes and even a baba o rum that will have your boyfriend's dad drunk in a few bites---and chanting "baba baba baba" for the remainder of the meal.  You must, must, must eat here if you are in town.
5	wow.my fave item was the chicken pistachio pate. that and the HUGE jar of cornichon. go here.
4	First, it's on St. Denis street, who clearly was the BEST of all the Saints.  So they get 5 stars for location. Came here for an early dinner, around 6:30.  No problem getting in.   By 7:30 it was packed, so make sure to make reservations! The service was more efficient than polite.  Nothing to make you feel unwanted, but nothing to give you that friendly feeling either.  However, it was very quick and prompt.  It could have been because our table was reserved for 8:15 (which they told us twice) and they wanted to get rid of us quick, but the service was very fast.  Which is a huge plus. The complimentary bread was absolutely delicious.  Not warm, but super fresh.  I got the steak and fries, which I now realize is my usual order at a french place.  The steak was pretty good, the fries were golden and crispy, really good.  For dessert I got a lemon tart (though it was called something else in french).  Not the regular watered down taste, super lemony, so I was a huge fan! The ambiance is nothing special, especially for the price.  Everything is plain, nothing is particularly clean, though it's not dirty either.  The tables have white papers on them...  At first glance it could be a deli with a bar.
4	L'express lived out to most of the expectations set by previous reviewers. We were able to get a table for early Sunday evening and the place was still relatively quiet. We were greeted with some of the best baguette bread and mustard/cornichons. We had the goat cheese salad, ravioli and the steak tartar. Even though it was obvious we were the non french speaking tourists, the waiters were very nice and helpful. The service was prompt and they gave us help with our young toddler. Sadly he was out of patience by the end of the dinner so we didn't have a chance to try the desserts (though we did take a walk up to suite 88 chocolatier for a decadent hot chocolate.
4	If you want video and imagery of my amazing experience here, go here: http://bit.ly/1DPPgAThe night is still young, the sun is still shining, and I'm in high spirits as I enter L'Express, a cute little restaurant in Montreal.I grab the last seat at the bar, and gaze upon an impressive menu and wine list.  I decide to go with the chicken liver pate with pistachios, the rillettes, and the bone marrow I've heard so much about.Presented before my meal is basic bread and butter, mustard, and little pickles to tickle my tongue.The chicken liver pate with pistachios is served to me first.   It is soft, spreadable like a cool and creamy butter.  Perfect spread on a piece of baguette that is soft, yet firm and balanced.Next, the rillettes are served.  The spread is robust with texture from the chunks of pulled canard.  Atop lies a slice of yellow plum and a generous sprinkle of chives.  Scattered around the pot is toasted baguette.  Is it white pepper I taste in the rillettes?  Delicious, spiced perfectly (not overwhelming, but enough to leave a wonderful flavor lingering on your tongue.)The bone marrow is next, served in 4 pieces in the bone and each covered by a round of green.  Grey salt is served in the middle and toasted baguette again.  I coax the marrow out with my knife, and pour it onto the toast.  The fat juices drip down the side of the bone and laugh with delight.  My first bite.  The salt is PERFECT with this!  It only enhances the wondrous flavor of marrow.  My first experience with marrow served as such, and a glorious experience it is.The floating island is my dessert.  A large dome of meringue long with a caramel glaze on top floating in a creme anglaise.  The meringue is soft and sweet, and the hard caramelized outside becomes malleable in my mouth.  To offset the sweetness, a spoonful of creme from the dish is perfect, for it is not too sweet, nor does it overwhelm the palate.  What a way to finish an amazing food adventure at L'Express.Yummers!  See you on twitter... @tastytwosome. :)
4	Absolutely delicious. We dressed up in some nice duds and hit the town for a romantic dinner. We started off with the bone marrow appetizer. Oh, Lordy Lordy! It was GOOD! I wish we each ordered our own. It came with four large pieces of bone and slices of toasted baguette. Next, we each had a simple salad and a splendid Burgundy. I ordered grilled halibut and the hubby had a chicken and beef stew that came with a large piece of marrow in bone. I was a little jealous. For dessert, a pretty little chocolate tart that melted in my mouth with a strong dose of espresso. The service was very decent and attentive without being fussy. It's a bustling atmosphere, loud and lively. I love having dinner in places like this. It's got that non-contrived look about it other restaurants try to create. It feels authentic. Next time I'm in Montreal, I will definitely make a point of eating here again.
4	For my ex-pat Thanksgiving dinner, I went to L'express. The very kind waitstaff snuck us into bar seats though the restaurant was clearly booked for the night. As a bread whore I was delighted with the fresh baguettes and butter and even more pleased with my entre. I had the steak frites, which were absolutely DELICIOUS. L'express made me mourn not being in France that night, not the US!
5	I am so glad that I don't have to deal with going to Paris to experiance this level of gastronomy.  Every bad review I have read about this place seems to come from people who claim to be New Yorkers - I haven't put a connection yet as to why but for the moment if your mail gets sent to zip code 10001 through 10282 and you summer on hampton beach, you might want to stay away from this place or risk comparing it to all the way more fabulous places in Tribeca and Soho.  All kidding aside L'Express is everything that it should be and nothing that it should'nt. On the two ocasions I have been service has been phenominal both from servers and bartenders.  That was also one of the chief complaints about this place - I haven't experianced it and I don't see how unless it was busy and someone was camping out and not realizing it.  Lets get to brass tacks... Food - Phenominal! Best Steak frites in Montreal, excellant thick hanger steak cooked to perfection (seared on the outside and mooing on the inside) with a rich herb butter: frites were also amazing, medium cut not to thin not too thick and not greasy at all.  Salad was perfect as an app and I was able to try the Ravioli of the day (house made) and it too was perfection.  So far I have only tried one wine on their list and thats all I have to.  One of the bartenders put me on to Brunel De La Gardine 2007 Cotes Du Rhone - modestly priced but it breaks the mold for young Cotes Du Rhone (in my humble opinion).  They tell me that there is an exclusive agreement between express and the Brunel house in France - meaning this isnt available anywhere else in N.America, currently I spend my time on the internet and in wine shops around the tristate area trying to make that NOT SO. Back to topic - For Dessert they have the typical brassarie faire of truffles and flans, my table elected the Chocolate truffles sold individually.  The concentrated chocolate flavor of one was enough to satisfy me as a molton chocolate cake, with alot less fuss.  A few things to think of before you go.. make a reservation because they are busy every night; get the bone marrow because they ran out of it last time I was there and I know it must be good;  go for wine, because liquour pours are typically measured as is standard in Montreal; try to get a drink at the bar and chat up the staff and bartenders - they are very friendly and helpful, even so far as to recomend other resturants for your trip. I love this place and I want to sublet a table for an entire summer!
4	I think this place will be a consistent favorite.  It is expensive, but worth it.  I think you have to try it for yourself to believe.Had the bone marrow, which is great, and a cod appetizer off their specials, which was okay.  Steak for entree was wonderful, husband got the scallops off the specials, which were great as well.  Our server was excellent, full of information and suggestions.  Dessert was the tarte tatin -- warm with ice cream -- yum.  I had the dark chocolate torte, which is intense but also very flavorful.I really like the atmosphere, the bar when you walk in, the cute bistro-type tables and chairs, and the way people are crammed in there gives it a cozy feeling.The people next to us had their small child (5 yrs), and he looked both bored with his food and the location -- not sure if it is a good place for children.  It can also be tight on space for strollers, but I think they are accomodating.
4	Canada is nice - everyone is super polite and pushing is a no-no! A nice change of pace from NYC. When we walked in the host immediately knew we were from the States, so he asked if an English menu would help. We overwhelmingly said yes!Starting with the Octopus and Lentil Salad was great idea. The salad can only be described as an upside down lentil-shaped bowl decorated with circles of octopus meat and tentacles. The floor of the dish was covered with a tangy vinagrette. The lentil seeds were fresh and the octopus was soft.  A combination that can be shared by 2-4 people. The complimentary pickles were amazing. They were like the vodka shots of the pickle family. These tiny pickles packed a sour, sour punch. The bread was not amazing, it was just good standard bread. Grain Fed Chicken with Greens - This thick slice of chicken breast sat in a brown sauce that was dynamic and savory. I don't really like chicken, but this is something I would happily gobble up. Duck Confit Salad - I always thought that warm food on top of cold salad would wilt the greens, but their salad stayed fairly crisp as I devoured its neighbor. The soft dark meat was flavorful, but i feel not as flavorful as it could have been. There were also smaller, bright red, rectangular pieces of duck that were amazing - soft and rich in flavor. The combination of the three pieces really made the dish. So, try to cram it all in your mouth =).  Quail with Wild Rice - This was an amazing dish that I wish I had gotten. If you go, get this. There were several pieces of quail that you may need to eat with your hands, but it is well worth it. The quail was succulent and juicy - perfectly cooked. The wild rice was slightly crunchy, very hearty, and very savory. This dish was very dynamic and I can almost say, fun to eat! Sea Bass - The downer of the group. The sea bass was swimming in olive oil and although not cooked badly, it is not something worth driving all the way to Montreal. Dessert - Floating Island - This sufficiently fed 4 people, and I feel like this could even stretch to 6!  This was a dome of whipped egg whites encased in dark golden brown sugar glass floating on top of sugary waters. The dessert left me wondering about my dental health, but it was definitely interesting. If you want to try something new, try this. Overall, a very pleasant evening on a cold winter night.
5	Beautifully executed, scrumptious, classic French cuisine. Great service, lovely dining experience. And most importantly, the food was wonderful. I refer you to my pictures.
5	The absolute highlight of the meals we enjoyed during our trip to Montreal!We blew in with the snow - giant globs of snowflakes clinging to our hair and coats, and they whisked us to our table near the corner of the restaurant. We started with loaves and loaves of french bread (their bread was DELICIOUS. As was their butter!). We couldn't stop talking about their bread for the entire weekend!Everything we ordered was perfectly seasoned and presented. Everyone enjoyed their entrees immensely! The steak frites were the best I've had anywhere, as was the steak tartar! Make reservations and please go, you won't regret it!
5	Moderately priced great French Quebec cuisine.Never been to a place like this in France, so can't really compare.But for me, this was as French as it gets.We tried:Bone Marrow - very interesting.Beef Tartare - great.Smoked Salmon - yummy.Some salad with cheese - I didn't try it but my friend liked it.Apple Crumb Tarte with Vanilla ice cream - amazing.Complimentary baguette with butter & mustard, and house pickles are GREAT.With all the food + coffee, 2 red wine glasses + 2 beers = under $100.Definitely the place to go when looking for a good French Quebec restaurant.BEST SERVICE in Montreal!!!
5	The first night I was in Montreal, I was ripped off by a restaurant pretending to be French. The second night there, I confused Montreal with Paris, due to a perfect French restaurant named L'Express. We didn't make reservations,  but this was not a problem. We walked in on a Sunday night and immediately got a seat at the bar. Perfection. The service was precise and the experience was unique. When we were seated, a jar of mini pickles and mustard that is akin to wasabi was set before us. I consumed a quarter of the jar and ate half a loaf of bread before I even placed my app order, not because service was slow, but because they were so tasty I could only inhale them. For an app, we had the bone marrow. The stuff looks horrid, but wow. It is served with very crisp toast and sea salt. Eat it all together and the dish is irresistible. Pure fat, but so light that it just melts away with each bite. For my main course I had the Steak and Frites (fries). Ordered it cooked medium and it was done perfectly (my dinner mate ordered hers blue and it was by all means still moo'ing). So juicy with just the right amount of redness. The seasoned juice from the steak was absorbed by some of my fries. I ate them all. All. Did I lose a touch of my dignity when they removed my plate and you couldn't actually tell what was served on it because I cleaned it so well? Perhaps. But was it worth it? Very much so. I will say that having the bone marrow and the steak was a bit much. My mouth tasted as though I had coated it with fat. Totally my fault for over doing it, but I couldn't resist. It was just that good. My dinner mate suggested I skip dessert and just have an apple back at our b&b. This seemed so wrong. So wrong. I went on and ordered the Chocolate Tart for dessert to help cleanse my palate. This was a let down. Not as ah-mazing as some have described it to be. A little too dense for my liking. But all in all, L'express was a perfect meal that set us back about $100 Canadian for an app, two steak dinners, two beers and a dessert.
5	A highlight of my week of eating in Montreal.  We made a reservation the day of just in case it was crowded, which was a great idea.  We were seated quickly, though we had to wait an oddly long period of time (did they forget about us?) but other than that the service was impeccable.  Cozy little place crammed with tables, no sign in the front, full of older business-looking people and their families/friends.  We were definitely the youngest patrons.  After the bread, butter, mustard, and pickles came out, we started with the incredible bone marrow.  It was just fat, but a big glob of it with a bit of sea salt on the toast was an amazing culinary experience that melted in your mouth with so much flavor.  I can't recommend it enough.Then we had the tartare (i ordered it epice or spicy), which came with fries and was quite yummy, as well as the saute of confit de canard on salad which was incredible.  Very flavorful duck perched on a lightly dressed salad with mini croutons and fried pancetta (perhaps); everything about the dish was good.  The only disappointment of the meal was the dessert, when we ordered an ile flottante (floating island).  Because of the fairly classical execution on the dishes so far, I was looking forward to the usual bowl of creme anglaise topped with that exquisite island of edible cloud to remind me of Paris, as the rest of L'Express does.  But instead we had a plate of custard with a gigantic mound of meringue coated in a FAR TOO SWEET thick coat of brulee, vaguely maple flavored.  I ended up pushing aside the candy coating and eating the rest of the dessert, which was fine but needed more of that yummy vanilla cream custard.Despite the dessert and weird wait before ordering, however, this place still merits 5 stars from me-great service, good ambiance, and very very good food.  It was a perfect last meal in Canada, and our bill including tip was about $80 CAD.
5	I was in Montreal for work, and my mom visited me and asked if we can go somewhere with authentic French Food. This was a recommendation from a co-worker and it was SO good!The small place on St. Denis immediately gave you a Parisien feel. The food wasn't too expensive, and good portions for the meal. People were friendly and we felt very comfortable, even with a small child running around. I liked it alot and would definately come back here. I really felt I had good value for money, which is important to me. Quality and Quantity of food.
4	Gralhggha. That's the sound of me salivating over the thought of their bone marrow appetizer. It's sooooo good. Sinfully delicious hunks of bone marrow with crunchy toasts and coarse sea salt. That may have been the best thing I ate in Montreal.I also had a very competent duck confit salad, while my friend had the beef tartare. Both were very tasty and well-executed, but neither was knock-your-socks-off amazing like the bone marrow. Mmmm, bone marrow...The dessert, however, wasn't that great, even if it was a spectacle. We ordered the floating island, and when it came out, our server actually wished us luck in finishing it. It was giant. But the problem was that the island was encased in a hard shell of caramelized sugar which was overwhelming and not that tasty, and there wasn't much of an ocean for the island to float in. The service at this place was also great for the most part. Very smart and very professional, even though it was packed. I feel like I should also mention that my friend and I were clearly the youngest table that we could see. Granted, we're college students, and most other tables looked like older businessmen...
5	with a handwritten menu, this place has all the charm and bustle of a real french bistro.be sure to be adventurous and try out their specialities.my father and i enjoyed the following at lunch:1. the roasted bone marrow - topped with a delicate lettuce leaf, each selected bone was a different height.  2. the mustard celery was fantastic!!!! thinly sliced and "pickled" with mustard, i devoured this right up.3. the veal kidneys with mushroom and house potatoes were excellent!  rich and filling.  this is a must try.4. the veal liver with perfect fries and homemade mayo is not for the faint of heart.  this was quite a generous portion.  it would be something that i normally would not try but now, i would order it in a second.  the dish was packed full of flavor!for dessert, we enjoyed a giant but light serving of the floating island - a lovely confection of whipped eggwhites with a sugar caramel crust topped with almond slices and floating on a sea of english cream.  it was the best one that i have ever sampled even compared to all the restos in paris.fast and friendly service, this is a definite stop for anyone - local or just visiting.  be sure to look around as you may spot a local celebrity or two.
5	Actually excellent.  Try the marrow and the ravoli.
4	I great experience and an excellent bistro! Although this establishment was on he expensive side, the service was exceptional and the food was fantastic as well! I will definitely eat at this restaurant again next time I'm in town!
5	I had read earlier reviews on Yelp and was intrigued to find out if it was a good as going to Paris. My partner, who works for an airline, and I decided for a short get away to someplace we had never been. As experienced "space available" travellers we usually "fly by the seat of our pants" so to speak and don't make set plans. With this said, we decided to venture out to L'express with no reservation. We arrived at the restaurant at about 6:30pm and enquired about a table. The Maitre'd said that there was one table reserved for 4 at 8pm, however if we could finish dinner in 1 and half hours it was ours... Sold.. The menu was handwritten in French, however they also have a printed menu in English, Spanish and Italian. The waiter asked us if the English menu would be of assistance... another point for service. Since we were on a time crunch we ordered 2 courses each and decided to wait and see about dessert. I ordered the Octopus and Lentil salad and Martin had smoked salmon... The Octopus and Lentil Terrine was light, refreshing and set the tone for the rest of the meal. Martin enjoyed his smoked salmon immensely. Next he ordered the duck con-fit on a bed of greens and green beans while I ordered the shrimp risotto. Both were absolutely magnificent! It really was like we were in Paris! We decided to skip the dessert as we were almost approaching the 8pm hour, however I did see some of the choices and they looked spectacular. I will definitely be back to this restaurant on my next visit to Montreal. Highly recommended!
5	Their menu out front doesn't show it, but this restaurant also serves breakfast, which can be a lovely and inexpensive way to enjoy the ambiance of this special resto.The breakfast menu is very simple fare, and everything is a la carte.  Choices include baguette, croissant, rillettes, slices of emmenthal cheese...  each range an average of around $2 - $4, and you just add up the ingredients you want on your breakfast plate.  If you're looking for creative combinations of eggs benedict, plates lavishly decorated with fruit or hangover-healing heavy doses of grease, this is not the place for you; potatoes don't even appear on the menu.  But the simple food they do they do very well.If you're dining with a few others, I would suggest (as I will be doing next time) ordering plates of tomatoes, cheese and rillette to share along with your toast and eggs.  Otherwise, if you order it all for yourself, you'll be faced with the equivalent of one whole tomato, 6 slices of cheese for your modest - though perfect - slice of toasted baguette.The fruit cup last saturday was especially nice - a pretty verrine of strawberries, oranges and grapefruit.On a Saturday morning, it was packed; reservations are strongly recommended.
3	I had lunch here with my brother and girlfriend on a quiet sunday afternoon. We had steak-frites, steak tartare and warm goat cheese. The food came out promptly but didn't really have that much flavor behind any of it. The exception to this are the giant jars of pickles served with fantastic dijon mustard.the service was quick, polite and efficient. definitely express.
4	Tried our luck without reservations any luckily they were able to fit us in (party of two) but we had to leave by a certain time which was not a problem.  Point being, make reservations!The service was very attentive and patient as I attempted to converse solely in French (they do speak English.)  This is what I was expecting when I have French Bistro.  The service was great and anticipated every need, the atmosphere so very french, the food -- a traditional bistro style.  A very good wine list, limited number of demi- bottles, no beer. My husband had the quail and I had the shrimp risotto which both were good-- but not earth shatteringly fantastic.  What was great was the little jars of cornichon pickles and spicy (like clear your sinuses mustard) at every table. And again, the service was so attentive, it made the average meal so much more special.  They do take Amex Ex
5	Where am I?  Am I in Strausberg?And did that Garson really just slap himself for spilling wine?Will frequent...from Boston.
4	REALLY nice vibe. Staff was super friendly and attentive. Not stuffy at all. The food was delicious. The decor is fun (modern/sleek bistro, if you can imagine). Best meal we've had in Montreal.
5	Authentic french food in the middle of a kind-of-french culture.  If what you're craving is excellent foie gras terrine or duck confit salad at 2am, you're in the right place.  L'express beats diner food for late night dining everytime!
4	Great place for breakfast: simple food done just right, fantastic coffee and lovely atmosphere. The morning prices would fall in the $$ category rather than the $$$. Service was very nice, although the food came out very delayed (our waitress did come to us and apologized for the wait).
5	I am a HUGE fan of this restaurant.  Visits to Montreal absolutely suck unless they include a meal here.  I am addicted to the Mouse de foie de voillaie appetizer.  Pure sex in a ramekin.   It's a mix of various fowl livers topped with pistachio's served with fresh french bread.  Delicious is an inadequate adjective.  I am also addicted to their steak tar-tare.  It is difficult at best to find this classic in the States and nearly impossible to find it done well.  At L'Express it is exceptional.  I take mine extra spicy.  Served with impeccable frites it is a joy for my palette.  On our recent visit we enjoyed Il Flotante for dessert.  A light fluffy meringue floating in caramel sauce.  This was the only sub-par item we had. The caramel chunks in the sauce were simply too large and unmanageable.  On previous visits these were broken into small pieces.  This was a small oversight but one the chef should address.Service here is always impeccable albeit very formal and a bit stuffy.  In part this is because this is definitely a "see and be seen" establishment.  We dined next to a local news anchor although I must admit I didn't know who he was or what all the fuss was about.  All told this is a fantastic restaurant.  If you're going to Montreal do not miss the opportunity to have classic French Bistro food done well.  You will not be disappointed.
5	I had a delicious poached salmon with chirvil mashed potatoes.  It was delicious.  We started off with a creamy chilly gazpatcho which was wonderful. Matched with a nice glass of rose and a lovely waitress.
4	Always worth a visit when in Montreal. Can be crowded and you might have to wait if no reservation but the food is authentic and the vibe isgood.Stay with the traditional French dishes and enjoy yourself.Alan/ New York
4	A throughly enjoyable evening, in spite of the fact that they were out of the bone marrow when we arrived. The setting is very French with the requisite zinc bar and black and white tile floor. Loud, but appropriately so. Snug but not uncomfortable. The rilette and chicken liver pate were very good and abundant, and the cornichons are a nice touch. We had Hanger steak frites and Pot au feu. The steak was expertly cooked with restrained seasoning and a luscious herb butter. The frites were thick and served with aioli. My wifes Pot au Feu was less successful, the individual elements were very good, but they just didn't seem to come together. The wine list is excellent and fairly priced, although more by the glass selections would be nice. The service was spot on. Pleasant, helpful without being cloying. My glass of Haut-Medoc was off and swept away without question. We felt it very fairly priced with the aforementioned meals, one cocktail (a rare in Montreal, High Ball glass with plenty of Gin!) 4 glasses of wine for $120.All in all a very nice experience, but I wouldn't call it a culinary mecca .
5	I probably won't be adding anything new to what's been said about this place - but wanted to add my two cents.The steak and frites is to die for!! It's one of those things one MUST try while in Montreal!This is one of those places where they pay careful attention to detail and everything, from appetizers, to main course to dessert are delightful.Reservations are essential. Call a couple of days in advance and if you're planning to visit on Saturday - reserve a week prior!.Can't wait to come back here next time I'm in town!
3	I came here with my family after reading and hearing rave-reviews about this "institution" of a place. The service was decent, a bit slower than I had expected, but our waiter was nice and everyone was very professional and polite. We got the goat cheese salad as an appetizer which was good but not exceptional. For our main courses we had the quail and wild rice, duck confit with salad, hangar steak, and steak tartare. All were very good except my father didn't like the tartare (note this is the first time he's ever had it and he's not too partial to French food). We all enjoyed our meals and were really full - I thought the portions were very generous for a French restaurant.The exceptional part of the evening was the dessert: the floating island which was this delicious mixture of eggwhite and caramel and deliciousness...hard to describe but the perfect size for 4 people to share after a filling meal. We will consider coming back just for the dessert!
4	I frequent Montreal 2-3 times a year for shopping and visited here on Yelp suggestions! It was a good suggestion too!      I took a cab from the airport directly to the restaurant. I arrived at 11:00am, and was told Lunch was not served until 11:30. So looking at the not so exciting breakfast menu, had cafe au lait and waited till 11:30  The service was very reserved but friendly. I had the steak frits and a glass of Pomerol. The steak was perfectly cooked and wine was stellar. They served a jar of cornichons and mustard on the side. The simple bread and butter was amazing! Thanks yelpers!
2	pot au feu... two bites of leathery beef, a grey tasteless boiled chicken leg, a piece of cabbage, two carrots and bone marrow.  other than the bone marrow, i pretty much make a better dinner than this by opening a can of Cambell's Chunky Soup for 2bucks at home.  this is about the experience of eating a rustic dish, but jeez, that was a joke.  wish i had tried the steak frites.  my friend had the steak tartare which was good, but not miles above any other steak tartare he's had at good restaurants.
2	L'Express, for me, is just another restaurant in Montreal that let me down. I'm seriously beginning to question the dining scene up there. L'Express is a proper bistro complete with bare essential service. We also waited 40 minutes beyond our reservation time. Trust me the free beer was not worth waiting 40 minutes. The food was only worthy of two stars. Salad was just a salad. Terrine of foie gras was nice but not worth 30 CAD. (Why on every menu in Canada is foie gras so expensive? I find it much for expensive than anywhere I've been the USA.). Veal cheek casserole was nice but nothing special. The risotto could have used more protein in it. Lamb was OK. Just nothing popped out as being above average. However, the bread was awesome. No need for me to come back here.
3	It's not bad, but its reputation is clearly greater than the actual restaurant. The food is pretty good, although can get downright below average when there are a lot of people there. The service sucks at times, other times excellent. Depends how busy they are.The decor is cute and the location is decent. Overhyped is the best descriptor for this place.
5	Went here about 7 years ago. A truly memorable meal of quail. I don't really have the finances to patronize every upscale restaurant around, but for me this was probably the best meal I ever had. Montreal is so romantic.
4	From the huge wooden bar to the black and white checkered floor to the old fashioned wine glasses, this place is so much fun and retro BUT doesn't sacrifice on flavor. It's just great french fare in a throw-back environment that won't cost you an arm and a leg. It's certainly not the best resto in Montreal, but with french bistros costing you a dime a dozen here, this one's by far the most worth it. The crowd is fun, the wait staff is quick and friendly, and the steak frites is just as it should be: crispy golden fries next to buttery pan-seared bavette. I also really loved the jar of gherkins and the bowl of dijon they leave on the table. Apparently, this is very french. Other things I've had-- the lamb, the mushroom ravioli- is just good. The presentation was a bit 80s and the portions were small, but both were tasty. L'Express also has baba au rhum for dessert-- but it sells out, so go early! Reservations are a good idea.
4	My first night ever in Montreal- of course we need to start our little trip off right with a visit to a French bistro popular with those in the know (obviously I am not talking about myself here.) We had reservations for 10 pm and arrived a few minutes late due to a subway glitch. The Maitre d' took our coats and we were seated immediately, and I have to say, we received nothing but excellent service before, during, and after our meal. First of all, we had about three waiters attending to us. Our main guy was patient with me and my lack of knowledge regarding the French language (and everything was spelled out for me in English on an alternate menu as well.) We enjoyed wine and baguette with a-m-a-z-i-n-g butter (I promise to not wax poetic on the butter, but again, AMAZING) while waiting for our meal. Another waiter kept our water glasses full and brought us a mason jar full of gherkin pickles and mustard to enjoy while waiting for our salad. Now I'm sure this is some French bistro custom, but it's like they spied on me while I was snacking by myself one night and made note of it for our upcoming visit. Yummy. We ordered the warm goat cheese salad to share, and I ordered the shrimp risotto (with visions of Rachel Z. salivating dancing through my head)  while my boyfriend had the duck confit sauteed over a spinach salad with green beans (or haricot verts, if you will.) Everything was delicious, luxurious, and buttery. Our waiter was absolutely charming and didn't make me feel like a bumpkin (impressive, considering my reaction to the pickles), plus, he had a sense of humor, making a melodramatic show  of reading the menu while my boyfriend entered his tip on the portable debit machine. We had the profiteroles for dessert, and while I wasn't wildly impressed with them, it was definitely a solid dessert and the chocolate sauce they came in was delicious. It was a pricier meal but not ridiculous, and certainly worth the money and the freezing trek from the subway. Bon appetit!
4	Maybe it was our choices. Maybe we've had too much Quebecois cuisine. Maybe it was because we went to Brasserie T the night before. Make no mistake that this is a truly great restaurant, but it did not rise to 5-star. The bone marrow appetizer was tasty but not a revelation. The rillettes l'express was not as good as the duck rillettes at Brasserie T. My sauteed canard confit was fine, as was my son's hanger steak with frites. On the plus side, the decor is excellent, the service is top flight, and the atmosphere (like everywhere in Montreal, it seems) is comfortable and inviting. We spent CAD 108, with tip and tax; two cocktails, no wine. BTW - extensive wine list but a lot of choices looked pricey.
4	Excellent, excellent meal.  I love Montreal, it's one of my favorite cities and in all my trips I couldn't believe I hadn't been here.  We started with the delicious bone marrow and I had the quail which was perfect.Serve was very pleasant, and very French, but I like that.
4	The food is solid, but as many others say, not great.  The prices are also a little high for what you get.  The service is relaxed and competent.  As an overall experience and a sum of its parts, I do greatly enjoy eating here, particularly when they are not crazy busy.
5	Let's begin with a day spent at Atlanta's Hartsfield Int'l because of a canceled flight to Montreal and end here at L'express. On the recommendation of a friend, I found myself shimmying up to the bar at this restaurant in a pretty hip - albeit understated at night anyway - part of town. I made a reservation just in case, but was delighted to see several empty spots at the bar. Hy (pronounced Ee) immediately introduced himself and made a wine recommendation based on my mood, and once the meal was selected, suggested another to suit the palate. The meal was fantastic - truly. Having spent the previous weeks in Vegas and New Orleans, I feel qualified to say this. Hy recommended the fiddlehead fern to start and the lobster risotto, both specials in season. I'd never had fiddleheads and was delighted to devour a dish of almost tender asparagus-like tendrils in a delicately scented light cream sauce that was rounded out with bits of ham and slivers of toasted almonds. I could have called it a night after this dish but decided to stay for the main course - a risotto of sweet lobster and a confetti of zucchini, red pepper and tender peas. Once the plate was cleared, I asked Hy for an after dinner drink suggestion in place of dessert and we decided on his first idea, a viscous, sweet wine with a nutty finish. Dinner complete, a list of personal recommendations for other restaurants and place to check out in Montreal from him, I was sleepy with thoughts of what and where to dine next. *On a side note, I read with interest about someone's butter comment. Indeed, the butter at L'express is remarkably good and I'm ashamed to admit, I slathered it on quite think to the equally delectable bread. Perhaps the calories are better spent on one of the restaurant's myriad specialties though.
5	The only reservations that were available on Saturday night were at 10pm and we were lucky to get them. When we left 2+ hours later, people were still being seated for dinner!A very affordable bistro that is really easy to miss if you are not paying attention as it is not very well signposted.The foix gras was incredible, the steak frites probably one of the best I've ever had and the creme caramel a l'orange was exquisite. Service was friendly and efficient and I even learned that rare is saignant in French.
4	Now granted, I called day of for my reservation, but you know it has too be good when it gets 4.5 Yelp stars and they tell you that the earliest reservation they have available is 10p.So we hit up a few places beforehand on the way to a good french meal. To start with, let's talk about the great French bread that they serve. It tastes just like the bread in France. None of that fake French bread that we often see in America, First course consisted of duck foie gras. The flavors were moist, rich, delicious. Entree consisted of shrimp risotto for the gf. She was a bit disappointed. Rice was a bit overdone and the shrimp were a bit tough. I had steak tartar. A rare treat that is normally not done that well in the states, so I took full advantage of the opportunity here. We also had a nice bottle of cote de Rhone wine. A mix of different tarts were given for dessert. Then to complete the meal, some digestifs consisting of a raspberry flavored "eau de vie" (water of life) and a $19 dollar glass of J. Walker Blue. For those of you who drink scotch, this is a great deal. The servers were very friendly here. Probably the most incredible part of the experience was that as we were leaving after midnight, this place was still serving people for dinner. The place was still full and new tables were still arriving. Incredible!
5	Classic French food at its best - unstuffy, yummy food with unstuffy, kind service.  We arrive here at 10:30 following the Opera to find a bustling restaurant with happy looking patrons fishing cornichons out of jars as they talked animatedly.I was feeling a little self-conscious reading the French menu, but the waitstaff were nice and walked us through the specials.  *Make sure* to ask about these, as we ended up exclusively ordering from them and it was totally the way to go.To start I had oeufs mayonnaise, and would have licked the plate if it weren't improper to do so.  Instead I mopped up every bit of mayonnaise with the delicious bread, and ate more than my share of cornichons.My husband had the fiddleheads in mushroom sauce with pancetta and almonds.  I had never had fiddleheads before and might never eat them again unless prepared in this manner.  The dish was creamy without being heavy and the fiddleheads weren't overwhelmed by the other ingredients.We both ordered the same special for our main dish, and went with a blended red recommended by our waiter (it paired very well, just bitter enough without feeling like an astringent).  It was pork sausage with mashed potatoes and a veal ragout.  I loved the unpretentious nature of L'Express, underscored when they served this dish with dijon mustard for the sausage.  I feel the same dish in New York would have been accompanied by some ridiculous foam of some sort (or have I been watching too much Top Chef?).  The potatoes brought me back to childhood Thanksgivings, and the sausage was rustic and homemade.  I left L'Express feeling like I had eaten an intimate supper at a rural French grandmother's table.
5	A fabulous bistro with perfect French fare, great wines by the glass menu, and the best cafe creme this side of Paris. We sat at the bar and enjoyed our waiter's attentiveness.I can't wait to eat here again (and again).
5	I loved this place so much that I decided to share with the world the goodness that is L'express. Went here recently at the ungodly hour of 11:30 pm and feasted on the bone marrow, oeufs mayonnaise, cold asparagus soup, and lobster risotto, complemented by one of the cheaper red wines, a Cote du Rhone (chateau des vieux or something like that? 2009), which was surprisingly yummy. The service was very professional, the ambiance was lovely. An unforgettable meal. Thank you L'express! Thank you Montreal!
5	Seriously excellent, I sat solo at the bar which was lovely. Enjoyed the quail w/ asparagus. Atmosphere is medium loud, was packed with a good looking crowd. Fantastic waiters.....jars of cornichons w/ bread for each table.....so awesome!
5	L'Express is an institution in Montreal, and in the words of our hotel concierge, they serve "very very traditional French" which I guess makes sense considering this is on St. Denis, which is apparently the more "French" side of the city.  Decor is a traditional French bistro with the ornate bar and the black and white checkered floor.  The food and service here are outstanding, and its no wonder this place is busy all the time.  Like many other places in Montreal (with the exception of L'Assommoire), this place did not have a cocktail list but I went with the Sidecar which was excellent, and served in one of those old tiny martini glasses that I love.  Again, like Club Chasse, would have ordered another if I only had the time. To start:Arugula with gruyere Duck rillettes (duck liver pate) Entrees:Wine: Pomerol Bordeux, 2005, Chateau Du Grande Chambellan (merlot/cab blend)Special - Duck with figs -- duck was succulent, juicy, rich, expertly prepared.  Why am I not surprised?Hanger steak with frites Dessert:The dessert was, quite simply, out of this world and like no other dessert I've ever had.  Leave it to the French!  It was the Ill flotette au caramel and was like a crispy carmelized dome with merengue filling and in a creamy sauce with crispy waffle pieces on the side.  Absolutely amazing!  You must not miss this.  Have to order. Cafe Latte -- best latte of my life! I knew it would be incredible here, that's why I ordered it and it did not disappoint.  Wish I could eat here more often, I would love to try sooo many more things on the menu. Writer's note: I have a confession...I did not discover this amazing life changing dessert on my own.  I saw it in a YouTube video where some girl ordered it and knew I had to have it. Here's the link if you're interested...http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zqsfYS0snbU
5	Made a reservation an hour before we went (probably got in because it was a Sunday night in July) and then sat down to a wonderful meal! Read the reviews before going and I count myself as one of the new advocates! If you love French Bistro & are a foodie, you'll love L'Express!
3	Typical Bistro.  Food was ok.  We had steak frites, fish soup and quail on wild rice.  I actually preferred the wild rice to be more savory, so it doesn't remind me of the Asian (Thai/ Chinese) glutinous rice pudding.Service was great and ambience is good.
5	Saturday dinner for four, reservations booked about 5 days ahead. The place was still bustling when we left around ~12:15am. We were shown directly to our table when we arrived, with the waiter removing a "Reserved" sign from a table near the front windows of the restaurant. Ah, a good signal.Service was snappy and on point, keeping everybody happy while not being over-obtrusive. We felt like we got a little attitude at the start (being four American males in their mid-20s), but the service warmed up quickly. Recommendations were excellent and the waiters were knowledgeable about both the dishes and the drinks. For appetizers, we had the rillette, chicken liver mousse, ouefs in mayonnaise, and a good cheese salad. As a devotee of salty meat and fat, I got down mainly on the rillette and the mousse. The rillette was rustic and flavorful, with a chopped texture that had just enough creaminess to allow you to spread it over toast. A rich, gamey pork. The mousse was probably the highlight of the meal; one of the best dishes I've had in a long time. An ethereal, fluffy emulsion of savagely herbacious fat. God, I love it. I did not sample the other dishes since we had a vegetarian with us, and I did not want to eat his appetizers, but he had nothing but good things to say. I will also point out that they were very accommodating, making many suggestions to him.Dinner was the duck confit over a salade verte. While the duck was spectacular, with wonderful contrasts between the creamy meat and crispy edges, I was most surprised by the greens. Fresh, flavorful, high-quality greens can bring a salad into another stratosphere. These slightly bitter, crispy greens, dressed lightly in duck fat, were perfect.We had the creme caramel and maple syrup tart for dessert. The creme caramel was mediocre, with a kind of flabby quality. Not much flavor in the sauce, either. The tart was delicious, but I thought the crust was a bit dry and crumbly.Dinner for four with three courses, two bottles of wine, digestifs, taxes, and tip was $270. A fantastic meal. Well-executed, classic bistro fare served with no frills or attitude, with great service.
5	We are here for a company conference walking down the Rue Saint Denis....and found this place for lunch.  The staff was great (very helpful with english) and the food was great!
4	What a great little bistro. I had the escargot over pureed peas as an app and a lamb shank as my main. I was in the mood for the traditional garlic and butter escargot, but the way L'express prepared was even better. The lamb was a huge portion and was wonderfully cooked. My wife and I shared a great piece of cheesecake for dessert. We also enjoyed a great bottle of 2005 Bordeaux. Service was excellent. Atmosphere was traditional French - zinc bar, black and white checkered floor, etc. Definitely a great place to go if you're in the mood for an old school bistro, and its open until  2 am.
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants.  We were in Montreal for the weekend and went to grab some drinks at a local establishment.  While there we asked the bartenders what they thought was the best food in Montreal.  They both agreed that L'express was the spot to go.  So we took our chances and headed over on a Saturday night, no reservations.  Apparently we got super lucky, since most people say you need to book well in advance.  We got a table in 5 minutes and then the unbelievable experience began.The waiter was so nice and explained everything well.  We got the pate and the steak tartar per the bartenders recommendations.  I absolutely hate pate and have tried several different kinds., However, my husband loves it and he made me try this one.  It was incredible.  I didn't want to stop eating it.  The steak tartar was equally as good.  It was by far the best pate and tartar we've eaten.For my main dish i got the lobster risotto which was delicious.  By the end of the night we were both thoroughly satisfied and agreed that we completely lucked out by meeting those bartenders (Baldwin Barmacie, check them out for some good cocktails!).  Cannot wait to go back to L'express!
5	Oh my God, I LOVE this place!!! I called up my friend in Montreal for a great restaurant. He gave me 3-4 to choose from and kept saying try L'Express. We wanted to splurge on a nice dinner and NICE dinner we got! I met up with my friends from Montreal to cap off the night with some drinks. I'm so glad they were able to come out and catch up!We couldn't get a table due to how popular this place is, so we opted to sit at the bar. Our waiter was so nice! My friend told the waiter to order anything that he thought best. I actually chimed in and said I wanted to order my own. So, my friend's dishes were all surprises while my dish surprised me on the WOW factor! We started off with a glass of wine. Then, they brought out some fresh bread, pickles, and mustard. I ordered the foie gras which was very decadent! My friend got the morel mushrooms on a crostini with arugula. Damn, this dish was so tasty! I loved how earthy the taste were and we both really enjoyed this appetizer!For my main entree, I got the beef tartare. It was very fresh and the portion size was big. It also came with pomme frites which were fried perfectly. My friend got a medium rare steak that was very juicy and buttery. We ended the meal with biscotti with Vin Santo et Cantucci and an Irish coffee. It was a perfect ending to our Montreal trip! I would give this restaurant 6 stars if there was that option. Totally would recommend this place to anyone visiting Montreal!
5	The scene: Monday night toward the end of Just For Laughs. 1:00 AM. My dining companion and I had resigned ourselves to getting wasted on The Distillerie's massive drinks and drunkenly scarfing down whatever was still open, abandoning all hope on finding a nice place open late on a Monday in Montreal. And then there was L'Express.Happy to seat us at 1:00 AM (hot tip: their kitchen is open until 2:00!) service was incredibly polite and attentive. Like most folks in this French bistro, we started our meal off with some wine (an incredibly reasonable and tasty Cotes du Rhone, no less!), fresh, chewy bread, and a big jar of homemade pickles. Not much a pickle-eater-- and not even drunk enough to have strange cravings!-- I devoured these delights with dabs of mustard.After perusing the menu in wonder, we settled on a warm goat cheese salad and the ever-famous foie gras terrine to start things off. The cheve chaud was a dream, lightly dressed in a homemade vinaigrette with spring greens, endive, and crispy toast points, all topped with the most velvety, tangy goat cheese. Better yet was the foie gras terrine-- buttery, smooth, slightly salty, fatty... oh, goodness. Even the buttered toast points were perfection.We opted to share the roasted chicken breast in mustard sauce. Served with salty haricot verts, potatoes, and cherry tomatoes, the chicken breast itself was juicy, tender, and perfectly seasoned to complement the tangy dijon.Both drunk on wine and foodie-joy, we lost all self control and ordered the chocolate tart. Buttery crust, rich chocolate ganache, bitter cocoa-- kind of the perfect end to an evening. During the taxi ride home, my dining companion and I were almost completely silent save for murmurs of, "Whoa" and "That is easily up there in top ten meals of, uh, ever." Service, as mentioned prior, was outstanding. Although we were the last seated, both the bartender and waitress were incredibly accommodating, friendly, eager to make recommendations, and even endured our pitiful French pronunciations. Highlight of our trip, for sure.
5	This place is amazing! My friends and I ordered the avocado escargot and cold soup as starters, and the escargot was amazzzzzzzzzzing. We ordered the veal dish and duck salad for mains, and the duck was incredible! Wine was recommended by server and it was...OBVIOUSLY FANTASTIQUE.Rec rec rec! Go!
4	Good food
5	Boy oh boy, if a genie had given me the choice of "eat at a variety restaurants while in Montreal but not at L'Express or eat only at L'Express" I would have gladly accepted the sole L'Express experience, no DOUBT! :)L'Express is in the St.Denis neighborhood which is the coolest part of Montreal, if you ask me (and I guess by reading this review, you kinda are). The restaurant is the shape of a train cart almost, with mostly small 2 person tables. The crowd is local and diverse: we sat near an old priss-and-proper couple sharing a romantic meal, napkins tucked into collar and all. we also bordered a pair of hip gay guys with asymetrical hair-dews and sexy auras. I'd recommend dressing up a bit, but if you aren't, it's not pretentious. Also, it is open until VERY late, which totally fits my style. We saw people mozy in at midnight, welcomed to a full menu! If you going to get wine, I recommend the half bottle, it's very 'Montreal' to do, and a bit cheaper.As far as food recommendations, the ***bone marrow*** dish had me considering cannibalism for months afterward, every passing human reminded me of the fatty guk that I had dug out of those luscious bones! It comes with these really crunchy pieces of toast that combine perfectly with the marrow's texture. While the sea salt seemed like a good idea to sprinkle on at first, I soon realized that it overpowered the bone marrow which is perfectly fine on its own, so keep that in mind.What I love about this place is the subtlety of its facade. There is no sign directly on it but instead its name is on the ground in the black and white tiles right before you enter. (See the picture I posted) This is one of those reviews I write hoping secretly that no one will read it, since I do want this gem to remain a gem, but if you love that French bistro feel and you don't mind forking over the extra $ for the ride, then you really should hurry over and enjoy it!
5	After eating at many Montreal restaurants, this became my favorite.  The 'Maison du Ravioli' was spectacular, almost melting in the mouth.  The ravioli are filled with 3 kinds of meats and served in a veal/mushroom reduction.  The menu is the same for lunch and dinner.  As in many Montreal restaurants, most dress nicely for dinner, but they will allow people with t-shirts in.  If you are in Montreal, go here.  If you are not in Montreal, get yourself to Montreal and eat here.
2	I do not understand how this restaurant receives such high ratings from Yelpers.I was quite disappointed with this restaurant.  The service was great but the food was just bland and bordering on bad.  We got the bone marrow with coarse salt.  It was a good appetizer, I got the steak and frites with garlic butter.  We ordered the steak medium rare but it was really tough and not flavored very well, even with the garlic butter which didn't add much, tasted just like plain butter.   I ordered the grilled salmon on a bed of spinach- do NOT order this.  It was just a piece of bland, not-high-quality piece of salmon, grilled, no seasoning whatsoever, just a pile of coarse salt on top which I presume you're supposed to spread on top, which I did and it was too salty.   The salmon was half-cooked, completely raw in the middle, and when I asked the server whether it was supposed to be cooked like that, he said yes, it's really your preference.  I never had such terrible tasting salmon at a restaurant.  It was placed on top of spinach that tasted like it was blanched in hot water, then pulled out and placed in a circle on the plate.  I would give this place 2 stars for food, and 4 stars for service, but the food was SO underwhleming I have to settle for 2 stars.
3	Having never been to exposed to Montreal French dining, I wasn't sure what to expect.  The place looks like a small diner with linoleum floors and for all we knew, our waiter might have been proctoring a algebra quiz while taking our order.  My girlfriend doesn't normally enjoy salad but she sure enjoyed the warm duck salad, so much so she would not stop raving about it.  I don't really crave foie gras but it was tasty and served like a thin slice of butter with toasted sliced baguettes.  Without realizing it, I had ordered the foie gras appetizer as a main and had to order another main course, or I would have been eating bread and liver for dinner.  Quail over wild rice was my last dish and it was served with a sweet red wine reduction.  For me, it was a learning experience in French food.  The food wasn't amazing, it was good.  Of note, the bone marrow was ordered by two people at the table next to us and neither person seemed to really enjoy it.  One guy actually voiced his displeasure to the waiter when the check came around saying, "this was not what I expected", so take that for what its worth.
5	This is, by far, my favourite restaurant in Montreal. GO FOR BRUNCH.The brunch menu is cheap and you are still in the classy gorgeous restaurant and its just...amazing. Dinner is good too, but quite a lot more pricey, and generally pretty average French...meaning the menu is very meat based and such, but the brunch is what makes this place so great for me.The compote is literally one of the best things that I have ever put in my mouth. I asked to take a bin of it as take-out so I could bring it home to Toronto...they said no :-( and its only available at brunch...another reason to go for brunch.
4	Walked in at around 11pm on our first night in Montreal and were seated right away. This classic french bistro seemed like the perfect place for some late night dining. The black and white checkered floor gave the place a nice retro feel. Also appreciated how the walls were covered with yearly black/white pictures of the employees. Nice touch.  Very nice vibe. Good service. Great wine list.We started with the bone marrow app. Did not fully enjoy it. It was bland without the addition of the salt on the table. I must be the only yelper who ordered the kidney dish (I think it was beef). The sauce was good but the meat itself was too spongy for my liking. Still I was able to finish it but I should've went with the lobster risotto or quail. My fiance, however, raved about his steak tartare and fries,  which I helped him finish. Ambiance: 4 starsFood: 3.5 stars. Good and solid, but not great
4	A good spot if you're looking for a Paris bistro type place...Food: lunch fare was quite good, my boeuf roti was flavorful and served at the appropriate temp (not cold but not room temp), croque-monsieur was one of the best I've had, frites were typical frites, bread was decent, pre-meal pickles were yummy, wine list was variedAmbiance: went for lunch on a weekday, typical loud and busy bistro, clean, nice cherry wood bar and walls, black and white pics and tile floor gave it a retro feelService: server didn't rush us, but wasn't overly polite either (though in my travels I have noticed that true French waitstaff seem to be a but less "warm and fuzzy" than those in the States... that's okay, perhaps its just a cultural thing or maybe just my own experience)I'd say definitely try it out, but there are so many great restaurants in Montreal, I'd only go once
4	Came here by recommendation of the hotel, as well as, many outside reviews claiming it to be the best french bistro in Montreal. It a small restaurant that can easily be missed if youre not looking carefully for it. The decor is very simple but the lighting makes it a very intimate setting. With a reservation, we were seated right away. Service was great and very helpful considering we couldnt speak/read french (they have an english menu available). There was bread, butter, and pickles to start. Bone Marrow was to die for. Literally! I swear my eyes were oozing fatty goodness by the time we were done eating it. Three huge bones served with croutons and sea salt. It was a magnificent appetizer! Duck Confit Salad - I think the duck was beautifully done. I was a bit disappointed in the salad itself however. It was DRENCHED in vinegar dressing. a bit overpowering for me, took away from the other flavors. Steak Frites - perfectly cooked and topped with an herb butter. it was really delicious. served with crisp fries. The experience/ambiance was a 4, but the food 3.5. Nothing too extraordinary, just classic, solid french food.
4	I was in Montreal recently and we were looking for a place that served great Steak Tartare, a lot of people online recommended L'Express, so off we went to L'Express on a Wednesday night.Service: It was definitely above average, we unfortunately didn't make reservations but they created a table for us. The waiter wasn't really fluent in english but he did his best to explain everything to us.Food: My partner had the steak tartare with fries and it was fantastic and the portions were generous. I had the roasted quail which was amazing, the meat just fell off the bones.Ambience: It was a nice ambience and brightly lit, and I enjoyed the fact that it was very traditional based off my past experiences.
5	Absolutely awesome.  Had a full dinner here. soup to nut.... delicious.  And not that expensive for a full meal (app, entree, dessert, wine)... Went with 3 other people.  came to $35 a head tip included. 2 Bottles of wine and 2 shared desserts.  Must make reservations!
5	Atmosphere: Very lively, very busy, simple/classic French bistro decor, good lightingFood: We had the Soupe au Poisson (Fish soup), Os a Moelle (Bone marrow), Steak tartare w/ Frites, and the Quail dish. The fish soup was savory and not overwhelmingly fishing (hit the spot on a cold night!) and the bone marrow was nothing short of exquisite. The tartare was very nicely spiced and you sure do get a very healthy portion of it. The quail was very flavorful, but slightly on the drier side.Drink: One pinot grigio and one cabernet sauvignon recommended by the waiter. For about $9-$10 a glass, this was fantastic!Staff: Can be quite French, but still very helpful. The busboy was much more helpful and always checked in on us.Summary: Get a reservation! Delicious food (get the bone marrow!) at reasonable prices. Great wine list.
5	The best meal I have ever had in my entire life! It was so delicious! My boyfriend and I both had steak frites (which it says Hanger Steak on the menu). Neither my boyfriend or I can speak French and the servers were very helpful/accommodating. They give you a jar of pickles and bread while you are waiting for your meal, which came out very quickly! The steak was very tender and flavorful - nothing like I've ever tasted! Give it a try you won't regret it!You might want to make a reservation beforehand. We went in on a saturday night, and we had to sit at the bar. It wasn't the most comfortable, but it was worth the food!
5	Worth the five hour drive. I come here every time I am in Montreal. Fantastic classic French cuisine with great service.
5	This won in spades. Sophisticated bistro . Varied. Very intelligent wine/aperatif  list. Stellar dine at the bar service Fine fish soup with excellent alioli + croutons. Rognons a la  moutard approximate my own moose version. Tartare highly satisfactory ( still, read Robichon ) frites sucked - but so do they in most Parisian bistros these days,41/2 stars.
4	What a great place! My friends and I had dinner here New Years day, and I'm so happy we did! The service was very attentive as well as helpful. Our waiter made a few suggestions before we ordered and they were on point. I started with the bone marrow appetizer and i must say i didn't know what to expect having never had this before. The flavor was sweet, almost smokey. I loved it, but the texture took some getting used to.  For my entree i ordered the steak tartar (another recommendation) and it was phenomenal! Extremely flavorful and an extremely generous portion. I would actually recommend ordering this as an appetizer for the table as i couldn't finish the dish myself.       If you make it to Montreal,  this is a must!
4	L'Express is probably one of the most known restaurants in Montreal and is generally booked solid.  If you have the foresight to make a reservation, great, if not, try and get here right after it opens around 5 or 5:30.  The restaurant was just getting together and we were able to snag a table as long as we were out within an hour (or rather before the person whose table we were sitting at showed up).  I had a plane to catch so it wasn't a problem.The main menu is in French but they have English versions.  I cannot comment on all of the food but  I'd highly recommend the duck confit salad.  The fatty duck and the light salad made for a good pairing.  The foie gras app was also good.  The foie gras was served cold, which I've never seen before, and is meant to be smeared on the bread accompanying the dish.  Prices aren't outrageous but they add up quickly.If this place is booked try Au Pied de Cochon which is a few blocks away to the NE.  Either of these two restaurants will make your night.
4	The bone marrow was unique bit really filling for one person. Nice French atmosphere
4	I was a New Yorker in Montreal for my birthday when I came across L'express in a tour book.  It was highly recommended and, even though that's usually a sign for me to run the other way from the tourists, I decided to give it a chance.I was immediately impressed by the clientele.  Young, old, folks dressed up in furs, people casually wearing jeans, friends, business partners, couples.  I felt that everyone was here because of one thing.  Good food.  We didn't have a reservation and the place was packed.  But I prayed to the Birthday gods and we only had to wait about 10 mins before we had a table.What we ate:Cornichons and Bread (free for table)Ham and Cheese Quiche with SaladHanger Steak with herb butter and friesQuail with Wild Rice Creme Caramel a l'orange I wish I had ordered the Quiche as my main course, it was so good.  The crust was flaky and on a cold Montreal night, it really hit the spot.  The hanger steak was delicious and way too much I had to share it.  The quail was tender.  The only complaint from my husband was that the wild rice was "Just okay".  By the end of the meal all that was left was a few stray fries.  The creme caramel was velvety and the sauce sweet without being too orangey-bitter.The service was polite and efficient.  The atmosphere unpretentious bistro style.  The price tag a little high but what the hell.  Happy Birthday to me!
5	Amazing meal. From the service, to the wine, to the food itself.I highly recommend the foie gras and bone marrow to start. All the entrees we ordered were impeccable - ravioli, steak frites, chicken and lamb.
5	Try the pork/veal ravioli, made with shallots. You will get a lot of bread.
5	My husband and I visited L'express on our first day in Montreal for lunch. Upon entering this bistro, which is nestled on a beautiful street between many restaurants and clothing and furniture boutiques, we were instantly immersed in quintessential french aromas. Smells of, herbs like thyme, butter, and slowly braising meats and vegetables. It's a bustling busy restaurant that has a very warm and cozy atmosphere with a very friendly wait staff. We ordered:House salad a blend of arugula and peppery greens topped with a simple light dressing a good starter. DeliciousVegetable soup a tomato based soup with beef broth and lots of veggies, like quash, corn. YumEntrees:Croque Monseiur fried buttery cheesy toast with ham. Delicious.Beef stuffed Ravioli. Over the top Delicious, I used my bread to sop up all the broth from my plate because it was so delicious and flavorful.Also the restaurant has had the same menu for 30 years most of their dishes have been perfected, so don't offend and ask for substitutions. Everything looks and probably tastes delicious. People sitting next to us ordered egg salad, salmon, stewed mushrooms and liver over fries, steak and every dish looked scrumptious.
4	This is an institution in Montreal in the french brasserie category, in fact it is one of the oldest (-+ 30 years).  The decor is great with it's high ceilings in a great french burgundy color, and a long bar, the front is all window, which let's in a lot of natural light and provides a view onto St Denis.The service here is top notch, very french so everything is quite smooth and attentive, it does have a touch of the old school snobyness at times, but generally speaking this is not a bad thing, they are not condencending just quite correct and maybe too formal.The food is hit or miss for me, I will simply tell you what I really liked on my last visitOs a Moelle, (it's a little pricey but if you have never tried this, do yourself a favor and start here), the fish soup is also very good and has a nice balance of flavors, on this last visit, (feb29,2012), I sample the octopus, which was boiled (as per waiter, which had me worried but I still ordered it), it was very tender to the taste and served over lentils, with onions and a vinegrette, a big winner. A goat cheese salad with endives followed and it was ok but nothing special, then a steak tartare, here we had a miss.  For me the texture (seriously ground to a mash), was so unappealing, and the flavors were too mild, barely anything other than capers, at 24$ with a choice of fries or mashed, this was the big let down.  On the other hand the wines are great, they get all private imports which is ideal, we samples a gigondas 2008, costing 58$ that was very appreciated.I have in the past been here for breakfast, which is rather limited but always good, it is not for those looking for bang for you buck or to fill up, but it is a very pleasant atmosphere.They have really long hours and are often opened until 1-2am so if your looking for some quality noche, after hours this is a great alternative to crap food usually available at this time of night.
5	I'm utterly shocked I haven't reviewed this place yet, especially since it's one of my favorite eateries in North America (that's right, I get to say that because this is an international review here).  ***Look carefully for this place, there's no sign out front***I apologize I can't remember the French names for all the dishes, but if you grab the English menu, refer to my recommendations below.Best Dish:  Veal Kidneys in Mustard Sauce (not mustard!!!)Most Overrated Dish:  Bone marrow...with salt!  Ooooo, fancy.Dish most likely to give you diabetes:  A giant glazed puff of meringue.  It might be worth it though.Best Dessert: Baba Rhum.  As an added bonus, this dish might get you drunk.Another feature of this place is it's lack of pretentiousness.  It's almost like a 40's diner.  So sit back, have gurcken (they bring a jar full of gurckens to the table by the way), and enjoy.
4	Tasty, traditional French fare. Our main complaint was that we wanted more - the duck confit needed some carbs and the quail would have been even more appreciated sitting on a twice-as-high pile of wild rice.The food was not exactly perfect, but satisfying enough, and the ambiance was great.
4	Delicious, simple meal; attentive waitstaff; cool 1930s-esque ambiance.  I had the sauteed duck confit with salad, and my boyfriend had the homemade raviolis.  The duck confit salad was fresh, delicious, and plenty for an entree.  Greens, sauteed green beans, radishes, bits of crunchy ham or canadian bacon, mini croutons, and a light vinaigrette.  I've been craving it ever since, and will probably attempt to recreate it soon, but I'm sure it won't live up to my memory.  The ravioli were light and tasty, filled with a mixture of pork and beef, I think, and surrounded in what looked and tasted like a beef or pork broth of some sort. We finished up with the orange creme caramel.  Everything was absolutely delicious.  Plus, they bring a pickle jar to your table after you order.  Blissful!
4	This is a lovely restaurant. I'm giving it four stars because the service was excellent and for the most part, the food was tasty. We started with a warm goat cheese salad (delicious). For dinner, my husband got poached salmon with chervil mashed potatoes. The mashed potatoes were fantastic and the fish was good enough. My main (chicken with a mustard sauce) was perhaps not the best selection ... the chicken itself was a little overcooked/tough. I was expecting a quarter chicken but instead I got a very thick breast (which probably explains why it ended up tough). For dessert, we had a maple tartine, which was delicate, flavorful and not overly sweet. I'd definitely recommend giving L'Express a try. Our waiter was fairly honest when we asked for suggestions, so perhaps this is the way to go.
5	L'express is the quintessential perfect French bistro in Montreal.We had reservations for 6:30pm on a Saturday, but were easily able to switch it to a 9:30pm ressie. When we arrived, the place was bustling and there were a good number of people waiting to be seated. Our table took a little while to be ready for us, but we only waited 10 mins max.Along the walls are a ton of photos dating back to the 1970s, when L'express began. If a business has made it this far, it's good in my book. We ordered 2 half bottles of 2007 Bordeaux ($16 each), and started off with Bone Marrow and Foie Gras apps. We then ordered the duck confit salad, hanger steak frites, sea bass, and quail for our mains. The foie gras was nommalicious - I am a foie gras FIEND. MORE MORE MORE! It also came with a bucket of pickles that my friend could not stop eating (Hi Anita! :P) The bone marrow was pretty good too, but I have had better in NYC. The hanger steak was on par with normal steak frites. The duck confit was de-skinned and de-boned, which was disappointing because I was looking forward to that crunchy duck skin - but the meat was extremely flavorful. The sea bass was melt in yo'mouth. And this leaves the quail... OMG the QUAIL! So freaking good. Please do yourself a favor and get it. Amazeballs.Such a huge fan of L'express! Perfect service, great food.
5	L'express is amazing. The quiche jambon fromage was fantastic - very moist and tasty. The raviolis maison was absolutely incredible - it was very flavorful and though it was not a large dish, it took me time to get through. The pudding aux pommes et poires was also very well done - light and fluffy but also rich and satisfying. The atmosphere is great - very friendly staff.
4	Great food.  Excellent service.  And, open until 2am!
3	My friends and I went for lunch at 1pm without reservation. The maitre d was efficient and sat us quickly. It was clean overall, narrow, and noisy from the end of the lunch crowd. Two of us ordered roasted quail with wild rice, one had duck confit with salad, and chicken. Don't order the iced tea for 4.50 each. There was no refills.The food was excellent but the service was slow and abrupt at times. Ginette warmed up with us after we complimented her on the photos we looked on the walls. The annual staff photos were framed and hung on the walls leading to the bathrooms. If you are not used to French attitudes, you might think they are a tad bit snooty. Otherwise, food is excellente and oh la la. Good job! Keep up with the quality of the food service!
5	One of the best meals I've ever had and I really don't take that lightly. their house ravioli omg better than ones in Italy which let me tell you are difficult to beat and the desserts are superb the ile flottante was gorgeous and so delicious! reservations are necessary but this restaurant felt like I was in France so the planning was worth it. The waitstaff look like something from an authentic French bistro and they're fast and knowledgable. Seriously best French in Montreal!
2	Very disappointing.  For such a youthful city bustling with hip, energetic restaurants and bars, this place was a little stodgy, but a favorite among disappointed parents and their adult children who regrettably agreed to meet them for dinner.  The two dishes that stood out as most memorable?Bone marrow - steamed, not roasted.  Boring, bland and a little gross.  Cut it lengthwise and roast it the way our paleo ancestors did!Octopus Salad - again, flavorless.  Both the texture and the taste of the Octopus and the Lentils absolutely did not compliment each other.
4	I initially came across L'Express in United Airlines' Hemispheres magazine, which included the restaurant in its Three Perfect Days in Montreal article. When I saw how well reviewed L'Express was on Yelp, I put it on our "must" list, and am so glad I did. We had a lovely lunch there during a weekend getaway to Montreal.The restaurant itself looks straight out of a Parisian brasserie, much to my boyfriend's (a Francophile if ever there was one) delight. The bar is mahogany, the floor is done in black and white tile, and the tables are covered with white tablecloths and paper - just as one would expect to find. We sat at the back of the restaurant where we had a good look at black and white photographs depicting the restaurant and its staff for every year L'Express has been in business, and were quite impressed to see how many employees have remained at the restaurant for 5+ years.Service is slow, but one should expect that - the French do not rush through their meals the way Americans do (which means yes, there should be significant pauses in between courses, and yes, you should have plenty of time to review the menu before being asked to make selections). If you want the waiter, signal - he's not going to hover over your table and pressure you to leave the minute you've finished your plate, thank goodness. We did not have a reservation but should have made one - this restaurant is very busy, and if you don't want to wait, I would recommend planning ahead.When it comes to food, I thought L'Express held their own. I started with the courgette soup, which was creamier than I prefer, and I detected what seemed to be bacon crumbles on top, which I could have done without. That being said, it was a delicious soup, and I was more than happy to polish it off with some wonderful fresh bread. My main course, the quail, was absolutely divine. It was accompanied by a beautiful balsamic vinegar over a bed of wild rice. My boyfriend and I shared the tarte au chocolat for dessert, and while it was quite rich, we really enjoyed it.Quite frankly, I found the L'Express experience to be quite pleasant - it was certainly the most memorable lunch I had in Montreal this October.
5	My favorite bistro in all of Montreal. From the great hors d'oeuvres to the fabulous deserts, this is a spot you just can't afford to miss. Located in the French quarter, l'express is a small restaurant that is lays packed and full of eclectic people.The food is amazing but be sure to order l'ile flottante before they sell out and don't forget the cheese and wine to finish off the evening.
5	Very friendly restaurant and a great dinner. We were delighted with every thing we ordered from appetizers to desert. The waiter was a bit slow but nothing major. A very good address!
5	Awesome food but also a great atmosphere. I loved the shrimp risotto, but apparently the ravioli are amazing!
5	One of the best restaurants I've been to and probably the best of the many upscale restaurants we tried in Montreal. Duck confit - excellent.Pickles - outstanding.Mustard - great.Steak tartare - good but not the best I've had.Service - good.I would come back here in a heartbeat if I make it back to Montreal.
3	I've been to this resto many years ago when I lived in Montreal so I decided to take my family for a French bistro dinner while I was in town. Since foie gras is banned in SF, we decided to get the foie gras terrine for $31 and thought it would be huge portion, it definitely wasn't $31 worth of foie gras. Aren't the foie from Quebec?! The oysters were teeny tiny, sea bass was very tender, beef tartare was just so-so, kidneys were tasty and duck steak was probably the best dish. The ambiance was loud and had a great french bistro feel, so overall pretty good food but overpriced for what you're getting. Unfortunately, don't think I'll be going back.
5	In Montreal, there is no shortage of wonderful eateries. Among the very best is L'express, serving up some of the city's tastiest French Bistro fare. It has become a destination that has yet to fail me and its array of savory options have left me hungry for more whenever I'm back in the states. It is a go-to for many, and a must for whenever I'm visiting.Adorned on the walls are photos from another time, a vintage peek into the old days when the establishment first made its name. The ambiance is festive without feeling touristy, the service is bustling yet wickedly efficient, and the decor is as simple as the faux-hand written menu.I'll just say it right now: Everything I've tried (so far) has been delightful. Granted I haven't had *everything* on the menu, the many things I have ordered were outstanding. Among the highlights for the appetizers include: quiche of the day (best is ham and cheese or broccoli and cheese), smoked Atlantic salmon, octopus + lentil salad vinegrette, the foie gras terrine, and of course, the bone marrow which was buttery, smooth, and sinfully delicious.From the beef tartare to the duck confit salad, their main courses are A+ from top to bottom. The pot-au-feu, or French beef stew, is a lovely and is delicious when paired with a great wine (ask the waiter). Few folks could argue against the roasted quail over wild rice or their homemade raviolis. My favorite so far has been hanger steak drenched in shallot butter and frites, a downright foodgasmic journey through a series of palate pleasing textures and flavor that my poor writing could never fully capture. If there are picky eaters in the group, shoot for the classic croque monsieur, or as they call it on the English portion of the menu, grilled cheese with ham. Even that is damn good, with mini chunks of juicy ham, and a gootastic mess of cheese that would even make lactose intolerant folks salivate.French fare, let alone the bistro kind rarely comes cheap. For the quality of some of the dishes noted above, the price merits the experience. And combined with all of the other indulging aspects of L'express, I can't recommend it enough with two thumbs up and post meal grins. You just have to experience it yourself.Je'taime, L'express.
5	Our original plan of just hanging out in Quebec City went awry as I investigated the possibility of a turn around bus ride to Montreal. We booked our tickets for the bus ride and embarked on our trek to the bigger city! I tried really hard to get reservations to Au Pie du Cochon because of Anthony Bourdain. After relentless attempts, we were not able to get in! This is where Yelp helps! Looking at the myriad of restaurants, we made our way to L' Express without reservations, we walked in and were able to get a table but needed to be out by 7 because someone was smart enough to reserve a table. We were nicely greeted with a humongo jar of tiny pickles and bread,  boy were those pickles nice and sour! I started with the duck confit salad, it was excellent, with nice tender pieces of slow cooked duck meat cooked in its own fat. I then proceeded with the bone marrow. I was in heaven as my plate made its way, there were enough bones to feast the eyes! The marrow was succulent ad seasoned just right. Slather them bad boys on some toasted baguettes and you just died and gone to heaven! To drink, we tried the house local blonde which was amazing!All in all, I am glad that we stopped in, I think you will be too!
2	Did not meet expecations. Too pricey for the quality you get. Cocktails were watered down, sea bass was over-oiled. Pickles and mustard were the best thing there.
3	I think I expected just a little bit too much here. In terms of French authenticity, this restaurant has met my expectations. Unfortunately the portions I got lacked considering the price.The octopus and lentil salad was good, however I wanted more octopus and less lentils. Good thing my friends liked lentils so they finished that instead. The bone marrow was probably one of my favs.The hanger steak was good, but the tartare steak was a disappointment; it just tasted like just any other steak.Service was also a hit and miss. It took about 10 minutes for someone to finally come over (and that's after we waved someone over...I know, disrespectful on my end) to take our order.Again, considering the price we paid, I probably won't go back. I think 3 stars is a bit too generous, only because I do like French cuisines and I can't complain about the environment overall.
4	Nestled along the myriad shops and restaurants on St. Denis, L'express is a wonderful French Bistro with terrific food and a bright lively atmosphere.  They have an extensive wine list and a compact but terrific assortment of classic French dishes.  Reservations are highly recommended, but the BF and I had no problem reserving a table the same day on the later side of dinner on a Friday night.We both started with the green salad (which was fine), and ordered for our mains the beef tartare and the steak frites.  His tartare (which came with a mountain of fries and was ordered to be spicy) was very good; definitely a good move to get it spicy to bring out the dish's flavors.  My steak frites, however, were damn near perfect.  The meat was so juicy, flavorful, and tender, and when eaten with the herbed butter, forget it.  It was out of this world.  Dinner also included delicious crusty french bread, and the only cornichons I have ever eaten that I have truly liked (perhaps because they are served in a large mason jar which allows them to marinate in their own juices).While the service was a bit slow and the waiters seemed a little stand-offish, the food was definitely worth it.  I would definitely return the next time I'm in town and I highly recommend a visit for anyone in the neighborhood or passing through.
4	When I go to Montreal, I always go here at least once.  The place is charming, always packed, and a scene.  Waiters, waitresses buzzying about.  Conversations mostly in French, Quebec. Feels like Paris, I love it.  Food served is classic bonne femme cookery, with obvious Quebecois influences around the edges.  I adore their French-only menus, esp., their wine list stuffed with so many affordable French bottles = pure heaven.  If you haven't been to Montreal, dining here is an absolute must.You might have to wait for a table, but, it is worth it.
3	I think this place is overrated. Bone marrow was definitely worth it. Fish soup was not what I expected. It was more like tomato soup with slices of toasted cheese bread (from the same baguette they serve complimentary). Duck confit salad gave a good portion of meat, but I prefer my meat crispier. I was expecting to be awed, but ended up paying a premium for items that tasted ordinary. Meh.
4	The ambience was really cozy, friendly and just like at home.We had a table on very back side and there were so many pictures that they are still taking every year since they've opened the restaurant. These pictures amused us very much.Yes, food was great. The waiters and matre D. were very nice. I think we will go back again when we visit Montreal next time. It just because for, smoked salmon and  leak gratin, both we ordered for appetizers. these were amazing.Also they brought us olive oil for the smoked salmon and it was best olive oil that we've ever had!!! Seriously. Tried on smoked salmon and also on bread, yum:) We really wanted to get it, so asked where they getting it from. The lady told us we can get same Olive oil from Milan super market that located near of Jean-Talon market, but it was the last night of Montreal for us(left early in the morning) I may look up on line.P.s. I couldn't find the olive oil so I have to go back to Montreal sometime very soon!!! n of course, we will stop by L'express:)
4	Lively atmosphere and wonderful French bistro fare make this a must visit restaurant in Montreal. We shared a few appetizers including the sorrel soup (not a big fan), a special beet salad (very good), and I had a fish special which was also very good. Had the apple tart for dessert and it was very simple yet delicious.
4	This place is fascinating, see more about the dynamic below.  But first, the food!We started with the grilled octopus and lentil salad, which was absolutely delicious!  We also enjoyed the baguette and jar of perfectly brined pickles (we noshed on these all night).  For mains, my friend really enjoyed her shrimp risotto.  I did not care for my steak frites, the meat was kind of gristly and hard to cut.  The frites are actually fries, but still tasty, although the aioli was basically just plain mayonnaise.  The wine list is extensive, but our server helped us pick out a bottle of pinot noir that I liked more than I expected.  Dessert was the caramelized meringue.  It sounded like I might not like it, but it's tasty.  A cake of stiff meringue with a glaze of caramelized sugar around it and some custard on the bottom, it was tasty.Service was touch and go.  The host did not appreciate that we did not have a reservation at 9pm on a Sunday.  He tried to seat us at the bar, but we requested one of the several open tables.  Our server seemed amused by the fact that we didn't know what we wanted after 3 minutes.  He warmed up, though, and explained some of the popular dishes.  The busser was actually the most friendly staff we encountered, he was super sweet and made us feel very welcome.  After our appetizer, they apologetically asked if we could move to make room for some late arrivals to the strangest dinner party ever.  Our server gave us a complimentary glass of wine with dessert, which was really nice.  During our leisurely dinner, we watched table after table of the strangest clientele arrive.  A group of college students came in in sweats and hats, which they did not remove, nor were they asked to.  Next came a very glamorous couple.  They were seated for 20 minutes when another group came in who they seemed to know, but just bumped into, so they moved.  A young couple in pajamas were seated when a couple they knew came by, so they moved to a bigger table as well.  At midnight, yet another couple walked in and were seated for dinner.  This is a Sunday!  Needless to say, if you need some good people watching, come to L'Express.
5	I loved this place.  Its in a great neighborhood that we didn't get a chance to really explore.  I got a Greenwich Village vibe from it.  The service started a little snotty but then became really helpful and friendly.  I loved the art deco ambiance inside.As someone from Chicago I'm used to restaurants, especially on a Sunday, to shut down by 11 pm.  Not this one!  We left well past 11 and they were still seating people for dinner!  I think I may have filled up on pickles and bread though.. both are very good (esp the butter)We started with the octopus and lentil salad which was maybe the best dish of the whole weekend.  Top 3 at least.  I had the shrimp risotto and it had a wonderful flavor.  The rice may have been a little over done/mushy but the shrimps and the sauce made up for that!  My friend go the steak and said it was just ok.  I think the meat was a little tough.  Then we received some dessert wine from the house as a thank you for moving our table so they could accommodate a big party.  We had their signature floating meringue with it.  OMG it was like nothing I've ever had!  Really good but I was really full!  I think the best part of this restaurant is the people watching.  It was like Mulberry Street!  I'd be back if I'm ever in Montreal again.
4	Tetes de violon, mackerel, pieuvre aux lentils (all three are appetizers) followed by risotto de homard and les rognons. The only disappointment was the risotto. Although I was pleasantly surprised at its lighter than usual consistency, I felt it was light on taste and the chef was heavy handed with the frozen mixed vegetables.
4	Came here with my lady for a nice evening.  Ordered a bottle of wine and sat down at the bar, since the restaurant was so crowded.  I'm glad we did, because it allowed us to have a more casual dining experience and make friend with the nice older gentleman bartender.I ordered the pot-au-feu and couldn't have been happier.  It comes with a bit of bone marrow which was delicious and just the right texture.  The veggies and meats were also perfectly done.  Overall, a really nice french experience.
5	This place was great.  We asked a stranger on the street for a lunch recommendation and she pointed out this place and said it was her favorite.  Walked in and the place was nearly empty.  They asked if we had a reservation and we almost left.  But they made room for us and 15 minutes later the place was completely full.  The food and service was excellent!  .  It has been over a year since we were there and we still think about it.  Highly recommend.
4	Awesome quail !!
4	There is no sign, like any true great French bistro. The minute you step into the restaurant it is as if you are transported to Paris of the 1920's. The decor is classic bistro with dim lighting and old world feel. The waiters wear vests and clean white aprons and greet everyone with warmth. You just know you are going to be taken care of. Everyone's food at the table looked delicious, but I wasn't able to take a bit before their dishes were already half finished, so I can only comment on my own food. I had the shrimp risotto. This is not exactly French, but the French version of an Italian classic. The risotto was perfectly cooked with just enough bite to the rice to not make you feel like you are eating baby food. The shrimp were delicious and fit the saffron infused rice perfectly. As for dessert, I was able to sneak more than one bite off of everyone else's plate. ;) My rum baba came in what seemed like a pool of simple syrup. This made me worried because I do not enough overly sweet desserts. However, the syrup was balanced, not overly sweet or rum-y. The cake itself was almost egg bread life and soaked up the syrup wonderfully. The chocolate tart was the MOST AMAZING chocolate tart ever! Think dark, bitter sweet, creamy, rich and buttery. Good, right? Well, multiply that by 100 and this is what this tart tasted like. I would come back to just have this tart again.
4	We came here for breakfast and left happy and satisfied!The brunch/breakfast menu is small and only in French, but our waitress spoke English and she was very willing to help us.  A man who I assume was the manager was also chatty and very kind.I ordered the french toast, which I loved.  It was made with very thick brioche bread, which was soaked just right and not dry or soggy.  My son had two scrambled eggs, which was made much more "wet" than we are accustomed to in the states - I assumed it was loaded with cream.   Well, he loved it and actually asked for more, but I gave him some of my french toast instead (which he also loved).  My husband's fried eggs and bacon looked good - the bacon was not as fatty as we are used to but looked good because of that.  His dish was also served with sliced and toasted French bread - which was SOOO good with a bit of butter on it.  Our coffee tasted great, and I will only complain that it was luke warm rather than hot (but our refills were hot).Overall we were served a simple breakfast, but it was so delicious.  It reminded me of the simple yet delicious meals we had in Paris years ago!
4	Great food, everything was amazing. With every meal they serve a jar of pickles and Dijon! And though it might be a wee bit on the expensive side, it's worth it.The people  are really friendly there, know their wine and recommended a great one with the meal.   The only trouble is that the restaurant is too pricey to be a regular restaurant and yet not expensive to be a high end restaurant. As such, there were a few faux pas, I was served first (both wine and food) and had to pour my own glass several times.  This, along with the cheap paper covering the table just made me confused. Nothing to ruin it, just a few small things.
4	Very nice and unique place,Good service. No way to get a table without a reservation on the weekend. Worth to think about the place when you around.
5	Coming from DC where Le Diplomate is all the rage, I was excited to try an excellent French spot with a great reputation...where I could actually get reservations. Everything here thrilled me. I love that this is a nice French place, but it is not pretentious. The atmosphere is upscale casual, emphasis on the casual. Our waiter was very attentive and was happy to answer our questions. The service, from the host, to the waiter, to the busers, was spot on throughout the night. We started with the special mushroom tart, which we split, and it was everything a good tart should be. The pastry was buttery and flaky, with that great browned taste. The cheese was savory, but subtle, and the mushrooms were an excellent balance to the rest of the tart. For mains, I had the house made ravioli, which has pork and veal with a mushroom glaze. The waiter did make sure that I was okay doubling up on mushroom dishes, which was a nice catch, but I was happy to have both and the flavors were distinctly different. The boyfriend had the special lobster risotto. The raviolis were incredible, the pasta was doughy and tender, the filling was so flavorful and savory, and the mushroom glaze was to die for. It had this deep, earthy flavor and I sopped up the rest with the amazing crusty bread. The lobster risotto was an excellent summery counterpoint. From what I saw on the boyfriend's plate and tried, the flavors were light, the lobster was generous, and he was practically licking his plate even though he said it was very filling. For dessert we split the chocolate tart. Of course the tart was a dense, intensely chocolatey experience, but the dark chocolate sauce that adorned it really made the dish. It was so dark and a little bit bitter that it made the tart even better. The crust was nice and thin, so it held together and had a nice butter flavor, but didn't get in the way. I ate here two days ago and I am still raving about it. It is not to be missed in Montreal.
2	Interesting food. If you don't make a reservation, you won't get served
5	This Restaurant is fantastic, not only for the food but for the service!
5	The Lady and I have been coming to L'Express since our days at McGill. We always make it a point to eat here when we are visiting MontrealAtmosphere:- Classic French bistro- Sat at the bar (which is the best experience for a party of 2)Service: - Spectacular and friendly service- Bar tender is running around serving the entire bar himself but he keeps on top of everyone- Great by the glass wine recommendationsFood:- For an app we got the octopus and lentals which was classic and hearty.  A nice dish- Lady got the veal medallions which were very delicious served with a nice potato and spinach  - I got the hanger steak and fries which is what I get 90% of the time we go there because it is done so nicely.  Comes with a generous serving of beautiful compound butter and nice crisp small fries that soak up all the butter and juice from the steak.  Cooked perfectly medium rare- For desert we had the tart au chocolat which is exactly what you need to finish of this great meal- We have also ordered the bone marrow in the past which is terrific and the qual which is really special- Next time I want to try out the veal livers, quiche and the pot au feu Other:- Prices are a little high but for the quality of the food, it's a great deal - Great vibe and a special place- Recommend sitting at the bar
3	We came here based on the great yelp reviews. It was a bit disappointing since we were expecting much better based on all the positive reviews. We ordered a mushroom tart, steak/fries, and ravioli. Everything was cooked properly, but the taste was just average. The only thing I would recommend is steak, and fries.
5	The way I review it is if you are better value for money in all criteria, then you have 5 star. If you are value for money but good or really good - 4 stars, if you are A-OK then A-OK.This was a solid 5 Star experience5 starEverything from food service to decor. Simple stuff but super tasty. We had the Octopus and lentil salad and the Grilled Salmon. Both super yummy. Simple but tasty ingredients. Authentic French cuisine. Great mustard and pickles.
2	Unfortunately this is one of those times that Yelp let me down. I was super excited about this place for having my first dinner in Montreal. Fish soup was tasty but too salty, 3 of us could not finish one octopus lentils appetizer since it felt like it was frozen for days, hanger steak was only okay, there was nothing special in French fries and the chocolate cake had too much cacao (I have to admit that we have been told about that by the waiter). Wine selection was pretty good though.In a nutshell, none of what we ordered was "great" and you can easily find better places in NYC if you spend $300 for a party of 3.
2	We were vacationing in Montreal and looked for a must-go restaurant. No matter which list we saw, L'Express was there. It sounded like a safe bet... Unfortunately, it wasn't.The restaurant tries to maximize its seating, which is accepted... but at first we were seated in a table located just at the entrance to the kitchen, with lots of movement around us. Per my request, we were moved to a table that was just being cleaned.Food - Even what we liked, was not that good.. The beets soup was maybe the jewel of the meal. The rest was dull and boring. The stew that we ordered was tasteless and more than half of it was left on the plate, without anyone asking us how it was. Service - Polite, but we felt no care attitude from our waiter.As someone who lives in NYC, I completely agree with Gokhan T.'s review, that says that for the money I put into this place, I could dine in a Michelin Restaurant in NY.
4	This place was highly recommended to me and as an American I was naive, I walked in on a Friday night after drinks and appetizers with some friends.  And load and behold there was a seat at the bar no wait, elbow to elbow with a local with her cycling helmet and a gentlemen dressed in a finely tailored suit.  And I am wearing a shorts and a t-shirt (us Americans are so horrible at dressing up while on vacation.The service overall was really good, traditionally trained bartenders dishing out fine wines and suggestions for diners.  This place is straight up traditional, with the right food, service, and ambiance.  For me I had a glass of red wine and the duck confit salad, I am not normally a salad kind of guy, but I did not regret getting the salad.  The duck was seasoned well, the meat was moist, the greens were fresh (this is the end of August by the way) and the balance of the bitters and the sweets of the greens and the sweet meat was on point.This is one salad I would eat again, but there are so many other great things on the menu if I was to go here again.
5	This is my favorite place to eat in Montreal. There are meals that are easy to appreciate and appeal to simpler palates (like the delicious hangar steak),  and more adventurous but no less tasty (like the bone marrow). I like to eat at the bar,  and I have always found the staff professional,  knowledgeable,  and very polite and fast. I always trust my waiter's advice on meals and wine,  and they never lead me wrong. I've seen some reviews saying people read other reviews and expected more and consequently were disappointed.  I'd like to ask: what,  exactly,  where you expecting? If you expected an orgasm in your mouth and a super cheap bill,  you may be disappointed indeed.  But for consistently great classic French food,  served by knowledgeable staff in a cozy bistro,  this is your place. It's not as cheap as eating at a restaurant in my hometown,  but then again,  I've never eaten food this great in my hometown,  and I'm happy to splurge to eat and drink well. My tips: get reservations,  try a couple different appetizers (I love the pate!) and go for a dessert.  Enjoy!
3	My husband and I came here our first night in Montreal. We were here on a Tuesday night and even though the place was crowded, we did not have trouble getting a table. We had the bone marrow and foie gras terrine to start. The bone marrow was fine but very simple. I would have enjoyed a little onion jam or a small parsley salad to go with it. The foie gras terrine was good but very similar to other foie gras terrines I have had. My husband had a duck confit salad for his entree. It was tasty and had a nice variety of vegetables. I had the steak tartare and it came with fries. The steak tartare was good, but not that different from the tartare I have had in Chicago. The fries were kind of thick and not very crispy.  Nothing really stood out to us. Although the food did not wow us, the ambiance was nice and the service was friendly. We really enjoyed the half bottle of wine that the waiter suggested for us too. However, this place isn't cheap and for the price, I think you can find tastier food.
3	I had originally envisioned this restaurant to be highlight meal of my Montreal trip.  While the history and the decor of the restaurant is very nice, the food quality did not live up to the high expectations.  On its own, the food is fine, but not compared to the expectations and reviews.  We had the green salad, the fish soup and the steamed bass.  The soup tasted good.  The steam bass was above average and the presentation of the dish was average.  Maybe the restaurant is better known for their other meat dishes.
4	There are many good things about L'Express and I wanted to give it 5 stars but you really have to pick and choose what you order off the menu.  Here's my thought process:The bread basket was cold.  Ugh.The Bone Marrow app was fantastic.  I mean very fantastic.  I mean very fantastical.The Steak & Frites was excellent.  Steak was perfect, too much frites for the day as we had poutine just earlier that day but still very good.The Quail dish was also excellent.  I've never had such juicy tender quail.  Muah!Shrimp Risotto was bleh.  So bleh.  It was cold.  It was a cold glob a goo.  What the hell happened here?  I can't believe we didn't send that back.  I'm still mad that we didn't send that back.  It was so gross.  I guess since I didn't order it I didn't want to embarrass the person who did order it but my goodness the shrimp risotto was so bad I wanted to puke.  i wanted to puke and I wasn't even the person who ordered it. Duck Confit Salad was soooo yummy.  This was my dish.  I'm not sure if there was even any dressing on the salad.  All I tasted was duck fat all over everything.  There were so many textures and flavors going on here that it made every bite an adventure.  I was really impressed and this is a big statement since I never order salad for dinner.  I am man.   Oh, and avoid the shrimp risotto.
5	I have a friend who acts as though every piece of food that enters her mouth has been a gift from the gods. She closes her eyes. She moans. It's quite the sight to witness (aka laugh at). I mean, I LOVE food, but I have never had that type of spiritual experience that she seems to always have.That is, until I had the steak at L'express. Something came over me. I felt like Sally in When Harry Met Sally (but without the whole faking thing). Now it was my friend's turn to laugh at me. But you know what? I don't even care! That steak. Damn that steak. I will never forget you.
3	I have been wanting to have a meal at L'express after reading all these Yelp reviews. I guess setting my expectation too high left me a little disappointed. Making a reservation using Opentable was just so convenient. I was though really surprised  that the restaurant was not busy on a Sunday afternoon. But I doubt I going to have what we ordered for lunch regularly as I can feel my arteries clogging up... Bone Marrow, Veal Kidney, Croque-Monsieur were all quite heavy and I was ready for afternoon nap after my lunch! Those pickles on the side though was delicious as it helped with my digestion and I just couldn't stop eating those!Service here was excellent. The deco and vibe is classical French Bistro.But I just not feeling it... maybe I was just too full after all these eating. Or maybe I should go all the way and order foie gras instead!
5	This place is superb- a must visit for culinary curiosity seekers.Decor/Ambiance- 5/5 Lovely French Bistro atmosphere. The place is long and brightly pleasantly lit. Though we sat near the door, the heat vanquished the cold. The menus come in numerous different languages.Service -5/5Our waiter seemed so enthusiastic about helping us that we couldn't help but get more excited about the food. He brought an entire pickle jar for us to eat pickles at our leisure, and allowed us to taste various wine before making a selection. In addition, he also helped us with clear directions.Food - 4.5/5The appetizers and entrees were simply excellent. Our Bone Marrow arrived with nice little leaves covering the marrow and crunchy toasted bread. The scallops were also delicious. Consume them fast however. Our entrees Shrimp Risotto and Duck Confit Salad were heavenly. The risotto was generously portioned and disappeared in our mouths within minutes. I had some trepidation initially with the duck confit salad, but the second I ate some, I was hooked. Crispy duck bits populate a bed of fresh greens, creating a unique and flavorful taste.The only knock was the dessert- the flottante. I no longer have the sweet tooth that I possessed while younger and the caramelized exterior was just too much for us. But the interior was delicious.Bottom line- Go Go Go.
5	This charming French bistro is right out of Paris, and the real Balthazar experience. Upon entering, one senses that they have entered a special and iconic place. Traveling alone, I made a reservation for the bar. I assumed that I would just be placed at the bar when there was an opening. I was wrong. I arrived to find a table setting for me, a place mat and a card saying "reserved" at the space designated for me at the bar. It was a special way to begin the meal. The bartenders and waiters were exactly what I would expect at a French restaurant, and very attentive. The soup came in a beautiful bowl and accompanied by cheese bread slices. I chose the steak frites for my entree. The meat was succulent, juicy and able to be cut with a fork. The fries were crunchy, salty and perfection. I normally don't order hanger steak and fries, but I'm so happy that I did. It's the best I've ever had or could hope to have again.The wine list too is substantial and reasonable options exist. The prices are incredibly reasonable for such a nice experience, with most entrees in the $15 to $25 range.
4	We went their for my birthday lunch. It was really good. We got the octopus and bone barrow for appetizer. The bone barrow was a bit greasy but it got a nice balance to it. The octopus was great! tender but not too chewy. The main dishes we got was quail and duck salad (this was a while ago, I couldn't really remember exactly what i got).For dessert, I had a really high expectation, however, the chocolate tart did not reach my expectation. It was good, but not awesome. Anyways, I do enjoyed our time there, but I won't be back for some time.
4	This place is reflective of it's namesake - l'express. There's a small list of dishes to choose from so you can quickly decide. Your order will arrive accordingly swiftly. They haven't changed their small menu for as long as I can remember but what they do have, they manage to do it well. And it's always pleasant to drop in for a quick bite. Think of a "diner" experience with much better and cleaner food that's well put together. Their meats can be overlooked. And that's often the problem when I go. But everything on their menu is solid. Take a look at the menu before you go. If there's anything you're in the mood for, this place is sure to satiate it.
4	Despite the vast selection of French food in Montreal, l'Express is French cuisine in its purest form - rich, decadent, and soaked in butter, with a jar of mini pickles on the side.  The menu is stellar, and as authentic as they come. And while I haven't tasted everything that they offer, the 5 or 6 app/entree combos that I have tried have been more than satisfying. Oh, and did I mention that L'Express is one of the few restaurants whose kitchen stays open past 11pm. Seriously, for a city renowned for our cuisine, this sure is a rarity. Bonus: the waiters are like hawks, scoping out empty bread baskets within seconds of emptying, and are quick to remedy the situation, over and over and over again.
4	We wanted one last bite of French cuisine before we left Montreal and hit this place up mid-afternoon on a Sunday. Perfect timing as we were sat right away. It's a beautiful, charming restaurant, especially on a sunny day. Started off with mimosas and then chicken liver pate, the bone marrow salad, and shredded duck confit salad. And red wine - excellent recs from our server. Everything was decadent and delicious. Not a bad plate among all three. My boyfriend looked like he'd died and gone to heaven when they put a huge jar of cornichons in front of him and said we get unlimited bread. I bet they were sorry they told him that after he ate like 3 baskets.We also had dessert. I highly recommend the orange caramel pudding.If you want old school French, this is a great bet.
5	Had a great time here with a great crowd, the ambiance is nothing short of amazing at L'Express. Your waiter or waitress will take great care of you and pay close attention to your table. Nothing beats solid service.Paired with numerous bottles of fine wine, we enjoyed repeated orders of their duck confit and foie gras mousse. (Neither of which I was ever a fan of until having them here!)
2	Great service and ambiance, awful food the one time I've eaten here. The chicken with mustard sauce was bland; the sorrel(?) potage was unimpressive. The butter was too cold to spread, and the bread just average bread. Might give it another try, but only because of all the other glowing reviews here.
5	My boyfreind snd I love thid place!when we want good french cuisines we come here! The tartar is hand cut wich is very important. The pasta is homemade .. i love the set up of the restaurant snd the floors.. you really feel  like your in france .. the waiters are very nice & so is the clientele. If your looking for a good supper with freinds ,first date.. you name it , its the place to be.
5	Hidden gem in Montreal! Love this place. Bone marrow is fantastic and you can even feel the food dancing on your tongue!!! Grilled quail is so good! The wild rice is tasty and the floating island dessert makes a meal perfect ending
1	Duck was dry and tasted terrible. Foia gras was stale. Service was slow.Overall a pretty terrible experience, especially given the price.
1	We went here as so many people raved about it on yelp! Thought I was the luckiest person to score a table last minute at 5 in the evening. The bread was so "average" for a highly rated place! The octopus salad was ok. Quiche was good. Steak frites was average nothing to rave about. And the chicken breast was way over cooked! It was DRY and were it not for the mustard sauce it sat on it was tasteless! Seriously save your money and your selves! Go somewhere else! I don't understand what the hype is all about to the point that it's booked every night! People do you not know REAL good food (?) that you actually say this place is great?????!!? So sad, as this was our last night and I really wanted it to be a good meal!
3	A French Bistro serving a variety of traditional fair at moderate prices, L'express provides the full french/Montreal experience. Although the calf liver dish was just OK, the bread, pickles and wine list were truly a wonderful component of the dinner. A special mention on their wine list is worth noting. Prices on wines were fair and selection was excellent. I especially enjoyed their fortified wine selections! Great service where servers came across knowledgeable, engaging and humble.Enjoy Montreal!
5	Incredible, incredible, incredible;  everything this place is touted to be.  Our first day in Montreal for my wife's birthday and foodie tour, we went to L'Express for a late dinner.Cool, small, unassuming place with exceptional service and pure food to die for.  We shared the salmon tartare and sliced octopus salad for appetizers.  They were both amazing.  I had the hangar steak (perfectly cooked meat with crisp fries) and wife had the poached salmon.  One of the highlights of our week.
4	Very French bistro with excellent food.  Be prepared to practice your French (if you wish) or ask for the English print out of the menu. I had the homemade raviolis (raviolis maison) which were delicious with mushrooms on the top. My husband enjoyed the fresh salmon. We topped it off with the Chocolate tart (tarte au chocolate). Very dense with a deep dark chocolate taste, which was delicious if you love dark chocolate.  Oui, would highly recommend but make reservations.
5	Love how low key and not trendy this place is.  Plus it is open until 3 AM.  It is a bit loud.  The food is great.  I wish this restaurant were in my city.  I might just give up cooking and eat there every night for dinner. Starting a meal with cornichons and great mustard is always a plus.  I had a beet salad.  The lettuce tasted freshly picked and it was perfectly dressed.  My husband's celery root remoulade was damn tasty.  He had the quail.  I had the halibut.  Both were excellent.  My lemon tart was nice too.  The custard was fluffy and lemony but not so much so as to make my mouth hurt as some lemon desserts can do.
5	Do not fill up on the bread and butter. Strongly recommend the steak tartare, and the foie gras is a must. My wife and I split those two dishes and we both left uncomfortably full. Wait staff is very helpful and made excellent wine pairing suggestions from their extensive wine list.
4	We had the hangar steak and ravioli, per the waiter's recommendations.  The ravioli is delicious, the hangar steak was just alright.  Seems like the dishes on the menu are good, it was our fault for not being a little more experimental with our choices.  Since there are so many other highly recommended restaurants in the area, I'm not sure I would make a point of going back to this one, but the ambiance is lovely and the service was friendly.
5	Absolutely fantastic. Extremely good pricing for the quality of the food. We started with the (in season) asparagus, the rillette and the bone marrow (a must try!!). Our waiter was attentive and recommended the perfect wines for our meal. I would return in a heartbeat.
5	Excellent food, wine and service. The bartender was extremely knowledgeable and gave great recommendations along the way on food and pairings. They encouraged us to take our time and order each course as we were ready for the next.
5	Great experience! I just got back from Montreal after a long weekend and this was my favorite restaurant there. We went there on Sunday night, around 9pm so we did not need reservation.we were very impressed by the menu which contain so many yummy options; the server recommended the duck liver pate  - the best I've ever had, served with pickles and spicy Dijon mustard and this tasty tasty bread. its very reach so we couldn't finish it, but really wanted too.. I ordered once of special dishes - Cobia fish with vegetable.. I finished it all. ALL. I needed to resist my self from licking the plate :)the waiter recommended one of the white wines that I wish I took a picture of.and last - the service. the nicest waiter, attentive and helpful that really helped it to be such a great experience.
5	Great food!!! Came from Toronto, and came here after reading all the reviews and all I can say is ...WOW
4	This classic French bistro in a bustling, hip Montreal neighborhood is a lot of fun, good for groups and families.  It's a long, narrow space with tile floors and small tables placed close together--which makes the dining environment as authentically Parisian as the food.  I wouldn't come here for quiet conversation, but my husband and I enjoyed the energetic, sociable vibe.  Waitstaff were knowledgeable, friendly and efficient. Excellent cornichons and mustard on each table were nice touches.L'Express has an extensive menu with most of the greatest hits of bistro fare (pot au feu, steak frites, pate, duck confit, etc., etc.).  Starters vary widely in cost, from roughly $5 to $25, something to keep in mind if you're on a budget, because what you choose for that course, if anything, will determine whether you have an expensive meal or a moderately priced one.  Mains are mostly in the $20-26 range.  That said, some of the starters (quiche and salad, lobster risotto) are substantial enough to be a perfect main course, and others, like the chicken liver mousse, would be good to share. They offer a moderate, mostly French wine list with a good selection of wines by the glass.My husband ordered a warm goat cheese salad and the hanger steak with fries, and I had a special cold soup, a kind of vichyssoise with artichokes, and then a warm duck confit salad.  Both starters were on the bland side--maybe 3 stars--but the main courses were fantastic, solidly five-star, deliciously and precisely prepared.  My husband's hanger steak was the best we'd tasted in years; it did not need the accompanying (and delicious, in a lily-gilding way) herb butter.  Fries were classic French frites, down to the garlic aioli that came with them.  My duck salad was amazing, full of crisp-edged pieces of sauteed duck confit over a spinach, radish and endive base that was dressed with what I strongly suspect was duck fat.  Super-rich!  After all this goodness neither of us could imagine dessert, which was a shame, because the dessert list looked great.  My advice? Skip the starters, or share one with someone else, then have a main course and dessert.
5	Authentic French cuisine in a casual and comfortable setting. The steak tartar was amazing! One of the highlights of a recent trip to Montreal.
3	Let me start by stating that I don't have a lot of experience eating or preparing french food and some of the dishes and methods of french food prep don't really appeal to me, but since we were in Montreal, we wanted to eat at a french restaurant so we made a reservation at L'express based on Yelp reviews.We skipped appetizers as none appealed to us although they served some really good bread.  For mains, I really decided to go french and had the hanger steak with fries (sarcasm).  It was really good; not a big thick steak like in states but thin and really tender and flavorfull.  Not sure how they tenderize or prepared it but it was very good.  My wife had the homemade raviolis which on this day were meat and mushroom filled, and served with some type of beef sauce.  They were really rich and tasty.  We split a chocolate tart for desert and that was good too.Overall we enjoyed our meal here.
5	The perfect Montreal-French bistro. Traveled for the steak frites and haven't stopped thinking about it one week later. The service was impeccable: warm smiling faces enthusiastic to describe a dish if requested in between changing courses with the precision and grace of a jukebox switching between two great records. Wonderful wine list with plenty of bottles between 35-50 as well as dozens of options (even if just to glance at) above that price and half-bottles as well. The steak was tender, well portioned and the pat of shallot herb butter perfect to spread between the grilled crust and crispy fries. We indulged with the maple tart and Quebec apple ice cider to cap of a Monday evening vacation night. Will be our first stop next time we are in the city.
3	Authentic french food that is fresh and light. I had the sea bass and my date had the quail.  The preparation for both dishes was very simple, but allowed the freshness of the ingredients used to shine through. My only complaint is that the sea bass had too much olive oil on the fish and the vegetable side. We sat at the bar and our server/bartender was entertaining and helpful.  There Is no sign on the outside so this place Is easy to miss!
4	Our first meal in Montreal! We arrived on a Tuesday night so we walked right in without a wait. Cute place with a French bistro feel. We ordered the bone marrow appetizer, steak and fries, and the roasted quail. Bone marrow was good and perfect on the toast and sprinkled with sea salt. I loved the quail dish which was served over wild rice..which had excellent flavor, moist and perfectly cooked...the wild rice perfectly balanced out the quail.  The steak was also good and prepared quite well. I just wasn't blown away by it but it was good in its own rights. Waiters were attentive.
5	We went here for an anniversary dinner. This place really does feel like eating back in France. I had the steak tartar which was perfect. My girlfriend got the calf liver and she also loved it. The service was very friendly (even though we didn't speak french). Overall we were very pleased.
4	Have been coming here since the 80's.  It has not changed much at all since then.  It is classic and I have never been disappointed.  On this occasion we came for lunch and I had a really lovely shrimp risotto and my other half had the croque monsieur which was prepared in a simple and authentic fashion with awesome frites..A lot of folks feel this place is maybe not what it used to be.  That has not been my experience at all.  However I would say that times have changed and the overall culinary scene in Montreal has elevated such that there are a lot of great choices and L'Express does not stand out the way it once did.  It does, however, remain on our short list of Montreal dining venues.
4	Someone on the train recommended this place. We stopped in around 8pm on a Friday and they were totally booked up but said they might have space at the bar in an hour. We went somewhere else for a drink and came back and were sat around 9:15.We ordered a nice bottle of red wine and asked the waiter for some recommendations. He suggested the onglet and the chestnut salad as a starter. Both things I probably wouldn't have ordered.I absolutely loved the chestnut salad. Fantastic! My friend was obsessed with the onglet.I would love to come back and try a few other things on the menu.
5	My husband's choice, a restaurant for meat lovers, great wine and food, service is excellent! We visit Montreal twice a year from New York, for food, wine, and energy of the city. Plenty of places to try, and we do, however, L'Express is the one, we will never NOT visit. I go for pickles and spicy mustard, the best bread, and the service. I usually eat fish. Great fish...
2	Sorry, L'express, but you did not impress me with either the quality of service, nor the quality of your food. I went to L'express past 12pm, so my options of good food in Montreal were quite limited. Let's start off with service. Our waitress didn't give a **** if we understood the menu or had any questions. To me, that's a bad signal right there. Second, the food wasn't great. The quiche was not fresh and my steak was thin and had a lot of fat in it, when I was expecting a nice thick steak. So, I ended up paying quite a penny for food that I did not enjoy. Next time, I'll be going somewhere else for sure if I'm craving good food past midnight in Montreal.
5	+++Everything about this placeApple tart was akin to apple pie but tastier and less fillingQuail is easily the highlight of the menu (although it has poor re-heat value)++I enjoyed the proseco, wasn't a fan of the rose wineSteak fritesLarge portions, two people can be satiated off appetizer and dinner (and we were very hungry)Goat cheese and chestnut appetizer was warm and deliciousTypically priced dinner (2 wines, 1 app, 2 meals, dessert, was around $100)+Bilingual staffEnvironment is simple and romanticFull, but not too full (where you have to wait) on a Sunday night, so you know it's good
5	A revisit to Montreal would not be complete without a stop for dinner at L'express. Same Parisian decor. Same excellent service. Great wine selection. Intimate atmosphere. Quick recap of what we ate:***Goat cheese and chestnut salad (lots of flavors that married well, really good portion size) ***Quail and wild rice (surprisingly great, star of the show, rice well cooked, 5 pieces of tender quail) ***Steak frites (loved it, we'll cooked, wish the fries were more stringy) ***apple tart (husband was a big fan) On the list for the best places in Montreal.
4	L'Express is located in a neighborhood filled with some of Montreal's best restaurants. The outside of the building certainly doesn't stand out but it was already packed when I got there for lunch. The portions were big for one person. I enjoyed the duck confit salad but I had to share the bone marrow since it was too rich for me. 4 stars.
5	Montrealers are spoiled in the sense that good food can be reasonable. Here is a place that is so good that the folks in the resto industry eat at. Tiles on the floor and a just a great atmosphere. The Dore Almondine is excellent. Just a fantastic brasserie.
3	Terrific service on a recent visit, sitting at the bar. Atmosphere: AService: AWine selection: AFood: B. The goat cheese and chestnut said was decent. The braised lamb special was poorly done, with a sauce that seemed to have been made by someone who does not know how to cook. At these prices, a better chef might be in order!
3	This is my first time to taste risotto. Shrimp risotto is devious. Another serving is Bone marrow with coarse salt. My husband likes very much. The first taste is very good, but after I eat much, I feel a little greasy.
4	This was our first meal on a recent trip to Montreal with a friend. We stopped by for a late lunch (around 2pm) -- it was still pretty crowded, given the time. I ordered the country style soup and roasted beet salad, which were very complementary. The beets were cooked just right and had good flavor. The pickles and mustard were also a nice starter at the beginning of the meal (they provide you with a huge jar of pickles for the table). The decor of this place is super cute and European -- I recommend it!-L.
5	Even in a short visit to Montreal, you can come here twice - once for brunch (especially on weekdays), once for dinner (reservations recommended).Why twice? Because it's really that good, and having had one good meal here, you'll want to come back again - and you should, you really should!The location is great; this is the prime walking neighborhood in town, and it's a cheap taxi ride or easy metro ride to your hotel. You might decide to walk north to the Plateau before dinner one night, and over to or from Mont Royal or the art museum for brunch.This is MY FAVORITE restaurant in the price range (20$-30$ mains); if I lived in Montreal, it would be my regular "nice dinner" and mid-week brunch place.
5	classic bistro.  a bit off the beaten track for us, not to bad of a walk from the metro.  place was hopping and had to wait for about 30 min to get our reserved table..but worth it.  had a drink at the bar and were seated before we could finish our drink.  service was excellent.  nice menu and all cooked to order and fresh. see picks.  not many comments on the calves liver, but you ever want to try it..this would be the place.  nice wine selection (by the glass was fine for us). no room for desert, but had a truffle..just right.  price point is fair. Absolutely will be back.
1	Tried twice to make a reso at this place foot dinner. One time they asked us to hold on to conform and left us on hold until we hung up. Second time they did not even pic up the phone. I hear the food is good here, too bad I won't be bringing my business here.
