5	Great Greek place right by Sunset Station and across the street from the Galleria. This is also not far from my work. I love the service, the decor, the ambiance and the food in this little slice of Greece! From the first moment of walking in, you can tell this is a small, family owned GREEK restaurant. The decor is tastefully done in all blue and white (Greek flag colors), the blue is especially nice and calming.  You can also see pictures of the owner's family and Greece all around. You can take to go or dine in, your choice. Either way, the service is thoughtful, quick and efficient. My co-worker was there fore the first time and never had Greek food before. The servers all spoke English and explained pretty much every single dish very effectively. Very impressive for an ethnic restaurant especially.I like their vegetarian menu. Veggie Alexander and salads are excellent. I have yet to hear someone complain about their gyros. Nothing is microwaved here, but cooked right in front of your eyes. The ingredients look and taste very fresh. This is one little Greek place, unassuming and unboastfull, but serves good, quality food in little time.One little quip, they discontinued their veggie gyro, which was excellent and my favorite thing on the menu...oh well..this place is still great and highly recommended by me.
5	I adore this place, the food is always fresh and delicious, it's well-spiced, but light as well. I've had their salads, gyro, and souvlaki, all excellent. The meat is juicy and well-marinated. Don't leave without a slice of their galactobureko, which is filo with sweet custard. Usually by the time we leave, we're too full to eat dessert so we take some home for later. It's to die for. The service is also excellent. We've only gone in a handful of times, but the server always remembers us and is very friendly. Don't pass up a chance to try this place.
5	The food may be a little pricey, but it is good to keep me coming back. I come to this place regularly. Love the seasoning they have on the fries. The flavoring on the gyro is good too.  Napoleon dessert fits my taste. It's not too sweet, light and enjoyable.
4	Had a terrific gyro and fries - also comes with a super fresh and tasty greek side salad --  wow.  Seriously delicous.  Wonderfully fresh.  Service started out with a bit of attitude considering the joint was empty -- and we were a little skeptical when he said the gyro was the best in town -- but ya know, I think it was.  I've not tried all of them  yet, but it's not a bad aspiration if I were in serious need of weight gain (which sadly, I'm not) so I'll have to consider it a treat and good to know about in that wasteland of nothingness food-wise...If you're really in the mood to splurge, they have plenty of Greek dessert options, or you can get frozen custard at Neilson's next door who's stopped making sandwiches, probably because the Greek Bistro's are too good to compete with...  ahhh summer....
4	best greek food i've tried in henderson (out of 3 places).  fiancee loves it.
5	Best Greek food in Henderson and Las Vegas. Pita are freshly baked. The star is the Baklava. Generous serving and heavenly. Service is always great. Everything they serve comes in generous portions.
5	Fabulous greek food, I always eat here when in town.  Having sampled nearly the entire menu now, I can say that it is all good.  They hand make most everything and you can tell that they put a lot of love into what they do.  Not only that but the owners work there and they remember us even when its been a year.  If you want good greek food, great service, and want to get it from people who really care about it then I suggest you run over to the Greek Bistro.  No, run faster, you'll thank me for being hungry when you get there.
5	Can't say enough about this place! My grandparents live in Vegas and I'm in town visiting from Chicago. Any other foodies know that Chicago is one of the best chow-towns in the country. However, the food at Greek Bistro rivals the best restaurants in Greektown back home.Not only is the food EXTRAORDINARY, the decor is so cute and festive. The place is outstandingly clean, comfy and welcoming. The restaurant is owned by an Albanian family that makes the dining experience as wonderful as their dishes. This is what "ma & pa" shops are all about: authentic food, great service and reasonable prices.Run, don't walk, to this gem!
4	This place is fantastic!  I am addicted to the gyro salad.  DELICIOUS.  The prices are a little hefty for what is just a hole in the wall pseudo fast food joint.  But the flavors keep me coming back almost weekly.  The staff is always friendly.
3	yes, it's the best greek food in town, but the addition of the server (instead of perfectly acceptable counter service) has turned us off to this otherwise very good restaurant.I was also disappointed that they refuse to honor their entertainment coupon published in entertainment 2009.  No explanation, just that they apparently decided not to honor it.Despite the food being good, these issues mean we won't be back.
4	The prices are a little higher here than at other Greek restaurants, but I'm not complaining.  I've only eaten at the Greek Bistro once, but they served me the best gyro I've ever had.  The fries were terrific.  Normally I don't like fries that much, but the seasoning that they put on them is incredible.  The service was friendly and the food came out fairly quickly.  I'd like to get back sometime soon to try something else on the menu.
2	I have been going to Greek Bistro for the last two years, and the food is great. Their fries are tasty too. As of late, the service has been sub par. The last two times we arrived at 7:30 and 8:30, and the owners were rude to us. They kept staring at us while we ate. We felt uncomfortable as they served us or took our requests as they seemed to be in a hurry to close up shop and leave. We left around 8:30 and 9:07 (they close at 9). They also charged us for yogurt sauce they failed to put on the gyro. It is disappointing to go to one of our favorite spots and be treated this way. I will no longer go here and frequent Crazy Pita instead.
2	I'm originally from Chicago which happens to be the center of Greek food in the U.S. There are many small fast food places around Chicago where you can get good Gyros sandwiches. I had them once or twice a week- so long story short- I know gyros.Having a craving for gyros in Vegas is hard. You just can't find it GOOD out here. So after reading the reviews I decided to give Greek Bistro a try.I ordered the gyros sandwich and Greek fries combo. At $8.99 without a drink it is quite pricey, but I also realize that all the gyros is shipped in from Chicago- nobody makes it in the west, so cost will obviously be more.The sandwich was not exactly what you would get back east. First was the sauce. Now you are supposed to get "Tzadziki" sauce which is a thick yogurt based cucumber sauce that is very light and tasty. I don't know what my gyros was drowning in, but my best guess is some sort of modified ranch dressing. It was a thin runny sour flavored ranch dressing. I took the sandwich out of the tray and the stuff ran out all over.The gyros meat itself was OK but not nearly as much on the sandwich as you would hope for $9. Also on the sandwich was a few leaves of romaine lettuce ad literally 3-4 strands of onion. Chicago style is loaded with onions.Also, the gyros slices were very uniform. This tells me they don't carve it from their own spit and probably buy it pre sliced. The texture and taste of gyros right off the spit is far superior.My only other gripe was I originally wanted to eat in, but after seeing the flimsy looking blue plastic chairs in the dining area (I'm a big guy) I decided to be safe and just take the stuff home.OK, I have to give them at least one good note. I really liked the "Greek fries" Good tasting fries tossed in a spice mixture.Sorry, but I probably won't be going there again.
5	This place is a hidden little gem in Henderson.  When I lived on this side of town we would go here exclusively for the Gyro's.  The sauce they put on it is amazing.  Also, the fries with the garlic sauce is a favorite of my boyfriends.  This is a mom and pop kind of place and you are served by their family.  As for the other food on the menu....I've never tried any of it.  Whenever we go to another greek place we always talk about the greek bistro and how we wish we lived closer to it.
3	I'd give Greek Bistro 3.5 stars. The koobideh was tender, juicy and tasty. I'd definitely go back just for that. The gyro/gyro plate were both average. It's a nice addition to the restaurants in Henderson. There aren't enough family run spots and this is one I'd recommend to people looking for some good koobideh.
5	Love this little hidden gem. Best gyro by far in this town.
5	The food here is really great. It isn't really fancy, but who needs fancy. It is nice, clean, and casual. Everything is fresh and made onsite and they even have Greek beer.  We will be back....soon
4	Excellent little Greek cafe hidden in a small strip mall next to Sunset Station. I love their Gyros and tiropita. The service is good and the prices are reasonable. Try the Greek fries with seasoning and feta cheese, wonderful. The portion sizes are fair for the price.
4	Finally, a decent spot in Henderson!Greek lasagna - rich and creamy, good to shareGyro - pretty good but next time I'll probably try another dish
5	So the first good Greek food experience I had in Vegas was actually at The Fat Greek off of Decatur. This place BEATS that hands down!!! It's a small hole in the wall, mom & pop type of place. It has really basic decor (yet a flat screen TV), but plenty of seating and exceptional food. I mean, wouldn't you rather go to a place that isn't visually extraordinary, but has amazing food?The service was great. They were very nice and accommodating. There were only two servers, one of which I believe was the owner (the 'mom' part of mom & pop), but kept up with the demand of 6 or 7 tables of people.My mom and I ordered an appetizer of lebneh, which I am SO happy they had, and dolmas (stuffed grape leaves). The lebneh is a kind of strained yogurt, just slightly thinner in consistency than cream cheese and is reminiscent of sour cream. It came out with warm, fresh pita, which is some of the best I've had. It was nice and soft with a wonderful flavor you would expect from fresh bread.For the main course we both ordered gyros. I mean, you have to order gyros your first time at any Greek place right? She ordered the traditional lamb/beef gyro with a side Greek salad and I ordered a chicken gyro, since I don't eat red meat, with fries. My mom's not very good at description, but told me that her gyro was one of the best she's had...and that's saying a lot seeing as she's been around for awhile - haha. The salad was a basic Greek, but had tons of flavor and the Greek dressing was tasty.The chicken gyro was DELICIOUS! The chicken was sliced very thin, like you would expect from a traditional gyro, which I appreciated. (When I've ordered a chicken gyro elsewhere they tend to serve it kebob style, which doesn't make for easy eating.) It was very tender and juicy with good seasoning. It was served on that warm, fresh pita with lettuce, tomato, thinly sliced red onion, and gyro sauce. The only bad thing I can say is that they put  A LOT of onion on the gyro...so watch out who you engage in close face to face conversation with later in the day. Mine was served with a side of french fries with a Greek seasoning sprinkled on top...they were SO good. They were nice and hot with the crunchy outside and very soft middle. I couldn't stop eating them, despite my fullness. My mouth kept telling me "one more" while my stomach was telling me "please make it stop." Yet, I couldn't stop...especially when those hot tasty fries were dipped in tzatziki. Speaking of, their tzatziki was really good too. It had good flavor and was a nice consistency. It's hard to make a tzatziki that isn't bland and watery, but they accomplished it well.The pricing is fair too, especially for the amount of food you get. I think we spent a grand total of 30 something dollars for two appetizers and two entrees.The only thing I really wish they had was an appetizer sampler. They had so many good appetizers (hummus, labneh, dolmas, etc) and I wanted to try them all...but alas...I couldn't. A sampler would be perfect for anybody wanting to try a little bit of everything, but still have enough room to order an entree!! (hint, hint)I absolutely love this place, and despite the fact that it's hella far from my house, I will definitely frequent here again...and again.
2	The restaurant is small with a beautiful picture of a coastal city. There are several beers available, plus greek coffee (similar to espresso) as well as their food menu which includes salads, sandwiches, desserts, etc. I opted for the falafel wrap and my boyfriend had the gyro platter with the lemon potatoes. We had a baba ganoush appetizer to start, which tasted fresh with a nice eggplant flavor but smelled strongly like peanut oil. It came with soft fluffy pita bread and crispy pita chips. My falafel wrap was alright, with lots of crumbly falafel balls inside of it. It came with a greek salad, which I had wrapped on the side so I could take it for my lunch at work. I enjoyed the salad, especially the fresh dressing that seemed to be made in house, but it was essentially a standard greek salad. My boyfriend was a bit disappointed with his platter, which came with meat strips, the potatoes, salad and sauces. He felt that it was over priced for what it was. The mythos beer is nice and light, goes well with the flavors in the food.The service was pleasant and our food came out fairly quickly. The main reason I didn't rate it higher is because the price seemed high compared to similar restaurants in the area and how unremarkable my boyfriend found his meal.
3	I've only been to Greek Bistro for lunch (several times) and have had their salads (good), spanakopita (okay), and gyros (good). The service is good and friendly. The place is small, in a strip mall, and is not the typical restaurant atmosphere that you would expect when you are having someone wait on you for dinner. With that said, the prices are a little high for lunch and to have to tip on top of that...not for just a good salad. They should go back to more of the casual service environment they used to be where you order at the counter, get your number, and they deliver to your table. I like them, but I've had better Greek food in Vegas for their prices.
5	WOW!  Got the gyro salad and it was amazing!! Nice little family owned restaurant.
4	Love this place. My co-worker showed me this place and I have been hooked since.
5	DAMNED kick ass food,,,,this is how a GYRO SHOULD TASTE,,yes, I came from chicago and have ate in chicago for the past 33 years and have had my share of gyro meat,,whether it be straight cooked off the spit or fried after the spit but this greek bistro is truly great,,,although a little pricy and the quantity of food isnt compared to the quantity of chicago(fully loaded) it is really great..i would definitely recommend this place to friends and anyone.:)
4	I had a craving for Greek food while in Henderson and stumbled across this mom & pop restaurant near Sunset Station. A small & cozy place that has a mural of a city to make you almost feel like you're in Greece plus the some of that great Greek music that makes you dance in your chair...OPA! Oh they did happen to play the Mamma Mia soundtrack while we were there so I felt like I was reenacting the movie but it was still an enjoyable atmosphere. The owners were great and friendly, providing quick service and checking to make sure that you were satisfied with your meal. Overall we were pleasantly surprised by this place & highly recommend it to those craving Greek and near Galleria mall! We started with the baba ganoush appetizer and this little sucker packed some flavor. This was the best baba ganoush I have had in a while, not to mention the crispy & soft pita that came with this dish. For entrees, we ordered a chicken gyro with fries and a beef kabob with rice. Lots of food for the price, yes I thought it was pricey for being a small restaurant but the food quality did make up for the price. The beef was so tender, it melted in your mouth. Salad had a great homemade olive oil dressing. We were happy campers with our meals and stuffed. I was a little sad that I couldn't sample dessert because this truly wouldn't be a great review without dessert. I did, however, settle for a Mythos, which taste like a Heineken. This place is definitely worth checking out, if not dining than definitely take out as most people were doing.
5	Having never had greek food before, my husband and I tried this place. AMAZING!! We've been going ever since they opened. The food is fresh and tasty, and its a cheap lunch. We love that its family owned and run, we go at least once every 6 weeks now. The gyros are the best, and their tzatziki is sooo good! I can't seem to figure out what seasoning they use on their bombtastic french fries...
5	Had lunch there and everything was tasty.  This is my go to greek spot in town.  Gyros, of course are good. But their fries are super good.
4	This family Greek restaurant is pretty good.  I go for the traditional gyro with a salad.  I have had the seasoned fries and those taste really good as well.  I'm not a big Greek fan but I do crave gyro's and when I do, I always come here.  Price is a little bit higher than I like, I think it was around $9/$10 for the gyro with salad.  Check it out, enjoy!
3	I've been to Greek Bistro twice now. The first time? Don't quite remember it which usually means the food didn't stand out too much. I stumbled upon this quaint little restaurant today, all by mistake. I called to order take out, but accidentally called the wrong place. Oops! When I arrived, (a bit past the 15-20 minutes) the food was still hot. I enjoyed seeing the Greek restaurant was actually ran by GREEK people!My mother had ordered a Chicken Gyro and I had ordered a Chicken Souvlaki plate. Both came with salad and the souvlaki plate came with the choice of rice or potatoes, all for $24. Reasonable price. I opted for the delicious rice.As soon as I tasted the rice, with some Tzatziki I added, my taste buds had an explosion. It was delicious! The pita bread tasted homemade and  was extremely soft and delicious. The chicken was good, but I have had better. It was really tender, hot, and satisfying. Yet, it seemed like there wasn't enough flavor or maybe too strong of a certain flavor. All together, the chicken, rice, and pita in the Chicken Souvlaki plate were enjoyed! They were actually devoured! The salad was just as amazing with not too much dressing, nor too little dressing. So yummy! My mother said she loved the gyro. I took a bite and agreed to disagree. The  chicken wasn't what I would've expected. I don't know if it had too many condiments or such, but it could have been better. Much better. The chicken in the souvlaki plate tasted somewhat better. I might be back, I might not. Depends on whether I call the right place next time!
5	This is a great place to eat!!  The food is always consistent, and taste fantastic.  The customers service is A+.  We go all the time.
3	Had a craving for some chicken soulvaki so on the way home from a shopping trip to Walmart, I decided to check it out since I had driven past it soooo many times. It's very small on the inside, but clean, and beautiful. I ordered my dish to go since I had some perishables in the vehicle I had to get home.  I ordered the chicken soulvaki plate which came with a greek salad, your choice of potatoes (i had the greek potatoes), chicken, and a soft pita. The pita, as other posters have mentioned is really soft and fresh, homemade tasting. The food tasted great, but the portion size for the $13.99 I paid was shocking.  Yes, it was to-go, but still...I'm used to paying about $10.00 for the same back home and the portion size is huge. It came in a styrofoam takeout container with the chicken in the larger area, the greek salad in the smaller area, and greek potatoes in the smallest...there were 3 quarters of potatoes.  The food is good, but I think they overcharge slightly based on what you actually get. Maybe it's larger if you dine in, but I'm not sure. I may or may not go back.
4	Great Gyros, They come with fries.
5	So I've had some more greek restaurant experiences, and this place's gyros and tzadziki can't be beat! Not to mention we never have to ask for anything, our service is always perfect.
4	Tiny little bistro, so it's not fast food, but it's good and the prices are right.  Quite possibly one of the best Greek salads I've ever had. Atmosphere is fun; family owned and operated and this place is bustling at 2 pm! Definitely worth a try.
5	Having eaten greek food for years from average restaurants to fine dining, the food you get here for the price is really good and well worth it. Very chill place to kick back and eat some nice greek food.
5	Great food every time! They will even make us a vegetarian gyro, which is not on the menu. A friendly, family-owned restaurant!
3	Good food, nice lunch.
4	Greek bistro is an excellent authentic Greek experience. We had the traditional gyro sandwich, one with salad and one with fries. The meat was extremely tender and delicious (cut from the spit). The pita bread was also soft, doughy and delicious.  The tzatziki sauce on the gyros sandwich was creamy and amazing. I thought the sandwich could have used a few more onions but my wife thought it was perfect. The Greek side salad was awesome (not just an afterthought) and the fries were delicious. The staff was extremely nice. For dessert we ate the Baklava, it was warm flaky, cinnamony and sweet and was possibly the best Baklava I have ever eaten.  The Greek Bistro had a very authentic Greek family feel to it's ambiance and was really a joy to have a meal at. This is our new spot for authentic Greek food.  Highly recommend.
5	Authentic and delicious  Greek food. Friendly staff.
2	The gyro's are super delicious and I would give this restaurant 4 stars but my experience here has always been subpar. I use the deal on groupon for Greek Bistro the last 3 times and the owner gives you a very rude face upon presenting the groupon. The food is good, but I probably won't go back because of the attitude they display.
5	By far the best Gyros I've had.  I used to go here almost every day for lunch because it was the best option around.  The fries here are excellent as well!  Unfortunately I moved out of state late last year and every Greek restaurant I go to has never been nearly as enjoyable or presentable.
4	As of today, this is still the best Greek / Mediterranean food I have tasted in Clark County, although I admit I haven't been to too many such establishments. It's a tiny, quaint little place with some fitting ethnic decorations on the walls and Greek colors over the tables.The first thing you'll notice about this joint is that it is very much a mom and pop establishment. The food is VERY home cooked and you'll taste it right away. The owner is a Greek lady who is generally a very nice host--but she may fuss a bit over Groupons-- just a warning. You'll also be pleased to find that the servings are quite generous. The wraps are all very filling and come with a heap of delicious seasoned fries. I barely finished the platter when I ordered it for dinner recently. The greek salad is mouthwateringly delicious and she sure doesn't skimp on it. As for the gyros, arguably the staple of any place with "Greek" in the title, they are the best I have ever tasted. Seriously. You'll immediately notice a difference in the meat that she uses, as well as the authentic Tzatziki sauce that she puts in them. If you order gyros around town at casual fast food places, you'll very easily notice the superior quality of this one. I've also had the Kefka (kabob) and the chicken wraps which were both quite pleasing. You usually spend about 12-14 dollars per person here, and I hope that doesn't discourage some of you cheaper yelpers out there. Sure, you could probably go get another gyro for half the price within a few miles but the extra few dollars are well worth it for by the superior quality of the food. There is a little bit of a wait, but take satisfaction knowing that it's time spent cooking and preparing your meal freshly.
4	After getting rave reviews from a pal who's a regular here, she accompanied me for lunch yesterday with a couple of other friends.  I had the spanakopita (spinach pie) with salad and for $7.95, I considered it a Greek Happy Meal!  The salad was bigger than one normally gets as a side that I couldn't even eat it all.  The spanakopita was terrific, with a nice, flaky crust--I liked it better than The Great Greek's, another Hendo spot.  A couple of my pals had gyros so I was able to steal some of their fries and those were very tasty, too!  I usually leave room for baklava, but I was too full this time around, and that's saying something for me when I don't have dessert! The mom and probably her son who waited on us were attentive and kept our glasses filled.  The place is clean and I really dug the wall with the Greek scene of blue water and pristine white houses.  Mamma Mia, I'll definitely be back for more!
4	Went here after Golf and oh boy they make a really good Gyro. Pita was one of the best I ever had. Pita was so good I got them to make me a couple to take home.
5	I am not really a fan of greek food especially tzatziki so I ordered the chicken gyro and asked for it on the side.  by itself the gyro stood out as having the best I have ever had and the tzatziki put it over the top.  the fries where really flavorful as well.  my parents ordered the gyro salad which we both agree was sensational.  we are originally from Chicago which has a huge Greek community and my mom said it was the best Greek food she has tried outside of Chicago.  it has never let me down and is the only great place I will go to.
5	I absolutely love Greek food and this is by far the best I've had in town. Gyro is amazing, both the chicken and the beef! But the absolute winner is their Pasticcio. I have to say it is one of the only dishes in town that I will drive thirty minutes for (about how long it takes for me to get from my apt to the restaurant). The noodles are long and thin, it is well seasoned and there is just enough sauce and ground beef inside; and the top is browned, ahhh I'm salivating just thinking about it. Pasticcio is sometimes called a Greek Lasagna, but I have never had Lasagna this good!! My dad lives around the corner and he was the first person to introduce me to Greek Bistro. My dad is a fantastic chef so my idea of good food has always been a little higher. Before coming to Greek Bistro I had Pasticcio at the Greek Festival held in town every year and was soooo disappointed because I always loved my dad's Pasticcio growing up. But if his was ten times better than their's, Greek Bistro's is ten times better than his. Sorry Dad!! Thank you Greek Bistro for loving my taste buds!
5	Absolutely love the traditional gyro here. Personal favorite in all Vegas! As a recovering carnivore, this place always tempts me into relapsing. Been coming for a couple years, never had a bad experience.
4	We just love this place and we're so glad they've stayed in business.  It's family run, and everyone that works there is so nice.  The food is great and there's really nothing quite like it in Henderson.  We drive out from Boulder City to eat there sometimes.
4	A gyro craving hit me today, so I went on a mission. Greek Bistro was the second place we hit, after the first didn't pan out.The restaurant is very cute. All sorts of kitschy "Greek" stuff, with lots of blue and murals. You can tell its family-owned, which can be good and not so good. I almost felt like an intruder. The waitress/cashier was not too personable (adjusting the chairs we had just stood up from and pushed in, etc).We got two traditional gyros to go. $8.99 for each combo (gyro and fries), slightly on the high side, but definitely not outrageous. The gyros were big and so good! The meat was perfectly cooked, the tzatziki was good and the veggies weren't mush. The portion of fries was huge and covered in Greek seasoning. Not the greatest, but in line with fries I've had at other gyro places.Craving - satiated!
3	The traditional gyro is awesome!! Both myself and the wife loved it. Mine came with fries. Tasty. My wife got the side salad. Great salad with lots of feta.Super friendly . A definite favorite place for gyros.
5	The best gyro I have ever had and the fries were awesome hope to go back soon!
4	Had the gyro salad....it was huge!!  Can't wait to go back and get another one!!!  My friend had the chicken kabob....she said "I want to have my birthday dinner here!!"  And this girl is not easy to please!!Nice to be able to support a local small business AND get awesome greek food!!!!!
4	A good alternative to casino food.
3	Tried this on our way to Costco...My gyro salad was tasty but for the pool of grease on the plate...hubby enjoyed his gyro...neither of us cared for the tzaziki....we much prefer Yanni's!
5	I eat here with and without the wife at least once a week. The restaurant is owned and operated by a greek family who is always friendly. The food is fantastic and as authentic as can be! The portions are large and filling. I have never had a bad meal and take my out of town guests here all the time. Every time any of them visits me they always ask to come back here!
5	Great Food. Very Fresh and Delicious.
4	Like others said, this is a great family owned business. The food was really good, and there is a lot of it! We started shared the greek salad which was a great appetizer for 2 people. I had the traditional gyro and my wife had the chicken gyro, both with fries. It was too much food for 2 people, neither of us finished all of the fries. We had a $25 restaurant.com certificate which stated we had to spend at least $37.50, which is why we ordered so much food. We ordered beer and wine also so we did hit the minimum we had to spend. At first the older female owner (the same in previous reviews) took the coupon and said it didn't apply to the beverages. But I showed her in the description that is doesn't state that, just that we had to spend $37.50. She went to the back and after a few minutes came back and said ok, but didn't seem too thrilled about it. She was still very nice though and seemed to appreciate our business. The traditional gyro is the best! My wife and I agreed that it was better than the chicken. And the pita bread is delicous. The greek salad was really good and so were the fries. If you're looking for a great gyro this place is a must. We will definitely go back in the future (and order less food).
5	Really good gyro! THe overall lunch had character with a more personal season.
5	Been eating here forever and it is always great!  They make the best lamb shank, Pastitsio - Greek Lasagna, and gyro... plus the Greek seasoned fries and super with the white dipping sauce!  Never had a bad meal here and the service is very friendly too!
5	The best tazatiki sauce in town. I love the small, family atmosphere and they almost always have a game on! The traditional gyro is amazing and flavorful and delightfully sinful at the same time. The Greek fries are full of garlic-y goodness and guaranteed to repel any stalkers waiting for you in the parking lot. A friend had the Greek lasagna lol it tasted a lot better than it looked.No need to say I'll be back...I'm a regular!
5	Love! Love! Love! This restaurant. They food is always consistent and you're made to feel as if you're dining in the owners home.  The pita bread, hummus, and chicken gyros are amazing. This is the best place I have found in town.  No one serves greek fries with garlic like the Greek Bistro.  I am so glad they're in my backyard.  You gotta try it. You'll love it.
5	I tried this place for the first time today. It's in the same shopping center as my work but I had yet to discover it. I ordered the Gyro with salad and a side of hummus via phone which was ready in 5 min. I love this type of food and have had a lot of Gyros around town. The traditional Gyro I had today was excellent. It was so big I couldn't eat the salad that was with it. The hummus was good and I had to share it because it too was a large portion. It came with pita chips and bread which was a treat. Overall, the food was wonderful and I'll make it a point to come back. Thanks for a great lunch! =)
5	This is by far the best Greek I've had. Our family visits here often. My wife is vegetarian and loves the spanakopita. It is really big and she loves it! I get the gyro with fries. Both are so flavorful. The fries have homemade spices on top. This appears to be own by a family. The mom is always in the kitchen cooking and the children help with seating and orders. We've done sit down and take out. Both are great!
5	The gyro is phenomenal, service is great. Good luck finding a better gyro in this town!!!! Oh and the fries are unreal!
5	Very good food. Beautiful presentation. Family-owned with pride and care. Clean visible kitchen area. Clean dining area and bathroom too. Only caution would be if mildly spicy red peppers are not your thing, just let them know to go easy when you order. They are very accommodating. The chicken soup and Greek salad could easily be a whole lunch meal or even dinner for a light eater. Although they don't prepare the pita dough, they do bake it on the premises. We were again very pleased with our experience. We try to eat here whenever we come to Vegas.
5	This place is nothing short of amazing!! I'm a total sucker for the lemon potatoes. I've had the chicken kabob and the gyros. In truth, you can't go wrong with anything on the menu. The atmosphere is mellow and I love that it is family owned.
5	This place has THE BEST Greek food I've ever had! The best tzatziki ever! The pita chips and bread are delicious. The traditional gyro is great - in part because do the tzatziki and pita bread! Been here twice and the staff is great. Can't wait to go back!
4	I came to this place looking for some good Greek but ended up finding the best koobideh/ground beef kabob in Vegas. Skip the expensive and always disappointing Persian restaurants. This is one of the best kabobs I've had and that's saying a lot since I'm Middle Eastern. Two huge kabobs and rice for only $13!! Cannot be beat.
5	Delicious Greek homemade style food
4	We stumbled upon this quaint, family owned restaurant during our short stay in Henderson, NV. My husband and I are foodies and health nuts who avoid chains at all cost. This place is a hidden gem that gives an appetizing taste of both Greek culture and flavor. We decided it was definitely one we would re-visit if we lived nearby.The service was fast and friendly. Gyro Salad was huge and topped with a mound of very flavorful meat. Ask for tzatziki sauce on the side because they give you a large portion. Warm pita bread was also a delicious compliment to the meal...very good with the tzatziki sauce or hummus dip.
5	Best gyro we ever had! Worth the drive!
4	Pretty solid Greek food--I ate the gyro salad which was filling but also didn't weigh me down for my afternoon errands. Service was alright as well--seems like a family run place so I don't mind seeing the servers sit down to eat their own meal. Hard for me to believe that at least three Greek restaurants can be supported in this one tiny section of town, but it works because each is delicious.
5	It isn't often that I take the time to write a review particularly for a food establishment but I almost feel compelled to do so regarding Greek Bistro. A sign advertising the gyro special caught my eye and I figured I give it a whirl for lunch. I was pleasantly surprised. I was greeted warmly by the staff and the food not only met but exceeded my expectations. The fries were rightly seasoned and the quality of the meat was superb. The restaurant will definitely be seeing more of me.
5	Deliciousness and authentic! Service was fantastic. We had baba ganoush, dolmas, and chicken plate .! Best greek place in town, don't let the location fool you!
5	We decided to try this place because of the positive Yelp reviews. I can honestly say that we were not disappointed in the least! It's in a little strip mall, which is scary at first but once you sit down, you will feel right at home! The service is excellent and the gyro is probably the best I have ever had! They serve a lemon potato with the gyro plate that everyone has to try. Before you leave, don't forget to save room for the baklava dizzled with honey!
5	I love this place! It's consistently good. I feel good every time after my lunch. I always get the chicken gyro but my wife will get other things off the menu and never had had a complaint. So leave the comfort of Sunset Station and wonder over for some fresh Greek.
5	Mmmmmm baklavaaaaa, sorry got ahead of myself!We were out and about in Henderson and I remebered reading yelp reviews of the Greek Bistro. So we decided to do late lunch. Great customer service, good ice tea! Lol always important! We had....Spanikopita: it was good, not great, but good. Salad was fabulous! Watch for pits in olives. A great salad dressing, one that i have never had before. Gyro: very good tender meat and the tzatziki and fries holy cow so great! And the baklavaaaa, yes you have to sing it, was out of this world, straight out of the oven! Best honey I have ever had light and crunchy. When he put it on the table it screamed TADA!Overall a great light cool meal on a hot day! We will be back....
4	We enjoyed coming into this place. My bride picked this night and I was happy that it wasn't her usual Outback. It is definitely a small family run business. We were seated and our waitress came over. She was available to answer my questions and our orders were taken. We enjoyed a appetizer of falafel. Never having tried it before, it was crispy on the outside like a hush puppy and warm flavorful on the inside. Thought it was pretty good. It was served with slices of tomato. We both ordered gyro's. My better 9/10's had the chicken and I had the original. They both came with a huge amount of herb covered fries. Almost too much! The fries were really good and hot. We each enjoyed the gyro's. It had great flavor and was packed full with meat and vegetables. The greek sauce is wonderful. Great flavors all around! When we were almost done we talked with the "mom" of this place and she was delightful. She gladly answered our questions and inquired about our meal. Very pleasant. We will come back to this place because the food is legit and the "mom & pop" feel of the place is great.
4	Wednesday night and Earl wanted Greek food.  We drove over to Great Greek, but sadly, the place was closed.  I yelped and it suppose to be open!  WTH?  I called and the recording mentioned that they will be closing from blah blah to blah blah.  Therefore, we defaulted to Greek Bistro.I got the gyro sandwich with fries, and Earl got the chicken salad with a side of falafel (appetizer).  The falafel appetizer came with babaganoush and slices of pita.  I really enjoyed my food.  I ate half of it and was super full already.  Earl ate the rest of the gyro.  My sandwich was stuffed with delicious tender, flavorful slices of gryo.  I also liked the greek fries with the yogurt dip.  Yummy!Earl's salad was a salad.  Overall, we are fans of Greek Bistro and will always be on our to go to for Greek food.
4	Not quite a 5-star gyro but it was still pretty good. There could have been a little more meat in the sandwich, but it did include greek fries or a salad with the meal- I got the fries and they were delicious. I would go here over The Great Greek mostly due to the price. The sandwiches were pretty comparable, but for the same price I got fries included here.
4	It's a weird coincidence that there are two Greek places almost right next to each other in this area. But of the two - I think this is the better one.Like all Mediterranean food in Vegas, everything here is expensive. You're over $10 an item on most things. However, to my pleasant surprise, the amount of food and quality was right up there to match with only a couple of hiccups.Between the gyro plate and the falafel pita, I'd say stick with a plate. You get a healthy helping of sliced gyro meat, bread, salad, delicious lemon potatoes, and some sauce. Honestly, there was a lot of food and it was all pretty good. The potatoes instead of fries (like most places) were a welcome change and I loved the flavor. Greeks and their lemons (even though I'm pretty sure the people running the place are Armenian).The falafel on the other hand was just alright. What was most unpleasant about it was the tahini sauce over it. It tasted old and like cardboard. Or maybe there was just too much of something. Whatever the case, it killed the rest of it. I didn't enjoy it, but I think with a fresh sauce it would be good.Service is fine, and atmosphere is what you can come to expect from any small ethnic spot. It's a place with chairs. But being "Greek" - it has some Parthenon pizzazz to go with it on the walls. Worth your trip? Absolutely. Stick to something without that cardboard tahini sauce and you're et.
5	Best Greek food I've had in the Las Vegas area. Hard to find, but worth the search. Sits just behind the Wildfire casino in the the Sunset Station parking lot. Let's keep these mom and pop gems in business.
5	This place is the bizomb!!!! Was going to another Greek restaurant in the area, but got there and discovered they closed down. Thanks God because otherwise I wouldn't have found the Greek Bistro.I've eaten tons if gyros before (if you don't believe me just check out my FB profile for proof of my waistline) and this one stacks up among the best. Super fresh, great tzatziki, great flat bread & lots of moist & juicy lamb. Can you say nomnom?!? I can't because my mouth is full of gyro, yo!!!  A little on the pricey side at $10.81 for gyro, fries & drink, but def worth it. The gyro is huge & lots of Greek fries (BTW, the fries are awesome too).  Definitely coming back to this place.  He'll, I would scale Mt. Olympus to get back to this place.  I'll be dreaming in Greek tonight - no doubt!
5	I admit- I was nervous to try hummus for the first time. As well as Greek food. I was blown away by the delicious hummus and Greek lasagna. My mom was so delighted by the food (also a first timer) got an order to go for dinner the next day. The owners were honestly friendly and explained each entree in detail. Please experience this authentic Greek Bistro. You will not be disappointed.
2	The food is good here but the owner or the lady that runs this place is abrasive and rude. She slammed my credit card on the counter and threw her order booklet down after she took my order and was not pleasant at all! So I asked her "are you ok today cause you're usually really nice?" And she yelled at me saying "what did I do? What did I say to you? I have a headache! I'm not doing anything to you!" So I sat down to wait for my order and she was still going on yelling while I had already walked away! SMH! I'm really disappointed with the service because I come here all the time and I do not wish to come back...
4	This is my go to place.  I have tried most of the menu and have always been very pleased.  I have ordered food on Saturday for Sunday dinner.  It is wonderful heated slowly.  No microwaving.  "Mama" was very good about letting me know just how long to reheat.  She was aghast that I'd serve food a day old!!I go often and enjoy the personal recognition I get from the 'worker bees'.  To me it is a 'welcome & let me feed you' place.
4	Yum, yelp you didn't fail me here. We have been a fe times and it is great! We have gone here a few times, and everything is great. We drove 10 miles out of the way and didn't have a free steak lunch just to eat here. I have seen stuff staying it is expensive, but for what you get in quality and service it is worth it. I had a glass of wine a gyros on the last visit and it was just 25.00 with a healthy tip. I love small family places and this doesn't disappoint, all fresh all good. I saw someone have the lamb shank and next time that is what we will get. Cheers!
5	This place is awesome. Everytime I eat there the food is perfect. They are always polite, fast service, great food. The baklava is AWESOME! The gyro...perfect. This family place is becoming a regular spot for me. I highly recommended it.
5	This is the second time I have been to the Greek Bistro. Last time, I had the falafel wrap and greek fries. My Mom had a gyro salad. In addition, we got baklava and hummus to go. Both of us loved our food. The wraps/pita are so good. I went back tonight and got the chicken gyro and greek fries. It was just as yummy and good as last time. This is definitely my favorite greek restaurant in the area. I am definitely planning on going back again
5	This restaurant is SO good!!! When We walked in around 5pm, the restaurant was empty except for one person waiting for their call in order. I was a little hesitant at first...I ordered the gyro plate. The pita bread tasted amazing, the meat was so flavorful, the tzatziki was delicious and the lemon potatoes were perfect.My boyfriend ordered a shrimp and rice plate that was amazing!The side salad that comes with the meal is really yummy too, lots of feta and great house dressing.The two owners were there tonight too, such a sweet couple. The lady was our server, her hospitality and friendliness was outstanding.This is a great restaurant that I will recommend to everyone. Go here! The food is so delicious.By the time we left around 6pm the restaurant had really started to fill up. I will definitely be going back!
5	Seriously good Greek food! Been to most of the Greek places in town, and I think this is by far the best. The chicken souvlaki plate, gyros, and falafel are all fantastic!
4	Was headed to my fav spot The Great Greek just up the street when I came across this spot and decided to give it a try and see how it measured up. I ordered the soup and chicken gyro that came with salad or fries. I opt for the salad. The soup was amazing, the gyro although tasty I wasn't a fan of the tzadziki, I felt the chicken was a little on chewy side. The older woman who works here seemed to be more occupied with other patrons and showing them pictures on her phone which left me sitting waiting for my check with an empty glass of water for a good 15-20 mins. For me personally I will stick to my fav spot. This is not a bad alternative and a bit more $.
5	The best gyro meat I've ever had. The pita is so soft. The tzatziki appetizer and their salads are to die for. So so so good! Mine and my husbands favorite place to eat. I'm part Greek, raised by a Greek family, and this definitely reminds me of my family's cooking. And it's a family owned business, and they're very personable. They always remember us and chat with us when we go there.
5	I eat here at least once a week. They have the best gyro meat in town. I have eaten all over town and their is the best. Best meal for the money. Everything is so delicious.
5	Great Food. We have noticed that most of the people here are repeat customers and the owner takes the time to greet everyone one of them. Will go there again.
5	I love this place. My boyfriend and I go whenever we can. The food is always great and the service is great too. Highly recommend if you like good Greek food!
5	I've been coming here for over 6 years and every time had been excellent!  This is a must visit restaurant!
5	This place is seriously insanely good! Everything you put in your mouth makes you say "yum!" Their lemon potatoes are a must have. I always order the gyro, but when I've tried bites from my friends' plates, everything is equally awesome.
5	This is the most awesome place on the planet. I love the food. I love the owner and her family. I'm here weekly. Can't get enough of her cooking.
5	The food was great and so was the service!! Another one of my favorites because it is FAMILY owned and operated!! Our server was the son and he was funny, sweet and efficient. I would highly recommend from the vegetarian part of the menu, the vegetable (pastry) Not sure of the exact name. I have never experienced a greater Greek meal.
5	I LOVE this place!  From start to finish, this has become one of my most favorite restaurants in town. The family who owns the business are all so nice and helpful, and very, very welcoming.  The food is to die for as well- my favorite is their Shrimp a la Greek and my husband is hooked on their lamb shank.  Fresh Mediterranean salads on the side, and a sinfully delicious baklava to finish it all up... we leave full and smiling each and every visit.  You will too!
5	I love everything at the Greek Bistro but my favorite are the Gyro wrap (the meet is sooo fresh) and feta fries!!!!!!!!!!! I am from LA but when I go to Vegas my first stop is always at the Greek Bistro. Amazing food and best service. P.s.  I give 5 stars for the cleanness of the place, 5 stars for service, and 5 stars for the food!!!!
5	Potentially the best Greek food I've ever had, with also the nicest staff! Family owned and very good service, and the food was worth every penny. The traditional gyro was so delicious, lots of meat that was juicy and flavorful! The fries were also really good! The baklava was a great way to end the meal too. Wish they would open a location on the north side... worth the drive for Greek food fix!
5	Gyros here are so good! Flavorful and delicious. I love their Greek fries!!! They add tons of flavors to it- amazing!
4	Huge portions...I had the gyro with a side salad and could only make it halfway through...but it was really tasty!Friendly people, cute ambience...my one complaint was that I ordered a glass of Pinot and they served me merlot.  But it was a large serving and I wasn't at a nice steakhouse or anything, so I didn't complain!
4	What a find !   Leaving Costco (in Henderson) about a week ago, I pulled up Yelp hoping to dine someplace different.   After seeing so many positive reviews and not having any Greek food in quite some time, I gave it a shot.  Fortunately, Yelp guided me is as the restaurant is a little off the Marks Road (and just south Sunset), and the signage is not visible from Marks Road.  The decor is modest but, more importantly,  the staff was very friendly, the menu / selection was decent, and the food / prices were awesome.  During the course of my meals, there was a steady flow of carry out business which is always a good sign.  I plan to visit again - soon!
5	I try to go at least twice a month - my kids love this place (especially the fries and dip)I love everything at the Greek Bistro but my favorite is the regular Gyro wrap.  It is amazing and unfortunately order the same old same old - however its so darn good.  For a little hole in the wall - this is a special place.   Greek Bistro - Your the Bomb for the best Gyros in Vegas
5	Wonderful family run greek restaurant. It's a little hard to find but you will be glad you did! They have the best gyros and baklava I have ever had, including from Greece. The gyros are on super soft pita bread with plenty of taziki  sauce and even an extra side for those of us who love taziki. The meat is delicious, very tender and topped with diced tomato and cucumber. They also have a gyro salad it you are watching your carbs :). It comes with either a greek salad or fries. The fries are seasoned and make a perfect match. Don't leave without trying the baklava. It is so flaky and full of nuts and honey, absolutely delicious.
5	Just had dinner at Greek Bistro, and as always it was great.  They have the best soup; chicken, rice, lemon and by far the best Gyro sandwich I have ever had.  Tried a new ( for us) desert, the namoorah, and my wife was in heaven.  This little place has never let us down.
5	Absolutely am never disappointed at any meal here.  One of my favorites, family owned and run with great food and though small , very friendly atmosphere.  Lamb shank is superb as is pistachio.  Desserts fantastic. Just tried new one I highly recommend, numoorah! Try it!
5	Absolutely am never disappointed at any meal here.  One of my favorite places to eat out at; family owned and run with great food and though small, very friendly atmosphere. My family & I have been eating there since they opened & it has always been consistent with large helpings & everything cooked to perfection! Very clean & profesional, the gyro salad is so good & refreshing in this desert heat.
5	Is it possible that the food gets better and better each time we go.Visit here at least once a week...about a 20 min drive.WELL WORTH IT!!!!!Their food is fresh,rice pudding to die for...friendly family who owns it!A must try!
5	Best Greek food in town.  The gyro is fantastical.  The gyro player is great for sharing.  I have been 100's of times over the years and have never had a complaint.  It's amazing they are still open as the location is horrific.  Once Nelson's custard closed next door I thought for sure they would be next.  I have told them they need to open up in the mall or in a casino location.  The food is way to good to see them fail.  Especially with places like mad Greek and that place at the mall Kylos Greek cafe (horrible).  If you want a family friendly great Greek food give them a try you won't be disappointed.  Oh Greek fry's are awesome.
5	This is my favorite Greek place in all of Vegas and Henderson. Incredible gyros, fries, tzitziki, and pita. Fantastic service - the owners are kind folks. It's a great value too. If I lived closer, it'd be hard not to go every week.
4	Great gyros and very friendly service! Stopped in this past weekend for lunch with the family. The staff was great with our 2 young boys, got our food to us fast and we were all very happy when we left.Great quality gyro meat, the fries were yummy and my only small complaint was it was a bit on the warm side for us. We'll definitely be back.
5	Update TimeGB is still a great spot to get your Greek food fix in Henderson.  I've been back for lunch multiple times since the first time I reviewed this place, usually for the chicken gyro and fries.  Today I finally switched it up, trying the avgolemono (egg-lemon) soup after some Yelp friends were talking it up yesterday.  Definitely lemony, this chicken soup with rice was a delightful accompaniment to the chicken salad, another first for me there.  Both are served with soft pieces of pita bread and it made for a delicious meal.  I took half of the salad to go since it's a generous portion and I was already a bit full with the soup.  This family-run business always has great service and I'm never disappointed with a meal there.
5	The lemon potatoes are like crack! I don't know what they season them with, but they are SO good! I got a gyro plate and it was all very yummy. Great tzatziki sauce! I also got dolmades - delish! Can't complain at all - this place rocks. :) The customer service was wonderful too; the lady made sure I had everything I needed when I picked it up. I'll definitely be back!
5	Our favorite Greek place in town. Good prices and the family that runs it always remembers us. Things to try:Chicken gyroChicken salad (has feta, cucumbers, tomatoes and yummy Greek dressing)Pita and hummus Baklava
5	Found this gem a few years ago and every year we visit we come back here to eat! The gyro meat is from the spot, the tzatziki is spot on and the keftedakia is perfectly done. Definitely worth checking out!
5	I have passed this place many times and decided a few days ago to stop in. I placed an order to go and it didn't take long. The lady at the counter was very nice. When I told her it was my first time in she suggested their most popular items.  I chose the chicken gyro. It was delicious. I wish I had stopped in sooner. The sauce was tasty. I even locked the left over sauce from the wrapper. Yeah it was that good. Will definitely go back again.
5	I've driven by this place a million times, but never stopped. It's tucked away in a modest strip mall, somewhat of a hidden gem. I strolled in on a whim, and ordered the filet mignon souvlaki dinner. It was incredible. The steak was perfect, and the salad was fresh and delicious. Nice large portion, and I had a huge baklava for desert, which was perfect. Great place, and very good service. Good value. I will definitely be back
2	Is it acceptable for employees to be on their phone while waiting on you? Not in my book.  We walked in one afternoon to an empty dining area.  The guy was on the phone and didn't hang up before walking over to our table.  This also happened when I went up to pay our bill.  I just don't understand taking a personal call while a customer is standing in front of you.  Very unprofessional.  I will say I liked the gyro with fries.  It was packed with a lot of meat and toppings.  We really could have split it easily.  Unfortunately that is where my enjoyment ended.  My husband and I both did not feel well shortly after our meal.  I can't necessarily point fingers and blame the restaurant.  I certainly can say I wont rush back to test it again.
5	I still love this place...I want to provide an update because the owner is always so friendly. She makes you feel like you are a guest at her home. I want to eat here every other day!
5	Probably the best Greek spot I have ever had hands down and the family that owns it is the nicest ever. Gyros and spanakopita is a must and they're baklava omg!!!
5	If you enjoy great food, then this restaurant is perfect! Everything about it is very Greek.  The staff is Greek - the tzatziki sauce, the baklava, the atmosphere - it's all bursting with Greek and that is why it's our number one Greek place!!
5	Started the day off by doing some charity work for kids!! Those of you that do that sort of thing know how much of an appetite it can work up! So we wanted to follow up with some good quality food. That's exactly what this restaurant offers! The Gyro and Fries were especially satisfying. Filled with meat and flavorful toppings, this was obviously the way to go. The fries that go along with it could be a dish that you could have by itself. It had unique herbs and spices to send your taste buds rolling. The pita bread at this place is just unreal, so soft and warm, it just compliments the food so well. The service was amazing. They treated all of their customers like family. It's definitely one of those places where they remember their frequent customers. My experience here was absolutely exquusite, can't wait to come back ^^ !!!
4	The owner is so sweet she makes you feel like you're in her home! Best gyro in Vegas so far!! Everything I've tried has been delicious!
5	Hand down BEST GREEK FOOD IN TOWN!! I love this place every time I go in there they are so friendly very authentic place love love love
5	Love this place. The food is amazing and the owners are truly wonderful people. As long as they are there we won't go anywhere else!!!!
5	UN-BELIEVABLE!!!  It's like fresh out of Mama Greece's kitchen! Service is outstanding; warm & friendly. And the food? I'm not sure there are words in the English language to describe how amazingly delicious this was!!!! Can't wait to come back! :) Thank you!
5	The only greek food place I go to! The best gyros and hummus I've ever had. Highly recommend this place. Family run and operated. Doesn't get any better!
4	It's just. not. fair! Why does Henderson, on the other side of Vegas from me, have all the best Greek places? There's Great Greek, and Stephano's, and Yalla, and now I discover you even have Greek Bistro (hard though it was to find). Not fair!Food here is perfect. They have three salads, several wraps and plates, and a variety of desserts and apps. Despite the casual setting, there is table-service. Love the wall-sized photo of Greece and the blue-and-white decor scheme.The gyros salad is my favorite purchase, topped with tomatoes, feta, and a ton (perhaps a bit too much, best asked for on the side) of delicious tzatziki sauce, as well as a generous amount of gyros meat. Their gyro wraps are also delightful, with fresh and pillowy pita and a giant portion size. Their fries are spectacular, whether or not you order them Greek style and add feta. Pricing is fair for the portions (about $10/person) and quality, service is friendly, and basically everything on their menu is to die for.
5	My all time fav and new weekly craving is the chicken gyro with fries. Best fries in THE world! When I'm in the mood for salad I go with the chicken gyro salad. Been to other Greek places but never as good as Greek Bistro!
5	This is a definite stop for us when in the area of Galleria Mall. My favorite place for a tasty gyro,  my choice being the chicken which is perfectly grilled breast. Love the fries and the salad is amazing, dressing very good. Their souvlaki is the best I've ever had and traditional Greek fare is always complimented by others I bring here from out of town. Try their falafel, you'll not be disappointed, seasonings are perfect. If you have some room and a sweet tooth, the desserts are surprisingly delicious. Something here for everyone wanting Mediterranean fare. Nazik is always friendly and we look forward to seeing her after our drive from Boulder City.
5	Found this place on Christmas Eve since every place we originally planned on eating closed shortly after lunch. My boyfriend and I were pleased we stumbled upon this Greek Bistro since we acquired a taste for Greek back in Reno. We were quite sad we'd be leaving the family owned place since we ate there often, but were hopeful when we enjoyed the dishes here. This will definitely be our go to when we get a craving. We tried the falafel appetizer, delicious, and thekeftedakia kabob, also delicious! The service was also a pleasant experience. Can't wait to go back and try their Gyro.
5	Food was tasty and the lamb especially tender and yummy! The place is clean and tidy and located in a convenient place with ample parking. The food server was very attentive and checked on us often.
5	This place is amazing!!! It was so delicious and so filling. I got the traditional gyro with a salad. Perfection! Can't wait to go back.
