5	I was totally new to the ecig world, and the owners of Butt Out went to great lengths to make sure I had the right equipment and knew exactly how to use it. The environment of the shop is very inviting and they always encourage you to hang out. I haven't had any experience with other ecig stores, but it's not hard to see that these guys are doing it right and really care about the customers.
5	Found this place by accident the other day and glad I did! Amazing selection of delicious liquids and gear for vaping. Gotta try the house blends too, Erin's OG  Explosion is my favorite all day vape
2	My friends told me about this place so I checked it out. They did not hv much to choose from for starter kits the staff was not helpful they didn't explain anything about there product & were no help with liquids either. My friends explained more about the do's & don't of the product & the diff flavors then the employee's.
5	I was using V2 brand ecigs for awhile and enjoyed vaping, and have nothing bad to say about that brand (it's great for beginners, in my opinion), but I kept going back to my cigarettes. So, I decided I may need to upgrade and after some searching for a local shop, I found this place. It's a bit of a drive for me, but after my first visit, I felt it was worth it for the convenience and the excellent customer service I received.I walked in and was greeted warmly by the owner and explained to him I was looking to upgrade to something better than what I had. I purchased two eGo-T kits, and after doing extensive research online, I've found his kits are very well priced and competitive with what you can get online, except at Butt Out, you get to walk out with your new kit in hand. I received a battery, a usb charger cable, and a clearomizer with a bottle of liquid with each kit. He showed me how they work, let me sample a bunch of flavors and even stayed a bit past closing time to make sure I was satisfied. I liked this place so much, I went back and bought an eGo-C Twist kit the next week and purchased a kit for a coworker. I have been referring all my ecig using friends to this place, and will continue to do so. Their customer service, price, and selection is top notch. If you are looking for a place to buy locally, look no further. You will get what you want and they are also very knowledgable if you are new to vaping.And also, thanks to Butt Out helping me get a good setup, I am three weeks cigarette free. Five stars all the way.
5	When I first visited this shop back in December of 2012, I was blown away by the staff, the product selection and the laid back atmosphere.  The owner, Matt, has since become a good friend.  He's not pushy at all, he let me make decsions on my own with some of his expert advice.  I was looking to give up smoking cigarettes and since my first visit to Butt Out, I haven't smoked a cigarette in over 3 months.  They have a huge selection of flavored juices to select from and they'll even custom make a flavor for you. I have recommended this place to all of my friends and will continue to do so.
5	Only place in AZ that carries the Totally Wicked brand. Awesome place!
5	I went here yesterday to pick up some e liquid, and boy was there a selection. I love my 50/50 pg vg I bought there! The guys there were very nice and had answers to all my questions!
5	Guys that work there are very easy going, Matt very knowledgeable about his products.  Have told the roommates about this place and they are passing the message to their coworkers who are planning on going there now.
5	Matt & Company will help you with everything you could possibly need to get started.  They're a great bunch of guys, despite their musical tastes (REALLY hard metal band stuff) and they're very knowledgeable. I keep going back to try different flavors and when I was in there yesterday, a couple senior ladies were getting started, too... It doesn't cost a lot to start (I got out of there with the whole set up for the cost of a carton of cigarettes) and I just completed my first week of no cigarettes in 35 years!
5	Wow! Just got back from my first trip down to Butt Out and what a great experience I had.  I have been to the other e-cig shops in the valley (no names) but never felt that great about my overall experience.  Let me tell you firsthand-- Matt and Gavin at Butt Out are great and very knowledgeable.  They have everything from simple starter kits to knowledge and supplies to help with rebuildable attys.  I was very impressed to say the least.  Not only do they have a good selection, but they are VERY friendly.  When going to the other shops I was in and out in 5 minutes got what I needed, and went.  Here at Butt Out I literally sent 2 hours there talking with the people there. A great juice selection too that apparently will only get bigger once they ope up their own mixing lab... Its probably a good thing I live 30 minutes away because I would be there every day spending money. Go check this place out--
5	They're staying late so my hubby can pick up some juice for me!!!  They are the BEST!!!   Infinite flavors!!!  Oh, yeah!
3	Today was my first time going to Butt Out. I had a good experience (though I can tell the 7th street "scene" is really hooked on that place. I'm just not that "cool" so I felt a little out of place among other patrons.) I ended up leaving with a "starter kit" of sorts and 2 different flavors (PCP and Da Brock) for just under $70. The biggest downside was the wait and the noisy young customers...
5	Butt Out is deffinetly the best local E-Cig shop around.  Matt is a great guy and friendly to people.  I come here for the best e-liquid and what's nice is they let you sample them.  I really love the JVapes eliquid and hope they will keep it.  They are starting to sell their own batch and I decided to give it a try.  If you are looking to quit smoking come and get set up at this place.
5	If I could give this place 10 Stars...I would! I travel all the way from Buckeye a couple times a week to visit Butt Out. It is well worth the drive to receive quality customer service, great liquid, and a totally awesome atmosphere! The staff here always makes you feel comfortable and never rushes you. It's NEVER about them getting a "Sale", its about them getting what you need no matter how long it takes or how many liquids you sample. When I first started Vaping, I was really nervous coming into the shop,  thought I wasn't going to understand and feel awkward, the staff put an end to that feeling real quick and now I'm a regular customer! I see new comers walk in and look nervous like I did, they always leave with a smile and I'm sure they will be regulars moving forward. My advice is...go to Butt Out for all your Vaping needs, they're AWESOME!!!
3	This place has become a second home, and feels like family.
5	Matt and the guys run a great shop. A little out of the way for me in west Phoenix but totally worth the drive. Curently vaping their Melon Cholly and am in love with it. May have found the elusive daily vape with their Trippy Skipper blend though. Wow, just wow. Do yourself a favor and check this place out. Whether you are currently a cigarette smoker looking to quit or a veteran vapor looking for good tech and a superb juice bar, you have found your new home.
5	This place rocks!I've been a pack of day smoker for over 20 years, and a few weeks ago I was doing some research on e-cigarettes to help me quit, or at least find a safer alternative.My friend Tom told me about this place, so I went. They were super helpful, set me up with a starter kit and e-juice (the fluid that goes into the vaporizer). They were knowledgeable and friendly and took the time to explain to me how to use the equipment they sold me. Out the door for the price of a carton of cigarettes.I went back the following week for more e-juice (in a different flavor) and I'm happy to say that although I haven't completely quite smoking regular cigarettes (they call those "analogs", hilarious), I'm on my way.I currently smoke only two in the morning, and when this pack is done, I'm done.  This isn't supposed to be a review of e-cigs, it's supposed to be about Butt Out.Simply, they ROCK.
5	From the first time I rolled into Butt Out I felt welcomed and that Matt and crew truly cared that I got what worked best for me and not what made them the most money. Matt the owner spent time with me making sure I could use the hardware, explaining how it all worked, and letting me sample their large selection of juices to make sure I was happy.Whether you're making a quick stop to stock up or you're hanging out in the lounge for a while talking and making friends you'll feel welcome and be treated like a true friend, not just a customer.I cannot recommend Butt Out enough.
5	I've been going to Butt Out  for a while now. I am happy to drive from Tatum & Bell to see these guys. I am always greeted warmly. The massive amount of 'juice' innovations behind the bar is staggering and may even be a little bit intimidating, until one of the employees asks a few questions and services up the perfect juice. Butt Out has good tech with in-house help. They have juice both from Indigo Vapor as well as 'house' juices, all of top quality. Free specialty coffee at the front and couches in the lounging area in the back next to the purified water. I have always enjoyed my get aways to Butt Out. I have referred a handful of friends and co-workers and all of them are very happy customers. Thank you Matt!
5	I had a buddy bring me here not too long ago. He said they'd have everything I needed to get a nice vaping setup. He wasn't lying. I walked in an was greeted instantly by Matt. I got a much needed larger tank that works amazingly and a couple different bottles of juice. If you haven't tried "Bad Mother Pucker" you're missing out. I love out in Surprise and made the drive out there again today this time with my wife so she could try one of the tons of different flavors they have to offer.  She loved the place too and I'm sure we'll be back again soon. Every other smoke shop I've been in has a small over priced selection of "Ecigs" I'm happy to finally have a store dedicated fully to vaping. Thanks to all the guys at Butt Out. You've made customers for life and I'm already spreading the word.
5	I'm am in love with this stuff!!! I haven't even had this thing for 4 hrs and hate my Marlboro's already. I should be smoke free in no time!
5	We learned about Butt Out from searching online for local shops.  Its now become one of our weekly stops.  Even if we don't have something in mind to buy we stop in because you never know what flavors you will have a chance to try out.  The Owner is awesome and is usually in meeting people and making friends.  It can be a bit intimidating if its your first time because it pretty much stays packed but just walk up to the counter and start trying out flavors!  You wont be disappointed!
5	Butt Out is amazing! Andrew was awesome and so nice! They have everything you need to start vaping or to continue vaping! You are not rushed to make a decision. I actually felt like they would not mind if we sat there and tested their juices all day. Their juices are delicious! I have been vaping for about a year and a half and had become a little bored with it. Andrew and Matt got me excited about it again! I got their banana nut bread, Lucy in the Sky and Nutella (sans the calories). All delicious! These guys are very genuine and are happy to help with any questions you may have. The only complaint I have is that they do not have 'Butt Out' in Atlanta! :( I am sure I will be making internet orders from them soon. I want to give them ALL my vaping allowance! I highly recommend going to see them if you are in Phoenix!
5	Been to a lot of vape shops in the Valley and Butt Out is by far the best! It is a small shop that's not as slick as others are, but the proprietors and staff make it special. They're knowledgeable, friendly and never pressure the upsell. Also, Gavin is an amazing mixologist that produces juices that are simply incredible!
5	Super helpful and nice. I had no idea what I wanted or what I was looking for. Someone helped me pick a good flavor for 30 or so minutes. I hear that organic juice exists for the vapes, and if it does, I hope they carry it. I enjoy getting my products there.
5	Matt is a really great guy, and I love this place.
5	All the positive reviews were right on the mark. Matt the owner was really terrific and spent the time with me to explain everything and helping me get exactly what I needed - it wasn't about selling it was truly all about me the customer. I felt very welcomed and will definitely be a repeat customer. I highly recommend them.
5	Matt and the Butt Out crew are extremely chill and knowledgeable of the products they sell and in electronic cigarettes in general.  They carry a "butt" load (pun intended) of flavors and the majority of them are their in house blends (my all time favorite flavor is their Melon Mashup).  They have equipment from starter kits to mods for more experienced vapers.  The place can seem hectic at times which only shows how good their products are and what people think of them.  Seriously, would you go to a restaurant where it's completely empty aside for the people working there?  More importantly, they stand behind the products they sell and their customer service after the purchase is the best.  They literally treat you as if you were their buddy.  Check them out.  And BTW Game night Tuesdays are the best!!!
4	I am new to vaping and found this place on Yelp so I stopped in today after reading the good reviews from my fellow Yelpers!I was greated and treated very well. The guys were very nice and explained a lot of things to me and didn't make me feel like an idiot as they probably could have done. They have a huge selection on juices and they gave me a wide variety to try as well as letting me choice from their menu. I will def be returning to this place :)
5	How can you ask for more....When you walk in you are greeted immediately, questioned on why and what you are looking to accomplish. Never try and get the "up sell", they just want to make you happy and satisfied with your purchase.
4	I've been vaping for a while now and been to more of the notable shops in the valley. These guys at Butt Out have been the most hospitable!  Very knowledgeable and friendly staff. They have a great selection of Juice, though they can be better organized  at the "bar" as they were hard to find after finding your flavor on the "menu".  Seemed to have a decent selection of products for the person starting up, but not as much for the seasoned crowd.  Highly recommended nonetheless!
5	As an avid vaping enthusiast, I have made my way around the city checking out a good many of the vape shops in Phoenix. I started vaping after sampling a friend of mine's eGo set up, I thought, heck I'll give this a shot. I had previously tried disposables like Blu and junk like that, which never came remotely close to replacing the need to smoke. I had been an off an on smoker since I was a teenager, and even went through cases of the nicorette gum which never curbed the craving. So I ordered an eGo starter kit online, and some e-juices. After getting a few multiple flavor sampler packs, most of which were terrible, I thought I would start checking out some local shops. As with most things, I can say there are pros and cons at each place. Some have sub-standard products, some the customer service lacks, some look like a front for some other more subversive type commerce. So, then I run into a fellow vaper and proprietor of Butt Out, Matt. He invited me to stop into the shop sometime. In the next week, I headed down to to Butt Out, and when I walked in, I was immediately greeted by Matt, welcomed to the shop, and invited to have a seat and try some juices! I was introduced to the staff, and some other customers, and we ended up hanging out for a while, chatting, learning about vaping, sampling as many juices as your taste buds can handle, with no pressure to shell out your hard earned dollars, unless of course, you fall in love with a new piece of hardware, tank, mod, or incredible tasting juice! I can honestly share, this little shop is a rare gem. All pros, no cons. Whatever you need, they've got it. They're informative, friendly, educational, and only provide the best quality products with the latest technology that is currently out there. They also stand behind what they sell, unlike most places who wont warrantee even a brand new clearo. The members of the Butt Out team all share a singular passion, help people vape, get stuff they'll like, at a great price, and ensure everyone who comes through their door leaves happy with their new gear! Nothings sums up Butt Out better than the NUMBER ONE vape shop in Arizona, probably in the world! A place where you can come, learn about vaping, from beginner set ups to advanced high end sub-ohm drippers, meet new like minded friends, and just hang out in a "you're at home here" atmosphere, grab an energy drink or some H2O, and look forward to coming back to get the new flavor of the week! I just picked up the new Sweet Dreams today, and I've rocked through a whole BCC tankful already! Thanks Butt Out!
5	Best juice in the valley is what I have to say. The staff is always super friendly and overly knowledgeable. I Have been buying from Butt Out for the last several months and have never had a bad experience with them. This is not a shop that wants you to be in and then out. They encourage patrons to hang out and meet other like minded people. The atmosphere there is always amazing. Do yourself a favor an treat yourself to a whole new vaping experience you wont regret it.
5	While traveling, the husband and I decided we wanted to pick up some supplies as well as see what Phoenix had to offer in the way of brick and mortar ecig shops. I read a bunch of reviews and found Butt Out, and conveniently it happened to be close to where we were staying. We stopped in on our way out of town on a road trip, and Andrew quickly greeted us, asked our names, and encouraged us to sample lots of flavors. He helped my husband with tanks (they have quite a few!), we talked a lot about mech mods (they sell these too!), and after we selected some new juices and tanks, he even threw in a free bottle of Eternal Sunshine, a flavor he said is their best-seller and a must-try. I have to say, I am deeply impressed with this shop's selection, staff, and service. If I lived in Phoenix, I'd be here quite often; as it is, whenever I come back to town - a couple times a year - I will definitely be dropping by to pick up new supplies and see how the business is going. These guys are great.If I had one complaint, it's not about Butt Out - the neighboring business, a corner store, dominates the parking here, and when I parked in a spot *not* labeled '15 minutes only', a guy ran out from the corner store to yell at me that I had better not be longer than 15 minutes. The lot was pretty full, and so I moved to park in front of a dumpster that I wasn't sure was a spot, and it turned out fine, but be warned: the corner store guy is watching you and seems like he won't hesitate to tow...
5	Awesome awesome awesome.  Very friendly, helpful, and welcoming to anyone walking through the door.  They have the largest selection of juice of any shop I have been to (and I went to several before I found them) and allow you to taste as many as you would like before making a purchase.  Their prices are lower than any other shop and they are the ONLY one that will EXCHANGE a DEFECTIVE unit.  They also have a loyalty system which rewards me with points I can use to get free juice!!!! On top of all of this, I have never walked out of this shop without the owner (Matt?) asking me if all of my needs had been met! The only negative of this business is the lack of parking but it is rarely an issue.  If you like Code Red Mt. Dew, try the Red Dude!!!!
4	I don't usually update my reviews, but after my visit today I thought I would share my newest experience...Dropped in today to get some help with a new cartomizer I got in a vap shop in cali that I was having issues with. I was the first customer of the day and they greeted me as so (very cool). Think it was the owner  that stated he just got back from cali visiting a few vap shops, so we chit chatted and Ben tried to help me out. After a lil bit of talkin and I expressed my dislike of my new purchase and they tried to hook me up with a new tank that was compatiable to my battery. I expressed my likes of customizing the tips so, they showed me a tank that would totally work :) I sampled a few more juices and got me one. Ben filled the tank and had to try it out ot make sure I was good to go. It was my 2nd visit and glad I returned, the guys are way friendly and helpful. And they have an awesome selection of juices they make in house. Don't let my 4 star fool u this place is great and worth a visit for sure,  I am just a Yelper that only give 5 stars to over the top, blow ur socks of places. I just keep kicking myself that I keep forgetting to by the Yelp voucher deal before I go it, but ohh well maybe I will remember next time ;)
5	Nice place, very helpful staff. Under 80 bucks and you are up and running. cant beat that. I would recommend them if you live anywhere near downtown phoenix.
5	I've been going to these guys for over a year now and now after exploring many of the other E Cig stores in town I can say with confidence, they are the best!  They have great flavors, huge selection of liquids and e cigs, they are VERY knowledgeable, they have awesome deals for there frequent customers, and they treat you like family!  They now have a few different locations around the valley as well!  They are amazing!  I drive WAY out of my way to go to there store instead of the store right down the street from me.  Shop there, you'll love them!  One suggestion, they get really busy during certain times of the day, try to go when they aren't to busy so you can have the REAL Butt Out experience, and not the busy one  =)
5	Matt and the guys at Butt Out are awesome! Very welcoming and a great place to hang out!. I didn't really need anything, but had heard good things so I had to check out this shop. While I was there, they had me trying all sorts of great flavors which is always fun! They have a small lounge area to sit and vape as well as a nice sized e-juice bar. While you are there you have to check out their mods. They have a good selection of gear, and while they didn't have the coils that I use, that didn't take away from their 5-star rating. Prices are of course higher than Internet prices, but are very fair for a brick and mortar store. The clincher for the 5-star rating was that while I was there, a woman came in to get a refund. She had tried vaping after purchasing a starter kit from Matt. Three days later, she was experiencing a tight chest and throat with some gagging. (Likely a reaction to PG) The employee who greeted her talked with her for a few minutes and then decided he should get Matt involved. (Good move) Matt came over and talked with her for a few minutes. After assessing the situation, Matt decided to give her a complete refund. He advised her to not give up on her quest to quit analog cigarettes and thanked her for her business. BRAVO Matt! You should know that these kits (as well as most vaping gear) come from China. Suppliers typically do not allow returns, as they cannot return them to Chinese wholesalers. Matt of course knows this and decided to do the right thing by this woman by refunding her money for a product she obviously couldn't use. Don't expect him to always be able to do this, but the fact that he did what he could to help her speaks volumes about his character and integrity! In addition to being a friendly, professional shop, they gave me a stack of cards to hand out, giving me the opportunity to earn a free 15ml bottle by referring new customers. These guys have earned my business!
5	I cannot provide the appropriate verbiage to express my joy of having the opportunity to conduct business with buttout....They know exactly what they offer, will answer any question that you might have, no matter how stupid it might seem. Then it pricing and customer service, having managed sales, I wish I could have had half of what they do.....Five stars for sure
5	What can I say that hasn't been said in the previous reviews? They kick ass! I have recently quit cigarettes and have been visiting vape shops around Phoenix since I am using the E-cig. This is the single best shop I have been to. They take the time to answer even the silliest of questions. They showed me around and educated me on the options i have. They had a sweet deal on YELP and when my coworker goes in today to spend some cash, I will get a free bottle of E-liquid...this will be the only place I do business with when it comes to E-cigs etc.
5	This place is great. Prices are a bit higher here than anywhere else but the great customer service makes up for it. the guys are great and they can help you really get into it. The owner is enthusiastic and you can tell he loves his customers.
5	Found this shop during my visit to Phoenix, and it was very chill. Everyone that worked there was super nice, informative, and they have wicked good house flavors. Caleb (so sorry if I spelled your name wrong :P) helped me out at the shop while I was there and he was very helpful :) . I will be coming back here to vape more and play board games next time I'm in Phoenix with my friends! Y'all rock!
5	Very awesome place. Best cape store I've been to. Very friendly and chill environment, good blends and lots of educational help on products and use. Will be going back for sure, been there a few times already!
5	Best juices anywhere. Nicest crew anywhere. Always friendly and always fast and they are always busy.
5	Butt Out is by far the best vape store we found in Phoenix so far. The staff is friendly and welcoming and are very knowledgable about their products and vaping in general.They have a nice selection of products and some of the best tasting, high quality juices I've ever tasted. The store is comfortable and lounge-like. Cool, funky wall mural and art work.
5	Superb E-Liquids at highly competitive prices. I have gotten Lucy in the Sky and Melon Collie. Both were absolutely delicious!! I now make my own e-liquid but I can't even compare to their tastes. Composing e-liquid tastes is surely a craft and these people know what they are doing!
5	The staff is always awesome. I love their liquids. I recommend trying Eternal Sunshine. Still my all time favorite from all of the shops liquids I've tried. Also, they have a rewards program...seriously, if you haven't been here to try their stuff, go.
5	I purchased liquid at another store that had a funky after taste and thought it might be the particular brand so I yelped vap shops and read about Butt Out, their vap bar and they specialize in mixing. What a difference! All I can say is, thank you and I'll be back in a couple of weeks!
5	I'm visiting family in Phx. Needed more juice found this vape shop. The guys were super awesome.  Love the liquid they make. Very knowledgeable. Before I leave state going back to buy more juice for my long road trip. Would totally recommend this place! !
5	I'm new to the whole Vape thing but the staff I've met so far has been nothing but helpful. Butt Out came highly recommended and they did not disappoint. Great Juice and equipment choices.
5	It's busy here, for good reason. Come when they first open for promptest service. The staff is knowledgeable and helped me picked out my first eCig device!If you're looking for a helpful staff and a lot of flavor choices, this is the place to come.
5	Best vape shop in town Matt is awesome and very helpful  I don't live that close but well worth the drive
5	Went in there for first time yesterday. Matt is very helpful gave me some great recommendations. The staff was friendly and nice casual environment.
5	Ok, so I never write reviews unless a business is truly horrible or truly spectacular. This business is the latter. These guys are both supportive in my quest to quit smoking and very knowledgeable. Ben knew every aspect of the E-cigarette explained to me how everything worked as well as the best Mg of nicotine I needed as well as the correct setup for me. They let me sit there for an hour, answer every question, and taste whatever flavor juice I wanted. In the end they hooked me up with everything I needed. The prices were fair and even after I broke mine with the first few hours they replaced my part free of charge.
5	My expectations were based on every other smoke shop I've been into. This place is not a smoke shop. They are dedicated to their craft. Their hand-crafted house flavors are made right here in the Valley. I simply told Ben I was looking to buy my first vaporizer, and away we went! They have all of their flavors available to try. Ben answered every question I had and knew everything there was to know about vaping. I can't wait to go back and pick out some more flavors!
5	By far the best Vape Shop around.. Hands down. Was in today and was once again blown away by the amazing work these guys do. Their customer service and knowledge of the industry is absolutely unbeatable. Shop owner Matt makes a personal connection with every single person that walks through the door. Ben Denny is a master sensei at his craft and can help you from the basics of your first setup to more technical questions and rebuildable mods. Out of the numerous shops I've been to, the juice at Butt Out is the BEST and most unique that I've tasted. Well worth the 45 minute drive for me. Wouldn't go anywhere else.-Dan
5	Everyone that works there is crazy knowledgeable and their passion for the business shows in the products and service they provide. And then there are the juices - the juices are simply spectacular.  Stop in, check out the gadgets, try some of the juices, and say hi to Matt. If it's a Sunday, say hi to Caleb, too. If you're trying to stop smoking combustible/analog cigarettes, go there now. After you've been vaping for a day or two, you'll wonder why you ever smoked.
5	Came into ButtOut for a coil. Spent about two hours learning from these guys who really know the business. The most knowledgeable and friendly staff if have encountered period. I was welcomed in by every member of the staff, they all had smiles on their faces and all of them bent over backwards to help me understand everything to do with vaping.Money bags tyler also helped out to explain the diffrences with all qualities of juice. I would recommend this shop to anyone thinking about vaping! Its been 8 months with no cigarettes ALL thanks to ButtOut and the crew!
5	Quick review to say that this is the shop of Downtown. Came in during a lunch brake and sat down for about an hour with Ben. He went over all there is to know about getting into Vaping and the different Mods, Batteries, and tanks. Their juice collection and fact they have an actually bar to taste and sample sets this place apart. Check them out for sure if you want to learn what this is all about or if you want to just grab a new flavor.
5	The #1 shop in the valley!  Great juice, great hardware and over the top customer service and satisfaction!  Most shops in the valley are all carbon copies of each other. THIS SHOP IS LIKE NO OTHER!!  Your greeted as soon as you walk in, and within a minute you feel like your part of a family.  Whether your a vape hobbyist, or a smoker trying to better your life, your treated the same. BUTT OUT is even fun to go to if your not a vaper.  If your in the market of getting taken advantage of,  keep shopping else's where,  if you want value and an 90 days guarantee Butt Out is the only place for you!
5	Dec 25 = 5 months of me being a non-smoker, so let's call it what it is - my docs and surgeon consider me a non-smoker and so do I - I'll not ever smoke again. I've been back to see these guys a lot. Love them.  Love their stuff.  Love the vibe in the shop.  And you seriously need to buy the Friend or Faux Strawberry Milkshake juice - it's amazing - Matt handed me his iStick/Nautilus combo (which they now sell - best kit available for newbie or anyone else, unless you consider yourself a hobbyist vaper and only drip and use unregulated mods - if so, then nevermind :) even though they're perfect for driving and we all know you shouldn't be dripping and driving. Overly effusive? Perhaps. But I mean it, because they're that awesome.
5	Alex and Ben are AMAZING!!!!!!!!!! Very helpful and understanding got a MVP from them and Ben sat with me and explained everything to me that I needed to know. Alex also helped my husband purchase and set up his new re build able one. the flavors are great our fav is M.S.G they are the best place in phx!!! I will not be going anywhere but here
5	In the year that I have been vaping I have had my fair share of shops who don't care. Butt Out is nothing like that, they care about you and take the time to help you (no matter how long you take.) If you are like me and are not technically savvy enough to build your own mod come here and talk to Ben, he will explain everything to you in detail to help you start your new hobby. He is by far the kindest and most helpful person I have ever come into contact with at any retail store. Even their owner was beyond friendly, I was greeted with a hello and a handshake; something no other owner has never taken the time to do for me. Their juices are the best I have ever had, with the best selection found in-store. They really are the best place to go to for quality and customer service in Arizona (if not everywhere.)
5	Never met cooler people in my life. Butt out is such a fantastic vape shop and the customer service is always outstanding. Everyone who works there knows so much about e cigs and will give you quality time teaching you anything you want to know about them. From beginners to advanced mods, Butt Out is the best place you will find. Ben Denny, Matt Berger, Andrew and Brice are some of the most down to earth, friendliest people I've met in a long time. You won't find anything better.
5	My first and only experience with vaping was with the Blu E-Cig.  It was underwhelming; the battery and cartridges didn't seem to last long.  That was about a year ago and more or less I wrote off e-cigs as something that could never replace my Black Djarum cloves.  My partner was a smoker and took up vaping before we ever met.  He's been encouraging me to give it a try and took me to Butt Out. First, the guys in here were super personable.  I felt really comfortable and had a lot of fun chatting, joking, and trying the different flavors.  Caleb really knew his stuff and once I picked out a battery (itazte vv), he took the time to explain how to use it and what the different functions were.  I walked out of that store thinking, "I'd totally be friends with those people."Second, the stuff.  The products are wayyyyyyy better that my initial Blu E-Cig.  I'm really enjoying my purchases and the flavors are soooooo yummy.  They even have a flavor similar to my current smokes, Black Djarum cloves.  Pretty happy so far.  While I don't yet know if this will reduce my tobacco use long-term, I'm hopeful and enthusiastic.
4	I've been going to Butt Out since I started vaping,  as you might know, if a business has returning customers, there is always a good reason for that.  In the case of butt out this is true. Matt and his guys are awesome. They are friendly, helpful, knowledgeable and the fact that their eliquid is delicious  doesn't hurt either. I would definitely recommend checking them out
5	I have been recently searching for incense to cover up the smell of my dead mothe...I mean rodent problem at my small hotel. The voice told me to kill the young man behind the counter but the beautiful smells his incense pen made soothed the sounds of her voice. Her hounding, maniacal voice. I dont want to hurt anyone mom! Stop screaming at me! I left with multiple juices and a tank to hold them at a great price. They didnt even judge the flower dress I wore though they did give the knife I was holding second looks. The hotel smells amazing. I must go now, I need to check a shower running in one of my hotel rooms.
5	Took the leap 16 days ago to drop the cigarettes and vape exclusively.  The vaporizer I bought here had been a godsend and works flawlessly.  I took a gander at Butt Out on Mill Ave and got the same great service.  Also picked up a new clearomizer (Aspire Nautilus Mini...fantastic!) and a couple new juices.  In my opinion, the best part about this store is how comfortable it is to ask questions.  The folks here know their stuff and they are patient teachers.  I'm actually starting to enjoy this as a hobby now.
5	Butt-Out is by far the best Vape shop I've been. They are very cool and help by answering any dumb question I may ask, There "Eternal Sunshine" is the best juice I've ever tried. Try em, you won't be disappointed.PS: I haven't touched a cigarette in 45 days, 25 year X-smoker here.
5	A bit nervous going in and being a newbie (their all going to laugh at you!).  However, it was easy, educational, and definitely extremely helpful.  I was able to try different flavors, with a different units, no pushy sales pitch - all in a laid back environment.  Also a gay friendly, local business which I definitely am a fan of.  I'll definitely be going back.
5	"...Honor to whom honor is due..."   A couple of days ago I wrote a complaint and gave a bad review to Butt Out for the bad experience I had with an order I made on their website and also that I received no response to the message that I sent to them about it.Well today I come to update my review because you have to recognize when someone does the right thing and takes responsibility for the mistake that was made. Yesterday I was contacted personally by Matt, the owner of Butt Out, who kindly offered me an apology for the bad experience, asked me to give him details of what happened and told me that he would do everything to resolve the issue immediately in the best way possible.After explaining what happened, Matt promised me to find out what went wrong with my order, apologized repeatedly for neglecting my facebook message and also went further and offered me an immediate reward for what happened. What did he do, you ask? Amaze me! that's what he did. He not only upgrade my order to the double of what I originally ordered but also he personally brought it to my house!!! and the best part It is not said yet... he gave me an eleaf istick mod with an aspire nautilus tank!  Feliz Navidad to me!!!That's what I call excellent customer service! And of course with that kind of attention I had to come here to tell it, acknowledge it and thank him. I'm completely satisfied with how he resolved this issue, his professionalism and the kind of person he is.  I know my mistake as costumer was perhaps that I did not contacted him/them directly by phone before disputing the charge with my bank (I am not a phone calls person) but definitely the moral of this story is that when you have a similar problem with any business, call them, because sometimes the messages get lost among other messages the business get (spam) as it was in my case.Thank you very much Matt / Butt Out, you ROCK!Miriam *.~
5	Love Butt Out! Every time I am there, Ben is nothing but a chivalrous gentleman.  We are bros now! Some of my fellow customers are a hot mess though....................
5	I been here a few times now and I love this place. Everyone is nice and cool, they help inform you on things you need to know, the flavors are amazing, they care to know about you and treat you like family. I brought my rsst in and Alex helped my set it up and gave me hints and tricks on how it works. Been here three times this week already lol. Love this place and will keep coming back. I go there just to hang out sometimes that is how cool it is. ^_^
