3	Does Vegas need another steakhouse?In a word.....Vegas needs another steakhouse like it needs another Sugar Factory!(Ok, that was 10 words.)Especially at the prices they're charging at this place!Everything from the steaks ($56 for a 26 oz bone-in ribeye!) and the sides (all $12, even the duck fat fries!) are obscenely overpriced....(damn you, casino-revenue-sharing!)The meat (imported from New York so it must be really good, right?) is no better than Mastro's, Prime, Carnevino (also obscenely overpriced!!!), Joe's or Envy.The wine list is good, but not spectacular.The service is slightly better than adequate.The bread-basket is ok, but ordinary: (hey look! it's pretzel bread! Wow.)The decor is cliche New York club-style...(close your eyes and poof! you're at PJ Clarkes!)There are better choices at better prices all over town, so I won't be returning anytime soon.But the place was packed...so I have to assume it's either captive hotel-guests who didn't want to leave the premises...or a bunch of people partyin' before the Mayan apocalypse.By the way, I passed on the $12 desserts....went to the Sugar Factory.
5	I was lucky enough to go to Old Homestead with 4 friends.  They were all residents of las Vegas, I was the lone Californian.  But let me tell you, we were all impressed .  The deco was elegant, but  understated, so it let the food really shine.  The lobster bisque should not be missed.  This was stellar--creamy and to die for.  The calamari, one dish I always order, was some of the best I've ever has.  No, correct that, it was the best I' ve ever had.  The lobster had 2 of the biggest claws I ever seen.  The tail was juicy and so flavorful.  But, I love crab, and king crab is my fav.  This did not disappoint.  It was so good, we fought over it.  And surprisingly, the hamburger was excellant.  This was the one item we sent back since it was too rare for some of us.  Some of the other people call us wimps.  At any rate, we all loved the burger which was made of ground rib eye steak.  WOW.  I've had 50/50, sirloin and bacon, but this burger blew them all away.  Which brings me to my favorite. The bone-in rib eye.  One of the big-wigs from the Old Homestead came to our table as I was trying to decide.  He suggested the lower cost rough cut, 30 oz of prime ribeye. The seasoning and sear on the outside of the steak was perfect.  The spices enhanced the flavor of the steak.  Every bite melted in my mouth. My husband and I are snobs about our rib eye steaks.  I would order this again in a heart-beat.  It was the best bone-in ribeye I've ever had. Yum.  Yum.Now for dessert.  The cookie, served warm, with chocolate rolled vanilla ice cream was my favorite.  After all I tasted and ate, the cookie stood out as a high - light.  Save a little room for this delightfully dessert.Go back to old Homestead--in a heartbeat.  I would be proud to have any of my friends and family join me.  Don' make a mistake and miss out on this opportunity to eat some great food.
4	Lets get the negative out of the way and tell you that the waiter forgot to take some of our orders during the meal. He skipped me for the appetizer,  one of friends during the entree and another one of my firends during dessert. They also forgot to bring out one of the sides dishes we had ordered. Now for the positive:Bread basket was very tasty, try the bacon cheese roll, it was FANTASTICThe Lobster Bisque was the best I've ever had. The Basil salad was okay but nothing to rave about. The seafood platter was wonderful and very filling.The Gotham Rib was cooked perfectly and the truffle butter gave the steak that extra flavor to kick it up.The truffle mac and cheese and mash were very tasty as well. The dessert was very yummy but the banana bread pudding was my fav. Overall the food was very yummy. The portions were a good size and I would def recommend if anyone asks. The place only opened a little over a month and I assume the service will get better with time. They were very busy and maybe it was just an oversite and they will learn from their mistakes.
2	Uninspired and bland. Entire table thought this and the manager wouldn't even come to our table to discuss. For the money there are MUCH better steakhouses in vegas. Try somewhere else.
4	We were staying at Caesar's Palace and wanted to get a nice dinner Sat night. We had walked by Friday and it was PACKED and thought this would be an awesome place to try. They don't take reservations between 6-9 so we made reservations for 530. Good thing because by 630 there was already a small line forming by the hostess stand. I really like the openness and vibe of the restaurant and the staff were all very attentive, minus the hostess. (We walked by earlier to make a reservation at 545 and the hostess standing NEXT to the one we were talking to CHIMED IN with "We don't accept reservations from 6-9PM" We were like... Okay.... we wanted a reservation at 545!" Needless to say she minded her own business after that.)We arrived at our reservation and was promptly seated. Our waiter checked on us every so often throughout dinner to see if we needed anything and the other staff were so animated, friendly, and helpful. The bread basket came with a lot of different kinds of bread but we had to limit the bread intake because we ordered so much yummy food!Since there were 5 of us we ordered A TON OF FOOD:Lobster Bisque: This was very tasty and rich. The lobster pieces were so big and the quality is just really up there. Crab Cakes: Also, really big pieces of crab. The cakes are smaller, but tall so there was still a lot of it. The sauce was also really good. Only thing about this was that it broke apart so easily so it was harder to eat with a fork.Fried Calamari: This was the only thing that I didn't enjoy that much. The pieces were kind of soggy and just fell apart when picked up with a fork. We left a lot on this plate untouched.Porterhouse Steak for 2: This came out on a piping hot place with butter and they served it for us. It included filet and strip steak. It was a good amount and the filet was really nice and tender.Filet Mignon on the Bone: This was SOOO TENDER and tasty! It was a HUGE piece of filet mignon and just so delicious. This is something I would get again!Prime Rib on the Bone: When this came out I was thinking... holy... this was so BIG! It looked really juicy, but I didn't try it because I was so full... I think this piece is actually enough for TWO though.Dover Sole: One of the servers filleted the sole off of the bone tableside and gave us a nice show which was pretty amusing. The sauce was a lemony sauce and the fish was cooked and seasoned perfectly. For sides we tried:Duck fat french fries: try these without ketchup and you can really taste the difference. I was still craving these the next day!Creamed spinach: Nice and creamy, but didn't stand out too much.Sauteed Mushrooms: I really liked how they put a variety of mushrooms in here and not the usual white mushrooms. Mashed Potatoes: These were mashed pretty finely and just melt in your mouth goodness! And of course dessert: Ice Cream over chocolate chip cookie: This was like a pizookie from BJ's but the cookie was must more moist and it was a great finish to a wonderful meal.I would have to say that they also have a good collection of wines, but when you ordered cocktails the glasses are pretty tiny... like smaller than the average by a lot. This is def a great place to get steak although it is a bit pricey... but hey, it's Vegas. Everything's a little more pricy... I feel it's worth it because the portions are so big and the quality is so good!
3	This place was my Jan Cheat Meal and I must say it was damn good!The Server was friendly (even though he stopped just short of saying everything on the menu was amazing). The place is nice, the table setting and flatware is great (I loved their steak knives).The Food was good, but sadly the only really memorable part of the entire menu was the bread basket. The Basket included a pumpernickel bread, dinner rolls, the pretzel breadstick that you can get in any Caesars Ent Diamond lounge, and the mack daddy of the Bread Basket, THE ASAIGO BACON MUFFIN, you read that right, a muffin that included bacon and asiago cheese, this was hands down the highlight of the meal.The Caesar Salad was average at best, it was about 4 pieces of lettuce, with a few croutons, The Mac and Cheese was ok, but I've had better, the NY Strip was a good piece of cow, not the greatest slice of cow I've ever eaten, but it was cooked almost perfectly, nice sear on the outside, a little past med rare (which was my only complaint), but still good The food was OK, and the service was great, but for the premium price they're charging I was hoping for more. It's a good place, but in a city packed with top notch Steak Houses, it sadly will get lost in the mix. Good Cow, but there's better.Another random thing, there was a table full of people who were in town for Chinese New Year next to us, they thought it would be a great idea to bring a child with them to a high end steak house, this would have been ok, but after we were seated, the child decided the empty place setting at our table would be a great place to play on her iPad, her parents just sat there and watched her as she played some random game on her iPad while we were getting settled into our table, not really the restaurant's fault but still unacceptable.
1	I had heard so much about this restaurant in New York and it did not at all live up to our expectations.   Our reservation was for 8pm and we were not seated until 845pm. We finally were seated after watching several people show up "without" reservations and get seated ahead of us.  We ordered our food and it took 10 -15 minutes for the waiter to give us bread and water.  Some ordered appetizers and we all ordered salad.  The appetizers came out with the salad leaving no room on the table to put all the plates.  None of us were drinking wine but the wine glasses remained on the table.  I could go on and on. Service was atroshish.  .  As for the food:The Cesear salad was small, overpriced, slimy and very fishy.  The Tuna Tartare was uninspired and had a very strange odor and taste to it.  I love raw tuna and I sent this back.  Awful!Now it was time for the steaks and sides. First off, the steaks were way overpriced even compared to comprable steak house like Prime and Cut.    My steak was ordered medium rare and showed up medium to well.  I asked them to send another steak and it was back on the table within 10 minutes.  It was raw.  Finally I told the waiter to just take it off the bill.  Let me go on record that I almost never return food.      The sides were again, uninspired and overpriced ($12 per side)  Overall it was a terrible experience with mediocre to bad food.  Service was almost nonexistent.  You would have better luck eating at the food court.
2	Well, you know a fancy decor and a great staff does not make up for crappy food.  Now before I slam the food, let me say that the staff was great.  They were very knowledgeable of the menu and did everything right.  My $65 steak came out and it looked like I burnt it.  I had to get some dipping sauce it was sooo dry.  I had the wild mushrooms which were good and the parmesan bread sticks were also very good.  If I had come for that I would rate this place 5 stars.  I would not waste my time or my money here again.  I will keep looking for a good steak house that I do not need a loan to eat at, total bill $135.  :(
1	Food was almost at the level of Houston's.  Oysters more like Red Lobster quality, steak a bit better.  Good crab cake.  Won't go back.
1	Food?  Please.  Quality of product before the culinary challenged get their hands on it? Excellent.  Service? Depends.  I wanted the guy next to the idiot we had. He was so spot on the table next to us gushed over the pretty boy the whole time. There's a million people working the room so kudos to Caesars for helping the UE problem in Las Vegas.  but you would think they could attract all pro staff.The entrance was an exercise  in never having done this before.  I guess they went we inexperience. Oh? That was the manager?  He was certainly wacky.  Bowtie and all, suit with sneakers, made me feel I was at Chucky Cheese.  Thank goodness when later problems developed we discovered he was only the assistant.  The Big Boss Manager was only slightly wackier.  Always reassuring to have someone talk to you in circles and not fix anything only to come back a second time to not fix anything.  This restaurant is probably an average $100 a head.  More if you're having fun.  Do they crumb tables.  Bread plates and butter on the table when dessert comes? This is a management issue because the  stud next to us crumbed, covered spills with fresh napkins, pulled out chairs.  I thought the one lady was going to F him right there.  WTF?  Were we in the D seats?We were told the chef came from the Wynn.  Manager from the Wynn.  Waiter from the Wynn.  Have these people been to the Wynn?  Granted I don't like it, it doesn't seem like Vegas to me, but it shines.  These people would be out like poop through a goose.  Oh.  I guess they were and ended up here.Here's the rub.  We were insiders kind of.  given the scoop to try it out by people inside.  Huh?  Sorry.  Wrong people.  We mostly only write when we've been screwed.  And a great restaurant gets 3 stars and up as it should, not gushing 5 stars every time you have a decent bite.  Did they think we were easy?  Truly not being harsh here.  It sucked.  BUT, the good news is that the place is a few months old and we were told to wait to April when it could be righted.  Coming from the slick dude that told us that we will try, but be warned, if I see any of this crap go down, I will take no prisoners.Oh forgot to mention the light show.  Amazing.  They play everything from Sinatra to Zeppelin.  All done with flickering lights.  kind of annoying if you're there for dinner.  OH! I see.  It's an electrical malfunction that gets so bright that even my gorgeous girl was exposed under the operating room glow, thank thankfully for me (cause I looked a lot worse I'm sure), suddenly went pitch black.  But I felt better when BOZO the manager clown told us it's been that way since the beginning.  Pesky little lights.  They put man on the moon 45 years ago.  But the light show at Old Homestead is a mystery that has been on for months.  good job guys.  Call us when you become a restaurant.
5	The reviews were mixed but we went anyways because we were coming from a show and wanted to stay in the hotel.  The ambience is perfect, lively and vibrant but able to have a conversation.  Nice lighting and enough space between tables with privacy.  The service was great, thanks Charles!  Timing of everything came out as expected and the food was excellent.  I've been to some nice steakhouses including Cut and this one measures up!  We were not disappointed.  If you are looking for high end comfort food, this is it.
3	My husband and I always stay at Ceasars when we come to Vegas, so he was super excited to see they put in a new steakhouse. He made reservations the same day for  8:30PM. We arrived and were promptly seated, I noticed nothing wrong with the host/customer service, although I really wasnt paiyng attention to the host. We ordered the Rib Eye and NY strip, along with calamari, a beet salad, onion rings, mac n cheese and creamed spinach. The food was decent nothing super special nor was it bad. I mean the calamari was good and I liked the sides, the steak was good. I've had better steak, but it is what it is.  We ended our meal with coffee and the Key Lime pie and the pie was tasty. My husband really enjoyed this place so we will be back next time we are in Vegas. Con: Our waiter was off a bit, he wasnt to pleasant.
1	We were staying at Caesars this past weekend and decided to try the Old Homestead restaurant based on a friend's recommendation who frequents their NY restaurant several times and gave the Old Homestead rave reviews. 8:00pm Friday evening reservations were easy to get.  We arrived at the exact reservation time and were promptly seated. The waiter was very friendly and quite "upbeat". We ordered a glass of wine which was good and a tomato and onion appetizer which really was not tasty at all and rather bland. The real disappointment was yet to come! We ordered their supposed special Porterhouse steak for 2 which sells for $99.00 and a side of onion rings, which was extra; not unusual for most high end steak houses. Per our waiter "we were in for an experience", which we were. The steak, which we ordered medium rare came medium, had lots of gristle and frankly was tasteless. After a few bites the waiter came over and asked how we liked their special steak.  We told him it was one of worst steaks we ever had, especially at a restaurant that supposedly specializes in steaks. He asked if we wanted to order different steaks, which they were willing to provide.  We said no we just want a check and wished to leave. They did not charge us for the steak or Onion Rings just the wine and tomato and onion appetizer. We paid the bill and left. We have eaten in some of the best steak houses in the US; Peter Lugers in Brooklyn, NY, The Chop House in Chicago, Joes Crab in Chicago and Las Vegas. Although their specialty is fish their steaks rank with the best of steak houses. We have eaten in all these restaurants multiple times, at prices lower than the prices charged at the Old Homestead. Those restaurants know how to serve quality steaks. The Old Homestead in Vegas, in our opinion, does not.If you are in Las Vegas and want a good steak wesuggest you save your money and avoid the Old Homestead.
4	WOW, I am amazed to see so many negative reviews! There is nothing "old" about Old Homestead. It's a contemporary steakhouse with great energy and flare, slightly different from its NYC counterpart (from what I've heard)..think Meatpacking District meets the strip ;)Grey goose martinis, Maryland crab cake and 2 lb lobster.  Excellent dinner, end of story. Throw in the bread basket (pumpernickel and bacon cheddar cornbread were the best) and you are totally set.As a native Marylander, my big rule of thumb is to NEVER order a "Maryland" crab cake when outside the mid-atlantic region. However, I was craving it big time, and the waiter assured me it wouldn't disappoint. Definitely a mix of lump and claw meat, and probably a little too much filler, but overall it was delicious. Live Maine lobster only comes in 2 lb or 4 lb. 2 lb was more than enough (usually 1-1.5lb is plenty), it was huge! Served very simply with some butter on the side.  Very good lobster, plain and simple. My two co-workers got petite filets, cooked medium, bearnaise sauce on the side. They are pretty snobby NYC food critics when it comes to their steak (veterans of Sparks, Del Frisco's, Smith & Wollensky, etc.), and they both said it was great. Not the best they've ever had, but certainly not worth a two (or even three) star rating! Eclectic crowd too, i.e. not old white men smoking cigars. Kinda reminds me of Abe & Arthur's in Manhattan.
1	Outrageously overpriced mediocre food.  Truly ridiculous.
4	Excellent service experienced.  Ordered the filet on the bone and it was delicious.  Excellent calamari appetizer along with hot soft pretzel stick in the bread basket.  Unique bacon appetizer that was tasty and rib meat like. High traffic noisy atmosphere, but it is Ceasar's Palace. Restroom outside of restaurant and a little walk in the casino. Overall would recommend and return again.
5	after reading all the reviews i wasn't to excited to try this restaurant but it was my girlfriends birthday and she insisted we eat here. to my surprise the food was great and the service was too. everything came out promptly! first the house bread was delicious! i ordered the lollipop ribeye was cooked perfect! my girlfriend ordered the salmon and that was great as well. the only negative is the sides were nothing to special. but over all i was very satisfied... good job old homestead!
5	We went to homestead because I loved my last trip there and I wanted my husband to try out my favorite dishes.  We both agreed the lobster bisque was the best we've ever had, bar none.  The hot creamy soup contrasts brilliantly with the small garnish including the perfectly cooked lobster.The came the tomato, basil, and mozzarella cheese salad. I know we've all had it.  But this was perfection .  Tomatoes fully  ripe, the basil the perfect compliment and the cheese, I believe was  barada.  Then came the hatchet or lollipop rib eye.  It is worthy ever penny.  The steak had a beautiful sear with a nice crust.  Rare for my husband and medium rare for me.  The staff was attentive yet left us alone to talk, too.  Treat yourself while you're in Vegas.  Go to Caesars. And go all out for dinner.  You won't be sorry,
5	Just my style.  O.H. brings a breath of fresh air to the stale, old school style of Caesar's Palace and the strip.  Hip, swanky, with a definite touch of class, my lady and I were most satisfied for our date night out on the town.Let's start with the drink list.  My girl had a tough time choosing between the many options of Martinis, and settled on something very fruity (surprise surprise) but delicious.  I went with a basic Chard as that is the type of night I was in the mood for.From there we started with the apps.  We decided to go with Shrimp Cocktail and the Kobe Beef Meatball.  The Shrimp Cocktail was resembled NOTHING of the word shrimp.  These things were HUGE and amazingly delicious.  When we laid our eyes on the Kobe Beef Meatball, we soon figured out that it was going to be a night where we were seriously going to eat.  Again, the meatball did not disappoint as the marinara blanketing the pan went perfect with a fork full bite. Already feeling our stomachs starting to stretch, we decided to share the bone in Rib Eye with potato dumplings and tater tots.  All were off of the hook.  The steak, cooked to perfection, medium soft pink and tender as hell.  The potato dumplings and tater tots (something out of the norm for us) were an added treat to meal.  We caught ourselves gasping for air to fight for room in our tummies while sneaking another bite of a tot.Top button already blown, you know we had to go with desert!  The GF swears that the ice Cream covered cookie was the best ice cream that she has ever had in her life. 100% we would recommend the Old Homestead to anyone that  wants a nice night out on the town.  Pricey?  Indeed, but worth every cent.  I can't wait to get back to try the seafood platter app, and my girl keeps on hinting on when our next "date night out," will be so she can get back to that ice cream.
1	We didn't have reservations for dinner on a recent Wednesday night and had been to several restaurants at Bally's and Paris with 30-45 minute waits.  We walked over to Caeser's and glanced at the menu at Bobby Flay's Mesa restaurant and then at the Old Homestead.  Since there was no wait at the Old Homestead, we decided to eat there.  We were seated in the row of booths on the path to the kitchen which should have been a clue, I guess.  When we really looked at the menu, we were pretty horrified.  Most of the steaks were at least 16 oz servings, which is far too big for most people, and the prices were really high.  Everything was a la carte.  To add insult to injury, there were only a couple of wines on the wine list that were under $100, and most of those had a retail value of less than $20.  It's one of the rare times we didn't order wine with dinner.Now I think I know why there was no wait...We shared the "Steak for Two", which was $100.  It was OK, but certainly not the best I've ever had.  We had Gnocchi with Truffles, which was delightfully light when it was warm, but really doughy and sticky as it cooled a little and Brussels Sprouts, which were undercooked and woody.I wish we'd at least asked if there was a wait for Mesa or kept looking.  As far as I'm concerned, this restaurant is living on it's reputation and location.  I wouldn't recommend it under any circumstances.
5	Just had dinner for the second time, the first was just after they opened early in the year. The first dinner here was awesome!The second trip was even better! Porterhouse for 2! Awesome, delish, melt in your mouth good. Started with a unique caesar salad, just about the best in taste and presentation, followed by the steak, and potatoe gnocci! Really nice.
1	Where do I start?  Let's start with the reason they are getting 1 stars instead of 0 (if that were possible).The host was very nice.  He accommodated us on a Sunday night without a reservation.  We didn't get the best table in the house, but it was decent.  Our server was very friendly as well.  I wish I could remember his name (Matt?).The bread basket is amazing!  I had high hopes our dinner would be as well.  If they can bake great bread, they should be able to cook a good steak.  To start we had the tuna tartar. It was pretty good and very refreshing.  We also ordered the onion rings as a side.  These were some of the best onion rings I have ever had.  We decided to split the prime rib (it was 32oz) and order the lobster tails.  The lobster was very good.  Perfectly cooked, tender and sweet.  Now the prime rib is where it all went down hill.  We ordered it medium rare.  The server offered to have them split it in the kitchen for us and we agreed.  When they brought it out it looked amazing.  But one bite, and utter disappointment set in.  It was very cold.  The au jus it was sitting in had the temperature as if it had just come out of the refrigerator.We told our server, he apologized and said he would take care of it.  They brought us the plates back out after about 10 minutes.  What they actually did was put them in the oven, which all it did was make the plate very hot and overcook the meat.  It was not edible the meat was so overcooked.  Our plates were taken away with almost all of our steak left.  The busser never even informed our waiter that we expressed our displeasure with the steak, or even the fact he removed our plate with the entire cuts of meat still there!When we saw our waiter, we expressed our situation.  He apologized and offered us free dessert.  Free dessert? really? We ordered a $70 steak, it was ruined so bad that we could not eat it, and you want us to get a free dessert?I assumed that when the check came we would not be charged for that item.  But there it was, on the bill.  We had to call the waiter back over and ask him why they would charge us for an item they ruined and we couldn't/didn't eat.  He left to go get a manager.  The manager did take it off our bill, but only after we had to repeat our entire story.  Didn't our server explain our situation?  Very unprofessional service.  Our bill was still $150 without the prime rib.  We left hungry and went back to our hotel and ordered room service.The saddest part is that this whole time the table next to us had ordered the prime rib.  It looked so delicious and the gentleman was enjoying it so much that it made us feel even worse.  We even pointed it out to our waiter and said "That is what we ordered, that is what we expected."  He never even offered to bring us a new meal.  I never want to go back to that place again.
5	Upon hearing of recent changes that have been made I decided to disregard the previous reviews and go in with a clear and clean slate. I am so glad I did or I would have missed out on the wonderful experience we encountered here at Old Homestead Steakhouse.Wow... really where do I begin? Everything was Amazing from start to finish, this review could easily end over a few chapters. Our server was Dave, he was really friendly and knowledgeable about the menu, he suggested a few items that we did try and liked a lot! The service is top notch across the board! Refills of my iced tea and water were constant as I never had an empty glass, loved that!My boyfriend started off with a vodka and cranberry drink for starters. Very nice!I decided on the wedge of iceberg salad, I opted for ranch dressing instead of blue cheese. Mmm it was hot outside and I was really craving a fresh salad and it was delicious. The ranch dressing does taste homemade which was so good I could literally drink a cup of it. I enjoyed the crisp bacon pieces in my salad as well, so yummy. They split the salad in half so that we could share it and both have salad.We also ordered the appetizer fried calamari, so tender and the breading was light and flaky upon entering my mouth it literally melted it was so delicious and flavorful.The BEST fried calamari I have ever had for sure without a doubt!Bread basket! We have a winner! Mmmm yum, my eyes lit up as they placed this basket of heaven upon us. Bacon and cheese fresh baked muffins, dinner rolls, pumpernickel bread and fresh soft pretzel bread twist! MMMMM whoa I was in a happy place. I love a great bread basket!For our main course I ordered the Gotham rib steak on the bone 22oz. I like rib eye and this was a treat! Wow the perfectly seasoned char on my steak was so flavorful and every bite was juicy and tender. My dream steak was finally had after 35 years of meat eating this steak had me at first bite. Mmmm can you say mouth orgasm? Mmmm yum over and over!My boyfriend had the Empire cut of prime rib on the bone. Mmm yum this mammoth of a meat mound was the best prime rib he ever had in his life he said. I had two bites and it was indeed the best prime rib I have ever had in my life. The Fred Flinstone of servings along with the juicy and tenderness of the prime rib was delightful! If you like prime rib, this is where you must come and have it because you have not had prime rib until you have it here! Wow, I keep thinking of how it tasted so well naturally seasoned and juicy, mouth watering. I would come back and order it, because I have a feeling my taste buds will not let it rest it was that fantastic!Along with our main course we decided on two side dishes, their homemade tater tots that come with a sour cream dip that includes cheese, chives and crisp big fresh bacon bits. Those tater tots are to die for, the presentation is very nice as well, I love the art deco standing tall cone they come in very clever. I will be craving those tater tots I just know it. Mmmm they have a baked mac and cheese, it is three or four cheese and it is simply out of this world! I love the presentation in that a little mini baking dish that is oozing and bubbly upon arrival! Melt in your mouth, I think this was the cause of a few of those mouth orgasms I had as well. We were too full to enjoy dessert however decided on a piece of their 10 layer chocolate gnash cake to take home and share. Wow, a chocolate paradise. This cured my sweet tooth and need for chocolate. The cake so moist and the multiple layers of chocolate were just Divine! Once again I was in a happy place, my tummy was thanking me and my mouth was rejoicing for the pleasure of such a wonderful and rich treat!We had the time of our lives during this visit. We were spoiled and treated like king and queen by the staff. The service is Amazing, the server has assistants who cater to your every need such as clearing plates away, drink refills, etc.The food was Divine in every way possible and the service was stellar.For the first time in my Yelp history I do not have one single complaint. I seriously would NOT change a thing!This is a classy joint and you get what you pay for! They also have a gal coming around to take professional photos of you which is awesome! The restaurant has dim lighting and the seating is comfortable, both booths, tables and half booths are great! Perfect for couples, special occasions, business meetings, etc. Very impressive for all you can't go wrong here. I will be back and I highly suggest you do the same! What was neat was that everyone around us was happy, it was not just us enjoying our experience, everyone else seemed to be in bliss as well.I attached photos of all of the goodies we consumed!I am in love with this Steakhouse...enough said!
4	I think it's a great restaurant. We've been twice and twice we had the same server, 5 months apart so it was nice to see that he was still around. Their jumbo shrimp cocktail is truly JUMBO. It was amazing! We had the porterhouse for two, and the presentation was great. Loved how they sliced it in front of us. Although we've had that done before it's always a nice touch. The sides were great, but I do wish they had creamed corn, nonetheless it was yum.Lastly, we each had a dessert. Highly recommend the Chocolate chip cookie and ice cream concoction - fab!!
4	Like other modern Vegas steakhouses, Old Homestead is dark. It's also loud since the dining area opens up to the bar and a hallway within Caesars. And, like other steakhouses, you'll find typical dishes like beef tartare, tuna tartare, French onion soup, oysters, salads, a few seafood dishes, sides that are a la carte, and of course a variety of beef options.There's nothing that really separates them from other steak places in town, but that's not necessarily a bad thing since I happen to enjoy most of the steakhouses I've been to. Although, they source their beef from Pat LaFrieda in NY (as does Gordon Ramsay's new place). That counts for something.The bread basket had a variety of items in it, the best was the bacon cheddar roll. The crab cake ($23) lacked jumbo lump meat and was formed with mostly body meat and possibly some backfin meat. It did, however, pack a little kick from the roasted pepper aioli. The beef tartare ($22) could have used some of that, because it was rather bland.For entrees, we decided to split the bone-in filet ($69, 16oz.), which they brought out on separate plates. The char was excellent and it was as tender as expected. The side of crab legs ($27) ordered with the filet consisted of one leg and a large pile of crab meat on the side with some drawn butter and half a lemon. It didn't look like much, but was plenty for the two of us. The roasted mushroom dish ($13) was also fabulous.We still had room for dessert, so we opted for their carrot cake ($13). It was a large, traditional looking slice that could have fed four. The large chunks of walnuts in the cake added a nice contrast to the moist cake and mildly sweet (and creamy) icing. It was one of the better carrot cakes I've had in town and reason enough to return.Prices are steep -- again, just like any other Vegas Steakhouse. But if you have your Caesar's/Harrah's Total Rewards card you can get a dollar or two off of each dish. The biggest issue I have with the price is that it's even more expensive than their New York restaurant. There's really no good reason for everything being more expensive. The crab cake, for example, if $5 more in Vegas than New York.Another gripe is the reservation system. Old Homestead isn't on Open Table so you have to call their reservation line. The one listed on both the Old Homestead website and Caesar's Palace website wasn't working. I called numerous times over the course of an hour and the call would never go through. I had to call the hotel's room reservation line and they gave me a different number to use which worked. As an added hassle, they ask for a credit card number when you place your reservation.The place may not be original, but that doesn't matter. Familiarity can be both comforting and satisfying and their dishes are just that -- items you've probably seen and tasted a million times. But at least they execute most of them well.
5	Came here on Saturday 9PM and were fortunate enough to find a table for 6 without a reservation as the restaurant was quite busy. So, reservations would probably be the best bet. The decor was simple and classy. Our booth was lit up beautifully which, sometimes, is an attribute missed on by many steakhouses with dark lighting on the restaurant floor. Now, the food. First, I would say that the sides at Old Homestead in themselves deserve 5 stars. They are absolutely that good! The fried calamari was tender and fresh. Lobster bisque was so rich, creamy, and full of flavor. DO NOT MISS OUT on the CRAB CAKES, ROASTED CORN, and GNOCCI w/TRUFFLE. The crab cake is stacked high with fluffy light crab meat and seared in with a delicious crispy crunch. The Roasted corn had some combination of jicama and spices, all of which tickle the your tastebuds and leave a nice little kick of fire. My favorite side was the Gnocci. Each bite was perfectly soft (not overly chewy) that melts in your mouth as the flavor of the white truffle permeates your pallet. Steaks we had were the Bone-In Filet and Porterhouse for 4. The bone-in filet had a perfect char and  juicy center. The porterhouse comes out sizzling on the plate and is nothing short of awe inspiring. Beautiful piece of meat. You can literally cut through the meat with a butter knife. It was so tender and delicious. Black Peppercorn sauce was out of this world and goes so well with the steaks. On top of the food, the service we had at old homestead was something that made our experience very special that night. Our server, Nigel, and the AGM, Casey, were so very accommodating and gave us excellent suggestions. The people here are truly knowledgeable in food ad wine and were a big help. Never did we feel ignored, which goes to show their commitment to service even on a busy night. We really appreciated them!Old Homestead at Caesars will be my go-to spot to eat and be treated like a king. I recommend anyone go here to treat themselves or impress a date. A++++
2	I will say, I left disappointed for the msot partThere were positives, but not as many as I would have liked considering the reputation and priceNow, I know it is a 'Famous' name. I know it is Vegas, and in Caesars. But....I was in Vegas for work, and ha da vendor bring me and a few others out to dinner (8 of us total)The best part of the dinner, was the company and conversation, not the dinner.Appetizers I will say were top notch. Four types of bread including pretzels, jumbo shrimp the size of lobster tails, and thick cut grille bacon. yumThe steak? Well, I could have bought a $160 steak... but 'settled' for the cheap $62 stripWe got a few 'family style' sides (asparagus, gnocci and tater tots). AS mentioned in my review of Abe and Louies, I like family style sides... but....So the steak. Wasnt bad, was cooked well, but nothing special. Really, the taste didnt jump out. didnt taste any better than a $20 steak at a 'lesser' restaurant. This was disappointing, as I when I have had steaks at other 'high end' steakhouses, you can TASTE the differenceThe 'family style' sides cam eout, tiny. I think 8 strips of asparagus for four people, and the tatertots (which tasted the same as frozen grocery store ones) came in a cone like you would get french fries in at a lot of other places. I was shocked at how small the 'family style' sides wereAll in all, it wasnt horrible... but when with a round of drinks, you run up a bill of $1300 for 8 people, you expect a LOT more(and yes, I know I said four above, and now either. our part of 8 was split into two tables, not even next to each other. Another HUGE disappointment, especially considering we had reservations)People go for the name, go because they arei n Vegas, and pay dearly for both those facts
5	I am a food lover and never spent the time to write a review until I came across this place. I thought this place was finally worth my time to yelp! The porterhouse was perfectly cooked and tender. The crab cakes are absolutely to die for! Our server was also so nice and charming. It was easily the best meal I had on my trip to Vegas. Can't wait to come back here when I'm in town again.
4	Feels like a cross between a traditional dark, plush booth steakhouse and the more modern steakhouses in Vegas. Holds its own against the excellent steakhouse competition in Vegas, but doesn't stand out. They have a traditional steakhouse menu. Various cuts of beef ala carte, sides include potatoes done a few ways, vegetables with lots of butter, and a dressed up mac and cheese. We had the surf and turf special and a strip steak with an excellent wedge salad and the tater tots w/ fat boy sauce. Everything was excellent, service was great. They skewed both medium and medium well a bit rarer than we expected.My only complaint was the tater tots. They were a good version of tater tots, but the fat boy sauce was literally just everything you would get with a loaded baked potato put in a side dish for a dipping sauce. The waiter explained this and it sounded exciting, but it didn't work well. Dipping just didn't work and the tater tots were good, but still just a good version of a tater tot, nothing special. I almost got the duck fat fries, I wish I had.One thing to note is the set of tables that site open right on a main walkway inside the casino. If you like people watching, this works. If you want quiet and intimate, ask for a different table.
5	I was a little hesitant about giving Old Homestead a try when I first glanced through the menu. Although it is very pricy I decided to give it a try due to its reputation. I'm glad to say I was not disappointed.I'm from Texas and know exactly how a steak should taste so I was impressed by the way my steak was made. I ordered the 14 oz New York Sirloin done medium rare and it was cooked perfectly. It was quite large so maybe order an appetizer and split an entree and get desert like my wife and I did. The calamari was some of the best I ever had and for dessert we went with the creme brulee. After the meal was done the total came out to a little under $150 for the both of us which is not bad at all to me compared to some fine steakhouses I've been to. Overall, our dinner was fantastic and my wife and I highly recommend this restaurant to anyone.
5	Awwww yes! I love date night with my sweetie and this is where it went down this time!Mmmmm can you say bread basket? Always the best way to kick off our dinner here!I was in the mood for Seafood, so I ordered the Pan seared Atlantic Salmon with Asian vegetables. My Sweetie once again ordered his usual which is out of this world, the Empire cut of prime rib on the bone.My salmon melted in my mouth, so buttery and flavorful! The prime rib will never let us down, talk about a mouth orgasm!!! I had a few bites of his and I was moaning in complete pleasure. The staff was worried at first however I am sure soon realized I was in a momentary state of Ecstasy upon the swivel of my mouth. My boyfriend nodded and whispered that I was OK, just enjoying the food. Must have sides...Fried Calamari and homemade Tater Tots w/fat boy dipping sauce, it is sour cream, chives, cheese, and BACON mmmm yum!I often dream about their tater tots, was so glad to get my fill. I have had a mad craving for these tasty golden nuggets of yum!They have a rich and delicious mac and cheese, made with four different cheeses, mmm so good however would have been too much to order this time since the portions are so generous. As always service is Top Notch! The ambiance is Wonderful! Food of course is always Incredible!The menu is pricey, however you get what you pay for. This is a Classy Steakhouse and the portions are very generous! You will leave here stuffed, very full so come hungry!Mmmmmm top things off with a Monster slice of big fat chocolate cake! Suck it silly that is one of the best cakes I have had the pleasure of tasting!!!You won't be disappointed!
5	The hubby and I decided to go here because we heard the steak was great and the portions were big. They weren't big at all, they were firkin' HUGE! Our filet was cooked perfectly, not to mention the lobster bisque was amazing! Our service was great, we opted to share the bisque as an app and lo and behold our server automatically brought TWO bowls! Imagine that, what a nice service forethought by our waiter.
3	In Vegas for work, looking for something vegan ... most steakhouses have great veggie sides and I was not disappointed at Old Homestead.I ordered the heirloom beet salad - without goat cheese - wow, it was so good!  Perfectly prepared beets and the vinaigrette was nice and tangy.For my "entree" I ordered a side of mushrooms, broccoli, asparagus, and the roasted corn - outstanding.  The corn was definitely the best, the others were pretty standard fare.Minus a star for no vegan entree (not a surprise though) and no dessert.  Most places at least have a sorbet.Pricey, yes ($100+ for my meal, plus 2 glasses of wine!), but it is a nice place, great ambiance, even dining solo at the bar.  Kudos to the staff for not making me feel lame for ordering just veggies in a steak place.  They were very kind & accommodating.  Much appreciated!
4	Simply AMAZING! When looking for a great meal and cozy atmosphere this is the place to eat. A bit pricey but worth every penny! Every course seemed to top the last. Must try the Seafood Platter, Ribeye and Truffle Butter Gnocchies. And oh my, the deserts ... had the privilege to try them all. Each one was absolutely sensational. Only down side is you'll needed to be wheeled out because it's too hard say enough.
4	i went this restaurant last nite!!!! loved the ambiance, and the staff was very friendly!"Lollipop" Ribeye is a must try! this place is perfect for special occasions!
4	The dish to be would be the Gotham Rib Steak! I would come back as soon as I can to try this dish one more time!
4	Me and my friend made a reservation through the hotel at old homestead, when we arrived at the restaurant the hostess was very friendly and sat us at a nice table, which I told her somewhere more private,the light was dim and romantic.When we arrive at the table she nicely pulled my chair out for me and informed me the server will be with us shortly, so that was a good start.After we sat down our waiter came and greet us then took our drink order, we had a short conversation during the order, he was very friendly and made us felt welcome.I have tried so many steak house, I can really say if anyone loves bread, i highly recommend the garlic bread for appetizer, the texture was amazing, and served with the just right temperature. Our main courses are lollipop rib eye and petite filet Mignon, the portion was defiantly worth your money, and the meat quality was fantastic, and we also order 2 side dishes,cream & 4 cheeses and sauteed asparagus, it was all a perfect combination!!!Then we were actually very filling but we have to try the desserts, at least one!!!  so we ordered the NY style cheese cake, it was very creamy but light, our waiter recommended cappuccino to go with our cheese cake and it was absolutely delightful.over all we had a great dinner and great service, and YES I do highly recommend for celebration and romantic dinner for this place, great experience!!
4	As locals, it's not often that my husband and I venture to the strip to eat -- unless it's our anniversary. We've eaten at Caesar's twice on our anniversary and couldn't be more pleased so we decided to try Old Homestead this time. We definitely weren't disappointed!First we ordered the Maine Lobster Bisque as an appetizer. We decided to split a bowl so we could try a little of everything. This was probably a mistake because neither one of us wanted to share! It was so creamy and delicious with just the right amount of lobster. I am not a beet fan but we decided to get the Roasted Heirloom Beet Salad. I was not expecting to like it one bit but somehow the marrying of the peppery arugula with the goat cheese and the beets won me over. It was a great salad.We both got the Petite Filet Mignon and were greatly satisfied with it.  They had cooked it perfect to both of our liking.  The flavors were nothing short of a near perfectly cooked and seasoned Filet.  Lastly we had the Big Fat Chocolate Cake and that was a perfect end to our meal.  It had a great taste to it and it was not too sweet.  The cake was also very moist.  Delicious and appealing to the eyes.All in all, the food was great, atmosphere was what was to be expected at this type of restaurant, and the wait was not too, too long for the food.I have yet to eat at a true 5 star restaurant, but this place is damn close.
5	FYI - we only had apps at the bar.  We will definitely be in for dinner the next time we're in Vegas. The service was fast and friendly - the bartenders were great!  Good strong drinks and the meatball appetizer was very good!  Calamari was a little salty for my taste, and the tuna tar tar was good - I like a little more seasoning myself. A great option is the Mesa bar is full.
4	A NYC steakhouse institution.  You better heed and respect that when you dine here else fuggeddaboutit.  Established in 1868, it has become upscale everyday dining for decision makers or those with large expense accounts.  It is not a romantic fine dining or family centric restaurant.Without insulting anyone, the Old Homestead also has the hurried ambiance / attitude of NYC.  Close tables, prompt but abrupt service, a "I don't waste your time, don't waste mine" type of vibe.  Classic NYC.  It might not suit everyone.  You've been warned.For starters, the classics shine.  Oysters Rockefeller is delicious.  Just warmed through oyster topped with the essence of bacon, spinach and a rich bernaise sauce.  One dimensional creaminess with a flavor explosion.  The Maryland crab cake is equally good.   More filler than most contemporary crab cakes but it works.  The filler soaks up the crab juices to create a milder crab flavor with a heightened crab perfume.  Deeply browned crust adds texture.  The accompanying red pepper aioli just works.Steaks are excellent.  USDA top Prime.  Well trimmed.  Well aged.  Outstanding sear.  Huge cuts (18oz New York, 26oz "Gotham Rib", 16 oz Filet Mignon).  The signature 16oz bone in filet  is outstanding.  Very thick cut (almost two inches thick) with a  beautiful sear and even cooking.  Makes your mouth all kinds of happy if you cut through the entire piece and enjoy the contrasting temperature, juiciness, and flavors of the full thickness of the piece.  Light beef flavor.  Mild umame.  The Gotham Rib has a much more pronounced beefy flavor.  Excellent in its own way.  More than enough for two.Sides are traditional.  Not as large as you might expect from a steakhouse but still sharable.  Creamed spinach and home made tater tots are as good as any.Outstanding wine list focusing on US producers.  Vegas resort pricing.Tip:  Bring your Total Rewards card for a 1-5 percent discount on the menu.  Tier does not matter.If you have the chops, there's some great food to be had at the Old Homestead.
2	I gave this only two stars because I cannot believe that they are charging what they charge!!!!!!   The food was descent and pretty good.  Not mind blowing, not orgasmic, not amazing, and not worth the cost.  I suppose if you are a millionaire and used to dropping this kind of money without batting an eye - its the place for you.  I know prices on the strip are high, but they have taken that to its extreme here.  There were 6 of us and the bill came to $1700 incl tip!!!!   That is $283 per person!!   We had a few appetizers that the entire table shared, 2 bottles of low to mid price range wine on their list, 2 cocktails each, everyone had a steak (and not the Australian Waguy for $110), 4 sides for the table to share, 4 coffees, 4 after dinner drinks and 2 desserts.  So, put all of that into perspective and it really should have came with a message or a hotel room for that price.  I realize if you don't have any alcohol, no appetizers, no sides, no desserts and only a steak each it would have only cost  around $500.  That is a car payment.  My bone in filet was $70.  That is just too much to pay for any steak, sorry.  We will never go again, the scale is too lopsided to feel any less than completely taken advantage of.  Way to go Harrah's entertainment - if you can continue getting these prices why not?!  Not ever again for us.  We don't like feeling taken for - you're not that good!!Just remembered...the cookie dessert is not 1000 times better than a Pazookie as our server told us.  It's not nearly as good.  If you order the Bacon - be ready for one strip of bacon on a large plate.  That's it.  No greens, no nothing, just a thick slice of bacon.  It's good bacon - but seriously?  Meatball was great, better than Rao's.  It would have been nice to have some serving utensil so we didn't all have to use our butter knives and everything else - so as to not "double dip".
5	I love meat and wanted a nice steak dinner while in Las Vegas last week. We usually stay at Harrahs and then have dinner at the Range, but I wanted to switch it up. Saw a review somewhere re the bread basket and bacon appetizer at the Old Homestead Steakhouse and made the decision to have my three favorite items all in one meal.  Made reservations in advance of the trip and were promptly seated at 8:00 on a Thursday night.  Definitely a special occasion-type restaurant, unless dropping $200+ is no big deal to you.  Had to use the flashlight app on the phone to read the menu to confirm the choices I had already made beforehand. Started with the bacon appetizer, which was one big (1/4" thick?) slab of bacon, and the tuna tartare (a/k/a poke). We split the Kitchen Sink Salad and I ate every bit on my plate.  Combined with a sample of each roll in the bread basket, I was a bit full for my New York with Bernaise.  The BF's prime rib was huge and perfectly cooked.  We ended up taking half our dinners back to the hotel for a late night snack.  They packed them in nice containers and were thoughtful enough to add a container of sauce, napkins, and swanky plastic utensils.  Glad I chose this place!
4	Enjoyed an unplanned and casual dinner with a co-worker at the bar and received excellent service from an attentive server. Busy atmosphere due to convention in the hotel. Great attention to detail and excellent selections of steak, wines and beers. Expect prices to be commensurate with service.
4	My first visit here and I was very impressed! First off the restaurant decor is great, modern but with a nod to its NYC roots. Hostesses were friendly and cute too. That never hurts. They seemed pretty busy for a Tuesday night and it's no wonder. Our beet salad simple and well prepared. Beef tartar had a bit too much mustard and capers for my taste but was really fresh. Kobe meatball is a must try and large enough to share between two people. Oysters were nice; we had mapleques. For entrees we ordered the bone in filet - awesome and the Dover Sole- great and deboned table side! The sides were good too but the bearnaise and  whipped horseradish sauce were standouts. Ill definitely be back!!!
4	I walked by and decided to have a glass of wine before dinner, figuring that I'd probably eat elsewhere. They have a very good selection of very nice wines, and that also goes for the wines by the glass. Most wines by the glass are in the $20 - $40 range, but definitely better than what most restaurants back home have available. The wine was so good I decided that I needed a dinner to compliment it. So I ate at the bar and had a very good meal. The Caesar salad was just ok... The dressing was a bit bland for my taste, not much cheese either and no anchovy. I'm still hoping I can find a great Caesars salad during my stay at Caesars! I ordered the 8 oz Filet...it was done perfectly and the whole plate was excellent, but I'd probably choose a Ruths Chris filet over it even if price were equal. The asparagus was awesome...probably the best I've had. The service from the bartenders was excellent... Those guys are pros.
5	I got to experience first-class service at Old homestead steakhouse. It has been by far the best steakhouse I have dined in Las Vegas.The bread basket had a variety of pretzel sticks, pumpernickel, soft rolls and bacon cheddar roll wich was my favorite.This place has the best steak cook to preference. When you ask for a medium steak, you will get a medium steak, very knowledgeable and friendly staff.We had for appetizers a delicious Rockefeller oysters wich they were amazing!!! And as well the fried calamari. The "Gotham Rib" Steak on the bone, Rib eye, it was soooo tender and tasty! It was a huge piece of steak and just so delicious. This is something I would get again.Old Homestead at Caesars palace will be my go-to eat and be treated like a queen. I recommend anyone go here to treat themselves or impress your wife or date.
4	Had dinner last night with my wife, it was a very busy night. We arrived a little early but were still seated right away. The hotstees was very polite and friendly. We were greated promptly by our waiter Nigel. He was very knowledgeable and informative about the menu. We started off with a cocktail, My wife enjoyed the Cosmoploitan and myself im a beer guys so i stuck with the Sam Adams in a chilled glass. We ordered the Kobe Meatball, which my wife had commented that it was the best meatball she has ever tasted. For dinner i had the 32oz Lollipop Ribeye cooked Medium, which was absolutely perfect. My wife ordered the 18oz NY Steak asked for it well done, When it came out it was a little pink, but after letting it rest for a few minutes it was perfect for her. We had and assortment of side dishes, Potato Augratin, Tater Tots, Roasted Mushrooms, and Mac n Cheese. Which all had a very good flovaors and contrasts in themselves.  We did perfcer the Potato Augratin the best. To end the night we tried the Chocolate Chip Cookie with Vanilla Ice Cream and it was a perfect ending to a great dinner.
1	Sigh.  I'm so sad I wasted one of my few precious Vegas dinners on this place...I don't even know what to say.. it was just all around terrible. We only came here because everywhere else was full and needed to stay around Caesars for a quick scurry to Pure after dinner. Lighting was really dark - so I guess if you're not drunk enough to have your beer goggles on already and need somewhere to take your date so she looks better than you realized this morning... this is the place.Everything was super super expensive.  I know it's Vegas, but cmon - for a no-name, no-famous chef, 3 yelp star place... NOT worth $66 for a sirloin or even $58 for a 8oz Filet! They do have an Australian Wagyu for $168... haha poor soul who ordered that from this place.  And what's worse... my medium rare filet came out completely cold - from the center to the outside. It was rubbed in so much salt that I think I drank a gallon of water. sigh again.Kitchen sink salad was ok... but for $18, this salad filled the center of a small plate with lettuce and had two baby shrimp... not much else. Friends liked the Caesar salad, but again nothing special for a $17 salad.Everything was super salty.  My friend had to send back 2 dishes because they were just not edible. What's worse, we overheard the waiter talking about us to another waiter right behind us!! how unprofessional!Wine list was pricey again of course - nothing by the glass under $15.Ok that's all. don't go there. waaaay too many yummy eats in Vegas to waste your tummy here.
2	The bread bowl is delicious. They offer a nice variety of rolls, pretzels and other breads. Everything else though just falls flat. My $60 filet came out prepared right by looking at it, but it was no longer warm, like it had been sitting out for awhile. My husband had the same problem with his filet as well. Way too expensive for what you get.
4	On April 4, 2012 my wife and I had dinner at the Old Homestead in Las Vegas and wrote a review on Yelp that described a very disappointing experience. Understanding that several positive changes were made at the restaurant through discussions with others, we decided to try the restaurant again on August 18, 2012 while we were in Las Vegas.  This time the experience was much more positive.  We arrived at the appointed reservation time and were promptly seated.  A waiter came to our table within 5 minutes to take our drink orders, which were promptly served. The service throughout the evening was excellent. We then ordered a wedge salad which we split. It was very fresh, crisp and quite tasty.  I ordered a Strip Steak and my wife ordered a petite Filet Mignon. We also ordered Asparagus as a side dish.We found the service that evening to be excellent.  However, the noise level at the restaurant is quite high due to the way it is set up and its open location. This did not spoil the evening. I am only mentioning it so those of you who wish to try it are aware of that issue. The meal happened to be very good, we ordered the steaks medium rare. The steaks were quite tasty. My wife's was served perfectly cooked as medium rare but my strip steak came out cooked between medium rare and medium, although it was acceptable enough to eat and not send them back. The steaks overall were quite tasty and very tasty.I am raising my rating of the restaurant to a 4. I might have given it a 3  1/2 if there were such a rating only because I did not get a perfect cooked medium rare steak.  While we now will consider the Old Homestead in Las Vegas again on future visits I still don't feel their steaks are at the same level we have had at Peter Lugers in Brooklyn, NY, the Old Chop house in Chicago or Joes Crab in Chicago. Restaurants we have been to dozens of times.  However, the Old Homestead in Las Vegas made quite a bit of progress since our first visit.
4	We had a wonderful experience here.  We started with the seafood platter and I was pleasantly surprised on how fresh it was.  The platter consisted of oysters, crab and prawns, all which were so delicious. We also had the kitchen sink salad, crabs cakes, porterhouse for two, mac n' cheese, cream spinach and sauteed mushrooms, yes, were very hungry.  Kitchen sink salad:It was great, all ingredients worked well together, I enjoyed it.Crab cakes:Tasty, well seasoned, good quality crabPorterhouse:Huge, juicy, flavorful, perfectly seasoned and expertly cooked. Came out exactly as I requested- med-rareMac 'n cheese:Cheesy, gooey goodnessCreamed spinach:Perfect, just the right amount of cream.Mushrooms:The were OK.Dessert:Banana puddingOMG, talk about indulgent! this was a perfect ending to a perfect meal.Overall, I give this place a four stars because I had a good dinning experience.  From the food to the service, it was great.  I knocked down one star because I didn't like the mushrooms much but one out of 7 is not bad.  I would definitely recommended this  place and for sure we will be back.
4	I went to dinner last night with my girlfriend  at OldHomestead, The hostess was very nice  and we were seated quickly. Once we  seated we were attended shortly by are waiter Mike. He was very nice and quickly asked what we wanted to drink.We both ordered a glass of wine and fried calamari as an appetizer. The sauce was a little bland and the calamari was soggy. Once we were done with the appetizer we both ordered the Porter House steak medium rare. Itt was cooked just right and was seasoned perfectly and it was also very delicious. We ordered chocolate cake for our dessert. It was delicious and the presentation was perfect. Old Homstead is a very nice restaurant I would recommend and I would enjoy coming here again.
5	I just came back from a great dinner.  After an eight hour business meeting, I needed a steak.....I have been wanting to try this NY favorite in LV since it opened last year.I started with their a slice of their thick bacon and a bowl of lobster bisque.  Both wer outstanding.   The bacon was meaty and the bisque had a spicy kick that made it super yummy!For dinner, I had the rib-eye steak, gnocchi with butter and truffles.  The steak and gnocchi was awesome....full of intense flavor.For desert, I had the banana bread pudding....it came with a scoop of ice cream and a super sweet caramel  sauce. Overall, a great steak meal.  The service was great and the decor was dark woods that screamed old school NY steakhouse.
4	Awesome, juicy steaks, great fresh seafood, great wine, professional and attentive service.  What else can I say?! I will came back next time I'm in Vegas craving prime steaks.
4	This is my second time dine at this restaurant! I can't begin to tell you how great their food is! The steak is always cooked to your temperature and the sauted Asparagus is just amazing!! My best friend loved his 32oz Prime Rib! For desserts, you must try the Cast Iron Chocolate Chip Cookie toped with homemade Vanilla Ice Cream!The staff is very friendly! My serve Casey has a great knowledge of the menu!This place is ideal for a romantic occasion!
2	People you can get better steaks and more food for your buck by going to the Palm, Capital Grill, Morton's or Nine.  I can probably name more places in Vegas for a better steak at a decent price.  We got the wedge salad that we split, can't really go wrong there, but for $15 so not worth it.  The porterhouse for 2 and the cauliflower augratin.  And don't look at the menu off their site, the prices are about $5 cheaper than at Caeser's.
2	The menu looked great.  The food and service did not live up to expectations.  I will start with the good: the calamari was fabulous.  The garlic bread was gross.  It was plated on a congealed mass of "parmasean sauce".  I am not sure if it was supposed to be served warmer, and therefore less congealed? That probably would have helped.  The caesar salad was over dressed, wilted and lacking flavor.
5	This year my parents decided to ditch cooking and have Thanksgiving in Vegas. It ended up just being them, my boyfriend and me, and my best friend who had Thanksgiving dinner at Old Homestead Steakhouse. We had reservations so we were seated right away. We had the most awesome waiter ever...I wish I remembered his name so I could give him a shout out! He made our dining experience great, my dad even asked him to sit down and have a drink with us since we liked him so much! He didn't, but it would have been fun.This place was great! And the prices were pretty reasonable, between all the food we ordered and multiple cocktails, our bill was only $400 after my 10% off Yelp check in offer and the fact that we got the Total Rewards Pricing. That is not bad for a nice steakhouse!We ordered....Garlic Bread (two orders of it actually) - This is not typical garlic bread. It is served on a huge plate, with light, airy pieces of toast stacked up on one end, and the entire bottom of the plate is filled with a delicious garlicky Alfredo type sauce to dip the toast in. Brilliant idea, very tasty.French Onion Soup - My boyfriend and friend ordered this. Very rich, lots of sherry, great cheese on top, loaded with onions. I really enjoyed this.Maine Lobster Bisque - This was the only letdown of the meal for me. Instead of large pieces of lobster, there was a small round of minced lobster in the bottom of the bowl, then the bisque was poured over that. The lobster itself tasted good, but the bisque was too fishy and there was something missing. We never figured out what it was, but both my stepmom and I ordered this, and neither of us cared for this much. Porterhouse Steak for Three - The four of them decided they wanted to split the Porterhouse. My stepmom had been to this restaurant before and she said they could get the Porterhouse for two, and it would be enough for the four of them. My men didn't believe her, so they ordered the steak for three. Good lord! I wish I was able to get a picture of that steak, but the servers dish it out to everybody as soon as it arrives. That thing was MASSIVE! And my stepmom was right, there was steak leftover. If I had decided to have the Porterhouse as well, the portion for three people would have easily fed all five of us. And it's such a good deal, only $142 which worked out to $35 per person. I highly recommend getting that steak, it was tasty and very affordable. 8 oz Petite Filet - I ordered this Medium with a side of Truffle Butter. It was definitely a bit rarer than Medium, but it was good. They give you enough Truffle Butter to pass around, there was probably as much butter as there was steak. Very rich, very decadent, a perfect steak for me!Yukon Gold Mashed Potatoes - Good, but nothing special. Very simple mashed potatoes.Tater Tots with Fat Boy Sauce - The tots were great, they had a nice consistency, the dipping sauce was some sort of sour cream mixture with huge pieces of thick cut bacon mixed in. I liked these. Mac & Four Cheeses - A very good, but simple, Mac and Cheese. Cauliflower Gratin - Awesome roasted cauliflower with cheese. I think this was my favorite side, we should have ordered two of these, as the sides are pretty small and there was definitely not enough of all five of us to have a lot of the gratin.As I stated before, the service was impeccable. We never waited for anything, our waiter was constantly bringing us more cocktails and wine, refills on water never took long. The ambiance in this restaurant was nice, very dark, and they were playing lounge covers of 90's pop songs, which I found funny. I would definitely come back to this steakhouse when I am in Vegas, especially for that Garlic Bread!
4	The food was fantastic. This place deserves 5 stars, but the waiter forgot to enter my order, so the 4 people I was with felt awkward about eating their meals. I finally got my meal about 10 minutes later. That being said, I would go back, the food was amazing, and mistakes happen.
2	My girlfriend and I came here for dinner for our one year anniversary. At $60 a steak, this is not worth the money. The waiter we had was abrasive; he was 'friendly', but made it obvious that he was being friendly for work and did not really want to be. The food was only ok. Their port wine glaze for the steaks adds a sweetness not really at home on a good cut of steak, and it has a vinegary aftertaste. The steak sauce they serve tastes like ketchup and balsamic vinegar were put together in a blender. Our steaks were cooked perfectly, but just failed to impress in the taste department. As a special thank you, the waiter mistakenly charged the neighboring tables $220 check on our card. When he corrected it he insisted that it had not even gone through yet. He was wrong. We had $220 from our account frozen for the next 2 days due to his error. That is probably not a big deal for most of their clientele, but for two grad students that had to save for a long time to afford this meal, it was a pretty big slap in the face after a disappointing meal. Vegas has no shortage of great restaurants. There is no reason to waste your time and money on an over-priced decent restaurant.
4	Dinner was terrific. We started with the diver scallops, which were perfectly cooked. For dinner I had the bone-in rib-eye with foie gras on the side. The truffle mac & cheese and creamed spinach were extremely flavorful. I really don't see how this is a 3-star restaurant. It may not be a 5, but certainly earns a 4!
3	I have heard of this place before, but shied away due to the impossibly preposterous sounding name. Old Homestead? How could that possibly be good?Well, we were lead here recently by a friend immediately following the Shania Twain concert in the MGM Grand. She recommended it and, as a local, her opinion was to be trusted. So..ambience is nice...think dark wood paneling, granite, very upscale inside. Service is what you would expect...top notch. They first brought out a container of various breads, which were delicious. Finally, we got down to business.Oysters Rockefeller were seriously amazing. One of the better items on the menu without a doubt. I ordered bacon and a chopped salad (don't ask), which I shared with my friend. The bacon! Oh my god! It's approximately 1/4" thick and delicious. Highly recommended. Chopped salad was delicious.My brother got the filet mignon, which was tender enough to cut with a fork. Sorry for the simple review but we really didn't explore the menu so to speak. All in all it was very good and I wouldn't hesitate to go back.
2	Weird name of an expensive steakhouse. The decor was lacking. My friends and I eat at a "top 10 Las Vegas Steakhouse" monthly. I was surprised that this was on the (near the bottom) of the list. It had previously been on the list as Nero's (what used to be at this location), but this year it was replaced by Old Homestead. The actual restaurant was average to nice, but half the restaurant was open to a tourist walkway. Booths were small and not that comfortable. Wile the food and wine was good, the bill for six of us was around $900.....$500 of which to my husband and I. While money is not an issue, I felt that for that cost the experience was somewhat lacking. My filet was cooked perfectly and was tender and the wine was great (we had bottles), but compared to other top ten steakhouses we have visited, I am confused as to why Old Homestead is on the list. Our waiter was attentive, but was one of those people who though he was funny all the time (I hate that). Wile I'm glad we went (as its on the Las Vegas Weekly Top Ten Steakhouse list), our group will not be returning. Overpriced for the experience. How is this steakhouse even placed on a list with SW Steakhouse and Carnivino?
4	11 consecutive CES and countless other trips to Vegas and I never heard of this place until I decided to just pop into the closest steakhouse to my room elevator.  [hint: this was previously Nero's]We've had all the major steakhouses covered in some 60+ days of meat hunting in vegas, and I can say that this probably has the best meat QUALITY of the lot.  I didn't say it was cheap, and while we did have some sides and dessert, there was nothing that was notches above the rest, although I have heard that the Lobster Bisque (one member of our party lunched here the same day) is remarkable.The porterhouse for 3 and 26oz rib eye (all medium rare) was split amongst three hungry grown men and we all agreed this was not only cooked to perfection, but divided up perfectly by our skillful waiter.  We were told all the meats we ordered were aged 30 days, and it sure felt that one once it hit our palates.  I'm not sure how the strip could be so nearly as tender as the filet, or how the filet could have been so beefy, but some of that ladle full of grease smeared on top at service could have been responsible.Once we were done, we carried on carving the succulent bits off the bone and proceeded with the uncouth behavior of just gnawing it off. I mean, we paid a good premium for 3 bottles of Cab, so that was an excuse to just forget about etiquette altogether.Let's face it, this may not sound like a steakhouse, but it's one. Don't count on ambiance - AT ALL.  If you need a meat fix at some of the highest prices in Vegas, go to the Old Homestead.  If you want better ambiance at 90% of the quality, go to SW.  If you want to see and be seen, go to Prime.
4	After being dragged to a Celine Dion show at Caesar's only to walk away with a sore throat after belting out tunes I had previously claimed not to know, I need a good meal and a few drinks.  It was late on a Sunday and my flight was leaving Vegas in a few short hours so I followed my travel buddies into Old Homestead.  Steak?   Always.   We were seated right away in a booth in the back.  The decor was modern, clean, and simple.  Our plates had napkins folded neatly and displayed different cuts of meat, mine was Filet.  Our waiter was fantastic and eager to talk about the menu regardless of it being the end of his shift.  We were a large party and he supported us in just getting several items to share rather than getting separate meals.  We order diver scallops, rib eye on the bone, lobster tails, tater tots with fat kid sauce,  mac & cheese, risotta, and creamed spinach.  I cannot complain about one item.   I ate at this location years ago when it was Neros and still think highly of it.   The Fat Kid Sauce, which the waiter said was an homage to the chefs mother who made him this sauce when he was growing up.  The sauce consisted of everything you would put on a loaded baked potato and it was the perfect companion to tater tots... and I thought tater tots needed nothing!
4	Review of the bar only.  While doing a walkabout of Vegas casinos, we popped into Old Homestead for a drink.  The bar is small-ish but we were able to score seats at the corner.Carl, our bartender, makes a damn solid, well-balanced Manhattan, and he was good enough to let me know they were out of absinthe when I ordered a Sazerac, and to confirm that I was okay with a Pernod as replacement.  This is a solid move on his part.  My date, who sometimes struggles to get a vodka martini that's dirty enough for her liking, was pleased with Carl's handiwork as well.  I'd come back just for the bar service.
3	***The steak at Old Homestead Steakhouse in Caesars Palace is decent, but you will have much better steaks (as well as much better sides) at Mario Batali's Carnevino in The Palazzo***Old Homestead seems to be a relatively new steakhouse in Caesars Palace.  It is located along that narrow stretch of walkway that connects two parts of the casino (the one area with Mesa Grill and the casino area more towards the hotel lobby).The decor at Old Homestead is definitely dark, but it is actually not as dark (or as old-school) as what you will find in many of the pricey steakhouses in Las Vegas.  The restaurant feels smaller, more open and even a little more contemporary.We had a special 3-course fixed menu, which included a choice of salad, an entree with sides and an assortment of some of the restaurant's desserts.  The two salad choices were a caesar salad and their kitchen sink salad.  The kitchen sink salad (my choice) consisted of shrimp, salami, bacon, avocado, tomato, hearts of palm, blue cheese, and a vinaigrette.  The salad was decent.  The balance of the ingredients was not that great and some of the salad was a little underdressed, but the overall flavor was satisfying enough.Their entree dishes included a chicken, fish and sirloin dish.  I opted for the sirloin au poivre, which was topped with a peppercorn sauce.  There was a garnish of Yukon gold mashed potatoes.  Sirloin is definitely not the most expensive cut of beef, but the preparation here was good.  The sirloin had a nice sear and there was a decent marbling of fat, which gave the meat a fair amount of juiciness (which can be tough with a sirloin).  The meat was tender too and flavorful.The peppercorn sauce was quite aggressive.  It made the dish a little too peppery.  The side of Yukon gold mashed potatoes was fine.There was also a decent breadbasket with many different choices including a pretzel roll.Desserts are typically not that special at steakhouses.  They tend to be old-fashioned and heavy desserts and that was the case here.  There was a key lime pie topped with an Italian meringue and it was actually refreshing, tart, creamy, and decent.I did not try the New York Style Cheesecake, but I did try their Big Fat Chocolate Cake, which was a chocolate layer cake with ganache.  It was not that great--dense and not that great of a flavor (kind of something you could get anywhere).Service was good.  The staff was friendly and the food came out at a good pace.Prices were high like other high-end Las Vegas steakhouses.Old Homestead is a decent place for a big and juicy steak on The Strip.  I prefer Carnevino to Old Homestead, but I would take Old Homestead over chain places like Smith & Wollensky, The Palm and Ruth's Chris (which is located just off The Strip).  It is not a great steak restaurant, but it is an okay one.Like other Las Vegas casinos on The Strip, Caesars Palace offers both free self and valet parking.
1	No stars for you !! On 2/04/13 early evening Sat at a seat in the middle of the u shaped bar , it was moderately busy, after 5 min. Bartender approached and I ordered a glass of wine , no "hello" or would you like to see a menu? Nothing!! He turned to the customers on my right who had dinner in front of them and said " is everything o k " they asked for drink refills and he did so, then went to the party on their right and did the same? From there he went to the end of the bar , washed and stacked some glasses and did some cleaning of that area! Then he went to the other side of the u shaped bar and refilled drinks for others??!! That is when I picked myself up and went to bobby flays Mazza grill ! I will never waste my time here again !
2	Below average in more than one category.Massive steak portions. As one example the prime rib I believe is 34 oz, but you can't get a smaller size.  Another example is the 26 oz. ribeye.  It's kind of a "Heart Attack Grill" methodology for the portion sizes, except the HAG has beef that is really flavorful, unlike this place!  I ended up getting the 8 oz petite filet since I didn't want to gorge.....cooked exactly as I asked, but nothing remarkable to write home about.As an appetizer, I had the French onion soup.  There was some annoying sweet taste in the soup, which overwhelmed  any other flavor.  The cheese topping the soup was tasteless.  My friend had the colossal shrimp cocktail, and it was massive....only 2 shrimp, and at least the presentation gets an A+.  For $27, I would expect a lot from a shrimp cocktail!For prices, I believe the petite filet was $52, beers were $12, horseradish sauce $5, and the French onion soup was $14.....with the Total Rewards card discount.Service was very good, but you won't feel pampered here.Oh Caesars, why did you ever replace Neros Steakhouse with this place?
4	I went here this weekend for a birthday dinner. I got the petite fillet, cooked medium rare, closer to rare. They got it down perfect. I ordered the wild mushroom side and mashed potatoes. I really enjoyed my meal. A friend had the crab which was amazing as well. It's VERY pricy, but, hey it's Vegas. The server was good and they even comped a birthday desert for my friend. Overall, really enjoyed the restaurant.
5	Ate dinner here one night, and was so pleased. This restaurant is not over packed with people that making reservations even that night were available and I love that about a restaurant. I ordered the lamb, and it was very delicious and didn't take forever to cook like most restaurants. The side orders are ordered a la cart, and priced at 12 dollars. There not huge but good sharable size. There have a few choices in dessert, i choose the berry option, and it was very fresh and delicious, i believe all desserts were priced at 12 dollars as well. They have a large wine and drink selection. The atmosphere is very nice and relaxing, not to stuffy and uptight, all the waiters and managers were nice and friendly making recommendations if asked. This steak house is located inside Cesar's hotel and casino.
3	We started with a breadbasket.  Most of it was good, but watch out for a couple of pretty hard french bread pieces.  I didn't have an appetizer or salad so the next part of my meal was a filet mignon.  It was cooked to my liking and tasted pretty good.  I also split the tater tots and mushroom with my co-workers.  The tater tots, although not your traditional steak side dish, was pretty good.  The mushrooms were pretty meh.  I thought they would be buttons but it was wild mushrooms and they had kind of a weird taste to them.  That made me sad because I love mushrooms.  I was also a bit disappointed in the side order portions.  Usually steakhouses sell family style size portions.  These were not necessarily family size.  They probably were single portions that you could share a bit with others, but not too much.  The service was good though, so that was a plus.
5	Great New York strip-"9" and an ok prime rib-"6"...service was good about an 8, the bread it's a must have, all different kinds on a platter, don't forget butter and cream cheese for the pumpernickle ( it thinks that's how you spell it ), all in all a good experience. Bit pricey, bill was right around $200 with tip and drinks for 2 people.
5	Old Homestead has one of the best quality beef cuts in town. Not only was the food absolutely delicious but the service was superb. Our server Raymond guided us through a delectable culinary journey where every course of the meal was memorable and extremely tasteful.
4	I can't leave Vegas without a steak. The trick is finding a spot, with at least one high dollar steakhouse in each casino. The need to book a large party on short notice tied my hands and narrowed the options a little, and we landed at Old Homestead. Interestingly, while I couldn't get a table for 6...we were seated at a table for 6...as a party of five. Whatever.We indulged for this one - east and west coast oysters were very good, with nice trimmings. One friend may have found his next expensive hobby, having had his first oysters here after I suggested them. We also had their calamari, which is the traditional fried rings, but is super tender and flavorful, without having a heavy, greasy breading. And I had the steakhouse wedge salad, which I usually don't order, but just seemed right. The salad was HUGE - practically half a head of lettuce, delicious chewy thick bacon, so thick it was basically cubed, cherry tomatoes, and a heaping helping of Maytag bleu cheese. I have to order Maytag - it's from Iowa and so am I (kinda). Plus it's very good. This was a great salad. I ate almost all of it, which was kind of a mistake. I wish I had saved a bit more appetite for the steak.My steak was the filet on the bone, which was pretty great. Very tender, cooked to an almost perfect medium rare, with wonderful flavor from the bone and the right amount of salt and pepper crust. No need to mess with it any further. I'm starting to love the bone-in filet as a happy medium between the sometimes low-flavor filet and the flavorful but oversized and overly rich bone-in ribeye. This definitely delivered. Our sides were the mac and cheese and the tater tots with "fat boy" sauce. These were OK - the tots were clearly homemade, but were a little big - they needed more crisp surface area. The fat boy sauce turned out to basically just be baked potato fixings. I might skip those in the future. The mac and cheese was just kind of basic mac and cheese. I think we could have selected better here, but it didn't get in the way of a great steak.Our service was friendly and prompt, and the sommelier was friendly and informed without being too snooty (as I seem to think they all are, but then, I'm not a drinker). Price was, I think, on par with what your upper tier steakhouses are going to cost. You can get slightly reduced prices here with whatever Ceasar's player's club card is, a couple bucks off here and there. But it does add up, especially with a large party. Might buy you an extra drink. But for the minimum effort required to sign up, it's worth doing.If I had to think about the three steakhouses I've been to in Vegas, I think this is the best. It's certainly better than N9NE, and I think it's better than Signature Room at Mandalay Bay as well. So having my hand forced to Old Homestead was not a let down. I would definitely return.
1	SKIP THIS - try Palms. Palms has better steak, better prices and a more relaxed atmosphere. This place is pretentious and the food SUCKED. $65-$270 a steak gimme a break....I've eaten at MANY steakhouses and this I could have done without! Thank heavens this meal was on the house to begin with... Portions were tiny, food had weird "hotel" saltiness and overall nothing special.Service was excellent but I felt like someone was always over my shoulder listening to our conversation. Not a great balance.With a million great places to eat in vegas, I'd leave this one!
2	What otherwise should have been a pleasurable evening was abruptly spoiled by a female Sommelier, who served us a bottle of wine that was corked.  I had my wife verify my sense that the wine had gone off and she acknowledged that it had. The Sommelier debated our findings immediately, without even smelling or tasting the wine herself. I then had my niece taste the wine and she agreed the wine was bad. The Sommelier then remarked that Stag's Leap wine tastes that way and she didn't understand how anyone would like Stag's Leap.For a meal that averaged $100 per person, one would expect far better food, better service and a much better presentation. As for dining in Las Vegas, Old Homestead Steak House has now set a new low water mark with us.
4	Hard to get in on weekends during prime time hours without a reservation. One of my favorite places at Caesars.
4	After a weekend at Caesar's Palace with a good buddy and his gf's family & friends. A weekend that included poolside cabanas, drinking and lots of gambling. Well, I didn't do any drinking but everyone else did more than make up for my shortcomings in that category! Anyways, the finale night dinner on Sunday found us here.It was probably a good thing we had a reservation. The place was packed and I heard it was booked fairly solid for this particular weekend. It's located across from Nobu and resides in the spot Nero's used to occupy I believe. The restaurant consists of dimmed lights and a classy looking decor. Prices seemed about on par for a steakhouse on the Strip. If  I remember correctly, Old Homestead originates from New York.The bread basket is crazy, for starters. Loaded basket. Pretzel bread, mini dinner roll with coarse salt on top, crusty mini french roll and bacon, asiago & cheddar muffin. My buddy asked for extra butter and I guess they remembered because on our second bread basket we got these two massive blocks of butter along with it.Our waiter was very friendly and helpful. Drinks were filled constantly and we were checked on a few times to see if we needed anything else.I had the 16oz filet mignon on the bone. Cooked and seasoned perfectly. We shared sides of potato gnocchi with truffle butter, asparagus & mushrooms. Loved the asparagus and the gnocchi. The gnocchi was so rich with the truffle butter. For our party of five. We were suggested that three sides would be enough since the portions are fairly large. When we saw them, they didn't seem that 'large'. We probably could have gone with four, or even five and been ok. Considering we demolished the sides we had ordered.Suffice to say we all left full and satisfied. Anything less would be a disappointment when you pay this much for good food. Solid 4 stars.
5	Homestead was fairly new when we tried it (kind of late on the review). The steaks are prime cuts and worth every penny. Great atmosphere and design in the dining room. The servers are very seasoned at what they do- 3 sips of water and they refilled in no time- Very good at attention to detail. The bone in ribeye is the best. So much flavor, aged just right- My wife got the prime rib- very good as well. Between the food and the service, the entire visit was exceptional. 5 stars- definitely recommend!
2	My brother got very ill eating here; the food poisoning ruined his last nite in Vegas. My meal (bone-in ribeye) was good but not great. Definitely not worth the price.
4	How this place has a 3 star average is beyond me, maybe I went on a really good day.  We ate dinner at OH on a Saturday night.  It was crowded, but that did not affect the level of service we received or our comfort level.  The bread basket they bring is fantastic, as many note.  It may be the best gratis bread basket I've eaten at a steakhouse.  The cheesy muffins were out of this world good, I wish they would sell them so I can bake them at home.  Watch out you don't fill up on bread at this place.To start, we had the garlic bread and calamari.  The garlic bread was stacked liked a small jenga tower, and sitting in a bed of cheese sauce.  It was crunchy and delicious when dipped in the sauce.  The calamari was likewise good, it had some peppers in it, but I wouldn't go so far as to call it Rhode Island style.  But, the peppers added some nice spice.  The breading was crisp and adhered to the calamari well.To eat, we had the porterhouse for 4.  This was a good amount of steak for 4 people with sides, but if you are looking to eat a 25 ounce steak or larger on your own, it's not a good selection for you.  I preferred the NY strip side of the porterhouse, as I always do.  But, both sides were perfectly cooked to medium rare and had a nice char.For sides, we had the lobster mac n cheese (which was a special I believe), the creamed spinach, and the famous tater tots with fat boy sauce.  The fat boy sauce is basically sour cream, large pieces of bacon, and shredded cheese mixed together.  The creamed spinach was fantastic, maybe the best version of this dish I've ever had.  It had a great crust on it and excellent flavor.  I had seconds, which makes the meal healthy because I had a vegetable, right?  The mac and cheese was solid, but I've had better at many other steakhouses.  The tater tots were the real winner for me, they are large, but were perfectly fried and done in the middle.  You could taste that they are made of potato, which is not the case with most fast food tater tots.  The sauce was great on them as well.  I think returning to OH for a burger at lunch and enjoying these may be in my future.We had baked Alaska for dessert.  It's always cool seeing it lit on fire, but this dish doesn't do it for me.  Not just at OH, but anywhere really.Overall, the food was fantastic, and the service was great.  Wine, beer, and water glasses were never empty.  An excellent evening, and the price is in line with the high end steakhouses on the strip.  I will return and recommend you dine here as well...
1	Ribeye steak was so salty I could not eat it. To make it worse they did not take it off the bill.  So I ate $100 dollars worth of mac an cheese which was not very good either. My friend had the filet which was ok. I would not suggest this place to anyone.  The only thing good was the bread.  We did not see our waiter after he served us for 35 minutes when he asked if I wanted a desert since I could not eat the steak.
5	One of the best steakhouses I've been to. Service was great. Porterhouse for two ($100 total) was amazing... Part NY steak and part filet mignon. So tender and perfect amount of salt. Good portions for two people. Mushrooms on the side and an appetizer salad made a perfect balance for two. Total bill was about $160 before tip. Would definitely go again.
4	Pricey, but a good steak.  I had the bone-in filet and it did not disappoint.  We'll be back!
4	Tater tots! That's the single reason why I gave this place a four star instead of a three.  To be perfectly honest the steak was a disappointment.  The service was great, and I liked the location.  Excellent for people watching, but the tots were excellent.  I truly would go back for that reason.
4	When it was determined that we were coming to dinner here, I was like why? I just knew it was going to be horrible. A steakhouse with only 3 stars?But I have to disagree with Yelp on this.Our service was impeccable. From the bar where we started at until we walked up and left our dinner table. The executive chef even popped out and came to our table.I love a good steak. No sissy steak either. I want a good ribeye or porterhouse. For me a good steak is a nice piece of meat with excellent marbling in it. This just means good flavor and that you are going to have a tender piece of meat. I know some may shoot for me this but I am not a "fillet mignon" type of person. However, on this occasion, I knew I was not going to be able to eat a huge steak. I went withe petite "lady cut" of fillet.OMG. They converted me. It was a piece of butter. It ate so well and the flavor delicious. I added on a crab leg to my steak and it was just like seafood candy. So sweet and delicious.We also ordered a seafood platter. Fresh & delicious raw oysters and clams. Sweet and succulent shrimp and crab. Sides of tater tots, mac and cheese, asparagus, broccoli and mushrooms. I would have passed on the broccoli - nothing special. But those tater tots and mushrooms. AMAZING.Items are expensive. But this place is worth every dollar. Do yourself a favor. Splurge on an expensive bottle of red wine here. Worth every dollar.
5	We were staying at Ceasar's Palace and looking to grab a nice dinner before the Elton John show. We planned to go to Gordan Ramsey's Pub and Grill but it was booked. That's when we saw The Old Homestead restaurant. So glad they had availability. Best decision ever to eat there. We started with oysters Rockefeller. They were delicious and came with five nice size oysters. Then we moved on to our main course. We both got the petite (lady's cut) filets, medium rare. WOW. Ranks in my top five steaks of all time. It has a wonderful char on the outside but was perfectly medium rare on the inside. Tender and juicy. I ate the whole thing, which hardly ever happens. I also had mine topped with blue cheese which was delectable. For the side we had lobster Mac and cheese, which was the special that night. Creamy with lots of lobster and cheese. It was a huge portion. The two of us couldn't finish it. The wait staff was exceptional, really attentive and friendly. We had Charles for our waiter, you should ask for him.  Although I'm sure any waiter/waitress you get will be great. We were too full for dessert but the menu was extensive and sounded amazing. They have Baked Alaska which I've been dying to try. Was just too full. You will not be disappointed in this restaurant. Unless you like well done steaks, in which case I'm not sure you should even be allowed to eat steak.
1	Was here with a large group and perhaps my experience is not representative, but I would never go  back under any circumstances.We had five tables in a semi-private room and it was nearly an hour before our salad courses were served and another long delay before entrees were served and dessert service was equally slow.  But slow wasn't all that was wrong with the service.  Table clearing was erratic, no one inquired about the food served and they seem more interested in telling stories than listening to what their patrons wanted.The food sounds great on the menu, but don't count on what you get resembling the menu.  A salad with tomato and hearts of palm had 1 cherry tomato cut in half and a section of palm heart less than 1/2 inch cut into thin slices.  The rest was fancy lawn clipping in a vinegary dressing.The steak au poivre tasted ok and the prep was fine, but the chicken breast with fingerlings was dreadful.  I could have used the chicken breast as a dessicant for a shipping container.  I only tasted the chocolate cake and it was completely without merit.   Enough - don't need to beat a dead horse (although it might have been better than the chicken).
5	This place was a nice restaurant. The ambience was great and I enjoyed everything I had. First off, the service was great! The waitress checked on us a good amount of time to make sure everything was smooth. She had good knowledge of the food and helped recommend what interested us. Next, the food was more than I expected. We started off with the foie gras. It was seared and served with toast and jam. It was very fatty and soft. The meat melted in your mouth like butter. I ordered a filet migon with bone in. The meat was very easy to eat and had a lot of flavor. The creamed corn, Mac and cheese, and spinach were great sides to eat with the meal. Try this place!
5	Wow, amazing service and food. Our server was extremely nice to us and even tried to engage conversation with the 6-year-old we had with us, even though he was extremely shy. We really appreciated her efforts. When we stumbled on something from the menu, she would make a suggestion and described each dish succinctly. We had the seared foie gras, bone-in filet mignon, broiled live Maine lobster, sauteed spinach, creamed corn, mac and cheese, and mushrooms. Everything was greaaat. Not a bad thing to say about any of it! I definitely recommend starting off with the seared foie gras on toast and jam.
1	Still not sure what is making me choose 2 stars over 1 here... decided to take the trophy wife out to dinner for valentines day this past year... Since it was last minute, old homestead was the classiest i could do that had reservations available... Drinks were ok, Steak was really no big deal, service ok, but for the size of the bill vs. service/quality of food, this place is horrible.  looking at prices comparable to Gordon's Steak, but left me wishing i just went to outback for the food.  Main memory from the night... Wife asked the waitress about the truffles, waitress said, they were amazing and she just had some earlier in the day... Meal comes, we finish eating, truffles added nothing to our dinner... Waitress asked if we liked the truffles, we told her the truth, and she responds with... I'll have to give them a try, its been a few weeks since she has had truffles... a little honesty goes a long way.  Would I return?  No... if faced with the same issue next valentines day, ill just wait 90 minutes for a table at outback... it would be the same quality for much less of a price.  You are paying for a name here, not quality...  BTW, after i typed all this up, i justified switching my rating to one star, haha.
1	I cannot believe that people are giving this place good ratings!!!!  The only reason I am giving them 1 star was for the bread.  It was very good.  The rest of the dinner was absolutely horrible, the worst food I have ever eaten!  I had the lobster mac and cheese and it tasted like paste.  My daughter had the mushroom risotto and it was absolutely tasteless and disgusting.  And the wine list is even worse!  Horrible food, horrible wine, and all of it is over-priced, to boot!  I would have liked to give them no stars but alas, it is not possible.
4	Don't get me wrong, the food was good but for the price, I expected better quality. I guess the service made up for it.I went to Old Homestead on my last trip to Vegas almost half a year ago and went to Old Homestead for the first time. It was a big group of us, maybe about 20 people, and everyone was pleased. I had the filet mignon, it was cooked perfectly.I figured I'd try something different this time so I splurged a little and had the 5oz Japanese Wagyu (somewhere around $150). I asked for no pepper on it. It's not an allergy, just a strong dislike. I was hoping that when someone ordered a bit of a nicer cut that they would pay more attention to the requests but I ended up scraping the pepper off in the end. My fault, I could've sent it back but I didn't want to be THAT butt. It was good and all but I've had Japanese Wagyu before and it was definitely more tender than the piece I had. You definitely need to order a side with the Wagyu as it is extremely marbled and very rich if you have it on it's own. Again, it was cooked perfectly so I guess I have to give them credit for 2 perfect steaks out of 2.My mom had the King Crab legs and finished them happily but all she could say was they were good but she'd had better. Stick to the steak at the steak house but if you want seafood, their seafood tower was very satisfying on the first visit.Finally, dessert! Hot cookie in a skillet with a giant ball of ice cream and a Creme Brulee. Two very happy desserts to end the night. Nothing amazingly out of the ordinary but very pleasing!We had a great waiter so that made all the difference. Unfortunately, I can't remember his name but he was a man! Maybe that'll narrow it down for you.
5	YESSSS!!! I'm sad that there are only 3 stars of this place. The food, atmosphere and staff were all wonderful! Came here on my birthday and Noah, the waiter was incredible! Here's what we ordered: Colossal Crab Cake - Chunks of endless crab, crab & more crab! DELISH! Did I mention plentiful amount of crabs?!?!! Lobster Mac & Cheese - YUM! Such a treat and more than enough for 2! Gotham Ribeye - Husband had this and this is what they were famous for - He loved it and finished the whole thing without hesitation! Rack of Lamb - This was my dish -  Boy, do they give you A LOT! You get 2 double bone in lamb chops (4 chops altogether) with a whole bunch of other goodies that pair nicely. Sadly, I finished all the meat but left a pinch of meat on each bone. Not gamey at ALL and the taste was remarkable! I really wanted to chew on the bones, but I had no room left!!!Dessert: Banana Bread Pudding on a cask iron - OH BOY! I had a candle on the side for my b-day which made it extra special! Overall, everything was wonderful and we couldn't have selected a better place for my birthday! Thank you ALL!
4	Came here during CES, place has a great ambiance and is conveniently located in Caesars Palace. Service is fantastic, our server was great. - Seafood Tower: though pricey, I think it's actually a pretty good deal compared with the rest of the seafood on the menu. Presentation was great. All very fresh and very tasty. My personal favorite was the king crab legs. - Thick Cut Applewood-Smoked Bacon: would've never ordered this on my own, but with that said - soo delicious. Big plate of bite-sized thick cut bacon. - Ribeye 'Gotham': don't usually see ribeyes on the bone. This came out a little more rare than we asked for, but it was still delicious (and I'm usually not a huge steak fan). - Sides: Mac and four cheese (great), Brussels sprouts (meh, have had better), roasted mushrooms (great), and gnocchi with truffle butter (pretty good).- Duck fat fries: flavor was pretty light, hint of duck fat. - Desserts: bread pudding (amazing! almost like a banana foster, sitting in syrup), cast iron cookie (like a pizookie, ice cream on fresh baked cookie, it was okay), creme brulee (good, standard/no spin).
4	16 oz Bone in Filet cooked medium rare to perfection.  Sides were really good with a huge thumbs up to the potato gnocchi with truffle butter sauce.  Only disappointment was wedge salad.  Good but not great.
1	Wow!!! I came to Las Vegas to have a great time, eat good food and above. My mother and I went to the Old Homestead Steakhouse @ Caesars Palace LV because we heard rave about it and we were craving steak. We got in line to see if we could be seated. There were a lot of people standing around to be seated and the restaurant was packed. The women that were behind the podium did not say " We'll be right with you" or anything to us. They were just in their own bubble. We were standing there for about 10 minutes until a woman worker looked over my mothers head and asks the people behind us have you been helped. Mind you that we were right in front of the podium. The men behind us asked if we have been helped and we said "no". The women whose name I did not get looks at my mom and says "What is it". My mother and I were instantly confused, mad, and upset. We gave you the decency to wait for you to help us. This incident gave me an epiphany and I will NEVER go to this restaurant again!!  I give this restaurant no stars but yelp would not let me continue without putting a star. Does not deserve any stars!(Wipes hands clean)
3	This is a mediocre restaurant compared to all the other nearby Vegas restaurants and of course it's also very expensive. First off, the service here was a little disappointing. We were seated with no menus and had to ask for it ourselves after sitting there for a bit and we were all starving. Everything took awhile to come out and all three of our steaks were bloody when we had ordered medium. Oh well, we were too hungry to send it back to the kitchen and the guy also gave us an annoyed look so we just ate what we could. Since the steaks don't come with a side, I decided to order the $25 truffle mac and cheese. It was overly cheesy and very heavy with minimal truffle flavor. The only thing I really enjoyed was the gigantic King crab legs and Seared Foie Gras on the Belgium waffle. My American Wagyu Steak was also pretty tender, just wish it wasn't undercooked so I could've actually enjoyed it.
3	I had the bone off ribeye definitely tasty but for the price had better elsewhere.  For my side I went basic with the baked potato it was big enough for 2 but not worth the price again.  My friend had sirloin and he also liked it but had better tasting steak.
5	Wowsers!!!!!!! This is probably the best steakhouse I've been too ... Probably better then mastros!! The tator tarts r to die for!!!!!! Omg thinking about it makes me wanna drool.
5	Been to Vegas 13 times and have eaten at probably a dozen steakhouses. Found good reviews on this one so we gave it a try.Its at Caesars near the sportsbook. We were seated near the entrance, which was loud, but that's the only negative. The service was quick - we ordered blue cheese lettuce wedges, Jumbo shrimp cocktail to start off with. Pricey, but let me tell you, it is truly jumbo shrimp. My goodness, I had no idea shrimp could be that big. We both ordered Swordfish for dinner with roasted mushrooms and mac n cheese. Im telling you the swordfish was huge, and cooked to perfection. My wife couldn't eat it all. The mushrooms and mac n cheese come out family style in their own hot pans. They were a great compliment to the meal. We couldn't eat it all there was so much.Spent about $200 for dinner and a drink. This place is worth a try if you are looking for a great dinner in a nice casino.
5	One of the best steak dinner's in recent memory. The appetizers were amazing. We had the 1/2" bacon, a seafood tower, and a few other items. The steak was cooked to perfection.
4	This place gets a lot of heat of bad reviews. That didn't stop me from eating here though. I came here with my friends during the tradeshow season. It was fully packed that night. They did all the ordering and I sat back to enjoy the food. We had the rib eye steak, brussels sprouts, lobster mac, and bread basket. The food and service was all amazing. The juicy steak, maple brussels sprouts, lobster mac were just delicious.. Recommendation: Steak , brussels sprouts, lobster mac.. It was all awesome!No need to write much here. Just come and enjoy the beef
4	closer to 3 1/2 but I really liked our waiter and table next to the walk (asked for it and they said ok).Had the American waygu and it was very good......It's vegas and whatever not going to even bring up the price.  I will bring up the fact when you put that on the menu you need to make sure it is perfect......it was very good.  Had the bacon app (yes get it) and side of lobster mac....better at mastroes......Really liked the wine list and again how they made it easy but their are better places in vegas for the price.
2	This is by far the worst steakhouse! We ordered the filet and the Wagyu steak both over cooked had to send back 1/2 hour later still waiting. Waiter nor manger has come by to offer anything. Not good service. Never coming back!!
5	This place has the best steak I've had in Las Vegas, and perhaps anywhere I've ever been.  My girlfriend and I were celebrating her birthday and it was incredibly important that we made the most of our 50 hour stay in Vegas for several reasons.  This place not only had some of the best service we experienced at Caesar's Palace, but it also has the largest and most delicious steak I've had on the strip and was a perfect end to a really wonderful day!Some of the veggies were a little less than perfect so they're just shy of a 5 star review, but so much better than a four star (so I rounded up!) Recommend the brussels sprouts, the steak for 2 (you get filet and NY Strip, and both are AMAZING).
5	A steakhouse is a steakhouse is a steakhouse.A Las Vegas Strip steakhouse is a great steakhouse is an expensive steakhouse. Yes, the beef was very fine. The doneness was spot on. The mushrooms were delish. The cocktails were perfect. The bill was exorbitant. Yadda yadda yadda. That can be said for just about any steakhouse on the Strip (and I've been to several).What sets the Old Homestead Steakhouse apart and will make us repeat diners is the wonderful service we received that made our evening.We stopped by here after being told there was an hour-and-a-half long wait at Mesa Grill. The hostess remembered us from the night before (we had tried to stop for a nightcap the previous night, but were told by the assistant manager that they were closed). She said there were cancellations and she could seat us immediately. Nice. We were shown to a table, brought bread and water right away, and told that our server would be Kevin. Kevin turned out to be one of those industry pros, he'd been a server with the Caesar's restaurant for 30-some years. We took to him immediately as he matched our mood and temperament, and was happy to chat with us and give us the time and interaction we were looking for, even though he had at least two other large parties he was taking care of. The smallest of gestures caught his eye. He anticipated our needs. He was there with a hot finger towels after I was done gnawing on the bone of our NY steak. A quick note on the steaks - they had some interesting bone-in cuts you don't usually find at other steakhouses. The bone-in filet is on my bucket list.The assistant manager came by at one point to apologize again for having to turn us away last night and thank us for coming back and giving the restaurant another change. We had to commend Kevin to the manager, Perry, who was very gracious and gave us his number for future reservations. Kevin said he'd make sure we got a better table next time too, although I didn't think there was anything wrong with the table we had. We didn't have dessert, as nothing in particular appealed to me and dinner was quite satisfying already. So we finished with port and scotch instead and I had the hankering for a bit of chocolate to go with my scotch. Kevin came to the rescue again, bringing me some dark chocolate curls that hit the spot. The Old Homestead treated us like regulars even though it was only our first time there. I think there is something to be said for a steakhouse or any restaurant that can make you feel that way on a first visit :)
5	5 Star all the way!My sister and I went to Vegas together and decided to treat ourselves for a night of luxury.  The restaurants were completely booked, so we went to check out this place.  While it was booked as well, the wait time wasn't as long as other places.We were seated graciously, taken our drinks and food order.  Bread was deliciously warm and PERFECT.  (huge bread lover over here) so they got even more brownies points for that.I am usually not one who will pay a hefty price for food, but this place was IT!  The steak was amazingly good with so much flavor and easy to cut with the knife.  The mashed potatoes were perfectly soft and delicate and melted in your mouth.  I could not get enough of this place and making me think about it now, makes my mouth water.SOOOOO GOOD!  I can't wait to go back to Vegas and dine here.  Please note a steak can cost you about $50+, but soooo worth it!Customer service was AMAZING AND very courteous.
3	Service was excellent. The hosts - 2 male in suits - were very friendly and told us tons about the restaurant. 1. How they raised their beef - it goes through a strict diet in the months before slaughter... (something like they only feed them corn or something like that). 2. The interior deco of the restaurant - it sorta fees like you are dining underneath a bridge. Metals from a deconstructed bridge in NYC was brought here and used for its deco. 3. How much they loved working there and pride themselves on service. Food wise, I felt that the beef didn't quite measure up to the hosts' high praise (which might have set our expectations too high). Firstly, the marbling wasn't good. The cut was too lean. Secondly, not every part of the meat was cooked evenly... some closer to well-done than medium. Hence, some parts were more dry than others. Thirdly, some parts had too much salt on it. Overall, it was still a decent steak... better than most places... but nowhere close to the ohmi wagyu beef I had at Shinzo, Singapore. The Japanese really know their beef. More that the Americans it seems! Some say they feed their beef only sake and massage them everyday! However, Old Homestead Steakhouse does make a pretty mean potato tots! Very delicious! Now this was possible one of the best I've had! :) Ironically, we left more impressed by their potatoes than their steak.
5	Local friend recommended this restaurant in Caesar Palace. It's pricey but totally worth the money. Our waiter is an Italian guy. He is the most knowledgable waiter I have ever met when it comes to red wine and food ingredients . But my bad,I forget his name. We ordered meatball, truffle ,shrimp, scallops and salmon. Pretty impressive. In fact, everything was amazing, flavorful and beautifully presented, even bread basket. I will upload some pics. If you don't need to budget , it will be great to get one of each on the menu :) Simply one of the best restaurants in Vegas.
2	We went last night at 7pm. My first steak was over cooked after waiting for the second steak it had loads of gristle!  This is the third visit and likely will be our last. To be fair, my husband's Kobe beef burger was awesome but it is supposed to only be ordered at the bar. The manager also took the price of my NY strip off the bill after I explained I had two bad steaks (the first I only took 2 bites and the second my husband had 2 bites because he thought it was not possible to have two bad steaks and I had 2 bites.... could barely cut it and I had to swallow gristle because it is wrong to spit it out).
4	Underrated!! Spent a lovely evening here enjoying the food,wine and great drinks. All surpassed the expectation and before I move on to the meal I'd like to stress that the service here was exceptional. No drink was ever drained without a replacement, no goblet left to be poured or empty plate whisked away all without the slightest intrusion. The staff was knowledgable and very welcoming and the restaurant itself was charming. It is inside the casino and gets a lot of traffic. That's probably the only thing that detracts from its location as it is not at all insulated from the walkway. We started with Pom martini's, steamed crab legs and beet and house salads. We had strip, Bone in filet and shrimp along with the usual sides. The truffled mashed was so good and really at $28 it should be! 2 orders were polished off and so worth it. Overall a great experience and really nothing left to be desired. I will miss those truffled mashed here in Chi town and this will go on my rotation went next in Vegas. Again, I can't explain why it's underrated because as I've mentioned it was a pleasure from service to food and I can't name a highlight in this meal because it was all very good. Will miss it!
4	Can't go wrong with a steak house like this. Great steak options prepared perfectly. Outstanding wine selection. Great for business, date, solo or groups. 3 Mac and Cheese options- Truffle is by far the best.
1	Update: old homestead refunded my entire meal after previous post. Like I said before this restaurant WAS our favorite place to go in vegas.Update: they put the charge back on the card. I will definitely not be going back!
5	Amazing, quality ingredients great food and service , don't eat meat and actually had the best halibut I have ever had at this Steakhouse.Professional service , we rushed the server as we were going to a show and he was still able to deliver !
5	Not often do I go to restaurants and love everything especially expensive restaurants, I feel I set the bar quite high but the Homestead delivered. The food, the service, the atmosphere it was all just wonderful. I had the tomato, mozzarella salad as a started followed by the steamed lobster recommended to me by our super lovely server Raphael. It was perfectly cooked. My aunt and partner each got the rib eye while my uncle had the 3 oz Kobe beef. The rib eyes were fabulous and cooked to perfection but the Kobe beef ($90) was melt in your mouth delicious. Literally just fell to pieces.. It was almost like avocado. So soft, juicy and tender. If you can afford to I would definitely recommend trying it! We paired our meal with a $65 red from napa Valley called Fran something or other which was smooth and easy to drink. The four of us just loved everything about the place. Oh and even though I'm not a sweets or dessert person we shared the baked chocolate chip cookie with ice cream... Big enough for 4 people!!  If you like coconut, you should try it as well!! Will I be back?? Yes definitely!!
4	Best service i ever had! Had dinner on 4th of July. Luckily there was a few tables open at 8pm. Seated quickly. ordered some wine. The free bread was delicious. I went ahead and ordered the Ribeye. The gf ordered the seafood platter on chilled ice. my daughter got a side of mac and cheese. Every dish was good beside my ribeye was burnt on the outside a bit. Anyways this is a romantic dinner atmosphere. Not a cheap place at all. Our bill came out toe $200 or so. Thats vegas for you. Would try again but way too expensive. Give it a shot.
1	Ahh, Old Homestead. This is my third visit in three years. My first visit was a 5 star experience (service and food standard), but sadly, each year's experience gets worse. All three years, I've ordered the same: Porterhouse steak for two (about $110) + foie gras ($16 to $20) + truffle gnocchi ($16) (and some additional sides). This visit, my party was 6, so we ordered multiple Porterhouse and a whole bunch of sides. When the food arrived, we were so disappointed. The steaks were overcooked and charred at the sides. Foie gras was small and burnt at the top (not seared). I brought it up to the server and he gave excuses. I didn't want to make a scene so I brought up a pic of the previous year's unburnt foie and he promised to do something about my tiny, burnt one. After a long while, he came back with another dish of foie. Sigh. Just as burnt and small. But gratis, so I stopped complaining. I really want to like this place, I've had good memories. Servers are all very attentive and professional. If this was a review only about the front of the house, I'd give it 5 stars. But the food. Ugh. Party of 6's bill was approx $650. Dinner on 8 July.
5	I'm very surprised that this restaurant has such low rating. Me and my husband decided to have a quick bite that turned out to be amazing dinner before our flight. Service was exceptional. Could not ask for more. Food was absolutely mind blowing (considering that me and my husband are big time foodies and have dined in the finest restaurants around the world). Wine was amazing as well. Special thanks to James who was our server who made our dinner even more phenomenal. Definitely coming back again
3	The food is fantastic... The issue began when the servers were almost competing for who served us.  After that my wife ordered her steak medium-well and it came out rare.  We sent that back optimistic that a little more time would bring the steak to medium well but when it came back it was charred on the outside and almost to medium.. At this point the server involved the manager and the manager began throwing comps at us..  We had them completely refire our entrees.All in all we had a great meal but this restaurant needs to train their employees how to cook steaks to all temperatures..
5	Came to dine with some friends , I had an amazing time! The staff was wonderful! The service was beyond perfect. The food was out in a timely manner and the taste was even better. I would definitely recomend this location to my friends and family. My experience was so wonderful I know I will be returning. Thank you for making us feel at home!
3	Old homestead is a Nice steakhouse in a good location at Caesars. Solid food and solid service. My issue is that it is nothing special in a town full of restaurants with that extra wow factor. If you're in town and would like to have a business dinner this would be a great place for you however if you're looking to wine and dine your date look elsewhere.
4	Best Steakhouse in Vegas the lollipop ribeye was awesome, a big dinosaur bone. A little pricey but well worth it for that special occasion. Bradley was my server and him and his team gave excellent service. I felt like a VIP
5	The decor is clean and reminiscent of a city landscape, yet cozy. The service is personable and attentive without being overwhelming. The wine list is superb. The food is absolutely impeccable. I recommend this steakhouse as my number one favorite!
2	The meat is fantastic. Lilly pop does not disappoint, if gotten medium rare. But this place does not take alergias seriously. I have a dary thing, and while the food was fantastic,  the night and part of next morning was shot, in the worst way.
2	Here's the thing:  If you are going to charge upscale steakhouse prices, then you better serve me a steak that is how I ordered it.  Period, end of story.  I ordered a filet, cooked medium well with NO PEPPER added.  I was very clear that whatever pepper was already on the meat prior to cooking was fine, but I can't stand tasting the pepper on my finished steak.  I'm a firm believer that pepper should be to taste and not done back in the kitchen.  The server assured me he would add the note for no additional pepper.  The filet came and it was cooked perfectly but drowning in pepper.  The pepper was fresh, not cooked off and clearly had been finished off with a couple rounds of the shaker--totally disregarding my request.  UGH.  I tried to cut the top portion of my filet off, but I still tasted it.  So I sent it back.  I waited while everyone else at the table enjoyed their steaks.  The filet eventually came out, but this time they decided to "butterfly" it to make it cook faster (odd because I still waited a long time).  What happens when you butterfly a steak but still cook to requested temperature of medium well?  An over-cooked piece of meat for $50.  A total loss.  My husband had eaten halibut for dinner, so graciously offered to eat it for me but agreed it was terrible.  Bottom line:  if you aren't going to give me what I ordered, then don't charge me for the steak.  It's that simple.  I'm adding a star because my first visit to the Homestead was in June and I had a perfect filet.
3	Before the Seinfeld show, I came here for dinner.  I was seated in a great area that gave me some privacy but I still had a view of the tourists walking by as they went down the hallway toward the Nobu Hotel section of Caesars.My server was Roque and he was excellent throughout my time there.  He was at the table quickly with menus and taking my drink order.  He made some recommendations and I had some questions about the size of different items on the menu.  In the end, I opted for the 16 ounce bone in filet and an order of duck fat fries.  I asked for the steak to be extra rare.  A bit later, Roque returned and asked if I wanted the steak seared on each side.The bread service was good with two kinds of bread--mini loaves of salted topped herb bread and two baguette rolls.  The butter was unsalted but the salt on the one loaf made up for it.  My iced tea was brought promptly and it was always refilled without asking throughout the time I was there.  Empty sweetener packs were removed quickly.The steak was brought and it had an excellent char and was beautifully rare.  It was also a very flavorful steak.  The duck fries were seasoned well but there was nothing out of the ordinary with them.  I really wanted to pick up the bone and gnaw some more meat off but I decided against that.I ordered doughnut bread pudding for dessert.  They make doughnuts every day, cool them, pull them apart, mix them back together with the liquid necessary to form bread pudding and bake it in a ring.  Later, it's reheated, topped with caramel sauce and a dollop of vanilla bean ice cream.  It was very good and a great way to end a meal.  There's no reason to mess around with an appetizer when you can save room for the sweet ending!Roque came back several times during the meal to see if everything was OK and to check to see if I needed anything.  He learned that I was a local and we had some small talk about things to do around Las Vegas that make this place such a wonderful place to live--like hiking to work off a meal.This was a good meal.  It's definitely Strip pricing and Caesars pricing, too, which makes it more than some other steakhouses of equal quality in the resort corridor.
5	Excellent!!!! The best steak ever! They have live main lobster which is great! They have wonderful ceaser salad and great appetizer list! The best thing is dessert! Doughnut bread pudding with vanilla bean ice cream! Omg!
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants on the strip! I love the appetizer menu, if I ever need a snack to fill me up on my way home from work. I stop by here. The service is always wonderful! And the chocolate cake is to die for!! I always make sure to bring my friends whenever they are visiting from out of town, because they're always blown away!
5	I had a nice dinner here with my family for my birthday and I have to give it two thumbs up!! The Ribeye "Gotham" is.the.best!!!! We also ordered the filet mignon which was delicious as well but it was the rib-eye that REALLY made my night. Haha! It's pretty big so we actually requested to split it for two people.  It is pricey but definitely worth it! We also got the Smoked Balik Salmon which was good too and mashed potatoes and gnocchi for our sides . The waiter was very kind and attentive and also gave me a complimentary cake for my birthday! Yay! I will definitely be back!!
5	This place is amazing!  ( pricey). Tower appetizers has lobster/shrimp/oysters/crab. Wonderful.  Steak with bone just falls off. Mac n cheese with truffles super rich.  Beautiful bread basket. Sides are a la carte    Corey our server was awesome!  Had a blast. Super fun and friendly
2	We had dinner on Sunday (10/12/14) I went there for the Halibut but they were so I to order the steak. I was very disappointed in the entire experience. The service was bad. The crab cake was not good at all, the salad was okay, nothing great. But the worst of all, my husband added a lobster tail ($49.00) with his steak, wow, it was so over cooked you couldn't even chew it! I said something to the waiter and he didn't seem to care. And the presentation was really BAD, it was like they just toss it in a pan and burnt it. I don't know about you, but I like my lobster out of shell and on top. I won't be returning. Vegas has so many great restaurants and this is not one of them.
3	Not impressed. There were six of us. Three of our steaks were not cooked to order. The lobster bisque soup was not very flavorful. The side dishes of Brussels sprouts, Mac & cheese and spinach were actually the best part.  For the price (because your steak is $50. alone and sides are separate) it's not worth it. I did have the filet and although I ordered it medium and it came medium well it was very delicious.  The server was very witty and we enjoyed her but it's extremely loud and hard to hear each other and your server but it is Vegas.
2	This is just a suggestion to the management from a "regular guy." If you're closing time is posted for 10:30pm, why does seating end at 9:45? (according to the hosts) Maybe just say you close at 9:45. Not only will it cause less confusion, it might help said confused, (who rush to get there at 9:47 and be told,"sorry we're completely booked for tonight" as they glance at your "open for the world to see" dining area to see about 7 or so empty tables) not seeth with hate, rage and contempt at your establishment. Just a suggestion...
2	Sit down and eat then GTFO! That's my experience here. The food was 2 star and so was the service. I am a LV local and they made me feel like a tourist from London. As In I'm never coming back so who cares. Bonus awful was the chicks who seat you. Bored and vapid. It made me feel welcome.
4	I think this place is much better than Lawry's. Well, it's a bit pricy but it worth the try.We had the seared foie gras, shrimp cocktail( the shrimp was huge), both the east and west oysters(west side oysters are a bit smaller but very creamy and sweet), and for the main entree we had the rib eye and prim rib. I highly recommend the ribeye, it's very tender and juicy.The service was friendly and the waiter was very professional helping us out with the food selections.Well, just a must try :)
3	I've always wanted to try this place since steak is one of my favorite foods. Ordered the French onion soup as an appetizer which was pretty good. Main course of Japanese A5 and was disappointed. I even left a piece over for my dogs---tasted very meat-y which I don't like. I like buttery steaks which is why I ordered the A5. If this is what you're looking for go to Gordon Ramsay Steak instead!My absolute favorite part of the meal were the brussell sprouts!  They had slices of maybe Parmesan cheese? So delicious! All the other sides we had were mediocre (potatoes). Lastly, the cheesecake was really good and for lack of a better word, moist. Or maybe it was because I haven't had a piece of cheesecake in a while? But it was worth it. Overall, I would come again but I would never waste the money on an A5 from here again.
5	Honestly, I'm very surprised that this place has such a low rating. I check every place on yelp before going there except this one (me and my husband were hungry so we just jumped in here) and had the most terrific meal in our life (and we are pretty picky and have dined in micheline star restaurants all over the world). Steaks are amazing! My jewish husband is a bi fan of bacon (lol) and this place is his holly grail. Wine is fantastic (that's pretty much all us women need when their husbands are having their bacon). Service is good too. We have been in this restaurant for 4 times now and every time when we walk in we have tell each other "I can't believe this place has 3.5 stars on yelp".
3	Nice menu selection. I had a filet mashed potatoes and asparagus. Everything tasted good but certainly nothing you wouldn't get in any quality steakhouse. The reason I won't go back is the price. Everything was overpriced especially the extras like appetizers salads and sides. Not worth the money. There are equal and better places for less
1	Opentable showed reservations available at 7:15, 7:30, 7:45 and so on.  It was 7:12pm and since I was nearby, I decided to walk up and grab a table without making a reservations.  I asked for a table and was told it would be a 75 minute wait.  I showed the hostess the app with availability on my phone and was told their system and our system are different.  Complete BS.  Even if I made a reservation on the spot, she said they could not honor it. No wonder the hotel is going bankrupt....they want to piss off their loyal customers.
2	Ate here with my wife last night on the first night of our honeymoon. I researched it and made the reservation about 6 months ago. Was very unimpressed and underwhelmed. Ordered a seafood tower for $150 dollars which the waiter assured me would be enough food. It only came with one dozen oysters and skimpy amount of crab and lobster. I've eaten at expensive NYC restaurants and ordered seafood towers that cost MORE than that but had double the amount of good. I told the waiter I thought the tower was really weak and he said I could order more food, but the bill was already well over 200 with drinks and appetizers so I thought it was best to call it quits. This is my first time in town and I know that everything is very expensive here, but come on give me a break. I knew I was going out to buy a very expensive dinner, I would just like to get something back in return. Also the appetizer was over $20 and microscopic. I regret ever going to this restaurant.
