3	We visited the Burgundy Lion for lunch on a Tuesday. We arrived at 12 noon and already the pub was filling up.  Great interior, very similar to a British pub/bar in London. The choice of beers was excellent with Guinness, Boddingtons etc etc. Service was fast and the menu is slick and to the point. There wasn't pages and pages of dishes which is so off putting when you only have a short lunch break. Plenty of British traditions such as Fish and Chips, Bangers and Mash, Ploughmans, and good old indian curry. We ordered the Highland burger with french fries and also the Tikka Masala curry with naan bread. I was asked how I liked my burger cooked which was a surprise to hear for a lunchtime pub so after this question I expected a great burger. Much to say, I was very disappointed. The burger was tiny within a huge bun. It literally sat in the middle like a meatball while the bun remained soggy. It was difficult to pick up and fell apart. The meat was very dry, almost like it was reheated rather than freshly cooked. The tikka masala curry was also very dry, like it was cooked and then reheated in the microwave. There wasn't any moisture in the sauce at all more-so like curry paste stuck to the chicken. I must say though the french fries that came with the burger were the best I had ever had and their homemade sauce was excellent. However $45 for two lunch main dishes, a pint of Guinness and a panache was too much especially for the overly cooked and very dry food.
4	We visited as a group of four on a Saturday evening to celebrate a birthday.  It was definitely an enjoyable meal!The food is great.  The menu has all kinds of traditional pub fare, such as fish and chips, bangers and mash, etc, but extremely well done.  We started off with stuffed yorkshire puddings and samosas.  I would definitely return one evening just to have a pint and some more yorkshire puddings, they were that good.  Our mains were equally excellent, and well presented too.  It is a beautiful space, I could tell a lot of time and $$$ went into renovations.  The only downfall was that the waitstaff could have been a little more attentive.  It wasn't all that busy, and yet we sometimes had a hard time getting a hold of our waitress to ask for our bill, and then to actually pay.
4	A great English-style pub in a the heart of the up-and-coming Little Burgundy. Good beer, good service, nice atmosphere and great pub food.If you're in the food for a tasty pub mean and Guinness, try out Little Burgundy.
4	It was by the luck of the draw that I even heard of this Brittish Pub in Montreal. I was listening at The Montreal Burger Reports' Podcast on Dilallo Burgers. Since the guys needed some hops to start off their review and Dilallo serves none they stopped by Burgundy Lion's Pub and linked to it in their podcast. I took one look at the pictures of their food and thought that if the food is only half as good as it looks I would be plenty satisfied. So off I went for some Pub Grub.At first I was surprised by the look of the place. It's definitely not a dingy musty old pub. It's modern but still keeps an old England feel to it. Extremely clean and I can't say enough how much I love that. The place is crowded and had I known we could I would have made reservations but despite being packed, the service never forgot about us as we drank at a standing bar shelf. We struck gold and got seated in their tiny interior terrace which was a thing of beauty and had a Tardis on the second floor. The owner(s) definitely knows who to keep mens attention by picking the simplest yet sexiest outfit for the feminine section of his service team - the white camisole - it just works.Sadly the service barely handed us the menu and asked us if we were ready to order. Slow down Nelly, we just got here and it's our first time. But she did make a valiant effort to speak French and after letting her trip and stumble for a few minutes we switched to English and began with the house chips, as in homemade Potato Chips. And seriously, I'm ruined. I don't know how I can ever eat a bag of chips after getting still warm, thick freshly fried potato chips served to me. This was a first for me and the first of many firsts for the evening to follow.As starters we ordered the Scotch Egg and Cod Fish Cakes. The Cod Fish Cakes were something I had never tried before but wanted to. Fishcakes are made of - of course - fish and potato mash crusted and fried - yes fried; you just can't go wrong with fried. They served it with a tasty curry sauce. The fishcakes were quite peppery which contrary to my usual tastes, I quite enjoyed. My friend's starter was the Scotch Egg and I suddenly feel the need use a lot of expletives to describe how good this was. I had never heard of a Scotch Egg before and shall never forget it. This was the winning dish of the evening, for me anyway. A Scotch Egg consists of a shelled hard-boiled egg, wrapped in a pork mixture, coated in breadcrumbs, and deep-fried. Scotch eggs are commonly eaten cold, typically with salad and pickles but they served it with some kind of compote I didn't care for - the egg alone was just insanely awesome and will definitely be having it as my starter at my next visit - because there will be a next visit.Now for the main course I hit the Sunday Roast, a British classic it seems and foolishly I wanted it because I had to try the Yorkshire Pudding. This was a mistake on my part. Been dying to have a Yorkshire Pudding and sadly I was somewhat disappointed; it tasted like a pancake in the form of a muffin - well I tried. But let's get to that roast, oh baby. I could pull it apart with my fork. It was perfectly seasoned and had this crust on the outside that was bursting with flavor. It also had two sides of veggies and this is where it gets weird. It had a side of beyond delicious roasted roots - including potatoes - and all were perfectly sweet and flavorful from - hopefully - roasting alongside the succulent Angus beef I was eating. And then another side of potatoes, this side is mashed. Sadly it was dryer than the British sense of humor and I fail to see why I needed mashed potatoes when I already had roasted potatoes right next to it. The mash was horrible and the roasted root veg were awesome. I would have gone mad with delight having simply more roasted veggies. The peppered gravy supplied for the Roast and the Pudding was lukewarm. I should have simply complained about this but I did not for some strange reason. There was also some horseradish sauce of which I did not partake because I have no taste for it. But as a whole the dish was great, I consider the superfluous mash a minor faux-pas.For desert I had the Raspberry Trifle. It was kind of a disaster, thankfully I don't go to pubs for desert but on my first run at a restaurant I go through everything. The custard was liquid and bland. The sponge cake was rock hard - not even soaking up the liquid custard - and the raspberry coulis was way too sweet. The whipped cream was delicious.As a final review, the upscale pub grub was overall a hit for me. Fresh Chips, both starters and the main were fantastic with the exception of a few missteps and a seriously troubled trifle I cannot under good judgment give it anything less than a 4 out of 5 stars. I'm already dying to go back.
5	Fun atmosphere, tasty food, some star-watching if you are lucky, and nice cold beer.  What more can you ask for?
2	I went to the pub on a Thursday late afternoon. It wasn't busy, just a few other people. I tried their St Henri brew, which was decent. What I didn't like was that the service sucked big time. The bar maid came and took my order as soon as I sat down. She asked if I was eating, I let her know that I wasn't sure. She dropped off my drink and left. I couldn't seem to get her attention for any follow up service. You see I decided that I was hungry. For 20 minutes after I finished my beer I just couldn't seem to get any service at all. She just kept talking to other staff behind the bar.I left and had a sandwich at Toi et Moi instead.Now I thought that this might be an aberation. But my new next door neighbour was moving in today. He said that after he closed on his condo yesterday, he went over for a drink. He found that the bartender acted as if she was doing him a favour in serving him. So that is two experiances in two days. I don't know about my neighbour. But I have crossed them off my list of places to go or to recommend. In fact I would go so far as to tell people to run the other way if they are invited there.
4	Located south of downtown Montreal in Saint-Henri, this two-floor English pub is a wonderful little establishment which serves microbrews and some pretty tasty food. Let me just start by saying that to Quebec can brew some pretty tasty beer. I would know, I down three pints of this wonderful Blanche De Chambly, a wheat beer brewed locally. It was wonderful, I was in heaven. Add to that a very tasty bleu cheese poutine which I had along with an order of vegetarian samosa and I pretty downed about 10,000 calories in one sitting. Ok, maybe not that many but just don't tell my personal trainer at the gym. The poutine was wonderful and the blue cheese added a  whole new array of flavors to this guilty, unhealthy but yet too-delicious to avoid dish that is poutine.The prices were good, the service friendly although they weren't been very nice when we asked them if they could turn on the television on our floor so we could watch game six of the NHL playoffs. Eventually they did and EVERYONE was watching. I don't understand why they we not cooperating about it in the first place... A neat establishment, I had a good time.
3	Anne B is right. It's a solid 3 stars but it didn't make it to the 4th star. I went there Saturday after seeing some great review at Canal Evasion (it's a french-canadian channel for travelling and local spots to visit, this program is VOIR. Voir has in my opinion one of the most accurate rating in Restoration, which is why I'm kind of disappointed to give such a low note - sorry long parenthesis)I arrived there by 8 PM and it was quite pack. Not that it such be important but Waitresses that works there are SOLID! Well punk background kind of help me appreciate the style. Dress with a tank-top with braces and a jean. The manager looked like he was on the verge of losing control. I went with 2 friends and after drinking half of my pint we got a table. Once at the table, it took a solid 10 minutes to receive a menu and another 5 minutes before I had my second pint. Seeing the table beside me receiving loads of attention while we couldn't get serve increased my level of annoyance. The waiter / manager was competent but was so busy that it was quite difficult to get a hold of him. I had a Fish N Chip, Classic, solid, really good and fresh. I'll return and I am hoping to get a better service and maybe then I will increase my review to 4 stars.
4	Oh my god the brunch here is so good! You can get an actual english breakfast here! The "full" comes with two eggs, blood sausage (perfect crumbly, melt-in-your-mouth goodness), thick cut bacon, bubble and squeak (like a cabbage hash brown), beans, a roasted tomato with mushrooms, and a choice of crumpets, english muffin, or toast. They also have kippers if you're into that kind of thing. You get so much food and it's so good that it always breaks my heart when I can't finish it. They kept the coffee coming (a MUST) and the service was fast and friendly. Bigger and better than Sparrow on St. Laurent (the other brunch place that does English Breaky) and, although it's always been busy, I've never had to wait more than 5-10 min for a table. Plus little burgundy-- the SW Montreal area it's in-- is so cool right now, and it's only a few blocks away from the Atwater Market. Couldn't ask for a better way to spend a Sunday. It's just too bad that all the antique shops that neighbor this place are closed on Sundays, but they do make for great window shopping. Just always a great experience.
4	The thing I love most about brunching in Montreal is the variety you'll find in the restaurants and the unique offerings of places like the Burgundy Lion. Admittedly, I'm a little biased towards anything that'll give me a nice cut of beef before noon, but their bubble & squeak is just one of the awesome offerings on their menu. Ranging from about $7 to $15, the prices are really reasonable and the food is well worth it. If you're heading there during the week, the English-inspired lunches and dinners (including Indian curry dishes that add some extra English authenticity) are also a treat, with extra points to the chocolate-chip bread pudding for being CRAZY DELICIOUS (in all caps). Adorned with posters for London events, cricket and football gear and photographs of Michael Caine and David Bowie to watch you while you eat, the decor is just as fabulous as the food. Service is great, too, but if there's a football game on, you might want to expect a wait or at least some very close quarters.
3	Being a resident of St-Henri, this pub is definitely different from some of the local pubs in this area: it's vibrant, has 20-30 somethings that enjoy a brew here, and it's packed on friday and saturday nights. That being said, sometimes I do find it too overcrowded and difficult to find a place to sit or stand and for that, I have to give it a 3 star rating. Many of my friends who also live in the area like to come here after a hockey game, or birthdays are often celebrated here. It has a definite casual feel to it, and everyone tends to give off a good vibe. The staff is super friendly, but on busy nights, it's easy to feel a tiny bit neglected.I've tried many different types of food here, but by far I recommend the Portabella Mushroom Burger. It's filling, not soggy and tons of mushroom goodness! I'd even go as far as to say that it is the best portabella mushroom burger I've ever had (and I have had plenty!) Another favourite of mine is the stilton pear and walnut salad. Their pub fare is definitely a cut above most.
4	A pretty good place, especially for the area. A good hangout for drinks. Food is decent, although a little overpriced. Don't order the cucumber soup (bleh) but fish and chips are decent and their hamburger is good. Service is good, really nice waiters. I would like to try brunch here! Their outdoor seating is a plus!
3	When the Burgundy Lion moved into my neighbourhood, I was thrilled to have a nice pub to go to for a pint, maybe watch the hockey game and grab some food. But since opening, the stretch of Notre-Dame the bar finds itself on has undergone a pretty radical transformation in terms of nightlife, and now the bar is always packed. Lots of non-St-Henri people flock to Burgundy Lion for the $8 pints and cedar-lined bathroom walls. It's still a comfortable, fun place to be--if it's not packed to the rafters. Otherwise, it's just a lot of standing around hoping to score a table. If you're going to go anyway, aim for earlier on in afternoon/evening. A victim of its own success, I'd say.
3	Always packed. Suuuuuper straight. Very very very loud. Tasty food.
3	Scotch eggs, yum!
5	The Burgundy Lion is one of my favourite hangouts/pubs in all of Montreal. It is a great place for any type of occasion, whether it's a night out with some friends, an intimate date, or just a place to enjoy a pint after work.The menu can be hit or miss depending on your tastes. I have not tried everything, but the steak/frites is good as well as the fish and chips. Some of the starters are really good as well. If you're a fan of beer, their in house made burgundy lion beer is quite good as well.If you're looking for a nice pub and are used to hanging out at places like McLaen's or McKibbons downtown, then this you will definitely enjoy this place as I consider it a step up from the "traditional" Montreal pub.
5	The Burgundy Lion is my favourite pub in Montreal, and I go past many others to get to it (I live on the opposite side of downtown.) The beauty of a good pub is that it offers a cozy, authentic atmosphere and pulls together food from around the Commonwealth in a competent way. There are far too many "pubs" that think they can offer Newcastle and Guinness on tap along with 20 varieties of Molson/Bud and serve burgers and fries. The Lion says "piss on that" and has a great bar and food menu!I have tried about 10 things (5 of my own, 5 or 6 friends' dishes) in the past 6 months, and the only mediocre item was the Colonel's Rabbit (the batter wasn't very special....although the accompanying Mac n Cheese was excellent.) Everything else, from the Toad in the Hole to the Colonial Chicken to Lancashire Pot is very nicely done (for a pub....this is not haute cuisine, of course.) The Fish & Chips are very good, although I'd visit Brit & Chips (owned by the same company) if you want the best I've found in town. The Yorkies are excellent (and my personal favourite at any decent pub.)The service at the BL is great, too. Everyone is friendly, has a number of tailored food/drink recommendations, and unlike so many places in Montreal, they clear your dishes and quickly and top up your water regularly, even if that's all you order to drink. Even the security guards (weekend evenings) are nice and will strike up conversations as they watch over the crowds.This place has weekly events and a very clear schedule on their website of when everything is happening. They are also involved in the community. I went to a really great costume party the Saturday before Halloween 2011 that was raising money for breast cancer, and they are also celebrating/fundraising for "Movember" for men's cancers.I am not sure if I would frequent this place on a busy Friday or Saturday night, as it turns into a crowded, loud stand-up meat market, but were I 5 years younger and single, I might like that, too.The Burgundy Lions does everything it can to get a 3 or 4 star rating relative to its Montreal counterparts, and gets a 5th star for all the extra effort, the "don't quite know what" (the Briton's translation of what we say here, "je ne sais quoi") that puts it kings' heads and lions' tails above its competition.
4	The lion is my living room away from home! I really like this place, it's a nice place to meet friends for a beer after work or to watch the game.I like sitting upstairs, I find it a little less crowded and  the downstairs bar has a tendency to feel like you're standing in a hallway but that being said it's still far and away the best place to have a beer in the neighborhood.The lion is also one of my favorite places to grab a bite  I would say everything on the menu is pretty good, other then the fish and chips and the burger which are awesome, everything else is good and I can assure you that you won't be disappointed. The service has always been good the wait staff always very nice and ready with a suggestion on what's good to eat or what type of beer to drink. The system of waiters, waitresses and busboys ensures that you get good service even when they're packed on Friday and Saturday nights. The decor has modern pub written all over it, with all sorts of faux British decorations all over the walls. The first floor layout is a little odd if you want to stand at the bar since you will be in the space that serves as the hallway that leads to the back of the pub but upstairs is great and if given a choice I enjoy sitting up there. The only caution I would give, is that if you're looking to have a quiet dinner where you can have a conversation with your dinner companion this may not be the greatest place. It tends to get very noisy in the evening, making conversation difficult without yelling. Drop in on a game night for a beer I know you'll be sold too.
5	The Burgundy Lion is one of those places, that you'll always be happy to go to.  The best combination of atmosphere, service, and food.I often fist for early breakfasts (and to catch a match of football) and the atmosphere at this time is great.  A young crowd is often there (20-30ish) English and French and we have a great time watching and talking.The service is top-notch - with the waiters and waitresses being genuinely ready to be of help.  Love their attitude. The food, especially breakfast, is definitely something to come back for.  The menu is not extensive, but what is available is served in generous proportions and fresh (try the English porridge)Go and enjoy
4	This is one of my Montreal favourites folks.  It's a fabulous British pub just a few steps from Atwater market and the Lachine Canal.  Fun food, fun atmosphere and great pub drinks with a very imaginative cocktail menu that changes to suit the occasion or season.   They got this place right!  But it can be tough to find a seat if there is a special event or occasion to celebrate. If you are antiquing in the ridiculously priced shops on Notre Dame, or perusing the Atwater market or hanging by the canal...this is a great spot for a casual lunch or dinner.
5	THE BEST.A weekend in Montreal and the Burgundy Lion was one of the two pub-like restaurants that we found on Open Table and said, "why the hell not?" We were so glad we trekked out here, which was kind of far from our hotel.I can't really imagine any city having better British pub food than the Burgundy Lion. First of all, the atmosphere is so wonderful; very dark, inviting, candles on the tables, a nice wooden bar. Very cozy, which was nice after coming in from a freezing cold street at 9:00 in the evening. We didn't get appetizers, but started with some drinks - I had for the first time in my life "Cidre Mystique" on draft, which is a Quebecois cider. It was delicious. The draft beer list is good, and unlike a lot of places in Montreal, there are some "foreigner-friendly" brands like Guinness and Newcastle.I had the "Welshman's Wife" which is a braised lamb shank in the tastiest sauce imaginable, served with melt-in-your-mouth mash potatoes and sauteed green beans. Everything was incredible. I was prepared for a fatty piece of meat, as lamb shank often is, but this dish was so lean and juicy I could hardly believe that's what I was eating. It was seriously that good. My cousin had the Shepherd's Pie which was equally incredible, served with an awesomely crispy and light puff pastry. We shared the sticky toffee pudding for dessert which was ridiculously tasty - one of the best sticky toffees I've ever eaten. We knocked back a couple Jamesons and then paid a very reasonable bill. I'd definitely come back next time I'm in Montreal!
4	Came here only once due to word from a friend that their fries are SO good. I was definitely not disappointed...I ordered only meals though. But the meals were delicious!! My boyfriend ordered a curry dish, it was a bit on the strong side (pretty spicy, not mild at all) and I ordered the portebello vegetarian burger. The mushroom was soft and chewy, the fries were simply heavenly! I love fries and this place makes pretty good fries. Not too greasy or thick but rather they are thin and still very potato-y. I'd definitely come back to try the beer. Service was really funny actually. Waiter was VERY attentive! Nothing wrong with that but he kept coming back to clear plates but my boyfriend wasn't finished yet! It was a few times that it happened. He apologized each time as well. It was funny. But service was friendly overall. Would come back again for a drink this time...and probably more fries!
5	The Lion is my favourite pub here in Montreal. Not only is it a solid English-style pub (which is OBVIOUSLY not as good as Australian pubs, but close enough), it's also the closest to my 'hood, and a great local to have.The food is good here, and my personal favourite is the BL sandwich  - it's packed with ridiculous amount of rare roast beef, and comes with crisps. I've never once felt less than absolutely stuffed after eating one. Wash it down with a pint of the house larger, and you're set for an afternoon of drinking...The scotch selection here is VERY impressive. It's one of the best in town, which while not what I'd expect from a "ye olde pub", is a very nice surprise.While there's not a lot of TV screens, there are enough to catch the sporting event of your choice. The upstairs area has some big tables for groups, and there's a contained outside area for when the nice weather returns - I'm not sure if smokers can smoke in there.
4	What a great pub located in Little Burgundy, a quaint little neighborhood just below the hustle and bustle of downtown Montreal. From my pub experience in the area, this is as "British Pub" as it gets, and you can tell by what's served on the menu too (various types of braised meat, roast, fish & chips, different meat pie's, and porridge, among others of course).I came with a group of friends, we knocked back a few (great) Irish car bombs, while some of my friends enjoyed Burgundy Lion's selection of Scotch. They have a good selection of draft beers too, my favourites being: Stella Artois, Carlsberg, and Sapporo. They, of course, serve Guinness, among other more 'original' and unique ale's. The atmosphere is great! The staff is friendly and tends to pay attention to their customers, even when it gets loud and busy. You may have trouble finding a table or seats, so the earlier you go, the better, or you just may have to wait. There is a nice outdoor area in the back that opens up in the summer-fall as well! No matter what you come for, you will not be disappointed.
4	We just had a dinner at this place.  Beautiful weather-Finally , patio, good cold beer, good menu.. nothing to complain about. Definitely we will go back. Pims cup was very good, beers on tap were very good too.  Nice neighbor bar!  It was the first dinner out since we moved here - yesterday :). Yay for my neighborhood!
5	What else is there to say about the Burgundy Lion when there are 29 previous reviews?It's just an awesome place to grab some drinks and a bite with some good friends.If you've never been, it's something you should try. And don't wonder which night is busy.... They all are!
3	The Burgundy Lion is a definite go-to spot to enjoy a few drinks with friends, but if you're looking for a fine taste of England, you can pass on it.  We haven't had much English food before, but we know it can be better than what we had that night.
3	An old buddy Annie  has emergency called me and yelled through her phone."Dom you got to come over right now! There are a ton of hot ladies here! Comment followed by screams of women. 4.8 seconds later, I find myself at the Burgundy Lion pub. I sat at the bar filled to capacity with men. Loads and loads of men !I order a beer from a scruffy looking bartender , who ignores me and proceeds to poor a beer .  It turns out the beer was for himself. As I saw him sitting amongst the sea of men in the bar. Aside from old Drink for himself Guy . The Burgundy may wanna work on mixing the ClienteleOther than that, the beer was great  The food is making me hungry now!!
5	If you live near Little Burgundy, or are in the area you need to go here. I love the food, and the beer. The atmosphere, the music, everything is great.Lunch, dinner, beers, dates, any occasion.
5	This place is awesome. Scotch eggs were great and paired well with a side of breakfast mushrooms. Everything was a good value and I'm not sure why I haven't made it here sooner on my trip. Staff was so cute and nice. Other tables appeared to be indulging in delicious mimosas,I may be back soon to do the same.
4	Great, fast service, pretty-good coffee, delicious breakfast spot. Bar looked awesome, hope to try it again on my future trips here.
3	I have heard a lot about this place and really had high hopes. I would have given it more stars but the service was effing horrendous. To the point where I almost got up and walked out. The waitress our table had (a small table of THREE girls) dropped off teh menu and avoided ALL EYE CONTACT for about an hour. She waited all the other tables around us and behind us and even BESIDE us but ours seemed to be an impossibility. After finally giving our order and getting our BOTCHED plates (I had ordered the beef poutine and got a regular one, which they still charged me $18), it took another 20 minutes to get ANOTHER waitress to our table to try and fix the mistake. All this and we haven't been able to place the drink orders because our waitress RAN AWAY after we gave our food order.The food itself was TO DIE FOR (once we got our full plates). The blue cheese and beef poutine is heavenly, the mayo they give you seems to be home-made and they burgers.... mmmmmmmmm.I wish i can give one rating for the service and another for the food. Going into a pub, i'm not looking for fantastic service however I'm not looking to go behind the bar and get my drinks either. I don't know if this woman was in her "monthly" time or what but let me tell you, she was unhappy with life and seemed to have a hatred for our table.This being said, AVOID the tall waitress with super short bleached hair because if she's in a bad mood, you'll leave there in a bad mood too but definitely go to try that poutine!!!! And the cucumber gin & tonic... Mmmmmmmmmm...
3	Staff are a little snooty. Good ambience. If you are not a regular it's like you don't exist.
4	I had a reservation across the street for dinner and had arrived almost an hour early.  The Burgundy Lion was the perfect place!The bar was completely full when I had arrived.  I waited a couple of minutes, pacing a bit to see if anyone might be leaving soon.  Why would they - this place is great.  After another moment checking out the place, I had noticed some traffic up and down the stairs in the center of the room.  Brilliantly I deducted that as will any respectable pub, if there is a bar on the first floor, there is another bar, albeit a bit smaller, upstairs as well.  Sure enough, there was, and just as fate would have it, one barstool open and waiting for me.  I sat down and ordered a Hendricks Martini, up.  The waitress immediately asked me if I would like that with a cucumber.  Impressive.  Not many know that Hendricks is cucumber and rose flavored as opposed to the more traditional juniper.  I agree to the cucumber and we're off.  The drink is prepared with perfection.  Moments later the bartender comes back over and asks me if the drink was made to my liking.  Again, I am impressed.  How often does this happen?  I tell her, it is really great.  Her reply - "I know....it's because it was made with love".  This place just keeps getting better and better.  My only regret was leaving, just in time to make my reservation across the street.  I will be back.
4	Great Atmosphere, good beer, okay food.
3	The Place and the ambiance are really atractive, and the menu really affordable. Just one thing: Why all the pretty waitresses are so rough to serve??? It seem like always the tips than we give is not enough! (between 15 and 20% always) And badly: what is the problem to serve in french???  I've been arrived a couple of times with french people and you can tell: the service is not the same! Shame
4	My sister brought me to The Burgundy Lion a British pub located in Little Burgundy for a lunch and beer.   Its a nice place it felt laid back. The waitresses and bartenders were dressed with red suspenders, I kinda felt bad for them, I guess it's the British theme?I ordered the Cambridgeshire Salad- Grilled chicken salad, Stilton, pears, walnuts. It was good and had a lot going on a good portion too.  I got the Stella Artois on tap.  My sister got the Burgundy Fish & Chips. I thought the batter was crunchy and the fries were good.  She loved it and finished it All.    The terrace is nice here in the spring/summer.  I'de for sure come here again and taste more.
4	This is a definitely more of a bar than a restaurant, although they serve some fantastic food! The second you walk in you will see the bar and to the left of that is a seating area for dine-ins. My girlfriend and I first ordered the English Poutine with Roast Beef and this thing was loaded! It was a pretty big serving and we couldn't believe how full we were after devouring this gravy-filled goodness!My main course was the Lamb Shank special, which came with roasted potatoes. Unfortunately, I was pretty full from the Poutine and when the Lamb Shank came my appetite was shot, but still the lamb was really good. It was huge and very juicy. The roasted potatoes were well made as well, not too hard and seasoned excellently. Overall, I liked the atmosphere and it's definitely a good spot to hang out, grab a beer or just get a meal. The only criticism I would have is that there seemed to be a lack of TVs (just 1 TV) there if anyone wanted to come and watch a game along with grabbing a cold one.
4	I love this English-style pub, and their fish'n'chips are just amazing!
5	I've only been here twice but I have always had great service and great drinks. The ambiance is fun, there's an interesting mix of people and both times the place was pretty packed. I'll have to head here during the summer and grab some grub!
4	This place is pretty lovely. This is especially the case given that I'm a Scotch monster and this place literally has the largest list in Canada. Some gems on there, especially in terms of Glengoyne 12 and 14 year casks - liquid gold. That said, the one app that I had (sausage rolls) lacked focus and was texturally problematic. Moreover, there were simply not enough servers given how busy the place was. Nevertheless, a great place for the Scotch lover.
4	Fish and Chips re great, good beer.
4	Overall I really like this place but my one complaint is that the portions are way too big.  I had the bangers and mash which tasted really good.  I ended up leaving a big chunk of my food behind because I couldn't finish it.  Drinks-wise they have a good selection of beers and cocktails.  I had the cider which was pretty good.It is a pretty popular place and was packed when I went so a reservation would be a good idea just to be sure you get in.
5	My boyfriend and I went for dinner tonight with our puppy Austyn and sat on the patio, which was great! They brought us a cute little plastic bowl for him to have water and were extremely accommodating, The manager who I didn't get his name was very nice and our waitress Taylor was very on top of everything and very friendly. the food was really good. I had fish and chips with mashed peas. (ohmygod!) and my boyfriend had the burgundy ribs with mashed potato. we'd gone a couple months ago for breakfast, it was a very classic British breakfast (not my thing, however my boyfriend loved it!) Overall a great place any time of day!
4	Good spot for drinks and snacks after work. The fish and chips are amazing, and so is the (huge!) salad with blue cheese and grilled chicken. It's also a very good place for brunches!
5	A local friend recommended this place as a good stop for lunch when we were checking out the nearby Atwater market, and we were very impressed! I had the Ploughman's lunch, which was delicious, and my husband had the Colonel's Rabbit, and he was very impressed with the size of the portion, the taste of the rabbit and the mac and cheese side. He had the chocolate bread pudding for dessert, and it was also great. Our friend had the Lobster Pogo, and she was pretty happy with her meal as well. The beer was good and cold, the service attentive without being cloying and the food arrived quickly. I'd make this a regular stop if I lived in town!
4	Solid bar, great service, terrific Brit ambiance, excellent beers on draft and they are never, ever flat. Come for Monday night quiz night for some laughs and meet some cool/smart locals, but come any night for some of the tastiest pub grub that Montreal has to offer.
4	Great breakfast and good for an evening of drinks as well!
4	I traditionally celebrate my birthday at pubs, and wanted to find a new one to do so this year. I had heard nothing but good things about the Burgundy Lion, and being relatively close to home, I thought I'd give it a try. I made reservations for a group of 10 with Toby, and hoped desperately that we were seated near a TV to catch the Habs game. Upon arrival, I was uber pleased to see he had seated us in a "private" nook in the back on the left-hand side on the first floor. It's a large table backed by a booth and finished off with chairs, and has its very own TV. I will admit, I put on a special happy dance once I discovered this. The decor is quirky British pub style (mind you I've never been across the pond, so I can't say it's absolutely authentic). The servers are friendly and knowledgeable on the selection of beer and food, and very attentive. And although the group grew from 10 to maybe about 15-16, our server was always welcoming of a new face, promptly asking them if they wanted a drink or something to eat. We requested to have them put the game sound on instead of the music, which they were happy to do (nice touch). The beer selection is a good mix of European and Canadian; loving ever opportunity to try new beer, I opted for a couple of pints of Boddington (described as a cross between a blonde and a cream ale, very good!). To start Danny and I shared the veggie samosas, which had a surprising kick to them; full of flavour and perfect portion size. I had been so excited for fish 'n' chips since I had made the reservations, and of course ordered them; Danny had the Colonial Chicken. The fish was so delicious; flaky and flavourful, and wasn't too battered, so there was a good fish to batter ratio. The fries were perfectly salted and had that desired crispy on the outside, soft on the inside thing going on. Danny, being a big fan of Asian/Southeast Asian cuisine (heck, he is Mauritian after all), had nothing but great things to say about the Colonial Chicken. I had a bite myself and thought it was delicious too. Overall, everyone in our party seemed to really enjoy the food, drinks and ambiance. A side note, it is a little pricier than normal pub fare, but it definitely warrants it. I am a fan and will most definitely be back!
1	I'm not one to judge pub food, because I don't eat it often. However, I am more than displeased with the food I ate at Burgundy Lion. I lie crouched in my bed right now suffering from a stomach ache, which was not there before I ate at B.L. It's sad, because I was really looking forward to eating at this place with friends; but between the lousy service and day old meal, I was ready to leave. The servers accidentally elbowed me in the head too many times; they forgot to put the order in for brussel sprouts and bacon, so I waited more than an hour for my meal; the fries were stale, the gravy was rancid, the codfish cakes tasted as if they were frozen like they thawed them in the deep fryer, and I think the sausage role is the reason why I'm in this state. The only thing worth getting is the house beer and don't get me started on how dry the Angus burger is. I was with a friend who is a burger fanatic and she was not touching that thing! The worst part is that you're paying so much for a meal that you didn't even enjoy. I've had meals at five star restaurants in Spain that were cheaper than this joint. Overall, this place is overrated and overpriced! Go at your own risk!
5	Anyone who knows me know that I hate pubs with a passion but this place is AWESOME.We came here as a group of girls for a pseudo bachelorette dinner and we had a great time.We had a nice huge corner booth that was semi private, lots of food (all of it delicious), and great drinks. Service was quite fast for such a busy evening and prices were decent.I think what sets this pub apart is the fact that it's classier than most others..it's not a dingy and dirty pub like most of the ones found in this city.. Oh, and for the record, the shepherds pie was awesome! Mmm I'm drooling just thinking of it...
4	It's a great place! Some friends recently moved to Saint-Henri and we found it hard finding a place to go to and the Burgundy Lion was a very cool discovery. There's a wide variety of alcohols. Great place to spend an evening.
5	We were visiting Montreal for a week and tried this last night. Great place for drinks and food.  There were a lot of people..very busy so we were excited to try. Their whiskey list is impressive.  My bf tried a whiskey tasting and I ordered red rum as a cocktail. For dinner I ordered georgie's catch and my bf got the vegetation masher curry with shrimp. Both were delicious and dessert was raspberry trifle. highly recommend any one to try ...even if just drinks
4	I was very well cared for tonight. I am a complete newcomer so the greeter's effort to get my watered and then fed was truly appreciated. All the wait people had good attitudes and the place was packed by 6 pm. Beer was good and food was generous and enjoyable. I have no trouble recommending the Burgundy Lion for a pint and some good pub food.
4	I did not partake in sampling their GINORMOUS scotch collection, next time better watch out Burgundy!The Poutine week special with the rabbit meat (or was it duck meat) added an interesting twist to a classic. Had a random celebrity sighting (shook hands with Justin Trudeau) and merriment with friends was had.If you are a scotch lover, this is the place to be.
4	There was a time Burgundy Lion was the only pub in a neighborhood that was just becoming hip. At this time we could get a table there without reservation on a Friday night. Nowadays it is hardly recommended to book a table if you want to visit in the evening even during the week. Today there are many more options to get a drink at Notre Dame street, but Burgundy Lion remains extremely popular regardless of  the competition.  There is a good reason for the love of the crowds, delicious food in the best tradition of the English pubs that has remained consistent as quality over the years, fulfilling brunches, and ah, oh these crazy cocktails I'm always tempted to try, but the beer choice is so good that it challenges your ability to finally pick a drink. Just a look at the whiskey bottles aligned at the bar brings warmth to your heart, wait to read the long menu, the choice of drink may become impossible. Burgundy Lion is a Pub, what a LOVELY pub, bloody fantastic!!!!
3	Pretty fun place and always crowded in a good way! The only thing is you almost ever get greet at the door so you never know if you can just pick a table or wait to be seated! Otherwise, pretty fun!
5	I love coming here for brunch, it's one of my favourites. Really good food, generous portions and very affordable prices!
2	Not impressed, by the food. This place seems like a great place to grab drinks, all with the immense scotch collection and the lively atmosphere. But when it comes to food I wasn't really impressed. Everything seemed a little muted. Probably would not be coming back.
3	Location: Notre-Dame O. The nearest subway is Lionel-Groulx and it's about a 10-minute walk from there. The place: Pub-ish, with wood floors and decor, and of course, the standard British bar set-up. They have two floors and two terraces - the one in the middle of the pub is pretty cool and will definitely be worth checking out once they open it up. The layout is OK but the massive staircase in the middle of the place takes up a lot of space and is almost immediately in front of the entrance. The food: I hate to go against the grain but I don't know what all the fuss is about. It's standard breakfast fare and there isn't anything exceptional about it. I ordered The Yank which included eggs, potatoes, a side of meat (your choice - I went with sausage), a side of bread (again, your choice - I got the English muffin) and a fried tomato. As far as the eggs go, I got mine scrambled and they were perfectly cooked - I hate eating runny eggs so am always apprehensive about the state of my eggs - but these guys rocked it. Well, as much as you can rock scrambled eggs. Hot, moist, perfect. The fried tomato was also perfectly cooked and quite good. The sausage were dryer than sandpaper and hard, so I'm guessing they were sitting around for a while before they found their way into my plate. The English muffin was soft and fluffy, though bland, but the biggest disappointment were the potatoes. I mean, I had high hopes for these because they looked and smelled real good! Sadly, looks can be deceiving and these were not only undercooked but lacking in any real flavor. Bummer. I like a good patate with my breakfast. The fresh squeezed orange juice was delicious AND it had no pulp. I am not a fan of pulp. Service: OK. Our table was visited by a variety of people and it was hard to keep track of who our 'official' waiter was. Granted, the place was busy due to the upcoming HABs game that was about to start. We were playing Boston - this is serious business!Cost: Very decent - the meal was $8 and the OJ was $3.50. I was pretty well-fed for that price.
4	Came here to watch the habs-bruins game, great atmosphere, great pub food. Their alcohol selection is big and nice.I had fish and chips, great with generous portions. Had the sticky toffee pudding and it was also great. Nice place, gets really crowded during sports events, nice staff.
4	Been wanting to come here since I came to Montreal last summer, though I kept hearing it was crowded and a bit pricey, plus being in Griffintown almost, I just never found the opportunity. Last Sunday night, I did. And we had a really good time.It's basically just a really good, nice, modern pub. Huge whisky selection, and everything else. We were a group of 8, so we ordered all kinds of stuff. I had bites of samosa, Shephard's pie, green salad, scotch egg, and it was all just AMAZING. Also the drinks were strong, and the service was good. Also, at first there wasn't a table, but we got a 4 seater, and grew it into an 8 seater within the hour. Also, I thought our check would be expensive, but it turned out pretty average to be honest. There are tons of MTL bars selling $8 pints that are super shitty compared to BL, which is nice.I'll definitely return, and chances of going out of my way are higher.
2	Overrated brunch. I shared 2 dishes: the scotch eggs and the full monty, which is a combination of all the options for breakfast. It wasn't really tasty or that memorable.
5	Cool place! Great pub grub! Awesome ambiance! I've been a couple times now trying something new everytime and I have never been disappointed! Staff is friendly and high energy!
4	I make a point of sitting upstairs when I can since I enjoy the company of one of their newer bartenders (Aly with the short hair). The roast beef poutine seemed costly at first glance but was definitely worth the price tag considering it worked to fill two people. House Pale Ale is better than most home brews and the Angus Burger absolute stuffed me. The joint gets bonus points as most free pour locations earn ;). Props to waitress Sophie for always putting up with our shenanigans while flashing that smile. Nice to have a place where the staff know what they're talking about with their booze.
1	Worst service I've ever had at a restaurant. One of the waiters came by twice to move the table two down from us half an inch to the right. Couldn't be bothered to actually serve customers. Can't comment on the food, we left after 15 minutes without even having a drink order taken. Don't waste your time.
4	Came here to watch the finals of the Wimbledon, just last Sunday. We called a few hours before and we were able to get some prime seats on the patio out back, which was beautiful and cozy! I loved that they had a screen on the patio, as usually most people watch sports inside, and we re able to enjoy the weather on a gorgeous Sunday morning! +1 Amazing back patio to watch sports on.+1 Great phone service to make a reservation last minute.+1 Had a breakfast menu and lunch menu to satisfy a craving+1 The burger I had was great, perfectly cooked+1 French toast was on point, and the bacon was delicious+1 Alcohol selection was good, but QUITE EXPENSIVE!-1 The breakfast menu.... minus the french toast, everything looked the same, absolutely no variation. I was looking for something a little more varied and unique, the menu can definitely be worked on. Every dish need not have been eggs, with bacon with potatoes, most of the dishes was a variation of those three things.-1 My cousin got a drink, and it was god-awful, we have never asked to return a drink, but we politely asked the server and she blatantly said no. There goes an $9 drink. Although this was sucky, the rest of the service was ok so I won't make a ruckus about it. Putting on my nice face.-1 Brunch is my favorite meal, and they kind of ruined it for me with their lack of variation. Ended up cheating on brunch with a lunch menu, saddest day of my life.-1 Service - WAS SO SLOW.... we weren't too bothered because we were watching the tennis match, but any other day and it would have been painful to sit through. At the end, we actually got up and paid the bill at the bar because it was just taking too long. I would skip this place during peak hours, because the service is a bit painful to get through. Overall didn't hate the place, so I would rate it 3.2 stars, but because we were able to really enjoy the patio and the match I'll give it an extra 0.8th of a star. There you go 4 stars as you will. Over and out.
5	I've been there more times that I can count. The main reason is that the people there work so hard and so well. The food is great for pub food, better than many restos.The alcohol can get a little expensive and it's unfortunate you can only buy beer by the glass but I can see a few reasons for that (other than the obvious lucrative aspect for the owner). Waiters are always there to check if you're ok and need anything else and make you feel looked after and appreciated. Quality-price the best place in the entire area.
4	I love the open terrace in the middle of the place, it's heated and has a nice ambiance. The service is awesome and the staff is really friendly. The beer selection isn't so big but they have good cocktails as well. It's a perfect 5-7 place and the food is good.
3	Love that place! Great authentic Pub the beer and food is amazing! Love the roast beef poutine, the salads are great also! Great place to go for 5 @ 7.
1	Went for breakfast today with the boyfriend and mother. We had the Full English Breakfast, myself and my boyfriend with english muffins and my mother with crumpets, and to start, both the muffins and crumpets were store bought, same as we can get at the grocery store. Next, the portions were tiny. We've had much more food at other places, 1 small sausage, the tiniest piece of ham you could possibly imagine, as if they took a thin slice, cut it in to 4 pieces and serve one quarter of it per plate, and a small piece of slab bacon that was mostly fat (which my boyfriend didn't even get on his plate). He enjoyed the blood pudding, the fried tomatoes were not fried, and there were maybe 6 tiny mushrooms on the plate. The eggs were small and flat and bland, and the beans were sitting in a bowl of molasses. And the potatoes were COVERED in large pieces of garlic, which the English have never used as far as I know. My mother Hates garlic. All in all, Not impressed whatsoever by this $13 dish. I've spent less at La Belle Province and been far more satisfied. And this is not a very English breakfast, my mother is English and we've had breakfast in England. This was insulting.
4	Just a solid neighborhood pub. Good atmosphere. Good English tap list. Didn't eat anything. Impressive selection of scotch. Was full 2pm on mon.
4	Super noisy, totally fabulous pub with good drinks and tasty food. If you're not into having a deep conversation then I would definitely recommend this joint for a drink and a bite. I had a couple of Caesars the last time I was there, as well as the Burgundy Lion sandwich and I couldn't have been happier. Sometimes it's the simple pleasures in life that are most important, and this would satisfy on that count.
4	Angus burger was outstanding. The pint of Newcastle was creamy and frothy. The Americano coffee smooth. Went there for an early lunch on a Monday, very satisfying.
