4	I haven't stayed at this place nor dined at the restaurant, so I started a new catagory.  Hopefully there isn't one already up.For the 100th review I tried to think of a "special place".  This was definitely one, although it was over a year ago that Derek and I went.  For someone that's never been to Paris, forking out like $10 to go up a fake eiffel tower was still ironically worth it.  HAD I BEEN to the REAL Paris, obviously it would be cheezy.Anyways, it's pretty cool.  You get led to the elevator with a group of people and on the way, you have to take a very nice picture at the bridge.  Although you probably will get packed like sardines in the elevator, the "tour guide" will tell you interesting facts about the tower to compensate for all the money they are making.  You can take all the time you want once you are up, and it's a really romantic place, especially at night!  -j
4	As well, I've never been to Paris, France and beheld the real Eiffel Tower.  But this was worth the $10 just for the photos and the view.  I got some awesome photos from the top and I did appreciate that we were allowed to stay up there as long as we pleased once up.Yes... the elevator is packed to capacity.  Yes... it's romantic.  A guy proposed to his girlfriend the night I was there and it was the cutest thing ever.Yes... it's got an incredible view and from what it seems a great vantage point to look down at the Bellagio Fountain show... but for some reason the night we were there the show was experiencing delays or cancellations or something because we waited around for about half an hour and got nothing (normally the fountain show happens every 15 minutes).And it's best to go up at night, if you ask me.  I can't imagine it being better during the day... at night the whole city is lit up and it's amazing.
3	Wait until sunset, this is the best seat in the house.  Although not as good of a view of the Bellagio fountains as inside the Eiffel Tower Restaurant, this view is slightly further and grants you the advantage of actually hearing the music itself.  Yes, that's right... sad to say, you can't hear Sinatra's chords transcending through the glass while having dinner on table #2 of the Eiffel Tower.The Bellagio fountains work Monday - Friday, 3 p.m. - midnight. Saturday and Sunday, noon - midnight.  The fountains run every half-hour until 7 p.m. and every 15 minutes after that until midnight. Fountains are occasionally closed during high winds.As for the Eiffel Tower, it's open daily, 9:30 a.m. - 12:30 a.m., weather permitting.  The cost is $9 for adults, $7 for seniors 65 and older and children 6-12... IT'S HALF OFF TO ANYONE WITH A NEVADA I.D.  Children younger than 5 are FREE.  You may pay in:  Cash, Mastercard, Visa, American Express and Discover.  They will take reservations for birthdays, private parties and groups. -- Stars given by category, not food.
4	When we walked into the Paris casino, we were handed coupons for a free trip to the top of the Eiffel Tower with player's club enrollment - of course we were in!  Fortunately, I had not yet signed up for their player's club so I could take advantage of this fabulous offer.  (And, might I add, I like gambling here because they have $5 craps tables during the day on weekdays.)For the price we paid, this can't be beat; but, even if I had to pay, I think I would do it (at least once).  The line was very long even though I understand it was shorter than it often is.  We waited until the evening because we wanted to see all the lights on the strip.  Although, we tried to time it to coincide with the Bellagio water show (which was still running at the hour we went up, somehow we missed it even though we stayed up there for a really long time;  I am sure it would have been cool.  The view is spectacular from up here.  I mean, there is nothing else in the world quite like this view.  It's breathtaking.The line was long, the elevator was crowded and there were too many people up at the top.  But, once we were up there, we didn't want to come back down.
1	wierd. it's just a facade epitome of las vegas culture.
5	I stayed at the Paris for the first time two weeks ago, however this was my second time eating at the eiffel tower and I will be eating there whenever I return to Las Vegas the food is absolutely devine.  The atmosphere is great for a group or a solo date and the servers are ever so polite.  The food spectacular- the kind of meat is served that is so spectacular that no matter what you order it will just melt in your mouth like butter.  You must however end yoru meal with  a soufle.  Absolutely to die for.  I'm usually a pretty frugal person however I must say that this is one  meal worth dropping lots of money on.
4	The top of the Eiffel Tower provides a nice view and a cheap thrill (especially for folks like me who are too chicken for roller coasters).  We went up at dusk and had a great view of the setting sun and growing luminance of the neon on the Strip.We were able to go up without waiting in any lines, but beware, by the time the sun had set there was a pretty long line of people waiting to go up.
5	My new favorite restaurant!We came here on a Saturday night so it was pretty packed. We were late for our 7:30 reservation but they told us to wait at the bar area and asked if we wanted any cocktails. We waited for at least 15-20 minutes watching other people walk in and get seated right away until we decided to ask the hostess when would be our turn. She told us she was waiting for a window seat but we told her any table would be okay so she seated us immediately... at a window seat??? kinda weird, right?Besides that, everything else was amazing. We had a lovely view of the Bellagio water show and the food was excellent. I had the salmon pinot noir and my bf had the seabass. I can not stress enough how perfect my meal was. I'm obsessed with this place!
4	Whaddaya do when you're in Vegas and you have a "mini me" along for the trip?  Well, it definitely keeps the gambling in check (let me tell ya!).  So to derail the boredom, we went to the top of the Eiffel Tower.  My kid is not scared of heights...so she was thrilled!  Thank goodness, because I was running out of ideas (and money) keeping my kiddo entertained.  So what, it was my third gig.  First in Paris (for reals) with my friends.  My second in Vegas, with my man.  I gotta tell you, you have to go at night.  Especially when you get the view of the Bellagio water fountain show.  Simply spectacular!  If you can't make it across the globe, Paris in Las Vegas is so worth the trip up.
5	I haven't eaten ere but I've definitely gone up for the view and it is awesome. I suggest going at night to see the light and fountain show across the street at the Bellagio. The view from the Eiffel Tower cannot be beat. Plus, you can hear the music perfectly from there. I believe it cost 9 dollars a person to go up there when I went and you can stay up there as long as you want. They send people up every 20 minutes and the line usually isn't long.
5	$9 to take a trip up the mock Eiffel Tower was well worth it. What an amazing view from the top, and at night it just was perfect. Definitely check it out when you are in Sin City.
5	Its definitely worth the $$ and the wait in line... if you're going to go during the day (don't bother) I mean its pretty and all but at night its breathtaking.  I have some amazing shots that i took from up there a few years ago of the strip and the Bellagio fountains... its really amazing when you can almost stop time.  While you're at the Paris you might as well get a really expensive drink in an Eiffel tower or a Hot Air Balloon... its just all good drunkeness...
5	My first memorable evening in Paris I met a handsome boy on the dance floor and minutes later jumped on the back of his scooter for a drive to the Eiffel Tower.  We kissed, we made out, we fell in love, and then we exchanged names...that's how I do things, that's how I roll.This wasn't quite like that, but I did take a moment to recollect....XoXoAwesome views of the strip.  We made it just in time to see the marvelous Bellagio fountain show.  I wish I would have gone at night but that's just not how it fit into our super sensational LV itineraryAu revoir Peewee, Au revoir Simone~
4	In case I don't make it up the real Eiffel Tower, at least I can say I've been up the one in Vegas. Short elevator ride up to the top (yes it's enclosed by gating) with a great view of the strip. I've always thought Vegas looks better at night, so I think you'll definitely get a better view in the evening hours. If you can squeeze everyone out of your way you'll have a birds eye view of the Bellagio water show. Bring your camera and for heaven's sake don't let it slip out of the camera peep holes ;)
3	If you are scared of heights don't get on the elevator!!
5	There's something to be said about going to Vegas and partying all night and then sneaking off with someone if just for a moment or two(or however long the line is) to go to the top of the Eiffel Tower and take in the strip.  It's breath-taking at night and there is no better seat in Vegas to watch the Bellagio fountain show.
3	Ventured up to the top awhile ago, so I only remember so much.  What I remember is the wind not co-operating with my hair and getting it all up in my face.  It was fairly windy up top (which I don't understand 'cause it's not even that high up), so you might want to being a jacket if you're not visiting in the summer.  Views are cute, but not breath-taking.  If I remember correctly, most of the view is constructed by the bars keeping you from jumping.  Good view of the Bellagio if you stay up there long enough to catch their water show.  I'd like to go back up to see if it's actually better than I remember it to be, but from what my parent's have said, it's pretty expensive.  I guess I'll just have to wait for my pimp to take me and pay for me :)
5	Now this is what I'm talking about! I love this hotel. The rooms are gorgeous. I had an awesome view overlooking the strip and the Eiffel Tower, the bed was perfectly comfortable and I really enjoyed the MP3 player. It's always nice to have your music with you to fall asleep to.I asked for a late checkout and they had no problem with that. I love sleeping in and hate having to wake up by 11 if I don't have to especially when I'm on the road.My only complaint was when I checked in I waited in line for 45 minutes. They only had 5 counters open and about 50 people in line. Once I got to the check in counter they offered me an upgrade which was nice. The room wasn't overly expensive. The atmosphere inside the Paris is very cool. I ate at one restaurant there but can't remember the name. It was a sports bar of sorts. Our waitress took waaaaaaay to many steroids. She was like Arnold without the accent.
3	This is strictly about the ride to the top.I have an outrageous fear of heights, that I thought I was able to lessen throughout the years.The ride up made it all flood back and I almost peed my pants.One, the glass elevator didn't help and I think I was grabbing on to many strangers during the ride.Two, it was the longest ride of my life.Three, I wasted money by hugging the middle of the tower when we got up there and was shaking in my boots.Four, I got in line to go back down as soon as we got up.Five, I feared for people who were leaning against the gate.Six, I provided a group of people with a good laugh in response to the fear that was running through my blood.But really, if you don't have a problem it's quite a nice view!
4	Ooohh, pretty lights......It's one of the many things I love about Vegas.And the observation deck on the half-pint Eiffel Tower allows a lovely vantage point to oooh and ahhh over all the neon (and the Bellagio fountain shows, to boot), so I would suggest going at night. It's open until midnight so you should have plenty of time to fit it in among the general debauchery/gambling losses.It's $10 for the trip during the day and $12 at night*, essentially the same as just one hand of blackjack at one of the cheap tables, so I don't want to hear that it's too expensive. We were lucky that it wasn't too cold or too windy, especially since a line tends to form to head back down, but they seemed to pack enough people in the elevator so it moved fairly quickly.Take your lady up here, she'll love it.*A tip for the frugal: You can find a two-dollar off coupon in the Vegas Values mini-mags.
4	if you haven't been to the real eiffel tower.. this is as close as you can get! but of course, it is NOTHING like the real thing.the lines are long.. so make sure you have a snack with you while cuddling with your loved ones!!once you get onto the observation deck.. walk around! take pictures! turn off those flash.. to capture the lights of the famous vegas strip!  stay a bit longer!! to witness the bellagio fountain show from up top with their lightings!!! it's so pretty!!
3	I am sorry... this is similar to my NY NY review as well....Ambivalence.One side:  super cool, and a cute replica that is super fun.Second side:  Baudrillard's Simulacram.  People actually come to this place, see this thing, and *actually* believe, in a repitlian part of their mind, they have been there.  This is a long conversation of fun yet esoteric nonsense.  Still... I can't get it out of my mind.
4	My fiance and I were staying with some friends at The Paris hotel wen we vacationed in Vegas.  Our friends were coming in the next day, so we decided to go to the top of the Eiffel Tower because it looked awesome.  We had a coupon for money off which was great and we climbed in the elevator to the top in the glass elevator (ummm scary!!!).  We got to the top and were encased all around by the metal gate.  Man the view, ah-mazing!  We went during the day which was nice and got pictures from all around the tower.  I would like to go back at night the next time I'm in Las Vegas.  A fun little thing to do and I suggest you try it because it's a unique and fun experience.
3	The view is nice up this mini Eiffel Tower, but honestly the Vegas skyline isn't particularly beautiful compared with other, more gentrified cities.  I feel like after you've looked at one hotel, you've looked at them all since they are all equally huge and box-shaped to fit as many rooms as they possibly can (read: not very interesting to look down on).  If you're on a budget in Vegas, save your money and visit the restaurant in the Eiffel Tower, dress nicely, get a window seat and enjoy a much more fun view of Vegas - looking down the strip instead of the top of it.I've also been up in the real Eiffel Tower and the Vegas version is a remarkable likeness, but then again, nothing like the real thing at the same time.  This is sort of what Vegas is all about, a lot of fun and spectacle unless you look at things too closely - then it just seems lame.I will say this though, going up at night is MUCH better and worth the extra $2 (Vegas is nothing without her neon lights shining brightly) and it's one of the cheaper attractions around town.  Be warned though, like the real Eiffel Tower, it gets crazy crowded during high-tourist season.
5	beautiful view, but they need to limit how many people go up to the top, gets too crowded. other then that it was beautiful to watch the fountains at bellagio.
3	Tickets are ten bucks to go up, though someone randomly handed us a two-for-one coupon.  Thanks random person!  You go up a bridge, they take your picture, and then you wait for an elevator that takes a while.  It gets packed, then heads up.  There's an audio clip that plays on the way up about the real tower.  The view is great, obviously.  I went during the day and enjoyed it, I imagine at night its even better.  It is small though, so expect that.  The ride down was a different audio clip about the tower playing.  To get a copy of the picture they took was something like, twelve bucks?
4	I went up during the day ($10 during day, $12 at night). It was super busy so the wait ended up being about 45 minutes, but I liked it up there and ended up staying a bit longer than the rest of my elevator group. The wind felt good on my face and I got a few nice pictures of the Strip (and the traffic on the Strip....).I just wish the Bellagio fountains had their show when I was up there (instead of just before). I think I would have enjoyed that.
4	A replica of the original and I think about half the size of the original. I really wanted to go to this since my hotel room faced the tower and of the numerous times I've been to Vegas, I've never done anything besides, shop, eat and party. A nice gentleman gave me a coupon for buy one get one free, so instead of the $10 it was half of it to get up during the day. At night it's $12. You enter inside the casino and follow the signs and buy your ticket inside a room and go up the escalator to the walkway.  It takes awhile to get into the elevator...I think it holds 7 or 9?? So be prepared to spend an hour buying the tickets, waiting in line and circling around up on the tower.The coolest part is waiting for the fountains at Bellagio. The view is spectacular...and the view of the strip is also pretty awesome. I wanna try this again at night.
3	If you choose to do this, definitely look for the 2 for 1 coupon that they have circulating in a Vegas coupon book. A really nice woman behind us gave us one and we didn't even know about it, but it'll save you $10, so definitely find one!  It's a good experience to be able to get up that high, but there's only so much time you can spend looking down on Vegas and for about 10 minutes, it's not worth more than $10.  Also, if you're afraid of heights, don't spend your money on this! You're safe up there, but still, I felt very woozy!
4	Excellent view, the price sucks until you get the coupons that you find all over the city.  I got them with my Harrah's reward card.  (Booklet of coupons).Great place to watch the Bellagio fountain shows......even during the day you can observe them from up top peacefully.
5	COME HERE AT NIGHT!You get an amazing view of the fountains at the Bellagio...Beautiful scenery from up here.If your afraid of height...dont come up here. The hubby was getting a little nervous being up so high....I guess Ill be going to the real eiffel tower by myself..THERE IS ALWAYS COUPONS FOR THIS PLACE...so make sure you get a hold of the coupon books that are displayed throughout the strip...I found a coupon for 2 for 1 admission.
2	I think the Eiffel Tower could be skipped. You wait in line forever and then go up in the elevator (what a view!) then you step out to a crowded platform, it couldn't be more than 10 feet wide and you are completely caged in. Everyone is lined up against the Bellagio side so you cant see anything. If you do decide to go get the 2 for 1 coupon.
4	Find a BOGO coupon and check this out AT NIGHT! Amazing views of the strip for $7.50/person. I went on a Wednesday and it wasn't too crowded. You just have to be patient and act quickly when a good spot opens up.HINT: The free Vegas 2 Go booklet (found one at Tickets 4 Less at the Fashion Show Mall) has the coupon if you can't find one anywhere else.PLUS, your ticket will get you a $11.99 coupon for a 70 oz. daiquiri in a cheesy, fun, only-in-Vegas giant plastic Eiffel Tower cup. If you want to get blitzed for cheap and be the ultimate Vegas tourist, you have to buy one of these.
4	I got 2 free tickets to go and ride the cramped elevator up the Eiffel Tower at the Paris.  It was completely worth it since I didn't have to pay a dime.  If I had to pay the $10 dollars, I don't think it would have been so great.  So, definitely look for the coupons!  On nights that it is busy, I can only imagine the wait being really long since they can only fit a few people in the elevators at a time.  Once you get up there, depending on the season, it can be freaken hot!  We were up there around 7:15pm and it was still dry heat.  After a quick look of the strip and the lights, I was ready to go back down.  Then, it was another wait in an unorganized line to ride the same small elevator down.  This is just one of those things that you do once, and never need to do it again.  Oh, and I saw a few people that didn't realize they had a fear of heights until they got up there.  Pretty entertaining to watch them freak out.
3	If you happen to have a coupon and there isn't much of a line, GO FOR IT!Otherwise, I'd say it's quite passable. My bf and I were short-cutting through the Paris hotel and noticed there wasn't much of a line, so on a whim, we bought tickets and went up. The best part was seeing the Bellagio's water show from that high up! You could even hear the music when the crazy tourists stopped yapping. It was definitely interesting to be able to see the strip nearly end-to-end, but probably more spectacular (as well as crowded) at night! Another negative is the thick-ass chain-link surrounding the observation deck. This should def be updated with an alternative barrier such as thinner steel cable fencing which is waaay less ugly and serves the same purpose.All in all, I'm glad we did it, but it wouldn't be worth wasting hours in line for, that's for sure.
5	Wow! I want to give a tip to everyone who wants to visit this place. Go here at night. You'll get an amazing view of the lights and you'll see a lot. It was a totally amazing experience!!! You can even see an excellent view of the Bellagio water foundations and yes, you can even hear the music from it.  There are little windows where you can put your camera and take pictures.  This is a must visit for a night attraction.
5	the ticket says "no unauthorized weddings"for realzies.eiffel tower ftw right there.the view is pretty cool too.  if you go up around a 1/2 hr interval, you can catch one of the fountain displays at the bellagio from above.  kind of neat.take your sweetie and romance her/him with the view.definitely worth it if the line isn't too long.  broke ass grad student lesson # 584:  not too expensive with a coupon or if you're staying at the paris, too.  half off.  right on.
4	Awesome views, and there is usually a two for one deal in the random Las Vegas booklets we saw everywhere. I doubt we would have done this without the coupon. The line was not too long, but it still took about 30 min to get in an elevator because they only use one! There are four (triangle shaped wtf??) elevators, and I get that one/two of those are used to get to the restaurant, but really guys?? And once you are up there and decide to leave you have to get in a line that takes up space of people who are trying to see the views. We went up around 5, which turned out perfect because the sun was just setting and we still paid the day price! Oh, and definitely stay up for the fountain show, and stake out a good view point early.
4	This was such a cool part of our Vegas trip. We were lucky that we didn't have to wait in line, and once at the top, we had it mostly to ourselves. The view is beautiful and there are so many good picture opportunities. This was one of the cheapest things we did in Vegas and we'll have the pictures to remember it forever.
4	Solid food, solid prices, excellent service makes me a fan of this restaurant. The neat views of the Strip from the half tables just added a nice touch. I suggest a reservation as the lines can be a bit much.
5	My wife and I have always wanted to do the tower but have never gotten around to it. It always seems like just a little too much to pay to go up to the tower, but we got a 2 for 1 coupon this time and had the time to spare so figured why not.We got there about 6pm and were able to pay the day rate ($10.50, I think) even tho it was getting dark already. It took about 30 minutes to get to the top and by the time we did it was beautiful up there. All the lights were on and the view was fantastic! Not to mention that we got there about 5 minutes before the Bellagio turned on the fountains so we got a birds-eye view of the show. Awesome!
5	Totally worth the price of admission!  I can't believe I haven't done it before this last trip to Vegas! My hubby and I got a coupon for 2 for 1 admission ($10ish total - score!) and decided we would give it a go before our show Friday night.  It was 5:30P when we made our way up, but night had fallen already and we got the good view of night lights of the Vegas strip.  As an added bonus, we got up to the top seconds before the Bellagio Fountain show.  It was AMAZING from up top.  It added so much to the whole experience.  There was a line, since they can only take so many people up at a time, however it didn't take long.  Everyone seemed to easily move around up top without being crammed in and they have a safety grate to keep everyone in (for those who are afraid of heights). I love seeing the Strip from a bird's eyes view.  It isn't to be missed!
5	We stayed at Bally's, the sister hotel to the Paris, and received a two-for-one coupon to the top of the Eiffel Tower.  The tickets are $15 a piece at night, when purchased at regular price, so the $7.50 price tag was worth it.  I can't really say more than the other reviews except that this was my first night ever in Vegas and seeing the whole strip from atop the Eiffel Tower made me so feel so excited.  It was so thrilling to see all the crazy lights, hotels, and of course, the Bellagio fountain show.  This was like the equivalent of going to Disney World as a kid.  Except of course, this was a Disney World for adults.  My only complaint was that the longer wait (and we only waited about twenty minutes) could have been prevented by employing more elevators.
3	I should preface this by saying I've been to the real Eiffel Tower. I've also been to the Stratosphere.You get a much better view of the entire city from the Stratosphere than you do the Eiffel Tower. + Thrill Rides.I'm glad I went up it.... Everyone should, if only once. However, I don't think I'll ever return unless it's 1.) to accompany someone who hasn't done it before or 2.) for dessert at the restaurant.
3	The Eiffel Tower is a fun ride in a glass elevator to an observation deck with a view of the entire city all the way to the mountains.  We were lucky enough to be in the perfect spot when the water show at the Bellagio started so we had a bird's eye view of the whole thing.  That was pretty cool.  Make sure you use a buy one get one free coupon in the 24/7 books found in all the cabs.  Otherwise, this can end up being a pretty expensive elevator ride.
3	The view is gorgeous but I wouldn't come up again. It's so small up there and cramp with people. It romantic but you'll be over it in less then 10minutes.. Seriously. Admission  is decent, they have express for those who aren't patient( my boyfriend). For 7$ more.
4	$10 for elevator to top.  It was fun and something to do once in Vegas, but I don't feel the need to go again.  Unfortunately I was there with a girlfriend and it was a very windy day.  The tower had been closed and reopened already that day.  I was in a sundress, so it was freezing cold up there with all the wind going.  I got some great pictures and enjoyed the view.  I recommend it if you're cruising the strip and want to "do" something!  It would be lots of fun if you coordinated your trip to the top with the Bellagio Fountains show!
3	I took a walk from my hotel to the eiffel tower. hey I was never in Paris so I figured I'll go up the thing to see the strip. So I bought the tickets, stood in line, and then finally went up the elevator. OK. the only reason I gave it more than one or two stars was because from high up if you are on time for it you can catch a glimpse of the bilagio water fall singing. that was beautiful and it's cool to see it from above. other than that, you do see the strip, it's nice you see the stratosphere and alot of the other hotels and stuff. wow. nice. the wind blows around you above you and under you (yes under you) that's another cool part. the metals have spaces that let the wind through. cool! (i wasn't in Vegas on a hot week) but you look down and you see that its really not that tall. it's like a toy building. but I don't know why I am surprised. none of the buildings in Vegas are very tall at all. I look up at the tallest building there and it's just average. Well, fine. I went up the Eiffel tower so I was in Paris. ha ha. does anyone else feel that Vegas is an imitation city?
4	The tower itself (once up) is 5 stars...but getting there is 1 star -- so 5 minus 1 equals 4.  I really don't like the interior of the Paris Hotel and Casino.  It has that dated "sky" interior...and the whole place feels like a fake, open market -- where fish will come flying out of the air.  But enough about that...let's talk the tower.  It has the 2nd most beautiful view of Vegas....amazing 360 degrees.  It's small...but doesn't feel that small.  The price of admission was fairly high, if I recall.  Anyway, if you've never been to the top -- go...just try to not get agitated with the wait down below.
4	OMG I am SO HIGH RIGHT NOW!! I am definitely not low. I think I accidentally quoted Harold And Kumar Go To White Castle unintentionally. Despite the reference. I am not on any illegal substances I'm just commenting on how I'm about 50 stories above the ground. Much higher than some other surrounding Casinos. Usually, I'm too cheap to try something like these, but what the heck can't say no to 2 for 1 admission coupons. Besides, what are you going to do in Vegas during the daytime? And if you said sleep. You, my friend are missing out. After enjoying a delicious Paris buffet, I figure why not let's check out the Eiffel Tower while in Paris. Surprisingly, the view looked nothing like Paris but more like a land of potential or as my friend likes to call it "broken dreams". I admit I was a bit scared of the elevator ride up. It felt like Charlie and Chocolate factory and it is a lot higher than I thought it would be. My friend also added, "This is fun. So when do we drop?". HAHA! I guess it wouldn't be funny if it really happened, but I guess too many roller coasters and movies might give you some ideas. I manage to make it safely up and down the Tower. You get a great birds eye view from a birdcage. Remember to bring your camera so you can be like everyone else and look Tourist-y. :) I only had my cellphone camera so no long distance pics for me. When you go up to the top. Take your time and get your money's worth. You don't have to walk much. Just find a nice place to chill and relax. I don't recommend this for anyone scared of heights, because I did see a few people get off the elevator and head back down a second later. Great way to spend 10 or 14 bucks. Also, no alchie allowed :(. I ended having to chug a friends tall Margarita before going up the elevator, but it was okay because I just had breakfast. Besides I was feeling GOOOOD =). I still want to go back to see the Vegas skyline at night next time. Try it out and look for coupons!
4	I didn't make it to the top but this thing itself is awesome just from looking up from the ground.  I have yet to see the real thing in Paris, but this replica puts things in perspective for me and makes me want to visit the real thing so much more!
4	Got a "2 for the price of 1" deal from Bally's in our coupon book.  WHOO!A few things to note:- Expect (long) delays on windy days as they close the ride until the wind dies down.- After you purchase your ticket, they instruct you to come back 45 min to an hour later.  Then, you have to wait in line to take an elevator up Up UP to the top.  - There's no time limit on how long you can stay up there so expect delays if people decide to have a field day for hours.  - The water show ends at midnight so get your tickets no later than 11pm if you want to catch a glimpse of it!- Be prepared to see couples sucking face cause this is one romantic son of a view.  My cousin and aunt decided to do it first while my mom and I took a nap.  When they came down, they called to tell us how amazing it was and recommended we do it, too.  So, at 11:15pm, we lazily made our way to Paris from Bally's and bought tickets.  We came back by 11:45 (not the designated time) and were permitted in.  We missed the water show by 10 minutes, which was a bummer, but the views were breath-taking.  The safety jail bars made our pictures look kind of crappy but there were little holes in the fence to take clear photos.  I'd definitely recommend.  It's an AMAZING view of the strip from the center of the strip!!
3	Fun Ride, something to try when you're in Vegas (and you're not 21) =Dbut yeah, took the girlfriend here during the day to kill sometime before the night life and had to say it was not a bad experience.
4	Amazing views from the top. We also had a 2 for 1 coupon, so we only paid the $15 bucks for 2 tickets. (night time prices) It took 20 minutes to wait in line to the tickets and another hour to get to the elevator to go up to the top.I'm not gonna lie, waiting in that long line made me tired as hell. I was irritable and crabby by the time I got in the elevator. My husband and I were last to get in and it seemed like we were crammed into a small space. Before he actually closed the doors, I asked the staff if we could wait on the next one. He told me we had the best view going up. (I guess I was beyond crabby by this time)I kinda grumbled "this is BS". But by the time we got to the top and saw the magnificent view, my whole attitude changed. IT WAS AWESOME! To see the fountain show at the Bellagio from that high was beautiful. The lights from the hotels illuminated the strip. The stars in the night sky were glowing. My hubby grabbed me and we hugged there for a moment. (well a little longer than a moment) I can honestly say that if I travel to Las Vegas again, this will be a stop for us. I just hope that the line isn't as long.
3	I have to admit I got suckered in to going to the top of the tower. It was $15 to go at night but the wait was over an hour! So I pony-ed up the extra $7 and got express tickets. The view from the top is pretty cool, it looks just like you see in the movies. However the observation deck is small and therefore crowded and it's VERY windy! The entire thing is surrounded by a cage which means taking pictures is difficult. Most of the people up there are cool enough to let other people in to take a look and it's definitely worth waiting to watch the fountains at the Bellagio. Overall it's one of those that you should do when in Vegas but it's not really worth the money and it's nowhere near as cool as the real thing!
4	A must do when you are in Vegas.  Of course, you're gonna complain about the long line and the price to get up to the top, but I'm telling you it is worth the wait.  I recommend going at night since the city is all lit up and it's worth taking a lot of pictures of it.  Make sure you are in them though ;)  The only thing that can be kindy weird is the elevator.  There can be only so many that can squeeze in there at a time and it can get a little edgy.  I felt like I was on the Tower of Terror in Orlando again except I was standing up.  What are you waiting for?  Amuse-toi bien!
4	first of all, the view is Amazing!! Its $15 a person but if you stay at one of the Harris hotels you get 2 for 1 coupon that is valid after 5pm which was fine with us. we got to see the full water show from the Bellagio which was awesome. Once your up there, you can stay as long as you want to. There is no time limit. But to get up there is a pain in the butt. we had to wait in line almost 40 mins just to get up there because the elevator is tiny and can only hold about 14 people or so at a time
4	I've been here twice- once at daytime and the other at night (part two of my first date with my husband, back in January 2004). It's a different experience at both times but sweeping views either way. During the daytime, I remember seeing my alma mater, UNLV. Of course, the experience is a thousand times more romantic when it's seen at night (especially with the right person). The Strip looks its best at night, in all its neon lighted glory (am I right?). One of the four best places to see the views (Stratosphere, The Foundation Room, The VooDoo Lounge).This is a half scale replica of the original one in Paris. I recommend seeing the view from both times (if you can swing it)- it really is a different experience at each time. There is a coupon in the Vegas.com magazine available at casinos all over (picked up at Miracle Mile Shops at Planet Hollywood). No time limit, so hang out here, linger, it's alright, no Eiffel Tower police here. Don't recommend if it's super windy (might be even worse for allergy sufferers).
3	I been here twice to the LV Eiffel Tower. From my experiences, there are a few scenarios.1) The I never been up there before: Go, enjoy the view. It is cool for the first time2) I been up there before: Do not go. Wait for friends downstairs and gamble in the air conditioning. It is like hell up there and heaven in the casino unless you are losing.3) I been, but I am with a significant other who wants to go: Tough luck buddy suck it up or make up a phony excuse.
4	Great views! We went during the day time and it was nice, but a little breezy up top. There is automated info as you're going up in the elevator, but I couldn't hear it over the 2 girls behind me that were afraid of heights and wouldn't shut up. I prefer the live narration at the Space Needle in Seattle over automated.Fun experience. Will definitely do again with my hubby at night time. Would love to see it all lit up.
4	Nice view of the Vegas strip!!Even better yet at night time.  The lights of the strip looks astounding.  Price for tickets in the evening was a few dollars more than the day time but that's okay because it was also a great VANTAGE POINT to watch the fountains at Bellagio.  Unfortunately you can barely hear the music accompanying the fountains because we were high up.So for anyone who has not seen and been to the original Eiffel Tower in France, this one was a good alternative and located in one of the most vibrant cities in the world.Location     =     A+Price           =     A
4	It's a total Vegas thing to do. It's the Eiffel Tower, but it's not. And it does have a nice view of the Strip. And while it may seem like once you've seen one view you've seen it all, this is not the case. With the Eiffel Tower being right on the Strip, it offers a different view from that of the Stratosphere, Voodoo Lounge, etc.The best part of going to the top of the Eiffel Tower is that it is the perfect spot for watching the Bellagio fountain show.
4	We found a Buy 2 for 1 coupon so we only paid $5 each to go up the tower. (If you come in before 7pm, it's still considered as day price) We got there at 6pm and it was already dark outside. It was also freezing cold!! But we got to watch the fountain and it was beautiful!! :)
5	Great view.  Especially when the Belagio fountains go off.  Go here and get a discount for Jubilee.
3	Space needle---no problem.Willis Tower---no problem. Empire State Building---no problem.The Eiffel Tower (Las Vegas version)---BIG problemNice view of the strip, but my acrophobia nearly paralyzed me within seconds of stepping out of the elevator. There was limited walking space and I could've sworn I felt the whole thing sway. After enjoying the view for a split second, I stepped into the line that led back to the elevator. Unfortunately, this line wrapped around the entire observation area...so whether I liked it or not, I was stuck there.The next time I nearly pass out thousands of feet above ground, I rather it be on The Eiffel Tower (Paris version.)
3	Wait a minute!  We can write reviews on architectural designs/buildings?  This is going a little to far Yelp... A little too far.  If it doesn't have a bar, serves me food, or changes the oil in my car how can you rate an Objective piece of art?
5	AWESOME! Probably the best restaurant I've been to in Vegas. You come off of the elevator and walk by the open kitchen. Beautiful, clean, and just like what I'd imagine the kitchens to look like in France. The cooks all dressed in white, busily and systematically working away. We walk inside to the dimly lit restaurant and there is a young woman who is singing contemporary music like Nora Jones live with a very pleasant voice. We were seated to our candlelit table right by the window and watched the Bellagio fountain shows. The waiter was kind, prompt, classy, and knowledgeable. Our meals were delicious, the drinks were fantastic, and it was easily one of the most romantic nights I have ever shared with my husband. We can't wait to go back!
4	Great view of the strip and the mountains surrounding Vegas. We went around 10:30 in the morning and there was no line.  Bring the camera for some great pictures of Vegas you won't get anywhere else. There are buy 1 get one free admissions in the coupon books you'll find at the hotels on the strip. Also you might luck out like we did and get free passes for the tower as part of your Paris hotel package.
4	If you're looking for a great view of the strip, then head to the top of the Eiffel Tower at Paris! I definitely recommend going at night so you can see all the flashing lights of Vegas. It also gives you a great view of the water show at Bellagio. Bring your sweetheart and make it a romantic night.And if you ever get the chance, head over to France. The views from the top of the Eiffel Tower in Paris are AMAZING!
4	I love the Eiffel tower... The views from up there are amazing, especially at night when everything is all lit up. You can see the Bellagio water-show and it looks spectacular from up there! Then afterwards, get an Eiffel tower Daiquiri to complete your night! Yeah... It only took half of my eiffel tower drink to get me hammered. I couldn't finish the entire thing. The bartender put way too much liquor in mine, but i cant complain... more liquor=happy drunky me=great night! ;)I definitely recommend it, and don't forget to get the free Vegas (to-go) booklets from your hotel and use that 2-for-1 tickets coupon for the Eiffel tower ride :)So why not a 5 star? The lines to get on the down elevator is long every time! Hubby and I have been up there about 4 or 5 times and each time, the line is just super long. Other than that... its awesome and worth every penny!
2	We went up, and even had a discount for it (2 for 1 when you check-in on facebook).  It was, at best, so-so.  I'd recommend saving that money and time and doing something else with it.
4	I loved my experience on the Eiffel Tower ride. It's HUGE even though it's only a half-scale of the real thing! You buy your tickets in the souvenir shop right next to the entrance. You aren't supposed to bring any big back packs or excess packages because you need to make room for others and plus it would be such a hassle to carry all that up there because you might have to do a little squeezing by people to get a good view. They only let a certain amount of people up at a time, which is good while you're the ones up there because it allows you more space to roam and get your pictures in, but sad when you're in the long line down below waiting to go up the elevator. Oh well, deal with it! It'll be worth it when you get to the top. Speaking of getting to the top, we were the last couple crammed onto the elevator from our group so we were right in front, and to be honest I started freaking out a little because I felt like we were never going to stop going up, and for some reason I always think I'm on some thrill ride where the elevator is going to suddenly drop us down thirty stories. But anyway, the elevator finally stopped at the top of, I think it was 43 stories? and once I stepped out of the elevator on to stable ground I was fine. It was breathtaking to see all the lights from the strip and even surrounding neighborhoods and beyond. The entire area is caged to save the drunkies from hopping over. They have little square openings around the entire thing though so that you can stick your camera in and snap your pretty photos. BONUS to going at night is that you can watch the Bellagio Water show from up there and its beautiful!! So find out what times the show starts and hangout right outside the elevator facing the Bellagio so that you can save your spot!
5	==Paris Eiffel Tower==Got a 2 for 1 from the Taxi's coupon Vegas book. Well worth it. The line was pretty long. Took about 15-30 mins just to get to the elevator to ride up top. It's very crowded, but once you're on top, you will see the most spectacular view of Las Vegas. It's best to go at night. Stay up long enough and you will witness the Belagio water show. It's the BEST view from up here :) I posted some pictures of it. You may stay up here as long as you wish too and they do have telescopes you can pay if you wish. Bring a jacket as it sometimes gets cold at night depending on the situation.
5	This was my 2nd time up the Eiffel Tower. Unfortunately, both times I've been during the day. I would like to go at night, but it gets very packed and the line and wait is very long. Nevertheless, it is still an amazing view, day or night. Definitely recommend at least once while you're in Vegas!
4	We used our power passes to get tickets for the Eiffel Tower ride and it was pretty cool. It took about 40 minutes to get to the top for us since the line was so long, but they warned us about that. We had made it to the top in time to see the Bellagio fountain show, but there was no room left on that side of the platform, so we passed and headed down early. I would recommend going at night to see the strip all lit up. It has beautiful views and it feels really secure. Don't worry about it as you head up the elevator, since it looks like there won't even be room to stand (there is don't worry).I would definitely recommend going, and especially at night. It was a cool experience and I'm glad I went. Not sure I would go again though.
4	This is a great experience for a first time Vegas visitor, even though the wait was long the pictures we got at the top were great and I would definitely recommend paying extra for the night time experience. There are great views of the strip and you can catch the Bellagio fountain show from the top (it was too windy for the show to happen on our visit, but other say that it's almost worth it for that experience alone). They have little holes for you to stick your camera through for unobstructed pictures of the strip, and even though it's small you could probably be 2-3 people deep all the way around the platform so there is plenty of room for you to get some awesome views. You can stay on the platform for as long as you want so you are almost guaranteed to get the shots you are looking for.
5	Love it.... it cost you about $13 for one person. you should expect to wait about 30 to 60 mins if u go there at night, but it totally worth it!. u can see how beautiful Las Vegas is when you are at 46 floors. you can take a lot of great photos of Las Vegas night view. staffs are pretty nice there, too.
5	I paid the extra money to bypass the long line and it was well worth it. I didn't want to wait 1 hour in line with no guarantees that the line would move very quickly. I recommend seeing the view at night so you can see the sunset and the spectacular Bellagio water show. The view is worth the price of admission. The Eiffel Tower is an actual half size of the Eiffel Tower in Paris.
5	Going to the top of the Eiffel Tower made the trip to Vegas for me. And if the epic views weren't enough, you also get buy 1 get 1 tickets in the coupons that the hotel gives at check-in. (or check in the free Vegas.com booklets too, that you'll see around town)The views were SO incredible and the combinations of lights were so incredible that also seeing the Bellagio fountain show from the top of the tower was an awesome cherry on top. There are camera-sized holes in the protective grates that you can stick your camera through to get the perfect picture. And if I had one bit of advice, it would be to find out the times of the fountain show and try to get there early so that you can get a spot since it gets very crowded. This is a surely a must-see for any Vegas-goer!
1	Long line to wait to see what is NOT better view than your hotel window.  Go to dinner instead.  Its not a "ride", its just an elevator to the 30th floor or so...and then u have to look thru chain link.  Save your money.
4	The lines can get long, it can be hot and windy, it's not cheap, and it may not be enjoyable for those who fear heights or crowded spaces.The views are worth it. I just wish I was able to stay up there long enough to take it all in.
2	Had a buy one get one free coupon and it was during the day... so it only cost around $10.... but we waited in line for about 30 min., only to go to a small observation deck. It was an impressive view, but one that could be obtained from a hotel window. If you have a coupon and some free time it may be enjoyable. However, this is something you could skip. Spend the time just walking around the Paris hotel lobby.... as I found that more exciting and it cost nothing.
2	So apparently my husband was going to propose to me at the top of the Eiffel Tower during our last Vegas trip. Sadly, I ruined the proposal for him. hehehehFirst off, We waited about 40 mins in line just to get to the elevator to take us to the top. We had no idea that if you paid extra you could get VIP access. We were already half way to the elevator when we realized they gave that option. So being what was suppose to be a special occasion, the bf asks the worker if he could go back down to pay the extra fee. Sadly, to get back down he has to wait for the elevator to take him back to the 1st floor. That took about an extra 10 mins. By the time he comes back to me, I'm already tired, hungry and irritated. We finally get to the front of the VIP line and into a stuffed elevator. Right when we get to the top, I say to him " OMG, THIS PLACE STUCKS!'. It felt like we were in prison with all the cages. It was cramped and hard to get a good picture view since it was crowed. Don't get me wrong, the view was breathtaking, but it def wasn't worth all the waiting for! The bf and I were trying to take a picture but some rude guy blocked our view for a good 5 mins. It was obviously that we were trying to take a picture! To get back down we waited about 20 mins for the elevator to come back to us!Everything just turned out wrong that night. It was a horrible experience. After I said that to him, the bf decided not to pop the question but no worries, he asked me the next day .  I said Yes. =)
3	Freezing. Dirty Feeling. Crowded. Lots of Fencing. Lots of waiting.People who think this is the best view in Las Vegas has not been to the Stratosphere top of the view.Do that one first, then come back to this review.
3	I've never been up top... but the tower itself is a pretty cool monument in Vegas.. I'd love to go up one day and enjoy the view.
5	First time at Las Vegas, we decided to stay at Paris. We got a great deal and right on the strip. Once we got to the hotel, I was amazed by the architect, from everything to the outside and inside. Yes, there was an abundance of people but, that's Vegas. Our rooms were very nicely kept, house staff was around all the time to keep up with our rooms. The beds were the most comfortable, after hours of walking and drinking. I loved every single aspect of this hotel and can't wait to return.
2	Meh... $15 bucks to see the lights of Vegas from way up high. In all fairness, my friend was the one who really wanted to see it. So I guess some people are into it. For me personally, it's not worth the price.The service was less than stellar as far as the ride operators are concerned. Felt like I was back in grade school: "don't sit on the tile" (line was long! And my friend was squatting.) "Line up in twos! Two lines! Two lines! You here! You there! You here! You there! (Apparently the only reason for this was to help the operator COUNT how many of us would go in the elevator cab).I felt demeaned. *sigh*....
5	An amazing view of the strip. And also great view of bellagio fountains
4	Note: I didn't enter this beauty, simply observed it.From the boulevard, it's quite stellar especially during the night time. Paired with the balloon and the Bellagio fountains in front, it's quite the structure with a radiance of it's own (though I wish to see the real deal en Paris, mais c'est la vie pour l'instant...)When you go see the water show, can't miss this piece on the boulevard - get a camera and take some pictures of "Paris"!
4	Worth the money. Great views with portholes periodically in the "fencing" for your camera. Try to time your trip up so you see the Bellagio water fountain show across the way.
5	Ahhhh Paris... what is a trip to Paris without visiting the Eiffel Tower?! Now since I can afford a trip to Nevada instead of a trip to France, I think $10 a person to go up is quite reasonable!... They let so many people up at a time so if the weather is nice then be prepared to wait your turn... once you reach the top of the tower the view is absolutely breathtaking! You're so high up and you have an AWESOME view of the strip. I've never been up here during the day but I did visit at night and it was beautiful. The best thing?? You get a great aerial view of the fountains at the Bellagio. You can even hear the music too! I used the video option on my camera to record a fountain show (as you can stick your camera out of the little square box)... it came out nice! You just have to elbow your way to a good spot to see the strip.The gift shop downstairs has everything Paris if you need souvenirs to take home.
4	Eiffel Tower - Las Vegas Paris Resorthttp://www.parislasvegas.com/casinos/paris-las-vegas/casino-misc/eiffel-tower-detail.htmlFor a great view of Las Vegas, we visited the Eiffel Tower at Paris Las Vegas.  The view of the Las Vegas Strip and Bellagio Fountains and beyond is fantastic, especially at night.  I am an avid amateur photographer so this place is pretty fantastic for day and night time shots.  Be advised that there are only a few small 4x4 inch holes in the barrier screens around the top to take pictures from.  At night when everyone is on the West side looking at the Bellagio Fountains, you may need to wait to get your barrier screen free slot.  The tower does sway somewhat at the top, so for those sensitive to heights and movement beware.  Tip:  Look for 2 for 1 coupon in the tourist magazines.  The three of us went to the top for $18.  We've visited the tower now several times on many trips and look forward to the next visit.
5	Very good Replica of the real one ...beautiful picture spot..
4	Excellent attraction in an otherwise bad casino.  It costed us $27 for an express pass at 11PM on Christmas day. The express pass is only $5 more than the regular ticket and is well worth it. It saved us about 45 minutes. The casino floor is very smokey and waiting in line for an additional 45 minutes is not recommended. unless you're a smoker. The view from the top is fantastic. You can catch the fountains at the Bellagio which is probably the main attraction here which I found funny. You can get some nice night time photography done here.
4	If you're never going to make it to the real Paris and/or want an amazing view of the Bellagio fountain show and the Strip, check this out. The view of the Strip is amazing and it's fun for families, couples, and tourists of all kinds. While it's DEFINITELY nothing compared to the real Eiffel Tower, it's still a must for first time Vegas tourists.
4	While the actual Eiffel Tower in Paris is 10 times better this is not bad. It gives you a completely different view of the strip and the beautiful mountains surrounding Las Vegas. I was not able to go up at night this trip so I cannot comment on the evening show but during the day offered gorgeous views of the strip and mountains.I think it a little overpriced but I learned later in the trip that there are booklets around Vegas that give you buy one get on free tickets. It is definitely a site to checkout.
5	This was probably one of my favorite activities this Vegas trip. We went up just after sunset. There was no line and the staff very friendly. Tickets were $10.00 each which I didn't think was too bad. But I later found out there are BOGO coupons floating around. Keep your eye out for those coupons.The view was amazing. The Vegas lights were in full effect and as cheesy as it sounds, it took my breath away. I just love the extravagance of Vegas and the view from up top showed it right. Don't forget to stick around for the water show at the Bellagio. Just an amazing point of view from up top.Now all these silly people comparing the real thing to this one, come on. Take it for what it is, an excellent view of the Vegas strip and you won't be disappointed.
5	One of my favorite things I did in Vegas. Our hotel gave my group a coupon booklet, so we used one here.  I think it was buy 1 get 1 free on tickets.  You can see all of the strip from here and the best thing is seeing the water show at the Bellagio from the top, it really is the perfect view.  Can't wait to go back!
4	I went to Paris, France years ago and never bothered to make the trip up the Eiffel Tower. So when my girlfriend gave us free passes to go to the top of the Eiffel Tower at the Paris Hotel in Las Vegas, I shrugged and said "Better late than never I guess!" The entrance to the Eiffel Tower is located in the center of the casino right next to the gift shop. My girlfriend had gotten VIP tickets which normally cost a little more but are totally worth the price because you get to jump the ridiculously long lines. We were escorted to the elevator and up we went to the top of the Eiffel Tower. The balcony area was packed with people and we edged our way towards an unobstructed view of the city. It was about 7 pm and the landscape of Sin City was lit up like Christmas! Standing at the top of the steel replica was a wonderful way to see the lights of the Las Vegas strip and the Bellagio fountains. The Eiffel Tower is worth doing at least once and much cheaper to get to than Paris, France!Yelp 365 Challenge: #170/365 (The Second Chance)
5	We arrived around noon. The wait was about 15 minutes. Their eiffel tower is exactly half the scale of the real one. Awesome view! We had buy one get one free admission coupons. This was a real bargain. I would have paid full price because it was that good. It is more expensive at night, but the view is outstanding.
5	don't bother paying full price because you won't be up there for too long. the night view is beautiful but of course they have safety mechanism in place such as metal fence over the eiffel tower so that you don't throw things over. the 2 for 1 coupon can be found in various books. i got mine from signing up at bally's for the total rewards membership casino card(free). i spent about $30 for 4 people to go up at night for almost half hr. then it got too cold (in december)!! remember to bring a scarf or a light jacket/hat to keep you warm if you want to hang out longer. the elevator ride up /down was pretty cool and scary since its see through! perfect for those who have not been to eiffel tower and want to get a feel.. or even for those who have been!
2	We paid for this.  I can't believe it.  For free its a good deal, but to pay?  Sheesh.  There really is a sucker born every day, and that was my day to fill the role.  On the upside...it beat walking the strip in 100 degree weather?
4	I love the view from the top of Las Vegas.  You get to see Vegas in 360 degrees.  I have only visit the tower once in the daytime.  On my visit, I will love to see Vegas at night.
4	This was probably the most unexpected excitement of my trip to Vegas.  My group arrived around 7:30 and had about a 30 minute wait which really wasn't too bad considering time seems to fly by pretty fast in Vegas. The tickets are purchased in the 1st floor of the casino not too far from the main entrances. You will also find a "Paris" gift shop in the same vicinity as the tickets. I don't know if I didn't browse the shop long enough or not but it would have been cool to get a model replica of the Tower....maybe next time? Maybe.Going up the elevator the staff gives you a brief history of the Elevator and one of the coolest thing they told us was the tower was originally going to be built to scale to the original Eiffel tower. Unfortunately the proximity to the airport did not allow for this to happen :o(. Once you get to the top the view is simply breathtaking! All of the Vegas lights sparkle and its definitely a great place to be with you spouse :-). I highly recommend grabbing a spot that overlooks the Bellagio because in my opinion it is the best place to watch the water show. **NOTE TO THOSE AFRAID OF HEIGHTS** The observation deck is fully enclosed so no falling over scary balconies :o).
4	I've been up here twice - first time I had a Total Rewards coupon which helped for the $15 night fee, and it was great because we got up there just before all the lights on the strip casinos turned on and the Bellagio fountains started up. Second time was during the day, it was $10 and I still think it's a decent value because you can pretty much stay up there as long as you like and it's got a great view.However - DO NOT GO if you are afraid of heights.  Both times I've gone with people who claimed they were okay with glass elevators and enclosed balconies, but they were literally crying by the time we got to the top.  I'm not even that scared of heights and the ascent was a little freaky.  Save yourself $10 if you're not comfortable going up 46 stories in a glass elevator.
4	Dear Guys,When you are trying to romance a woman in Vegas bring her here.  There is no better view in All of Vegas.  From here you can see everything and most importantly the Fountains of Bellagio show.  So, pay the price and ride the elevator to love.  Seriously you are gonna get some lovin after this.
2	I guess you need to go at night, because during the day it was RIDICULOUS. ZZZZZZ
1	I was not impressed at all by this.  The top was crowded and you had to fight your way to look at the view.  Had dinner at the Eiffel Tower Restaurant and prefer that view 10 times more than going to the top of the tower.  I will say that the staff that works the tower are great and very welcoming.
1	We had the 2-for-1 coupon, but we still didn't think this was worth it at all.  It's EXTREMELY high up, you can't hear the music that goes with the Belagio fountains, and they let way too many people up there at the same time.  There were people lined up to leave who were freaking out a little.  There were people fighting for the space to take pictures.  I'd recommend you save your money and look at a postcard.
4	We got a buy one/get one coupon from a coupon book at our hotel, so we went to the ride. The price on the board outside the ride states that a daytime ride is $10.50/person, but including all the Vegas taxes and casino fees, it ends up being about $17/person. We went up anyway and the view is definitely a good one. It's one of the highest points on the trip. There's an elevator every 4 minutes, so you can leave at any time or stay longer. We ended up being able to watch the Bellagio fountain show from the top, which was nice, and we could also get a 360 view of the whole city. There is a tight grill/cage around the area with small 3x3 portholes for camera shots along the cage. If you can stick your camera in there, you can get uninhibited views in every direction. We were able to withstand the heat for about 30 minutes before we had to go down. It might be prettier at night, but other reviews said that it was crowded (at it's more expensive). It was relatively free during the day. We didn't really have to wait in line, and we got some nice pictures of the city.
4	Are you afraid of heights? If so, then stay away from this ride.  If not, then hop onboard and enjoy the scenic view.  I went during the 115 degree day, but I enjoyed looking down the strip in every direction.  To me, this is the ideal view for a glimpse of Las Vegas Blvd as it is located in the middle of the strip directly in front of the Fountains of the Bellagio. If you go during the day, make sure it is after 3pm so you can view the Fountains of Bellagio water show.  If you go at night, bring a date, as I am sure the view would just be so romantic that you would really think you are in Paris.
4	My love hate experience with the Eiffel Tower. We tried our best to see make it to the Eiffel Tower three nights in a row for an awesome night view of the strip but each time we tried there was lightening in the sky so it was closed. Finally on our last day around 7pm we were able to go up and see the view. While up top we were able to get an aerial view of Las Vegas and into the mountains surrounding the strip and downtown area. Even though it wasn't the night time experience that we oped for, it was still amazing. I think its one of the best places to watch the Fountains at the Bellagio.
4	It took us four tries to visit the Eiffel tower due to inclement weather. If there is even lighting in the valley miles away, the tower is closed. We had to settle for visiting it during the day since it was our last night in Vegas. The views are amazing from the Eiffel tower, despite being only 50 stories while it's older brother in the other land is 100 stories tall. Definitely try to come here during sunset for the best sky, and at night for the lights. Broad sun light may pose a problem while taking pictures. Also, use the openings in the gate for positioning your camera. Cheers
5	A must do in Vegas! The cost is worth every penny. The staff are extremely knowledgeable and will give you a ton of fun facts about Vegas/Paris/the Strip. And hey, if you're lucky like us, you'll be at the top when the Bellagio fountain show happens!
5	Awesome. Found cheap 1/2 price coupons on eBay ahead of time. All worked out and we went up just as it was getting dark. Super night time views! Do this and eat at the 'Top of the World' Stratosphere Hotel restaurant and you've pretty much got your Vegas-heights sight seeing covered :)
4	For the second part of my Vegas trip, my boyfriend and I stayed at Planet Hollywood. Upon checking in, we received a booklet of coupons and there was one of the Eiffel Tower ride.On our last day, we decided to go to Paris and have a look-see. Prior to the ride, there is a photographer that take a picture for you that you can later purchase. Our picture turned out so nice but it was $20 for a print and it would probably get crushed in our luggage, so we decided against it. The elevator ride up was nice and slow though you can't see much because of all the metal. When I finally got to the observation section, I realized at that moment that I was a bit scared of heights. Not exactly deathly terrified of heights, but being at that height, I felt like I had to tread carefully or the whole tower would collapse, lol. Anyways, the observation tower was a nice experience, and even had small unfenced sections so you could stick your camera lens and get an image of the Strip.The attendant that took us up and down even informed us about the tower about its blabbity blab, which was nice, I just don't remember much about what she said.Definitely a a good experience, I'd like to dine at the restaurant next time and maybe go in the evening to see all the lights and see the Bellagio water fountain show from up there.
5	This is one of my favorite things to do in Vegas.  I would suggest paying $25 for the VIP express, rather than $18 for the normal line.  We saved over an hour of wait time by paying $7 more.  The view is beautiful, and its the best place to watch the Bellagio fountain show.  You can stay up on the deck as long as you would like.The attendant Arlene is awesome...hopefully she will take you up.
3	Um... yeah. Not that great. If you've ever been to the top of the Space Needle or the top of the Stratosphere, there's little need for you to go to the top of this. Unless, of course, you're with someone who has never done these things. Then you have no choice. The line is long and slow going both up and down. I had to pee so bad and there's no way to get down any faster. I saw a set of stairs, but there was a security guard sitting on the top step playing with his iPhone. I guess traversing those stairs wouldn't have been a good idea anyway, but whatever. You'll find a whole lot of rude tourists at the top, just like at the bottom. People are pushy and shovey and rude. Ugh. We were given a two-for-one coupon at another Harrah's property but sadly I discovered it was only good for travel before 5pm (booo!). Thankfully the cashier cared not and gave me the discount anyway. Thankfully again the ticket taker cared not that the tickets said 'AM Ride". (Yay!)Worth it ONLY if you get a 2 for 1 and you don't have a baby digging its foot into your bladder.
4	Somehow or another, I had never been to this tourist attraction at the Paris, but, having a coupon from a friend who had recently and previously been to Vegas, we were able to get one ticket  at full price in exchange for an additional one for free. This depends on the time of day you go, but if you choose night, then you're looking at a total of $23 for two originally priced tickets of  about $12. The reason the math still looks like its for two is because there is a ~$2.50 surcharge per ticket, which is  annoying. Its absolutely essential you get this deal, and if not, just wait until its available to scale this monument.Speaking of scale, it's 1/2 scale of the original Parisian World Fair of 1889 entrance, making it around 500 feet high instead of the 1,050 feet of the original, but its still startling for its views at night. After you pay, you get your picture taken by a photographer upon a walkway that promenades across the Paris casino. You'll notice that the foundations of this tower are actually indoors and when you go up, you're outdoors with phenomenal vistas of the Bellagio (where you can watch the fountain shows if you're able to sit on some space circumventing the see-through safety fence). The Cosmo, Paris and even further hotels like the Aria and NYNY are easily seen at night. Great value especially if you never plan to venture out to France to see its bigger, older brother.
5	The original plan was to build a full scale Eiffel Tower just just like the one in Paris but it had to be scaled down to 1/2 of the original because it would affect the flight path of the airplanes at McCarran Int Airport. The view from the Eiffel Tower is just breathtaking all around the tower with a birds eye view of the Bellagio fountains and its a great photo opportunity for tourists and spending time with that significant other. But this is nothing like the real Eiffel Tower but a close hand experience worth trying. Sometimes the Paris hotel has specials for rated Total Rewards players like a 2 for 1 ticket when checking in. Next to the Eiffel tower elevator is the gift shop for all your spending needs and pricey IMO $$.
4	The Paris Eiffel Tower is undoubtedly one of the premier signatures of the Las Vegas Strip. If you have no problem with heights, I highly suggest taking the elevator ride up the scaled tower. If you go on a weekday like I did, you should have almost no wait, but if you go at night, and a weekend at that, expect to wait in line anywhere from 30 to 90 minutes.Me and my +1 were flipping through the small Vegas guidebook/coupon book on our last day and saw a 2 for 1 coupon for the Eiffel Tower and made time before our flight. We headed towards Paris and paid $16 for 2 tickets; the coupon can also be used at night. I'd suggest going at night and watching the Bellagio Fountains. The view from the observation deck is just as spectacular in the day.After you pay and get your tickets, you take a few pics, and wait for the elevator ride. I managed to do well until I got to the observation deck. The anxiety kicked in and I should have definitely had a shot or two before making my way up. Nevertheless, I popped a Lorazepam and  managed. The view is ahhhmazing and I snapped a few pics with my Canon. You're allowed to stay up there as long as you want, but it can get windy at night, so take that into consideration. It's true you can get similar view for free at many of the other hotels, but a trip up the Eiffel Tower seems to be on every girl's bucket list.
5	I've been wanting to go up the tower and so glad I was finally able to.  We went during the day which was nice but I definitely want to go back at night time and see the difference.  The elevator guide asked everyone in the elevator what hotel they were staying at and gave a quick history on each hotel (scandals, murders, etc).  They also took pictures before you go up to the tower and you can buy them after for a decent price.
4	Romantic place to take your loved one to at night! My hubby brought me up here for my first time and boy was it breathtaking! If you come here during fall, I'd recommend to bring your jacket because it does get a bit chile up there at night. The view of the strip is spectacular along with the Bellagio water show. This is definitely a romantic spot to bring your date to! ;)
4	Excellent service and views from a wonderfully decorated restaurant.You had better enjoy French cuisine though or you won't be happy.This is gourmet food at it's best.  Everything is served differently than you will expect but is outstanding and challenges your senses.Personally, I'm not a fan of this type of food but that's not the restaurants fault.  Only four stars from me because out of a 6 course meal, I was only able to recognize one item.
4	The view is beautiful. Food is good limited choices with limited quantity.
2	This was a little disappointing.  The observation deck was really small.  We waited 30 minutes in line and stayed maybe 15 minutes.  It was really cold.  At night you can see the water show at the Bellagio.  I thought the Stratosphere was much better.  It was bigger and comfortable.
5	An amazing piece of architecture in the middle of downtown Las Vegas.  If you have been to Vegas, there is almost no possible way to miss the beautiful half scale replica of the Eiffel Tower.The views are amazing and I have only been up at night and it really was breathtaking.If you look through different coupon books located at different hotels you will probably be able to find a 2 for 1 elevator ride.
3	Enjoyable thing to do a few minutes while on the strip.We used a buy one get one coupon from american casino guide,and also went at dusk which is less expensive than `night` trips so it was like double the value. Of note if you don`t like heights- its is fine once you are on top but the elevator,at the moment its whisks you up form teh casino floor,and breaks through to the open sky you may not like the sensory experience,like I fell ill to a few moments.Once on top I was fine.Elevators are small, and they don`t rush you down it seems to be stay at will. We stayed to watch the bellagio light show FROM ABOVE,way above which was a neat way to see it. Great views.The Stratosphere tower,while higher isn`t the same part of the strip as this,I feel this,smaller has better things to see. Looking forward to the TWO new eye in the sky rides vegas is offering soon
2	I just visited the Eiffel Tower Experience at Paris Las Vegas. There were 4 in our party and we paid $14.00 per person, $56.00 to ride up the elevator and see the view. While I admit it was a good 360 degree view of Las Vegas, I didn't feel that the price was warranted. Once you get up there, you can walk around the tower in a circle, oooo and ahhhh over the great view and that takes all of 2 minutes. I think attraction is worth $7.00 tops. But if you are just REALLY REALLY into the view it might be worth it. Review in a few words: "I coulda had a V-8"
5	This is a awesome structure. 40 stories up and 360 view of the city. Great staff that is knowledgeable about the city, history and great recommendations for stuff throughout the city. During the day is great but, by night, it is alive with lights. Not expensive about 15.00 per person and always a must do for me.
4	Pretty solid spot to see at Vegas!I have been to the real Tower but this one did not really disappoint either. I kept searching for the 2 for 1 deal from coupon book but never found it. So I think I paid around $15 - 20 for the ticket.The view is stunning! I recommend going up there right before the fountain show starts so you get a completely different but better view than anyone else! There is no bathroom up there so make sure you do that before you go up to the tower. The staff were friendly and funny.Not 5 stars because if you could get into any of the rooftop club nearby for free, you get just the same stunning view of Vegas strip.
3	Overpriced?  Yes, but I'm still happy I can say I checked it off my Vegas bucket list.  I went specifically to get pictures and I'm glad I did and now that I have, I probably wouldn't do it again unless I was going with someone who had never been and wanted to go.  And I had a coupon.  And there was no wait.
3	The pina colada flavor is recommended for those giant eiffel tower drinks.  The strawberry was tough to get down because it was so artificially sweet.If you go inside to order a drink, beware of being over charged.  The bartender gave us nicer-than-well vodka sodas without us asking for them.  Not the end of the work, but I think they were $12 a piece.
4	Once in a lifetime kind of thing. The thrill of the Eiffel tower minus smelly, american hating french people. 360degree vista of the entire strip plus the mountains. Best part was watching Bellagio's Fountain show from the top.One star for only having one of the three elevators working....really??
5	The service is beyond amazing - this last visit I dropped my knife and by the time I reached down to pick it up the waiter was standing beside me with a new replacement.  Its the little things like that that keep me coming back.
4	Definitely a touristy spot for sure, but then again... what part of Vegas isn't geared to be a tourist trap? If you want a good view of The Strip and won't be making a trip to Paris, France any time soon... then this is the perfect spot for you. I've been to the  Eiffel Tower in Paris a few times and I know that nothing will compare from Gustave Eiffel's masterpiece. However, this is a great spot to take photos and just take a breather and look around. If the tower isn't your thing, fear not, head over to New York, New York... just a short walk away and check out another replica of his other famed creation, Lady Liberty herself.
4	Good location on the strip, about 500 feet up, with chances to take photos through the little holes of open space. A rather emaciated, bald middle aged black tour guide offers tons of insight for you as you look around. He's a cool old cat and worth talking to if you're interested in Vegas history and current events.
1	A waste of time and money. First of all I researched before going the cost on their website. $15 a person... great,  sound like fun. You get to the ticket counter and they are charging you more. I pulled their website up on my phone and asked about their posted price. The lady abruptly tells me their posted price was without fees and taxes.  In the end you ate paying about $40 for 2 people. Then you find out it is like a 30 minute wait in line to the top. Ok,  no big deal to see something they advertise as romantic. What they don't tell you is one you make it to the top it is cramped, hot and you are stuck in another 30-40 minute line to get back downstairs! We went on my birthday and had a lot of plans that night. This stupid ride took about 1 1/2 hours of our busy night and made us late for anything else. Wish we would have known about the extra wait time. You are also trapped at the top without a place to sit or bathroom so keep that in mind before you go. All in all I feel it was a total waste of our time and money and I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. ..especially if you are on a time schedule.
4	Tall daquaris that don't skimp on the rum!  For me it's the best place to get the most drink for your buck.  When I went here in July 2013 the Eiffel Tower glass was $18, and the thing is almost two feet tall.  You can nurse that thing all night!
2	when you arrive at the hotel the registration wait is a line that takes 45 minutes!  talk about poor customer service!
5	Every time I'm in Vegas, I swear I would do the following:-Hit the jackpot-Ride the NYNY roller coaster-Ride the Eiffel Tower to the topI've only done 1 of the 3. It's a start!It' kind of expensive, even with the BOGO 1/2 deal (which is only applicable to the day time), but when you get to the top, you'll forget you're on the tallest (and most money earning outside of gambling) tourist trap on the strip. I know it's hot at the top, but stay until the Bellagio fountains come on. The view is extraordinary.
4	This was my second time going up.  The first was a few years back and we went up late in the evening.  It took 2 hours in line and when we got up there there was a storm blowing in and the fountains had been shut off and we were one of the last to get up.  Basically it was miserable.  This time I was out on the strip early in the day and went up just after they opened.  There was nobody in front of me for the elevator up and very few folks when I got up there.  I took lots of pictures and even figured out how to take video with my phone of the fountains at Bellagio which normally do not start until later in the day.  Definitely one of those things to do when in Vegas.
5	Great panoramic views and photo ops: checkFabulous brunch selection: checkSuperb service: checkThis is a wonderful venue for a Sunday brunch with the girls and a romantic  choice for couples. I definitely recommend this classy establishment!
5	Came here for part of Our Anniversary and all I can say is OMG!!! Why did it take us so long to go up the eiffle. The view is amazing. I can only imagine what it is like at night. The cars driving below us looked like little plastic model cars! The guy that rides in the elevator with you is so knowledgeable about all of Vegas!! We got a 2 for 1 ticket so it costed 17.00. They take pictures of you prior to getting on elevator. No obligation to buy if you do 27.00 and up. We will go again.
5	We rode up the tower on Thursday afternoon. I'm extremely afraid of heights! Yet, I was brave enough for a moment to get on that elevator with my husband. Sweating throughout the not-so-short elevator ride because I was so scared. Yet... once I stepped out and calmed down... I enjoyed the view! Breathtaking. So amazing!!!! The attendants are very courteous and knowledgeable about everything Vegas. I'm so glad we had this experience. We saw the Bellagio water show from up there, amazing!! I'd do it again :)
1	I went to Paris for the eiffle tower experience and the brunch. After having a wonderful brunch me and my friends went to the eiffle tower experience as we had a buy one get one free coupon. Then as the sign stated the ticket was $11.50 I was shocked and appalled when she asked for $17! As unapologetic and robotic as they come, she spouted that it's $11.50 plus tax plus tax for the second ticket. I asked her where it said that on the coupon and she couldn't show me as it wasn't there and of course there was nothing she could do about it. My friend got in free as it was her birthday yet didn't have to pay taxes on that.... How that makes sense , I'll never understand. But it put a damper in the whole experience!  That being said, it is a beautiful view. Well worth $11.50....... Not $17....
4	Went to my company Christmas party here. I really like this place. Really nice. The only bad part I would say is the DJ didn't know what they where doing, the music was stop and go all night.
4	If you have a fear of heights, this probably isn't for you.  The wait for the elevator ride up 40+ stories is longer than many will have patience for.  the window on the elevator reminds one that all that's between you and the great outdoors is a network of steel framing outside the elevator door as it rises to the caged in observation platform.  Evenings are best for the photo ops and views.  Listed on "20 things to do in Vegas for under $20."I spent enough time topside to snap close to 30 pics of the strip by poking the camera lens though the perfectly sized holes in the steel cage.  That was enough time for me and I was happy to go back down.What i didn't understand was people poking their phones out the holes to snap pics... I'm wondering how many phones have survived the 450ish ft drop.
2	Honestly this attraction is not worth the money. You wait 30 minutes to go to the top to sit up there for no more the 10 minutes then you have to wait another 30 minutes in line to catch an elevator back down. Also they allow too many people up at once so it's just overly crowded & obnoxious.
4	Recommended to go night time to see a view las vegas.Adult was $18 per person, if you were the first timer in vegas trip, it was worth to pay.We went there during xmas holidays, It was cold and windy at night.i think summer will be perfect to watch it.
2	Food was good but nothing special. Portions are small. For what you pay you are better off going somewhere else. Will never go here again.
4	Do it at sunset!If it's your birthday you save $14.Did this after our brunch and it was a nice view, Vern I believe is the hosts name has knowledge on a lot of Las Vegas History.Look out for him, older black male. Funny too.
1	I am giving this place only 2 star because the front desk lady made me so stress out ! We had an adventure pass and apparently the machine was not working, I called the number on the back of my pass and the lady on the phone said it was still active!! I told the lady in the front desk and she looked at me blankly and said "what do you want me to do, its NOT working"! ....I was like can i speak to someone please?!? she just send me outside and then we had to get sent back in again. There was just so much back and forth because all the employees working there didn't want to deal with it!What type of customer service is that?!?! At this point I was sooo frustrated and upset that i literally just want to leave! So after 35minutes the adventure pass lady spoke to the front desk lady and explained to her about the machine and she realized her mistake that they didn't input the machine correctly! ugh!!! No sorries for making us wait so long and being so rude! We went up the flight up and the view was quite nice but make sure to bring a jacket during the night it gets quite cold! Literally you would probably stay up there for a good 10 minutes to watch the belligio water show and thats that! So i waited 35 minutes for a 10 minute walk through! -_- so not worth it!
3	Beautiful view from the top!  Overlook the fountains at the Bellagio, recreation of the arch de triumph, and the entire Las Vegas strip!  Check the coupon books for a BOGO offer - $8.50 each ticket otherwise - but.... of course if you use the coupon they charge you a $5 convenience fee.  Womp Womp.  SCAM.One thing that irritated me was that they have a little clock at the bottom of the staircase indicating how long you will have to wait in line for the elevator to the top.  It is a blatant lie.  It said that it would be between 10-15 minutes before we arrived at the top.  We waited over a half hour before we could even SEE the elevator.  -_-   It gets worse.  There is a wait for another half hour at the top of the tower just to get to the elevator to come back down.So if you think this is a cute little way to kill a half hour... think again, this is at least a 2 hour affair.Other than that, the staff was friendly - a bit pushy with the selling of the photos though.  Knowledgable about the structure and tell you the similarities and differences between it and the actual tower in Paris, France.
5	WOW!!!! Absolutely beautiful views of the strip !! The top of the Eiffel Tower is small though and you aren't up there for very long you can see the Bellagio fountains it's perfect! You come up here to take pictures of the strip and it's hard to take pictures with you in them but good luck They even offer discounts to military personal
4	For a mini Eiffel Tower I think you guys did awesome.Even if it is steel and not iron. It's ok, I don't think there will be an influx of fae that you need to chase off anyway.However back to the tower, it was good fun heading up the observation deck. It's nice that it's fully enclosed. My best friend still hyperventilated at the height however and couldn't go too close to the caged edge while I gleefully snapped everything while ooohing at the mountains.I love how flat everything is. It's such a change from home. So flat! Everywhere!All in all, the photographer on the way up the towers is pretty suckful. What is it with the paid photographers in Vegas? Can they not shoot a decent photo? Ugh - hence the 4 stars. The view however is well worth the trip to the top.
4	It is a beautiful view of Las Vegas...a great way to see the strip...having said that it is quite expensive for a quick trip to the observation deck...
2	Table for two was cut in half and everyone is packed against the window with people bumping into you. The restaurant is over crowded with tables and so many people you can't hold a conversation without almost yelling or moving on the other persons lap. Cocktails are $18 and $6.50 for sodas at the bar or in the restaurant.  The food is really good but the portions are VERY small (except the filet it was generous but the side items are very little),  they treat you like cattle in how they pack you in! Don't sit next to the window its cramped and there is very little table space instead ask for a 6-8 person seat with even 2 to 6 people if you have 10 people they will try to pack you all in. Their tip % they ask for starts at 18% however I started at 15% and removed the $6.50 soda and $8 for two table spoons of ice cream I was charged. I know its not the servers fault for the abuse of pricing however I held them accountable.Don't order a soda and pre-game it with cocktails. I suggest ordering the Filet mignon rare its really really good and so is the Veal. Also try the hand rolled pasta side dish be sure to save room for the caramel souffle!!! Worth going up there late at night and just have the souffle and enjoy the view!
3	I think this is something that everyone should do while in vegas specifically for the awesome view. That being said, there are a couple of things that make me give this attraction a moderately low rating. I kept hearing or reading that this was the BEST PLACE EVER to watch the fountains at the Bellagio. That is 100% false. It is way more impressive to just watch the fountains in front of the Bellagio - from the top of the Eiffel Tower, it looks really small, and you don't get to hear any of the music the show is choreographed to. It is a lackluster experience. Additionally, since the elevator can only hold about 10 people at a time, when we wanted to go back down, we had to wait in another line (approximately 20 minutes). That was a huge bummer since by the time we wanted to go down, we were totally done with the tower and annoyed with the wait. You could see the new giant ferris wheel from the tower, and though I haven't ridden on it, the Eiffel Tower looks like it has a better vantage point and they both reach a similar height, so if you are deciding between the two, I'd say go with the tower. There were coin operated binoculars that you could use to check out the sights. I really liked the cute little bridge that we were waiting on while in line to get to the top - the ambiance is really cute.
3	The only reason we came was because we had a coupon. Apparently locals get the bogo special which is nice. A really nice view but don't forget your jacket. Must see if you're in Vegas.
4	Heard a lot of great things about the view at the top of the Eiffel Tower at the Paris hotel and decided to give it a try. It was my birthday so I got a comp and didn't pay and the boyfriend paid $15.50. It's about $5 cheaper during the day. I suggest paying the extra $5 for the spectacular night view. Before you enter the elevator to get to the top, there's a lady that takes pictures of you to keep as a souvenir. It takes about 2 minutes to get to the top, but the night we went it was super windy, so it took a little longer. The view was amazing! It was so romantic and I was so happy to have tried this! The Bellagio water show was beautiful at the top of the Eiffel Tower. Def a must try!!
4	We went to Paris Hotel and enjoyed the indoor mall, designed as streets of Paris.  It wasn't as loud or crowded as other yelpers had noted, but perhaps we had great timing.The wait to the Eiffel Tower is not too long and the view was an incredible contrast of the city, surrounded by mountains.  I fear heights, but could handle this.  Also the viewing tower was enclosed.  This is a must do, if you go to Las Vegas!!!!!
5	Great experience!  This was on top of my bucket list for Vegas for some reason and I'm so glad we made it. Maybe I'm just a sucker for Great views at great heights but this was so worth my time and money! A few in my party weren't as into as I was until we got up there and they quickly agreed it was a good idea. We got lots of great pictures and were there to see a proposal :) how sweet!  Only downfall is we were there too early in the morning to be able to watch the fountain show as it doesn't start til 3 pm! It would've been the perfect place to view the show! Loved that the elevators were open so you got flashes of scenery as you rode up. Our elevator man was very knowledgeable and friendly and gave us interesting tidbits and history as well!
5	I absolutely ADORE the fact that the Paris Hotel has an mini Effiel Tower replica. Who's idea was that? It's GREAT! It really lights up the strip and it's soooo cool. You must, must take pictures with the Eiffel tower in the background at night! I think you can even go to the top of it which I'm so mad that I DIDN'T know that!! I will definitely go next time. Love, love everything about this hotel, it has an authentic Paris feel.
4	I stopped by here with my fiance and some of her co-workers on my most recent trip to Vegas.  We didn't have reservations whenever we made our way over here but that didn't prove to be a problem as we were seated within a reasonable amount of time.  The table that we sat at ended up having a good view of the casino although I would have much preferred the strip.   I ended up ordering the roasted farm raised chicken which was moist, juicy and good.  It came with a side of green beans that had a lemon butter sauce on it which was amazing.The bottom line for me is that I would head back here again in the future.  The food was good and I was surprised that the prices were a lot more reasonable than I had expected.
3	Elevator ride. Get off elevator. Walk in a big ass circle. Enough said, I just saved you $20. You're welcome :)
4	Oh how I love going to this place!!:)) So beautiful from the top, especially during winter and watching the Bellagio fountains with music. The only downfall they don't let you take your own pictures, before you go in the elevator they take your picture and try to make money off you. If they catch you taking a picture they will lecture you how no pictures allowed. But hey, that's Vegas for you:)
3	This place is beautiful and has a very nice ambiance, like strolling through a park. There's lots of good food but drink service is terrible.
5	"Romantic Eiffel Tower View"If you are in Vegas with a loved one or even with just some friends I would have to recommend this experience of going all the way to the top of the Eiffel Tower! Look around for deals on the tickets for the ride to get up and especially at night! Even better if the Bellagio water show is going on! The restaurant is nothing short of amazing! Food was pricey but well worth it!
5	Best place to watch the Bellagio water show! The view of the strip was amazing! You can also get your picture taken to take home as a souvenir (price was $20+ for the pics). Google the Eiffel Tower Las Vegas coupon. I found a coupon that was 2 for the price of 1! That helped alot
4	I love that the elevator opens to the kitchen. The food was good but not great. My husband ordered the filet mignon it was good but not melt in your mouth. I orders the lamb which was cooked to perfection.         The restaurant had a great view but was extremely loud. I read most of the review so I was expecting a romantic place to have our first meal as a married couple. It felt more like a upscale steak house. Prices were reasonable and the serves was great.  We will return again.
4	This place never fails.. Tasting menu is great ..
5	What a view! We went up during the day because our plan was to ride the High Roller that night--did not happen because i go sick (another story). We had already seen the Bellagio fountain show, but from up here--WOW. You totally need to see it from here. My husband took some way cool pix. The chick that was working up there very graciously took our picture. Thanks sweets! The one thing that was a bummer was the added on FEES. We  had a 2 for 1 coupon (yippee) and the daytime is cheaper than night. The advertised price is $11.50 each. Hey 2 for 1 super deal. BUT my husband was told "that will be $17.50." He inquired as to why. Response = fees. Well what are the fees for he asks. Oh they are fees. Finally a chick next to the dude helping us says "experience" fees. The "ride" is the Eiffel Tower Experience...hello with a name like that I would think that the experience fee is included. WRONG. Once again....hidden Vegas fees. Just be up front and post the CORRECT price as $17.50 rather than $11.50. Really put a bad taste in our mouths. We were celebrating getting married and to keep coming across "fees" was just so annoying. We will pay but please tell me something other than these are just fees. Really? I think I need to charge a fee for sitting near me because after all doing so is an experience!
3	This is another paid hotel activity to do in Vegas.  I know a lot of people seemed to really love it.  It is a neat experience to travel so high up and view the Strip.  It's a good place to go and get some pics.We went up there and stayed maybe about 10 minutes.  Seeing as it almost $40 for two people to go up there I don't think it was worth it.
3	It's a half-size replica of the real thing, without the insane lines and iffy weather.  And I do believe this one takes you higher than the 2nd level of the one in Paris.  It's a view, and this one is nice because you can see the Bellagio Fountains from above.  It's also neat that they put holes in the fence so you can stick your camera lens out of it for unobstructed pictures.  They take photos of you before boarding the elevator for you to purchase after coming down.  My complaint is the pricing.  The prices are listed, but they exclude taxes and fees (which I still don't know exactly what they are).  Here's what I do know - I went during the day with my wife and 2 small kids.  The family price is $32.  Military is free.  I figured I would either pay $32 or $7.50 per kid + 1 adult @ $11.50 = $26.50.  The ticket seller said it would be cheaper to use the military free, but I still got charged $34.  (My advice - just list the ticket price including these taxes and fees).  Anyway, the pictures at the bottom turned out nice, but those aren't cheap either.  $30 for 2 pics, $35 for 3, $40 for 4.
5	The Paris Eiffel Tower is something to see. The Tower has a spectacular view of the city. The best time to see the lights and water show is at night. The prices change in the night time ($ 19.00) and day time  around $18.00. Bring your camera and take in the view. This is a great site to see.
4	Yes, it'll cost you to climb up at night. Local discount applies, however. My total came out to $35 for 3 people. Even enjoyed little bit of concert at Cosmo pool from a far, too many squatters above Bellagio fountain tho. Soon the tower will close to 5 year renovation. Everyone should check it out at least once.
4	Oh! Local Discounts! $8.00. Before you take the elevator , there is made up scene from Paris, you know the Locks on fences? Yeah, those...but the lighting in there is pretty bad. Turn on your phone flash. Better with a dslr camera. And of course, photographers. After that, then you would take the elevator. I think it's about over 400 ft high, the view isn't bad. I went during the night and the crowd was small (thanked God), bc it's not all that big once you're there. Taking pictures may require a little skill haha. Bc you are pretty much in a cage with small hole big enough to stick your phone/camera out of it for a photo. A couple/group pic may not look as pretty due to the cage in the BG to keep us safe from falling. It can get pretty chilly during up there. So please bring a jacket.
5	Amazing experience. View is incredible and the Bellagio dancing waters are the perfect scenery. Food was great. We order lamb and prime rib, both delicious. Great service. Our server was very attentive and on top of every detail to make our dinning experience superb! Pricey but worth every penny!
4	I loved this experience! They offer an iPad with a self guided video tour filled with facts about Paris, France. The view is amazing. We stayed to watch the fountain show below (Bellagio) and the staff was great.
