5	Went to the "soft opening" at Secreto.  (chandler and 42nd st)  The food was great.  I had the Steak and my wife had the Carne Adovada.  Fantastic food, great copper bar, great appetizers.  True New Mexico food here in the valley.  They have a great wine list and I think this will become my new must have once a week hangout.
2	If you like average to less than average food that is far too expensive - this is your place.
5	If you loved Richardson's, you are in for a treat. Secreto serves similar dishes with the same flare and style. YUM! I can't wait to go back.
3	Ahi salad was poor....meat and dressing had no flavor.  But the entrees were excellent - chicken enchiladas and carne adovada - yummy!
4	My wife and daughter took me to Secreto's last night for Father's Day Dinner and we were all very impressed with the menu, service and food.  There were a couple of missess, but for the most part, it is a good example of what ethnic cuisine done right can do in the "Tuk"!We ordered the chips and salsa, the shrimp and the pepper and cheese apps.  They were all delicious, fresh made and promptly served.  Mind you, it was after 9pm on a Sunday, which in Awhatukee is the equivalent midnight in other neighborhoods but service was still prompt and consistent.  For the main course, I ordered the scallops and chorizo, mw wife had the enchiladas and my daughter ordered the shrimp pasta dish.  All were expertly prepared and served piping hot (almost too hot) to the table.  My wife was a little disappointed with the crispness of her enchiladas (the tips were blackend from the hot oven) but enjoyed the taste.  My scallops with sauteed spinach and chorizo was a first for me but undoubtedly something I will order again.  My daughter is planning on having the rest of her pasta for lunch today so nuff said on her opinion.  All of the portions were sizeable  but the dinner salads got a thumbs down.  Ranch dressing with Romaine was too strong and left a bitter after taste for all of us.  Good selection of wine by the glass and beer but their signature drinks were not printed on the menu which was a miss because they have great Pear margarita's.Overall, good experience and we will definitely be back.  Affordable, good service and good food.  What else can you ask for in Awhatukee???
2	Overpriced. Food was cold. Chile Relleno came out with cold cheese inside. Entrees came out at different times. When I told the waiter the draft beer he gave me wasn't dos equis he argued with me. The manager thinking he was doing us a favor gave us free flan for dessert. I don't care for flan.
4	YummmmmmmmmmLoved the interior.  Loved the comfy booths, dark lighting, and cool music.Loved the food.My honey ordered the lamb chops with jalapeno mint jelly, he loved themI ordered the garlic cream sauced pasta with avocados and shrimpYUMPaying for chips and salsa does irritate me though.  LAMEI'll definitely be back.So happy we have a place like this in the Tuke!
5	Today I was referred to Secreto from a friend, went for lunch and was blown away on the quality of food and the originality of the dishes. No bowl of Chips here; Secreto is a Southwestern food mecca.  Good for quiet dining, fantastic food and great servers and Management!  I had the Pasta Special which had Chili Lime Pasta, perfectly cooked tossed in a Garlic Chili sauce which was spicy but not over powering.  The Shrimp and peppers were not Soggy, they were also cooked to perfection.  Can't wait for a return visit to see what their other meals are like, Too Bad the atmosphere was so nice, I would recommend this place to Guy Fieri to put on DDD. :-)
3	Secreto was a nice change of pace for date-night for my wife and I because there is not really another place in the area that is like it.  I agree with a previous review - it's not really mexican cuisine - more like southwest with a mediterranean presentation.  The ambience is higher-end for dinner, but it was so dark in our booth that I felt like I was playing a "guess the food" game as I plucked chunks of unidentifiable vegetables (some turned out to be fruit!) out of the medley on my plate.  I realize some people like the dark candle-light ambiance, but I prefer to have a clear view of what I'm about to eat.  They also could use a better wine selection.  Overall though,  it was a really enjoyable experience and I am glad to have a restaurant like this in the area.
3	Visited Secreto for the 1st time during the lunch hour.  They clearly redecorated from the last owner, I like the tall semi-private booths and the copper bar.We had 4 different dishes at our table and the favorites were the chipotle pulled pork sandwich, sesame ahi tuna salad with a citrus dressing and the carne adovado.  Not so much a fan of the enchiladas.  My carne adovado had great smokey flavor with just the right amount of heat.Their presentation on the salad and sandwich was awesome.  I would suggest adding something green for the other 2 plates, they looked and were very heavy. Maybe the pork could be on a bed of lettuce , sprinkled with some diced tomatoes and scallions?I found it interesting that the pulled pork and ahi tuna were on the menu that is touted as being from New Mexico, but DON'T let that deter you from ordering them.Our service is what brings my rating down a star.  It was slow and our waiter barely uttered 2 words to us, he neglect to tell us there were daily specials-we saw this on our way out.  If the service is going to be slow, maybe they could offer chips and salsa!I might also note that the Phoenix Magazine voted Secreto as having the best burrito, so now I have to go back.Happy Eating!
4	Do you remember Richardson's, probably the best known Southwestern restaurant in Phoenix? It closed a while ago without our ever having been there - the wait was always too long, and I was leery because I had heard that the food, while good, was very, very spicy hot. So I was pleased when Ken informed me that Secreto, a new restaurant in Ahwatukee Foothills, had been opened by Barbara Brown, co-owner of Richardson's.  I'm going to start by telling you how outstanding the food is, because you really should give it a try. Then I'll move on to what I didn't like. We met foodie friends Leon, Sena and their granddaughter Julie for Sunday lunch. The breakfast menu was also being served. I ordered a stuffed poblano pepper from the appetizer menu (prices ranging from $4-$12). This had been roasted, unlike chile rellenos which are deep fried. It was filled with oozy Mexican cheeses and chorizo, and topped with creme fraiche. The heat level was perfect for me, my lips tingled, but only for a moment. For an appetizer, the serving was good sized. Sena also ordered from the appetizer menu. Her crab cakes,  two atop some salad greens, drizzled with chipotle aioli, were on the hot side for her, but she seemed to enjoy them anyway. When I tasted them, I again felt the seasoning and heat level were perfect, but I thought they had an odd texture. Although they were quite crabby, no pieces of crab were detectable, perhaps they had been too thoroughly mixed with the filler. At any rate, they were delicious. Ken had intended to order from the breakfast menu because he wanted the carne adovada to come with a fried egg and potatoes, rather than eggless, with rice and beans from the lunch menu. When his food arrived on a dangerously hot metal plate, it was cross-dressed. The egg was there, but served with rice and beans rather than potatoes. We both loved the meat, it had a deep smokey taste with slightly charred edges and was served with just the right amount of red chile sauce. The portion was quite generous - Ken kept passing chunks of meat over to me. There was no liquid on the beans, and they didn't stick together at all. I've never seen them served with rice this way and I didn't care for it, but Ken did. Leon ordered a chicken sandwich. It was huge and looked really good, but was a little hot for him. I really have to remember to stay away from places where the heat level can't be requested for each dish when we're dining together. The mound of curly fries that came with his sandwich were perfectly crispy. We had flan for dessert. It was delightful in its simplicity, light yet rich and creamy. Thank goodness no one felt compelled to spray phony whipped cream on top or add spices to it. This seemed to be the only dessert offered, but when Julie, Leon and Sena's granddaughter, didn't like it, she was offered Haagen Daaz with chocolate sauce.  Now for the negatives. You can see that a lot of money was spent on the interior, with its attractive copper bar, raised banquettes, and shades made of saguaro spines, but to me it felt dark, heavy and depressing. Because my scooter couldn't be accommodated in the main dining room, we were put in an unpleasant room used for business meetings and large parties. It's a long narrow room and feels like an after thought, only half decorated. Second, there's a charge for chips and salsa. But our real complaint was with the service. It was very slow yet chaotic. Ice teas went unfilled, dishes were given to the wrong people - and this was in an almost empty restaurant. The owner came over a few times, and although she's a lovely lady her presence didn't make the service any more smooth. Since Secreto has been open only since June, perhaps this is a glitch that will disappear over time. I know we'll go back to try it again. The dinner menu has some interesting items on it that demand our attention.
3	Four of us went to Secreto for Happy Hour.  When you walk in the door, the smell is fabulous.  We  tried wine, beer and a martini along with a couple of appetizers.  The food and drinks were good, but a little pricey for happy hour. Unfortunately, the bar looks into the kitchen and there is bar seating only, so it was difficult for four people to sit and talk.  Since the door faces west, we were blinded each time the door opened, too.  For happy hour atmosphere comfortable for conversing with friends, I would recommend going elsewhere.
4	The following is written by me, one of Richardson Browne's biggest supporters and fans. This is an absolute 100% carbon copy of Richardson's. The window coverings, adobe booths, throw pillows, copper bar top, teal awnings, eclectic mix of soft rock, and even the prickly pear margiratas. The feel and atmosphere are almost the same. They even serve meals on big metal plates, often times with tortillas under them. Anyone who thinks this place is original needs to go see Richardson immediately.All that aside, the food here is really good. I ordered the Carne Adovada which came a little drier than what I'm used to a Rich's place, which was a welcome change as they really let the pecan wood smoked pork speak for itself. The tortilla accompanying the dish was not tearable, but rather so dried out that it broke when I tried to tear it. This was the only dissappointment of the dish. Beans and rice were identical to Richardson's, smokey and delicious. The girlfriend ordered the Enchiladas, which to her surprise were the Red, White, and Blue Enchiladas from Richardsons. One chicken, one shrimp, and one cheese, wrapped in different colored tortillas smothered in green sauce. They were very much exactly what we were used to.All in all, I'd say that Barbara, the owner, probably is using the same recipes and has obviously used the same formula here. She is doing a great job, and I will go back if I am ever in this part of town again. Even with the prices on the menu being about 20% less, it's not worth a 35 minute drive for me.
2	I had the scallop quesadilla which was like eating a salt lick. Dining partner had the green corn tamales which had a really pungent cheese which made them unpleasant to eat. The beans on the side were cooked in red wine with a spicy sauce which was bitter and spicy, a particularly bad combo. Given the price of 12-15$ per plate more palatable fair should be the standard. Secreto has a nice atmosphere and great decor so I'm giving a second try in the future but I find it fishy that 2/3rds of the entree menu is steaks and pasta when this is suppose to be a New Mexican restaurant.
4	It's a fabulous; like a mini Richardson's but without the horrible turquoise colors!  Plus there's usually no wait and plenty of room at the bar.  Best New Mexican food in Arizona!
4	It's true. 100% Richardson's knockoff. The amazing thing is that they pulled it off with the food. It was great....my filet was tremendous...not as good as the real thing in environment and the food was maybe a quarter notch below the original...but great and worth regular visits. They even copied the beer cooler w/ ice at the bar.
4	Excellent New Mexican cuisine.  Carne Adobada is phenomenal, as are the burritos with either meat selection.  Chips and salsa do not dissapoint as an appetizer.  Beer selection is well above the Bud Light and Dos Equis wash.  Although the location is in a shopping plaza, it would be nice to de-Richardson-ize the place by opening a window to get some light in...
1	Very disappointed because I was expecting havanna cafe but we tried it anyway. Service was slow and the food was terrible. Extremely limited menu.
4	Nice, classy Mexican food.  Very friendly, helpful staff.We started with the chips and salsa (a $4 app instead of standard) and added guacamole which was freshly made and delicious.The food is very tasty but a bit spicy for my taste, although the smokey flavor of the carne adovada came through.
3	The food here is really good.  It's a bit high priced for what it is and the service has been crazy slow but if you're not in a hurry and price isn't much of a concern, it's definitely worth the trip.  They have some specials that seem like a decent deal, though I have yet to try any.  The food can be spicy, which is probably what saves this from getting only 2 stars from me because I like spicy food.
2	I have to say that I was less than impressed. I had the pasta with Chicken and Spinach and it was awful! The service was ok, but nothing to write home about... the busser really did a better job than the server. A ton of other restaurants out there that are way better!
3	Secreto is a place that could seriously be worth 5 stars. It's got a lot of style and the staff was friendly. Yes, the food is similar to Richardson's. But is it as good? No, unfortunately it's not perfected like Richardson's is.I went into Secreto and was very impressed with the layout of the restaurant. It's classy, plain and simple. The lights are low, the seating is comfy, but the music didn't match the mood at all. It was fun, but kind of all over the place. The appetizers were awesome. The garlic and chili plate was outstanding, and definitely the way to go if you love garlic lingering around in your mouth. I also got to try the adovada (smoky, spicy and delicious), pork-filled relleno (also smoky, spicy and delicious with great texture), and the smothered burrito. Now, the smothered burrito is what I personally ordered and it's what brought this review down. The flavors were just as good as the other dishes that were covered in red and green sauce, but unfortunately there was a pile of unmelted and cold cheese it the burrito. Yes, my first bite felt cold. I read that in another review, but thought nothing of it. It had to be a fluke, right? Well, people can make mistakes multiple times, but I hope this isn't one of those mistakes that more people with have to experience. Hopefully the owners of Secreto read this and get on their chef's case. I will most definitely return to Secreto when I'm craving something close to Richardson's and I'm in the East Valley. It has a lot of potential, and once all of the kinks are worked out, it will be a crowd pleaser.
4	Nice hidden gem of a Mexican restaurant that does a great job of creating unique southwestern creations that you won't find in a typical Mexican restaurant.  Our food was surprisingly unique and tasty...koodos to the chef and owner.  However, the wait staff needs some improvement....kind of too casual, uncaring, offered few suggestions...but one person was working the entire restaurant...which had about 10 tables busy.  The chips were stale.  The place has a unique atmosphere, almost Moroccan with dim lighting and pillows in every booth.   We'll probably be back after looking around some more.  We were given a menu with no pricing, and after asking about it, we got the one with pricing.  Weird.  Nice bar with sports on TV also away from the dining booths.  Good chill music playing with Dave Mathews and Coldplay.
5	We loved our first visit to Secreto. We enjoyed happy hour and a wonderful carne adovado bruscetta.  It wad juicy with just enough spice to be interesting. The chicken quesadilla was also tasty. We were fans of Richardson's years ago and this warm, intimate place brought back fond memories. The staff was friendly and we can't wait to go back to try more of the menu-especially the acclaimed burrito.
3	I first heard about Secreto in Phoenix magazine. This summer it proclaimed that Secreto has the best burrito in the Valley.  This seemed too good to be true, especially since the place is near my house.Finally made it to Secreto this week and wasn't blown away. The food was good, but the burrito is not as good as the green chile burrito at Carlsbad Tavern.Had the bacon wrapped shrimp appetizer. It was good, but for $12 I expected more than 4 shrimp.  The rice was delicious. Next time I'll skip the beans and ask for extra rice.  I liked the chickem better than the beef, will try the carne adovada next time. Knocked it down a star because the service was slow. Took two of us over an hour, which is sad because we were hungry.There were several items on the menu that sounded good, so I'm going to give them another shot.
3	We had our Christmas exchange luncheon there.  We had 6 of us.  FUN!  It was easy to find.  We were sat in a big table in the corner.  The corner booths were hard to get in.  It took me 3 mins to scoot my butt into the corner seat.  They had fabric cushions on the booth, so scooting was a little harder, then the pillows for the back.  =)  I rather into all of them.  LOL!  The environment was a little darker inside, soft music in the background, and the services was good.  The menu was our placemat.  I ordered the beef and cheese sandwich.  It was ok.  I was not blown away.  I guess I should have ordered something like the tacos or burrito?
5	A very nice change of the usual mexican (New Mexican) fare that ones sees in the south valley.  The meat is smoked with each meat (pork, beef, chicken) with a different smoked flavor.  Look for a more spicy flavor (New Mexican) than a typical mexican.
4	If you love spicy food then you'll like this place.  It was super yummy and just spicy enough to make my nose run without crossing over into uncomfortable to eat. It's got a romantic vibe at night making it a perfect choice for a date.  I will definitely be back!
4	spicy new mexican! yum!
1	Used to live near Rokerji and Richardson, loved it. When I read this was close to my new place and not chain, I was very excited. The bar is a dimpled copper and they do use hatch chili, but it pretty much stops there.  The waitress was present at first but slow. The stuffed poblano was tasty, but the corn was cold.  I ordered the green chili stew dinner next. The stew had chili but no salt or other seasoning at all. When the waitress stopped by to ask how it was and I commented about the lack of salt, she replied "that's why we put it on the table".  As I continued to eat it, I found chili skin after chili skin.  I finally gave up.  When I mentioned that I was disappointed due to the pepper skins, her response was "they are chili not peppers".  I simply smiled and asked her to take it back. She did and brought me the bill, with the stew on it, despite less than 1/4 of it gone.Mediocre food, rotten service, even worse customer service. If you want good New Mexico food, drive the distance to Richardson's or if you don't want to drive, stick with Ariba's, but DO NOT go to Secreto.
1	My wife and I went to Secretos for a night out without kids.  My wife has frequented the Rokerj and Richardsons in the past and wanted for me to share in the experience.  We had great service in the bar, but as soon as we were sat at our table we never saw a waiter.  Yes, we never saw a waiter for 20 minutes.  We had a busboy clear our wine and beer glass, but no one seem interested in offering us any more service.  We finally left because we realized we were never going to be noticed.  We could have asked for help, but at the level this restaurant is stretching to be part of we should have not had to ask.  We ended up at Fired Up grill and had a great experience and fabulous food.  From now on my wife says no more cheap imitations- we will make the drive to the Rokerj or Richardsons.  I'm still wondering why they would give restaurant a name that is so close to secretions- just not appetizing.
5	A nice cozy atmosphere with great food and great service.  The rellenos and the carne adovada are my favorites!
2	This is NOT Mexican food. I repeat NOT Mexican food! We walk in, nice place, kind of surprising how cute it is inside. The booths have pillows, and are cozy very cool. To get appetizer and drink specials you HAVE TO SIT AT THE BAR. Oh and chips and salsa cost money, nothing free here! The margaritas are on "special" for $5. Not that great. Also not worth sitting uncomfortably at the bar to get. We were the only people there, on a Friday night. Yes, it was before 5pm or 6pm,, but really? The wait staff was super friendly and made sure we had everything we needed (except real mexican food maybe?). The menu had pork chops, pork loin, sandwiches and ribs. So don't go here thinking it is a Mexican food place like we did PLEASE. The food was marginally "ok". The spiciness was "ok". The red "smoked" sauce tasted burned, and the actual food on my boyfriend's carne adovada WAS burned. It was also very DRY... this is their specialty dish?Service good,, but not even close to worth the 50 bucks we threw down for the meal for 2 people and 2 drinks. Just know you are going for a....want to be higher class restaurant... that really has nice ambiance, but the food is not up to par.
3	Nice ambiance, nice selection and variety on the menu.  I don't mind paying $4 for Fresh Homemade Chips with very fresh homemade salsa, just like any other appetizer.  Totally Worth It!  Yum.Tried the chile rellenos and enjoyed their take on it, kind of a smoky flavor but nice plump chile.  No complaints here.Service was a bit slow and it took too long to get the check but at least they weren't trying to hustle us out of the table! My only COMMENT would be that as a first-time customer I didn't really understand their set-up so a brief mention of the Specials (which I couldn't see from a seated position) would have been helpful.  Would definitely return to sample other items from the menu.  Food tasted fresh!  We have to support LOCALLY Owned businesses or face a future with only corporate chains!
3	Really good food, especially if you have ever had Richardson's New Mexican Cuisine.  Not too bad to get seated.  But, overall service was very slow, and below average.
3	This site says its Mexican but they clearly advertise themselves as New Mexican - just to clear that up.My husband and I decided to try Secreto last night since we loved Richardson's and have heard good things about the newer Ahwatukee spot. The service was great and the cozy atmosphere was great for a date night. (thats where the 3 stars came from)We ordered the Garlic Plate as an appetizer which tasted wonderful.  Everything was off to a great start..... then the entrees arrived.  We are both big salt lovers (and usually like everything) but this was very heavy handed with the salt! I had the Soccoro Chicken and he the Special Scallop dish.  Everything on the plate was over salted.  I could not even get through one third of my chicken (where they lost the stars), and his dish was just as salty.I want to give it another shot but my husband says he will never go back.Hope this helps.
3	This was our first visit here - the location was convenient and we decided to check it out for an 8pm'ish dinner.  The waitstaff was very prompt and friendly.  He was always checking on us and had helpful suggestions on the dishes (hottest).  The ambiance was delightful - it felt very private and the candles and general New Mexican theme was spot on.Chips and salsa - the salsa - especially the green was lovely.  The red salsa had far too many tomatoes but had some nice kick to it.  Main dishes: Carne Adovada and Green Chile Stew...the feedback was that the carne was BBQ-y infused with red chile and too dry.  Sadly, didn't live up to expectations.  The green chile stew was very mild and wasn't the kind of quality I had expected - almost like stew out of a can with some flour and green chile added.  I will say the portions are huge, but since I don't eat that much anyway, that wasn't an added bonus for me.
5	Consistently the best Carne Adovada in PHX.
4	went to early lunch..started w/the salsa and chips (green and red) , reallyfresh..  on to the beef (which was melt in mouth tenderloin) burrito, great rice and beans. too much to eat.. lunch friend got the beef tenderloin quesadilla w/chipotle sauce which was really good.Our waitresss was friendly and attentive. Nice place to eat.
5	The 4 of us visited on Friday night and, having never been there, were unsure what to expect but knowing of Richardson's we were hoping for the best. Well, that's what we got... The best food we've had in Ahwatukee for a very long time and some pretty damn good sangria to boot. The combo was ordered by an excellent cook who was impressed with the variety and quality, my wife had the fillet which was unbelievable(I tasted it to make sure lol), myself and my friend had the carne adovada which was smoky and hot with a flavor I haven't tasted before. The sangria was tasty and powerful forcing me to switch to beer after the first one since I had to drive. The staff was very attentive and friendly and the interior was decorated in a Santa Fe New Mexico style. Very cool. We had ZERO complaints and will be back on a regular basis so we can try the other dishes. Don't miss this one
5	I had dinner here recently my husband and we both really enjoyed it. The food was tasty and slightly spicy. The atmosphere was a refreshing change, candles and private booths with pillows. Wonderful place for a date night dinner. Our server was very attentive to our every need. No waiting for a table either. Help this business stay in business, go try a sangria.
4	This place is a secret. It is a little hard to find in Ahwatukee. But go find it. Ahwatukee is seriously lacking in non-chain, quality restaurants. This one is a good one. Great decor inside and the food was a little spicy but not overwhelming.  Prices were fair and the service was great.
5	Very much enjoyed my birthday dinner last night at Secreto in Ahwatukee, my favorite NM restaurant in AZ. Six of us had outstanding meals... we ate too much and everyone was happy with the food. Our server was great and very attentive... the Carne Adovada is the BEST. It's my sixth time there and have always been totally pleased with the food. By the way... even if you don't like flan -- Secreto's is heavenly!Can you tell I love the place! ;)Diane
4	Secreto is one of my favorite restaurants in Ahwatukee especially because it's hard to find non-chain restaurants around here.  The atmosphere is really cool and the food is amazing.  I'm not a big fan of beef or pork so that really limits my options but the Madres Pasta Favorito is amazing!  It has the best sauce I've ever had and the shrimp and guacamole salsa add the perfect touch.  Make sure you save room for dessert because the flan is to die for.  The only negative thing I would say is that we made a reservation and they forgot about us so we waited for a long time.  I don't really mind though because we were enjoying drinks at the bar.
5	First off, let me be clear that I'm a long time fan of New Mexico cuisine.  I live in "the 'tuke", but have been making road trips to Carlsbad Tavern in Scottsdale and Richardson's (formerly in Phoenix) for more than 10 years.  So when I heard there was a New Mexico place in the 'tuke, I thought... "yeah, right.".   But Secreto did not disappoint.  Excellent carne adovada, lamb and other specialties.  No, this is not a Mexican place.  It's New Mexico-style and they do it very well.  Glad to have them in the neighborhood.
4	Secreto is a nice place with very good food. It is a little pricey. Has a very nice wine menu.
5	I love solid unapologetic flavors and Secreto delivers. I have not had a bad experience here.
5	After a couple of friend's recommendations my wife and I had the pleasure of visiting Secreto for the first time. Secreto certainly lives up to it's name and has to be one of Ahwatukee's best kept "secrets". The atmosphere, service and most importantly, the food, were outstanding. My wife had a combination tamale dish while I had a pork dish, one of the best I have ever had. The portions and prices were very reasonable for what you could expect of a restaurant of this caliber. We especially enjoyed the atmosphere with the private booths with cushioned seating and pillows- a nice touch!We certainly are looking forward to our next return visit to Secreto!
1	Once again, THE TROUGH SLURPERS offer far too many stars to this mundane eatery, proving again that they are truly CANAILLE of the first order.:Slow indifferent serviceMediocre foodThe kind of wine that patrons of kokopelli swill with delight, calling it ambrosia when it's actually dishwater.But..as with Kokopelli, it keeps the shit eaters out of the better restaurants! So, I say to you canaille..flock, flock there with your disruptive screaming children and your leathery palates.
4	How sad we won't enjoy the company of Car G. at Secreto anymore. LOL Myself and several acquaintances regularly enjoy the food, the drinks and the reasonable prices. The carne adovada is excellent as were the grilled scallops I had there a month or so ago. My wife loves the fillet Mignon with asparagus spears.  Let Car G go cry somewhere else.
1	I wish this place had been kept a secret! I took my brother here for lunch  on recommendation from the reviews.  Problem one:  at around 11:40 there was no one else in the place (a sign I usually don't ignore and take my leave as well). Problem two:  our server (female, young, blonde) after taking our menus asked if we would like chips and salsa.  We obliged only to find out THAT THEY ARE ABOUT 4 DOLLARS to which we were charged!  Again, I would usually complain and refuse to pay but my brother preferred to just let it slide.  Problem three:   I asked for a straw and the same server brought an un-wrapped straw to me bare-handed and placed it in my drink for me.  That is just poor on every level.Problem four:  I ordered the smothered burrito. Appearance-wise, it looked like vomit.  Once you get past that you may in fact be eating regurgitated slop, it simply was just below average especially for the price of roughly 9 dollars for a lunch special.Overall, a place to avoid.  I will be impressed if the combination of quality, service, location, taste, etc. lends itself to a successful model that lasts through the year.If you still decide to try this place, at least head somewhere else like Frank and Lupe's in Scottsdale soon after so you can make an honest comparison to real quality.
5	My husband and I had stopped by for a drink and appetizer last weekend. I have always heard about it, so this was my first time. The atmosphere was very relax, I wish my husband was not sporting a NASCAR t-shirt. We sat in a comfy booth and with the candles all around I said this is kind of romantic. We had some chips and I got guacamole, we shared a quesdilla and my husband is an enchilada lover so we ordered a platter of those as well. Needless to say our eyes were bigger than our bellies and we took leftovers home. The quesadilla was very good, little bit of a kick but not too spicy. My husband enjoyed his enchiladas and ate the leftovers the next day. The whole drive from work all I could think about was finishing up the guacamole and was not happy when I saw he consumed before I got home! Looks like we'll have to go back!  A must if you live in Ahwatukee and if you are planning a bridal shower or rehersal dinner they have a great back room that would seat 20-25 people very nicely, and its private too which makes it nice! Staff very friendly.
5	This restaurant is amazing!!!  The food is INCREDIBLY delicious and reasonably priced.  I had the enchiladas - the order came with three enchiladas, one cheese, one chicken and one shrimp.  Seriously, seriously yummy!!  The service was great and the ambiance is among the best in the Valley - it's cozy, quaint and so relaxing.  This restaurant has been in Ahwatukee for a year.  I had driven past a number of times, but a friend finally suggested we try it. What an amazing restaurant.
5	I feel it necessary to comment on Mark J's review. His girlfriend was probably dropped because she was in the wrong field. A group of us had the opportunity to witness this first hand. Dinner served before the appetizer or salad... had to ask 3 times for our drinks... when we asked about the appetizer and salad she took away our meals and brought the appetizer and salads. Then, when we finished them, she brought our entree's back which had obviousely been sitting under a lamp. I called the next day to make sure the manager knew what happened and we didn't go back for a couple of weeks in hopes that our usual server, Hugo, would be back. He returned from vacation and we have been back twice. No problems, good food, excellent drinks, great service.  Sour grapes should be served appropriately Mark
4	We needed to take my parents out for dinner to thank them for watching our pups while our whole house was retiled - my mom had heard something about this place from a few friends, so we decided to give it a shot.First, it's tucked way in there, I would have never even known it was there.  It was pretty slow for a Thursday night, but it did seem to pick up later in the evening.After looking over the menu and the specials, we decided to split some appetizers and the special of a grill platter that night. We started with the Carne Adovada Quesadilla - let me be the first to say I'm not a huge fan of pork (except bacon, god's most perfect food) but this was so tasty!   We added to that the Bacon Wrapped Jumbo Shrimp, which came with 4 sauces.  While none of the sauces counted as hot on our meters (AZ Natives are tough) they all had complex and well developed.  For the entree, we split the Grill Platter, a special for that night.  With the appetizers, it was perfect for 4 people to split, if it had only been 2 of us, the appetizers plus the platter would have been WAY too much food.  All the meats were done to perfection, and so much flavor!  Presentation and plating for all the items was nice too, it really elevated this meal to a truly nice evening.The desert was a "brownie" with ice cream - but brownie is really the wrong word for it.  It was this warm, gooey, almost fudge like concoction, that was the perfect finishing note to this meal.Even with a few beers, the meal was super reasonable - we did get happy hour prices for the appetizers, but I feel like our wallets were just as satisfied as we were.The decor is charming, the booths create an intimate atmosphere, and the service was good.Overall, this is going on my go-to list for beyond the chain Ahwatukee dining.
4	Excellent Prickly Pear Margarita, with a Roasted Elephant Garlic appitizer! I love the (melt in your mouth)10oz. Santa Fe Filet Mignon with the choice of a comforting Green Chile MAC & Cheese or a piped Red Chile Mashed Potato in a halved Green Hatch Chile & Vegetables....Yum!
5	I hurt my right thumb, so I will give it 1 thumb up.  If I had many thumbs, I would give it infinite thumbs up. The first thing you need to do is go to the bar and order a berry mojito.  It is the bartender's speciality, and it has a light flavor, and it is not overbearing with the mint like a lot of places do.The food selection is quite interesting, and I went with the Aztec Chicken, which basically had grilled chicken stuffed with peppers and other veggies.  The flavors for this dish were amazing, and I was watering my mouth when I ate the leftovers the next day.  Usually a great sign of great food is when it tastes pretty good the next day as well.
4	Secreto is great, authentic New Mexican fare. The service has improved lately and we go back 1-2x a month! A great little 'Secret' place!
5	Super friendly staff and strait up quality food every time I have been to Secreto.  And they have added a heat indicator for their various sauces to guide my sensitive palate.
5	My boyfriend and I went here for the first time with a groupon and found the food to be fantastic! He had the Aztec chicken- thought it had good flavor and spice and the side of red chile potatoes were amazing. I had the cheese enchiladas with the red pepper sauce and rice and beans and found everything to be very flavorful. For those that like spicy salsa, go for the habanero salsa- super spicy but super delicious. Our waitress was very attentive and helpful. Very cute ambiance as well!
3	We went to Secreto with moderate expectations given the reviews.  The service was fantastic and we had an excellent and very attentive server.  We ordered a Margarita and Sangria.  Both were very very substandard and cannot see myself ordering mixed drinks in the future.  The food did appear flavorful with the Carne Adovada Quesadilla done perfect, the Carne Adovada House Special both a real hit.  The Aztec Chicken came with a wonderful presentation, but it lacked any depth in flavor.  Overall, the food is above average though pricey.
4	Secreto is under a new owner, but the food hasn't suffered from what I can see in other reviews. We stopped in the grab a late lunch and order the Tortilla Soup and the Roasted Elephant Garlic starters. Both were out of this world. The Tortilla soup was far richer than any I've had before and extremely flavorful. Don't know how to described the Roasted Elephant Garlic platter, damn good though ... a must have when you eat there.The menu is very tight without a lot of fluff. The beer selection is strictly premium (although the manager said she does stock the ever present BUD LIGHT in bottles if someone is really hankering for one). The service is great - unrushed for sure. The place has high backed booths that offer a bit of privacy. Nice intimate restaurant. Definitely a repeat
2	Soooooooo......I want to first start off by saying that the service was very good. Attentive and apologetic. And they offered to give us dessert on the house. Let me explain: we were super excited about trying a new place and based off of the yelp reviews this seemed like a slam dunk. The listing states that it is a quiet and intimate place. Not so. The music, while good, was really loud and the people drinking in the bar must have been mic'd because they were as loud as hell. One lady in particular favored the donkey style of laughter every ten minutes or so. That's fine, truly, it doesn't bother me. Neither does the fact that we waited over half an hour for our food to be served only to have it be wrong and returned. This was sadly due to a computer that must have been hungrier than us because it decided to eat all the orders. I'm a very patient person and, barring someone trying to punch me in the face, I don't get upset quickly. Such was the case here. My sister on the other hand....not so much. She was about ready to flip the table and go monkey fudge on the kitchen staff. But I digress, what bothered me most of all was the complete blandness of the food. All of it. Not only was it lukewarm, it really had no taste. And the "4 chili hot" red sauce tasted like warmed ketchup. When we asked the waitress if they had any hot sauce, she didn't understand what we meant. She seemed completely baffled that we wanted something with a little flavor. We were very disappointed, but, because the wait staff was very nice I would have no problem giving them another chance. My sister....not so much.
1	My wife and I never get to go out and finally we get child care to go to our favorite place and find out about new ownership. We were willing to give it a shot and were instantly turned off. While having drinks before dinner at the bar I ordered a ultra and got a corona I quickly told the bartender she made a mistake and she told me that she would have to eat this beer while giving me what I ordered! I was shocked and asked my wife if I was hearing things and she said ,NOPE! We paid our tab and left. It seems like every time we find a great place in tukee it always changes!
1	Being from New Mexico, Mexican food is in my DNA. This place was horrible. I ordered the chicken fajitas and they looked like a piece of rubber, or if it was warmed up in the microwave and tasted the way it looks. This is NOT new mexican food! I also don't like the cheesy names on the menu like the Roswell burrito or the carlsbad enchiladas, really?
2	If you like Richardson's you should go there because this place is a cheap knockoff.  The decor is tacky and the carne adasada has no flavor. The bacon wrapped shrimp were dry and charred like a spent ember.  Two stars because the waitress was at least friendly.
1	VERY disappointing. This used to be one of my favorite places in the neighborhood but the quality of the food and service has gone WAY downhill recently. The elephant garlic appetizer is still decent but most everything else has changed for the worse. I used to LOVE the carne adovada but now its just a small portion of pulled pork in a lame red sauce. (the carne adovada at Four Peaks in Tempe remains my absolute favorite). I grew up on New Mexican cuisine and fell in love with Richardson's and Los Dos Molinos when I moved here 13 years ago. Up until recently, Secreto was a contender. After the embarrassment of taking out of town clients there last week for terrible food and service, I'll never go there again.
3	I had my heart set on Los Dos Adovada Ribs and Garlic Pork Platter. Until someone told me this little place in Awhatukee was even better than LDM. Even better than LDM? That I had to try.Long story short; not nearly as good as Los Dos Molinos. Not by a long shot. Yes, LDM has bad service. I dont go their for the service I go for the best food in town. This place had great service and a very nice ambiance. It was dominated by the bar, which made for a festive environment. The drinks were tasty and strong. Overall 4 starts for service and ambianceThe wings someone ordered for the table were fantastic. Actually quite possibly the best wings I have every had. Unfortunately they were the highlight of the meal. The salsa was bland and mild. My adovada pork, which was supposed to have the hottest sauce available on it, tasted more like catsup.  The meat was so overwhelmingly smoky that I thought someone must have accidentally poured liquid smoke all over my plate, until everyone else at the table said the exact same thing. 2 stars for food.Overall, if I want a drink and an appetizer in a fun environment, I will consider Secreto's if I am in the area. If I want Mexican food, I will put up with the bad service at my beloved LDM every single time.
2	So I'm going to break it down factually because I feel a bit bad for ranking it so low though I believe I have plenty of reasons for the 2 star review:1- Service - I appreciated the service we got upon arrival;  Our server gal was friendly and did a great job of getting our large party set up as comfortably as possible;  She took our orders in a prompt fashion but the food did take a considerably long time to get there and all of us had to feast on 2 rounds of chips and salsa in the meantime; We were a huge party, so I can forgive some of that wait; For drink refills, there they seriously lacked - the sodas never got refilled until the very end when I ended up walking up to the bar to ask for refills.  Overall, they were very friendly and accommodating with the seating, and slow with a few things.2- Cleanliness - Everything looked clean and well take care of, even decor was pleasant and things looked tended to. I did note that because the front doors were wide open (to make it look less dark and intimate), there were a considerable amount of flies hovering and buzzing about... no bueno to eat food and constantly slap away flies.3- Food quality - Here is where they lost almost all their stars.  The food was, frankly some of the most boring and bland food I've had in a long time and definitely not representative of any Mexican flavors.. New or not:  The street tacos had plain dry meat and simple toppings and were blah; the Tortilla Soup was a muddy/murky mixture of one single flavor and more of a sludge than a soup; the Adovada was not flavorful at all and bland, despite being so colorful; the beans were not cooked long enough and dry and the rice was too firm to be called 'Spanish rice'; I noted no complaints from the Quesadilla people... but then again, can you really screw up a quesadilla??  Anyway, this area is where they seriously lacked: flavor and well-executed recipes.4- Pricing - Pricing was decent I guess for an Ahwatukee sit-down restaurant; Honestly, if they served this in any other part of town where more Latinos frequented, you couldn't charge that much for flavorless food (note all the non-Latino 4 & 5 star reviews).5 - I am saving this star for the experience - Not a memorable experience, ok atmosphere (minus the flies), friendly though slow service but a very un-memorable culinary experience with poorly flavored food... a solid 2 star experience for me.I don't think I'll make any effort to come here again as I'm not missing anything.
3	It was consistently the best carne adobada, now consistency is the one thing they don't have. Beer selection, menu, wait staff and most importantly quality seem to change every time I'm in. Please figure it out soon...
5	The new ownership at Secreto's has changed this place to a great place to eat or grab a drink.  Almost every item on the menu is Gluten Free and service is outstanding!!I am a regular and crave the Street tacos and elephant garlic on a regular basis.  Thrilled that they brought back their Sunday brunch!!!
2	Food is decent, but service is horrible! I always give restaurants second chances and the second time was just as bad as the first. Slow, not friendly, and my $30 lamb was well done instead of medium. Completely ruined it. (PS-this was before the apparent "ownership change", I hope it really has changed. Maybe by getting all new staff that isn't horrible.)
2	First time, unlikely to go back.  Enchiladas were over cooked (actually so hard the knife didn't cut them), and not even what you would call an enchilada.  The menu has changed too.  New ownership sounds correct.  Reminds me of a Macayos.  Los Dos Molinos down the road is much better.
4	UPDATE - Thinking we should give them another try we visited this past week and the cantina move was nice. Decent food, tasty salsa that could have been a bit hotter, excellent margaritas and good, friendly service. I'm not sure what other people are talking about because we enjoyed it far more than under the previous owner who kept us from returning for over a year. Ahwatukee residents will enjoy the newest incarnation of Secreto. We're fans again.
1	My wife and I were regulars at Secretos, but after they changed owners we stopped going. Then we found the Groupon deal and decided to try it again. The primary restaurant has turned into a bar and so has the food. Smoked food has been replaced with chili powder and their fresh salsa now tastes like canned salsa from New York City.
1	We have driven by the place on many occasions and decided to try it with a Groupon special.   I can't remember the last time I've had a really bad meal..but this is it.  It's pretty hard to screw up street tacos, but they somehow did, the meat was tasteless and cold.  I had the Carne Adovada which sounded pretty good...It was very spicy and very dry.  There might be other things on the menu that are good, but the two things we ordered came recommended by the waiter.  On a positive note, I had the house margarita that was extremely strong and large for only $4.  But, we didn't go for drinks we went for food....
2	Very dissatisfied with food.   The chips served with chips and salsa were stale.  We ordered the taco appetizer which was extremely greasy and the meat had no flavor.  I ordered carne adovado which had too much of a smokey flavor and wasn't spicy.  The only good things were that our waiter was very attentive and the happy hour margaritas were great.  We went there with a groupon and will never go back.
3	Went back last night for pre-Valentine's Day dinner.  Totally different looking inside, still very simple, not fakey Mexican decor!  Had a tasty Patron margarita. Chips were crispy & salsa tasted fresh, not as "hot" as I like it but my husband was happy he could still feel his tastebuds - Ha!We enjoyed our entrees. Service was good, attentive but not overly so.  Made me a fresh cup of coffee to go with the flan and it was good quality.  Lower priced menu was a nice surprise, will definitely go back and take the Family.  Eat Local, Drink Local.
1	The name just about says it. The place should be kept a secret to avoid a big mistake by going there and wasting your money.A groupon came available and my wife and I jumped on it since we enjoy Mexican and we see this place every time we head to the store further down Chandler. Since we had a groupon, we had to make a reservation. We arrived and still had to wait about 10 minutes to get seat. Not a good start. We were greeted, informed the server we had the groupon and told we can't use the groupon for the taco special. We didn't plan on it since we rather have entrees, but noted.We ordered the chips and guacamole and were pleased with the dish. Very good!I ordered the combination plate, 2 enchiladas, rice beans and a taco.  My wife had the fish taco plate. When my food arrived, my enchiladas were dry, bland and the worst enchiladas I've had in my lifetime.They were awful and couldn't envision anybody liking them. Enchiladas should be flowing with sauce and meat and cheese. These enchiladas were anything buy. The beans tasted they came out of a can. Hard and not flavorful Rice was okay. The taco was the best thing on the plate and that was really average at best.  I wasn't looking for much, just good mexican food! You won't find that here!My wife's order came with just the tacos. No rice no beans. Took many minutes to correct the problem.  I was able to get a refill early, but my wife never got her water refilled. She was never asked checked after the food arrived. We tried to flag down our server with no luck. The check took a long time to get to us. Overall, the service was poor. The server may have been new, but even the basic servers tasks weren't done well.A general observation was the owner/manager was going around and talking with others that he seemed to know. Take a second and stop by a new person/table and get real feedback. I would have had a few helpful suggestions.With all the issues around this place, food and service, do yourself a favor and go somewhere else.  There are many places in the area that serve better food!
1	Vegetarians not welcome. We used to go to Havana when it was in this location. It was my favorite restaurant - just thinking about the berenjena con garbanzos still makes my mouth water. We live nearby so thought we'd give the new place a chance. We went in and looked at the menu with the hostess watching us like a hawk. Disappointed, I asked "do you have anything vegetarian things on the menu?" (for some reason beyond my comprehension, some restaurants like to keep this a secret).She said to me, "we don't do vegetarian here." I just looked at the new menu and they now have cheese enchiladas. WOW, thanks for throwing us a bone.
5	Secretos is our favorite to come to when we're here in Phoenix. The food is amazing, We love the booths, and the service and hospitality  are first class.
4	Yeah for the new Secreto!!  Visited Secreto before the new owners updated the space to a Cantina style restaurant.  We like the more casual vibe...and the green & red chile menu.  A good happy hour M-F until 7, with drink specials (loved my margarita tonight) and $5 appetizers.  The Stack is yummy with chorizo, chicken, beans, and an egg all smothered in green chile.  Tonight we tried the Green Chile Mac & Cheese...we are hooked! Even ordered a 2nd order to take home & have with our leftover Pork Rellano, which was the perfect amount of spicey.  The beans could use a tad more seasoning, but other than that everything was perfect.  Loved the salsa and chips...fresh and yummy.  Kristina, the new owner, came over to our table to check on our experience.  She was friendly & I really appreciated her checking in.  Sounds like they have music Fri, Sat, and Tuesday nights...  We'll be back -- think we'll try Taco Tuesday ($2 taco and Dos XX!  Nice to have this place close by...great atmosphere and food!
5	Absolutely love this place! My husband and I have eaten here 3 different times and the food is excellent! Even better, the staff is vey friendly and ATTENTIVE! As a person who works in the service industry, this place takes it to the next level. :)
1	Terrible! Terrible!  Terrible!The food here is absolutely horrible.I wouldn't feed it to my worst enemy.It made me feel sick --   I definitely won't be back!
5	I started looking for Mexican food restaurants in my new neighborhood and found what looked like a good bet.  One that has a cozy dining room, friendly staff and great food.  I tried the Stack  with a house margarita.  The margarita had to be really good for me to order a second one.  The Stack is on the Happy Hour menu with a whole lot of other tasty offerings.  Chips and salsa was fresh and great with the drink while waiting a short time for the Stack to be cooked to order.  Everything is cooked from scratch, which is what I look for.  Looking over the reviews beforehand, I felt it would be a great choice because new owners came in and worked hard to turn Secreto around, nearly all the not so great reviews were pretty much coming from the previous owner who must have lost heart in making it be the best it could be.  There's a great difference in quality when the whole staff has their heart into it, doing everything they can to earn repeat business.  I'm certainly going to be a repeat customer as the variety, cleanliness, cheerfulness makes Secreto very special.  Now to catch as many of their specialties I can.  Enjoy!
5	Went there the other week on a Sunday and learned it was under new ownership.  My husband and I both loved the new menu and creative drinks.  The tacos were amazing and we will definitely be going back for more.  The green chili mac and cheese appetizer was to die for - I could have licked the dish.  We both had margaritas and my husband especially enjoyed his as he doesn't like them on the sweet side and these were perfect.  Trust me, if you want some unique and delicious Mexican food, this is the place to go.
4	It'd been a while since I'd been here and I was pleased with my return.  I came during happy hour (4-7p) and had several of the $5 apps.  The Stack and the carne adovada quesadilla were great.  The service was good and I look forward to coming back.
2	We were excited to try this new restaurant. We went in on a Friday night right at 7 o'clock and the place was packed! It had live music and a great Mexican theme. We thought we are in for something really good.   Unfortunately after ordering it took a full hour for us to get our appetizer. We were starving by that point. When the meal came it was less than impressive. Our total bill for two meals one salad appetizer and one beer was over $50! I can say with certainty that I wouldn't have paid $25 for that meal and that I would much rather go to even a local Mexican chain over this place!
5	Most of the bad reviews here are from a while back. This place really has changed in the past 3 years I have been going. I can say as a regular it is the best its ever been. The food is great, the service is great and the live music is a nice touch. They are very friendly if you want to watch something on the TVs. The back room offers a great place to relax if you want a little quieter atmosphere. The other regulars are great to get to know. A pretty good place to just hang out and watch the game. Try the green chili mac n cheese, bacon wrapped shrimp, and of course the deserts. Everything is good but those are my favorites. See you there.
4	My husband and I love this place. They have such a friendly staff, great margaritas and great food. They have a good happy hour and often have live music. They place is very cozy. We're here at least once a week.
1	If you're expecting quality food, prepare to be disappointed.  Even more disappointing was the obnoxious, drunk owner who incredibly used the "N" word while talking to us.  Unbelievable.
4	Great service. Very good Margarita. Good salsa and guacamole.  Tried the pork adovado relleno which was kicking and one of the best I've ever had.  Not deep fried to hide the flavors, and appropriately made my head sweat. Good rice and beans. Will definitely be back!
4	We had dinner there a week ago. The 3 of us enjoyed our meals greatly & loved the Margaritas.   My first good Mexican food in Phoenix in some time.   Everything was flavorful & served quickly.  I hope this place succeeds as want to return often.    Give it a chance!   Very good!
4	So, I wanted to try a new place and came across Secreto on Yelp. I stopped by on a Friday; I was the only customer there. The service was excellent (I would hope so!).I ordered the smothered burrito with the adobada and green sauce. This came with yummy rice and beans. Everything was good. My only complaint was everything was not bland but not spicy at all (to me), which is surprising given the style of Mexican food they serve.I got a side of their habenero salsa which definitely spiced things up. Bit I would recommend they kick it up a little bit.Nice atmosphere, the booths are Richardson's-like.I would definitely come here again.
1	The service was bad, there was no food quality check. We ordered a lettuce and tomato taco, wait, I mean a chicken taco, but there was hardly any chicken. Also ordered the nacho's, the sour cream was M.I.A. My water was never refilled. The waitress dropped off the check. I immediately put my card in, and she made several passes before we had to stop her and ask her to take the check. Not at all impressed, will not be back.
5	Great food! Great owners! Great atmosphere! Great drinks! Did not expect it when I first came here...I will now be back for more!
3	Tried the place twice as the menu seems creative and well thought out. But they are 2 for 2 in delivering mediocre food at best. Our server was very nice but it was quite obvious she had little to no training or experience. The owner claims to be in the food wholesale industry outside of her restaurant. But I think it's safe to say  watching it being done is no replacement for proper training and experience.
5	The service, food, and drinks are amazing! If you Iike Sangria you will love theirs! It's not too sweet...we also tried the habanero salsa and it was sneaky hot. I live in Ahwatukee and this place is definitely a hidden gem! If you like Mexican food you have to give this place a try!
5	Awesome food.  Just had a great Chile relleno- so Smokey and good.  Husband had tacos and enchilada which were great.  House margaritas not too sweet and the flavored ones are slightly tart which is good.  Highly recommend this place.
4	I have been told that in Spanish, the name 'Secreto' means 'The Secret'.  I can tell you first hand that this is absolutely true.  I have driven by this place probably 100 times, but had never bothered to stop because it simply didn't have the curb appeal.  Well let me tell you something - this is the best Mexican I've found in Ahwatukee, and I've tried them all now.It's getting 4 stars, because there's nothing extraordinary, but at the same time, everything is good.  The margaritas are good, the food is fresh, with large portions, and the prices are reasonable.  Our waiter seemed very comfortable in the joint, so I'm assuming he was the owner/manager, and he was attentive, friendly, and fun.This is our new Mexican place.  We'll be back soon!
3	I actually love their food and would go more after if it was more reasonably priced and had more appetizer priced food to choose from. It's small and the seating is cool.
1	After reading such great reviews, we stopped at Secreto for dinner last night. There was a "possession" notice on the door and it was locked. Hopefully they reopen soon. It makes me sad to see local businesses close.
2	The service staff were friendly and the atmosphere was generally nice but the food was terrible.  Five of us all ordered very different dishes, but every meal that we ordered was like a salt-lick.  Too bad-- could otherwise be a decent place.
1	It has closed. Just a warning to all you other restaurants putting out mediocre food followed by poor service... THIS COULD BE YOUR FATE. Only saving grace this place had was decent live music.
1	Had the carne asada burrito and it wasn't so good. The meat tasted like steakums, no seasoning at all. The beans were from a can and the rice was average. It was like a bunch of white people said lets cook Mexican tonight. The guacamole was excellent though!
