5	Very cool -- literally -- dog park, named for Gilbert's first police dog, Cosmo van Blitsaerd.The park features a small lake where dogs may swim when the AZ weather gets too much. This park is lighted and completely fenced. Timid dogs are directed to use the northern part of the park. They also have two dog wash stations.
5	According to Dog Fancy Magazine and DogChannel.com this is the top rated dog park in the entire country.  This struck my interest and having a 1 year old, very active dog, I had to check it out.  I was really impressed with the cleanliness of the park and the friendly dog owners.  There are many areas for the dogs to explore...an obstacle course, a fire-hydrant drinking fountain, washing stations, a lake with a dock for jumping and of course a dog beach. The park also features a tribute to Cosmo the dog, who served with Gilbert Police from 1993 to 1999 and died in 2002. There are more than 1,000 commemorative bricks dedicated to pets as you walk in.Check out the link below for pictures...http://www.neighborhoodvet.com/site/content/cosmo-dog-park-page1.html
5	This is the best dog park we've been to.  The park is huge and the dogpark that sits inside the park is huge too.  There are 3 spots....the dog beach, the obstacle park, and the timid dog area.  The designers put a lot of effort in designing the park.....sometimes parks look like someone just put up a fence and never put any thought in how to move dogs around.  I love the fact that the park is set down low and a distance from the parking lot...it gives my dog a period of time to take in all the stimuli before he gets to the park itself.  The pond is really cool, it's clean, and the whole park is well taken care of.  I love the city of Gilbert, they have to be one of the best cities I have lived in.  I can't wait to get back!!!!  Word to dog owners.....the Fire Hydrant fountain by the parking lot smelled like chlorine so I didn't know if it's a decoritve fountain or water fountain for dogs..  If anyone knows this...please let me know.  If I find out I'll let yelpers know.
1	I dont wish to be a KILLJOY...but I wanted to write a word of warning to all visitors to Cosmo Dog Park.  My husband and I have frequented this park for the past year with our beloved canine companions.  Though our young dogs were vaccinated against dog diseases, we recently lost two of our four dogs to PARVO, a highly contagious, often fatal virus which is passed along to other dogs through feces...WE BELIEVE our dogs contracted this fatal virus at Cosmo Park...the ordeal has cost us dearly in terms of heartache and a huge financial burden.  We lost our little 1 1/2 year old, 3 lb Chihuahua,  "Carter" and our sweet Golden Retriever "Madix within days of each other.  Madix's littermate "Harley" has survived the onslaught, but will forever be without his brother to fetch and swim with.   We will never go back to the park...the risk is just too great.  Don't think because your dog has been vaccinated it is safe...According to the vet, Parvo can mutate and is like the flu...you can avoid one strain and pick up another.  It is impossible to sterilize a dog park...Cosmo Park constantly has feces lying around that unresponsible dog owners have not picked up.  Considering this virus is highly contagious and can live in the DIRT for years...I believe it is a fact that Cosmo park is infected with the virus...and any young dog can be at risk of contracting the illness.  There is no cure for the virus...and the vet bill to treat it can cost in the 1000's and that is not even a guarantee your dog will survive...The vets and feedstore we spoke to during our ordeal told us that there is an outbreak right now.  One vet is not even making appointments but is taking as many dogs as they can push through in an attempt to save them.  I love dogs...I love mine dearly...I just don't want to see anyone else suffer the way my family has these past few weeks.   Our dogs absolutely loved Cosmo Park...we thought we were such good dog owners by treating them to a play day several times a week...in the end...it killed them.  For any of you who might remember our two young goldens, who loved jumping off the docks to fetch their special squeeky balls...we will miss you all.
3	It's a fun park, but don't go on the weekends unless you want to lose your dog in the crowd. Too many pushy dogs for me. The lake is really awesome, but I hear it smells horrid in the summertime. The only thing I honestly didn't like was that there was dog crap EVERYWHERE. Apparently nobody knows how to pick up dog shit their (go figure.)
5	Totally great park. I took my Golden Retriever here and she LOVED it.The best part of the park, is by far, the swimming lake. Dogs can get into the water with a gradual slop. The water appeared to be clean enough so "all good" on that front. There was even an area where you could hose off your dog after the swim (I didn't and she didn't smell afterwards).Best Dog park in AZ IMHO.I've posted a video of the park here: http://tinyurl.com/3ua2sw
3	This park is nice in winter but lacks quite a bit.  -If you dog does't come straight back to you, he can easily go around the meere 2 foot extension of the gate  around the lake and be out of the park.-Bag and trash bins are few and far between around the large part of the park. (This park is still not as huge as Quail Run on greenfield and Virgina in Mesa)-There is hardly any shade making this park quite unbearable in summer.-The parking is way up at the top of the hill compared to the location of the park.  If your dog is used to be off a leash or is hard to handle once they know they are at the park, just know there is a small walk down a steep hill to the entry and leash lawas are enforced-the lake tend to be pretty nasty in summer.Overall, it is a nice park, but it was rated when it was brand new.  Since it's opening it has the same issues as other parks in AZ, shade from small underdeveloped trees, fewer garbage bins lead to more people not cleaning up after their dogs too, and the lake can get pretty nasty.I like to take my dogs here once in while for swiming but you have to keep a close eye on them because they can escape on the lake side.
5	what a fun park! we took our dog for the first time this past weekend and we liked the fenced areas where we can unleash him and he just kept on running and chasing the tennis balls that are left there! it wasn't so busy as we went on monday and some people had it off for veteran's day weekend so not sure how it is on a real weekend! but we absolutely loved it and so did our dog Churro! just be careful when walking on the grass, as some people don't pick up after themselves, so stick with walking on the pathways, but other than that, it's a great place to take your dog. when we got home, Churro just knocked out from all that running! best dog park i've seen here.  a few dogs jumped off the pier ino the lake so that was also fun to watch!!!
4	Cosmo park is great and a good idea for Gilbert. We use to take our dog Gidget there all the time but she gets to nervous around other dogs and it was causing he lots of stress. But the facilities are nice. Especially now that they have a timid dog area. The only downfall is lots of the dog owners are borderline retarded and don't watch their dogs to make sure they behave which has caused problems almost everytime we have gone. But overall a great place to take your pooch.
5	Cosmo is one of the best dog parks that I've ever been to. It has everything that your doggie could possibly want: a lake for swimming/fetching, lots of room for running, a fenced in area for the dogs who don't do as well off the leash, a fire hydrant to drink from (too cute), and a separate area for shy/timid dogs. Right behind the dog park is the walking trail that runs alongside the 202. So, even if you have to drive to get to the dog park, you can still take Fido for a long walk (good for drying off after a dip in the lake).
5	This place is too cool for its own good.  It is definitely where the "cool dogs" go to play.  Unfortunately we don't make it out here very often because it's all the way in the EV and we live in Downtown, but Rally LOVES it when we take him here.  The parking situation is a little bit annoying, but I will put up with it when there is such a great park to go to.  Here you are offered a big lake area for the dogs to swim in, a nice beach area to frollick in, and a big grassy area to run in and practice on the obstacles.  I've heard some complaints that it's really dirty here, but I have never seen that, thankfully.  This park is beautiful and well maintained.  Arizona dogs are lucky to have this park in their backyard.
5	Cosmo Dog Park is a great park!  I have been there about 5 times in the past 2 weeks and I have fun every time I go.  There were some reviews on this park being dirty, but I have not seen that.  The main area (not the lake portion) doesn't have a lot of grass, but its not really a big deal.  The timid area has really good grass is kept up very well, although some days there can be puddles by the hose.  It seems for the most part, that the people at the park (well in the timid area) are responsible for their dog, and I haven't seen one "real" dog fight and most seem to pick up after their dog. This is definitely my favorite dog park.FYI: Starting in July, there will be a "rangers" patrolling the dog park to make sure people are responsible and clean up after their dogs. Link can be found here : http://www.azcentral.com/news/articles/2009/02/18/20090218parkrangers0218.html
4	Okay so I think this is a really great concept.  However, the first time I went there, we were on the lake side.  My dog couldn't find me, freaked out, jumped in the lake, went around the fence and bolted to the parking lot leaving me in the gated area and him running free.  I just think the fence needs to run into water at least a little further so it wasn't so easy for my dog to escape.  Anyway, she didn't seem interested in the lake anyway so we stay on the other side now.  A bonus is that there is a place to wash the dog.  I just brought along the dog shampoo and waa lah clean dog.I have noticed A LOT of poop around.  I wondered the other day why there is so much poop around.  I mean how do you let your dog poop and then not clean it up when there are all these people around?  Well, I watched and observed and found the answer.  While dog is off running around playing with other dogs and sniffing everything to death and then has to take a potty break, owner is not paying attention.  They are either yapping it up with someone and not paying attention OR they are talking or texting on their cell phones not watching to see what their dogs are doing.  This leaves the task of minding the poop up to someone else - who wants to be the poop police?I would have to say one of the biggest draw backs for me is that the play area for kids is really lame.  It is not a one stop shop for us and that is kind of annoying.  I think it would be really great if they play area was really geared towards kids playing on it then we wouldn't have to drive around to 2 separate parks.All in all as dog parks go it is a very large and attractive dog park but there definitely are a lot of landmines.
5	You know my dog has it really tough.  After 8 hard hours of sleeping on my bed, he has to get up when I do, follow me around the house while I get ready and see me off to work.  Then it's outside for his sun bath, followed by 15 minutes of getting into stuff, and then a rigorous stretch.  Then a 4 hour nap, some sniffing, and then another nap.  No wonder he's so tired when I get home that he collapses on the nearest pile of laundry and proceeds to start snoring.  It's a ruff time (haha, I'm so flippin' funny.)  So when he's stressed out and needs a break, we head on over to Cosmo Dog Park for Yappy Hour.  There is butt sniffing to do, pee mail to check, and all kinds of activities.  If the car is dirty and the weather is warm, we go in to the lake area where he can fulfill his dream of being a water dog.  After some swimming and splashing, and of course some vigorous shaking (as close to his human as possible, because the only thing hotter than lake water in your mouth is wet dog lake water hurled at the speed of light) it's off to the big dog area, for some running, ball chasing and agility fun.They have well constructed agility equipment - yay for concrete, good watering areas, and TONS of room to run and romp.  Plenty of nasty tennis balls to throw, and most people are good about the poop scooping.  The fact they have a completely separate area for small dogs is a huge plus too.  Overall, while this is more of a drive for us, it makes my dogs day to go out and have fun at the park, and the quality of this park makes the extra miles well worth it.Side note:I'd love to kick the person who voted good for kids, dog parks are NOT FOR CHILDREN of the two legged variety.  Just because your kid likes dogs doesn't mean my dog likes kids.  He does, but I feel terrible when dogs trample toddlers, the screaming and crying gives me a headache.  Let me bring my baby (the furry kind that will never talk back) and leave your ankle biters at home.
3	Any dog park has the potential for unruly dog owners. I'm totally aware of that. Unfortunately, I've seen my fair share of rude and downright stupid dog owners here and it's now kept me from going back.I used to come here fairly often with my very sweet and lovable labs, but after the last time, I decided it's better to not come at night. I've never had a bad experience during the day for some reason- only at night.The last time I was here, an aggressive dog was terrorizing every single dog that came through the gate. It nipped at my dog immediately upon entering and followed all the dogs around, including mine, while getting into numerous scuffles with numerous dogs. They just weren't your typical dog scuffles but outright dog fights. At this point, what did the owners do? Nothing. They just yelled at the dog every time it did something. They did not take the dog out of the situation, nor did they know how to correct his behavior. They just constantly yelled his name.It got to the point where we felt it was no longer safe for our dog to be there, as this dog got into it with our dog at one point. Right as we were about to go to the other side of the park with our dog, the aggressive dog got into yet another fight with a german shepherd right as it was entering the gate. I had to leash my dog immediatly and walk her away from the situation, and other owners had to pull their dogs back, so the situation wouldn't escalate even further. Still, these owners did NOT get that perhaps this was a sign it was time to leave. I piped up that perhaps it was time for them to go and they still did not leave until their dog got into a few more fights. It was totally unreal and extremely disrespectful.What irritates me is not the dogs. I love all dogs, even the aggressive ones. They simply do not have the right direction and let's face it, they're just animals. What irritates me is inconsiderate dog owners that cannot and do not know how to control their animals and that ruin the experience of a dog park for everyone else. Unfortunately if I'm to return, it will be during the day when there's less people and less dogs...and more considerate owners.
5	I've never been to a dog park, nor has my dog, Molly.  I think I enjoyed it more than she did!  there's a nice little pond and dogs were enjoying it immensely as their owners threw the tennis ball and they swam to retrieve it.  There's water, lots of places to sit, even some dog obstacle course things.  Molly went straight up to the top of the stairs and straight down.There were lots of big dogs here, yes, but they were well behaved.  There is also a separate fenced area for shy or smaller dogs.  Molly did not want to make friends so we just walked around, which was very enjoyable.  I loved just watching the dogs.  It's a great place to take your best friend if they want to make other friends!
2	We've been trying out Cosmo dog park for a few years now. We actually took a break for about a year, though, because the park was always so disgusting that one of my dogs was getting skin infections on his feet after each visit. We also had a ton of problems with smaller-dog owners not watching their dogs and being generally really stupid with their animals, endangering both their own dog and mine. More than once I had dogs who were unknown to me run straight for me and leap into my arms to escape being chased by a larger dog. Sad when the dogs come to me and not their owners!I did talk to the town parks people about the small-dog issue, kids playing in the lake with the dogs (eeeeewwwwww!) and other issues, and they told me about their plans for the park. They do now have the timid dog area in place and more trash bins. Since we now have a second, younger dog, we decided to try it again this past week. My dogs really liked the exercise and playtime, but the park is still really gross with dog crap everywhere. I didn't see a single person other than me pick up after their dog the entire time we were there. The small dog area gets used and I didn't see many issues with the little ones, so that was positive. But I am very concerned about health problems; both of our dogs got major soapy baths when we got home from the park. The parvo outbreak is significant this year and I don't think we'll chance going back. I also don't think people should be bringing their little kids to the dog park- there was even at least one family there with a baby and NO DOG. One guy made a comment as I walked by that "now she won't ever be afraid of dogs!" Some of the dogs were literally nearly as big as me, and I saw some near-stroller-misses and some scary things for the kids- you may as well leave your baby sitting in the middle of the running of the bulls. Cosmo is rated the best dog park in the country, and it could really be that if it was clean and if people had more common sense. It's not the dogs that are the problem....
4	Wow I had a fun time reading all the reviews on here about this place. It sounds like some of you have had a really rough time during your visits. I've been here 3 times and must have lucked out because fortunately I never encountered aggressive dogs. If however during my visits I witness this behavior I will gladly walk up to the owner and ask them politely to leave. That is one thing I can't stand is a dumb ass bringing their aggressive dog to a dog park. When their mean dogs act up you can always count on their owners saying outloud, "he/she never acts like this, I don't know what's got into him/her." BULLSHIT.  My one complaint about this place is that I did notice crap here and there and you shouldn't see this in this park because there are plenty of trash bins and an abundant supply of clean up bags. BUt you know there will always be those people that ruin it for the rest of us. I think this place rocks though cuz there is a freakin lake for the dogs to swim! And I love how the entire lake area is covered with pebbles so your dogs feet don't get all muddy. I have 2 little pugs and they love to get in the water with all the big dogs and run around. I don't have any kids yet, but I don't see the harm in people bringing their rugrats as long as they keep an eye on them and prevent them from being trampled by the dogs.
5	Judging from my dog's excessive leash pulling and tail wagging while we are walking to the lake, I'd say she loves this place!It's a great place to take a dog to exercise during the summer because they can cool off in the lake portion anytime.  I've gotten a major sunburn waiting for her to be ready to go home.The only problem I have is that my dog figured out how to jump around the barrier gate that divides the lake/play space from the open area.  Imagine my surprise when I found my dog running towards another family trying welcome the new dogs to her favorite playground.It can be a little dirty, but dogs are dirty.  It's still worth the trip!
5	Look to all owners please be responsible for your dogs, no one wants to have to deal with some idiot that has a crazy dog, and ruin the day for everyone else. I have a Viszla puppy and he loves it here, he always goes in the lake and loves playing with other dogs, I have seen a few fights and they damper the mood of the whole place. I hate to be biased but they have all been pit bulls. They are an agressive breed, and not all owners have crazy pits, but the three fights I have seen have all been pits. I try to keep my dog away.I would tell anyone that brings there dogs here to wacth them the whole time, its ok to talk but please wacth your dog, because if your dog goes to bite mine I will do whatever it takes to get your dog off of mine, and I mean anything. So be a good dog owner and just look out for your dog. If I dont pick up my dogs poop because I am talking, please tell me, I read one of the reviews and honestly I think some dog owners just dont see there dogs pooping if they are talking, so lets all hold each other more accountable, dogs poop, its not something that should offend someone to say did you know your dog pooped over there. I mean what are they going to say, my dog doesnt poop. To small dog owners, like my sister, she has a yorky just make sure that your dog has been around bigger dogs and please please dont hold your dog. ALL SMALL DOG OWNERS EITHER PUT YOUR DOG DOWN OR PUT HIM IN THE SMALLER AREA. My dog goes nutz when people carry there dogs, he gets agressive because he wants to know why the moms are holding there dogs, either keep them at home or in the small dog area ,dont hold them.We love this place, coming from California this has to be the coolest plcae ever for my dog, he loves it everytime we go, its amzing. Anyone that goes and brings thre dog often add me as a friend or write me a comment, I would love to meet other yelpers with well trained dogs. I have a little Viszla names Kobe, I have pictures of him in my picture page, come and say hi we love meeting new people.
1	Well Cosmo Park dissappoints again...our current dog came home with dog ticks after visiting this illustrious park.   I have had dogs and lived in AZ for 20 years and NONE of my dogs have ever had ticks before.  Well, they do now AND now we can't get rid of them.  We have purchased every over the counter and professional tick killer known to man and we still occasionally pick one off the dog...a few days after visiting the park we woke up to about 150 of the little beasties all over the house, even one on my son's neck...  Just a fair warning...you don't know what you will bring home from a park where everybody brings their dogs, vaccinated and unvaccinated, well taken care of or not.  Couple this problem with the PARVO problem, and the park becomes a deadly place to take a dog.
1	update: after the last visit to Cosmo that I wrote about, first one with new dog Cody, he did in fact get a skin infection on his feet- a nasty one too- despite the major soapy bath he got when we got home. We'll really just not ever go back. It's a shame, but I'll pay for daycare when he needs to burn off some energy- it's a lot safer.
2	I took my dog here twice (pit bull/lab ret mix) she goes crazy!The idea was right on...to have a dog park like a resort; different sized fenced in areas for dogs, an obstacle course, a LAKE and a place to bathe and even a fake hydrant that spills into a big water bowl.There are too many problems with this park:A: except for where you have to have your dog on a leash ALL of the grass is dead and non existent,  so every time we'd go she'd be up to her belly in mud.B: I've heard too many stories about the lake.  Its infected, disease ridden, stagnant, etc.  At first I didn't want to believe any of those stories because that meant breaking the bad news to my baby (dog), and thats when the tail would come to a stop. :(...SO when I saw the doggies hydrant area with trash inside and brown water, the no grass areas where the dogs are able to play (btw no sprinklers set up either) I quickly realized "this park is not a very clean park-even for dogs."  Nope another tactic to get money from tax payers and a seemingly nice place for you pooch until you really start to smell it out for what it is...We wont be back.
5	WE LOVE THIS PARK!! Our favorite part is the lake! My dog loves to jump off the pier!! She could do it forever. There is usually a lot of dogs there, which is a good thing because it is very good for socialization!!! The dogs are usually well behaved and the people are very friendly!!! The only part that slightly bothers me is there is a nasty smell of wet dog and poo..... But hey what can you expect?? We go there a lot and love it!
1	#1?!  Really?  Have you been there?  First off there is not enough parking, the sidewalk to enter the park takes you on a hefty hike AROUND the rolling hills, so if you have a dog that is in a hurry to get to his favorite place be ready for a long walk.  Next,  lets look at the "wonderful" lake with poor circulation and filtering that is always filthy and covered in film.Ther is NEVER any tennis balls or toys left there either.  I have left some several times but they are never there after cleaning.Next, the grass...or the LACK THERE OF!  The place is COVERED in mud and has NO TREES!  This picture you provide shows the area around the dog park and is about a year old if not more. In AZ can you imagine no shade anywhere.  Besides the few benches away from the main play area with one cover, there is no shade anywhere or coming soon due to the trees all dying off.The biggest complaint still has to be the mud and lack of shade.  They close this park every August to "improve it" and all everyone wanted was shade and GRASS, so the park stayed closed all August for us to return just this morning to...MUD and NO SHADE.  You can't even tell what they did if anything besides take out the dead trees (still leaving two) and watering the mud.This is NOT the best dog park by any means.  The rolling hills makes your walks rather tiring, the sidewalks dont even go in the more fun areas, there are ants all over the tables and benches as well as spiderwebs from there lack of use, and there is no grass except in places where you are not supposed to walk your dogs.  Someone that actually visits this park should try visiting it more often, or looking at the other parks in the area like Virgina and Greenfield or the Scottsdale Park.
5	Love it and I don't even have a dog....we spend time walking around (good walking park) and checking out peeps and their best friends (their dogs).   Go there, have fun!  Take Fido!
4	We take the "kids" here when the weather is nice.  Many of the dogs here like to swim in the pond, chasing balls or just playing. Mine don't. There are obstacle courses for the dogs, which mine ignore. Mine just love the fun in the sun and sniffing other dogs'... well you know how they roll.The kids love it there. The atmosphere is really great and the dog owners there, for the most part, are pretty responsible.
1	After the last time of going to Cosmo and having my dog attacked by a dog who's owners couldn't control it, I didn't think I'd be back to the park (even though I had been plenty of times without incident) but I did go back this evening. I figured it had been about 6 months and I really do enjoy taking her. She loves it. I should have re-read my past review about telling myself I'd NEVER go back in the evenings. And here's why...To be honest, I wasn't expecting anything bad to happen. My dog was having her usual fun time but within 5 minutes of entering, a small dog got attacked by a larger dog and all you could hear was crazy amounts of yelping and whining like the dog was being eaten. It was a horrible sound. The owner of the small dog started crying hysterically, running towards the dog, arms outstretched screaming like a banchee. Now, of course it's not her fault her dog is being attacked but she definitely was escalating the situation by acting this way. Don't any of these people watch The Dog Whisperer? Geez. :P Energy people. CALM, ASSERTIVE energy. Fuck, it's not hard.So this fight between the two dogs is still going on. About 15 seconds into it, it turned into an all out brawl with 6 other dogs going ape-shit on this little dog and then each other. IAnd THEN, as if things couldn't get any worse...every dog in the park started running over to the scuffle. First thing I thought was, "It's time to get the FUCK OUTTA HERE!" The group of dog owners converged in the entry way to the park, apparently to talk out the situation, while hysterical lady kept crying. Some words were exchanged between owners & I decided it was time to excuse myself. Mind you, I had my dog leashed at this point. She was healing & completely under my voice command. I made her sit and stay at the gate, in front of all these people and their dogs. I went first and she followed, all on my voice commands. It made me feel like I accomplished something to have my dog under my control while there was complete chaos ensuing around me. If you can't even get control over your 10 lb. dog in most circumstances, please for the love of god, DON'T TAKE THEM TO THE DOG PARK. And if you don't have control of your 70 lb. dog, DON'T TAKE THEM TO THE DOG PARK.
3	My dogs and I go to Cosmos often, with mixed experiences.  Like any dog park, we've run into some clueless jerks who don't pick up after their dogs (why is it always that giant mastiff taking a dump the size of my arm?) and don't control their animals.  I've been jumped on by Yorkies and Pitbulls alike...Cosmos takes all kinds.  Same as any bark park -- watch your dog like a hawk to make sure they're minding their manners and protect them from potentially aggressive dogs with your calm, assertive energy.The thing that blows my mind about Cosmos is that people let their kids play there...it's a DOG playground not a CHILD playground.  I was there on Veteran's Day and there were a couple of moms who were letting their babies play in the gravel by the water like it was a day at the shore.  IT IS NOT A REAL BEACH PEOPLE!!!  It is a giant toilet for dogs. You might as well have your kid build a sand castle in a litter box or let them eat their Teddy Grahams off a pooper scooper.
5	This is a great DOG PARK. There are obstacles, there's a fake lake area (separate from the other area with the obstacles) for them to go for a swim or fetch, a place to hose them down, and a separate area for small/scared dogs. There are problems when going here, but not any fault of the actual park. If it's not you or your dog being attacked by the aggressive dog, then I suppose it's nothing to worry about. There are people who think it's okay to bring aggressive dogs to a dog park. I don't just mean the dogs who like to play and wrestle, I mean the ones who like to bite and attack. I have seen an idiot like this there more than half the times I have gone. The dog bites some other dog, they scold it (maybe punish it) and then let the dog go on playing until it bites/attacks another dog. Sometimes the aggressive dog will initiate a huge brawl among all the dogs at the park. There are idiots who think it's okay to bring their small children to a dog park. I am not talking about the fact that it's dirty or whatever, germs are a good thing to build up the immune system. I mean the fact that they overlook the fact that there is always an idiot there who thinks it's a good idea to take an aggressive dog to a dog park. ****Do not take your kids here!! I am saying this as a parent myself. When I was pregnant I used to take our dog here and saw how people brought young children. I would NEVER take my son here. There will always be some idiot with a 160 pound biting dog who decides it's okay to bring their dog to a dog park. Just because YOUR DOG plays fine with your kids at home and is gentle, that doesn't mean that everybody Else's' dog is the same way. ***If your dog has EVER bitten another dog or human, then do not EVER take your dog to any dog park. Ever. ****If your dog bites or attacks another dog at the dark park, then leave immediately and never bring that dog back again. Ever. Do not think you'll "train your dog to be around other dogs" by taking them to the dog park.
5	The only Dog Park in the Metro Phoenix area with a beach front so your dog can play in the water. Lots of big dogs but the owners and their pets seem well socialized. To see some photos and my complete review visit http://www.dogparkriot.com
1	So we took our dog here today, a pit bull lock jawed onto my dogs ear.  The owner of the pit proceeded to pick his dog up, full force punch it in the face, and then slam it on the ground.  It was clearly animal abuse.  The guy quickly left because onlookers were voicing their disgust.  I went so numb from just having my dog attacked, that I couldn't get the guys license plate or anything.  I want to report the bite, as well as the animal cruelty.  Is it too late?  Help!?!
5	Truly the best dog part in the valley area! Yes, dog parks can be dangerous and the safety of which is dependant on the responsibility taken on the part of the owners. I've had a couple of really back experiences here due to the negligence of certain dog owners. The park itself is great - 5 Stars. Fellow Dog Owners that don't take responsibility for thier pets or children - 1 Star!!!However, on the whole this is a great place for the dogs to run around. There is a separate area for timid dogs, owners who are willing to brave the smell of wet dog, and the main section with an obstacle course. The lake is nice on a hot day for the dogs and there is a ton of room for the dogs to run.
2	Its a close 2-3 stars for this park. The main problem with this park is that they never have sections closed off like the park in Scottsdale, which totally helps with all the wear and tear the dogs make on it. This park is always full of mud, smells like piss and the water stinks too. I did have a dog bite my dog here pretty badly which can happen at any dog park but the particular owners did nothing about it, that can be very frustrating.But my lab loves to run off the dock after his ball here, so I do on occasion suffer this place.I think there are many things that one must consider before going to the dog park.*your dog may be pushy with some dogs, you must run your dog down and control it, apologize immensely and be prepared to pay a vet bill if something goes wrong!*your dog may be pushed on. Do not take it personally and be prepared to pay a vet bill if everything goes wrong!*your dog may get very dirty, bring towels and still prepare that your dog ends up dirty!*be prepared for your dog to possibly bring home fleas, ticks, or new habits!*don't bring young children or food!
5	I truly believe that when your dogs go to heaven they go to a place much like Cosmo park. Especially if you have Lab's like mine!The thought of a dog park with a LAKE, who would have thunk it!?!?! My girls (2 Labs) love this park. They love swimming the lake and running along the shore and jumping off the pier....I'm telling you DOGGIE HEAVEN!!! Although, their are a few negatives about this dog park....but it isn't the Dog Parks fault that people are idiots and don't know how to handle their dogs in the park ....Numerous times I have had to give some poor    doggies owner some advice...Like let them OFF the leash...you wonder why all the other dogs want to eat/attach your dog...um really?All in all I love this park and I wish every park had a Lake!!
5	I live behind the Chaparral dog park in Scottsdale, so I had already set the bar pretty high.This is freaking Disneyland for dogs!Three separate areas and one with a little lake! Yes, a real lake for the dogs to swim and cool down! Absolutely amazing. IF you really love fido, he deserves this treat. Bonus points if you take them to Uncle Bear's for lunch after.FYI - I noticed other reviews slamming an irresponsible owner with aggressive dogs... EVERY dog park has dip-shit owners. Don't judge this park because a couple of rednecks go there. Most of the owners and dogs are friendly.
5	As far as valley bark parks go this one is at the top.  Huge facility with several different areas to make everyone happy.  There's an enclosed area designated for more timid dogs which is fantastic if your pup is new to the dog park thing.  Another fenced area has good sized lake for pooches to take a dip in and play on the "beach" while the last enclosed space has some agility equipment and a lot of running room.  There's also a playground for kids and some bbq's for the fur-less park participants.   We go a bunch and the disrespectful folks have been a rarity.  Its tru tho that a lot of owners dont pick up after their pooches so watch out for doo.
5	Went out with wife and dog today to this park. We love this place. I can let the dog off the leash and let her play. Being a black lab, she heads straight for the water and never leaves. This park is not the cleanest. And yes, for some reason, pet owners don't seem to clean up after their dog. REALLY, how hard is it. Grab a little plastic bag, wrap it over your hand, bend down, pick up dog poop, pull back over hand, and throw away. While your bending over, try picking up one other pile while your at it. If you use the "1 +" rule, the park would be clean all the time. But my biggest complaint, as are most of my complaints about places, are the humans. It amazes me how some of the most rude, most inconsiderate, thoughtless people bring their pets there. Or the fact that they have dogs all together. Combine those with the people who think that this is a play place for their children also, you can only imagine the comedy of people and errors that can develop. Been a life long dog owner I have several rules about dog parks. Thought I would share: First --- DOG PARK!!!!! This is a place for your dog!!! If you bring your children, expect that they will get dirty, knocked over, run into, jumped on, wet, and anything else that can happen when allowing dogs to run freely. This is not a kid park!!! There are any number of other places kids can go to play on the equipment. The obstacles, jumping ramp and all other things in this park are for the DOGS!!!!! If you can't control your kid, PUT IT ON A LEASH!!!! SECOND -- The obstacles are for the dogs!!! Unless you are actually trying to work with your dog to help them learn how to negotiate them stay off them... Let the dogs play.. Don't stand in the way on the jumping ramp into the lake. When your big butt stands there, others can't throw things for their dog to jump off it... Get out of the way!!!! THIRD --If you have to carry your dog to the end of the ramp and throw it in the lake to make it go in the water, maybe your dog is not ready for this park or the water. I know you may think it is fun, but it really ruins the experience for your dog. Maybe you think this gets your dog used to it, but from a training stand point, if it makes your dog scared and it is less likely to want to do it again. Start from the edge, your dog might learn to enjoy it.. FOURTH --Dog fights will happen in an environment like this.. When it does, try taking control of your own dog rather than rubber necking to look at the dog fight. Ever notice that a small fight can turn into a large one as the other dogs join in. Take control of your own dog and let the owners of the fighting dogs take care of their dogs. FIFTH --If you know your dog is aggressive before you enter the park, DON'T BRING YOUR DOG IN IDIOT. I can't tell you how many owners I have watched who have a problem with their dog just getting from the parking lot to the dog run area. Maybe this is not the place for you.. FINALLY --Ever noticed how a pet will assume the personality of their owner. If the dog is a nut case, there is a good chance the human holding the leash is too. If the dog is rude, bullish, or just all around a disturbance, chances are the one holding the leash has problems too.. We usually have to have a license for dogs. Maybe a dog owner should have to get a license first. Let's limit the idiot dog owners of the world!!! Probably can say the same for these same bad pet owners that have kids too though!!!! THIS IS A 5 STAR PLACE. I TAKE MY DOG THERE. SHE HAS FUN. NOT TOO MANY PLACES I CAN TAKE HER WHERE SHE CAN PLAY IN THE WATER AND INTERACT WITH OTHER DOGS. DON'T EXPECT TOO MUCH FOR YOUR COMFORT. AFTER ALL, IT WAS NOT BUILT FOR YOU AS THE HUMAN... SO YOU MAY HAVE TO SUFFER THE HEAT, SMELL AND DIRT FOR AN HOUR OR SO... BUT IT IS WELL WORTH IT!!!!!
4	Great park for my dog and close to my house.I think the park would be better if they planted a few more trees for shade and if they put in better grass, right now it is mostly dirt.This is a great place to bring your dog and the kids and you will probably end up seeing a breed of dog you have never seen before.Just remember to pick up after your dog and this park will stay clean and fun to visit!
5	We've been coming here on Saturdays for the past month or so now, and still absolutely love it. Our dog Haleigh absolutely loves the water, even though she hasn't quite gotten the whole "jump off the pier" move yet. Still, it's such a great place for her to run around and socialize, especially since we both work during the week and it's hard to get her out. There are usually TONS of dogs of all types and sizes, so there's never a shortage of friends for Haleigh. All the dogs are usually pretty well behaved, and have only seen one "fight" break out, which really was over quickly and was just a thing about dominance. I just wish there was more grass and shade like some other parks we've been to, but you can't beat the lake here. Just be prepared to wear clothes you don't care about because there will be dogs shaking water on you from every direction. Also make sure to bring plenty of towels. We made the mistake of not bringing towels the first time we went, which resulted is us having to get a thorough car wash afterwards haha.Absolutely will recommend this place to any of my friends w/ dogs.
5	My dog, Kahuna, absolutely loves this place.  He is a yellow lab and as if that weren't enough, being named Kahuna you can imagine how much he loves the water.  He loves jumping off the dock after his tennis balls.  I would have to agree that if there were more shade and grass, it would make it even that much better, but its hard to complain.  I have never had any problems with other dogs at the park and the owners seem to be with it for the most part.No real complaints here, you can see Kahuna jumping off the dock just about every weekend.
4	My pup, Malibu just loves going here, she loves making new friends and swimming with the other labs.  My only only complaint would be pet owners not cleaning up after their dogs, it is rude and only takes 2 seconds.  The only other is how gross the water is, really dirty, but my lab pup loves it and I don't have to go in she does!!
5	My dog Remy and I come from Orange County, CA where he love love loves to go to dog beach(s). I'm currently moving him to Arizona and was a bit shy about him coming to a new park setting... especially a park with no waves and enclosed gates and smaller spaces. This park was great! I expected this park to be really small, but the size was actually pretty comparable to some dog beaches. Although there were no waves at Cosmo, the enclosed lake area was perfect. He didn't feel like heading in today, but I'm sure he'll be in there one of these days, especially with AZ summer heat. It also helped to have spray hoses in each area.We will definitely be returning. "I'm brown and I always sport a mohawk. Look for me," Remy.
5	Great place to take the pooch. Really respectful dog owners thus far. A couple of folks don't pick up poop, but that is to be expected. Great water area for dogs to jump in. Huge grassy area for pooch to run around. Unfortunately, my dog likes to smell everything before relaxing. She must have been a hound in her former life. Overall. Great place to get poochie some exercise.
5	Hands down the best dog park me and the pup have ever been to.  If you live anywhere within an hour of this place and consider yourself a good dog owner you have to stop by.
4	We are from Chicago and are used to taking our dog to dog beaches when the weather cooperates.  Cosmo doesn't have sand on their beach which is good because no worries for the dog carrying it around for weeks afterward but is also bad as it does get a bit muddy on some parts of the shore.  Some people have concerns over potential bacteria in the small water area but I don't see too much need to worry.   The beach area was recently under construction and having the dog jump in off the ledge in the non-dog area (believe this may not be "legal" actually worked a lot better as it led to more swimming due to immediate drop off of water levels with still an easy access in and out.  Definitely recommend this place on hot days where traditional walks/runs/hikes are not possible.
4	What a fantastic dog park.  They have a lake, an agility course and a huge area for your dogs to run.  The only complaint is that I have to drive all the way down to Gilbert.
1	The last 2 times, I have taken my pooch to Cosmo, she has come home sick. The first time, she got a rash all over her neck (even after being washed down at home afterwards). This last time we went (about 2 weeks ago) she started throwing up in the lake. Then, I noticed a small dog (possibly a Jack Russell mix was doing the same thing) and then my friend's dog (a lab mix) was throwing up as well. Time to leave, right? I took my dog home and gave her a bath (but the same rash still returned on her neck). A few hours later, I get a call from my friend. She had to take her dog to the vet emergently because she wouldn't drink any water, could barely get up, and was breathing very heavily after being sick at the park. The vet said that it appears to be some sort of virus that she probably caught in the water. The dog was rehydrated and given some antibiotics and perked up within a few days, but still... that's scary. We will no longer be going to this dog park. It's worth the drive to Tempe's dog parks to keep my dog safe and healthy.
1	This place may have been awesome when it first opened but it's dirty and is very unmaintained.Crap everywhere, lake stinks w/ stagnant water, grass... well isn't - it's dirt/mud instead... Two different occasions my dog has gotten sick from this place but is fine in other dog parks... Hasn't eaten anything either - I can directly attribute her sickness / puking to that dog park.  After I started talking with others regarding the same thing - I heard similar stories of their dogs getting sick, getting rashes and who knows what else.It's not maintained at all, they don't close down one side to let it recover... just a mess.  I refuse to take my dog there anymore.  Nuff Said
1	I decided to take my 2 dogs to this park, listening to the invites of a friend. I have a little dog and a bigger dog. I first took them to the dirt/light grassy area, with a couple of agility obstacles, which my dogs could give to craps about. There was a ramada for the people to sit down, and dogs running scarce which is expected. Not a bod area, but I dont know if I really like the mess of the water hoses, where you have to bring your own dog bowl, to the park for your dogs to drink out of, that area gets muddy, dirty, stinky, and very WET.Now, I did take my dogs over to the lake side, large poop piles throughout the rocky shore, the fence only goes around the LAND part of the enclosed lake area, so if your dog decides to swim the wrong way, it is open road for him/her. Then, my dog is a very friendly male dog that likes to get to know the females, if you know what I mean, he is fixed and means no harm, I do follow him around and scold him if it gets out of control, but a woman with a dog the same size as mine, actually YANKED my dog away from hers, as I was right there about to call my dog, after 5 seconds of my dog getting near hers. It gets better, Then meanwhile my husband and a friends kid, were throwing a football around to pass time, a dog came up, jumped on the 10 year old kid minding his own business, and BIT him, my husband, took the ball and had to run on top of a picnic table to get away from the dog, and I had to shoo the dog away, as it barked over and over again, and yet, NOT ONE OWNER came forward. THIS DOG PARK IS NOT WORTH DRIVING TO UNLESS YOU LIKE TO BE AROUND PEOPLE THAT, DONT WATCH THEIR PETS, AND DONT CLEAN UP AFTER THEIR PETS. IT SMELLED, ITS MUDDY, AND DIRTY EVERYWHERE, AND MY DOGS WERE ACTUALLY HAPPY TO GO HOME. ****ON THAT NOTE: QUAIL RUN PARK ON GREENFIELD AND VIRGINIA, IN MESA.... GREAT BARK PARK, TIMID AREA, 1 ACRE OF GRASS, TREES, BENCHES, DOGGIE AND PEOPLE WATER FOUNTAINS, TENNIS BALLS EVERYWHERE, WONDERFUL, RESPECTFUL OWNERS FOR THE MOST PART. IT ALSO HAS A HUGE PEOPLE PARK IN THE SAME AREA, AS WELL AS A CHILDRENS PLAYGROUND, SO THEY DONT HAVE TO BE BOTHERING THE DOGS WHILE THEY PLAY. IT IS AWESOME, IT MAY BE FARTHER BUT DEFINITELY WORTH THE DRIVE TO ME...
4	This was my first time at a dog park, it was a really nice park.  However, I wish that more people were courteous dog park users and pick up the LOADS left by their animals.  I mean, these are BIG dog pies left by the dog/owner and it's not fun to have to constantly walk around them.  The park provides poop bags, so there is no excuse!  I especially appreciate the separate gated areas.  My 7lb pooch doesn't have to mingle with the 100lb dogs.  There is a lake there for the dogs that appreciate playing in water and it was entertaining to watch (man, i need a life).  My last two "complaints" are for the Gilbert parks dept. website and YELP (that's right..YELP) The park is NOT located on the Northeast corner of Ray and the San Tan Loop.  It's about 1/2 mile from the corner, so we did have some problems finding it.   Yelp, when I was sitting in the park I tried to check in and was told I was too far away.  UH, I was IN THE PARK!  How could I be too far away??????
3	Did some lady really complain about a dog park smelling like piss and to not bring food? Ha!This dogpark is fine. Would be nice if they cleaned the tables. Some people let thirt dogs run all over them. Not cool. We have tiny dogs so it's nice that they have a section for aging or timid Dogs.
2	I have to say...I was disappointed.I've heard so many good things about Cosmo.  Everybody talks about the lake for swimming and the wide open expanses for the dogs to run.  They may have left out a few details.  But before we get into that...The set up for the park is nice.  There are three different fenced dog runs; 1 is for the lake, 1 is for timid dogs and 1 is for all others.  I don't think that the park has been upkept very well the past couple of monthes.  My visit to the lake was, for lack of a better word, disgusting.  Huge piles of poop were all along the rocky shore and the water did not look or smell particuarly clean.  The shore was made up of rocks and I've been told that there did use to be grass there at one time a little further away from the shore but they've filled that in with rocks as well.  I can't imagine that it's particularly easy on the puppy paws.  I definitley did not want my dog swimming in that lake so we moved on to the larger fenced area that had 2 pieces of agility training equipment in it.  There's no grass there anymore...it's just compacted dirt.  It makes it a little dusty but it serves it's purpose, I guess.  There were a few tennis balls here and there and we even found a frisbee at one point.  The dog had a great time with that.  The people I encountered at Cosmo seem pretty responsible.  Generally everybody maintains responsibility for their dog and cleans up after them.  I have heard rumors of dogs getting sick from being in the lake area so if you're concerned at all it's best just to avoid it.Unless Cosmo really cleans up it's act a bit I can't imagine I would go here again.  There so many superior options for dog parks in the area.  If you're looking for one, perhaps try Shawnee Park.Best of luck!
1	I hate to give anything a one star rating but this place is just plain gross. Dried up dog poop everywhere. Fresh piles of crap and even walked behind a couple of girls who let their dog take a dump and just kept walking. This place  is mega white trash and I will never return. There is no reason for this place to be the way it is, what a shame.....
5	Last week was my dog's first trip ever to a dog park. I was worried because we just adopted him a few months ago, and I believe he had been abused previously, because he's skittish. I was afraid he might be afraid of the other dogs. I was wrong. After 15 minutes in the timid dog area he was bored! We went to the section with the lake and the bigger dogs, and he loved it. He was only brave enough to slosh around a bit at the edge of the lake, but there were a few smaller dogs his size in there for him to run around with. He's a long hair chihuahua mix (bigger than the taco bell dog, and harrier). There was a lot of poop around, but it's a dog park! What did you expect? The dogs and owners were very well behaved. I didn't see any dog or people fights. The only thing that bothered me was that there were people there who paid more attention to their dogs than their toddlers who were roaming around in there freely. Please don't bring your kid if they're still young enough to use a diaper. Loved Cosmo. Wish it weren't  30 minutes away from my home. I looked at other dog parks in Mesa, and they all seemed pretty boring in comparison to Cosmo. We'll be heading out there tonight for some more doggie fun. :0)
2	I went here several years ago and, while still not good, it was tolerable in the non-swimming area. 1 - It looks like that haven't watered the grass since then because it was in bad shape when I first went there, and a few years later it is gone.  And by gone I mean 90% of it is dirt.  Minus 1 star2 - There aren't any trees in to provide shade, the only option is a covered picnic area with 4 tables on the non-lake side.  That will be a problem once it gets warmer.  Being in the middle of the desert, shade should be a priority because we are known for our 100+ temps for nearly half the year.  minus 1 star3 - No one that goes to Cosmo picks up poop.  Maybe it is that by being well known it attracts people that just don't belong at dog parks.  Whoever they are out in Gilbert, inconsiderate and poor etiquette are the norm, not the exception apparently.  There was a nice senior gentleman picking up the insane amounts of poo with the scooper to make it tolerable in the lake area.  There were literally hundreds of poops in the other side that no one picked up in the several hours I was there.  There were probably 20-40 poops I passed on the walk from the parking lot to the park.      -14 - With popularity comes the morons.  You think managing a double gate and understanding its purpose would be fairly self explanatory.  WRONG!  When I arrived and left people just stood there with the doors open letting everyone's dogs get into the holding pen area and then leaving them in there.  After watching the circus for about 30 seconds each time I had to tell the people to just get out of the way.  There is no reason to hold the gate for someone so 10 dogs can pile up and come close to running away.  At the usual parks I go to I've never had this problem.  (I won't mention those in fear that the Cosmo hoard will take over my parks)      -15 - The parking situation is a mess.  The park is huge, popularity is very high and they have very limited spots (maybe 30?) and the lot is about 100-150 yards away from the park entrance.  Obviously not a deal breaker since you are there to exercise you and your pet but certainly not convenient.  -1  6 - The lake side has the pro of gravel so there is no mud, and no grass for them to screw up by not watering it.  My dogs don't swim, but they have a habit of nibbling on poop which is why I was forced to bring them to the water side to avoid the proliferation of land mines.  +1 7 - There is a little dog area.  Therefore people with little dogs can't complain about how the big dogs are... you know... acting like regular dogs. +1   That leaves me with 2 stars.  If your dog doesn't swim, don't waste your time, even if you live within walking distance.  Of the 6 or so dog parks I've gone to in town this is by far the worst maintained by the city but more importantly it has the patrons with the worst etiquette.  Too bad because it has huuuuuge potential.
5	Took our puppy there for the first time last week and he absolutely loved it! I am glad we didn't let the negative reviews dissuade us from trying it because it's really not bad.  Yes there are people who don't pick up after their pets for whatever reason but that happens everywhere and it wasn't that bad, just keep your eyes open.  We live about 30 minutes away and it's well worth the trip to see how much fun he has playing in the water with the other dogs.There isn't much green grass but neither I nor my dog actually cared... he's there to play not lay in the grass.  There's also a wall for people to sit on while watching their dog and a table or two.... but again this park is tailored to dogs, not people so lack of seating was the least of my concerns... The layout of the park is nice, there's a large area for the dogs to run around in, then there's the lake area and then there's a separate are for older or more timid dogs to play in.As far as having little kids there, I do wish people would not bring their babies or toddlers who are just learning to walk because the dogs are there to have fun and end up being scolded for knocking them down as they run by.... again, this is a dog park.... if you want to hang out and relax without being bothered then go somewhere else.Overall we have fun playing with our dog and everyone else's as they run by chasing each other... highly recommended and I doubt we will go to any other park since this is the only one in the area with a lake.
2	What hapened to this place? It used to be very nice but the last few times I've gone I've been severly disappointed. This is dog poo everywhere, possibly in part to the city no longer providing the clean up bags. There is no grass so if you're playing with any toys they'll be covered in mud. If your dog goes in the water and you switch to the dry side your dog  will be covered in mud. The concrete obstacles have never been maintained or cleaned. The hoses provided spray water everywhere (including on you) when you try to use them.Considering the amount of people that come here, you would think the city would do some upkeep.
3	Cosmo's is an awesome dog park, it is just really busy and so the areas don't always stay that clean.  I have a puppy and she acts like a puppy and I have been criticized at this park by people.  I take my puppy to many other parks and do not have the same type of problems.  My lil' girl loves to swim though so we will keep coming back and do our part to make this park clean and fun!
5	I don't know what all of these complainers are talking about. Cosmo its a beautiful park and we are lucky to have it! I wish there was a similar park in the West valley. Gorgeous lawns and a large pond with a sandy beach. The dogs loved it. There was NOT poop everywhere like some of these commentors claimed.
4	This is a great dog park, and the only one I know of in the whole state where your four-legged bff can take a legal swim.In reading reviews, I was unsure what to expect, but I was pleased when I got there to see most of the concerns raised were exaggerated. For this review, I will focus on the swimming area, because God knows that is what my pooch focused on. There is a huge area to swim in, and beach entry, as well as dock diving area, for the more advanced doggie divers. Watching my pal swim and fetch his tennis ball just made my day, because he had SO much fun he just loved his time spent at Cosmo. After our time there, we walked over to the rinse station, and he got a nice fresh water rinse, just to keep him nice and clean. I l Love that Cosmo dog park added that thoughtful touch, it was really nice and much appreciated.To address some of the oft repeated concerns you will read about, yes, there is the occasional mound o pooh, but that isn't the dog's fault, or the park's fault, that is lazy human error. Another issue mentioned is that the fenced play area is worn down and needs grass planted. This appears to be true, but that means the park is a victim of it's success. Other dog parks have the luxury of having three areas, with one always being over seeded and rehabbed, here that isn't an option. So lighten up, OCD dog owners, a little dirt will not kill you.Another concern listed that didn't bother me is that some complain there isn't a fence all the way around the lake. On paper, that is a concern, but when you get there, you see it isn't an issue. Your dog would have to have the worst case of ADHD ever, to not want to stay near you and the water, other dogs, floating tennis balls, etc. etc.  The area where the fence stops is far away, and it is not a problem. All in all, Cosmo dog park is really an outstanding venue for dog entertainment. Gilbert did an awesome job with it, and there is much to be proud of there. If only I didn't have to drive 25 miles one way to get there, I would practically live there. Enjoy!
5	This place rocks! My pups, Martin, had so much fun here. As soon as we got to the car he was OUT! The water is great for them, I imagine that those dogs who got sick here weren't fully immunized. You should check with your vet before taking your dog to any dog park. But, seriously, this place is great, if you dog even kinda likes water, he will love this park.
5	This place almost makes you want to BE a dog! The little furry guys seem so happy and joyous jumping into the water fetching balls, running around freely and making new friends. The people here are very friendly and kind. Very family friendly, large, clean, and efficient dog park. Was very fun just to sit back and watch the pooches have the times of their lives.
2	The third time i went to this park recently was a total NIGHTMARE.I am not one of those ignorant dog owners that believe the myth of bully dogs aka Pittbulls. Why you might ask? Oh because i grew up with them and own a mixed pitbull? GASP OH MY GAWD. UGH. I HATE THOSE PEOPLE. Hate is a strong word but when people talk sh*t to my dog and have the audacity to PHYSICALLY KICK MY DOG TO KEEP HIM INSIDE THE PARK BECAUSE THEY ARE TAKING THEIR SWEET TIME LEAVING MAKES ME WANT TO GO APE SH*T ON YOU LIKE "PITBULLS" GO ON YOUR DOGS (when they are really just playing.) Want to know something totally crazy you stupid ignorant SOBs? :)our pit mix lives with a pug and the pug is not dead!!!!!! Can YOU believe that??Crazy right?So anyways the park was awesome the first two times because of the lack of people and dogs. 2nd to last time was the best. Because there was a boxer owner that had just got him from the pound. My dog did not kill him either. THEY PLAY ROUGH GET OVER IT OR DON'T BRING YOUR WEAK DOG TO THE PARK OR PUT HIM IN THE KIDDIE DOG AREA FOR CRYING OUT LOUD! So they played got their energy out awesome! Time to go home or to the condo so he can get his anxiety back hence the dog park trips that i do not make it to on a weekly basis because of the fact of the ANNNNNOYING dog owners that bring their froo froo dogs that can't hold their own like our pug can when they play fight.  This dog park is huge kinda dirty not much grass but honestly i DONT CARE ABOUT THAT. I care about my dog getting his anxiety out! yes i tend to worry about the water there because its aqua tealish blue. But my dog isn't exactly a water dog. So i am safe. My friend who has a pound pitbull mix (ooga booga!) on the other hand has a water dog i worry about.  If you come during the day be prepared because it won't be very shaded except for the little picnic area table. So i am completely undecided if i want to go back or not. My friend doesn't get as riled up as i do because her puppy only plays rough with my dog when they are in the backyard together and my dog just takes it and doesn't bite back! Nice park. Horrid people. As usual!
2	Having visited this dog for a few years, I have a few things I would like to relate to people.  1.  DO NOT TAKE young puppies to this park...we lost two young dogs to PARVO which they contracted from this park...don't think vaccines help either...wait til your dog is at least 1 year old before introducing them to a dog park.2.  DO NOT TAKE your dog if he has known aggression issues...the sign also reads that UNALTERED MALES should not come in for a reason.3.  Might want to give your dog a bath with flea and tick shampoo before you leave the park if you don't want to bring those critters home with you.4.  PICK UP AFTER YOUR DOG, it is disgusting how many people ignore this rule.5.  On the water side of the park..it would be nice if dog owners would refrain from standing on the cement launching pad built so that dogs could run and jump off the end.  Often times people stand on the ramp for long periods of time, and quite frankly it temps the rest of us to let our dogs run down the ramp and knock your keester into the lake.  Little children shouldn't be standing out there either if they don't want to be knocked into the lake or knocked down...Dogs don't watch for humans, they just run.6.  Note to Town of Gilbert...you created a beautiful park, please plant some more shade trees or put up more gazebos...the skimpy trees currently growing there aren't really great shade trees.7.  If all owners supervise their dogs and are respectful of all the other guests and their dogs, it makes for a great day at the park.
5	Outstanding park, great people, and friendly dogs. I could not be more impressed with my experience.
5	Excellent place to bring your dog! The owners here always seem respectful. It's a great place to get some human interaction when you've had a long day working from home too. The place is absolutely huge. Unfortunately, as with every other dog park, the grass is non existent so when I brought my dog here on a rainy day, she was a bit of a mess. My routine is bringing my dog over to the lake side, let her run around there for a while, play in the water and chase the big dogs, then bring her to the "dirt" side for more running around. They have a special area where you can hose your dog down after she gets dirty. I usually have a towel I keep in the trunk to dry her off before putting her back in the car. My dog loves playing with little dogs and they have this great (grassy) area for "timid" dogs, but my dog is the least timid in the would and she would probably upset the other dog owners there so we stick with the 2 large parks. Something else to note, they there is a nice ramada area in case you do find yourself out there on one of the 3 days out of the year it rains. I been going here for a long time and didn't even realize it!! The bad thing is I do see a lot of dog poop around, I wish dog owners would be more responsible. I hear Gilbert partnered up with ASU to put in this device where you put in dog poop and it exports electricity to power the lights in the park, if that is true, hopefully the owners will be more motivated to clean their dogs ish. You should for sure bring your dog here at least once, even if you live on the other side of town, it's worth the drive, and you can grab a bite to eat that the famous Joe's Farm Grill, a couple blocks away!
3	It's good enough for a dog park. I wish they had more mature trees because there really isn't any good shade and well we have a lot of sun here if you haven't noticed. The lake is ok, but the water is questionable to me. Has a little playground for the human kids too.
4	I love how close this park is to where I live.  It's super convenient and makes it easy for me to be a responsible dog owner.  It's great watching the dogs play together.  My dog loves to play with other dogs and he thinks he can make every dog like him.There are three separate areas.  1) Pond where your dog can cool off and take a dip or splash around2) Large grassy/dirt area with doggie play structures3) Smaller grass area for timid dogsIt's a great place, plus there trails to walk around the park also.My only qualm would be that not all owners pick up after their dogs, but what can you do about that.
5	I loved this place! Water is clean, the dogs loved it. They have hoses do you can wash off your dogs right there.
5	Awesome place to bring your pup, no matter how old or how big/small! We bring our Morkie, Lola here nearly every week. She LOVES it here. They have a great area for small dogs and even a separate area for big dogs. She could probably hang in both areas, but we keep her confined to the small dog area.The area for larger dogs is fenced so they can be off leash (as well as the small dog section) The perk of the large dog area, is that it is A) bigger B) has obstacle courses and even a pond/lake thing for them to swim in when it gets hot!The owners are really friendly and I have yet to encounter a terribly behaved pup or owner for that matter! The only thing that is not favorable is the dry grass, my dog is submissive so she will lay in the grass if bigger dogs come to her, which makes her get realllly dirty. Bring a towel for your car on the ride home!
5	One of the best dog parks I've ever been to! There is something for everyone. While there are two parks, one large area and one smaller for "timid" or "aggressive" dogs, I've never had a problem! I have a small dachshund, and other dogs in the larger park were always too rough with him. The small area generally is where people bring their smaller dogs, and everyone there is very friendly. I love that there is a separate park for us smaller dog owners.The entire area is beautiful and well maintained. The lake is always full of energetic and playful dogs, and people do a good job of cleaning up after their pooches. It's a very convenient location and there are watering down areas everywhere to clean or quench the dogs! Highly recommended if you live in the area :)
5	I just took my dogs here today and it was a great park! I read some of the reviews on here before I came and was a little reluctant to visit but I am so glad that I did! Everything was very clean. There was hardly any poop both on the water and the active dog side. All the owners seemed to keep a pretty good eye on their pets and were very friendly. My dogs really enjoyed the obstacles that they had to climb on and so did a lot of the other dogs by the looks of it. :) I wish there was more grass though. I could see that it probably would get pretty muddy in the summer time with all the water and what-not. but in my opinion that is to be expected. I guess thats why its a dog park and not a people park. As far as dogs getting into fights, that happens everywhere people. its a dog park. thats bound to happen at some point. but all in all we will be coming back here. My dogs loved it!
3	I love this place! I get a kick out of my dogs playing in the water and fetching balls from the pond. I only wish there was one of these in Glendale, so we wouldnt have to drive out so far lol. That and I wish the water could be cleaned. I know theres no stopping dogs from going to the bathroom in that water, but still it would give me better peace of mind if maybe once or twice a month it could be cleaned lol.
4	Love this place to pieces.... My dogs thank the person who came up with the idea to make a dog park with a lake for dogs.... Granted the water is dirty and I have noticed there are quite a few owners who don't pickup after themselves or their dogs... There are alot of people like myself who pickup more than a pile or 2 when cleaning up after my own dogs mess... And please people if your dog doesn't like others to the point that you have to pick it up everytime another dog comes by yours and then get upset at the owner of the other dog.... Then don't bring your dog!!!! But overall our experiences here will not keep us from coming back.... The people weren't really interested in talking to eachother but please remember that if you are coming to the lake for dogs be prepared to get in.... If your dog is in trouble in the water you may have to get in to help him and same goes for if your dog is causing trouble in the water....
5	This dog park is AWESOME!!  I love the lake, I love the giant, grassy field next to it, and I love bringing our labs here to play and swim.  They are soooo tired when we leave, too.  I just wish we lived closer, otherwise we would be visiting every day : )
5	Love taking our dogs here. Clean and well kept. Get here early on Sat & Sun mornings to avoid the crowd.
2	Very beautiful park and great for puppies who love to run and play in the water. However this is not a place for small dogs. The larger breeds that go there are aggressive and to make it worse have careless owners. I took my two small dogs there Thursday morning and my weenie dog who is very gentle and great with other dogs was cornered and was being held down by the neck. No other owners were helping me get their dogs off of mine. Needless to say we will not be going back and will not suggest this park to others who want a safe environment for their babies.
4	Best dog park ive been to in AZ ,i've only been to 3 but still. This is my girls (GSD) absolute favorite place. They have 3 obstacle courses and a lot of room to run. Most of the time there are nice dogs there but sometimes you get your rowdy ones. Its funny the Rowdy ones parents are usually never close by and when they are they choose not to do anything for the longest time. Besides that this place is great fun, after my 4 legged kid has her fun I take my 2 legged kids to the play area. Definitely recommend
5	This is an awesome dog park. We have a Jack Russell so we stayed in the small doggie area. Puddles (our dog) had a blast! She ran and played with a variety of little ones. She lasted about two hours and she decided that was enough fun for the day.  Great area for big dogs w/a pond in it. (Most of the owners seem to be responsible today.) I would highly recommend taking your doggie to Cosmo Dog Park!
4	Maybe some grass would be nice....After all it has been atleast 3 years since there has been any grass  in the big dog section of the park.
3	Let me preface this review by saying this could be the best dog park in all of the valley. Keyword there is COULD. The park has everything a dog would want in a park. Giant spaces to run around in and a pond to swim and dive into. Cosmo has 3 different areas. One for small dogs, one for active dogs which is a huge fenced in area and then a separate area where there is a pond to swim in. The small dog area seems to be the best. It is full of grass and has a place to get water and also hose off your dog. The other 2 areas have issues though. The active dog area is a gigantic space. Unfortunately the majority of this space is covered with dirt and mud. There are 3 different obstacles for the dogs to use. I would like to see them put some more in since it is such an open area. The pond area is actually pretty nice except for the water. Most of the area is gravel which works well for all the wet dogs. Cuts down on the mud also. The water however is not something I would go into. It is a pond so the water is just sitting there getting dirtier and dirtier. I'm sure they have some filtration system in place but it does not do the job. My dog went in the water and had diarrhea the next day. I am pretty certain it was the water since other dog owners have had the same problem.  All 3 areas have a doggie wash which is the best thing for this place since your dog will be filthy after only a few minutes.So what does this dog park need?More grass, more trees, more agility obstacles. Better maintenance and better filtration on the water. Oh and the other dog owners are awesome at this place. Very attentive with their dogs.
3	Today was my first time visiting this park. My initial impression was mixed. Some thought was put into the design of the park, it has plenty of interesting things for you and your dog to experience. My other impression was it was fairly chaotic, plenty of ill mannered pets who's owners idea of controlling them is limited to yelling  "hey, stop that". When four or more are out of control it's an interesting choir. The grounds where well laced with dog crap. Unless you plan to stay in one clean spot, wear your old tennis.
4	So it's NYE and it's my friends birthday, lucky gal I say, it's an always guarantee party for her bday! And we were talking about taking her dog Jack out for walk or something on New Year day , so between the time we talked to the time we met up I thought hey why not take her to this dog park my dog owning friends have raved about , so off to Cosmo Dog Park we went!1st impression, man if I was a dog I'd be in heaven!  They have areas for the dogs to go into the water, a smaller area for the smaller dogs & a bigger area for the rest of the dogs that like to play and run! Jack, that's my friends dog, he wasn't that impressed with the water area, but he doesn't even like getting in the pool so the odds of jumping in that manmade lake were slim, but took Jack into the bigger dog area and he loosened up a bit, checked out the perimeter of the area, came back to report to us.  Then we took him into the area for the smaller dogs, don't tell Jack, but that's really his size haha and he seemed bored by that pin, so I have say the bigger area was a win for him!Only thing that was a little iky was its not very clean in the bigger dog area that pet owners do not pick up after their pets, land mines everywhere, watch your step!
4	Overall this is a nice well kept park. It has a basketball court and a little play ground. And the parking lot seems small, but I've never had any issues finding parking.For dogs: a large fenced area, a large pond area for the doggies, and also a smaller fenced area for timid dogs. If you're in the area it's a nice place bring your pooch. My only gripe is the people who come here. There are various types of owners from bad attitude with bad dogs to good owners and good dogs to owners who have a dog and don't know how to act at a dog park. Usually when it's crowded "owners" are on good behavior.Bottom line: it's a great park, but some days you'll get owners who will ruin the trip for you and your dog. Would give it 3.5 if I could.
4	I'm writing this based on the park alone. Not the people and pets that attend it.The dog park is fantastic and has 3 fenced in section. area 1 is for smaller and more timid dogs. area 2 is a large dog run with a couple dog courses large.  I have been there when there have been easily 20-30 dogs and while there is a lot of commotion it is large enough for pets to roam with little concern.  Area 3 is a large pond with a pebbled beach with a cement dock for gaming dogs to jump into the pond if they wish.  The water is shallow for about 3 feet until it drops off. For being in the middle of the desert this is the best dog park.  Not everyone cleans up after their pet even though there are numerous clean up stations around the park.  The lake does have an agitator in the middle, so it's not free standing water, but I don't believe the water is very sanitary. My only major complaint with the park would be the pond not having a better filtration system.  I don't expect pristine pool water for a public park, but it would be nice to have a more natural water cleaning system.  Also the pond is NOT fenced in. If your dog swims around the fenced area or to the other side (not that far of a swim) he/she can take off with a rather busy street not to far off.    The necessary precautions are taken place and it was built with the idea that you have control of your pet. MAKE SURE YOUR DOG IS VACCINATED!!  I can not emphasis this strongly enough.   One of my 3 dogs has contracted the Parvo virus from either this park or the vets office.  Which is a deadly and expensive virus. Just because you are a good dog owner and take precautions doesn't mean that others do the same.
4	This is the biggest dog park I've ever seen, and that equates to one pooped pup after 45 minutes!(Your mileage may vary, unless your dog also has the mindset of "Omg, dog park! Omg, new friends, chase me, chase me!")There's a lake, as mentioned by others, with a cute little dock area and even the nice touch of a hose area to rinse your dog off, so he doesn't smell like rancid fish. Lots of retrievers were diving in after balls!  My dog is not a fan of water (okay, let's be blunt, he's kind of a priss who won't even go out in the grass when it's wet) but he sat and watched the others; guess they were having so much fun, he *wished* he was a little more hardcore and could join.I liked the small/timid area they had, perfect for small dogs who are terrified of getting trampled by the big boys. My only negative point is that when someone said "Disneyland for dogs", I pictured colorful, agility-style equipment. Nay, it is but a block A-frame and a concrete Z-type shape of bars to go up stairs and walk across. Not as exciting as I thought. Also, I know everyone doesn't like to include the other owners in reviews, but they contribute to the experience. I had a Dreadlocked Stoner Dude's big-ass dog blindside Nately out of nowhere (on leash, walking to the entrance) and pin him to the fence, snarling. The DSD just said "Hur hur hur, that's funny" and pulled his dog onwards. Uh, apology please?  I also didn't care for the woman who kept commenting loudly about how skinny my pup is - trust me lady, he gets PLENTY to eat, mind your own beeswax. At least he can still get up the steps of the Z-shaped thing...
3	This dog park is heavily used. The water feature for water dogs is really cool but it does not seem like people pick up after their dogs much. Boo, lots of poo!
2	I have reviewed Cosmo before, but will weigh in now for the new people coming on Yelp to find out more about this park.  Sorry this is long, but these tips come from YEARS of experience with this park and could potentially save you and your dog from a lot of trouble.1.  DO NOT BRING young dogs who have not completed all their vaccinations to this or any other dog park.  We had to put down two of our dogs because they contracted PARVO from this park, one was 8 mo. old and HAD completed all his shots, but it takes awhile for the immunity to kick in.  2.  DON'T let your dog roll around in the grass...one of our dogs did and brought home an infestation of ticks which took a long time to eradicate.  Now if we take our dog swimming at the park, we give him a tick bath with tick shampoo before we leave and keep him out of the GRASS on the way back to the car.  We haven't seen ticks since we started the tick baths.3.  AGGRESSIVE DOGS or dogs that are not well socialized should not be brought to any dog park.  There are WAY TOO MANY owners at this dog park who bring dogs that have no business being around other dogs.  Don't expect other owners to tolerate your dog nipping at, chasing down, or bullying their dogs, they shouldn't have to put up with it.  I actually had a pit bull owner tell me that I should roll my dog over and submit to his dog so that he would stop attacking him..I told him he'd best leave the park.4.  There is a cement ramp for dogs to run and launch themselves into the lake.  FAR TOO OFTEN adults and children STAND ON THE RAMP to watch their dogs, or throw their dogs in the water.  I can't tell you how many times people have been knocked into the lake by dogs running by them trying to follow a ball into the water.  It would be best IF HUMANS STAYED OFF THE RAMPWAY.  IT is annoying when your dog is fetching to wait for you to get out of the way...and you are risking injury as dogs don't watch for you as they are chasing something into the water...5.  In regards to throwing dogs off the ramp into the water to "teach them how to jump or swim", IF A DOG IS TIMID of water, THROWING THEM IN is not the best way to introduce them to swimming and in fact often makes them HATE the water.  Best to let them go in gradually and work up to JUMPING IN...our retriever learned to launch off the ramp by watching other dogs launching off the end, not by us throwing him in.  He eventually starting following his ball into the water...just a tip.6.  This park is notorious for people leaving their dogs waste everywhere, which is sad, because it ruins the park for everyone else.  PLEASE WATCH YOUR PET and pick up after it.7.  BEWARE OF RUNNING DOGS.  IF you are standing in the park and see dogs running toward you, just know, they might not stop, best to watch for them and be ready to move out of their way...I have met numerous people who have had broken bones and had to have expensive surgeries from being thrown up in the air by dogs running right into them.  Keep a look out...be ready to move.  Some people stand around chatting and aren't aware that they might be in danger from a pack of dogs running headlong into their path...dogs really don't watch where they are going when they are chasing each other and having fun.8. Small dogs are safer when kept in the small/timid dog area. Too often I have seen small dogs attacked and injured by larger dogs.  It would be nice if all big dogs were nice to little ones, but that is just not the case, and by the time the big dog attacks the little one, it is too late to stop major damage from happening.  ALSO, SMALL DOGS DRESSED UP CUTE IN CLOTHING might look cute to you, but to a big dog, it looks like an animated CHEW TOY!  Don't put your small dogs in harms way by making them look like something they are not.  Also, you might think it is cute that your little dog is running up and barking in big dog's faces, but inevitably the big dog will tire of it and lash out if you don't make it stop.  Trust me, can't tell you how many times the owner of a little dog will laugh and think it's so funny until the big down takes their dog down for a whooping and then they act like the little dog was the victim...watch your dog...if it is annoying anyone make it stop.9.  IF your dog likes humping other dogs...be courteous and make it stop..other dogs don't take kindly to being dominated in that way.10.  If you follow some simple rules, the park can be a great experience for you and your dog...just know there are risks and be prepared for such.
3	Really big dog park with a rocky pond area, grassy area, and small dog/timid dog area.  The pond area had greenish water that looked pretty unappealing.  However, if you have a large dog that loves to play in the water, it's not a bad option for letting your dog jump in and swim around.  My dog personally has a fit when it starts drizzling outside, so he wasn't too thrilled with the water area.  The grassy area was fairly large, but there is one large bench area for shade vs. scattered benches and trees as I've seen at other parks.  As for the small dog area, it was very simple.  Just a small fenced-in area with grass. The small dog/timid dog area at the Shawnee Bark Park is more shaded, and larger. In general, this is probably a good park for your dogs to play if they are bigger, love to play in the water, and are pretty friendly, but for shy, timid, small dogs that prefer more shade and a more relaxed atmosphere, this is probably not for them.
4	Cosmo is a fun park for our pups.The dog park itself consists of three areas and my two huge Golden Retrievers happily make use of both the Swim area and the larger dog run. We've been bringing them here for several years (the dog park was often a highlight of our visits from Vegas when we still lived out of state) and while I still love the park, there was definitely a time when it was in better shape. Currently, the larger dog run areas are not grassy at all - they are gravel/dirt and this means that when you decide to go to the dog park, you're committing to a dusty, messy experience. My pups don't mind, but my clothes and car usually do :) That said, the dock on the lake is a source of endless amusement for my swimmers, and the sheer size of the dry area means that they can run and run to their hearts' content, burning off all of that excess energy and buying me a few hours of rest before they are bugging me for yet another walk :) They love to socialize with the other dogs at the park and enjoy chasing balls (even the ones that aren't thrown for their benefit) There is one small pavilion area in the main section, and sometimes it is a bit frustrating that owners let their dogs loose and then hang out in the pavilion instead of supervising their pooches. That said, I have yet to experience any truly bad doggy behavior at this park, so it is really just a matter of preference and I'm aware that not everyone's going to do what I think is best! We appreciate having such a wonderful park nearby to enjoy.
4	This is a fun park for dogs, but not humans.  People don't pick up after their dog, the water is really dirty and some of the owners freak out if two dogs bark at each other.  It just depends when you go sometimes you meet really nice people and other times you just want to grab your dog and leave right away.
3	You arrive at the park. From the higher elevation of the street you first notice the huge size of the park and a sparkling lake.You pull up and park, unloading your dog and walk down the hill to the sidewalk. It leads to the fenced areas. You notice some dogs plunging into the water.Scenario 1: (Big Dogs)You enter the gate to the entry section and decide that you want to check out the beach part because it looks so fun and your dog loves water.Two times that I've been here I've seen puppies less than 10 weeks old!Do NOT bring your puppy under 4 months or risk the VERY HIGH CHANCE of the dog getting sick.You also may see an aggressive dog or two come growl and maybe try to attack your dog. The owner may try and assure you that the dog just wants to play an wont hurt yours. The snarling, pulled back teeth and stiff body sure says that. Or the owner won't be anywhere around.The water is not as bad as some people say, and there really isn't that much poop. People tend to exaggerate.One side of the lake does not have a fence so if your dog swims he/she can get out of the park and into the busy traffic very easily. Make sure your dog comes when called.There are tennis balls all over the shore for your use. I would never go into the lake, but it's clean enough for dogs.The agility section is very very large. The beach seems to be more popular. You take your dog and he or she may chase after tennis balls being thrown all over.You may run into someone rude who will criticize your dog for not being as good at the agility course.Scenario 2: (SMALL DOGS)You decide to take your dog to the little grassy area labeled for small or timid dogs. It may be empty or you will meet one or two others.The wash station is nice, and the field is grassy, but your back yard is bigger and your dog quickly is bored.Conclusion: Cosmo is a fun park with lots to do. Most of the problems come from owner negligence. Poop isn't as bad as some make it out to be and you only meet aggressive dogs one out of maybe four times.Worth a trip or two to see if it works specifically for you and your pooch.
3	I was wrestling back and forth on giving this place 3 or 4 stars before reviewing...but I feel the park has seen better days.I've been bringing my pups here off and on for several years, and they always have a great time. They're both mild mannered German Shepherds that love the water, so they utilize the dry play area as well as the pond area and we always get good use out of the place.Sure, the dry play area is less grass-more dirt because of the high traffic at the park, but I feel that can and will happen at any busy park so I can't knock Cosmo for that. What knocked this place to three stars is the pond quality. As I said before, I've been bringing my dogs here for years but when I went this last Saturday I was really put off by the condition of the water, I have never seen it that bad. There were blankets of green moss-type stuff floating around the edge of the water in several frequented spots of the pond, and while my dogs couldn't care less I tried to keep them away from it as much as possible, but that was easier said than done given that it was all over the place. Finally, I decided that it was best we hung out in the dry area since I didn't want to chance them getting sick (something I've heard several owners say happened to their pooches). My younger GSD has thrown up a few times since, and while I don't know for sure, I feel that maybe he got sick from the pond water too.I do understand that this is a man made pond that gets heavy usage, and that filtering the water to keep it relatively clean is difficult, if not impossible. But given its current state, there has got to be something more than can be done to improve on the condition. The moss/mold/whatever could easily be removed with a vinyl net on a pole like the ones people use to fish debris out of residential swimming pools for starters.Overall, a decent park with decent people that is good for getting you and your dog exercise, but I advise you use extreme caution if you decide to utilize the pond area in any capacity.
5	My puppy loves this place! She has so much energy and I can hardly keep up with her so this is a great outlet for her. Extra points for it being walking distance!
3	I love that there is a huge area to run and a nice place to swim. My reason for lack of 5 stars is 1.  Owners fault for never picking up their dogs poop so it's everywhere & 2. For never having green grass. It's always dead and trampled. I've been to many dog parks that are able to maintain the grass. But other then that it's a great space for dogs to roam & swim. I know our dogs love it and don't seem to mind the 2 complaints I have :)
1	I have two 6 month old boarder collies and there was two pitbulls that were picking on them and I told the owner to control their dogs after the first fight broke out. They said dogs fight and that its risk that I enter into going into a dog park. These are the type of people that enjoy dog fights and throwing them out of windows on the US 60. I won't be returing to this place there is no grass the water pond smells terrible. I know the water isn't standing but do they ever drain out the water and replace it? Also the only part that is covered in grass is the small dog area and I have two dogs that love to run so that area is not a consideration.
5	Great dog park! We bring our German Shepherd here almost every weekend and we've always had a wonderful experience. It's a little hot in the summer, so it would be nice to have some misters, but everything else is incredible here.
5	By far the best dog park in AZ.  My dog loved it here and the lake is a great addition for those dogs that love the water.  It's big enough to keep to yourself, but also has some obstacle courses to run your pet through.
1	Packed with dog....duh....but even more....ignorant owners. No turfMuddy when wetThere is a nice dog part literally right around the corner. They have actually drinking fountains for the dogs, and it's rarely crowded.
5	Great dog park with three seperate areas including a small obstacle course on one side! It definitely gets muddy near the water but that's expected. Not a ton of shade so go early during the summer. I would recommend bringing a dog dish from home for the water hose since it's hit and miss on extra bowls. Never had an issue and there is always parking and restroom facilities for us humans! This is a MUST DO if your dog likes to swim or play catch in the water!
4	As the owner of A+ Pet Sitters of Arizona I come here quite often to let my dog play and meet potential clients. I would give this place 5 stars if it weren't for some of the visitors bringing aggressive dogs. It doesn't happen too often but It's an annoyance for those just trying to enjoy their pets. Otherwise I love this park because of the variety of things it offers and the majority of people are extremely nice.
4	I really like this park,  there is really nothing else like it in the valley. It has some great water features for dogs that like to swim,  and plenty of open areas for them to run and play.   Our dog really loves the doggie play stairs (not sure what to call them,  check out my pic) and socializing with all the other dogs.  Only issue is lack of grass in the common area,  hope they plant more soon.
5	My dog loves the park.  Fountains and water. Butt smelling. What more could you ask for!
2	As dog parks go, this one probably needs a little work. First, it's massive. I think dogs tend to be more social in tighter spaces. Mine tend to wander if left with enough real estate. Second, it's just dirty. The grass tends to be dead, or brown, there is dirt everywhere, it's just not a peaceful, beautiful environment like most dog parks I've visited. The lake lends itself to making the area much better than it would be without it, but it still lacks something. There are many areas for dogs and it's hard to tell which one will be most suitable because it isn't uniform: small dogs here, big dogs there, mixed up, no one knows, crazy. It's just not as nice as other ones, but people seem to love it. I think it's an excellent place for larger dogs that love water, it definitely is awesome to see them play. I just wish it were a nicer place for smaller dogs that don't like water, dirt or big dogs.
4	I love this park, but I wish there were more grass. I'm sure it's difficult to keep the grass alive as it's so popular, but still, maybe more maintenance could help a bit. There is a timid dog area and an area for non-timid dogs. This has been great for my dogs as one is a bit more timid than the other. It's huge, so my not very social dog can wander around the edges hunting for bugs or whatever he thinks is there while my other very social dog runs with the pack. One of my dogs picked up giardia once, but I'm sure every dog park has that issue as ignorant owners will continue to bring their sick dogs to the park. I just make sure to bring our own dog water bottle so they don't drink out of the community water anymore. For the most part the park is clean, but occasionally some jerk owner won't pick up the poop so it's not perfect.My only irritation are the owners who bring their small children. Dog parks are not a place for small kids. I want my dog to run and play without hesitation and my super friendly dog gets easily excited around children and the parents get all angry. There are play places outside the fences where children can play. If your kid can't handle big dogs, don't bring them. I was very shocked when one person brought their baby in an open stroller. Then they got all sorts of angry when dogs approached them. Um...you're at a dog park, if you don't want dogs approaching your kids, don't bring them. Anyway, rant over. So just realize there will be mud and dirt so your car will get dirty. Also, the lake is nice for dogs that like to swim, just be cautious about infectious diseases.
4	Simply put, my dog had an amazing time here. Reaper had plenty of room to play with the other dogs and most of the dogs/owners were very friendly. There wasn't much grass and the lake was a little gross but I cannot wait to take him to Cosmo again.
4	ATTN YELPERS: KNOW DOG BEHAVIOR BEFORE COMPLAINING ABOUT THE PARK ITSELF.  I taken my pitbull puppy Julius Caeser and spinster lab/pit mix Marleydog here several times this summer, as soon as my baby boy completed his round of shots. It has been great during the summer months to let them enjoy the water feature to blow off steam while staying cool. The park as a whole is quite nice, and the dog park is split into thirds, one being a smaller, nicely grassed section available for those with ankle-biters. The water feature area is gravelly to avoid excessive mud but has no grass, which is understandable as it would be extremely difficult to maintain. There's also a very large area with rudimentary agility obstacles for dogs to scamper over, and plenty of space for large galloping breeds.OWNERS: For most breeds, play-fighting/posturing and some growling is normal. Bullying and aggressive growling and biting is not. People soil themselves over my floppy puppy chasing their dog around growling like a blissfully happy goon, and then 2 minutes later try and chastise ME/my dog for when i yank their aggressive adult mutt off my baby when they pin him into a corner and attack him. Same goes for ankle-biter owners. Keep your vicious little bundle of your personal issues away from my well adjusted, well trained dogs. NOTE: Cosmos seems to be heavier on the large-breed side of the equation so the small dog attacks are less frequent.OBSERVATIONS: It would be nice if the large play area could be managed in a way that allows more grass to stay alive. I understand it is well used, just would be a nice bonus to a great park.  The water is pretty nasty, which i know is mostly unavoidable without excess expense, but would be nice if there were a way to improve it a wee bit.KIDS: If your kid weighs less than most dogs here, or needs to be carried, dont bring him to a dog park. If under 10, they should be well versed in how to deal with dogs. Getting bowled over by dogs, jumped on, etc is to be expected and prepared for. TL;DR: Park is great and has only water feature in area. Dogs will be dogs and people are stupid. Upkeep grass/water might use a wee improvement if poss. Be realistic about your dogs/kids
2	I was very disappointed in this dog park. Sure it has a pond for the dogs to go in and swim which is a plus but the whole area is gravel and hardly any shade. People raved about this location so I drove 35 min to check it out and the big dog area was not accessible due to construction, the water looked nasty and there was dog throw up in multiple spots! I won't be returning to this dog park.
5	This is the place to go with your furry friend!! they have a lake, a fire hydrant watering pool, obstacle course, a marsh, giant steps ( ampitheater ). this is a great park all around.
4	This is the nicest dog park I have ever seen. My husband said doggie park" to my in laws dog, and she understood and got really excited before getting there. And I saw why she was so excited when we got there. This dog park has a large pond for the dogs to swim and get in to play around. There is also plenty of land for them to run around on. Owners were playing fetch with their dogs and the dogs get to roam free and have a blast chasing each other. There is also a smaller fence area for miniature dogs if you don't wish to mix them in with the bigger dogs. After your dog is done running around there is an area to rinse them off before u leave as well. The only reason I give this place a four us because some owners didn't pick up after their dogs and you have to be careful where you step. And the places to get poop bags were also oddly located. Otherwise a very nice doggy play time!
3	This is a huge park! I really like the size and room available for my pups to run around. It's almost a little confusing with how many chambers there are for canines. The lake is pretty cool too, of course my dogs would never dare get in however. The cons: on a Sunday at 4:30 there were a lot of riffraff folk and young children yelling and running after pups. With the wind blowing it smells putrid but I do like that there are bags and for those environmentally friendly folk a broom and dust pan
3	The park itself is fine, there's a few large areas and some agility builds for the dogs to play on, but the people who come here...eek! Every time we go there is someone letting their dog bully others and it leads to tension, arguments, and people screaming as they leave the park. I wish it was better managed or people understood how their dogs interacted with others. The park works when we just want to let Lucy run around but we typically end up leaving within half an hour because of the people.
4	While visiting from California we brought our two Labs here for a visit.  WOW, best dog park we've ever been to. Our dogs had a ball.  I've taken off one star because of dog poop outside the fenced dog area. Shame on those rude owners who think they don't need to pick up after their dogs when no one is watching.
5	This is a wonderful park for people to bring their dogs to.  There are plenty of things for a dog to do - swim in the pond, obstacle courses.  There are several fenced in areas where you can take your dogs to mingle with other dogs or to play - let them off the leash and play.  There are ponds and the theme is dog, so throughout the park, there are concrete pavings and things that designate this is for dogs.Eli, one of the groundskeeper has been a staple at the Gilbert Parks for years.  He and Vincent are my two favorite groundskeepers.  I always love running into Eli and remember years ago when my daughter had a mishap on her bike, he was quick to lend his assistance to make sure my daughter was alright.This park is well maintained, clean and not strewn with garbage.  He helps makes this park safe for me and is always looking out for me.  I see him mingling and greeting the guests of the park, as like others, have become friends with him.This park is smaller than Discovery, but it's neatly tucked between the canal and Agratopia.  There is also a path that runs along the freeway for quite a ways.  This is the nicest dog park I've seen yet and I just love walking here and doing my exercises here when I get the chance.
3	No grass, just dirt and the "lake" (pond) is pretty gross in summer.  Not sure about the water quality.  It's great they have a hose available to wash your dog off.  I don't ever see dogs on the large concrete structures- my dog's won't go on them at all.  I'd like to see a lot more shrubbery (Sage and fountain grass would be good) for the dogs to sniff around.  All the dog parks are pretty boring if your dog isn't a player.
5	My doggies and I absolutely love coming to this park.  I have small dogs, so I like that they have a separate fenced in area for the little guys.  The big dog area is enormous and fun to watch the retrievers and such go after balls in the water, but it gets a little rowdy over there at times.  It's a great social activity for pets and pet parents.  Glad to have this available for us to use.
