4	Had a wonderful meal tonight with my wife. Wendy's has now been opened for a week. Funny thing is that we didn't order any noodle dishes. Here is what we had: Chicken wings for an appetizer Cube Beef with Rice Baked Pork Chop over Rice Mango Tapioca for dessert The rice dishes come with soup of the day. The soup of the day is a Chinese home style rib broth which we often crave. Not your typical Egg Flower soup that Westerners seem to like. This is Chinese home style. The chicken wings were deep fried in a very light batter sprinkled with dried garlic and some chili peppers. Very tasty but the wings were a bit on the small side. The Baked Pork Chop and Cube Beef dishes are very tasty. My favorite was the fried rice that came with the Pork Chop entree. The Cubed Beef was very tender and juicy. The one thing I wished they would have on the menu is a Hong Kong cafe style baked pork chop over spaghetti dish or other style of baked pastas that you find in Hong Kong style cafes in LA. If you are going to have the word "Noodle" in your name, I would expect more noodle type offerings.Finally, for the dessert, we had the Mango Tapioca. It came with several chunks of mangoes, but was strangely laced with grapefruit. I am not a big fan of sweet and bitter desserts. I will be bringing my parents here for our Sunday lunch. EDIT: Brought my parents for Sunday lunch. Items ordered: Tomato Beef Noodle Hammered Chicken with Rice Steamed Chicken with Rice BBQ Pork with Rice. Egg custard for dessert. Dad wasn't too happy with his noodle, but that is just his personal subjective opinion because he just likes the more traditional style where tomatoes are not used. Also, the noodle wasn't served piping hot. The two chicken rice dishes were good. HOWEVER, we were very disappointed in the BBQ Pork over Rice dish. The BBQ Pork was not fresh and was a bit dry; what a disappointment to an otherwise wonderful first time experience. I'll still keep it a 4-star because the service is excellent and the complimentary soup with rice dishes is still a favorite.
5	Great food at a really nice price.Went there about a month after opening and went back again 2 days later.I've had  - noodles with XO sauce (really outstanding despite my being a meat lover and it being meatless), beef stew noodles (tomato based stew with nice braised beef and chewy egg noddles), steamed dumplings (pretty good), and potstickers (not really great compared to other places).My friend said the egg custard was wonderful and her mother enjoyed the Mango Tapioca.And the prices are really great here.  I'm not really one to care about how much a restaurant costs...but it's nice to look at your bill and feel you got a great deal.  Highly recommended place.
4	Another Chinese restaurant joins us in Vegas - it's pretty modern in there with nice furniture and all.Came in a little after 10 pm, and after taking a seat, peanuts and hot tea arrived shortly.The Husband ordered Wonton with Egg Noodles ($5.95) - pretty standard with some greens.  Can't go too wrong with that.I ordered the Assorted Vegetable Chow Fun ($6.50), and specifically asked for it to be done 'dry-style'.  However, when it arrived, it came out 'wet-style'.  They didn't have a problem changing it though, thank goodness.  (Which always worries me about sending food back at Asian restaurants.)  I appreciated that there were actual vegetables in it - broccoli, carrots, straw mushrooms, etc.  Sometimes when I order chow fun 'vegetarian', they just don't add the beef which means you end up with only onions and beansprouts (and you pay the same price).  So, I thought it was a decent size portion for chow fun too, and the noodles were not glued together (which means they took the time to really loosen them up).Overall, it was a good experience.  A bit pricey for what we got and they did come around and ask if we wanted more tea.Their menu has a bunch of Asian desserts - however the pictures on the menu don't exactly much what's on there...which makes me not sure exactly what they offer.  There's also a section on the menu called "French Style Rice Platter" that offers things like 'Hammered Chicken with Rice' and 'Shrimp with Lemon Grass Kabob with Rice'.  3.5 stars.
4	We went for a late-afternoon lunch and were impressed by the charm and service! It's annoying to be snubbed by servers just because we don't look Asian (we're both mixed), and we were happy to be welcomed here. We accidentally ordered too many fried dishes (did not know the chicken was fried...); our server was kind and offered to suggest meals for us in the future. 1. Red Bean Delight: yummy sweet drink with red beans and jelly. Somewhat like che ba mau, but less colorful.2. Shanghai Dumplings: delicious, hot dumplings that are a little soupy inside.3. Sweet Potato Fries w/ Black Sesame: cute take on sliced sweet potatoes.4. Salt & Pepper Calamari: not bad, not exceptional. just fine.5. Hammered Chicken w/ Rice: the chicken was better than our expectations, but the rice was different (made with tomatoes). It came with steamed vegetables, which were both things we didn't care for.Overall, the good score comes from the atmosphere + service + Red Bean + Dumplings. Their menu is unique, e.g. spaghetti, and because of the affordable prices, you can try many dishes.
4	Great place to get good chinese food. The prices look very reasonable but then again...portions are a bit on the smaller side. We had to order one additional dish to get our tummies filled but all in all it was a great experience. Will definetly be back.
4	Stumbled in hungry and needing to refuel before I grocery shop with the BF. Ordered a crispy pork sandwich with sweet potato fries and singapore noodles. Had Hong kong lemon tea to drink which reminded me of growing up- still a favorite nostalgia of mine and they dont skimp on fresh lemons in it, it had half a lemon to muddle. Also served us complimentary hot tea in normal tall glasses which get kinda hot.Crispy pork was okay- BF didnt like it but it was fatty which I love and kinda reminds me of street food sandwiches in Philippines. Fries are okay. Now the Singapore noodles made me happy- they were the right flavors and nicely cooked. I've tried at a few Chinese spots around Chinatown and was kinda disappointed. The problem is I've find a lot of places get this either too dry or too greasy, not enough curry flavor. This was yummy and I will come back even simply for this. It was very authentic to what I remember it to taste like in Hong Kong and what friends parents have cooked at home. It was like $7....only other place with comparable noodles (so far) is Noodles Asia in Venetian which cost double the price for the location. I will come here instead.The service is surprising. Now I love Asian food but usually you get served fast and left alone unless you wave for something. Here, they serve food fast, check on you, refill your drinks. Our server was such a sweet lady and the owner came by to ask how everything is. I appreciate the little things specially out of a Asian food establishment as most seriously are not the most attentive unless you're chummy talking to the server in their native language. I'm Asian and I think it's just the "thing" cuz I get pretty much the same service in Asia except the high end establishments where they are lavishly attentive like youre king. Here, they got the happy medium down and I'm pleasantly pleased and surprised.Glad this opened up by 168 market. With the prices fair and the service good I feel like I'm getting a great deal....We will come back!
5	Another place that our uncle recommended.  Stopped in for a late lunch / early dinner.  Had the claypot rice with preserved meats.  It was pretty good, they separate the meats and veggies from the rice.  I was not used to that.  I like it when they cook the meat on top of the rice so that the oils and juices flows to the bottom and lets the rice crust up.  Over all it was a good place.  Clean and the staff was friendly.  Good place to go for a quick bite.
5	Came back for lunch with BF and took his mom and grandma. His mom isnt too fond of Chinese food, but Grandma is Indonesian and loves her Asian foods and has been craving some Chinese for a while. Grandma got BBQ Pork Rice plate- very good actually. Pork was juicy and nicely spiced. We all want to order the BBQ Pork here again.  Rice plates usually come with some steamed veggie as well. Mom got a Chicken Chow Mein- she likes this and it was pretty good. BF and I got Beef Cubes with Pepper Sauce with Tomato Rice and Pork and Mushroom E-Fu Noodles.We all kinda shared the plates and it was all very good. Finally a place with E-Fu noodles too....though there are other favorite noodle dishes I have now E-Fu was a childhood dish that takes me back and will be always a comfort food staple for me. They had hoisin at the table and I love that and hot sauce on my E-Fu, server found it kinda funny and mentioned "most people don't know about Hoisin". Haha I think it's cuz I'm with white people and I dont look Chinese. My half siblings are Chinese I explained so I grew up with Chinese cooking in my home. The Beef cubes was nice and tender and the tomato rice was a nice touch. They had a special with 99cent Milk or Thai Ice Teas and the milk tea was pretty good that BF and I had two of them. We also got a Fresh Fruit Napoleon which was fresh cooked Phyllo they stacked with cream and fruit and had extra fruit on the side. It was a good and light dessert to end it. Overall, I'm super happy to bring the in laws to a place they loved. Major major kudos for churning out food that even my mom in law can get into and thats no easy feat when it comes to Asian cuisine. This was one of the first times my mom in law said  that she absolutely would be happy to come back with no complains being dragged to Asian food. Service is always good here and authentic Hong Kong style food so I think we will be regulars here.UPDATE 4/24 Mom and Grandma have gone back here- on their own, TWICE! They like when we introduce them to new spots, but have never gone off to get stuff at any of the spots without us. It makes me happy they found a place they like after two years of shuffling them to different Asian joints.The staff is getting familiar with us and are really sweet. I really appreciate the homey feel from nostalgic food and caring service. Mom & Grandma asked if we can eat here again with them today- it still is consistently good. They took out their Singapore Noodles though! Those were delicious! Too bad...but at least I still got my comforting E-Fu.UPDATE 5/21 Went with the BF, his mom and grandma again. We noticed Singapore noodles weren't on the menu and so we asked about them today and they said they can make it anyways and to just ask! If they have the ingredients- they will make any kind of popular dish. Yay! Grandma and Mom keep wanting to come back for the same thing, but we're slowly pulling them out of getting into "routines". They loved the Singapore Noodles, and surprisingly more than the E-Fu noodles. Also- the host recognized me from my review and wanted to thank me for writing something up and for coming in on the regular. I really respect that and it only makes them a better restaurant. A big part of having a following isn't just good food- it's about service and being personal and caring.  This is the family's favorite spot.6/11 Went for lunch and tried the curry duck. Pretty decent curry base, just messy to eat a duck leg/thigh on bone. Eggrolls- ok, a bit mushy filling, but good ginger garlicky flavor.
2	My friend was in town to visit and we decided to give this place a try.  We got there before 8 pm and it wasn't busy, but there was quite a few tables that were occupied.  I looked at what the others were eating and it looked interesting.  The portions being served were a decent size.   My friend was a little skeptical of the restaurant serving HK style dishes because the menu had a wide range of dishes that were not HK style dishes.  Quite a few Chiu Chow style dishes.  But being a former HKer, of course we had to order the HK style dishes to test out if they are indeed HK style.  My friend ordered the French style beef cubes with black pepper sauce and rice.  I ordered the baked pork chop rice with tomato sauce and cheese on top.  We also ordered sweet potato fries with black sesame.  We shared all the dishes together.  The sweet potato fries were quite good.  They dipped them in a light batter before frying and it fried up very nice and crispy.  Unfortunately this was the best dish of the night.  The French style beef cube rice tasted okay, where was the black pepper sauce though.  I wouldn't called it excellent. The beef was soft and tasty.  The rice was stir fried with a little tomato paste and instead of asparagus, they use baby bok choy.  Two things we didn't like about this dish.  First, there wasn't enough rice on the plate.  If I was to have this dish all to myself, I wouldn't be full.  Second, the presentation of the rice was horrible.  It was just scattered on one side of the plate.  To make it more presentable, they should have scooped the rice into a bowl before turning it over onto the plate.As for the baked pork chop rice, it was definitely not HK style.  When the waiter brought the dish over, I was surprised that it wasn't in a ceramic bowl .  HK style baked pork chop rice is baked inside the oven with everything in the ceramic bowl.  Also, the fried rice was missing the celery which is the major ingredient in making it a true HK style dish.  Lastly the tomato based sauce was too sour.  We were quite disappointed.  My friend also had the Iced Thai milk tea.  For a buck you can't go wrong.Ok, here is my final review.  The best dish that we ordered was the sweet potato fries.  The other main course dishes were not up to par.
3	I've been craving a good Baked Pork Chop Over Rice but this was not it. There was a lot of fried rice. They did not use enough eggs in the fried rice and the peas were not boiled first and were hard. They should have put more pork chop since there was so much rice. The staff was super nice. I was offered tea or water by two different people as I waited for my order. The place is clean and has a big lcd playing chinese karaoke. I will definitely come back and try some of their other dishes!
5	If you are looking for a good bargain, this is definitely the place to be. The snacks they have there are really good and so worth the price! I personally think the grilled chicken wings and the pan fried cake squares are super yummy. If you are really looking for a full on meal that will be more than enough, the noodle bowls will most definitely fill you up for sure. They can sometimes be a little bland but overall it is still pretty good. There is also a curry duck noodle bowl there that has amazing curry. Oh, and always always save room for the Wendy's delicious dessert.  The shaved ice there is SO good. They have so much on the shaved ice such as mango and a great variety of fruits and different toppings. The dessert drinks are also good. Like root beer floats? Like coffee? AWESOME! then you should try their coffee with a scoop of vanilla ice cream (I promise you cannot go wrong with it) What I like most about this place? Wendy's super friendly and excellent customer service and the creativity they put into all their different foods, desserts and beverages. I know that they are doing a 99 cent milk tea promotion. I honestly dont think you can find that anywhere else. As a college student who is always looking for a bargain, Im glad that Wendy's
5	A clean and tasty  family owned Chinese restaurant? It is possible out there! I love Asian mom and pop places but I could never really share that with my Caucasian associates because of the cleanliness. To them, a good Chinese restaurant is PF Chang! Why? Because they put sweet and sour sauce on fried things and keep the dining area CLEAN. Why is PF Chang always so busy despite  the mediocre food? Because there are people like me who feel embarrassed to take business associates to locations like KJ Kitchen, Bosa 1, Pho So 1, Cathay House, or Orchid Garden etc. So the pluses of Wendy's:1. Cleanliness2. Wonton noodle soup and roast duck. The skin of the duck remained crispy in the broth when it was served. AMAZING!3. Fluffy fried rice 4. Service. We had two waitresses tending to our every needs. The owner Wendy came out to greet us and share her knowledge of the next best thing.5. DESERT. Shaved ice the size of my face with a fantastic selection of toppings. Grass Jelly, Red Bean, and fresh Taro chunks. ($1.99 special)Next visit : save room for desert!
1	THE NASTIEST HONGKONG STYLE CAFE EVER!I have never been to a cafe that I hate soo much!Food: NASTY! I ordered a "hammered chicken something" with pasta. The chicken composed of three equally thick ( to be correct I mean thin) layers, batter meat batter. And the meat tasted like pork. The pasta was just plain, no sauce. And when I asked for sauce, the lady told me that they didn't have sauce?!! Ridiculous! My boyfriend ordered a noodle dish, and it just looked and tasted like it was microwaved! It wasn't even steamy!Drink: We ordered a red bean slush, and it did taste pretty good, but from the texture you can tell that it was pre-made and sat in the fridge. Again NASTY!Service: Horrible! I think they thought we were just poor kids, very other table had a peanut dish started (not those you order, it's the tiny starter dishes) and they didn't even ask us if we wanted one. I speak Chinese not Cantonese, and after I ordered in Chinese, the lady started talking to me in Cantonese, which I could not understand! I told her that I don't speak Cantonese, but she just kept on going....Overall: I will not go back to that place every again!
2	I was honestly trying to like this place, but in the end I just could not.Pros: This place is clean, doesn't smell, and parking is easily accessible. 99 cent thai tea, great deal, tasted pretty decent. Cons: The noodle dish my mom ordered has a small cockroach, the manager claimed it came from the vegetables, alright thats possible. The owner replaced my mother's dish for something else she wanted, which she did not have too much motivation to, but in the end she had the curry fish ball appetizers which was decent. The pork chops in my baked pork chop over rice was not very good, the pork was very chewy. The service was very confusing, we had asked for the check multiple times, but we were neglected for about 10 minutes. Perhaps I'll give it another try... maybe.
4	I can't get enough of this place. The great food gets me coming back for more. From their appetizers to their mouth watering shave ice deserts, you can't go wrong with any of their items. Their service is great. They remembered not to give me their complimentary tea during dinner time when I come in because the caffeine keeps me up at night. =/. My favorite dish would have to be their duck with egg noodles soup. The combination of the flavored duck and the egg noodle broth goes so well together. Try their sweet potato fries for a healthier alternative for fries.The also have awesome deserts.  They really don't skimp out on the portion sizes here. For $4.95, you can share a shave ice desert with 2 to 4 people.Overall, great service, great prices, great portion sizes and great food!
4	I had a very good first experience at Wendy's.I love the fact that the place is so clean! The owners are really nice and their appetizers are really good, especially their sweet potato fries. Yum!
4	First off, just wanted to say that this restaurant gets a solid 4-stars rating from me a Vegas local living on the SW part of town.  And below is my breakdown:What I like or love:* The portions of the fried rice and chow mein/fun are big. A typical person will not be able to finish it alone in one sitting. And the price is reasonable, considering the yummy & large portion of food you get. Food is good and perfect for lunch and dinner.* The decor is really nice, especially in comparison to the other restaurants this category.  My Caucasian friend that I went with even said that the restaurant made her feels comfortable to go to, and not be afraid that you will not be able to get good service because you are not Chinese or Asian.* It is super clean and tidy.  There's a lot of natural lighting coming in from the many tinted windows during the day.* Waitstaff (most) spoke perfectly good English, and can obviously speak Chinese too (for sure Mandarin, and I am positive they speak Cantonese as well).  And they are friendly and attentive, without being intrusive.* Convenient location in a parking lot that has ample parking.* No substitutions on menu items, but in the end the kitchen did it anyway.  (Specifics: wanted the veggie fried rice with a little chicken which is not on the menu, so suggested ordering the salty fish and chicken fried rice and omitting the salty fish, and it has a little vegetables in it already. What we were served: Chicken fried rice with more broccoli.  Thank you kitchen staff for accommodating our request!)What I didn't really like:* Only UNLV students and staff gets the 10% discount.  Kinda suck if you are a student or instructor at one of the other schools (CSN, local high schools, etc.).  Okay I am being really picky here, just so I can have something negative to put down here.* Some of the menu items have weird English translations (you will spot it right away when you look at it), but the Chinese names are fine and native speakers/readers will know what they are ordering.  But our non-Chinese friends maybe a little confused.There are still a large portion of the menu that I have yet to sample, so I will definitely come back.  And being just a few miles from home makes it even better for me!Who should patronize this restaurant:1) Locals!  This little family owned restaurant is a must try, if you live or work in the SW.2) Out of towners:  a) Have own transpiration:  this will be a perfect off-strip, non-tourist trap restaurant to try.  b) If you have to take a cab, it may be a bit out of the way depending on which casino you are coming from, so do a quick Google map search before deciding if the location is convenient/cost effective to visit.
3	Ok, but make sure you go with other asians so they know what to order.
5	Wendy's Cafe is great little place for good food at awesome prices I've being to this place for about 10 time since it open and every time I've never being disappointed. Make sure to try their daily specials and believe me that for this tough economic times their food doesn't skimp on size or flavor.
5	I grow up in Hong Kong so you can imagine how exciting I was when I found this place. Ya sure, lot of place served Cantanese style dishes in town. But to find that East meet West Hong Kong style cuisine, now that's a challenge. I'm talking about curry fish balls, street style wings and even HK style milk tea. Yummy and cheap, that's what it's all about. Don't forget the super yummy Mango desert and Shaved Ice. What better way to beat the desert heat but with a large bowl of shaved Ice top with fruit and sweet condensed milk. Did I mention HK peeps love their sweet :) Yup, brought back lot of fond childhood memory. Good Time ^_^
4	Wonton w/ egg noodle was good. Nooldes al dente, just the way it should be. Broth tasty, wonton good texture and right amount of meat. Mustard greens cooked perfectly. Good crunch.Wife had seafood soup with white noodles. Same broth as my Wonton, less impressive overall.Had red bean, mung bean, jelly, coco milk, shaved ice drink. Was done excellent.Good complimentary jasmine tea and salted roasted peanuts.Great service and fast serving food.  We came 20min. before closing and I was watching for any gripes, but our business was appreciated. Service is leaps and bounds over typical LA chinese restaurants. That's what pushed me from a 3 to 4 star.Not a must visit restaurant, but if choices are limited and its nearby I would come again.
5	Friendly, clean, very good food & not expensive.. Totally Hong Kong style food! This place makes me happy.
2	This would b in the something different, catagory.Not exactly what I am used too, maybe too eclectic for me.         Maybe I ordered the wrong dishes, we had the spicy beef, spare ribs w preserved veges , Shang hai dumplings , e fu noodles,Kim chee w/ rice balls and roast duck. The roast duck, and Kim chee  was good , everything else not so memorable . We also had the hong kong crepe / kiwi and ice cream sundae with mango, intresting . Service was friendly and good . Maybe this restaurant was out of my comfort zone,  I could not recognize most of the menu items , and I eat Chinese food often . I don't know what else to say still confused . :)
4	Pros - Cheap pricesNot very greasyWide selection on the menuVERY attentive serviceCons - ???Went here with a buddy for a late night snack. Kinda nice they open till 11pm. We were seated very quickly and given glasses of warm tea along with a small tray of peanuts. Where else do they give you a tray of peanuts in vegas?Oyster Omelet Quite nice actually, not greasy, the cilantro help to give a brightness to it, pickled chinese radish gave a crunchy texture as well as a bit of sourness that matches well. Oysters were minced into smaller pieces but distributed fairly evenly.Mango SlushVERY nice. Had a natural sweetness to it, the tapioca used wasn't the large black types commonly sold overpriced in pearl tea shops they were the small dessert ones which was nice and complimented the drink. Topping the drink was shaved ice with some coconut cream and chunks of mango.Free SoupWe were given a beef and lotus broth. Very natural tasting. Like something you make at home for your family.That's pretty much the whole vibe i got from this place. The food is simular to home style cooking with decent prices and a nicer presentation.
4	Was there when they first opened and thought it was so so.  Decided to give it another try recently and now I'm hooked!   Hooked on the cold drunken chicken!  Several dishes I've tried have also been pretty good.  They have a large menu of food and drinks/desert.  So it'll take me awhile to try them all.  Cuz I'm hooked on the cold drunken chicken!
3	This was different. I had not read any reviews so my first impression was "noodle shop", but there is whole lot more going on than just noodles. My husband is with me and per our usual agreement with family style restaurants, he'll make the selections. I may hint at a particular dish, but will let him decide. So tonight we began with a refreshing cool honeydew melon and tapioca drink. There was a little bit of shaved ice on top with about five melon balls. Overall, the drink was both a delight to look at and to taste. Next came our steamed dumplings, followed by noodle dish. Both had no visual appear but taste was good. We then got spicy beef and spare ribs with preserved vegetables. The spicy beef was spicy! Instead of the long sliced green pieces being green pepper, it turned out to be jalapeno peppers and that added to the spice! The spare ribs with preserved vegetables wasn't my thing and I did try it, but didn't care for the bitterness to it. We had a few more dishes but other than the duck, not much else was worth eating again. But then we decided to try the desserts! The hong kong crepe with kiwi and the ice cream sundae with mango was delicious! What a way to cool the pallet after eating all of the spicy beef! On a hot afternoon, taking a stop inside to eat one of those crepes or ice cream mango sundae would make me cool off! I'd go back just to do those.
4	Nifty clean spot near Chinatown. Has the feel of a Taiwanese cafe in SoCal. The waitresses are very courteous.Had some:-Wonton noodle soup - Not too bad but the portion was kinda small for me.-Steamed dumplings - Typical steamed dumplings.-Sesame seed sweet potato fries - These were crispy and flavorful-Mango & Tapioca with coconut milk - This was a stimulating delicious dessert. I drank it instead of scooping it slowly with the spoon. You can order it with ice cream also.Come here if you want above average Chinese food in Vegas.
5	I think that......dare I say it?...that Wendy's is my new favorite Chinese place. It's clean and the food is so yummy. My first time trying Wendy's was Sunday and we went back last night. It is soooooo delicious....well what I ordered anyways. I ordered the Wonton Noodle Soup with the rice noodles instead of the egg noodles. The broth was so flavorful and I felt that it was healthy. I could probably drink that broth forever. The bf went with the duck with rice noodles and let me tell you...they weren't stingy with the duck. The duck was really good too....and the broth was just as good if not better than mine. BUT the best part about the meal was the boba milk tea. YUMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMY goodness! The bf ordered this cold and it wasn't overbearingly sweet and the boba was soft and fresh.Last night we came here for dinner and they started us out with some soup. The bf ordered the BBQ pork with steamed rice and I just stuck with my wonton soup since I just had two fillings done. Everything was even better than I remembered and this time the bf ordered a warm boba milk tea.....I'm in love with Boba Milk Tea now.....yum! Service is attentive and like I said for a Chinese restaurant...this place is super clean. I will be returning here soon....=)
5	Wendy's Noodle Cafe is a great place for very authentic Hong Kong eastern and western style dishes. Being from Hong Kong and New York and having eaten at lots of restaurants of similar styled cuisine I'd contend that Wendy's is as genuine as it gets here in the valley.A warm atmosphere, prompt and friendly service, very reasonable prices, and a pleasantly varied menu of delicious foods makes this restaurant one of my favorites.After a long chilly day of holiday shopping we stopped by for dinner. We ordered a pork, salty fish and salty egg hot pot to warm ourselves up. On a cold winter evening nothing tastes and feels more comforting than a hot pot of saucy food in a bed of steaming rice.
4	This is the best value in Las Vegas after a 2-year search. And I did Yelp extensively, regularly, and frequently to get the best reviews.I've found this restaurant by chance on Yelp.com after many disappointment in the past 2 years. After all, this is not southern California (excluding San Diego).I've come here twice during the weekend, lunch and dinner respectively. The service was slow during lunch, with one waitress serving 3 small tables. She was not very attentive but she was friendly once she was on the plow. The dinner was better with 3 waitresses serving the entire restaurants (80% full, 15 tables). Our waitress was the oldest (in her 50's) with sharp memory, quick hands, and lovely smile, on a roller blade (just a metaphor). That's the kind of waitress found only in Hong Kong, but she had a friendly attitude in addition.The setting was clean. It looked clean and it felt clean. The restroom was clean. There was ample parking spaces in the outdoor strip mall. But the restaurant was a stand alone building.The dishes were mainly Hong Kong style with a few Teow Chow flavors.The price was very decent for Las Vegas. The best so far. There were enough cheap dishes for me to come back a few more times... most are in $6.95 - $7.95. The desserts were on the higher end... $3.95 - $4.95. But at least they had desserts. A bit unusual.We had steamed chicken with garlic sauce (not Hainanese chicken though; $2 off promotion), Chinese broccoli with oyster sauce (standard Chinese dish), and pan-fried chow mien with vegetable for lunch. They were of good value regarding the authentic taste and price. They didn't charge extra for the pan-fried noodle. And it comes with a free medium sized bowl of  "soup of the day". And it's typical Hong Kong taste.We came back for dinner. This time we had Teow Chow fried Ho-fun, pan fried noodles with chicken, and French fried sweet potatoes with sesame seeds. The first two were a bit salty. The Ho-fun had Chinese sausage bits. The portion was standard.The dessert menu was interesting. It had the usual fruit drinks and shaved ice. But there was a few more interesting dishes than most, like mango or durian with sweet rice. I've only tried the durian one. Yummy! at a price of $4.95 each. My friend loved the mango tapioca sundae, with fresh mango bits.It's a bit boring reading the review I know, for I have no reason to trash this place. It's fact after fact on the standard foods... nothing too outstanding from an international point of view.So diners, the joy is to come dining here. Experience it yourself. Hope the quality will last a while. You will get your money worth.
4	The only reason I like this place is because it's so close to my house. Haha. Just came back to Vegas for a Christmas vacation, and it turns out that the Jones/Spring Mountain area (Cue D's) has been revitalized with Asian things. Cool I guess.This place was pretty busy with youngins and they sold that Mexican Coke that comes back a tall ass bottle. Service was good. Food was like any other HK restaurant. I'd come back though.
5	I didn't feel like cooking yesterday, but then again I haven't been feeling like cooking for a few days now.  Instead, I decided we ate Chinese food since that's really what would be open during this day here in Vegas.  First I drove to China Ginger  but decided to go a different route after reading some of the reviews.I found Wendy's Noodle Cafe through Yelp, thanks!  The lady that greeted me was really nice and friendly and seemed to go above and beyond her duties.  She was helpful and patient with me as I looked at their menu trying to find something good to order.  Finally, I ordered French Style Beef Cubes with Black Pepper Sauce & Rice $7.95, Chinese Broccoli with Oyster Sauce $5.50, and Walnut Shrimp $12.95.  After I made my order, the host served me some green tea as I was waiting for my food.  I was pleasantly surprised.  It didn't take too long before my food was ready which then I rushed home so my bf and I could eat.  The food was awesome.  Everything was as Yelp members said it would be and I would go back over and over again to try all the other food.  The meat and shrimp were tender and seasoned perfectly.  The Chinese broccoli had just enough and right amount of oyster sauce, and the rice was cooked perfectly.  Hands down, I'm coming back.  One of my bf's friend's talked about Chinese porridge and they do have it in their menu.  This will be my next item to choose when I come back here.
4	Sooo cold outside! Ordered the won ton noodle soup and beef chow fun to go. They gave me some yummy jasmine tea while I waited. The last mango crepe also made its way into my order... Everything was great. Had 1/2 of everything left over for the next day. Soup made it, noodles weren't as good day #2 so eat the noodles when you get 'em. Great service and the place was super clean. Will be back fo sho.
4	I looked up reviews to figure out where to get some Chinese food. It's rare I have Chinese food since so often I have bad Chinese food. I saw good reviews and decided to give it a try. We walked in and only saw a few customers besides a large party of probably about 15-20 people. They did not get their food yet which kind of worried me because they would have to cook for that table first. We had a seat and I found the waitresses to be very attentive constantly coming around for water and ask if we are ok. That I appreciated. I did find something strange-I had to ask for tea when it seemed other tables had it, but we were never offered. Once I asked, I got it. Kind of made me wonder why we were not offered tea like the other customers. A waitress came up to us and seemed to be in a rush when I was not ready to order. We got assorted seafood chow mein cooked crispy style and seafood soup. When the soup came out (which took a very long time by the way), it was duck soup. What?? =( I don't like duck! Not only do I not like duck, but I dont' like duck bones. This duck had no meat, it was mainly bones! Yuck. I told the waitress and she brought over the bill and showed us some Chinese writing and repeated "duck soup" and I repeated "No, I ordered seafood soup." She seemed like it was a major hassle to take it back. She did apologize but walked away. When she returned I still was not happy and mentioned something again. She said something about taking it back but it did not make me feel comfortable enough to send it back. So I let it be and ate since I was hungry. The chow mein was good. The soup was decent but of course that is basing it on simply the broth and noodles. I did not want to take off too many stars because I see this restaurant as having potential if we ordered the right thing. My review would have been 2 stars but the owner Wendy came by and was very nice. I told her what happened. She did not take it off our bill but she did offer dessert for free. That made me feel a bit better and was enough to make me return to the restaurant to give it a second chance.
3	I had the wonton soup  and grilled chicken wings. Nice and clean restaurant located on jones surrounded by other hidden Asian gems. Their menu has Asian tapas and delicious meals to satisfy your fusion! Need to go back for more!
4	thank you yelp for not steering me wrong yet! this place is great and cheap! got a craving for noodles while i was at work...convinced my co-workers to come with me, we yelped and found this place. it was conveniently located right down the street. its clean. we were seated right away. service was good and fast. i ordered #26 which was basically a bowl of hu tieu...rice noodles w/ meat, seafood & veggies in a very tasty broth. they do not skimp on the meats and noodles in their dishes. no complaints for a big bowl of noodles that was $6. love it. =)
4	I definitely recommend this place to everyone. Food is great (big portions) and good prices. Very clean. Staff is very friendly. I will go back...soon!!
4	OVERALL PROS:- Incredibly authentic Chinese food.- Very friendly service (though my mom is way too extroverted and will just make friend with anyone).- Great dessert menu - reminded me of all those wonderful dessert spots in China I miss so much (lots of black rice, shaved ice, custards, etc).- MUST-HAVES: Ribeye noodle soup, Stir-fried beef, Seafood & tofu claypot.- Very, very affordable. Even for dinner, most items on the menuwere under $10.OVERALL CONS:- The plaza Wendy's is located in is not the best or the most lively, but at least Wendy's has its own standalone building in the lot and it's very nice & casual.- We got a HK style mango crepe to go - it's nice they have that option. But they basically took one of the stale ones that's been sitting in their to-go display case up front because it's already boxed. It did not taste good.WHAT WE ORDERED:* Sliced Ribeye Noodle Soup (rice noodles) - So good! The noodles were soft (we could tell it wasn't made in-house though), beef was delicious, you can add bean sprouts and lime. The broth was a tiny tiny bit light on flavor, but my mom (the expert, of course) said it was perfect.* Flaming Hot Stir-Fried Beef - Came out hot & sizzling, tons of flavor & spice, very well done. Bravo.* Seafood & Tofu Claypot - I loved this dish. The tofu was cooked with a layer of fried skin and there was tons of delicious seafood. I just wish there were some peas - I've had it w/ peas at other restaurants and it adds a perfect bit of sweetness.* Hong Kong Style Mango Crepe - Like I said, we got a pre-boxed one that'd been sitting in their display case. It was a stale crepe with whipped cream and canned, flavorless mango. Not worth it. (but I must say we got this because of the to-go option. I wanted the shaved ice and it looked awesome when the table next to us got it)
4	Service was amazing- so very nice, knowledgeable & accommodating- and deserves 5 stars! My friends and I were looking for a good place to eat around Chinatown. We wanted to try something new, so I went to Yelp and found this little gem. We went to their website and looked over the menu, which was extensive and had a range of items from Noodle Soups to Porridges to Sandwiches and everything else in between set at very reasonable prices. The pictures featured on their website were tantalizing to look at, enough so that my friends immediately knew what they were going to order.Wendy's Noodle Cafe is located in the plaza where 168 Market is,  but may be hard to find because it's a standalone building with no obvious signage. After finding the restaurant, we walked in and were kindly greeted by our server who then seated us. We were given complimentary salted peanuts, which tasted great and were addicting, but probably not so healthy due to the oil & salt that covered them. Anyways, after looking over the extensive menu, I narrowed down to two choices- the House Steamed Chicken over rice and Assorted Meat & Shrimp w/ Clear Noodles. In the end, with the help of our server, I chose the noodle dish.Assorted Meat & Shrimp w/ Clear Noodles ($6.50): Delicious! The broth was light yet flavorful, and there were a lot of things to eat other than noodles in my soup. I especially enjoyed the greens, the pork, the shrimp & the squid, along with the fish cake slices & the itty bitty pieces of fried, crackling pig skin which gave texture to the soup. The fish balls were not my favorite, however. One thing I thought could've been better was the noodles themselves- they were a tad overcooked, making for too soft noodles that I couldn't really enjoy. If the noodles had been chewier, I think this soup would've been perfect. My friend ordered the Egg Noodles Pan Fried w/ Soy Sauce ($6.50) and asked our server if they could put chicken & veggies in it, which she said of course to. My friend said this was really good, and I have to agree with her as I tried a little bit. The sauce wasn't too thick or too oily, the noodles were perfectly crisp, and the assortment of vegetables made me happy. She definitely could not finish all of it, so they took what was left back to the kitchen and wrapped it up for her to take home. Prices are amazing considering the portion sizes; service is great; and the food is delicious. I am definitely coming back here again!
4	On my way home from Bingo, we decided to try this place out, after reading all the yelpers'  great comments/reviews. It was Sunday nite and the place was pretty quiet, easy in and easy out.. No fuss parking in front..And the food was pretty good, the wings were huge,crispy and tasty. Pork and shrimp noodle (combo noodle)soup was not too salty and very flavorful and loaded with egg and rice noodles.The portion were generous for the price,which was reasonable...Service was attentive and even the owner Wendy stop by to say hello,next time I've to try the mango pudding..
4	I did all my yelp research before going into Vegas for Lunar New Year/Superbowl weekend and for someone that is not a huge fan of chinese food....I loved this place.  Service was great...complimentary soup...who doesn't like free! We tried the preserved meat claypot rice and for onlt $7.50 what a steal.  I seriously don't think I can get a deal like this in SF.  We also had the crab and fish maw soup...I was totally craving it and I had the entire order which served like 4 people.  Then we had a mushroom and veggie claypot...also very good.  And the chicken wings....very delish.I liked this place so much I even came back for lunch 2 days later and still was not disappointed.  Will definitely come back in my future Vegas trips..cuz I didn't get to try their dessert but their orange fanta came in a big glass bottle!
5	I frequent this restaurant quite a bit. why? because they make great food! ive dined in a couple times, and they have pretty good service. but for the majority of the time i order out. and even doing so they always give me a cup of tea as i wait. im not a big hot tea person, but that kind gesture goes a long way. often times i thank them but i wont accept since i know i dont drink hot tea.their food is above average, and the portions are well enough. every dish ive tried there so far ive really enjoyed.only downside to this place is they have a minimum of $15 for you to use your card. however its better than most asian restaurants that are cash only, so i cant complain too much.i just order 2 dishes and that usually sets it just over $15 :p
4	Great Chinese food and service!  I walked in to get take-out and was greeted by one of the former owners of Chang's of Las Vegas!  I didn't wait long but they served me some jasmine tea as I waited(all of 10 min.).  I was very satisfied with the quality of the food and the will be going back when I'm in the mood for Chinese again!
4	Me and the bf were feeling adventurous and wanted to try something new other than sticking to our usual chinatown spots. If it weren't for yelp i would have never noticed this cute cafe, and I go to 168 market at least once a week!The food was pretty good, not the best chinese that i've had but the beef stew noodles were very flavorful, I think that the serving should be a little bit bigger though, or maybe i'm just used to the usual Pho servings. We also ordered chow fun noodles with the XO sauce which was pretty mediocre. I would give this 3 stars for the food but the super friendly service and the vibe of this place is what stands out to me, the server tended to us at all times ,soooo nice, 4 stars:] plus 10% discount for unlv students! definitely going back to try other menu items that yelpers recommended and their dessert looked yummy!
4	Two words YUM-O. The food here is nothing new and exciting but it is executed very well. We had Chinese broccoli with oyster sauce, house chow mien and shanghai dumplings. The Chinese broccoli was brilliant green and crunchy. Cooked perfectly. As for the chow mein, the noodles were fried crispy on the edges and mixed with carrots, cuttlefish, BBQ pork, chicken, shrimp, more Chinese broccoli, and mushrooms in a thickened brown sauce. Hot, crunchy, and chewy all at once.  These noodles will definitely fill you with goodness.  The shanghai dumplings are served steaming in a bamboo steamer with a vibrant red pickled Ginger sauce.  They were very flavorful on their own with just enough of that soup dumpling quality. They didn't need that sauce or soy sauce. They were perfy on their own.Hot  tea is complimentary. The restaurant is super bright, like a dentist office; however, it's immaculate. The chairs are custom carved with noodle bowls. Service was fast and effective.  They even offered suggestions and answered questions; rare for a chinese place.  Filled our drinks without asking.  Very friendly.Bill was $21 and we brought half home. Not too shabby! I'll be back for sure! Deeeelicious!
4	They have cool noodle bowls carved into the chairs!Ok, time to talk about the food. First thing I liked about this place is that they their lunch includes Chinese soup that actually have pretty solid flavor and a good amount of meat and Chinese veggies in it. So it's not just watered down, flavorless soup that you usually get as a starter. The Stir Fried Udon and Seafood with XO Sauce was surprisingly delicious. The noodles were chewy and coated with XO sauce. The seafood included plentiful fish, shrimp, and squid. Plus for 7.95, you get enough food for two meals!My aunt and uncle got rice plates that were tasty and huge in portions as well. We ended not finishing any of our entrees due to the sheer amount of food they give you and had tons of take-out for the next day. Good eats. Great value. Awesome Hong Kong style cafe.
4	Dinner just ordered. Assorted mushrooms with bok choy clay pot, Eggplant with basil, Salt and pepper tofu and lastly Vegetable fried rice. Ventured to this place after reading the reviews on Yelp. Was skeptical at first but once inside we were greeted very warmly by the staff. The atmosphere is really nice, well lit and clean. Of course, the food has to rock too and we were not left disappointed. We went all vegetarian and the taste of the food was clean and refreshing. You could really taste the basil in the eggplant and the assorted mushrooms were awesome. For desert we had the mango crepe. A little on the small size but tasty nonetheless. We will definitely be back to try other things on the menu. Oh, and the price point for everything is great too. You can eat very well for just a little bit of money.
4	I returned again for another trial at lunch. I went for Teow Chow foods in full force. I still enjoyed the foods. Nothing has changed much since last visit. I still find the good value here.I had Teow Chow noodle Ho Fun soup (dine in) and Teow Chow fried Ho Fun (take out). They were both ordinary and delicious. I also had chicken and salted fish fried rice and mango wrap dessert to go. The mango was real inside.So I will return again...
3	Actually 2.5!!!Very average Chinese food.
4	This place is awesome. I need to take my parents here. The price is reasonable and not too expensive. Fried calamari is plently. Crispy noodle house special is good. I feel like this place don't have a bad dish. Thousand year old egg porridge is decent, but not good. I don't understand why they put ginger in porridge. Dessert - black rice with coconut syrup is a bit way to sweet and cost the same as a dish. Not that great. But, overall, I really like their food here.
3	Went there for lunch on 2011-04-18; ordered the beef brisket noodle soup and the wonton soup.  Food is solid, but not spetacular.  Beef brisket soup wasn't quite what I expected but still good; the beef brisket was cooked more along a western style - tomato/carrot based soup.  The wontons were just okay.  They keep the place spotless and service was prompt.  Prices are extremely reasonable.  Their dessert options looked tempting - and there were several other items on the menu that I wouldn't mind trying - so I'd return for at least another try.  I give it a 3 - it's solid but average.  I've had better, and I've had worse elsewhere.
3	My old man is OBSESSED with Chinese food.  This can be a problem when he wants it for every meal, and I only crave it about once every couple of months.  Since I dragged him along to Vegas for a soccer tournament I was playing in, and he would be forced to pretend to enjoy watching me play in the sweltering heat for several hours each day, I decided to oblige his love of Chinese food and get dinner in Chinatown.He chose Wendy's Noodle Cafe, based on the great Yelp reviews.  They had a couple of vegetarian options, but not tons.  Your usual options were there - veggie spring rolls, vegetable fried rice, vegetable chow mein.We ordered the veggie spring rolls, vegetable chow mein, and my old man got something that was seafood and noodles - it might have been called seafood and noodles.  The seafood included squid, fish, and shrimp.I thought the spring rolls were particularly good - it is difficult to make an outstanding spring roll, they are generally all good, but few are great.  These were great.The vegetable chow mein was not as good.  I didn't like the sauce, I felt it had too much corn starch or something...couldn't really put my finger on it, but there was something about the sauce I wasn't into.  Also, the noodles were very thin, and I like thicker noodles.  Not a major failure, just not my cup of tea.My old man loved the seafood noodles thing.  He said the shrimp was perfectly cooked, and he even had an entire conversation with our server about how well-cooked and fresh the squid was.  She said they get it fresh each day, it comes whole, and they prepare and cut it there.I would definitely like to try Wendy's again, but I would not order the vegetable chow mein.  Although they don't have a ton of vegetarian options, I'm sure they would change up a recipe for me if I asked - the staff seemed very friendly and accommodating.  Oh, and their iced tea is excellent.
4	"Is it in that shopping center?" "To the left?" "Huh?" "That little brick Building...?" "I don't know... I don't see a name..."Yes, locating this restaurant was a little difficult, as there is no obvious signage visible from the street and the only indication of their name was in small print on the front door. However, the food here was excellent and the service was amazing (although perhaps that was because my friend was wearing her yelp shirt.... nah.) The wait staff was helpful and efficient. The environment itself was calm and clean. And then there's the food... I had chicken pho, which was very tasty, and one of my friends had a chicken and noodle dish (and her left overs were very good the next day as she left them in my fridge :) Large portions of quality food at fairly cheap prices... Just thinking about it is making me hungry.
5	Went yesterday for the first time for lunch. I saw the reviews on yelp that made me want to try it. When I walked in, it's a cute little place that feels like a cafe! The dessert display had a yelp sticker so I knew I was in for good times x)I ordered seafood porridge and a friend ordered crispy egg noodles, it was superb :) The waitress immediately served us water(and a side of peanuts! :D), as the specialty drinks looked amazing enough to be considered dessert :)I love that this place is so clean, there's a tv playing asian pop, and the bill for two was pleasing! For two it was around $15 :D There's specials on the walls, including 'free wings with a pitcher of beer'. This place definitely knows hospitality! I plan on coming back to try the rest of the menu, appetizers and dessert :D
4	I want to re-name Wendy's Noodle Cafe to AUNT Wendy's Noodle Cafe because by the time we were finished eating, it felt like I was leaving a family member's home!  Wendy's Noodle Cafe is not like your other Chinese restaurants.  It's nice and clean in there, which most Chinese food connoisseurs know is not the case and the service was good!  More on that as you read... but first about the food:1.  Seafood Tofu Hot Pot - This was small sizzling clay pot full of goodies.  Though a small complaint on the ratio of tofu being more than the seafood, the components were all tasty.  Crispy nuggets of tofu, nice tasty bites of fish, bamboo, squid sizzling in a smooth brown sauce.2.  XO four season green beans - Totally greasy but oh so crunchy, spicy and addicting.  Definitely a super tasty (aka unhealthy) way to eat your veggies.3.  Steamed Chicken - We asked for the chilled version, but it came out warm.  No biggie, that was definitely not the problem.  The chicken was completely bland like someone had forgotten to season it.  Perhaps I am biased because my mom's seasoned chicken is utterly bomb and delicious, but this dish was lukewarm and tasteless. 4.  Red Bean Float - This was a dreamy concoction of vanilla icecream, grass jelly and red bean.  It was sweet, creamy and wonderful.  It was otally a sweet tooth's dream.On to the warm fuzzies!  Now, most kids of immigrant parents will know this.  The way family members express that they care is not by saying I love you or by praising you.  It is by asking about if you've had your normal bowel movements, if you're hungry, if you've eaten enough or in other cases of "love," they tell you've put on too much weight, that you look too skinny or that you haven't eaten enough.  In the case of Wendy's noodle cafe, a couple of the aunties (the servers) and one that we suspect is Aunt "Wendy" herself asked us several times how 1the food was and if we've eaten enough.  Also, seeing that we had most of our chicken leftover, she made a point to kindly comment that we ate so little, but we didn't have the heart to tell the Auntie Wendy that it was bad!Conclusion:  Auntie Wendy failed us on the chicken, but for the warm fuzzie service, other bomb dishes, and the MASSIVE potential to try all the other desserts, comforting rice plates and fusion dishes, we are definitely coming back.
4	This place is outstanding.  A perfect example of what every city and town in the US needs.  A perfect example of what great Chinese food can taste like and priced right.  So simple and easy and yet most Chinese restaurants that dot the US are those terrible, terrible all-you-can-eat buffets.My friends and I ate here our 1st night in Vegas.  We started with the sweet potato fries appetizer.  Not very impressive, a 2.  Definitely would not order this again.  An ominous beginning.  But our entrees!We got the assorted meat and shrimp with rice noodles, ginger and egg fried rice, a porridge dish (I forget which one) and the shredded chicken with rice noodles.They were all really excellent.  James ordered just the rice.  The rice was extremely well balanced between the egg and the ginger.  I was really amazed.  It wasn't overpowering in ginger, had just the right amount.  I recommended to James to order the eggplant dish to compliment the rice.  I think with any kind of meat dish the meat would have overpowered the ginger.  The eggplant hit it dead on-he absolutely agreed with my decision after combining the two.My dish was the meat and shrimp rice noodle dish.  It was an extremely well balanced bowl of taste.  Again, I was really amazed.  It's difficult to mix all that in and balance it.  I could taste everything and the broth is light and not heavy in any way.Art had the chicken and noodle dish and that's not even his thing.  He prefers rice dishes but thought it was excellent.John got the porridge and gave me a sip.  It's got fish sauce already mixed in it so it's got a lot of flavor in addition to the other ingredients they added to it.  I was really impressed.  It's kinda hard to make a great tasting rice porridge bowl when by definition this is not the tastiest food.So overall we were really impressed with the place.  An absolute solid 4 rating.  Again, this is the type of Chinese restaurant I wished existed everywhere in the States so that people would really understand how excellent Chinese food can be.And the last thing about this place?  Totally affordable.  Each plate is about $7-8.  Ridiculous.  If I lived here in Vegas I think I'd almost come here every week.
5	I loved their food! It was bombing! Less grease and was really good also. We ordered duck with rice,popcorn chicken.
5	What makes a restaurant 5 stars? Friendly and experienced staff, quality service, great environment, excellent reputation, reasonable prices, good reviews on yelp ;), and most importantly... delicious FOOD! Of all Asian restaurants in Las Vegas, this one has exceeded my expectations and impressed me the most. First of all, their fusion concept is great because there is something for everybody. You want steak, chicken wings, pasta?? They have these options, but if you want the real deal... authentic asian food.... they most certainly have that as well. I am obsessed with their spicy shrimp udon soup for just $4.95. It is a perfect starter or side to a meat and rice entree! Or if I am craving all noodles (which I do very frequently), I can order one of their fantastic noodle soups. Great pricing and perfect portions!! It is always nice to see lower prices on appetizers and tapas so that you can enjoy a good amount of variety on your table.  With the service being right at par, this place has yet to disappoint me in any way. I strongly recommend it!
4	Clean and healthy chinese food. Great service too! I really enjoyed the chow fun with gravy and rice cake with egg. The best of all....hong kong ice tea. You have to try it. It's sweet and sour, great combo.
4	Great Service, Clean Flavors, Big MenuWendy's Noodle Cafe has just become my favorite place called "Wendys."  Sorry other Wendys; even though you're the spicy chicken mecca, I've found another.Everything we ordered was spectacular, and the friendly service sealed the deal, Wendy's is fantastic.  Our Order:Pot Stickers - Perfect crisp on the dumpling and delicious pork/scallion stuffing.  Best Potsticker I've had in Las Vegas.Beef Short Ribs - Wendy's take on Kalbi - The beef had a nice sear on it while not being dry.  Not as good as Kalbi at many Korean spots, but still a very good appetizer.Shredded Chicken w/ Vermicelli (noodle soup) - DELICIOUS combination of cilantro, kaffir Lime, and Chili.  This satisfying yet light soup is like your mom's chicken noodle soup with a passport. Malaysian Fried Rice - Served with chicken wings and squid balls.  The rice was really nice, tasting of subtle garlic, onion, turmeric, and lime.  It was moist without being mushy, and very wholesome.  The chicken wings were good not great, and the squid balls were forgettable.  The rice itself is a definite order though.Make sure your tongue's passport is up-to-date, because it's time for your tastebuds to see the world.
5	Wendy's Noodle Cafe is definitely one of my favorite Asian restaurants to go to. I moved to Seattle for school, but every time I come home to Vegas, I make sure I stop by Wendy's (no joke)!Food is awesome. They have a lot of different variety. My favorite is the shrimp wonton with egg noodles! They also have an awesome dessert and drinks menu which is very authentic. To top it all off, everything is very fairly priced and I never pay more than $7 for a meal.Service is also very awesome. It's a (fairly) new restaurant so there aren't usually that many customers, which helps with good service. The decor is nice and very spacious, so I always feel comfortable. My mom is friends with the owner, so they always welcome me and make sure they say 'hi' when I stop by :) Overall, I would definitely suggest this place to everybody! I have brought at least 3 of my friends here + family because I love it so much! :D
5	Love love love this place! Went there for the first time for lunch yesterday. We were seated right away even though the restaurant was pretty busy. Took a while to get to order and the food didnt get out as fast as we would like, but man the food tasted so so so good. We ordered a wonton noodle and a beef brisket tomato stew noodle. They were so tasty and authentic! It's hard to find this flavor even in Hong Kong sometimes. Everything sounds good on the menu and we would definitely want to go back for more, especially their desserts. They offered Hong Kong style iced lemon tea, iced milk tea, mango pomelo sago sweet soup with ice cream...mmmmm....i can't wait to try that out! A solid 5 stars for the food! YUM!FYI - there is a $15 minimum purchase for credit card use.
5	This place never fails to satisfy and you can order "off the menu" too (it helps if you speak Chinese so they know exactly what you are looking to eat. The heat of the wok is kept very hot to bring out the subtle nutty tastes of the rice noodles. Wendy offers some Vietnamese/Chinese dishes too so be adventurous. If you are looking for something sweet, her fresh bakery items are wonderful including some Durian items for the true exotic tastes. Summer escapes can be found here with their fresh fruit shaved ices and they are adding some fresh salad offerings that many are asking for. The entire staff are very friendly and Wendy will welcome you like an old friend. This is where you come to eat comfortably!
2	I hate to give this place 2 stars but...There were 5 of us and we all had something different. Food ordered: Pork sandwich and chicken sandwich - very boring.  It was just meat, iceburg lettuce, slice of tomato and some mayo.  Fried fish fillet with Thai sauce...how about fried fish fillet with sweet chili pepper sauce that you get from the bottle (usually served with lumpia) served with rice and green beans.  I was so disappointed.Fried dumplings appetizer - nothing to write home about.  Even the sauce had no inspiration.Shredded chicken noodle soup - cousin ate this.  Said it was good.Thai tea - not good, Red bean milk tea - eh, kid enjoyed the pineapple/mango/something something shake Staff - friendly.  Owner came over and interacted with the kids.  She checked on us as well.  Me like.Food service - didn't have to wait to long on getting food.Overall - I feel bad about giving the 2 rating but the food was just so, blah, I feel I have no choice.  But the staff was wonderful!
4	This is one of the better chinese restaurant in Vegas. They served mainly Cantonese cuisine. We were on a holiday to Vegas and went there with a friend and his family. We order a duck, carrot cake, wanton noodle, salted fish fried rice and oyster sauce vegetable. All the dishes were nicely done and balanced, not too salty like many other chinese restaurants. The carrot cake were the best! For dessert, we decided to try the durian crepe. For all durian lovers, this is a must! I believe they used real durian to make the crepe as there was a tint of bitterness in the crepe which is typical taste of the durian.Wendy's is now my favorite restaurant in LV after the closure of Penang.
5	Cute place with excellent food...good place to chit chat
3	Very quiet place and the food is healthy, tasty and fresh.  I saw a bunch of music videos on the TV while I ate, and I don't think any of the music was in english, but I am still curious to hear the songs anyway.
4	Soooo, in my last review, I called our server "Aunt Wendy" because of her friendly and caring attitude.  A few more visits later, I want to call all the servers "Aunt Wendy".  Everyone is so nice and want to make sure that we're eating well!Our last visit was epic!  We ordered A LOAD of food.- Mushroom Noodles- Wonton Noodles- Grilled Chicken Wings- XO Four Season Beans- Assorted Vegetable Chow Fun- Chiu Chow Style Rice Cakes- Beef and Tomato and RiceConclusion:  Everything was delicious!  What makes the experience top notch is the clean atmosphere and great service, which is usually not expected in Chinese restaurants.  I'll keep going back just to see all the Aunt Wendy's =)
3	I guess I probably shouldn't review this now, but I will definitely update this after I've tried their food.I came here today because of a friend's recommendation for shaved ice here (saw their shaved ice picture on facebook).Well, to be honest, there's not really any (yet?) quality shaved ice around here. Their shaved ice wasn't really anything special. I grade kind of hard here because I was able to try some amazing shaved ice back in Irvine, CA. It was ACTUALLY shaved ice. But that's not for me to talk about in this review.Their shaved ice was just chunks and bits of ice. Didn't really like the red bean on it either. This was, I guess, average/mediocre. Nothing you'd ever go craving for. Our waitress was nice and friendly though. We got checked up on and she was at refilling our waters even though we didn't need anymore, haha.I'll drop by for some food in the near future and update my review accordingly :).
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE this place! I've been here numerous times and everytime has been fantastic! The customer service, the food, everything is wonderful! They have a big variety and everything is delicious! They desserts are refreshing and different! Also, the prices are really low and the portions are big! I LOVE Wendy's Noodle Cafe and highly recommend it!!!!
4	With so many reviews mentioning how fast and friendly this place is, I wondered if they would be consistent. The answer is yes, they are amazing. On top of that, they produce a quick and delicious meal. I came by myself during lunch time after doing some errands around Chinatown. The restaurant only had three other parties and both servers were quick to get me a menu, roasted salted peanuts, and water. When I had asked if they had any specials, one waitress laughed and said that everything was special. She caught on that I was asking about lunch specials and informed me that there aren't any. Her reaction was not meant to be disrespectful and was probably my favorite exchange throughout the whole meal.I ordered the curry duck leg with egg noodles instead of vermicelli. The request for substitution was not meet with hesitance or a dirty look, instead accompanied by a "no problem" and a smile. My food came out in a matter of minutes. The large bowl had chunks of carrots and potatoes, then topped with a massive duck leg. On the side was a pile of bean sprouts and a lime wedge. The curry base was loose with the right amount of creaminess. The flavor was not too strong, nor overpowering. Easily eaten in the summer without feeling too heavy. For $7.95, it is about the average price you will pay for any noodle soup, but the quality is excellent.
4	Went here for lunch today after seeing all the good reviews....and said to myself I gotta go check this place out.....and good thing I did. When they sit you down they come and bring you some hot Jasmine tea while you decide what to order, and it was perfect since it was cold outside....I decided to try the Hammered Chicken Sandwich with Sweet Potato Fries, which was delicious, I'm not at all a Chicken Sandwich type, but this was a pretty good sandwich....and the sweet potato fries yummy! If you go definitely try the Hong Kong Style Iced Tea, it's so refreshing, and the desserts are so good especially the Mango Crepe.
4	We went to Wendy's last night and had an enjoyable meal.  The place is minutes from the Mirage Hotel and the food cost is less than half of a similar meal on the strip.  We met the owner/manager at the door and she helped explain the dishes.  I had the seafood combo soup and my wife had a cube pepper steak dish.  Both meals were excellent with large portions.  They also gave us a complimentary soup. Will definitely return next time in Vegas.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE this place! I've been here numerous times and everytime has been fantastic! The customer service, the food, everything is wonderful! They have a big variety and everything is delicious! They desserts are refreshing and different! Also, the prices are really low and the portions are big! I LOVE Wendy's Noodle Cafe and highly recommend it!!!! I recommend the cubed beef with rice, the wonton soup, the popcorn chicken, SWEET POTATO FRIES! For dessert, the mango crepe is absolutly delicious!
5	Thanks yelpers in Vegas.. I went to Wendy's twice on my last visit.Its a great place for quick Chinese food that is nice and fresh. English Friendly and ok service, the cafe is very clean.* order beef chow mein is one the best I could remember, for both taste and size.Wendy's has a tapas menu that offers great deals for $4.95, Can wait to go back.
4	Love this place~~!!!!!It is been long time I didn't get any Chinese Food at outside restaurant, because it is different than in China. BUT!!!! IN HERE I can get My Favorite Chinese food and Hong Kong Style Durian Crepe!!!Finally I found it, in Las Vegas "Wendy's Noodle Cafe"~~~And ALSO I Love their customers serve!!! Everyone in here are NICE people~~~~Smile all the time, it makes me feel like at home~~~ comfortable and enjoy it ~~~!!! Definite coming back!!!
5	I love Wendy's Noodle Cafe! The staff is very helpfulthe restaurant is very clean and tidyfood is amazingthe BEST desert menu!always a repeating customer :)
3	Ate here recently based on yelp reviews. I was excited that there was a hong kong style cafe in vegas. Unfortunately, the food was mediocre at best. Had the chicken wings, portuguese pork chop over rice, and the spicy seafood noodle soup. All were passable but none would make me want you come back.
4	Love love love this place.  Wendy and her staff always greet us by name and give us special attention always... treating us to special treats not on the menu, knowing we'll always appreciate it.  The wait staff is attentive and the food great.  Wonderful value. AND Wendy makes the most gorgeous fruit tarts... try one.
5	OMG, we loved this place so much that we went there for lunch and dinner in one day!  The customers speak volumes about the place, when you have locals that bring in their families and the staff barely speaks english, you know the place caters to locals and not tourists.  Food is delicious, tasty and affordable.  The deserts, snacks, and extras like crepes, are varied and tasty.  My husband had the rice cakes with beef and jalapenos, so delious!  I had the kidney and shrimp noodle soup with the steamed chicken with the oh so good scallion and ginger sauce.  For dinner my husband the the same dish because it was so friggin good!  I got the rice cakes cooked with beef and ramen noodles and a mango tapioca dessert.
4	There are plenty of reviews for this restaurant already.  I really just want to upload a picture of my favorite drink there.  Bottomline is if you are looking for a Cantonese-style cafe, then Wendy's is for you.  This is as good as it gets in Vegas.  Ho sick!  (That's "good eats" in Cantonese.)
4	Ate here last week, and the food is great.  The menu is a little more creative than some of your standard Chinese restaurants which is refreshing to see.  Service was pleasant, quick and efficient.  definitely be back!
4	We enjoy eating at this restaurant.  The service and food here are very good.   What we really enjoy are the desserts they have.  We are huge fans of the mango crepes and the coffee float...so good!!!  The actual food we enjoy are the Pan Fried Rice Cake with Soy Sauce and Egg, Noodles with X.O. Sauce, and the Shanghai Dumplings to name a few.  The food is not overly seasoned, but in good way.  We enjoy the simple flavors here and the portions are perfect.  A regular here and don't plan on stopping anytime soon.
5	Finding Wendy's Noodle Cafe has made my work trips to Vegas more enjoyable.  I had the Fried rice cake with egg and soy sauce, steamed pork ribs with rice noodles, and flaming hot cheesy chicken.  Finished with mango crepes.Yes, I said flaming hot cheesy chicken.  Sounds gross but it was pretty good.I noticed another reviewer downgraded Wendy's for having a beer/wine/tapas menu but I think it's just easier for them to list small dishes as tapas.  And of course, beer/wine just more money to be made.  Also, the chef seems to enjoy trying new things, can't fault him for that.  I understand, you want something "authentic" -- but I found this to be true to a Hong Kong style cafe -- at least, in its varied menu with solid sweets.  Reminds me of home.At least, in my admittedly narrow experience of Vegas, this is one of the better restaurants.
4	If I do not have to think about the consequences, I'd come and eat shrimp rice omelette @ Wendy's everyday - it's that addictive. Fun & casual asian comfort food joint. I'm glad I live nearby!
3	Wendy's Noodle Cafe, located at the Western edge of Chinatown in Las Vegas, is a non-descript looking building... in which it, in it's former life, was a Pizza restaurant. Wendy, herself, is a middle-aged Asian lady, who re-located from San Diego a couple of year's ago.First impression upon entering... Small place, nothing fancy... most of the patrons were androgynous college-aged Asians. Thought to myself... glad my kids didn't go through this fashion phase! I think, when they were this age... baggy pants were the fashion statement.Onto the food...Mango Pudding (**) No Asian restaurant that I've been to prepares Mango Pudding like this!Wendy's Mango Pudding is a triple-layered Pudding made with Gelatin... not Milk-based that you'll find at most other Asian restaurants.The Pudding looked OK. Triple-layered... Top and bottom layer were more opaque than the center layer, which contained bits of Mango. OK in flavor... but I didn't order J-E-L-L-O!!! All the layers were made with Gelatin... all previous Mango Pudding ordered at Asian restaurants were never made like this.Rating on Yelp reduced to 3-Stars based mainly on this disappointment...#82 Singapore Noodles (**** 1/2) Perfectly made... On a 6" square porcelain plate you'll receive... thin Vermicelli Noodles with Bean Sprouts, slivers of Green Onion, Red and Green Bell Peppers... stir-fried with Medium-sized Shrimp, and slivers of Chinese BBQ Pork! Smaller portion than at most Asian restaurants.Salt & Pepper Tofu (**** 1/2) The square cubes of Tofu are prepared like any other Salt & Pepper entree - fried at a high temperature until the Tofu looks like small Sandstone colored bricks. The Chef then tops off the entree with Green Onions, and most impoerantly some sliced Jalapeno Peppers which gives this entree a real kick. Very, very good! I think the kids had some trepidations upon my ordering this entree... but it became the most popular...Salt & Pepper Calimari#41 Won Ton Soup (***) Kathy's order of Soup, which she said tasted "funny".BTW, $15 minimum on Debit/Credit Cards...
5	tip: the sweet potato fries is greatness, must trythe only hong kong style cafe (hot milk tea, iced lemon tea) in vegas.  has many items on the menu, including wonton (legit wontons, good sized) noodles, roasted duck noodles, french style steak cubes with rice, and beef brisket in tomato broth noodle.  the beef brisket noodle in tomato broth was very good; the soup was very rich and tasty.  they have many things on the menu such as rice, porridge, noodles, and hor fun.  Also has many snack items like the sweet potato fries, which is just awesome, crispy and super soft inside.
4	Hong Kong style noodles! Sooo good on a cold day. Ordered the shredded chicken egg noodles; the broth was delicious. Been here twice and they have yet to disappoint. Will go again and bring family and friends back (: The one star deducted for the poor dessert. They should just stick to what they do best, the noodles! Not so much the dessert. Tried to mango and tapioca in coconut syrup(?) Kind of looked like the picture, tasted artificial and different. Besides the weird dessert invention, the noodles are amazing and highly recommended (:
3	My favorite dish that I've tried here is the Stir Fried Udon with Seafood.  They also offer an XO sauce, which adds some spicy heat that I have yet to try.  Their Shanghai Dumplings are pretty good, but I've def had better.  I thought their House Chow Fun and Beef Short Ribs were just ok.  While they didn't knock my socks off with any of their dishes, I'll definitely return as I think that they are a solid Asian food offering.  I used to be a Joyful House addict, but Wendy's is equally as good with more competitive pricing.
4	My favorite place to get some chinese dessert!  From my last visit, I thought the entrees were just okay, but the XO sauce made the entrees a lot tastier.  The desserts are very delicious, especially the mango tapioca with coconut milk!  I usually just come for the dessert.  I really want to order the fruit tarts they have pictured at the front, but for a party of 1 I'll probably never finish :(
5	My friends asked me why I don't take pictures of food.  The reason is because the food is so good I just dive right into it and I finish it before I get a chance to take my snaps.  This was exactly the case when i visited this place.My order-- chef's special fried chicken wing.  The wings were seasoned fried with the perfect amount of batter.  There were about 6 pieces and it was poised off in less than 6 minutes.- mixed seafood and chicken over rice.  A very delicious dish.  The gravy goes with rice perfectly.  It is really hot so make sure to not just stuff your face when the dish hit the table.  I burned my mouth, but it was well worth it.- steamed dumplings- silong bao basically.  It was a good starter dish.- seafood with pork rice noodle soup.  The soup is what brings the dish together.  It was not too thick and very flavorful.  The proportions were generous.I am very happy I visited this place. Next time I am going to try out some dessert.  Can't wait to go back!
5	Great food! Unusual unique choice and cheap! The service is also great, unusual for a Chinese restaurant. We had mochi with black sweet rice, green tea ice cream with fruits, indonesian fried rice, porridge and shrimp udon. They were all great. They also served peanuts. Peanuts plus porridge: heavenly.
4	How many times have I turned this place down due to the mistake every time I get invited to eat at Wendy's after church I always think they're referring to the fast food joint...haha but I'm glad to have corrected that mistake because this place is one hell of a find if you're craving noodles at the moment.I have been here several times now and have never found it to be busy.  The service is one of the best with the owner or manager occasionally coming out to talk to you personally about the food.My favorite noodles are the seafood with rice (egg) noodles and roast duck with egg noodles.  Don't worry if you're not in to noodles because they serve other great dishes too besides noodles, like their oyster omelette and a combination of american/chinese food on their east meets west menu category.  Their website is great too because it shows all the food with pictures.  Here check it out at http://www.wendysnoodlecafe.com/ You can't go wrong here because even if you are left unsatisfied because of your bad taste in food, the prices here are really cheap.BTW this is my 100th review as a yelper of 1yr.  Yeeeaaaah! Hey Misti do I win a car for this?
4	I've officially ended my relationship with this place-- at least for another week or two. I've eaten here so much for the past few weeks I think I have lo mein noodles coming out my nose!Wendy might have snuck in a few addictive ingredients to keep clients like myself and the bf keep coming back for dinner almost every night!! My bf loves the steamed dumplings, short ribs, salt pepper shrimp and seafood lo mein. I happen to like the lo mein as well(add some sriracha for a little kick!) and their assorted mushrooms with bok choy hot pot! The only thing that left us disappointed was the dessert. We tried the Napoleon with some fresh fruits, and it was not good whatsoever. I didn't know what to think of it. It was flaky, light, bitter and sour at the same time. We also tried the red bean with mung bean drink and it was pretty standard. Good thing the food was good so it made up for the nasty taste I had in my mouth from that NapoleonDessert.
4	Ever since I moved to Vegas from Los Angles, I have been graving Hong Kong styled cafe till I found this place. Best HK styled cafe in town. Here are my favorites items on menu: Indonesian Fried Rice with curried fish ball, Flaming Hot Pork Kidney, Dried Scallop & Goji Berry over Chinese Greens, Grilled Shrimp Rice Omelet, Stir Fried Chow Fun and Seafood with XO Sauce, peach pudding, shaved ice with red beans+taro+grass jelly+mango+concentrated milk
5	I have wanted to write a review about this place ever since I stumbled upon it about six months ago...but I've just been too lazy. I hate over-selling a place so I'm going to keep this review simple. Wendy's is, by far, my favorite Chinese noodle restaurant in Las Vegas. If you love noodles and rice cakes, you'll absolutely love Wendy's. Don't let the name throw you off...It's seriously the best noodle place in town. As my five star rating suggests...it's as good as it gets!
4	Pretty legit. Yup. Pretty legit. Came here after seeing the nice marks on yelp (thank you yelpers!).The service was great. Truly helpful and answered any question I had about the menu. Did feel like they kept trying to suggest things to get more on the bill... Oh well, their suggestions actually helped me to pick out my favorite dish.I ordered the rice noodles with soy sauce and egg (they told me I should get extra egg and I did). It's a chef special so I assumed it was good. And damn right it was good! It's a flat rice noodle times a hundred.. So really, it's a THICK rice noodle pan fried with egg and soy sauce. Could have been a bit more crispy but it was still bomb.com! I didn't really need a sweet/sour sauce that accompanied it.I also ordered just a simple rice noodle soup. No meat. No nothing. Just a bit of greens... The soup was delicious. Not overly oily. Just the right amount of flavor. Delish!!!The desserts were good. I wasn't really use to the dessert menu but decided to venture forth and got the Mango/Tofu pudding. Fresh mango. Soft tofu.. awwww it truly was mango heaven.Wendy. Who are you? I need to meet you. because I need to tell you you're awesome!!! OH it was also very nice and clean in there. Totally wasn't expecting what I saw inside.
4	Good comfort food. 3.5 stars but rounded up. It's cheap and what you expect it to be. Had the juicy dumplings which had soup in it and quite tasty. Also liked the suikaow noodle soup. Lots to choose from so try it all. The crab vermicelli wasn't anything special. Don't order it. Will try curry next time. The dessert was the fresh fruit filo crust thing. Not really fresh fruit other than the mangos. Was ok, would probably go somewhere else for dessert. If you don't expect much (this is not meant for full family sit-down meals), and treat it like a lunch or late night cafe spot, you'll be satisfied.
4	Stopped into Wendy's Noodle cafe for lunch with a few of my co-workers.  The atmosphere was a clean well staffed asian diner.  We were promptly greeted and seated.  The menu had the usual asian offerings with greater focus on noodle dishes. I ordered the Beef Lo-Mein ($6.95), Potstickers ($5.95) and XO Green Bean (Spicy and very good $9.95) and everything was very good.  I usually judge asian dishes based on how much soy sauce I have to add for flavor, and in this case I didn't need to add any, the dish was very tasty as served!  Overall the wait staff was friendly and helpful explaining dishes and I had a very positive experience.
4	Great food.  We had the Salt & Pepper Fish, the House Chow Mein, Popcorn Chicken, and the XLB's.  I give everything 5 stars and the XLB's 4 stars (but then again, I'm comparing them to DTF).  oh..and if you're hung over, the hu tieu trieu chau (Trieu Chau Style Rice Noodle Soup) will cure what ails ya.
5	My new go-to restaurant in Vegas for cheap Chinese eats. My friends and I were on a mission to find some good Chinese food and were so impressed with Wendy's Noodle Cafe that we ended up coming twice in a row. First things first, hands down, the best youtiao I ever had. Each piece was fried just right, brimming with crispy, oily perfection. And it costs only $1.95 and was definitely  a favorite among my friends and I. The wonton noodle soup was delicious as well. I was looking for something brothy and warm, since I needed to recuperate from the night before. The wontons were crafted perfectly, with a generous helping of meat in the interior and slippery, soft wonton skin on the outside. Even though the dish is advertised with thin egg noodle, you can just inform the waitress of your choice of noodle. The broth is light but flavorful and was perfect for warming up my stomach. Curry fish balls were delicious too! Small, yellow fish balls served with a sweet  thai-curry inspired sauce made for a wonderful appetizer. Chinatown in Las Vegas boasts an array of Asian cuisine. But Wendy's Noodle Cafe is one of those restaurants that shines just a little brighter than your typical cheap, Chinese restaurant.
4	This place has potential with its huge menu and decent prices.They start you off with peanuts and hot jasmine tea.  Hmm odd combo but I enjoyed.So on our first visit, we ordered (per recommendations off yelp): Grilled chicken wings- pretty good. Nice presentation too with lemongrass on top.Beef cubes in blackpepper sauce -decent, good flavor, steak was not overcooked (better at Pho Kim though), Seafood & pork  noodle soup (26) - a bit bland, but after adding a smudge of hoisen and chilli oil and paste it was better.  Eating fish cake and fish ball is always a mystery cause you don't exactly know how it's made but I fairly enjoy it.  It also had pieces of squid, shrimp, and pork.  Wonton with egg noodle soup (47i think). -far tastier.  The egg noodles were perfect with scrumptious pieces of wonton.  The casing was soft and delicate, the inside was meaty and flavorful. Mango Crepe - Mango was sweet topped with hWhipped cream and wrapped in a crepe.  Pretty good but nothing crazy ah-mazing.("why are you putting so much emphasis on the H?'' 'say cool whip".."cool hwip" -brian & Stewie)The staff was friendly and quick. We had at least 3 people stop by and ask if everything was okay throughout the meal. Great Team work Wendy's noodle cafe!   We told the lady we enjoyed and asked if she was Wendy. She sadly said know but she was happy with enjoyed the food.With such a robust menu and great prices, we must come back!
2	All the reviews of terrible service are true.  Been to noodle shops and it's not rocket science, most of the work is already done.  No chit-chat needed, don't even need to be friendly- take the order, bring the food.  Noodles were good enough- won't go out of my way to rush back.
5	The spot to head if you want something with noodles or asian which for me is most of the time, so Wendy's is a new favorite on the rotation.The duck noodle soup with wontons is so satisfying it's hard not to order every time, but so far everything I have tried has been good. I like their chow fun, something about it really hits the spot for me.Their menu has so many different items it's hard to choose, and now I'm even having trouble remembering specific dishes I have had there, but I know every time I have left really content.
4	Found this place through Yelp and I'm glad I did. Wendy's Noodle Cafe is technical a chinese restaurant, but their menu contains items that you might not be able to find it other chinese restaurants. I think their Tapas items are good and reasonably priced. For those who like sweat deserts, you gotta try their shaved ice or red bean float, they are so freaking good, much better than the boba drinks that ya'll probably have drank so many times now.I think all of the items on the menu are reasonably priced and good, except one item in my opinion. The soup they use for "noodle soup" has pretty much no flavor and bland, so stay away from their soup based items. Other than that, I think you will like their food.By the way, their customer service is excellent and their restaurant is very clean. And they do take credit cards.
5	WOW- WENDYS! Found by accident, someone actually sent us elsewhere, but we could not remember the name of the place...so....Wendy's looked good. SO GLAD WE STOPPED IN!  The honey eggplant was so delicious & the noodles were so tasty.  The place was immaculate and the staff was friendly..The highlight...Wendy herself was working and introduced herself as we were leaving.  Support an independent business like this one and you won't be disappointed! Will be back for sure!
4	Wendy's is a great little hidden gem in the otherwise scary weird food you find in a lot of vegas.  It is located in the china town area of vegas a few miles west of the strip.  Wendy's has some really tasty noodles and seafood and some good sounding drinks.  I got the seafood chow fun.  It had perfectly cooked shrimp, squid, and some sort of fish in it.  The seafood was all tender and well seasoned, the noodles were perfect and had just enough bite to them.  I'm not sure if they make their noodles in house or not but they are really good.They have all kinds of other random stuff too like sweet potato fries and popcorn chicken but it is kinda cool because they are a little more creative than traditional places.Good prices.  The only trouble is picking between here and China Mama which is right across the street.
5	Great noodles and wonton noodle soup.
5	I REALLY enjoyed our meal here. Thanks to my fellow yelpers, I found a place that is comparable to what I'm use to in the 626. Would totally come here often if I was a local.This place is Authentic cantonese, chiu chow! Their hong kong milk tea reminded me of what I had in Hong Kong--perfectly brewed. The spicy clams, although it wasn't spicy enough for me, was so fresh and delicious. The Steamed Egg Mapo is ingenious--great substitue for tofu and I loved it so much more. And I totally agree that their sweet potato fries are a must try. We even ordered the mango crepe for desert and it was an awesome blend of creaminess and sweetness. Definitely going to make this a must stop during every Vegas visit. Will need to try their Chiu chow items next time (being that I'm chiu chow and all). Oh, and the service was great too--they kept on changing our plates and came over to make sure everything was okay!
5	The last time I had Shanghai Dumplings this good I was in Shanghai!
5	Great Hong Kong cuisine with some modern dishes. We had the sweet potato fries, seafood and pork rice noodles and thinly sliced beef in steamed buns. We also had the coffee milk tea and mango slush which had a dash of cocunut milk. For desert, we got mango crepes which was filled with whipped cream and mango and a mango pudding with a layer of mango jello in the middle. Everything was delicious and we can't wait to go back. We will reccomend this place to everyone we know.
5	After the meal, I strongly suggest to try their deserts! Very creative and tasty!
5	The wife and I love this restaurant. The staff is very attentive and eager to help with menu suggestions. The food is comforting, delicious, and inexpensive. We recently stopped in for a late breakfast on a Sunday morning. We had the Beef Cube Rice Cake Ramen, Pan Fried Rice Cake with Egg, and the Grilled Beef Short Ribs. Nice and piquant, but mild enough for the flavor of the dish to still come through.
4	This place has a little bit of everything, Chinese, Vietnamese, Thai, Korean, Singapore,... as  other yelpers have said, the complementary broth is just weak. Just say no. Ok, onto the entrees. Singapore fried rice is 5 stars. It comes with 3 chicken wings (yummy!), fried egg, and 3 fish meatballs. Rice had a hint of curry. Just perfect. Cubed beef was impressive at all.  The fried rice tasted like a weak spanish rice. Beef had no flavor.  Wonton noodle soup was good. If you like spicy, ask for chili oil (I think it's homemade... It had little tiny reconstituted dried shrimp that added flavor to the very common chili oil. YUMMY). House chow fun (dry sauce) was good..solid 4 stars.Rice sticks with eggs and sauce  were also 4 stars. For dessert we had shaved ice with red beans and mixed fruit. It is served with a side of sweetened condensed milk. You can pour as much as you like! So refreshing! 5 stars for the shaved ice. Thai tea with boba gets (sorry) 2.5 stars. Had better. Hong kong iced tea with boba, again sorry, but 2 stars. Service was great, but bathroom is  like other typical Chinese restaurant bathrooms, sticky door and not so clean floor. Overall 4 stars for great prices and good food .
5	Wendy's Noodle Cafe has an awful name. BUT, but they have awesome food.Please, please, please, for my sake, try the Pan Fried Rice Cake with Egg and Soy Sauce. Sounds gross, yes, but it is GODDAMN DELICIOUS.  Put a little Sriracha in the dipping sauce and...mwwah, ecstasy.  Almost every table in the place will have an order on their table.  Trust them.Oh, yeah, they also have noodles too.  I'd recommend the E-Fu Noodles with Shredded Pork and Mushrooms.  This flat noodle dish is tasty!  I wasn't as big of a fan of the Seafood Chowfun, but, I'm not really a Chowfun fan in the first place.  There are endless noodle and rice options on the menu.  They even have sweet potato fries ( tempura style with sesame on top).  There is likely something for everyone.Overall, service is good (super, super, super friendly and helpful waitress on my first visit) and speedy.  I will so be back.
5	I never know what to expect from strip mall asian restaurants.  As a matter of fact, if this one hadn't come recommended by a great friend for whose palate I have the utmost respect, I would never ever stepped foot in this place.  But he has been telling me to go for months and when he invited me to lunch today, I took the plunge.  By the end of the lunch we had 4 sapporos, 3 appetizers and 4 lunches and got out of there for $23.00 per person.  There were salted nuts on the table as an appetizer to warm us up.  We had friendly, quick and helpful staff despite the place being crowded.  We ordered the salt & pepper calamari, some ribs, and chicken wings.  The calamari was awesome. Just the right mix of salt, pepper and hot sauce or teryaki on the side.  The ribs were a little tough but the chicken wings were also perfectly crisp with just enough flavor.  The main dishes we tried were the flaming hot beef and rice, seafood chow fun and some sort of asian omelet that looked like an egg burrito.The flaming hot beef and rice was perfect.  The beef was sweet with just a hint of the red peppers and if you wanted the kick, there were plenty of peppers mixed for you to bite into.  The seafood chow fun was lightly dusted with XO sauce giving it just a bit of a kick.  Swirls of calamari, talapia, shrimp and scallops were generously thrown into the chow fun.   The omelet was thin and heavily loaded with rice.  I had no room to try it but one of our biggest eaters could not even finish it.We ended up stuffed and happy and looking forward to going back.The prices are excellent with the most expensive lunch item being about $11.00.
5	Limited Food, but what they have is pretty darn good.I am always on a quest to find some decent Chinese food in the valley.  Here are my takeways for this place:1.  Service - Wow, I am impressed.  Normally the service from a Chinese place is not the priority, the food is.  However, here, the service is great and very friendly / family oriented. 2.  Food -  We had oodles of noodles and they were great.  a.  Beef Stew with Egg Noodle - Very tender Beef Stew, nice flavor and texture.b.  Seafood with Egg Noodle - Plenty of seafood and a very clear and pleasant broth.c.  Roast Duck with Egg Noodle - The roast duck reminds me of the ones I would order when home in San Francisco. Very nice taste, good parts with meat and not just the fatty chewy bits.d.  Beef Chow Fun (Dry) - One of my favorites and this place serves it very, very good.  We ordered two servings to take home. e.   Beef Tomato over Rice - Also a simple favorite of our's and I haven't found this on very many menus in the valley.  A simple home style dish and it was tasty.3.  Fellow Yelper My T advised that the toilets here were clean.  Hey now, I must say that the toilets were in fact pretty decent. That makes this 4 star place a 5 star because that is nearly impossible to do in a Chinese restaurant!GK says, check this place out.  Inexpensive food, very home style and tasty.  This is real Chinese food at it's most basic family style and not the Americanized style you find at so many places.  Yep, they don't have orange chicken and broccoli beef!!!!
5	We are from California on vacation and looking for Chinese. On the suggestion of other helper we came here.  This restaurant is great.  They have a modern twist in Chinese food.  Some of it had more of a Vietnese flair.  On the suggestion on a fellow helper, we tried the pan fried rice cake.  Strange, but loved it.  Have to try the Shangihai dumplings.  They were delicious.  Will come here whenever we visit Las Vegas.  Prices are cheap too after eating on the strip.
4	Gave Wendy's a 2nd try today after an underwhelming first visit.  Was disappointed to find out they no longer have the Baconator and seemingly have replaced it with a Salted Fish and Dry Scallops Fried Rice dish.   Odd choice.Of course I kid.  But this was my 2nd visit and I must say I was completely underwhelmed the first time having ordered the Seafood Chow Fun.   I found the taste to be fairly bland which was about the last thing I expected.It took me a while to return but this time I went with a Wonton with Egg Noodle Soup (because nothing is more comforting in 102 degree weather than a steaming hot bowl of soup).   When I made the take-out call the woman pressured me heavily (by asking "Do you want Duck with that?") to get added Duck to the soup.   A few minutes later and I was on my way.Redemption complete Wendy's!   I love that for my take out order they separated the broth from the noodles/wontons/duck.   I rarely order soups like this take-out so I dont know if it's the norm, but I loved the option of constructing the soup myself.  It makes me feel like a Top Chef Master.  The star of the soup to me was the duck.  I'm a big fan of duck so it doesn't take much to please me other than simply providing the duck to begin with, but there were several nice pieces and the flavor was extraordinary.   I thought the noodles and wontons were fine, but had I not gotten the duck it probably would have kept the meal at a 3 star level so I was glad she asked me if I wanted it.   Overall Wendy's sits at about a 3.5 for me, but I'm rounding up because the service was pleasant and the prices are fair.
3	Wendy's Noodle Cafe is all right.  Nothing spectacular.  We ordered:- Shrimp Dumpling noodle soup - broth was a little watered down and not enough flavour- Shrimp and Chicken rice noodle soup - broth was tastier- Special Ribeye Steamed Buns - quite good- Dessert - Shaved ice with crystal jelly and grass jelly - came with a little jug of condensed milkService was spotty.  Difficult to flag down wait staff.
5	Not enough good things to say about this place. During my trip to Vegas we ventured into Chinatown for some good eats at a non-Strip price. Yelp didn't disappoint with this gem!A little hard to find due to it's middle of a strip-mall parking lot location and faulty Google Maps, it was worth the trouble. It's right off Spring Mountain and it represents what a Chinese restaurant should be. I got the roast duck egg noodle soup and my date got the wonton egg noodle soup, with us sharing a porridge and oil sticks. Prices on everything are super cheap, i.e. 6-7 dollars for the most part, and portions are largeee. The roast duck was terrific and was like Mama Kung used to make. The soup was tasty and richer than expected too. The porridge was bland for my tastes but some people like bland porridge haha. The oil sticks were sufficiently oily and crunchy while the wonton soup was big and tasty. Food had that homely canto feel that I love. Prices were very good and the service was way above average for a Chinese restaurant. Nothing bad to say about this place and I will definitely go again :).
5	i had the shrimp wanton with noodle and bbq pork and dry beef chow fun for ~18.- Fast and friendly service. food was ready in 5-10min. Always quick to refill. - Wantons were big and bbq pork was meaty without fat. portion was average. - Soup spoon was a little shallow. Wish it was a little deeper to get more soup. lol.- chow fun is better than Seafood Cove. Not too oily and gave fair share of beef. - Although I did not have the desserts, it looked good enough for me to come back and give it a try sometime.   ^___^~~!!
3	I had the mango tofu pudding for 6 on a friday night with high school musical. lol.- Soft and sweet mango! So delicious. Small chops. Less than one full mango :/- Tofu pudding is a great compliment, but it alone lacks taste. - Picture is deceiving. It's like a big-mac ad. portion is way too small for 6. - Went to albertson's right after and got 4 chaco tacos and 6 klondikes for the same price! haha - I'll try a different dessert next time. maybe the mango tapioca sundae
3	This place is all-around a great Chinese cafe. The place is very clean and the service is great too! The only downside is that I struggled to communicate with their mostly foreign workers, but if you speak Chinese, all the power to ya! Ordered the egg noodle with roast duck. The broth was BOMB. With a little help of my bestfriend Sriracha, it was irresistible! The roast duck had good flavor, but my duck had barely any meat to it and was mostly fat pieces! We also ordered this fried chicken bites that were overall okay. In all, this place was decent and a great place to bring large groups. If you're looking for some casual Chinese food, this place is the way to go!
4	Great selection of casual authentic Cantonese food. The service was a little slow during lunch hour, and the food was a-ok. Overall a welcome addition to Las Vegas, and I look forward to trying out the many choices, especially the HK style desserts!
2	After reading all the great reviews on Yelp my gf and I decided to try this place. How can anyone compare this to SGV places? I ordered chicken wings and duck with egg noodle soup and both had no flavor! The duck itself was pretty good but the noodle and chicken was so bland! I had to mix a bunch of things just to get decent flavor. If I had to put that much effort I would just cook at home. I don't get how restaurants fail on the broth.. buying canned chicken soup broth would produce flavor. I wouldn't go back.
5	Coming from NYC, it's hard to find a good place to get Chinese food.  At Wendy's, it is close as it gets.  The menu is very diverse.  It has some traditional Cantonese dishes and some east meets west dishes.  It's fresh and tasty.  The staff is very attentive and they speak english (a big plus).
3	I got the duck wonton noodles, salt and pepper calamari, seafood udon (I asked for non spicy)  and it was all pretty tasty but not amazing.The plates were all closer to 10 bucks.Clean place, understaffed but they worked quick.
2	Whenever we go to Vegas, we love eating off the Strip and we love trying new restaurants. Since there was a thunderstorm that day, how can I not get the wonton noodle soup? After the waitress took our order in Chinese, she was back in a jiffy with my noodle and I was excited! I took one bite....WHERE'S THE SALT?!Seriously, my taste buds is a bit on the lighter side when it comes to salt but this dish was bland! I have never went to a Chinese restaurant where I had to ADD salt into my food. And I had to add A LOT OF IT. The egg noodles were bland. The soup was bland. The wonton itself was bland :( The only salty thing on our table was the complimentary salty peanuts.Awww this is one of the few times Yelp has failed me :(  Would not recommend.
2	So I went to this place on Sunday after my parents helped me move in to my new apartment and we were all pretty excited and was expecting some darn good noodles from the yelp reviews. My mom got the Hu Tieu #26, my dad the wonton noodle soup, and I got the spicy seafood udon. The broth in the #26 was good but I have had better (Hu Tieu in OC, on Newhope), and the wontons in my dad's noodles were a disaster. The meat in it had a smell that indicated that it is old and pretty much going bad. My seafood udon was not very spicy and not very flavorful. There was not a lot of noodles in it either. I also got the assorted vegetable chow fun. It was seriously lacking in flavor and very greasy. I ended up tossing most of it. Overall, I would not come back for any of the noodles here. This place still has a long way to go to even think about competing with the SGV noodle scene
4	Good food and very affordable.  We ordered the wanton soup with BBQ pork, hot beef dish, and roast duck,  we also ordered the guy land dish not knowing the guy land comes one the side of every dish.   The duck is kinda dry but this place is good and fast service.
4	I order the NY steak and rice hear. I thought the steak could of had more flavor, but over it was good. It's good to know that their is another joint that I can turn to when I get tired of eating the same old great food on the strip. They serve a lot of HK style foods, like fish balls. And they gave garlic chicken wings. Like the famous words of Outkast "ain't no thang but a chicken wang"
5	My favorite Hong Kong style cafe in Las Vegas!There are many different types of dishes and dessert as well as a large variety of  drinks. The service is quick and friendly. Also I've heard that the owners' nephew is pretty awesome :)
5	The assorted seafood egg noodle (dry) is so good!  Would definitely like to come back for the noodles!
3	I love the interior design of this place and their american asian style cooking makes it even better. Tried the Salt and Pepper shrimp, spicy chicken udon soup and can't complain yet I believe I had too much shrimp, lol. next visit it will be a new entree or appetizer.
4	Looking for cheap good Chinese food? This is the place to go. This place is pretty much a HK restaurant. Been here multiple times and something about it keeps me coming back. The food is decent and the service is pretty good. They also have some decent deserts.
4	I wanted something more than your typical Panda Express food. I wanted something new so I headed to Wendy's Noodle Cafe after I read the numerous reviews. While I was reading through the reviews the Mushroom Noodles , Beef and Tomato Rice, and the Chicken Wings stood out so I ordered them. The servings were more than enough for two.The Mushroom noodles had too much of a pronounced mushroom taste for me. Don't get me wrong I love mushrooms but after a certain point I get nauseated. These tasted better the next day with a dash of Siracha. The Beef and Tomato Rice was delicious! It's like nothing I've tasted before. It had tender pieces of beef with tomato gravy over rice. I would come back just for that dish alone. The Crispy Chicken was nice and crunchy just the way I like it! They are the best wings I've had in Vegas at an Asian food place. I wanted to be adventurous so I tried the Durian Crepe. When I was ordering I forgot that it was known as "the stinky fruit". The creme inside of it was good but when the waitress kept saying I was brave to try the Durian because many people think it smells. I started to see why after two bites. If I could compare it to anything I would compare it to garlic. The taste was very potent . If you are on a date don't order this. The food was tasty and different and the service is friendly!
4	I freaking love this place! A friend of mine decided to meet here for dinner, since i wanted to try something different. She suggested this place since she knew this was good.And I must say ... Good indeed..We ordered the salt and pepper calamari, which was really good, had no tentacles which I love! I usually dont eat the tentacles anyways.Next we also ordered the Rib Eye Bao burger which is TO DIE FOR! NO JOKE! I love it I love it! if You guys are ever in Wendy's make sure you guys order this..Next we also ordered the Shanghai dumplings which is to die for as well. I suggest you order this too..Then finally decided to try the Kimchie rice cakes. Was not a fan but it was different.. Im use to having rice cake as a dessert not as a entree. Overall the service was great. This is located in front of the 168 supermarket.Try now, you'll love it.
4	Very clean with great service.  Best chow fun i've ever had.
3	We looked up this place and found it on yelp.  We are big noodle lovers and are always looking for a good noodle place.  We were greeted at the door by a lovely lady who seated us.  It was noon and about half the place was full.  We ordered the Shoyu ramen with bbq pork and my hubby ordered the roast duck with egg noodle soup.  The broth was marginal and the noodles for me were all stuck together in one large clump!  It reminded me of how I make it at home :)  Not sure what all the fuss was about this place.  The place started to fill up after we left.  Maybe we just ordered the wrong dish..
1	Thought I would try this restaurant with all of the great reviews posted by other Yelpers. I came here for lunch and left really disappointed. We had the kalbi appetizer, roast duck noodles, and won ton noodles. The noodles were stuck together and the broth was bland. This restaurant is definitely not on my repeat list.
4	For a Chinese restaurant, this place is chic.  It's not your typical Chinese Restaurant.  They cater to light eaters and family style dining.  They actually care of their presentation of food.  Pretty good service too. They have a huge menu.  You have small appetizers for yourself, appetizers to share, they still break down the menu by veggies, chicken, beef, noodles, rice dishes, etc.  Great for when you are trying to decide on variety.  Its really hard to choose what to eat because they have chef specials, a lot of photos around the restaurant to get inspired from too.  For you light eaters, try their mango shrimp salad.  Not as much greens as I would of expected, but still a good enough portion.  Flavorful shrimp and slices of mango.  It was clear dressing (thumbs up), a citrus type of flavor.  I've shared the fried chicken.  Its basically salt and pepper style fried chicken.  Nothing out of the ordinary, but its still good.  I have tried the Nang Yang noodles.  Mmmm, Nang Yang noodles, yummy.  Huuuuge portion, could probably feed about 4-5 people.  It's chowfun noodles with peanut butter flavoring, beef, and some veggies.  This is very heavy, so a dish I highly suggest to share. Steamed fish wasn't a disappointment.  I thought it was a small portion, but with the amount of food we had (party of 3) we still ended up bringing leftovers home.  I still have a lot more to explore and if I come across something I like, I'll be sure to edit my review.  I always leave with my to go cup of 3 bean drink.  They have a lot of dessert that I need try.  Every visit though, everyone is too full to share with me :(  I'll be back, so I'll try to just eat the desserts by myself!
5	This place inspired me to write my first review on Yelp.  It is literally some of the BEST Chinese food that I have ever had.  This is coming from somebody who's been to all 50 states and eaten their fair share of Chinese and Asian food too.The restaurant is super CLEAN.  I can't get over how clean the place was.. everything from the plates and spoons to tables and chairs.  The wait staff was very friendly and menus were nice and easy to read in English with photos. As for the food, my table got:Wonton Noodle Soup - Really high quality and top notch.  No "mystery" ingredients in the wonton like some places.  Broth and noodles were fantastic too.  Some of the best I've had. Beef Chow Foon - The best beef chow foon I've ever had.  Beef chow foon has to be somewhat greasy to be good and this place got it perfect.  Just the right amount of grease (not too much like a lot of places do which makes everything brown and soggy).  Ingredients again were really high quality and the noodles were the perfect size/width. Shanghai Dumplings (Xiao Long Bao) - Really good.  Not as good as the ones I've had over in Asia but still very tasty.Dessert - Don't remember what it was called on the menu (you'll see it in the big picture on the menu) but it was a bowl of dessert tofu, sweet red beans, black jelly, tapioca with coconut milk, and a scoop of vanilla ice cream.  I love all those things separately.. served together it was amazing!  Definitely try it if you like that type of dessert. Overall, I'd highly recommend giving this place a try if you're in Vegas.  The food was high quality and super affordable (like $7-8 a dish).  It's a great value and I'd easily be here once a week if I lived in Vegas!
5	This place is awesome. I haven't had this good and cheap Chinese food since last time I was in China. Everything is fresh and cooked perfectly. I recommend the lotus flower, grape fruit salad is refreshing and the chef's special fried rice is delicious.
5	Great food and service!  It was our first time, Wendy came over and helped us make some really amazing selections.  Glasses were never empty and table was cleared as we finished. We will definitely be back.
5	Went with 2 Chinese girls and we all liked it.  Large portions, good quality at a great price.  Highly recommended value proposition
5	thanks christina w. for setting up a uye! the food was awesome. christina comes her so often she had the owner set us up with a 9 course meal.my favorite one of the 9 course meal was the pinapple fried rice. it wasnt too pinapply and not too fried. our table finished pretty much everything. damn... i just remembered i forgot to take the left overs from the other table... damn...arvin's dad and his dads friend were jammin on the guitar and keyboard after we ate.  even arvin and kirsti got up and sang. i saw christina wipe away tears after arvin finished singing. i was crying on the inside... so sexy arvin.the owner was super nice and would stop by frequently to make sure we were all good.i like the food and the atmosphere. ill definitely stop by again. someone told me the building used to be a pizza hut... i could swear i smelled pizza...
5	Meeting a friend who was visiting from out of town, our party of 5 (plus infant) decided to meet at Ramen Sora for dinner. We got there, but they were packed to the gills, so we decided to head to Wendy's Noodle House instead, since our friend had a plane to catch and didn't want to waste our time waiting for a table. I remember coming here years ago when they first opened. I enjoyed my meal here that time, but haven't been back since. We were seated quickly and the service was pretty hospitable. They came to take our orders pretty quickly despite sending them away several times because we were chatting so much we were too distracted to actually pick something to eat from the littany of menu options. Our table started with some xiao long bao and steak baos for appetizers. I didn't get a chance to try either of these, but my friends raved about them. I ordered a Thai tea with boba and the noodles in xo sauce. The food came out quickly and and everyone in our party thoroughly enjoyed their meals. My noodles were nice and spicy and had a great texture. There wasn't one thing we ordered that we didn't enjoy. There are many things to love about this place. The prices were beyond reasonable, their menu selection is extensive and everything we ordered was tasty. I'm looking forward to coming back and trying some of the noodle soups and desserts on the menu. Great little spot I'm glad I rediscovered.
5	came here after reading the great reviews on yelp.  a great place to go if your craving asian food rather then the vegas strip food.  decor of the restaurant is your typical chinese noodle restaurant.  it was also pretty clean so they really take care of the place.  we ended up ordering seafood porridge, seafood noodle soup with egg noodle, and some green vegetables.  food came out pretty quick and we were pleasantly surprised by the quality of the taste.  we both felt there wasn't a difference between the tastes here compared to the places were familiar with here in the bay area.  the noodle soup was hot and fresh, and what really makes this place 5 stars is the large amounts of seafood inside the bowl and the price that they charge.  the noodle soup was around 7 dollars and the porridge the same.  this place is a great place to check out for lunch, dinner, or late night dinner as there open late.  next time were in Vegas we will definitely check out again!
3	Pretty good food, but don't expect good service. I think some of the waitresses are seriously idiots. I asked one waitress if I could charge my phone, and she took it and said she'd charge it. I asked for a Tsingtao, and the waitress acknowledged it. 15 minutes later, no beer. They started bringing out all our food, so I asked another waitress for my Tsingtao. She nodded, then walked away and went nowhere near the beer section. I asked her again, and she said, "Oh, Chingdao!" So it was because she didn't understand me. Okay... then she walks away and goes nowhere near it again. I had to stand up and ask the dude in the back for it, and he finally brought it. After we ate, which was pretty good, they gave me back my phone, uncharged. Serious mental illnesses I think. Just expect 0 and you may be pleasantly surprised.
4	We each tried a different noodle soup and they were all good! I would recommend the Spicy Seafood Noodle Soup with Udon noodles. The Beef Stew noodle soup was okay (kind of a tomato base, I think). The Wonton Noodle Soup was bland, but just what I needed because of a rough night in Vegas the night before :PAnd the Beef and Pork Noodle Soup was good as well.
4	So, I go into Pizza Hut and low and behold it is now a Chinese restaurant!I need a volunteer who can show me what to order at Chinese restaurants like this.  I can order at panda express, but these type of places I am confused.So. I just point at a few things on the menu.  I got a pork cutlet and some noodle dish.  I had the whole shrimp fried - I am not a fan of that.  Overall - The food was good.  I was happy.Then, some real Chinese people sitting next to me got their order.  It looked so good!!!  I almost asked if I could buy in on there dinner and eat with them.The place was super clean.  Probably the best service at an Asian restaurant in Las Vegas, too.  I think I will read through some reviews and take some pointers on what to order and go back.
5	I absolutely adore this place! It's a bit off the strip but is so worth the trip! The soups, dumplings, and just everything in general was delicious! My brother and I loved this place so much that we came back the next day with the rest of our family.The service is actually really really good. The waitresses suggested different items for us to try even if they weren't the most expensive. They were courteous and helped explain what a lot of the dishes were, which is generally quite rare at an Asian joint.Not to mention, this place is excellently priced! The Verdict: If you're in Las Vegas and you're craving for Asian food or have a serious hangover, this place is absolute must!
5	I love this place! The prices are amazing and they always take such good care of me. I'm not very picky but I always seem to bring friends that are. They always accommodate by preparing all of our dishes per request. The restaurant is always very clean and I love that they bring hot tea to your table as soon as you sit down. The staff is very educated on the menu and they always give great recommendations. I will be back and I will recommend to all of my friends.
4	Large menu. Well priced. We had three dishes.  We started with Curry Fish Balls Skewers $4.95.  There were 8 in all approximately the diameter of a quarter dollar coin.  The dipping sauce was sweet and creamy.  We both really liked them, but my wife blamed them for a stomach on the ride home.  Second we ate a dish of Chinese Broccoli with Oyster Sauce $5.50.  I love the stuff.  Great sauce.  Really healthy choice.  Finally, we shared one entree, which was some sort of chicken with flat, fried noodles and bean spouts.  All three were good. Bill totaled approximately $20. We will be back.
4	Yesterday was our second time dining here. We were excited to get the tea that they automatically brought to us last time, but instead we were served some ice water on a cold windy day. We looked around and all other tables had tea, so my boyfriend asked for some tea for us and the lady waitress rolled her eyes at him!! So weird. Anyway, we got the spicy wings , they were BOMB! Best wings ever. I got the shanghai dumplings and I love them, my boyfriend had mixed feelings about the juices inside the dumpling. We also got the fried rice and singapore noodles. The rice was delicious and had a good amount of shrimp in it. The noodles had a nice spice in them, but were tiny bit salty. I would ask for a fried egg on top next time too. We ordered the mung bean, red bean, jelly and coconut milk drink for desert, it was amazing! We will definitely go back, hopefully no attitude about the hot tea next time. :)
5	Eating out is awesome.  Eating out at Wendy's Noodle Cafe is awesomer. 3 pieces of their Rib Eye Bao Burger, 5 pieces of their Grilled Beef Short Ribs, Great Service...Wendy's Noodle Cafe Go Boom!!!There's so much on the menu that you really have no excuse but to come back.  At Wendy's, you have a gang of choices from Starters, Noodles, Rice Plates, and even some East Meets West dishes. Their grilled beef short ribs was good, but I loved me some Rib Eye Bao Burger.  You get 3 with your order and if you're eating with me, I warn you that I exercise portion control.  That means I control all the portions.  Sorry Terri R., I just realized I didn't offer you any.  30 minutes into dinner, Christina W. (aka the Duchess of Wendy's) sent me a super lag tip to try their fried chicken wings, fried bread, and Tom Yum fried rice. My meal was so delicious and filling that I didn't have any regrets that I missed out on Christina's tip.  But looks like I'll be back because if it's good enough for the Duchess, then it's good enough for me.  Wendy's Noodle Cafe is legit.  I'm quarter Chinese and the meats that I had reminded me of what you can get in Chinatown SF or at my very own family parties.
4	Their service is fast and friendly. I like going here because of the Hong Kong style milk tea and the food is good! The only downfall would be that there is no lunch specials and they have a $15 min charge on credit cards.
4	Another bookmark down!  Mel C. and I dined here one night last week and, after I found the place because I was looking for it next to 168 Market, we had a very pleasant dining experience. Bright, shiny, and clean exterior with friendly and attentive service, Wendy's is actually a stand-alone building facing Jones Blvd. Diners are served tea and peanuts upon arrival--nice touch. There are so many tempting items on the menu that it was hard to choose, but I settled on the Shrimp Udon, as well as sharing the Kalbi appetizer with Mel.  The food was served quickly and it was hot, fresh, and delicious!  Our glasses were never empty and we both spent part of the time figuring out which kind Asian lady was Wendy.  We'll just have to go back to solve that mystery and, of course, for more of her tasty food.
5	This place is clean and very nice. Friendly service is a plus. Everything I had there so far wasn't a disappointment  hammered chicken, cubed beef with rice, soups, noodles, and most of all their deserts. I am addicted to their Mango crapes and egg custard with mango and coconut milk!Yummy!
5	Still one of my favorite Chinese places. Good friendly service, clean and bright space, good consistently food. The owner is always so cheery and humble and remembers us each time and comes by to say hello. There are some unexpected fusion type dishes, but also traditional foods too (though this is not your average Chinese menu, more like Chaozhou style). Everything is fresh and comes piping hot, in large portions. There really isn't much over $10 so I feel this place is also good value on top of it being on with flavors. Since I come with fair regularity, I figured I should just make a running tally of what I'm ordering. Favorites - E-fu noodles: I have a thing for e-fu. It's a soft noodle with very subtle flavors, but comforting to me. Honey Glazed Eggplant - It's like honey walnut shrimp, but eggplant and less mayo-y. A bit of hot sauce and this crispy bite is a guilty pleasure.Lotus root w/ pork - this isn't on any of the menus, but the black board menu all in Chinese. I've only ever had lotus root in soups so I had no clue it was crunchy. Thanks to Christina W. this became my favorite, though it's hard to order it since I don't know the Chinese name. I show them the picture I took! Haha. BBQ Pork Rice Plate - their bbq pork here is juicy and perfect. Comes with rice, and steamed veggies. Singapore Noodles - not on the menu anymore, but they have all the ingredients and still make it for me. This is my favorite place to get it actually, just the right amount of curry flavor, has that yummy bbq pork slices and shrimp on it. Fish filet salt & pepper - theirs is really nicely crisp and I like they make it smaller pieces than larger filets so easy to split, and plenty of crunchy surface. Other stuff I've tried worth mentioning - Nan Yang Chow Noodles- I've only had this once so far, but it was interesting and good. I didn't know what it was so figured, what the heck? It's wide noodles in a rich peanutty, spicy XO sauce. I would order this again. Crab with XO sauce vermicelli - I'm not too keen on vermicelli, but somehow between this and Singapore noodles, Wendy's sells me on it. Seafood XO sauce stir fried udon - This is like, chow meins  spicy, savory cousin for foodies. I think I just like anything in XO sauce. It's that umami spiciness that is irresistible. You can also do this with thin rice noodles, but have not tried it that way. Spare rib black bean sauce hot pot - I love those spare ribs at dim sum, but I just wanted a whole bowl full on rice. Finally a place with it in a entree size just for meeee!  Pan fried rice cake w/ egg - The BF isn't a fan so I never get to order it, but I love crispy rice cake and with the over easy egg on it and dipped in a bit of soy and red vinegar - yum! Salty fish rice with chicken - their fried rice is fluffy and not greasy at all here so even if salty fish isn't your thing, try another fried rice and I don't think you will be disappointed. Also their desserts here always look great and interesting but I never have the room for it. One day. One day I will have a dessert. I've also never really ventured much in terms of their soups, though I always see people ordering it up. I know I've forgetting a few things I liked. I try to order 1 new thing and 1 favorite when I visit so I'm sure I'll be updating this review a few times.
2	I kind of came here with high expectations and was pretty disappointed. I ordered the wonton noodle soup which was average, nothing extraordinary about it at all.The bf ordered the seafood chow mein and the beef cube dish.The chow mein was not bad, though it had too much gravy for my liking. I was actually quite disappointed in the beef cube dish, it looked so yummy on yelp and on the menu, but the bf said the meat was mostly fat and to me the flavor was way too bland... We also ordered the shaved ice with mango and red bean but it didn't really have a "WOW" to it at all :/ The only cool thing was that they gave you your own condensed milk syrup container.
4	Everyone's trashed. Everyone's hungover.  How great is the food?  This is not the review of a sober person.  It's a review from someone who had a long night and wanted soup, noodles, fried rice, omelets, wontons, boba, duck, EVERYTHINGGGGGGGG.The duck noodle wonton was pretty good.  While the duck pieces were not very meaty, the soup itself had good flavor and for $7.50 I guess you can't really expect a fatty juicy duck?Ok that's all I remember.  Oh and don't be fooled the oyster omelette is just an omelette with oyster in it. It's not the taiwanese o'a j'ian.  But it still tastes good.
5	Lets go over the cons first: We made a mistake of dinning at this resturant as soon as we got in town. The menu was so huge that I think the only thing its missing is a double chesse hamburger. I could probably dine here for a month without ordering the same thing twice, and that deprived my opportunity of trying the other resturants in Vegas. That was the only complain I have.Food was good and service was perfect, hope this place will be around for a long time so we don't have to look for a good Chinese resturant next time we go to Vegas.
3	This is a quaint place in Chinatown. Good place for quick, cheap Chinese food. However, even though was decent, it was quite bland. The boy an I were constantly using hoisin and sriracha to try and add some flavor to these dishes! One thing that was delicious though was the shaved ice!! We had it with mango and red bean. It comes with your own condensed milk receptacle. Service was decent. Not bad, not great. Crisp, clean atmosphere with Kpop playing in the background.
4	Purpose of visit: Lunch with the boys after an all day atv trip in the dessert. We ordered all kinds of noodle soup. Spicy beef, shrimp, pork - came out in these huge bowls piping hot. Devoured in minutes. Perfect place to take a break from the high powered prices of places on the strip. Came out to $20 a head. Can't beat it.
5	My Las Vegas friends recommended this place and we met there for dinner. Plenty of parking in a large shopping center. The prices are very reasonable and the quality is top notch.  The chef is doing things right here. The place has about 15 tables of various sizes and the menu is huge.  Their kitchen can't be that big, but they put out many exotic dishes that you know are not pre-made.  It's not like a dollar a scoop where trays of food are sitting in the back ready to serve orange chicken.  I can't remember the names of any of the dishes because my friends did the ordering, but the two items that really impressed me were the roasted duck because its crispy, but not over cooked like a jerky.  The bao's come with a side salad and the dressing was something I never tasted before.  I should has asked about it.  Everything was good and even the smallest things like a house salad dressing is impressive.
4	I went out with a few Yelpers last night after an event and we ended up going here to eat. The food wasn't too bad. What I really enjoyed looking at were the variety of boba/bean tea drinks that they had in their menu as well as their specials/desert list which included flan, green tea ice cream, hong kong style crepes, sweet red bean soup etc. Although they didn't serve gigantic dishes they keep the price of the appetizers and foods quite moderate and affordable. You can order noodle soups, different fried rice combinations, shrimp, chicken wings, sweet potato fries, omelets, duck, chinese veggies, fried pork, chicken, beef, and even a rib eye burger. It's quite a small location but the food is served and cooked very fast. They even provided us with free chinese tea to begin with. I met the owner of the cafe "Wendy" and she was a very friendly person who made sure that were satisfied with what they had to offer and indeed we were. The dishes were quite small however and I ordered a dumpling soup which I believed that I could've easily made at home. Other than that, the menu has a bit of a wide variety, it's quite affordable, and they do have a few things that are quite notable.
3	This place is quaint, bright, and clean.  A very thorough selection as well, with many items offered here that you wouldn't typically find in conventionalized Asian restaurants.I'm a huge fan of noodles and noodle based dishes, so the assorted seafood and pork soup with noodles is what I just had to try.  While it was well put together, it was somewhat bland.  The noodles lacked a base flavor, so the taste of flour was very apparent.  The mini scallops were also rubbery.  They didn't hold back on the pork however.I did save room for the mango crepes.  Quite good, but presentation was lacking.  They could at least try to remove them from the pre-packaged box.  The color was very striking, like an electric orange blintz prepared by only the finest Jewish clowns.
4	We had the Shanghai dumplings, the seafood noodle soup, and the seafood udon stir fried (which was better then the seafood udon soup that my aunt ordered).  The food was very tasty, the prices were very reasonable, and the service was super.  Would good back.
4	We were tired of our tradition of eating at Sam Woo each time we visited Vegas.  We needed something new.  We came here for dinner after reading all the Yelp reviews.  It was an easy decision since I dislike Sam Woo.  Wendy's Noodle Cafe is an Asian fusion restaurant with lots of creative dishes.  They have gone where no other Chinese restaurant has gone, at least in the Southern California area.  Unfortunately, I was not brave enough to try their fusion dishes.  We stuck with their Chinese dishes.  The 8 year old daughter absolutely loved their Beef Chow Fun with gravy.  She normally is a very small eater.  She almost finished the entire plate of noodles by herself.  We also got their Seafood and Salty Fish with Dry Scallop Fried Rice.  Because the daughter dislikes rice, we hardly eat anything with rice in it.  Their fried rice was awesome.  The Poached Pork Kidney with ginger and scallion was cooked and seasoned wonderfully.  My only complaint was that their portion was so small.  I like this place!  It is a lot better and cheaper than Sam Woo.  I'm glad that I don't have to go to Sam Woo ever again!
4	We ordered Wonton Egg Noodle Soup and Yang Chow Fried Rice. It was not very flavorful yet I appreciate the fact that it is not MSG packed unlike similar restaurants. It tasted cleaner than others. The place was clean and pleasant. Great service and friendly staff. I'd like to come back, they have an interesting menu.
5	Multiple signs tell you this is a good Chinese restaurant: it is in "Chinatown"; the menu makes more sense in Chinese than English; the first sentence the waitress speaks to you is half in English and half in Chinese, despite you coming in with non-Asians. Compared to the $$$ and $$$$ places on the strip, this joint is heaven on price, quality, and quantity. We ordered the grapefruit salad, which was simply amazing. It's not Chinese, but they managed to make the dressing wonderful and it was better than any fruit salad I've tried. We got the Chef's special tofu clay pot and this was my favorite dish of the night. The tofu was tender and the broth it was cooked in was aromatic but not overwhelming, exactly what we needed after a physically strenuous day. The spicy stir fried beef was also decent, but not quite as astonishing as the clay pot. Maybe I just thought they could've gone crazier with the spices. Oyster sauce broccoli was a welcomed veggie dish, though it was pretty standard in terms of taste. Our least favorite dish was the seafood noodles. Compared to every other dish which was rich in flavor, the noodle, broth, and seafood were all on the bland side. Oh, and rice came with the dishes, you didn't have to order it (really it should always be that way!). Finally, for dessert we ordered the rice mochi with peanut and caramel. I actually did not see any caramel in it. Maybe it was just the light lines of caramel sauce drizzled over the plate. These were bite-size mochi filled with peanut filling (the same kind you'd get in rice balls). These were steamed, I was told, and I highly recommend them ! It was made just right and a somewhat unusual dessert to find.Service was good. The waitress even helped us get a cab when we were trying to get back to the strip.Next time I come to Vegas, I would definitely come to this place again!
4	always a good place to get some good food that doesnt smash the wallet. went two separate occasions:had the wonton noodles and popcorn chicken. the wontons were good. a lot of flavor, but the noodle and broth itself wasnt as savory as i thought id be. the popcorn chicken had good seasoning and i really liked the fried mint leaves? i think they were mint leaves.other time i had the beef cubes. you really cant go wrong with this dish. its always consistent with the way its cooked and flavor. the green beans tend to be inconsistent. sometimes undercooked or sometimes overcooked. theres a lot of new items on the menu that ill try out. for a place that has noodle dishes for under $7 bucks, you really cant beat it.
4	We met up with my old boss here for lunch today.  She's a picky eater and her taste is completely different from mine. We got there a few minutes before they opened at 11am. We ordered items that are on the "safe" side. We ordered Salt and Pepper Calamari, Salt and Pepper Prawns, Curry Duck...but we got served Roasted Duck instead, Beef Cubes with Black Pepper Sauce, Wonton with Egg Noodles and BBQ Pork, Pork with Bitter Melon, Rib Eye Bao Burger and Mango Crepe.  Overall, it was a 3.5-star experience. THE THINGS I LIKED:Thai Iced Tea Float: I love Thai Iced Tea...add vanilla ice cream and it becomes an extra creamy drink. 5/5Salt and Pepper Calamari: tender pieces of calamari lightly breaded and fried. Garlicky and tasty. 5/5Roasted Duck: we can agree to disagree on this one.  I'm not a fan of animal fat unless it's bacon. This duck was lean and lacked a lot fat which is why I liked it. 4/5Beef Cubes with Black Pepper Sauce: tender cubes of lean beef served with rice and green beans. 4/5Mango crepe: so yummy! Fresh juicy mangoes with cream. A light dessert. 5/5The Rib Eye Bao Burger was too sweet.  The Pork with Bitter Melon was not my choice - I was reminded why I refused to eat bitter melon when I was a kid.  Blech! The rest were alright and non-remarkable. The service was pretty good and our server was very attentive.  The only hiccup was we ordered Curry Duck but he was given Roasted Duck instead.  Oops!
4	BFF searched and scoured Yelp while I drove to Chinatown. She picked this place and went through the reviews to make sure we ordered the right stuff.Chef's Special Fried Chicken Wings were absolutely delicious. Crispy on the outside and moist on the inside. The flavors were great too.Lotus Root with Cured Meat was my favorite! The crunchy texture of the lotus root coupled with the saltiness of the cured meat is the perfect accompaniment for a bowl of steamed rice! I wish we could get something like this in Orange County. We also ordered Stir fried A vegetable which was highly needed since we never eat enough vegetables when traveling.Baos were my least favorite even though the server said it was their house specialty. I thought the bun was way too thick and really hindered the eating experience. The stir fried beef strips with onions were way too wet and made the bun very soggy very quickly. Perhaps a drier version with a little bit of greenery will make it more attractive as well.All in all, a really tasty meal. I would return again!
5	I found this via a friend on Yelp. I love this place! I am so glad I went in and tried it. The food is very innovative and creative. The owner (Wendy) has been in the business a long time. I think she came up with a creative menu and I can't wait to try something different every time I go. I even ate here on my birthday! Who knew?!PROS: Honey Glazed Eggplant               Shanghai Dumplings               Rib Eye Bao burgers             Beef cubes stir fried w/ rice cake and jalapeno             Ginger and egg fried rice             Roasted duck             Mixed fruit shaved ice             Chai tea w/ bobaThanks to joining Yelp and making friends I found this place and many others.  More check in's to come from here!!!
3	Ok, I really feel like this could be a 4 star spot, but I had some service issues and food disappointments.Let's start off with the negatives and "meh's" :Ordered the Curry Duck :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/wendys-noodle-cafe-las-vegas?select=_KJsI8uT_LdFvFdiniBg7A#_KJsI8uT_LdFvFdiniBg7AYeah, that's Roasted Duck...not Curry Duck lol.  When I brought it to the servers attention, he laughed and said it was not curry...obviously.  No offer to replace the dish or fix the misunderstanding...And this duck was super lean...not too much meat on those bones, and the little that was there felt overcooked.  The meat didn't have too much juices on those bones, and the skin was so crispy that I couldn't enjoy it and ate around it.Pork short ribs Stir-Fried with Bitter Melon :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/wendys-noodle-cafe-las-vegas?select=fMzqWY6oLJ6CWJ9lry_eWw#fMzqWY6oLJ6CWJ9lry_eWwMy first time eating bitter melon...it's bitter LOL. The pork ribs were good but tiny.  I'm not holding the bitter melon against the dish, because it is probably made well for what it is...just for the people that aren't familiar with it like me, be prepared to most likely not enjoy it.Wonton with Egg Noodles and BBQ Pork :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/wendys-noodle-cafe-las-vegas?select=fpLfQZatF0B0eiSWVd7kgQ#fpLfQZatF0B0eiSWVd7kgQIt wasn't bad...wasn't great.  Just meh to me.  French Style Beef Cubes with Black Pepper Sauce & Tomato Rice :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/wendys-noodle-cafe-las-vegas?select=wayufB5zBNxOkcYYn6zJKg#wayufB5zBNxOkcYYn6zJKgThis was not bad...I didn't find it very tender, but good taste!  I thought the beef was a little chewy, but it's not a bad choice overall with the tomato rice.The goods :Salt and Pepper Shrimp :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/wendys-noodle-cafe-las-vegas?select=BYjmWx0BTbm0Yc1tZvGGCw#BYjmWx0BTbm0Yc1tZvGGCwThis was the tapas portion, which is a good value at only $5...less than $1 a shrimp.  I have definitely had better elsewhere, but this was good bang for your buck variety, and since I was the only one eating them, I didn't feel like I had to splurge on a $12-13 platter of them.Rib Eye Bao Burgers :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/wendys-noodle-cafe-las-vegas?select=DqRiuTVf0Xt0LdDM0AxIxw#DqRiuTVf0Xt0LdDM0AxIxwProbably my second favorite dish here!  Some may find the marinade too sweet overall, but I enjoyed it, and the bao themselves were super fluffy and soft.Hong Kong Style Mango Crepe :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/wendys-noodle-cafe-las-vegas?select=k55QCCal89lUCW2e55WudA#k55QCCal89lUCW2e55WudAGreat taste here...large chunks of mango inside!  I would recommend it, but liked this better :Thai Iced Tea Float :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/wendys-noodle-cafe-las-vegas?select=UHf2q7kS4-GFt4bFhXyYfA#UHf2q7kS4-GFt4bFhXyYfAThis was great!  Dessert in a glass :)And best for last....Salt and Pepper Fried Calamari! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/wendys-noodle-cafe-las-vegas?select=AomUQn8DvGqHZHpqc4UTrgThis was great...my highlight of the night. Very juicy insides and plenty of flavor.  This will be a must order if/when we come back for more.I will give them another try...hope I can bump the review.  But there was a lot of "meh" and "I've had better" that distracted me from fully enjoying the experience here...the misunderstanding on the order and how they handled the problem was the icing on the cake.
3	Tried this due to the good reviews on yelp. Somewhat disappointed. The server was pleasant and food portions were decent size. But the food was a bit on the oily-side. Not what I expected I guess. Food was decent but not sure I'll go back on my next Vegas visit.
5	Great!  Finally find one the whole family would like to go!Though it is a bit further away from the strip, it is worth the extra 5-8 minutes drive
4	Diverse menu, good value and friendly service.I stumbled upon this place by accident, meant to go to another noodle cafe joint but the yelp search engine led me here, lol. Nevertheless, I was pleasantly surprised. Can't say enough how diverse their menu is. I expected a variety of noodles but they had some great fried rice and pasta as well. They served a small portion of peanuts while we were waiting which was pretty cool. I had the Wonton Noodle and the Yum Tom Goong Fried Rice, which comes with an assortment of fish, veggies and egg strips. While the Wonton was decent, I thought the noodles and broth were just meh. The Wonton dumplings are a little chewy and unusually large. the Tom Goong dish, on the other hand, was great. It has a spicy yet sweet taste, very unique. The value of the dishes are excellent, ranging from $5 tapas to $10 for a regular dish. The service was friendly, food comes out in a few minutes and never had to wait for a refill of water. Excellent place to go during lunch or dessert.
5	I was able to knock off another spot that was bookmarked and loved it! It was almost 9 pm when we arrived and the there was a good amount of customers inside. They have different sizes of tables to accommodate the size of your party. There was a nice man who greeted us and took us to a table right away. Drinks and peanuts were brought to the table and the night was off to a great start.There were tons of things on Wendy's menu that I had never seen before. After much menu gazing I decided on the "Flaming Hot Stir-Fried Beef" priced at $8.99 and it was so good! The portion was much more then I expected and the dish was packed with delicious flavor. This was a dish that could easily be shared. The rice brought with it was cooked perfectly. You just can't go wrong with the prices at Wendy's or the portion.Wendy herself came over to our table to introduce herself and ask how the meal was. I mentioned that I was curious about a few items on the menu and she took much appreciated time explaining the items on the menu and asking me what my personal likes were so she could suggest certain dishes for the next visit. She mentioned that the "Clay Pots" take at least 30 minutes to prepare and that you can just call ahead if you are on a time crunch and they can start preparing it for you. Wendy was so genuinely nice and it is evident she cares about the food they are serving as much as the customers.They have TV's inside and offer catering. This is the type of place you could go on a date, take your family, or just grab some lunch on a break. Inside was very clean and the water they serve is filtered. I will for sure be back!
2	Wendy's noodle house was off the beaten path..the roasted duck was too salty. Wonton noodle needed  more broth. Maybe we'd get better service if we were a local and a regular. We got the hammered chicken also, the tomato fried rice was too dried and the chicken had the juice hammered out of it..maybe it was just me. Nah the chicken was dry.
4	I went to this place with my bf last Sunday. Overall we were quite impressed. A solid 4,  maybe 4.5 for sure. We plan to go back again this weekend. I'll give a more detailed review by then. All I want to say for now is: if only half Chinese restaurants in U.S are operated with the standards of this cafe, Chinese food as a brand would get a much better reputation and much more respect.
4	Really loved the menu options... not a fan of rice cakes which seem to be in a lot of the options, but other than that the food was excellent actually slightly better than excellent.. try the steamed bao it is awesome!
2	Overrated big time...  This is why you can't always trust yelp.One of the biggest indicators that the place is good or not is if you can see the ducks/chickens hanging, and they butcher them in front of you.  That was not the case with the roasted duck and chicken we ordered.  There was a clear indication that these items were cooked way earlier in the day, and they were microwaved to heat them up when we ordered.The rice that came out was also terrible.  It was hard, and definitely not jasmine rice.Other than that, there weren't too many authentic items, and it was somewhat expensive for the quality of food.Go to Sam Woo instead and try the duck and chicken there.  The difference is night and day.
4	Funny how we just came from the San Gabriel Valley to Vegas, to have Chinese Food...but did it measure up?Food: 4/5Actually it was pretty good.  I had the Chiu Chow Seafood rice noodle soup (yes, it was 110 degrees), but it was a decent late night meal.  We also had dumplings noodle, and that was OK.  I was more impressed with the rice noodle soup since it was up-to-par with the Chiu Chow Restaurants I've been to in my neck of the woods.We also had they rice balls dessert dish, and that was good, too. They make it fresh from order, and the rice balls (warm and chewy) came with a nice serving of red rice. Service: 5/5Nice, efficient, and friendly. Nough, said!Ambiance: 4/5Looks like it's family-run. It's clean and well-lit.  It was a bit warm inside, and they had 2 gigantic floor fans blasting, with A/C running.Final Verdict:Definitely coming to this place when I am craving authentic Chinese food. And of course, if 99% of the patrons were Chinese (mostly Cantonese), then you're definitely in the right place for some HK style food.  =)
4	Stopped by this cafe recommended by a friend for the wonton noodles and Chinese desserts.  It was 118+ degrees outside and the fresh watermelon juice was heavenly.  The heat curved my appetite and I ended up opting for dessert instead of lunch.  I ordered the Fruit Napoleon and regretted it, I should've figured that you don't find fresh berries or mangoes in the desert.  Trying my friends' desserts, I should have gone with the Black Sesame Ice Cream with Palm Seed or Guilingao Herbal Jelly with Longan & Coconut Milk.  They had also had ordered the wonton noodles and curry fish ball, which were both good.  However, it's hard to want hot soup when it's scorching outside.
4	i got the seafood fried rice omelette was authentic & delicious and the eggplant was just as delicious !!
4	Went to dinner here last night and was a great experience. There was so much food to choose from and decently priced. The popcorn chicken and grilled short ribs were great. I went with a group of 4 and the best looking dish was the Lemongrass Clay Pot chicken. Very nicely put together. Will definitely be going back to try more.
4	Love eating here... Its western-asian fusion. HK Style Cafe.Friendly for all ages/people.Get the Mango Dessert :)
3	We came here because Ramen Tatsu was closed.. apparently they are closed on Mondays.. bummer!!!!I had heard good things about Wendy's so it was a good second choice pick!There was a bit of a language barrier with the servers but they did their best and also gave us some complimentary peanuts and some sort of broth with pork in it while we waited for our food so that was very nice..Our dishes came out 1 by 1 but to be honest, as I write this review, I can't really remember how anything tasted.. The food didn't taste bad, it's just that nothing was very memorable or Yelp-worthy to me.. We tried the wonton noodle soup, tom yum fried rice, dry chicken chow fun & salted fish + chicken + tofu + eggplant hot pot.. I applaud them for having different fusion dishes on their menu and I may be back to try those dishes.. But as far as the Chinese food that we tried it was all just very average..HOT TIP: it looks as though they have some good shaved ice desserts and boba drinks on the menu so you may want to stop by to enjoy one of them and cool yourself off~
4	This place is awesome!! Salt and pepper shrimp...skip the appetizer portion and get the bigger dinner portion...trust me!There is a lot to the menu so ask questions.....Mango shrimp salad is amazing and the noodles (we like vermicelli) are awesome....
4	I AM AND I'M NOTFor an early dinner I was joined with the first Yelp reviewer of Wendy's Noodle Cafe. Actually, he didn't have a choice since I refused to return to a New York named noodle restaurant down the street on Spring Mountain.I may frequent this cafe once a year.  Love the restaurant setup and menu.  It's clean, modern and features tons of dishes I plainly enjoy.  The desserts are heaven. Noodles and wonton are solid.  But some of the rice plates are sometimes like shooting craps. It's not so much an issue of quality but an acclamation of style. For example in China, they add sugar to their cola or eat their french fries with mayonnaise mixed with relish. BTW there is new menu that is super easy to navigate. There's a separate menu for tropical drinks and beverages.  Here's what we ordered and shared:-Chicken wings (Very sweet and tasty)-Long green beans (Well prepared and certainly cooked to preference)-Beef short ribs with rice (Short ribs will never be tender especially when prepared on short notice)-Hammered Chicken with rice (Taiwanese dish)-Portuguese curry baked with pork cutlet with rice (Very heavy in curry)-Cambodian boat noodle (Yu-go chauffeur super enjoyed)-Shaved Ice Dessert (Best part of the meal)I need to remind myself to try their chow fun... everyone seems to speak highly of it.  Good place for a light and affordable meal.
4	So excited about finally getting me some Wendy Noodles Cafe. SInce I only keep hearing rave reviews from all the yelpers been blessed enough too have meet in life. Always fan of asian food and just fan of small free standing family own spots around town. Wendy Noodles Cafe has that vibe but also some of the food there putting out real creative and tasty. Since I was only my first visit BUT far from my last never really got into the interesting stuff. The things I did try was the mango and shrimp salad, rib-eye Bao Burger, and order of kalbi. The mango salad was awesome! Refreshing BIG time with the mixed organic greens with nice spicy dressing, ample amount of fresh mango in the salad and the shrimp came on skewers two of them. I only wished they used the bigger size shrimp. Still it had really nice crust on the outside, taste the marinade or sauce on it (Really could have just ordered the shrimp on the skewer by itself), and nice size salad. It first course for me. Salad lot of food. Honestly feel Pan Asian mango and shrimp salad is better and really in league all its own........The rib-eye Bao Burgers more like sliders that just poop in your mouth. Two or three bites later want more more. Unfortunately only get three per order. The combination of the steamed bun and the rib-eye perfect on point! I love the flavor, and moist throughout every bite. The steam bun found memories of peking duck, steam bun, and oyster sauce. It not duck but for sure its next best thing combine with steam bun!!!!!!! Kalbi been craving so had too get order. The Kalbi was tapas style so don't expect full order just tease. It good tease. The flavor loved it. Just wished they had full order on the menu. It came with little kim chee. I really enjoyed the kim chee. It not too spicy spicy but just right. Just wished had more room too try more of the menu.The menu is pretty large or felt like good size for small restaurant. I felt was  different they offer full page of tapa style food (hence where ordered the kalbi; most part all the items are under $10). Given it was my first check in another thing notice they add lot of new items throughout the menu from the new item logo. The desserts they offer shave ice. Yet another reason count on return visit. Really little of everything on the menu. Service was great! They never rushed me came too my order. Never had empty glass. My last course the kalbi. I liked the fact they gave me heads up that one of the dishes that expect 10-15 mins. Kalbi it well worth the wait. Wendy Noodles Cafe see you very soon my friend! So much more too try!!!
1	This is very authentic food. I love different ethnic food and honestly their menu was still a little too authentic for me - and from what I got not healthy and not all that good. I ordered a chicken lemongrass bowl. The chicken was in a lot of oil - all over the chicken - with a plentiful layer at the bottom of the bowl.
5	Love the food, the help is very nice, I had the wonton noodles and the ribeye buns...they both fantastic and I can't wait to try more dishes!
5	I've returned to Wendy's several times since my first review six months ago.  The b/f and I have brought friends and family, some local and some from out of town.  Everyone has enjoyed the food, the service, and most of all, Wendy herself.  What a gracious hostess every time we visit. We came back again to have an early birthday celebration for Chad S.  I had the delicious mango shrimp salad, always a favorite choice that never disappoints.  We also brought our own birthday cake for Chad, his favorite Red Velvet from a different restaurant. Wendy and her staff had no problem putting it in the back and bringing it out with the candles we supplied at the requested time.  They even sliced it up for us--what service!  Wendy has become like family and we'll keep coming back for the food, service, and hospitality.
5	Great service and the food was great. I am quite a picky eater and I got no complain. I liked the salad dressing that came with the fat cow bao burger. I drink a lot of water at restaurant and my glass was never empty at Wendy's. Good portions. I want desert but was too full. Will come back again.
5	This place is way more authentic than the name implies. I love the house pan fried noodle. its hard to find a grease free pan fried noodle but Wendy's comes as close as I've seen. Everything is delicious though, right down to the house roasted and salted complimentary peanuts. I love that little touch. The service is good as well, if a little hard to communicate. Good service doesn't need anything other than table and body language to be competent however. I think this place is a hidden gem. The prices are reasonable too so even though there is no lunch special I can still fill my belly for under $10. And walk away satisfied with money well spent.
5	Great prices for great variety, taste, and portions! I always love coming here because the food is so flavorful. The desserts all look awesome as well. The times I have stopped by it has been pretty quiet but in a good way. Definitely a must go especially if you're in the area!
4	Great Chinese restaurant with a wide variety of food to choose from. My favorite dish is the chicken chow fun with gravy and the Portuguese pork curry over rice. The dessert selection is also worth trying. The owner Wendy is very down to earth and cares about her customers. If you are from Vegas or visiting from out of town I recommend visiting this place. It's about a 10 minute drive west from the strip located near Chinatown off of Jones (between Spring Mountain & Desert Inn in the 168 Supermarket shopping center).
2	This isn't the first time I've been here. In fact, all the other times have been pretty pleasant. However, it seems like this place has gone downhill since.I was there with my family, and they give out complimentary peanuts to the tables to munch on while waiting for their food. We had a party of 9, and they only gave us one small dish. We asked for another and the server said we need to charge for an extra dish (keep in mind parties of 2 next to us were able to get the same sized dish we had). Then she goes to the back and brings an extra dish out saying, "nevermind, here's another one 'FREE OF CHARGE'"... It seemed from there she was already annoyed at us?Anyway, I had the wonton noodle soup. Simple enough, right? Wrong! The broth and noodles were nothing special, just what you'd expect. It came one one piece of vegetable. I mean come on, it's not too expensive to toss in another piece or two, right? But my real complaint comes with the wontons. They tasted like they have been sitting there for at least a week in the fridge and the meat has started to go bad. I couldn't even finish my first one.Then we had a rice dish served in a clay pot. This is where the server brings it out, mixes it for you, and then serves it to you in bowls. Upon first bite, my aunt found a strand of white hair and we immediately notified the waitress. From then on, the service dropped significantly. She did the routine "did you want to change the dish to something else?" in which we decided to change to a fried rice dish (which was fine, no complaints there). Later on, she came back and said, with a bad attitude, "That wasn't hair, it was a piece of glass noodle," and just stomped off.  First of all, our family works in the food industry. We can DEFINITELY tell what is hair and what is 'glass noodle'. She never apologized for her attitude, nor the fact that there was hair in our food.When we received our bill, they charged us for the fried rice, AND the rice dish in the clay pot, in which we refuted because we only took one bite out of it and returned it. We will gladly pay for the fried rice dish, but definitely not the clay pot dish.  We had to get the manager/owner? over to get everything sorted out. At least she was helpful and apologized for her server's behavior (hence the extra star). I've never had such a poor experience with this place. Probably won't be back again.(on a side note, all of our other dishes we ordered were of edible quality. We had udon noodles with xo sauce, fried chicken wings, chow fun, etc. Not the best, but at least it was edible.)
4	Can't believe I didn't know about this place until just a few days ago! Wendy's features Cantonese and Hong Kong style food and snacks. I was greeted as soon as I walked in and after being seated I was immediately brought a cup of hot tea and a plate of peanuts. Nice! Off to a good start already.I really couldn't decide what to get after looking through the menu twice since too many things sounded good. I decided to go with BBQ pork w/ rice which was delicious! It's probably the most tender BBQ pork I've had since most other places seem to overcook it or leave it sitting too long. I even like that they drizzled sauce on the meat/rice as well. There was a decent crowd while I was there, but it never got crowded inside. Once my food arrived I really never saw my waitress again until I needed a refill...but sometimes you just need to be left alone when you're eating alone. Waitresses were constantly walking around the dining area taking care of tables or waiting to be flagged down. There were also photos of food items posted on various walls, which I presume are specials. Some of them looked good, so I'll have to try some next time around!
3	I've been looking to find something similar to Kim Ky thats located in sgv if california. Sadly, I know I can not find any replacements but wanted something along the lines of good chiu chow noodles.When I got my food, it wasn't exactly what I expected. I normally order Hu Tieu Nam Vang which is Assorted meat and shrimp on rice noodles. On their menu, it says Assorted pork and seafood. I order it dry which means the noodles come dry with the soup on the side. When my noodles came out, it was bland. Not enough soy sauce or sriracha could have saved my noodles. The soup was okay but it came out nearly cold. Soup is supposed to come out steaming hot! I also ordered the fried rice cake with egg. The rice cake with egg was too fried, felt like I was eating crispy rice instead of the normal softer rice cake I'm used to. My bf ordered a rice omelet with beef cubes. That was actually good and I like the variety of food that they have because its a fusion place.I'm giving a 3 stars because I may be back to try other foods since the beef cubes were pretty good. The service wasn't that great either. I felt like they looked at us like we were foreign. Hopefully the next time will be better.
4	This place seems to be quite modern compared to all the Chinese restaurants in the area.  The interior has decent amount of rooms for a small party.  We ended up getting a bunch of things to sample them, there were Rib-eye Bao Burger, Steak Omelet Rice, Garlic Veggie, Rice Cake, Chau Zhou Rice Noodles, and Beef Chow Fun.  Bao came with a salad on the side, which seems like it should have went inside the Bao, but it tasted nice regardless.  The steak dish with egg wrapped fried rice was quite an interesting fusion concept.  Other dishes were ok, like the chow fun was a bit oily relatively speaking, and noodles tasted ok.Wendy is a good place to experience a little modernized Chinese cuisine in town when you are tired of the traditional stuff.  Price was not high at all for Vegas.  Service was decent and they were willing to make some friendly recommendations.
4	Wendy's Noodle Cafe is a fun Asian place where you can find some delicious Hong Kong style dishes.The interior is spacious and the staff is friendly. They have a lot of unique dishes that you will have trouble finding elsewhere.We started with two appetizers that the waitress recommended and we were not disappointed.Grilled Beef Shortribs 5/5Well seasoned and marinated in what tasted like a lemongrass Asian BBQ sauce, char grilled. Delicious and a fun texture experience.Shanghai Dumplings 5/5Served in a steamer, these dumplings are awesome. The meat filling is seasoned perfectly but the real treat is the liquid soup-type filling. I wasn't expecting it so the first one I bit into went all over my plate. After that I started eating them whole, and wow they were so good. I will definitely come back for these.Salt and Pepper Fried Fish 4/5The fish tasted fresh and the breading was crispy, but there was so much salt this dish was a little hard to keep eating. It tasted like this dish may have had a lot of MSG, not sure but you may want ask if it concerns you.Assorted Seafood Noodle Soup 3/5The noodles were good and broth was fine. The fish balls were good but the squid did not taste very fresh and spoiled this dish for me.Sesame Mochi with Black Sweet Rice 4/5Unique house made dessert. Delicious black forbidden rice with sweet coconut milk, soft sticky mochi balls with black sesame filling. Yummy.
4	The rib-eye burgers were delicious!!!
5	I love this place! I've been coming here ever since it opened, it's a little, intimate, clean, very comfortable ambiance and the food is very authentic! I love my Chinese food and this place just wins my heart every time. I come here whenever I'm craving Chinese. My favorites are the pan fried rice cake, seafood/port with rice noodle soup, stir-fry needle noodle with shrimp/xo sauce, and roast duck with egg noodles, Their service is excellent and it gets quite busy during dinner time! I would definitely come back again and again.
3	I ordered the seafood noodle soup because I needed something to diminish the grogginess I was feeling from a night of open bar. It was good- tons of flavor in the broth and plenty of noodles. I couldn't finish the bowl by myself. Everyone else at the table ordered different dishes such as wonton soup, stir fry noodle, and other typical Chinese dishes. It is pretty decent Chinese food and I would definitely come back again next time.
5	Delicious food with excellent flavor. The steamed fish with tofu, mango with shrimp salad were definitely superb, something to choose again. They were flexible in customizing a shrimp chow fun dish for my picky son. We topped it off with shaved ice with three toppings - a large portion came, enough to satisfy both of us. We are surely returning another day!
3	After so many days in Vegas, my Asian tongue starts to crave Asian good so found this place. It doesn't compare to the HK cafe's in the SGV but it did its job. Came in a Sunday evening and it wasn't busy but got typical Asian service. Of course the waitresses focused all their attention on their largest party of non-Asians in the restaurant. When we came in we seated ourselves and it took 5 mins before they gave us our menus. Our order:Beef cubes with special riceHouse special chow meinBaked pork chop with riceThe beef cubes shrank after about 5 mins and the rice was just ketchup flavored rice. Overall lacked flavor. House special chow mein was suppose to be crispy and it wasn't. Baked pork chop rice was cut up pieces of pork over a bed of fried rice topped with a cheesy tomato sauce. It's called noodle house. Maybe next time we'll just try something from their entire page dedicated to noodle soups. I asked the waitress if I can buy a glass if milk from her for my son and she said that they sell them in a big container and it would be $3.50. So I told her forget it since I only needed a dippy cup full of it and then she said she would check. She filled the dippy cup and charged us $2.25. Blah.
5	Wendy's noodle cafe is a great restaurant. Probably one of the best service I have experienced from an Asian restaurant. The service is fast and super friendly, something who don't often find in typical Asian restaurants. The food is good and they have a big dessert menu which I like. Definitely a must try!
5	The food at this restaurant is so good that I had to create a yelp account and write a review. I have a large family so I ordered a variety of things off of the menu and ended up having to go back for seconds! EVERY drop was delicious, including the small complementary green salad they give you. They even brought us tea while we waited for our order (we did take out) and that was tasty.I had the kimchi and short ribs, chicken fried rice, the rib eye boa burgers, honey glazed eggplant, stir fry udon(substituted the seafood for chicken. I'm not a seafood eater), and soft noodle chow mein with beef.  You cannot go wrong with this place. I also ordered their shaved ice with mixed fruit and that was mouth watering as well.To make it even better the staff was extremely nice and very appreciative of my business. I will definitely go back!
3	Just soso
4	I have been eating at Wendy's many times during the past two years. Yet I have never written a review. I love this restaurant. Not only is the owner thouroughly involved,  she cares about her customers. If she is there, she comes to the table and asks about our dining experience. No matter what I have ordered there, it has been delicious. Their Shanghai dumplings are the best we have had. My daughter spent a year in China, and she loved them, they are also my husbands favorite. The menu could be overwhelming and there are so many things I want to try, but we seem to forget. The wonton noodle soup with duck roasted duck is always my go to.  I like the fact that they have a tapas menu so you can try different things. I have had the chicken wings and the short ribs, both good. I can't wait to try the rest. Will definitely be back, I've never had a bad meal.
3	This is a nice enough little place. The food is good, if not exceptional, and I like the variety of the menu and the Hong Kong style drinks and desserts. I have no complaints about the food. Everyone in the kitchen is on their game.The front of the house is a different story. They have serious service problems. I know Asian restaurants are notorious for lousy service, but I refuse to give them a pass just because they're Chinese. I went there on a slow weekday afternoon, and I was one of four other tables. There was no one to greet me and show me to a table so I just wandered in. It took a few minutes for the servers to realize I was even sitting there. I observed another couple who also seated themselves and had to get their own menus and napkins. The servers seemed distracted and disorganized (or just plain incompetent) and didn't show any warmth or friendliness towards me. And there was a busboy who wandered about aimlessly, dripping a trail of dirty water behind him. I assume he didn't speak English because he didn't respond to any questions or requests, either from me or the people seated next to me. Needless to say, I didn't leave a tip and I doubt I'll be back.Here's an idea. Only hire experienced servers who speak fluent English, understand proper etiquette and genuinely care about the dining experience. Take a lesson from the Strip, good food does not make up for lousy service. Unless you just want to be a carry-out place, put as much, if not more, effort into the front of the house as you do the back.
4	Thanks to Yelp, I found this establishment as I was trying to find alternatives for buffet  when I'm in Vegas..Service has always been friendly and attentive.. I must compliment Tina, we are not even locals and she remembers us every time we are in town.Anyway, about the food, their seafood noodle soup is very good, you can request egg noodles instead  as we always do. I highly recommend the lamb chop appetizer. Awesome. House special Chow mein (pan fried Cantonese style) is also great..If you ever read my reviews, I had a review for a restaurant specializing in Clay pot rice dishes. I was really sad it closed down. Amazingly Wendy's Noodle Cafe also offers similar dishes. You do need to call ahead because it takes about 30 minutes to prepare.Unless you don't mind the wait. .But it's GOOD!It's really more a local restaurant therefore not so much for visitors. But if you drive there with your own transportation, I suggest you try it. A great alternative from casino food if you are staying for more than a day or two.. It's close to Vegas Chinatown district. Very close to the strips. I always stay downtown for my visit, and I don't mind the driving at all.Anyway, highly recommended.. Try it, fellow Yelpers.
2	Bad services and rice noodles are not recommended. The assorted meat noodle tastes like a half effort version of tom yum.
5	Absolutely love this place!I've been here a few times. A couple times for dinner, and a couple times just for dessert.Everything is fantastic. Try the fried chicken wings, the smashed chicken and any of their soups. All are delicious and amazing. For dessert, the lychee ice cream with mochi is nice. Also the shaved ice is fantastic.The menu is mostly Hong Kong style with a few variations. Everything is prepared fresh, and if you want something that isn't on the menu, just ask for Wendy, the owner. She is super nice and friendly.I really do love this place and would recommend it to anyone looking for chinese food.The prices are VERY reasonable, the portion sizes are perfect (not too little and not so much that you will overeat yourself into obesity).
2	This was the first place in Vegas where the Yelpers let me down. The salt and pepper shrimp appetizer was inedible: all of the shell was left on underneath the crispy fried coating. As a result, the sauce used to marinate the shrimp never penetrated the meat, it coagulated in the head, and EXPLODED on you upon taking a bite. GROSS! The potstickers and the beef chow fun lacked any flavor whatsoever. The only redeeming quality (the service is pretty awful) is the roast duck: crispy and tasty skin with relatively moist meat and a relative bargain compared to places in NY and L.A.
5	Good food and fast.Delicious with good service and fresh tasting food.
4	After last month's Yelp Helps event, Christina W., Anthony M., and I came here for a late night dinner. Having the opportunity to dine with Christina was great since this is one of her favorite restaurants and I was happy to be directed to her favorites!We shared the Chef's Special Fried Chicken Wings, Rib Eye & White Shimeji Mushroom Roll ($4.95/each), Fried Rice Cake with Soy Sauce and Egg ($6.50), Tom Yum Goong Fried Rice ($10.95), Fish Fillet Porridge ($6.95), and Salt and Pepper Calamari ($7.99). Everything was very tasty! My favorites were the chicken wings and the fried rice cake appetizer. The wings had a great dry seasoning (which I love more than sauces) and it was moist and crispy. I love rice cake and I love this preparation - the toasted and slightly crunchy exterior and chewy, soft interior. I was surprised how much I enjoyed the dish, although I thought the scrambled eggs was an odd accompaniment. The porridge (congee) was yummy and I love that they have so many different choices! I am a big fan of porridge and this did not disappoint. The fried rice and calamari were good, but I didn't love them. I did like the flavors of the fried rice, especially from the lemongrass, which is different than rices I've had.We also had a soup before our meal (not sure what it was, but it was good) and a warm dessert soup with sweet potatoes after our meal (great flavor, not a big fan of sweet potatoes though). The whole meal was enjoyable! Wendy was so hospitable and really personable with her customers! It was truly a pleasure to meet her, since you could tell how passionate she is about the restaurant and the food. I'm excited to try more items from the vast menu.
4	the service is excellent and the water is crisp and tasteless! overall the food was good and tasty. the pork spare ribs in the clay pot was tasty but came with very little meat. we ordered the salt and pepper calamari which was soft, tasty and well seasoned.  in addition the Thai ice tea float was perfect! the Thai ice tea was not sweetened so the ice cream was perfect with it.
5	Their new, fish with mango and thai curry is AMAZING! Nicely cut fresh mango; with a mild spicy thai curry with perfectly grilled fish. Makes a great combination!!
5	The food here is great, service is also great I had their seafood gumbo, which was the perfect blend of rice and sauce. The sauce was absolutely savory, including some freshly incorporated hot chili peppers. Their house soup is also delicious! The service is amazing, with the owner, Wendy, coming out often and asking me if we needed anything and to let her know if I needed anything.
4	So memy girlfriend and I came to this place because we heard about their Thai tea float drink. The drink was AMAZING, it had just the right amount if sweetness mixed together with the ice cream. As for our main dishes we decided to try their noodle dishes ( I mean it is a noodle house right?) The soup itself wasn't very good, it was sort of bland, and I had to add some salt to make it a little better. Despite that, the other food being served around us looked and smelled amazing. We will DEFINITELY be coming back to try their other food!
5	Needed hot soup tonight to go Wendy's is up the street great reviews so I stopped in. Was met with a smile Wendy went over the menu very helpful. While waiting offered tea. Tea was great. My soup was double wrapped so it was smoking hot when I got home. Excellent. I will defiantly be back to dine in. I have my list I can't wait to try.
4	The room is big and well lit and very clean.  The service is very good.  Hot tea upon arrival.  Try the Shanghai Dumplings.  They were great.  Sweet potato fries were awesome.  As was the Ox Tongue appetizer. I also had the Beef/Tomatoe on rice which just needed a bit of seasoning to get it going.All in all this is a great little gem in a stand alone building you can't miss.
3	My husband and I ordered the wonton noodles and it was bland, and the wontons were very soggy. We also ordered a seafood dish on rice (it didnt look appetizing thinking it would taste better than it looked - like snot) and I was mistaken, it was also bland and let me just stop right here... And for dessert we were told that they had ran out of the mango crepe and before we settled our bill they stated that they just had made fresh ones (It was awesome!) We ordered another one to go!Wonton Noodles 2.5/5Seafood Rice 1/5Mango Crepe 5/5
3	Where to begin. Wendy's has potential- they really do. However: 1. $7.50 for a greasy plate of ginger chunks, rice, and egg is too much. Yelp advertises this as $ but it's really $$. We spent close to $40 for two of us. 2. Entrees came out way before the appetizer. 3. The server was either A. Having a bad day or B. Really bad at her job.  She didn't come by once to see how our meal was, we had to flag her down to pay, and her attitude towards us was less than desirable. On a good note: 1. The soups looked great and my handsome date loved it. 2. The fried rice cake appetizer with fried egg was amazing. I will try Wendy's again but it won't be for a while.
3	I want to love this place...I even tell people they should totally eat here. Then why would I only rate it "A-OK"?Wendy's just isn't for me. Even though it's a great and clean location with fairly good service and food, there's just nothing that stands out in a good way.However, I have had a few language barrier issues. Some of their food is meh, especially for the price tag. This is quite a vague and bland review, but honestly, that's how I see this place. I love it, but I don't. I'll definitely come back to try it again though and I'll update this review once I do.
4	Service: We ordered take out, so we can't comment on the waiter service, but the girl taking our order for take out was friendly and helpful. Food:We got a vegetable chow mein and a bbq fried rice. The chow mein was delicious!! The fried rice was not my fave.. probably wouldn't order that one again.. Price: very reasonable. 7.50 for the chow mein I believe. Overall: Food was great, and will probably be back!
5	Maybe I'd give a 4.5 stars if there was that option. The food is great. I don't think the service is necessarily 5 stars, but they've always had the food yummy each time. I've been here many times.
2	Last time we ate here was 4 years ago.  Decided to give place another try.  We ordered the Singapore noodles, Portuguese pork chop rice and beef stew with bean curd hot pot.  Everything tasted okay, but the noodles were barely warm and the ingredients inside like the eggs and char siu were down right cold.  The stew hot pot was also a disappointment. The portion was so small it didn't even fill up half of the pot that it came in.  Definitely not with the price for $11.  The best thing was the Portuguese pork chop rice.  A decent portion of pork chops on top and the sauce was quite good with a hint of coconut.  Still 2 stars in my books!
3	I didn't plan on going here but by some twist of fate I had one of the best Chinese dinners! I ordered Hong Kong dumplings for an appetizer and chicken chow mein. The dumpings weren't my favorite, but the chow mein was some of the best I've had. The portions were very generous and the servers were very friendly, I would definitely recommend it.
3	Pretty much felt like I was sucked into the streets of Beijing.  Besides the Chinese on the menus and the Chinese music videos on the tv, the food was pretty great.  Service was good and timely.  Hit the spot for Chinese food for sure
4	Second night in Vegas and after the first day's buffet dinner, my parents didn't want anything American or go to another buffet...which meant that I had to find another Chinese restaurant for them. Found this place on yelp and decided to try it - hoping that it's better than KJ Kitchen - cause that place got four stars but it was definitely not four stars for me. Luckily this was a hit!There were only a few tables of diners when we got there (8:45pm) but then it got busier as it got later. So we each ordered different dishes:I got Black Pepper Ox Tongue Spaghetti: the ox tongue was super tender and soft and instead of putting the black pepper sauce on the ox tongue, they used it as a spaghetti sauce which was really tasty and different. thumbs up!My dad got the Sampan Porridge: the porridge was cooked to the right texture - not too thin and not too thick. Seem like my dad really liked it. My mom got some kind of noodles but for some reason I can't recall which one....so can't tell you how it was but I'm pretty sure it was good too.The service was great - the waitress was nice and patient when we took a while to order - even suggested dishes to us. The dishes weren't expensive - average and reasonable prices for pretty good portions.Overall, if you really want some good Hong Kong style cafe food in Vegas - I would recommend this place.
4	Ever since eating at Din Tai Fung, I have been on the quest for the perfect soup dumpling. Wendy's are good, but I have not yet found the grail.We split Shanghai Dumplings $6.25 for 8. These are Wendy's xiao long bao or soup dumplings. The wrapper was a bit thicker than I prefer and the juice inside somewhat sparse. The flavor was fine. We also tried the potstickers $5.95 for 6. Again these were fine, but not outstanding. We then shared the spicy ramen, rice cake, beef dish. #133 on the menu. This cost about $11.00 and was our favorite dish of the evening. The menu here is extensive, including a large tasty looking dessert menu. You get a large glass of hot green tea in a glass cup and a bowl of salted peanuts when you are seated. The waitresses were friendly, though English was limited. I will definitely be back to try more of the dishes.
5	This place really makes me home sick, I feel like I'm back home in Hong Kong every time I eat here!!! Ice lemon tea and mushroom with bok choy clay pot .. Yum!!!!
3	This noodle cafe was okay. The pork bao was delicious, except the  bun was kind of soggy. I have been looking for a cheap pork bao and this one only cost $9.99. Not a bad deal. The cafe was a bit hot, because the ceiling was low. They have airconditioning and fan was off, and it was not that busy, but the room was very noise. I could barley hear the waiter. This sort of a chinese fusion food. But most probably we are not going there again. Not too shabby.
3	I don't know.Maybe my Californian taste buds are whack.We ordered the wonton soup, rib eye bao, fish fillet, and black pepper steak with mushroom rice omelet.All from scanning the Yelp reviews and tips.We didn't finish a third of the food because it simply wasn't doing it for us.Honestly, the food was mediocre at best.  None of it was bad.  But no way this can be considered good.Also, be prepared to shower and change after eating here.  You will smell like a wok.
5	My 17 yr old daughter and I found Wendy's through yelp and weren't disappointed! The restaurant is clean bright and comfortable. The menu is FULL of options but I finally ordered the chefs spicy chicken and my daughter ordered the shrimp and mango salad with a side if spring rolls. The food was delivered quickly and suggested family style so we gladly shared which was IDEAL! The food was AMAZING, very fresh and bursting with flavor to keep it short. Wendy even makes a point to touch every table checking on satisfaction. My daughter told me the next day she wants to go back VERY SOON! I have to agree! Thanks Wendy! This is my hands down go to place for quality Asian cuisine!
4	I just got back from Wendy's Noodle Cafe. It was my first time there. I ordered the Wonton soup with Egg noodles & Salt & Pepper Shrimp. My friend ordered Shrimp Fried Rice & a Egg Plant dish.The good: this is a nice, smaller restaurant, with a very helpful & friendly wait staff. Service is very fast. The Shrimp was tasty & perfectly cooked & The Egg Plant dish was very good as well.The not so good: The Won Ton Noodle soup was just so-so & on the plain side. As far as the Shrimp Fried Rice goes, it was okay, nothing special, much like the soup.Why did I give Wendy's 4 Stars? As a non-Chinese person, I rarely get good or friendly service in Chinese restaurants in Vegas. This isn't a deal breaker for me, since I normally do takeout..... & I love Chinese food. Wendy's is small, clean & has great service. If I ever went out on a date, this might be my first choice for Chinese food. I know they have some good dishes, I just need to order what they do well next time.
3	As my wife and I perused the menu, we received complimentary glasses of hot tea plus cups of broth.  As an appetizer, we ordered sweet potato fries with black sesame seeds, a bountiful order with the fries coated in a light tempura batter.  Our shared entrees were beef chunks with black pepper sauce which came with rice and green beans plus lemongrass curry chicken clay pot.  Both dishes were very good.  Service was friendly and on target.  Though this Chinese restaurant has bargain based prices,  it offers a nice decor, friendly service and high quality food.
2	Place is OKLarge menu borders on pho, soups , chow meins-mussels in basil -ok...nothing special -chefs spicy chicken...ok...not spicy really...just a bunch of pepper pods-beef chow fun...like beef stroganoff in gravy Chinese style...looking around almost everyone was having soups so maybe that is their forte?
2	Great food! The only problem is bad service here. First, keep asking the waitress for more tea but she keeps forgetting. Second, the same waitress keeps giving us bad additude. Third, they gave us slow service. Fourth, group of 9 people, but only give us a small dish of peanut even I come here last time of 4 people with small portion as well. Asked the waitress if we can have more peanut, would charge us $1 more... NO THANK YOU! Wished I could recommend this place but wouldn't, very disappointed.
4	Great food if you like authentic ChineseGood service in a clean placeWendy usually on scene making sure all is goodSweet potato fries are excellentGreen beans with pork are superAll soup is very good and save room at the end for iced coffee with vanilla ice cream in itPrices are good too with dinner for 3 of us tonight for $36
4	Oh my goodness!  The Rice Omelet with Seafood Alfredo IS THE BOMB!!!  I love the scramble eggs (cooked perfectly still a little bit runny) wrapping around the fried rice, and the Alfredo sauce generously covering the entire plate!  My red bean coconut cream dessert drink is yummy as well!  The other food items, including Baby oysters rice soup, Wonton noodles soup, and Rice in a clay pot, are just alright.  Anyways, the Rice Omelet with Seafood Alfredo is delicious and good enough to make me a fan of this place!  Prices are reasonable, and the service is prompt and courteous.  Please be noted that it takes 20-30 minutes to make the Rice in clay pot because it is freshly made to order!  This place is pretty good; come try it while you are in Vegas!
4	Wendy's tastes like home cooking. It's different than a place like KJ's; this is more of a Shanghai/Hong Kong style, with a little fusion (e.g. tom yum fried rice). Her restaurant is clean, with very good style for an Asian restaurant. Dish presentations are good as well. And it feels homey here, too, when Wendy comes around to say hello, see how the dishes are. The servers are attentive as well.Green beans with XO saucePan fried noodles with XO sauceSpicy ChickenWonton Noodle soupAll of these dishes were cooked well and were entirely flavorful. I could eat the green beans everyday, it's that good. They're crunchy with a little bit of a scorch from the wok. The pan fried noodles are rolls of noodles cut into bite sized pieces. Both of these dishes have good XO flavor. I really enjoyed the burnt chili pepper flavor of the spicy chicken, where you cook a dried chili in oil before adding the rest of the ingredients. The wonton noodles aren't mind-blowing by any means, but they hit a certain comfort spot.If I think about past dishes I've tried here, the only thing I didn't care for was the dish with the thinner noodles, crab, and XO sauce. I felt the crab to bell pepper ratio was disproportional.
4	It's not your typical Chinese food restaurant but the great thing is that they have congee with Chinese donut..it's bomb and not only that they have shaved ice dessert they still do some of your typical Hong Kong dishes but a lot is different
4	Been here twice. It's a cool, clean, little cafe. I can tell they lean towards healthy cooking. Being a Chinese chow spot, I'm kind of shocked that the servers are friendly! Guess I've been conditioned to the horrible service from the Chinese restaurants back home. The food is decently priced. Especially the appetizers (hella cheap)! A lot of which sounds delicious. The taste is good (not bad), some of what we've ordered is a little bland. No MSG, what gives???! :DIll give Wendy's 3.5 for now... I want to try all of the appetizers! So far my go to: their fried calamari (like their version bc it's thick cuts and less batter), spicy wings, salty fish and chicken fried rice, and that basil seed drink. ....To be continued....
3	Pretty okay Chinese food, not as amazing as I thought it would be. FOOD:Chow Fun with XO Sauce (3 stars): Okay, thought it would be better. Not as much flavor as I hoped for. Udon Seafood with XO Sauce (4 stars): I love udon. I thought I would like the chow fun more because it looked better, but this had more flavor. Duck and Egg Noodle Soup (2.5 stars): Wasn't a big fan of this soup. I didn't like the broth. String beans with XO sauce (3.5 stars): Had to have some veggies. But again not much flavor with the sauce. Shanghai Dumplings (4 stars): These were good. Love how you get soupy broth in the inside, be careful not the break it when you scoop it up. Anyways, I don't have that much background in authentic Chinese food, but my friend does, and she thought it was just okay also. Service (5 stars):The ladies were really nice and on top of our requests. One specifically looked at me, the least Asian in the group, to see if I needed a fork instead of chopsticks. Pretty funny, but I can use chopsticks just fine (=Atmosphere:Medium sized restaurant. Very clean. If you come with a group they have round tables with the Lazy Susan's to make it easy to share. Parking:Huge lot, so it's easy.
4	They have a lot of great food here!!! I got the shumai and the hammered chicken and they were delicious! Haven't really experienced the service since I only had to go but I will definitely be returning. Cheap pricing and quick service :) go check them out!
4	Have a good variety Asian fusion. Service is always nice and price is average. Always make sure to save some space for desserts.
3	Was disappointed after reading so many good reviews. - Indonesian fried rice: under seasoned and cooked with frozen vegetables. But I gotta say, the chicken wings that came with the rice were bomb.- Rice cake and ramen with beef: beef was a little chewy, overall the dish needed a little more sauce and spice. Since it's based on a Korean dish, I was expecting more kick.- String beans with XO sauce: beans were way too old to be eaten... They were super hard so we couldn't even chew some of them.On the plus side, they served us delicious winter melon soup before the dishes came and the service was great.
5	Stopped in for lunch. Got there just a little after opening so it wasn't busy. Had the fusion rib eye bao burgers and were pretty great. My personal favorite was the salad that came with -Spring mix with a citrus dressing not sure exactly what it was but it was quite delicious.
5	Wendy's is a fusion-type place with a great and varied selection, but I've come to love one of the more authentic Chinese dishes! I came here with a tutoring student a year or so ago and she knew Wendy from another establishment, and I've been going back whenever I can since. I live a bit far from the location but if I can put up with the drive it can't be beat. Everything I've had here has been excellent! The only complaint I've had was actually from my aunt, who just can't seem to find Singapore Noodles to her liking here in Las Vegas. My favorite dish to get is the pan fried rice noodles with XO sauce but I've also gotten to a point where I won't eat chow mein from any other restaurant because I like how Wendy's Noodle Cafe does it the best.Also, this might sound funny since Wendy's is primarily Chinese/Cantonese cuisine, but I hadn't found an appreciation for kimchi until I had it here with their grilled beef short ribs.Customer service here is great, especially considering how busy it can get in the evenings. Everyone is friendly from the owner to the staff and they're really sweet about putting up with me since I drink water by the gallon whenever I eat, so kudos for that. I always get a funny look when I order dishes without bean sprouts (I've had traumatic experiences with them, I'm sorry!) There are always complimentary peanuts (that I swear taste better than any peanuts I've ever bought? Where do I get these peanuts??) and people checking in on you, even when the restaurant is a bit busier. The place is clean and has a great atmosphere, and there's a TV typically playing music shows from China/Hong Kong or Korean music videos that are quiet enough to complement rather than interrupt your meal.I highly recommend the pan fried rice noodles with XO sauce - and ask for extra sauce on the side, if you're a fan of the taste like I am. The Korean-inspired BBQ short ribs are a good deal for their price and I honestly order all the more customizable dishes here (like noodles and rice) with chicken because it's perfectly juicy and tender and I've never encountered so much as a bite of gristle. The complaints about things being under-seasoned in other reviews are valid--I've had my share of more mild dishes here than I'm used to, but considering I can just ask for more sauce on the dish I'm obsessed with, it's never bothered me. Plus, I've got heart problems, so the less salt the better!
3	I would come here everytime I visit LV. However this visit was sort of a disappointment. The good quality was just so-so. Maybe my expectations were high from our last visit. We ordered an additional claypots and were told they don't have that for the evening huh? We just ordered through another server a few minutes ago. needless to say, the server never came back. So we didn't know if the second order was placed or not. Anyways,  we left without ordering our favorite steamed egg dessert.
4	I love Wendy's. They are one of my favorite Chinese places. They have a really unique menu. They have a lot if items that they don't carry at your typical Chinese joint while still having a lot of the traditional things you would find.I've been on many occasions and usually get the wonton soup with egg noodles. I also recommend the Portuguese curry with fried pork. Crispy pan fries egg noodles are delicious also.They also have those soup dumplings.The prices range a lot so you can get a really affordable meal while they have some things that are a little pricier. They also have a lot of unique drinks and desserts.The main thing I love about Wendy's is the staff. They are really good with kids and that's a huge plus for me.
5	We always eat here whenever we are in Vegas.  Our younger daughter simply loves the Egg Wrapped Fried Rice- It's like an omlete with fried rice inside.  Aside from our daughter's favorite dish, we also really like their Mango Shrimp Salad & rice in a hot pot.  The iced lemon tea always hits the spot, especially when we visit Vegas in the summer.  Pricing is reasonable (especially when you compare it with the Americanized Chinese food in the Casinos) and dishes are very flavorful.  Give this place a try--you won't regret it!
4	This place is awesome! Highly recommend always getting small plates when you first get there.The entrees have a generous portion and the prices don't seem too bad! They offer a lot of food and variety which I'm a big fan of.I will definitely be coming back more often.
4	Wasn't expecting such authentic Cantonese Hong Kong food in the desert. So was perusing yelp, late around 9pm, just dreaming and looking for wonton noodles. Didn't want dumplings or pho or ramen, just a simple bowl of wonton noodles. Thanks yelpers, you really pulled through. The wontons were juicy, plumb, just the right amount of pork to shrimp. The noodles were perfectly al dente. The broth was tasty. All in all it was satisfying and delish.We also had yang chow fried rice and it was done right. Great 'wok hay' and filled with bits of BBQ pork and shrimp.The porridge/congee/jook was the perfect consistency. The rice was broken down and smooth. This was jook done right.The drinks are also quite good.Will be back the next time I'm visiting vegas.
5	This might be news to you, but I'm asian and eating fried rice sounds boring to me. I mean, I grew up on the stuff, so I can easily whip it up at home (with my eyes closed). Well, get this, my boyfriend and I decided to go out on a limb and try Wendy's ingenious Tom Yum Goong Fried Rice ($10.95). Holy freaking amazeballs #%^*!! It was incredible!Seriously. Close your eyes and imagine this: Lemongrass+tender seafood+sweet+sour+spicy+comfort+warmth+dancing taste buds. Ok, now, what did you imagine? Tom Yum soup right? Right! That's what this fried rice is all about. They added a whole bunch of seafood (squid, shrimp, white fish) and they were all cooked flawlessly - moist, tender, juicy and seasoned well! They even had crispy charred bits that popped in my mouth and added explosive flavor. Also, the rice was moist and had incredible lemongrass flavor; the spices were all very flavorful. There was a raging party in my mouf! I need to thank Wendy for reawakening my love for what I thought was boring fried rice, I will forever be grateful.The other dishes we ordered were also tasty:- House Special Chow Mein (Crispy Noodles) with tender beef and veggies ($7.99) - Huge portion and very flavorful gravy sauce. Let's be real, the gravy sauce makes or breaks the dish, well, they seasoned it amazing here. They packed it with a lot of noodles and beef. Not too many veggies, but that's ok with us!- Rib Eye and white shimeji roll (from the tapas menu) (about $4)- So simple, but it really surprised us. The ribeye was juicy, tender and the flavor of the meat shined! The buttery mushrooms were cooked perfectly and had a lovely buttery bite.- Rib Eye bao burger ($9.99) - Great rib eye flavor, super fluffy and soft bao buns, and comes with a side of tangy fresh salad that tastes great when you stuff it into the bao burgers! Also try dipping it in Hoisen plum sauce for extra flavor!- Pepper glazed spare ribs clay pot ($9.99) - this dish is a classic! It really brings me back to my childhood (Vietnamese has a same dish called "thit kho to" - It comes out bubbling hot and served with white rice (check out my video!) It's an explosion of sweet and salty flavor. (Note: they have lots of small bones attached, so be extra cautious when chewing/swallowing) - Spicy steak cubes and rice cake with ramen ($8.99) - I typically don't like rice cakes because they are too plain, filling, and bland, but my boyfriend loves them. They were cut into smaller pieces and not too chewy (that's a good thing.) The sauce was deliciously sweet, not to spicy at all in our opinion (we eat chili peppers for breakfast!) and the beef was very tender. My biggest complaint was that there wasn't enough sauce. :/- Mung Bean, Red Bean, Jelly, Coconut Milk and crushed ice drink! ($3.99) - Yessss!!! This dessert drink was the perfect ending to our meal. I really enjoyed the mung bean, red bean, and jelly bits and texture while slurping them up with the wide boba straw. Sweet, refreshing, and cheap!Wendy has great prices! I mean, the house special chow mein noodles is cheap! For $7.99, the amount of noodles and beef they gave us was enough for 2 starving adults to get their fill. And $4 for a icy delicious dessert drink is a nice price point if you ask me. My wallet thinks so...
5	A friend brought us to Wendy's for a late lunch and we left as very happy campers! I love going out for Asian food considering I don't get to eat it very often. The place was clean, finding parking was effortless, the food was delicious, drinks were refilled frequently, and absolutely nothing went wrong. The server was friendly and even suggested a few menu items. For me, it was an A+ dining experience. My party tried 6 different dishes and they were all scrumptious. I think anything you order here, you'll be happy with.
4	[T]asty doesn't even begin to describe this dish![O]nce you try it, you'll get the hype-[M]any reviews cite it as the reason they come here...[Y]ou will too once you try it![U]ntil now, I never knew the  flavors of this soup; [M]y taste buds still did a happy dance, regardless.[G]o now and grab an [O]rder, it's[O]verflowing with seafood ['N'] it packs a punch of [G]ood and balanced flavors.[F]inally, a dish I can[R]egularly order when[I]'m overwhelmed by Chinatown options.[E]ven though I love trying new things,[D]efinitely going to get this dish, here,[R]egularly.[I][C]an only hope that you[E]njoy this dish as much as I do.
4	One of my friends posted a picture of the Rib eye bao burger and my boyfriend who saw it first was drooling looking at the picture. I thought maybe we should check it out for ourselves since sometimes food may look good but doesnt taste good.We came in a got greeted properly. Some people on Yelp posted about the complimentary peanuts but we unfortunately  did not get any. We went through the menu and there were soooo much to choose from. They have appetizers ranging from around $5-7. As you can see,we ordered the Shanghai Dumpling. The Pepper Steak with Fried rice omelet caught my attention and ofcourse we got the Rib eye Bao Burger.Shanghai Dumpling- more like a soup dumpling with a weird cherry like sauce on the side but I suggest dipping it in soy sauce instead:)Pepper steak with fried rice omelet- tender steak since mine was medium with a peppery gravy like sauce while the fried rice was cooked to perfection. Good portion size as well. Rib eye bao burger- a bit dry but still packed with sweet bbq flavor with a really soft and moist bun. Also with a sauce if refreshing salad. Thai tea float- bomb as f*ck! Ask for less or no ice with extra caramel sauce.Overall we were very full and more than satisfied with the meal. I have it four stars because the service was kind "Bleh" like the sever didnt ask what we wanted to drink. Our food came in and we finished it before we got the dumplings(appetizer) and no one ever checked up on us to see if we're doing okay or we need anything. Other than that,I'll definitely come back since there are so much more I wanna try there!
4	Yum! Glad I trusted yelp on this. I know good Chinese food and this place was good indeed! We got the tom Yong gong fried rice and it was very good as the other reviews stated. It's not your regular fried rice, it was a bit sweet, and a bit sour but the flavor was so good together. And it had a lot of seafood on itWe also got the pan fried beef noodles. The noodles were pre - fried until crispy and they pour the stir fried beef over it on top. Very flavorful and yummy. A bit salty for me but good nonetheless. Portions were definitely big. Only a 15 min drive from Las Vegas Strip!  Don't miss this place if you are craving for Chinese food while in Vegas!
4	Best place for ramen noodles! Great flavor on all there dishes and best part it's cheap!
4	I come here for the rice cakes and dessert!! I've tried their wonton noodle, and it was decent. There xlb is ok also! But I enjoy the simple casual atmosphere! The building is a stand alone and you can't miss it ! Service is good too!
5	Thanks to the reviews of others, Wendy's Noodle Cafe did not disappoint.  We didn't realize it was a building by itself and looked around in the strip mall before calling them.  We tried the rib eye bao and the seafood udon.  Both were excellent.  Only minor complaint is that they didn't serve both dishes at once.  Hubby got his first and was half way done before I got mine.  Other than that, excellent.  Just keep in mind that Wendy is located in the building by itself and you'll be fine.
5	We love this place!!! I have been here about 8 times and the food does not disappoint. We had the grapefruit salad, Salt & pepper calamari,  Seafood udon with XO sauce & Rib eye Bao burgers. Everything is prepared fresh and tasted perfect.
4	This is probably one of the best Chinese restaurant in vegas. Got the spicy seafood udon soup and it is off the chain!!!
5	Yum Yum Yum, Chinese food.. :D not the quick take out or delivery kind at the corner market or gas station spot!  These will hit the spot!  I am a big fan of clean Chinese food that are tasty and serve it purpose... We ordered 2 small dishes, first was the rib eyes bao, which use plain mantou bread and folded like a taco stuffed with sir fry rib eye w/onion!! I have to day this was a very simple but delicious dish!  The other small dish was mushroom wrapped with rib eye meat... This dish wasn't filled with much flavored but the meat was cooked right with the mushroom, a little sauce or garnish added would've made this dish a bit better... To the main course!! I usually ask for a preference of what to eat at a newly tested restaurant, the waitress kindly refer me to the seafood alfredo omelets.. This dish was amazing!! A-MAZING! The rice was fried lightly with vege and sauce, then wrapped in an egg-like omelets then hot seafood alfredo sauce poured over.. The rice absorbed the flavor of the sauce perfectly.. The dish was devoured by me within seconds!! My recommended dish for sure!  Many to try next time I am here!  :D so stop by and try there dishes!
4	I had a great on-the-go lunch experience. When I sat down I received quick service, food came out within 10 minutes and the staff was on top of their game.The over food quality was solid. The noodles were perfectly done and the wontons were a generous size. The beef with the noodles was a little bit rough due to overcooking but that can be forgiven. The garlic pan fried bok choi on the other hand was mediocre.For a noodle dish + fried veggie dish, no drinks lunch my tab came up to $21 with tip. Granted one bowl of noodle at $7.50 is enough to feed an individual.
4	I found my hu tieu spot in Vegas.
5	Really good food and quick service. My wife and I had beef and crispy noodle, roasted duck and shrimp and sausage fried rice. Real yummy food.
4	I came here with my friends since BBQ Noodle & Cafe was closed..I am glad we came here instead though because they had soo many different types of dishes to choose from and the prices were pretty affordable for the portions that they gave. We ordered roast duck comes with rice, tomato beef with rice, spicy steak cubes with instant ramen noodles and rice cake (ddukbokki), and pan fried rice cake with rice cake (ddukbokki) and egg with a vinegary soy sauce dip.The food came out within 10-15 minutes, and we were surprised by how great everything tasted.  Nothing was too salty or underflavored, my favorites dishes were the spicy steak cubes with instant ramen noodles and rice cake, and the pan fried rice cake with chewy rice cake.  The steak cubes were tender and just slightly spicy.  Roast duck had a great crispy skin and not that much fat!!! The tomato beef with rice was pretty typical and tasted the same as how it usually tastes.Service was great and waitresses / waiters were all very friendly. I really want to come here again and try out the rest of their very extensive menu.
2	Update 2014. It went from a 4 Star to a 2 Star for us.We keep coming here hoping it gets better, but not always. Here is what we miss:-The high quality chili oil with ground dried shrimp. Server says too expensive to offer.-They used to give out a small dish of peanuts as an appetizer. No longer.-Dishes "appear" smaller even when the head cook is there (see below) as observed over the past few months.For a long term customer (been coming since opening week), this is dissapointing to make these small cuts. Also, the size of the dishes are getting smaller so it seems. Perhaps it was the afternoon cook (we arrived at 5:15). We noticed the main cook arriving and the dishes for the table next to us were larger (but not as before). I asked if the Singapore Noodles can be made with rice noodles (fun) instead of rice stick noodles, the server went to ask and was told the head cook was not there so it couldn't be done. Really? You can't switch the type of noodles? What a Noodle Head! Mind you, this is not a rant over our experience yesterday, but something that has been going on.
1	It took forever to get our order than when we finally got our food it had a piece of hair in it which was pretty gross! So for you people eating here you should really look at your food before you eat...
3	Always on the hunt for fresh, local (not chain) Chinese dishes. The search lead my party here. We ordered the Shanghai Dumplings & Popcorn Chicken to start. The popcorn chicken promised to be a standout in flavor and crispness but tasted like it was fried in old oil. The Shanghai dumplings were exactly what I was looking forward to.  Tried the Tom Yum Goon Fried Rice - that was delicious, if not a touch sweet for me. The best part? The seafood - all tender, flavorful and fresh. Everyone at the table gobbled up the delicious seafood on this dish!The freshness of their ingredients promises some above average dishes in their soup, clay pots & desserts menus...next time! Will definitely be back to try some more exotic offerings.Service was average- what you expect of service but not a standout. All in all, A solid 3.5 experience this time.
1	Out of crepes at 310pm on a Saturday.  Ordered a red bean taro delight. Nothing delightful of taro bits in this awful drink.Overrated!Don't waste your time or money!
4	Stumbled upon this place while initially driving to the now-closed Fresh Cup. Now it's on of my favorite Chinese restaurants and I've been thinking about their pan fried noodles all week! Their Shanghai dumplings fulfill my soup dumpling cravings. Their menu is so large, I doubt I'll ever get to sampling everything. They do have a small "tapas" menu. Their salt and pepper shrimp tapas portion is enough for two people, but I think I prefer the salt and pepper shrimp batter from Big Wong better. I didn't care much for the rib eye bao buns, but my husband really liked them. The side salad that came along with the plate was really good and reminded me of something from Cafe Zupas. Can't wait to go back and try the other recommendations Yelpers have for this restaurant!
4	It's really good. The owners are really nice since my family eats here often they greet them and ask how we are. When someone is missing from my family they always ask so they have that personal connections with regular customers. The food is really good as well. I always try to order something different each time I go and it never disappoints.
5	This is my new go to spot for food in Vegas. If I can't think of where to eat, I'll head over to Wendy's. With a menu that serves Chinese and Vietnamese cuisine along with fusion items there is something to please everyone on the menu. We had the house wings which were seasoned with Chinese five spice powder and fried to a crispy crunchy texture and topped with crisp garlic and little black fermented soybeans. We also ordered the ribeye bao burgers, which were three white Chinese steamed buns filled with a slightly sweet and savory meat and onion mixture. They were really easy to eat and it was hard to be nice and share them. There are tons of noodle dishes on the menu as well as dumplings, duck and a fantastic dessert and drink menu. How does a Thai iced tea with a scoop of ice cream in it sound? It looks enticing in the photos and super indulgent to consume.
5	Great food,service & prices. What more could you ask for?I'm working my way through the menu & haven't had a bad meal yet.
1	I would have loved to have tried this place but after sitting at a table for 15 minutes without as much as the acknowledgement of a server while watching people who came in after us be promptly served my husband and I left. We will never come back. I guess our money isn't green enough for them.
1	What a joke. We were seated promptly and then quickly forgotten about. Were ignored while others were seated and orders taken. After no acknowledgement for 15 minutes we left hungry. F U Wendy. F U and your noodles.
4	Just took my wife there for Lunch on the recommendation of one our friends, We found the menu varied enought to satisfy anyones taste. The service was fast and good. It was crowded but it took least that 5 minutess for them to take our order serve drinks and we had our meals within another few minutes. Both dishes were very good and large.  The price was great and we'll definitely be back. Next time for dinner.
5	Excellent restaurant.  I went there for a work lunch and had the mango salad with chef's secret recipe dressing and garlic shrimp.  It was excellent, especially the dressing.  I took my family there two days later and everything we ordered was delicious.  My wife, who is very critical, loved the clay pot with seafood and tofu.  We decided to celebrate my mother-in-law's birthday there a week later. We had 12 people and we enjoyed everything we ordered except for the steamed chicken with rice.  Their menu has 151 different items.  Trust me, the food is excellent.  We met Wendy and had a friendly conversation with her.  She's like a loving grandmother at the restaurant.
5	I think this is my favorite Cantonese joint in Vegas. I enjoyed all of their dishes. Our table of four ordered nine different items. (My eyes are bigger than my stomach). They have a vast selection of items so it might take you a long time to decide.
1	I am sorry to say that this place has gone so far down hill it is amazing.  The person with me ordered the shrimp and it came with mayonnaise on it in place of a garlic white sauce.  They said they ran out so they improvised.  Very very bad.  The service was even bad, it took forever to get a beer.  I am taking this off of my neighborhood favorites for a while  There are far too many great places within 100 feet, so they better pick up there game.
1	One star is only for the decor of a Chinese noodle restaurant. Don't be fooled by the high ratings of this restaurant like my family did. ** ONLY EAT HERE IF THIS IS THE LAAAAST PLACE YOU CAN FIND CHINESE FOOOD**Let me advise you why not to come here:- first walked in, stood there and waited at the entrance for a good 6-7 minutes for someone to acknowledge my existence although 4 staff members made contact with me as well as it not being busy.-when my family and I were seated, table next to us had seemingly waited patiently for someone to take their orders. The women and her grandma asked they can please order. The staff members never came around and so they walked out on their table. We were totally shocked.-Service was worse than most Chinese restaurants which makes me very tolerable to bad service. But, their servers fit in the category of extreme. They give you attitude, they ignore your requests of their service even when you scream out "hi, excuse me!" while raising your arm. Worst of all was when everyone finished their food with the first two entrees ordered had been forgotten, the lady denied of with such a strong passion that they didn't forget about the two entrees. Six of us were all finished before the two had even got their food. No apologies, no nothing. -then, they asked for the check and they slapped it on the table while saying, "gratuity is included". No thank you, no smile, not even a slight glance before walking away. We reread the menu to double check if they ever mentioned a gratuity policy with a certain number of people. Nope! None.-MOST IMPORTANTLY...THEIR FOOD. The Sui kaow wonton egg noodle soup was mediocre. It had only 1 choy with 5 pieces and was very small. Looked like something you can make at home. Not worth it. Seafood pan friend noodles had too much gravy which made the noodles very soggy. The egg drop beef over rice was horrible. It literally looked like a plate of rice, 7-10 small chunks of beef with scrambled egg then clear gravy poured right on top with it the whole dish being very bland. Our XO chow fun was super bland but overly covered in chilli flakes. Worst of all was finding a dried clump of vermicelli that had chili on it randomly on one of our entrees that had no no vermicelli. It means they're dirty because it was right on top when they placed the entree down.This is not the place to go if you want a good meal and experience with very valuable family time. They wasted our time.
4	Decided to try this place out because of the reviews on yelp. First dish was the rib eye bao buns and it was amazing! Tom Yum Goong fried rice was just a bit too sweet though. Their house chowfun was okay.. just a typical chinese dish. The spicy chicken wings are to die for!! Will come back to try their desserts :)
5	So far the best place for roast duck noodle soup in Vegas. Better than the roast duck soups I've had in new York's Chinatown. Nice clean place to( for China town).
3	The wonton noodle soup was pretty good. The rib-eye noodle soup was a bit bland and the serving of meat was not so generous. The salt and pepper squid was okay. The service was fast and friendly. Would come back again if in the area.
4	One of the few places I've been able to find Bao Burgers with something aside from pork. The owner is almost always on site and willing to make recommendations. I'd recommend the Rib Eye Bao Burgers, pan fried noodles with chicken, and wonton soup (which come stuffed with pork and plump shrimp). The Asian music videos playing in the background are also a real treat.
