4	Great stuff here...The cheese plates are great and always changing. Awesome staff, and the menu offers an nice variety!!Ask for Tim for your waiter!
4	This place used to have a great bar/tapas menu with a decent selection of happy hour wine specials.  Now...  not so much.  Well, during HH, you can get any of the wines under $10 for $5.  Selection by the glass is limited.  As for their menu/dinner - this is totally a different story.  I haven't really been disappointed yet!  The appetizers/small plates all pretty good, I really like the chevre croquettes ($7).  The salads are good and although I haven't gotten the soup anytime lately, I hear great things from my friends.  The entrees are always excellent - I usually tend to stick to the seafood (halibut, $29) and never have been disappointed (and importantly, nothing has ever been overcooked).  The signature orecchiette dish ($20) is soooo delicious - just ignore the fact that it is a heart attack waiting to happen - it's worth it.  The desserts are ok, personally, I feel that you would be better advised to stick to filling up on the entrees.  Oh, and let me recommend the blood orange martini if they have it - very very yummy!  And it is nice that you can order Veuve Cliquot by the glass ($16).Prices are a bit high for what you'd expect for Pittsburgh, but considering the quality of food, I would recommend it.P.S. I have heard that they have a great brunch on Sundays. I personally haven't tried it, but with the number of compliments I hear, it's probably worth the try!-------------------------Update 12/9/07:  Went to the brunch.  What a great deal!  For $22, you get a choice of alcoholic beverage (bloody mary, mimosa, bellini) as well as a starter and then the entree.  They have a lot of choices, so be prepared to just try one and come back again to try the other stuff!  The smoked salmon appetizer was good although with too much mayonnaise sauce and for me, too much onion.  The truffled potato was yummy.  The arugula salad was as delicious as ever!  And for entree, we both got the Casbah benedict.  I have to admit that neither of us was blown away, but it was good and filling.  I think that we will both be back to try other things on the menu!
4	Well it's official Shadyside is becoming my new favorite area for restaurants.  Damn you Big Burrito Group with your local ingredients, contemporary design and excellent service.  I was here last night and on a Monday this place was doing brisk business (definitely a good sign).  The space itself is beautiful.  You  enter from S. Highland into the outdoor dining area, which because of the heaters is viable almost every day of the year.  There is plenty of seating outdoors and a few tables indoors.  The design is contemporary.  The bar is large and has a nice area opposite for more informal seating.  The one thing I dislike about the bar area is that the "stools" are actually chairs that are not moveable, so your distance next to your "neighbor" is pre-determined.  I also prefer to stand at  the bar instead of sitting and this set up makes that more difficult.  The wine selection is pretty extensive and they have a good happy hour special that any wine or premium cocktail is just $5, which is really good when many of their wines are priced at over $10 per glass.  The hostess was very nice and professional even though she was young taking our names as we went to the bar for a drink and then anticipating our return with two menus in hand.  The server was a nice enough guy and helpful when it came time for our dinner selection.  We ordered a bottle of conundrum which is a delicious choice and I guess in line with what others charge.  We were started with an olive tepenade (sp?) and some crusty toasted thinly sliced ciabatta I think.  The tepenade was too oily and salty for me, but I guess it's what I should expect since it's ground up olives basically.  The bread was great.  It was warm really hearty bread that was wheat I think, definitely not white.  It was served with room temperature butter with some sea salt on top.  Really good start.  We then tried the smoked salmon appetizer.  I'm a huge fan of smoked salmon and was pleased with the quality of the fish, served nicely with capers and chopped egg.  It also was served with a patatoe pancake that was crisp on the outside with warm and delicious  filling.  The only thing I was a bit perplexed about was why it wasn't served with some type of bread or crouton to put the salmon on.  However, the waiter was happy to oblige by bringing out a few of the toasted ciabatta.  We also tried the lamb mac and cheese (omg was this good).  The pasta was cooked al dente' and definitely made in house.  The sauce and lamb were amazing.  This would make a fine entree' in my opinion and is total comfort food reinvented.  The only detraction I'd say is that it is a very heavy dish to serve as an appetizer on a summer menu.  Fiona had the arugula salad which was nicely prepared with pork belly (kind of like bacon), feta, and a few other interesting ingredients.  We also tried the short rib ravioli, which was incredible as well albeit a heavy dish.  By the time we got to this I think we only tried one ravioli each (plenty of leftovers).  This is such a rich dish, because shortribs are like the epitome' of richness and then to wrap them in ravioli and add cream sauce is really indulgent.  But, then again this is my chef not my cardiologist.  I tried the Elysian Fields Lamb which was cooked perfectly medium and then served with their homemade pasta wrapped around some of the lamb as well.  This was really good and the pasta was a surprise.  I actually would have preferred a green vegatable on the side instead of pasta and mashed potatoes.  The bartenders are good, especially FionaOverall, a really good place and a nice flagship of the big burrito group.
5	As the reviews of Casbah appear to be particularly long-winded ... the place is nice, fancy, organic-ish, alternating menu, nice atmosphere. Good date restaurant. Good food-lovers restaurant.
4	The food here is pretty good.  Comparable to any 3 to 3.5 star restaurant.  The lamb is definitely good.  And it is definitely a good date restaurant.  I would rather give it 3.5 stars since I've definitely eaten at better restaurants. But for Pittsburgh, it ranks pretty high up.
5	I went to Casbah for brunch, it's a $22 prix-fix, which includes an alcoholic bev, an appetizer and an entree. They use amazingly fresh and yummy fruits and veggies. I had the house made granola which was just amazing! Toasty and sweet, it was nothing like the granola you get out of a box. Also, while the food is totally fru-fru (in only the best way :) and it's a pricey brunch, you get a lot a food. After the great pastry basket, my appetizer, a Bellini and a cup of coffee, I had two bites of my omelette and took the rest in a doggy bag ("the rest" included fruit salad, potatoes, and a croissant!)My only complaint would be how long everything took. While I love a leisurely meal, an hour and a half for brunch seemed a bit excessive. I go into brunch groggy, then I have coffee and yummy food, and I'm totally amped, ready to face the day! And then I get to sit. And wait. Anyway, it's totally not a big deal, now I'll know to make time the next time I go. Which is for dinner for a friends birthday. So excited!!
4	Can be moderately priced for lunch -- take advantage!  We had a cheese tasting simply because I *never* pass up Pleasant Ridge Reserve when given the opportunity.  They also choose a lovely soft sheep's milk and an herbed goat cheese from Cypress Grove.  Nice work but pricey -- only two slices of baguette and apple!  I had the romaine salad -- should have gone with a sandwich and the delicious looking truffle fries!  The feta and red pepper dressing were just too salty and rich for 1pm.  I spied a number of delicious looking sandwiches from my table...Service was great and the waiter even went out of his way to answer a couple questions about the cheese selection.
3	After a long day of recruiting at CMU, I arranged a dinner for 16 people here in Casbah... Prefix menu, over all the experience was ok.Break down:Scallops - Appetizer - I had high expectation but it came out a bit too over spiced.  Very rich i am glad they only gave me two.  Fillet Mignon - Entree - Very tender piece of meat but no wear near as good as some of the places here in the Silicon Valley or even some of the chain steak places like Morton's.Dessert - The highlight of the of the meal.  Mango panna cotta with some sorbet.  It was amazing.  The consistency of the panna cotta was perfect.  It wasn't too dense or too liquidy.Being a Big Burrito restaurant, I expected more but it was good nonetheless.
3	So I went back to Casbah for dinner and was totally underwhelmed. The granola I had for brunch (in my previous review) was better than my entire dinner put together. The service was better at dinner then at brunch, but the food made my rating drop from five stars (probably a little generous) to three stars. Definitely go for brunch! But it's not worth the money for dinner. Mediocre food in a nice atmosphere with good service is still mediocre food...
4	I'm not sure why this place is called Casbah.  Casbah conjures up images of genies and sand dunes or something.  Nothing about this place seems remotely middle eastern to me, other than the name.That aside, good food and great service.  Definitely a place to impress.  I especially enjoy patronizing establishments that focus on seasonable, sustainably harvested ingredients, and although Casbah is not doing the whole "locavore" thing, it certainly is striving for the organic and seasonal thing.  So, off the bat, that gives it big points in my book.We started with the calamari and the squash ravioli.  Skip the ravioli - small and kind of dried out.  But the calamari was MEATY and perfectly fried.  I actually had to stop because I was feeling ill from eating too many of them.We all had the argula salad, which was delicious.  Quite sizeable too, given the setting.  Finally, I had the scallop and crab meat... uh... pasta dish (I have no idea what kind of pasta it was... sorry).  Which was quite good.  I actually would have preferred it over linguine, I think, but whatever.  It was deelish.Not sure why I'm not giving this place five stars.  I really enjoyed it, but it wasn't a WOW experience.  Better luck next time perhaps.
4	Another great big burrito restaurant, Casbah offers some great wine and spectacular food in some great, and varied, dining rooms.The three dinning rooms, "outside," inside and downstairs.  While downstairs isn't always open when it is try and get a seat down there, it is beautiful and quiet.  Perfect for a larger group of people.  Outside is always open and you don't really realize you are outside aside from the non-padded patio chairs and heat lamps all around.The food is Mediterranean fusion, not exactly sure what is meant by that but it is good. The hummus here was actually the first hummus that I had ever had and I am sorry to say it is what I compare all other to, few match up.The wine list is extensive, but if you are going for an upscale bar this isn't the place, for that you'll want to go down the road to Soba.  If you want a nice place to have a drink and a conversation, Casbah is it.
5	I was pleased to finally find a place in Pittsburgh that's worth it for me to spend some money. I tire of eating out only to become dissatisfied knowing I could have made the meal better myself. Not here.The food is made to order, seasonal, local, some organic...in short, they actually care about the quality of the food which is becoming a rare trait in restaurants today. I had made it a point to never eat fish in a Pittsburgh restaurant but Casbah changed my mind. The cod dish I had was delicious--not overcooked, breaded, too oily or too salty! Decor is subtle and great for a date. Service was friendly and accommodating.  I will most definitely return!
5	Great great for parties and celebrations of all kinds.  The wait staff is extremely knowledgeable of the menu and the wine list.  The Food is creative and many of the items are organic or locally grown.  Everything is so fresh and pretty, you almost don't want to eat it.  The wine list is extensive, and although it can be pricey, they have great happy hour specials.
3	Meh.  Seriously?  Mediterranean?  What?  Sorry, but just because you serve scallops on babah ganoush doesn't make your restaurant Mediterranean.This was kind of a disappointment, if you couldn't tell by my sarcastic tone.  The food was good, and I had a great time, but the food lacked the final eyebrow raising component that you come to expect with the bill that follows.That said, the wine list was good and the prices were reasonable relative to the food.  Get the cheese course for dessert and you'll go home happy.
4	I have been coming to Casbah for over a decade (pretty much since it first opened).  I very much like the place, and it has maintained its general character even as the head chefs have changed over the years.  Casbah is very good about continually updating its menu in an effort to stay current and relevant.  Over the years I have enjoyed many wonderful meals here including a fantastic orrechete (sp?) pasta with chicken and cranberries in a lovely cream sauce, and some of the best pork  chops (double cut)  I have ever encountered (although I no longer eat mammals, so they are likely to be the best pork chops I will ever eat).  This is not an inexpensive place, it can be quite pricey for dinner.  One plus is that they have a very reasonable brunch on Sundays.  Their arugula salad during brunch with small diced potatoes and pancetta is fantastic.  My one complaint about the salad is that it needs a bit of acid. I always ask for a small slice of orange and then squeeze the juice onto the salad.  This cuts through the fat from the pancetta and makes the salad even more tasty.Others may disagree, but even though this is a fairly fancy place, it is suitable for children.  Casbah has a semi outdoor seating area that is enclosed and heated even in winter.  My wife and I have often dined here with our kids.  This semi outdoor area is a bit more casual and absorbs the sounds of loud children fairly well.  You can bring kids without suffering the disdain of any but the most obnoxious of fellow diners.
4	Amazing brunch! I'd never been to Casbah before until this past Sunday when we decided to check it out for their prix-fixe menu.For $22, you get your choice of alcoholic brunch beverage, an appetizer and an entree. An incredible price for a serious amount of great food. They had many options on their fixed menu - something for everyone. From huge waffles and omelets to lamb dishes, fish and the usual brunch regulars such as eggs benedict too. The appetizers list was equally as large. I started with a bloody mary. Was a nice middle ground between heavy and light - and it had some kick to it. Very good. For an appetizer I got the cheese and fruit plate with french baguette slices. There was a soft brie-like goat cheese, a blue cheese and a mild dry sheeps milk cheese as well. All were wonderful. For my entree I went with the Salmon Eggs Benedict. It was perfect. The fruit on the side was fresh cut, and the home fries were crispy on the outside, soft on the inside.I tasted a couple of other things as well. Both the polenta and the mushroom soup on the appetizer list were great. Didn't try any of the other entrees, but everyone seemed pleased. The only complaint was from a friend that ordered the truffle omelet - and it was that he thought they went too heavy on truffle oil, drowning out the eggs. Also, service was absolutely perfect. We had a tall waiter, forget his name, but he was one of the most professional servers I've ever had. The table was cleared and cleaned immediately...he was never pushy, always friendly, and had great suggestions. One of the best experiences I've had for restaurant service anywhere.For brunch in Pittsburgh, this is my favorite so far. Not to be missed!Now I just need to make plans to go back for dinner.
4	There is a disconnect here between this name, the decor and the food. That said, I had the best pork chop I've ever had here and for that I was endlessly thankful. Good salad, delicious bread and hummus. Great service. For Pittsburgh, top notch.
4	My best friend and I went here for dinner today and were very pleased - though I do have to say that we both had our free birthday entrees and that undoubtedly influenced things.  I was surprised at how pricey it was before the coupons, but everything was good.We started with two big glasses of sangria.  I thought the blueberry schnapps flavor was a little overpowering at first but it either evened out or I got used to it.I had the risotto with morels, peas, and scallions, which was delicious.  I had never had morels before and now I understand why they're so pricey.  There was only a small handful of them on the side of the risotto, but they were delicious.  The risotto was very creamy and flavorful, the kind I wish I could make myself.  My best friend had the short rib ravioli, which she really enjoyed.  I tried the sauce and it wasn't nearly as rich as it looked.We split a creme brulee for dessert, and the waitress very sweetly put candles in it and wrote Happy Birthday on the rim, which was a nice touch.  The creme brulee was good but definitely not the best I've ever had.  (That award may go to Soba's coffee creme brulee.)The total bill would have been $72, which seems a bit steep.  But it was a nice restaurant and a really nice atmosphere.  The patio was lovely.  I will definitely be back, if not for brunch then absolutely for that delicious risotto!
5	This is my favorite Big Burrito restaurant and definitely one of my favorite restaurants in the country. Gotta be honest, though. Just about every time I'd been here, it's with colleagues, which means lots and lots of boozing!! Therefore, consequently, as a result, in sum, I don't have a crystal clear memory of what I had for appetizer, entree, dessert, etc. What I can tell you is that I had never been disappointed with anything I've ordered here. And believe you me, if the food is not that good, I will remember it no matter how drunk I am. Sure, it's not exactly a "Mediterranean" restaurant, but who cares? The food is great, it's in a super cute hood, the atmosphere is cozy and comfy, and the service is always spot on. I do recall that the very last time I ate here was with a dear friend and two of her British colleagues, and we had ourselves a grand ol' time. I had the arugula --one of my favorite words. It's lovely, no? Say it with me. A -ru-gu-la! Fun, right?!! And so flavorful!! --salad and cioppino, which was outstanding with super freshy fresh ingredients. What about dessert, you ask? Sorry, kids. By that time I really was drunk, and I can't remember. It was super tasty, though! I remember everyone liking mine the best. Sure do, sugar!So pay no mind to others' taxonomy quip and give this place a whirl. It's a great date or small group place. Oh, and super fantastic wine list, too!
5	Excellent place for brunch.  For $22, I had a mimosa; cheese, fruit, and baguette slices; a waffle with berries and whipped cream; two pieces of bacon; and a muffin, scone, and biscuit with honey butter from the bread basket.  Service was pretty good even though the restaurant was fairly busy.  Reservations available through Open Table.  This is definitely a special occasion brunch, but it is surprisingly affordable.
5	One of my all time favorite restaurants in Pgh, Casbah is still going strong 15 years later. Today's lunch was a wonderful mac and cheese with braised lamb; my dining companion enjoyed the corn risotto with shitake mushrooms and a side heirloom tomato salad. They use the best fresh local ingredients to craft some of the most delectable, interesting fresh food around.  Also great for Sunday brunch.  You won't be disappointed.
5	Excellent excellent brunch spot.  For review #100, a 5 star review for a 5 star restaurant is definitely fitting.Casbah does brunch, lunch and dinner, but brunch is my favorite meal and also what they do best.  I ordered their prixe fixe brunch option which is a choice of an appetizer, brunch dish, and drink for $22.  I started off with smoked salmon and had the waitress recommended braised lamb and eggs as an entree and a mimosa to drink.  My companion ordered butternut squash & apple cider soup, wild mushroom omelet, and a glass of fresh orange juice.While waiting for our food, we munched on their complimentary pastry basket consisting of super moist mini-muffins, scones, and super rich and buttery biscuits with honey butter.The smoked salmon came with capers, minced red onion, crumbled egg, a drizzle of aioli, and a beautiful fried potato cake.  There was just the perfect amount of everything on the dish; the potato cake was just big enough to balance out the saltiness of the smoked salmon and the capers of course paired beautifully with the smoked salmon.  I tried some of the butternut squash & apple cider soup and it had some a pretty complex flavor.My entree reminded me of an eggs benedict with a twist: grilled  sourdough topped with spinach, braised lamb shoulder and two poached eggs.  I love braised meats because braising can do such wonders to tougher cuts.  The braised lamb shoulder was flavorful, tender, and super rich.  The best part about poached eggs is sopping up the extra yolk with bread and it just tasted better with the sauce of the lamb soaking into the sourdough to soften it up a bit.  This dish itself is enough to make me a regular.  I tried my companion's home fries which came with this slightly spicy ketchup (I think it's house-made) and also a piece of her omelet which was pretty good too.Service was good, ambiance was good, portions were big, quality was excellent, AND they take reservations.  Sometimes I don't mind waiting the half hour it takes to get seats at some restaurants (Point Brugge, Coca Cafe, etc.), but most times I'd rather spend time with people in the restaurant at a table rather than waiting outside, especially now with winter approaching.
5	Such a pleasure to dine, on my birthday, at a restaurant with such good food and cocktails right in Shadyside. We planned in advance to come here after I received Big Burrito's free-entree birthday voucher** and after  coming here to sample dessert and drinks. The food--short rib ravioli, lamb and polenta, pumpkin cake with ice cream and toffee--was insanely rich and tasty and decadent, perfect for a celebratory meal. Our server made some clutch drink recommendations too. My favorite: the local martini, all made with locally-sourced ingredients and ridiculously good chevre-stuffed olives. Almost like a cocktail and small plate in one.After reading everyone else's reviews, I hope to come back here next for brunch.**to take Big Burrito up on this offer, join their mailing list decently before your birthday, and a voucher will come in the mail! It was a blissful discovery for a pair of graduate students.
3	I really wanted to like Casbah after checking out the menu online.  I really wanted to like Casbah once I saw the super cool dark interior of the restaurant.  Unfortunately, everything started to go down hill from there....The waiter was less than helpful suggesting a wine to accompany our dinner, which I found to be a bit odd at such a nice restaurant.  My friend and I order split the tuna tartare and the fennel salad to start.  The tartare was decent but it lacked seasoning and I wasn't into the creme fraiche on top.  The salad was ok but nothing to rave about.  I had the short rib ravioli after reading the reviews on Yelp, but I didn't like the sauce that accompanied it.  My friend ordered the risotto with oyster mushrooms and she was also less than enthused.Don't get me wrong, nothing about my meal was terrible, but nothing about my meal was spectacular either.   It looks like maybe I should have tried brunch.  We shall see if I'm willing to give Casbah another chance....
5	I'm a big fan of all the Big Burrito restaurants I've tried (Eleven, Umi, Mad Mex & Casbah). I think Eleven is my favorite, but Casbah is a very close second. My most recent trip was with my wife on 1/15/10. We started with the grilled flat bread and the butternut squash ravioli. For entrees, I had the Casbah twice cut pork chop and my wife had a pasta dish with sausage and ricotta. For dessert, I had the creme brulee and my wife had the espresso ice cream / cookie (it was really just a fancy chipwich). The grilled flat bread came with three different dips, Humus, Red Pepper Hummus, and Baba Ganoush. I really enjoyed all three, but thought the Red Pepper Hummus stood out as the best, although if you're not a fan of garlic you may disagree. The butternut squash ravioli didn't impress me much, but my wife really liked it. As far as the entrees, we both really enjoyed our meals. My pork chop was cooked perfectly, and was anything but dry. The sage aioli that it was topped with added an excellent flavor. The sides were kale, and butternut squash risotto, both of which really shined. I can't describe how amazing the risotto was, and the kale was extremely flavorful. I tried my wife's pasta dish, and overall I thought it was good, but the sausage was really outstanding. Incredibly tender and flavorful. Neither of us were too impressed with our desserts. The creme brulee was very good, but at that point, I expected it to be great. My wife's dessert sort of disappointed, since the cookies were dry. The bill for everything listed above, plus a bottle of red wine (~$35) was $120 before tip, so it is pricey, but in my opinion totally worth it. Also, our server was very attentive and helpful, without being intrusive. I asked his opinion on the French Malbec and he gave me his honest opinion, which was negative.
5	One of my favorite restaurants in the world.  Excellent atmosphere, fantastic food, great wine/drinks.  Menu changes up pretty regularly and I've never had a bad dish there.  The stuffed pork loin was one of my favorites.  Also they usually have a summer sangria (even in winter :) that is delicious. The scallops were also fantastic. The front patio/tent is open year round with heat lamps.Revision: I was just back at Casbah for a fundraising dinner.  Once a month they do a private dinner for a charity - for $100 there is a five course meal with wine flights.  All proceeds (not just the profits) go to the charity.My dinner was so good, I literally almost cried.  The wild mushroom risotto was bar far one of the the best things I've ever eaten in my life.  Short rib ravioli was my 3rd favorite thing I ate that evening, but I found myself dreaming of it the next morning!  I had low expectations for dessert - it was a cornbread cake (weird!) but came with a blueberry compote and cream cheese ice cream.  The cornbread cake was an excellent balance between the sweetness of the ice cream and blue berries.  It was amazing!While I don't believe these are regular menu items, I highlight this because this was their charity dinner.  That they made NO money off of.  An area where they could skim on quality - but no - it was amazing.  Reaffirmed my belief that this is the best restaurant in Pittsburgh.
4	Part of the same restaurant group as Eleven, which I have eaten at and reviewed here, Casbah is a vibrant restaurant in Pittsburgh's Shadyside district.While the menu changes daily, there are several mainstays available on most evenings.  One of them, the pork chop, is one of the finest I have ever had.  Double cut, juicy and flavorful, it is an absolute winner.  Braised kale and butternut squash risotto accompany this perfect dish.I managed to sample two other dishes (courtesy of my willing dinner mates) that are also noteworthy.  The short rib ravioli is an excellent combination of tender, richly flavored beef rib and toothy pasta.  The ricotta cavatelli combines fresh, simple ingredients into a well structured dish.Service was a little hit or miss the evening I was there.  Part of that may be because we were a large group and the restaurant was rather busy.  However, for an establishment of this caliber, I do expect more.  Nevertheless, I plan on trying Casbah again on my next trip to Pittsburgh.
4	We decided to give brunch a try for our first visit to Casbah.  We were surprised  by the huge tent covering the "outdoor" dining area.  We opted for an inside table, the interior is somewhat small the tables are close together.  For brunch, you are served your choice of drink, appetizer and entree.  For our drinks, BJ had a Bloody Mary and I had a Bellini.  We were served a basket of yummie bread and mini muffins.  For appetizers, we got a Three Sisters Farms mesclun greens and smoked salmon and truffled potato cake.  Very good.  For entrees we selected a jumbo lump crab & tomato omelet and the NY strip steak.  Very relaxing and tasty meal.
2	I was determined to let this one pass (experience was not worth commentary) until I made a disturbing discovery...I made a reservation for inside. They sat us outside. That turned out to be preferable to us because the tables that WERE available inside were very close to others. The patio was spacious and decorated with busts, slightly preferable to the inner cheap.trendy.interiors.com shit. Have you seen the terrible bathroom wallpaper borders? Probably not, as the ladies room is a very dim place; don't expect to be able to notice that your botox implant is crooked. Anyway, It was HOT under the Space-Ray heater on the patio, making for a sweaty and ice-instantly-melted beverage winter night. The food was alright with some interesting flavor pairings, but it was certainly not quite worth the price. The bread was the best I've had in Pittsburgh. Our server made it seem that everything she was doing was somebody else's job, in fact, it was mostly other people who delivered, which made it confusing in terms of knowing who to ask for things and whether or not to factor some of the fine service into the tip that presumably goes mostly to the primary server who was sub-par for upscale dining; our question for the kitchen left unanswered, "the host is supposed to do that but I will..." Run on. When I described the qualities I was looking for in my wine choice during beverage inquiry, she just stared blankly and waited for me to decide. The wine list did not include descriptions. The gal who delivered the wine thankfully did describe it before popping the top and it was determined that I did not want this cheapest option before me! She described another bubbly that sounded and was, according to my own tastes, delightful. I was so very satisfied with the sparkling sensation of the meal that I sought it out at the Wine and Spirits store. This was the moment that my minor disappointment in the value of my special-occasion dinner at Casbah turned into a feeling of devastating violation. I am talking about a 400% markup on the retail price of this wine. If you want to do your own math: at Casbah the 1/2 bottle of Gruet Blanc Du Noirs cost $35, while a WHOLE bottle at W&S is priced at $16.99. You can bet that I will choose to enjoy this wine elsewhere, like Avenue B (byob), next time. Casbah is lacking the quality service, honesty and original ambiance that should accompany creative food at moderately high prices.**Update: I recently saw a full size bottle of the Gruet on a restaurant menu for $30; Casbah, take a tip!
4	I went on a date with my girlfriend here, and it was a great experience.  Charming outside dining area with excellent service and a knowledgeable staff.  I will say that the food was a bit overpriced, but that's to be expected in Shadyside.  Great selection of fresh seafood - I had the salmon and it was delicious.  Reasonably priced wine list, as well. I would recommend Casbah for a special event or if you're rolling in the $$.
4	My boyfriend took me to Casbah for my birthday this March. This is one of our twice-a-year splurges and I have been wanted to go to this restaurant for ages.We were seated outside, in the covered, heated patio. We were far enough away from the heaters that we didn't get too hot, and far enough from the doors that we didn't get too cold. The menu has changed slightly since we dined there, but some of the things have stayed the same.We started with the sheep's milk gnudi, which is like ravioli without the pasta. I have a gluten allergy and I have missed ravioli quite a bit, so I was happy to eat this. The flavor of the sheep's milk is quite strong and unique, which I like. For entree, I had the double-cut pork chop. This was absolutely great - the flavors and textures of the pork, butternut squash risotto, braised kale, garlic cream, and sage jus went really well together. It was an enormous portion, as well - I took some home and ate it the next day!My boyfriend had the seared rare tuna. He was less thrilled with his dish, and when I tasted it, I agreed. I normally LOVE seared tuna but this was not the best treatment of it. It tasted a little too "fishy" and I didn't think the other flavors complimented the tuna. Instead of dessert, we sampled two dessert wines recommended to us by the server. I do think that $10 is a little much to charge for such a small glass of wine, but I guess that's what you have to expect when you dine at this level.We are great fans of the Big Burrito restaurants, and I think we preferred our experience at Soba to Casbah. While our food was really good, the prices were a little unreasonably high. And I wouldn't recommend the seared tuna!
4	Went here on father's day with my best friend and it was oddly not crowded at 11:30am on a Sunday. Anyway, we got the Brunch prix fixed meal with mimosas! Yum. We sat outside and it was just a nice cool environment with the overhang of plants and vines. For my 2 courses I got the cinnamon polenta which is basically like oatmeal but much more creamier. IT was honestly, amazing. I loved it. It came with some almonds and some cranberries, but the polenta itself was great. I would come back just to have that for breakfast. For the main dish i got a crab omelette. It came with fresh fruit and potato fingerlings. The potatoes were great and the omelette was ok. Not the best I have had, but any place with crab in an omelette should get credit.It was a great brunch and i was stuffed by the end. This place was courteous and the waitress was attentive but not overbearing. We had a great time here and it's just a nice place to relax.
4	I ate here in January and was very impressed. We ate in the basement, although Casbah has two floors and outdoor seating. I thought the atmosphere was very good, and the fish (I forget the exact dish) was well-prepared.This is on the expensive side, but worth it for a special occasion.
4	Another one of Pittsburgh's finest restaurants.  The best things about Casbah are it's very cool atmosphere, good service (a very friendly hostess and knowledgeable server).I had a wine flight (they have a good wine selection), and several appetizers, soups and salad.  Everything was delicious, especially the complimentary bread and they olive oil-based stuff you can put on it.  Most of the ingredients come from local farms and food suppliers, and I really liked they even gave them credit on the menu, the first time I have ever seen that in a restaurant (shouldn't they deserve at least as much credit as the chef? After all, they spend months growing the stuff chefs spend maybe seconds using).The atmosphere is really cool, I recommend sitting out on the patio in summer.  The only negative things I can say about Casbah is the high price for relatively little food and the misleading name (I expected more of a Middle Eastern menu and vibe).
4	Casbah is great for a special occasion or if you feel like splurging. The atmosphere is very nice and the food is fantastic. The beer selection is above average.
4	I had lunch here on a hot Saturday, so we skipped the outdoor seating in the front and opted for the air-conditioned interior. The sweet corn fondue appetizer was a definite highlight of the lunch.  I had thought that the cheese might drown out the flavor of the corn, but both flavors held their own very well.  The chanterelle mushroom and goat cheese omelet I had as my entree was okay but not outstanding.  I did, however, enjoy the mesclun salad that came with the omelet, especially the vinaigrette and fried shallot slices.  Dessert was a semolina cake with macerated fresh peaches and cream cheese ice cream (think cheesecake flavored).  The bookends of my meal were so delicious that I wasn't all that disappointed by the middle portion of it.While I can't afford Casbah on a regular basis as a grad student, the prices aren't exorbitant.  There's even a lunch special for $14, which gives you two courses: either a salad or cup of soup, and your choice of a pasta, risotto, or half a sandwich.  I didn't choose this option, but it seems like a reasonably-priced way to sample several things on the menu.Our server was very professional, and checked on us after every course (the appetizer, entrees and dessert).  I'll definitely keep Casbah in mind for special occasions in the future.  It's classy without being pretentious or stuffy.
4	If I could, I'd dock a half star after my second visit.  But I feel positively enough about my first meal there, that taking off a whole star seems harsh.  I got a free entree coupon for my birthday, for signing up for Big Burrito's mailing list, and decided to revisit Casbah.  The good: we got to enjoy the patio even though the weather was a little cool because it was heated.  My maccheretto, a pasta entree with white beans, sun-dried tomato, pesto and walnuts, was very good.  The pasta was al dente and the white beans were perfectly cooked (not mushy).  It was maybe a touch too salty (the fontina, maybe?), but I was happy with the choice.  Now, onto the weird.  After taking our orders, our waiter asked if we wanted bread with our big-calorie pasta dishes.  Checking if we want bread is fine--but, umm, he could have left out the comment about the pasta?  My friend and I are both twentysomething women.  Luckily, we're not that insecure about our bodies.  We like to eat.  Yes, bring the bread.When he brought our entrees, he sang "Happy birthday to you, happy birthday to you" under his breath as he put my pasta in front of me.  I don't like people singing to me at restaurants, so I'm grateful it wasn't audible to everyone else on the patio--but a simple "Happy birthday" would have sufficed.  Then when he cleared our plates, he asked if my dish was "everything [I] wanted, and more."  I appreciate the gestures, but it felt artificial.He asked if we'd like to see the dessert menu--and added that he was supposed to ask that, that we shouldn't feel obligated.  Uh, what?  I think this and the bread/pasta comment bothered me the most.  To redeem the birthday coupon, you have to show an ID.  I recently cut my hair, so it's different than my license photo.  When he returned my ID to me, our waiter said, "I like the short hair."  If this had been the only unusual statement he had made during the meal, I would have taken it as a compliment.  I guess it is one.  But when considered with all the other weird things, it just felt like he was trying way too hard and my friend and I both felt awkward.The food here is good and I feel that the service this time was unusual, and the more professional service I had on my first visit here is closer to the norm.  I'd feel leery, though, if I were to have this particular server again.
4	The food was excellent--I had the roasted garlic cream appetizer and orecchiette, but between our table, we tried half of the menu with no complaints.  The port flight was unique and the wine list was good.  The bartender has a little trouble with our cocktail orders, but those were good as well.  The covered patio was perfect for a Friday evening in late August--it was pouring outside and we stayed dry.  The service was so-so, which I'm docking a star for.  The server was attentive, but she was a little slow.  She also spilled the apple icewine on two of us while bringing out deserts and we were charged for those drinks.  It gets crowded, so make a reservation.Mad Mex is still my favorite Big Burrito restaurant, but Casbah is great for a more formal gathering or date night.
4	Nice menu, nice atmosphere. I'll definitely be back. NYC prices
4	I ate here for brunch on Sunday.  It's $22 and you may have to roll yourself out after.  It included a mimosa/bloody mary, appetizer, and main plate.  I had the fruit and cheese along with the brioche french toast.  All was great.  They could have had some more flavorful cheeses, but the atmosphere and kind service made up for the lackluster cheese.  The bacon and potato fingerlings were absolutely amazing!  I will definitely be returning for brunch!
4	great atmosphere and great food. while the menu changes seasonally, my group all enjoyed the food - crab/scallop pasta, pumpkin risotto and rare tuna.casbah also has a great wine list, and great service that is there when you need them, but doesn't annoy.
4	This restaurant really knows how to cook meat and fish.  The fried calamari (appetizer) was cooked to perfection with a perfect batter and tender beyond belief.  The duck course (entree) was the most tender meat I have ever eaten.  It was probably overly harsh, but only gave four stars because the side of risotto and the sauce on the duck didn't blow me away.  The maple panna cotta dessert was also incredible.  It was a custard with a light cookie and cranberry comfit on top, phenom.
4	I've been here twice now, once for drinks and once for dinner, and I'd have to say that generally, I'm a fan.  Their happy hour has some good deals - $6 cocktails and glasses of wine, and $1 of bottled beer.  It was a fun, trendy atmosphere and a nice place to go for a glass of sangria after a busy day.I came back for dinner a month or so later.  We had reservations (on a Monday night) and were seated immediately -even though the restaurant was surprisingly busy.  We sat in the covered area out front - sort of like sitting in a dim, Mediterranean garden.  And yes - the lights are low throughout the whole restaurant.  Even with my young eyes, I still needed a candle to read the menu.  But it is romantic and a peaceful place to eat.  A little uncomfortable, as they have metal chairs (sort of like upscale patio furniture), but not a big deal.  Sit inside at a booth if you need to sit on something soft.The menu is pricey and we're all poor, so we just got entrees.  I actually had a cocktail to start - the Perfect Pear - with elderflower liqueur, vodka, sage, pear, and vermouth.  There was even a little sage leaf floating in the glass.  It was a wonderful drink, with all the flavors I love.  Still, for the price, I think the portion was a little stingy.  When I buy an $11 cocktail, I like it to really fill the glass.  We nibbled on warm bread while we waited, and all tried their pesto on top - I think it was an unusual homemade pesto, something like walnut-watercress?  It was a bit bland - I think regular basil pesto would've been a better choice.Things got better during the actual dinner.  I ordered the Heritage Farms Chicken which was juicy and fresh, and served with a tangy pasta.  Each little detail of the dish was well-chosen - honestly, even the grilled baby squash was outstanding.  It's just squash!  But somehow, it was heavenly.  My friend enjoyed her Cioppino, and my boyfriend liked his veal tortellini, complete with rich pieces of lobster.  I tried a little bit, and it was tasty - very herbal and really bursting with flavor.  The only dish that fell a little flat was the potato gnocchi - my friend's boyfriend ordered it.  Actually he liked most of it very much, but he couldn't get past the aggressive bitterness of the turnip greens.  I tasted them too, and I have to say - it was off-putting.  Perhaps that's just the way turnip greens are, but it really didn't work for us in the dish.  Fortunately, the waitress was incredibly kind and helpful, and brought him out a new plate sans greens, which he finished happily.We also had a few desserts - vanilla bean creme brulee for us, flourless chocolate torte for them.  I didn't taste it, but apparently it was incredibly rich.  I enjoyed our creme brulee - because I enjoy all creme brulee - although the roasted quince on top didn't quite work for me.  Overall, the meal ranged between good and very good, but the great service from our waitress really pushed this to a 4 star rating.  I had hoped to be a little more wowed by the food.  But this experience was definitely positive enough to warrant a second visit for dinner.  I think it'd be a nice place to go for a special occasion, or if you feel like a little splurge on a flavorful meal.
3	Very tasty food and drinks! Its a little pricey, but worth it if you want something better than a typical chain.
3	The interior is very nice. The food is a hit or miss. We went for brunch today. You can select a drink (alcoholic or non), an appetizer, and a brunch entree for the price of $22. The appetizers we had (pollenta and squash&chestnut soup) were very good. The entrees, on the other hand, left a lot to be desired. We got the mushroom omelet and jumbo lump crab and tomato omelet. The omelet was very bland. It did not have much flavor and needed seasoning and more ingredients than just eggs. Basically, I have had better omelets at some Denny's. My drink mimosa was just OK. My girlfriend's blood mary was delicious, though -- uniquely spicy. I have been to Casbah 4 times, last time being for brunch today. The first time, it was good, worthy of 4 stars. It gradually went down to 3 stars. The wine selection is good. But the food is definitely hit or miss. Once I had a halibut that smelled like the ocean. It was not well cooked or fresh, or something. Consistency is the key in a nice restaurant; Casbah leaves much to be desired in this regard.
4	Great food and very nice decor, one of my favorite restaurants outside downtown Pitt.  The best places around Pitt are the bars or bar/restaurants (some of the best in the country IMO).  But if you're looking for a straight-up classy place to eat, it's a tough place to beat.
4	Last night was the first time that we had been to Casbah in a long time - we used to absolutely love it, but a couple of disappointing brunch and dinner experiences had put us off of it. However, we decided to give it another chance, and I am glad that we did. Even though we had a reservation, we were seated (without them asking us our preference) in the front area, but that was fine, since the heaters kept it toasty warm. It was also a great table thanks to our terrific waitress. Wow, was she cheerful and friendly! She was also helpful with making recommendations - when I asked her about the cocktails, she pointed out the relatively new "Beet and Potato," which had beet-infused vodka as one of the main ingredients. It was a cool cocktail - an interesting blend of savory and sweet, and very seasonally appropriate. I don't know if I would order it again, but I'm very glad I had it once.For dinner, I ended up having a soup and then an appetizer, since I wasn't too hungry. The caramelized onion soup was so warming - it was like an update of the classic french onion soup. The broth was not too salty (a common problem with onion soups), and the onions had been braised perfectly. Everything was just the right texture as the onions, broth, and "crouton" blended together.I ordered the sheep's milk gnudi for my main course. Even though it came in an appetizer-sized portion, it was still a lot of food, since the gnudi are so filling. The gnudi were nicely molten in the middle, and just the right softness on the outside. There were a variety of accompaniments to the gnudi, but the standouts were the brussel sprouts. I'm actually not a huge fan of sprouts, but I ate every one in the dish. They were light and buttery, solid but not rock-hard, and had just a trace amount of bitterness left. That is how sprouts should taste!Even though I didn't plan on ordering dessert, I ended up getting the warm walnut baklava with cinnamon ice cream. The warmth of the baklava melted the ice cream nicely, and the flavors just blended together on the plate. The baklava was quite traditional in its assembly and spice blend, but the extra cinnamon with cream gave the whole dessert just a bit of extra oomph.In summary, I'm glad that we gave Casbah another try. I wish that they would go back to offering all of their pastas in both entree and appetizer sizes, and I miss the crazy variety of wine flights that they used to have (it seems like they just have 4 now), but it's still a great dinner destination.
2	Disappointing. My bf and I went for JUST dessert and wine, which we told the hostess ahead of time. The waitress was very curt and disrespectful. We were rushed to order (even though there were plenty of empty tables and it was NOT closing time). She did not offer suggestions or advice.We ended up ordering the flourless chocolate cake. The cake was extremely rich (but delicious!) and the portion was just right for sharing after dinner. The marscapone was silky and paired perfectly with the cherries on top.The waitress kept coming back to see if we were done and ready for our check. After we got the check, she was in a hurry to get us out the door. I am completely dissatisfied with the service and will not go back to this restaurant simply because of it.
4	In order of consumption...the bar is energetic, but has the worst and completely immovable bar stools ever created. We were initially placed outside in the all year round patio...absolutely no atmosphere, so we asked for a table inside...20 minutes later we were inside which had a much better vibe. I started with the Blue Bay Mussels which were truly the best I have ever had, plump, juicy and perfectly complemented by the chorizo and white beans, absolutely sublime. My wife had the veal meatballs that were also delicious. For the entrees I had the lamb loin with couscous and my wife had the veal tortellini, although very tasty we oth agreed that both were too rich. My only criticism would be that ALL the entrees looked rich.
3	I have to agree with the "hit or miss" reviewers about Casbah, at least when it comes to the food. I came here for brunch last weekend with a big group. They were very accomodating to us throughout the reservation process and the brunch, which was good. And our waiter, Daniel, was great. The previous reviewer who said the Bloody Mary is the best drink was spot-on. It had a great spice and was the only drink that seemed like it had any alcohol in it at all. The mimosa and sangria were very "eh." I loved my smoked salmon appetizer (and that did seem to be the hit at the table), but entrees around the table left people disappointed. The goat cheese and mushroom omelette could have had a heckuva lot more goat cheese and mushrooms, and my scallop/sausage/grits/egg dish just had way too much going on. The grits were actually fabulous, but the scallops were overcooked and got lost next to the scrambled eggs (?) and sage sausage crumbles. If I lived in Pittsburgh, I could see myself coming back here for wine and appetizers, but I'm not sure I would make it a regular brunch or dinner spot.
3	Casbah is more like a 3.5 but I rounded down:)  We arrived after happy hour at Soba, apparently owned by the same people, for dinner.  There were four of us, and they started us out with delicious drinks.  I had the margarita topped with Malbec which was surprisingly yummy. For appetizers we tried the meatballs and the grilled trip of flatbreads with mediterranean dips.  For mains, I had the rare seared tuna, Andrea had the salmon, and Allejandro and Elie both had the gnocchi.  Everything was ok to start and the mains were all good, although they rely heavily on butter and huge portions for their mainstay of flavor and satisfaction.  It was interesting to have such big portions after NYC where I'm used to portion control, but I decidedly prefer more reasonable portions (maybe somewhere in between). All in all, a nice garden, pleasant and a good place for conversation.
2	Had a very lack-luster Mother's Day brunch at Casbah yesterday. Despite having a very late reservation time of 2:30 p.m., we were seated in the dungeon-like basement dining room. I asked for tables upstairs in the daylight but there was allegedly no way to accommodate my request. Worst part about the basement is the thumping from the sub-woofer located above -- really ridiculous. Service was fine. Timing of drinks and first brunch course were acceptable given it was a busy day, but then gap of 35+ minutes for entrees left us all sitting there, not enjoying the dark of the basement nore the perpetually thumping base. An utterly forgettable mother's day brunch (luckily she took it in stride) but I think Casbah will not be at the top of the list in my book for quite awhile.
2	I came here with a friend for her birthday, and the food really isn't particularly special.  Portions are decent, and I guess the prices are reasonable... if they had better food. The outside of restaurant makes me think that the inside will be just as square and boring, but the inside patio area was pretty nice actually.Overall, I just wasn't very impressed with the food.  If I was offered to eat this food for free, sure, I'd take a helping, but probably not seconds.
4	Rock the Casbah! Rock the Casbah! A group of us went to the Casbah for a girls' (and one guy) lunch.  It has been ages since I've been to the Casbah, and since I live clear across the country, I was looking forward to going back.  All of us enjoyed our meals -- many ordered the Jumbo Lump Crab Chopped Salad or the Wild Mushroom and Goat Cheese Omelet.  Both were nice portions. I was fixated on the Orecchiette Pasta, grilled chicken, dried cranberries, Capriole goat cheese, sage cream, and it was a home run!  (I wasn't watching calories that day!)  Service was excellent . . . surprisingly so, especially with a table of eleven, a bunch of "Sallies" and one "Harry" if you know what I mean.
4	Casbah is the type of restaurant that I find most difficult to write about.I came here recently with my beau for a special birthday dinner, seeing as they had several vegetarian options on their menu. We booked our reservation on OpenTable, which I was glad to see that they actually used. I noted that both of us diners were vegetarian and found that our server and hostess were very accommodating in that respect.We were seated outside, which offered us a pleasant experience on their lovely patio. Their ambiance is nice and their service outstanding. I found that everyone there knew what they were talking about and possessed a deep passion for food, as opposed to obnoxious pretense which upscale restaurants like Casbah can have.As for the food, it was above average. Nothing outstanding, but definitely still tasty. My boyfriend ordered the gnocchi (made veg), which turned out to be excellent, while I got the cavatelli (also made veg). We also shared a half-order of the torchetti and unfortunately, neither the cavatelli nor the torchetti stood out too much. The gnocchi and the appetizer (grilled chickpea flatbread) were by far the highlights.In the end, come here for the service and ambiance, but don't expect to have the meal of your lifetime.
4	Of the Big Burrito group restaurants Casbah is the one that has never failed us.  Consistent and delicious with great flavors of the mediterrean.  All of the dishes are served with great flavors from their pastas to their duck but their signature Arugula salad is a reason in and of itself to visit.  Crisp clean flavors with complex combinations of textures.Special occasions or hungry on a week night... casbah is a great stop
3	My husband and I went to Casbah to celebrate my birthday one evening.  We were seated on the patio which was fine before a party of 20 was seated with a 1 year old who was banging his silverware on the table all night.  So much for romantic!  Ever hear of a babysitter?  Anyway, ambience aside, let's get to the food which overall I would give a C+.  We started with the veal and pork meatballs which were the highlight of the meal.  The perfect blend of sweet (fresh tomato sauce) and spicy -- the meatballs had a nice tang, and the polenta was delicious albeit there wasn't much of it there.  We each then had the heirloom tomato salad which was tasteless.  I grow heirlooms and know the intense and wonderful flavor they should have. These tasted like a grocery store tomato bought in December.  Very disappointing.  I opted for the cavatelli entree which was not prepared as described on the menu.  It was swimming in tomato sauce and overall was very bland.  Another disappointment.  My husband had the pork chop which wasn't bad but certainly didn't leave us wanting to return here for the food.  All this said, the service was professional, we enjoyed the drinks (he had the sangria and I their house cosmopolitan) and had a lovely bottle of wine.  I might return here for happy hour but it was not the right choice for a romantic special occasion dinner.  And we had the decency to hire a babysitter for our children, otherwise we would have stayed home.
3	I finally went to Casbah for brunch today. Rolled in at 10am to meet a handful of people. Because it is Labor Day weekend, the place was empty except for a woman who had just gotten there too which was nice because a friend had warned me that the place gets crazy. We sat outside and atmosphere was cozy under the tent with the warm colors of the decor. Our waitress was incredibly friendly and presented us with the menus. I think it is great they have a prix fixe brunch - 1 alchy or nonalchy drink, an appetizer and an entree - but for $24. It looks like they have since raised the prices since Miles O. went. I felt it was just a tad steep and a lot of food but took the plunge anyway. I ordered the smoked salmon for the appetizer and the mushroom omlette for my entree, and had a hot coffee (they did not have ice coffee though offered to put ice with hot coffee if I wanted it). The waitress brought out some delicious mini baked treats before we got our dishes - poppy scone (on the crispier side but delicious), blueberry muffins and biscuits, which were all buttery goodness. After eating these I was getting a little full and then after my appetizer I realized I probably should not have gotten the prix fixe but could have would have should have. I ended up boxing half of my omlette entree. Portions were large, atmosphere was cool, food was good and wait staff were awesome but in the end I don't think $24 (not including the tip and tax) was worth it.
5	My fiance and I like to go to Casbah for special occasions and each time it never disappoints.  The food is great (I highly recommend the Pork Chop and the Short Rib Ravioli), the drinks are wonderful (I am a sucker for good Sangria - and Casbah's is wonderufl) and the service is outstanding (our servers are always friendly, prompt and very knowledgeable).
5	I had heard from friends that Casbah was one of the best restaurants in Pittsburgh, and my experience definitely lived up to the hype.  I don't know how a place owned by a company called Big Burrito Group churns out such outstanding Mediterranean fare, but I was impressed.  Everything was done right--the ambiance was sophisticated yet unpretentious, service was professional, and the wine list was impressive, especially the by-the-glass options, which were necessary since I was dining solo.  The food (I started with grilled Spanish octopus and then had the halibut) was all fresh and prepared to perfection, with inventive flavoring that complimented rather than overwhelmed the dishes themselves.  I'm not in Pittsburgh often--too bad, it is a beautiful city--but I would visit Casbah again without hesitation.
3	Um.  A little bummed.  I had high expectations, but left feeling just...meh.The restaurant is really cool looking but I was a little confused by the bar set up.  We sat at the bar because they didn't have any tables open.  I usually don't mind sitting at the bar but the stools are bolted to the floor, and about 2 feet from each other.  If you have three people with you, forget about mingling!  Also, the service was very iffy.  There was a bartender, and then a server for the bar area (or what it seemed like).  The bartender got us our drinks, but never told us a server would be with us.  I figured she was our server too.  But then some other woman came up to us all flustered.  She never introduced herself, just asked what we wanted and kept saying "okay, okay, okay."  Just very odd.  It continued that way the entire time.I tried the prix fixed brunch for $24, which includes your choice of an alcoholic bevvie (Bloody Mary, Sangria or Mimosa), appetizer and main course.  I had the mimosa, that was the perfect mix (splash of OJ:), Polenta and Eggs Beni.  The cinnamon polenta, which was delish: light, fluffy and warm with dried fruit and almonds on top.  I loved it!The Eggs Beni with smoked salmon.  It was just okay.  I kept trying to think pf what was missing and I believe it was that the hollandaise sauce had no real taste.  I expect hollandaise sauce to be rich and creamy, this was thin and blah.  I definitely want to go back and try the dinner, see if maybe I'll have a little better luck.  So kick it up a notch Casbah, you've been around for a while, but I still expect good food!
5	Out of towners that happened to stumble upon this gem. Thanks, Siri. Wow! What a great experience. Fantastic, wine, food and service.
3	Passed this restaurant for years on my way to Buffalo Blues or more recently Mad Mex but have never actually eaten here.  Having finally come for lunch, I overall enjoyed it but it had some ups and some downs.  I ordered the Piccola Gusto Menu which for me included the Cream of Cauliflower soup, the Orecchiette Pasta and the Roasted Turkey Sandwich.  It sounds like a lot of food but the pasta serving is mini and it's a half sandwich.  For me, the size was just right.  The soup was awesome, and I could have eaten an entire lunch of just it.  The pasta was a little too creamy for me and just didn't have enough seasoning or spice.  I did love the addition of the cranberries in it though.  The perfect amount of sweet to offset the cream.  The roast turkey sandwich was just that.  Not out of this world, but not bad.  My biggest complaint was the service.  It took a really long time to get our meals which is always a bad thing during a weekday lunch.  I'd like to go back here for a happy hour when it's warm so I can enjoy the covered patio though and a nice glass of wine!
4	So I hated this Soba place owned by the same people, and I happen to stumble into this joint for lunch. It had a great sandwich (crab) and the soup was pretty decent (cream of cauliflower). Not sure how they are owned by the same people as Soba (I mean, obviously different chefs) but usually the same owner means similar quality and price, no?  Maybe the dishes are just hit and miss, and I got a hit here, whereas I had a serious miss over at Soba.  In any case, the crab sandwich was good-- nice, large chunks of crab.  No overkill on the sauce.  The soup was likewise good.  I don't understand how the two restaurants could possibly be related given the night and day of my food experience!  The wine, however, was overpriced for the quality.  I guess people aren't from SF and expect good wines for the same price!  Save your money, buy a nice $40-60 bottle at home and have a much better vino experience but pay less (or the same!).
4	This review is for brunch only! I've never been here for dinner...but been here quite a few times for brunch.Casbah's brunch is a prix fixe...which at first seems expensive, but when you realize the amount of food you're getting, it's sooo not. You get an appetizer, entree, and drink (yes, a real drink, with alcohol) for just $24. I usually end up spending more at my other Big Burrito brunch spot, Kaya, so I consider this a pretty good deal.They start you off with a basket of muffins and biscuits with honey butter on the side. And it's refillable. Try to restrain yourself from eating too many baked goods though, so you can get to the real food. For appetizers, everything I've had was pretty good (polenta and the salads have been my faves), but for the entree, there is only ONE thing you should order: The lamb & eggs!  Crusty sourdough bread topped with spinach topped with braised lamb shoulder and roasted garlic, topped with poached eggs. One of the best things I have ever eaten in the morning. The scallop scramble is just okay, the steak & eggs are pretty delish...but the lamb & eggs is by far the best thing on the brunch menu.This is one of the few places where I don't opt for the Bloody Mary...it's pretty blah. I do their Salty Dog with freshly squeezed grapefruit juice, or sometimes get it sans alcohol if I'm really feeling the pain from Saturday night.Unfortunately, while I love the atmosphere, I feel like the service is lacking. I can't explain why, but it always feels awkward and doesn't hold up to the standards set at other Big Burrito spots (even Mad Mex). I know it gets busy on Sundays, but still. Service issues aside, The food is still worth it.
4	Very expensive for a college student, but quite good.I would recommend this if you enjoy European food in general.
3	You know what's good? Tomato-basil soup with cream in it.  And even better? Finding a way to eat on the patio in January. Where the dining room at Casbah is intimate and warm, the patio is bright, open and shielded from the elements. The waitstaff was friendly and helpful, and the lunch specials were actually special - good flavor, slightly indulgent, but you don't leave feeling overstuffed. I want to eat my way through the menu.
5	OH MAN! My boyfriend and I came here after having a wonderful experience at Soba Lounge. Big Burrito Group does it again.Casbah prints their menu daily so some of their dishes you see online won't be offered that day. You'll still find something delicious, though.We thought the place looked kind of shoddy when we saw the front of it, but it turns out they pitch up a tent-house in front of the actual restaurant to make their usual outdoor seating into additional seating during the wretched Pittsburgh winter.Our bread came with a walnut pecorino pesto and it was AMAZING. We were kind of disappointed that they only gave us 4 slices but the food we had ordered came out so quickly afterwards that we barely had time to mope about it.I ordered the long island duck, with chestnut spaetzle, brussels sprouts, sage, apples, and cherries. The tanginess of the cherry and mild fruitiness of the apple was an amazing complement with the rich meatiness of the duck jus. I didn't think there was enough sauce but both the duck breast and duck leg were so tender I didn't care. I ended up almost finishing the entire plate even though the serving size was considerably large. All of that for under $30. My boyfriend got the lamb shank, which was a super simple dish (lamb with mashed potatoes) that they managed to make out of this world. Super tender with a generous amount of lamb jus swimming around the plate. For dessert, please get the dark chocolate raspberry bread pudding. It takes a while for it to come out because they bake it on the spot. The 10 minute wait is so worth it. There are huge chunks of super dark chocolate and fresh raspberries in the fluffiest bread pudding I've ever had. Just remember not to burn yourself on the plate like I did. The meal ended with complimentary salted caramel. Don't put the whole thing in your mouth like I did.
4	Loved it. Great service, great food, great wine. Very yummy.
4	This place was recommended by an employee at Evolve spa across the street and I was very happy with the restaurant. The Salmon appetizer was delicious as was the gnocchi meal. I will definitely go back to this restaurant when I visit the area.
4	Food phenomenal! Service can be hit or miss.
2	1. Sat outside on patio metallic chairs and tables, when we made reservation expecting to sit in the restaurant, not outside! There was no information about this. If the restaurant inside seats g is full. Then they should mention to the customers making reservations that they will be sitting outside!!!2. Food is mediocre at best! They even screwed my order. Asked for risotto and got some pasta, not sure what.3. Asked for two cabs, someone at restaurant changed it to one big cab instead which could not hold all of us so we had to wait for another 25 mins for another one!! Would not recommend to anyone. Enough other good restaurants in Pittsburgh to go to. They have to have paid their way into magazines rating them highly!
5	Ate lunch at Casbah for the first time. Tried the Piccolo Gusto: $15 gets you a small choice of salad, a half sandwich and a half portion of a pasta or risotto. Great deal and fantastic food. Argula salad, shodt rib sandwich and wild mishroom/truffle risotto. No need for dinner today!
4	Overall a good experience. Food was mostly very good. My sweet pea risotto was just OK. My wife's short rib ravioli was creative and very tasty. Neither of us are big eaters, but noted how small the portions were, especially compared to the price. One cup of risotto for $20+? Four ravioli for the same?They altered the desert recipe on request, which for sure was over and above the call.Service was attentive and the setting nice.
2	Sharia don't like it, and neither does Becky. Boy and I went to Casbah on a warm Tuesday evening. The restaurant wasn't busy, and we were seated in the inviting outdoor patio. Our waitress was very pleasant and extremely informative about both the drink and food menus. We shared a bottle of Mission la Caminade (Malbec, French). This was a very good, medium-bodied wine. Many yelpers have raved about Casbah's bread and pesto. I don't get it. I've had much better sourdough elsewhere and the pesto wasn't anything to write home about. I had the asparagus soup with crab for an appetizer.  The soup was served cold and tasted fresh enough, but something was off, and I barely ate half of it. I ordered the orecchiette pasta as an entree, which was served with grilled chicken and cranberries in a goat cheese cream sauce. I am upset to report that this tasted rather bland. The cranberries were the only spark of flavor in the dish.  Boy ordered the ricotta cavatelli pasta, which was in a marinara sauce with sausage and ricotta. I am sad to report that this too was tasteless. The ricotta was dumped on top and added nothing to the dish. We glanced at the dessert menu, after spending so much on food we didn't enjoy, boy and I decided to cross the street for ice cream, instead. Overall, Casbah has a nice atmosphere and service, but their food quality doesn't match the price tag.
3	I came here a year ago and had a really awesome meal.  I'd say the best in Pittsburgh I'd had since arriving.  Given that, we went here for a birthday dinner.Overall, we were all left with kind of a "meh" experience.  Our server seemed pretty disinterested and slow.  I think the low point was someone ordered a steak medium rare (for $38).  What came out was a well done and COLD piece of meat.  It looked like a hockey puck. When he sent it back, no apology...and no change in the bill.  I at least expected a manager or someone to come out and apologize and say "We've taken it off the bill" or SOMETHING.  Nope.  He sat there watching the rest of us finish our entrees before his replacement steak arrived.The rest of the entrees were good and I would go back.  But probably with lowered expectations.
3	I had a free entree from Big Burrito for my birthday, for which we decided to use at Casbah a few weeks ago. It was my first time there, though I've tried a few other BB restaurants in the past. Food: - Cracked pepper butter was delicious - I had to warn the waitress not to let me have any more bread and ruin my meal!- Grilled Bruschetta (ricotta, fava beans, Swiss chard,  preserved lemon, arugula, chervil, Calcagno) was a bit too lemon-y for my liking- Short Rib Raviolli (Short Rib Ravioli, Swiss chard, oyster mushrooms, roasted shallots, gremolata) was very savory and I would definitely order it again- Double-Cut Pork Chop (with braised kale, prosciutto & parmesan risotto, garlic cream, sage jus) was Joe's meal. I tasted a bit of everything and really enjoyed the kale. I like really really creamy risotto, and this wasn't quite there. I dont want to say it was undercooked, as I like I just like mine over-cooked.- Fried Apple Empanadas (vanilla bean cider reduction, toasted oat streusel,  caramel ice cream) The ice cream was great, but the empanadas were bland to me.Service: Not terrible. I understand at nice restaurants people enjoy taking their time to relax, enjoy their meals, and converse with their dinner-mates, but our server should have been more observant to the fact that we would be just sitting there with empty places waiting for the desert menu. I will note, though, that the table next to us returned two glasses of the same wine and the bartender came over and very politely suggested an alternative wine for the patron. They were very accommodating in this way. Will I go back? Someday - but I think I may try Soba or Kaya first.
4	We arrived late in the evening and had to ask our waiter about the "pasta festival," which he mentioned.  It turned out that both pastas, the salad, the calamari, the cocktails, and the service were good.  Casbah would have been livelier earlier and more pleasant without a loud and persistent talker in the party of 6 at the next table.  I'd definitely return for the food and service.
3	I was treated to Casbah for lunch by a potential employer who had passed me over, but really, really liked me. She said it was her favorite restaurant, but that she didn't go as often as she'd like.I knew the building from the early 80's when it had been one of Pittsburgh's dive gay bars called 'The Tender Trap', and knowing this, as well as a lot about the Big Bistroid Group...oops...Big BURRITO Group, I was curious to try it out and see if it lived up to the usual Big Burrito hype.  And voila, indeed, it's another excruciatingly overpriced bistroid in da burgh.The atmosphere is actually quite lovely, inside or out. The colors are comfortable, the noise levels subtle, the seating comfortable, and the service staff looks professional (YOUNG) with no Coney Island side show appearances.The service was good. Not overly friendly, but not uppity like young people waiting tables in more upscale restaurants tend to be in da bugh.The menu was short, but did have a list of pretty unique offerings.  My friend had a salmon salad, and I opted to try the Farm Lamb Mac-n-Cheese.  The waiter brought a small basket with bread to the table accompanied by a single medium sized pat of salted butter to spread.  For a beverage, we both opted for just water.I have to say, if I actually had to pay for this, I would have been pretty miffed.  For LUNCH, the prices were all around the $15 range, and the portions were NOT large.  The portions were actually fine for lunch, not overly filling (by any stretch of the imagination), but they didn't leave you hungry.I can't speak for the salmon, as I have NEVER had salmon in any form other than lox that didn't taste like a dried sawdust version of some strong fish. She seemed to enjoy it very much, so there it is.The Farm Lamb mac n cheese was tasty. The lamb was tender and moist, and the mac n cheese was a tiny tube pasta with a very nice creamy cheesy sauce, all topped with a bread crumb covering when it was broiled until crispy.  It was accompanied by a 'pinch' of mesclun salad topped with another pinch of fried onions.Basically - take one large spoonful of mac n cheese with a higher end cheese sauce and a fancier noodle than comes in the average box - mix in about four cubes of roast lamb, sprinkle on a layer of bread crumbs and toss it in the broiler until the crumbs are toasted - then using your index finger and thumb, pick up a pinch of mesclun and sit it on the plate next to the mac n cheese bowl - and you have a bistroid expensive art project on a plate.Seriously? $15 for lunch? It's mac n cheese people!I also have to call into question the name and theme.  Mad Mex is bistroid Tex Mex.  Soba is bistroid Asian.  Kaya is bistroid Caribbean-ish.  Casbah? Farm Lamb mac n cheese? Sure, I can see this as a box lunch while riding a camel through the desert...not.I can't say the experience was awful. The company was awesome, and we had a nice unpressured amount of time for fun chat.  The atmosphere was comfortable, and the food was tasty.  But was it all worthy of a return trip or recommendation?  I honestly can't say 'yes' with any kind of cheerleader rave.  I'm not quite sure that I comprehend the mindset of people in this burgh who think paying that kind of money for food is worth it, when honestly, food with just as much flavor can be found in abundance around town for half the price and twice the portion. Who are all of these easily dupe-able rich people, and where do they come from? Want to blow that kind of money? Get out your check book and let me give you my address!
3	I'm actually giving it 3.5 stars.  3 for the appetizers and 4 for the entrees.  My wife and I went to Casbah for the first time.  As we usually do, we decided to share our entrees (TIP - you can get half portion sizes of the pastas!!) and augment the meal with a few appetizers.  For the appetizers, we got the chickpea flatbread, the arugula salad and the sea scallops.  The flatbread and salad were just OK.  The sea scallops would have been delicious except for the "cured egg yolk" which was infused in the avacado sauce.  For those who have never tried a cured egg yolk, I would consider yourself lucky.  Actually, the taste wasn't too bad.  The smell, however, reminded me of what you would smell if you were on the set of a nasty version of a Hoarders TV episode.  Must be an acquired taste.For the main course, we chose the short rib ravioli and the cavatelli.  Both were excellent, especially the ravioli.  No complaints at all.Overall, a very pleasant experience.  Good atmosphere.  Our waitress was very friendly.  The place was busy and had a nice vibe to it.  Unfortunately, some of the food was a slight disappointment.
5	Hard to remember another restaurant that hit home runs from start to finish.  Yinzes say it's pricey but I disagree, the quality is hard to find period.  Very progressive menu but not too wild, products are from near area farms, very knowledgable staff.  And butter served at the right temperature, that's a novel idea!  Just a great experience, can't wait to get back there.
4	Good food - Great atmosphere!Service will depend mostly on where you sit - They have a nice covered outdoor seating, if you're out with a group of friends - The bar area is pretty neat with lounge seating facing the bar.Try the Short Rib Ravioli
4	Service is a little slow but overall the best food I've had in Pittsburgh so far. If you're a seafood fan, the scallops are amazing. Very decent wine list and lots of parking.
5	casbah is the last big burrito restaurant i had left to try and i really liked it. i started with the sangria to drink which was delicious, and i'm usually not a huge fan of sweet drinks like that. we split the grilled flatbread app. the dips weren't anything super special, but the bread was thick and flavorful. no complaints. then we both got piccola gusta and split all our items. (the piccola gusta gives you salad or soup, half a sandwich, and half a pasta) between the two of us we had the tomato & basil bisque, arugula salad, crab cake sandwich, salumi sandwich, orecchiette pasta, and ricotta cavatelli.i'm not a big fan of tomato soup, in fact, i never eat it, but i tried the bisque and loved it. it tasted more like a tomato sauce than soup. the arugula salad was great as well. the crab cake sandwich was really small but good, and the salumi sandwich was amazing... probably my favorite part of the meal. both pastas were good, but i personally preferred the orecchiette, the cranberries sealed the deal for me.i love the atmosphere, we sat out on the covered patio, and the service was great as well.i'll definitely be back again, hopefully to try the different brunch and dinner menus!
4	In my opinion, Casbah is the best of the big burrito restaurants. I have been to Casbah for dinner and drinks a few times. During my latest experience, I was impressed by the hearty fall entrees. I decided to take my husband to Casbah for his birthday on friday night. I called on Monday and luckily, I was able get a reservation without a problem. When we arrived, the restaurant was packed but we did not have to wait. We were sat in the beautiful front covered patio area. We decided to start our meal with the veal and pork meatballs. This was my favorite part of the meal. I could have ordered 3 of these for my entree! The polenta and the crispy brussel sprouts added a smoothness and a salty crunch. Delish. You have to try these! For my entree, I ordered the double cut pork chop and my husband ordered the cioppino. The huge pork chop arrived medium well, as requested, but was still tender and juicy, even better when dipped in the sage jus. In additiion, the bitterness of the braised kale paired well with the smooth, creamy parmesan and proscutto risotto. My husband was also a big fan of the cioppino. The mussels, clams, shrimp, halibut and scallops were cooked to perfection. I was equally impressed with the size of the scallops. We're talking the width of a coffee cup! Unfortunately, we were too full for dessert but were presented with housemade salted carmels to end our meal. If you are looking for a place to enjoy good wine, amazing food and a pleasant atmosphere, Casbah is for you.
4	Went here for the brunch prix-fixe menu- such a good deal! Drink, appetizer, and main course all for $24. First, we got a pastry basket with mini-scones, croissants and biscuits. I told myself I would eat half of each to try everything, but they were too tasty to resist! For appetizer, I got the granola and berries and my friend got the creamy polenta. Both were great options! The granola did not taste like anything you get in a box- could definitely tell it was made in-house. The creamy polenta was so different and delicious- will get that next time I go back. Was pretty full by this point but that didn't stop me from completing my  main course! I got the Casbah Benedict with Smoked Salmon and my friend has the Tuscan Eggs. We both thoroughly enjoyed our meals and were stuffed by the end!
3	Went here for drinks with some friends.  The bar service was definitely interesting.  Some of the time the waitress was really on point and was there ready to take your drink orders, but after the first drink it was really hard to get a second. I can't speak for the food, but will update my review when I get back to try the food.  Overall my dirty martini was good, though it definitely could have used some better quality olives (these were bottled with the red pepper on the inside used on salads).  I will definitely be back to try the food, but I hope the table service is better than the bar service.
5	Casbah is definitely my favorite restaurant in P-burgh; in fact, usually when I go somewhere else I wind up regretting that I didn't just go to Casbah. Every dish I've had has been excellent; some favorites are the sheep's milk gnudi, tuna tartare, arugala salad, bread pudding, and pretty much every soup. The short rib ravioli is a must have although arguably a touch salty. The menu is so inventive!
5	My wife and I go to Casbah every year for my birthday. It is my favorite of the Big  Burrito restaurants, and they have a birthday deal for $30 off an entree. This time I started with the Parsnip & Chestnut Soup, garnished with braised chicken, arugula & almond pesto. It was divine, with the rich sweetness for which parsnips are noted. My main course was Elysian Fields Farm Lamb Loin with flageolet beans, merguez sausage, turnips, greens and whole grain mustard. It was cooked perfectly pink, as ordered, and the flavors complemented each other.For dessert, I skipped my usual chocolate - they offered Chocolate Mousse, Chocolate Cheesecake and Dark Chocolate Raspberry Bread Pudding. I decided to try the Pumpkin Bread with Butter Rum Sauce and Cream Cheese Ice Cream.  The cake was light and tasty and the ice cream and sauce were excellent.
2	For the record, I have returned a few times and still entirely stand by my original review from nearly 3 years ago. I will add that the food portions also seem to be decreasing! We went during happy hour last week and I had the worst tasting rye drink possible - described as rye with fig jam, bitters and lemon, sounded like something that cannot possibly be fucked up, but tasted like nothing but the juice wrenched out of unripe lemons - super dry and gave me a stomach ache. No fig flavor to be detected. To make matters worse, when my partner tried to ask the bartender about the drink, if it was supposed to be sooo god-aweful lemony, she responded with a "yes, it's got lemon in it." When he pressed the issue, she simply repeated, "yes, it's a lemon and fig drink." More frustrating than conversations with the wall. The risotto that we ordered was the size one would expect of a side dish (which is what risotto should be, but this was proposed as an entree...). It had about 5 little pieces of maitake mushroom and 6 hazelnuts in it and was otherwise flavorless. We added lots of salt and pepper. Total waste of $25 bucks. Also, their bar seating sucks. The chairs are stationary and far away from each other, and a bit far from the bar for a shorty like me; my feet don't reach the foot bar on the chair either, so my legs fall asleep trying to sit there.
3	Glad to see that the Big Burrito restaurants are alive and well in Pittsburgh, and dinner tonight was my first time in awhile at one of their establishments.Bit of a complex review.  My biggest gripe with Casbah is that it's Casbah Mediterranean when the menu (at least on this night, but I don't think it changes all that much) offers very authentic Mediterranean dishes.  One lamb dish (not overly Mediterranean) and no couscous or tagine, which are major staples of Mediterranean cuisine.  Even a side of hummus and pita or veggies would be nice.  Nonetheless, the menu has lots of fine options, just none that I've seen in a typical Mediterranean joint.  I think it's a little misleading especially if you're seeking Mediterranean cuisine.We sampled several of the cocktails, all of which were creative and well priced.  As for food, we split the bruschetta (prosciutto and blue cheese), meatballs (pork) and the brussel sprouts were quite tasty, beet salad, and the potato gnocchi. So lots of food!  All was freshly prepared with quality ingredients and served with sophisticated presentation.Lots of fine restaurants opening in the area, but it's clear to see that they have a loyal following.
4	When scoping around online for a good NYE dinner destination for my husband and me, Casbah's prix fixe menu really jumped off the page! Since the Big Burrito group is so popular, I was happy to get reservations, especially since a lot of times were already booked.The hubby and I arrived a few minutes early for dinner. I had planned additional time to park and was delightfully reminded that Big Burrito restaurants have free valet parking -- so great, especially with slushy snow on the ground! Even though we were a few minutes early, the hostess took our coats and seated us immediately.  Service was extremely attentive from start to finish. Waters were re-filled quickly. Bread was brought to the table almost immediately and we were offered another basket as soon as we finished the first. The bread came with a delicious spread - was it goat cheese? - that I just couldn't stop eating. Silverware whisked away with each course was promptly replaced.We ordered both the land and sea courses to share so we could try the entire NYE prix fixe menu. None of the eight dishes disappointed! The first courses were Sea Scallops & Octopus and Duck Confit. The sea scallop was perfectly cooked, the octopus - thought not my cup of tea! - was also well cooked, and the balsamic flavor in the dish was very tasty. I absolutely loved the duck confit dish. It was served with mustard greens and fruit with a to-die-for dressing - a delicious combination!The second courses were Potato Gnocchi and Mushroom Tortelloni. The gnocchi was served with lobster, which was a unique but nice paring. Though a strongly flavored dish, the tortelloni was delicious, and I enjoyed another unique paring, tortelloni with chunks of beef short rib.Lake Ontario Walleye and Roasted Veal Strip Loin were the third courses. Both were cooked to perfection. The walleye's skin was perfectly crispy, and the veal strip loin was cooked medium well but was still deliciously juicy and tender. However, a component of each dish was disappointing -- a mustard flavor in the walleye and pickled mustard seeds covering the veal. I really can't hold this against Casbah though. I'm just not a fan of mustard!Finally, the desserts was fantastic! The Chocolate Ganache Tart was the ending of the sea courses. The chocolate was strong, even a little bitter, and was served with a little champagne strawberry compote. I grew more accustomed to the bitterness with each bite, and it was the perfect ending to three courses filled with fish. A Caramel Macaroon completed the land courses. The macaroon was delicious and served with a little apple sorbet and caramel sauce.Our experience at Casbah was spectacular! Based on this experience, I debated giving the restaurant five stars... but decided to wait until I returned a second time. And I can't wait to return!
5	Brunch = best in the burgh.  Hands down.  Best. eggs. ever. I am not even sure how the eggs can be that good.  I know what you are saying, "They are eggs, Jessica.  Get a grip."  No.  I will not.  I cannot.  I want to stand on top of rooftops and shout my love for these eggs all over town.  J, H and I went there a few Sundays ago.  We all got the same thing. When was the last time you went to a meal and all three people ordered the same thing.  It was that good.  The scallop breakfast is out of this world.  2 perfectly cooked scallops, scrambled eggs (the eggs!!!), the creamiest, tastiest grits in the world, buttery croissant and sausage, apples and butternut squash.  Don't think those things go together?  They do and are awesome!  J and I also both got orders of bacon cause no brunch is complete without bacon.  Our service was also great.  Nice hostess, awesome waiter.  All was perfect.  Really freaking good brunch.  Really.  Cannot say enough about those freaking eggs.  Oh, but don't order an additional mimosa from the deal - they are $8 a piece which is a bit steep.
4	My first dining experience at Casbah was a nice one.  We ordered the cheese plate to start and I and I had chicken for my entree.  The wine list was not huge, but the selection was nice.  The service was very good.  I plan on returning there in the future for a meal.
4	It's a little pricier than most places in the area but the quality and ambiance is well worth it.    The food was really good and the drinks were relatively reasonably priced for the surroundings,  great place to take a date...or spouse.
4	Wonderful brunch and good dinner. The service obviously prides itself on being super proper (choreographed plate delivery, polite to the point of almost sappy attitude on the part of the waiters) and it can be a little bit annoying even. However, this is the probably the classiest of the Big Burrito restaurants, so if you're looking for that, this place is great. Extensive, yet expensive, wine menu. Small-ish portions and a very pleasant covered heated patio.
4	Went here for bruch and had their take on the classic eggs benedict.  I'm a huge eggs benedict fan and this was very good.  I opted for the prociuto as the meat option and I'm glad I did.  It gave the eggs enough flavor without having to add extra salt.  The potatoes were perfectly cooked and the fruit was tasty as well.  Had the bellini and didn't realize how I much I would enjoy it so I had two!
4	- Great food. I had the Gerber's Amish Farm Chicken Breast and it was cooked perfectly and delicious =]- Nice wine selection. Though I'm a beer guy.- Friendly staff.- Okay atmosphere.This place is definitely worth trying. Will be back for seconds!
4	Hey do I really need to review this place? Look at the previous reviews but I will let you know that they have a great lunch deal, the piccolo gusto menu. I highly recommend it because it is a heck of a deal and you can have tastes of a few different items so it pairs well with my self diagnosis of A.D.D. no offense to anyone who has A.D.D but it definitely kept my attention throughout my lunch experience. First off the service was excellent very attentive server who was really a foodie, which I really appreciated. She knew a heck of a lot about the seemingly simple dishes I had ordered. The Piccolo Forno allows for a choice of Salad or soup, a pasta or risotto, half sandwich. I went with a taste of the Pea Tendrils and Frisee Salad, while slightly complex to eat, it had a savory flavor from the light dressing and blue cheese crumbles, then I went with cauliflower risotto which was riculous. That is how you make risotto people. For the half samich I went with the half turkey. The turkey wasn't just a normal turkey slice from the deli counter this was actually very nicely trimmed meat off of a bird that was prepared in house and it was immediately noticeable. All this for $15 dollars, I'll take it....And I'll do it again many times over again. Come here for lunch sometime and check it for yourself.
5	Great menu - lots of choices. There were six of us and we shared 3 appetizers - the grilled chickpea hummus, the grilled octopus, and the mixed olives. The babagonoush hummus was delicious I had a winter fizz drink which was prosecco  with cranberry and mint nice flavor and perfect before dinner drink I had the cioppiano which was one of the best meals I have had in a long time. The sour dough bread was soooooo good. Most everyone else ordered pasta dishes and thought them very good. We opted not to have dessert there but they did bring salted Carmels to the table with the check so if they were any prediction of the desserts they are EXCELLENT. Great place to dine - I will return. And the complimentary valet parking was nice as well - didn't have to search for a place to park and the valet were super nice. I should mention our waitress was also super nice and very accomodating to our larger party.
5	The food here is amazing. I have to admit the price is a bit high, but it's just worth it. Beware though during dinner times, everyone there dresses up pretty formally. I am not talking about suits and ties, but you know what I mean so make sure you dress up appropriately!
5	My husband and I went to Casbah on our first date night after having our son. Our plan was to take our time and indulge in everything. After we looked through both the wine selection (outstanding) and the menu (delicious), we decided to do things a little differently. Instead of ordering just two entrees, we wanted to sample as many libations and treats as possible.First, we ordered the white wine flight, and split a few seafood appetizers; then, we ordered the red wine flight, and split a few meaty appetizers; and, finally, we each ordered a glass of our favorite red and split a chocolate ravioli with raspberry sauce dessert. Our bill was quite pricey, but I feel totally worth it. Every single thing we drank and ate was delicate, perfect, satisfying, and well balanced. I would go back and spend the money any time!
5	Brought my wife here for her birthday and we were lucky enough to arrive on the last of three nights of the truffle dinner. I saw it online before I arrived and dismissed it, but our server (Amanda) sold us on it when we got there. In fact, her thorough and enthusiastic descriptions of each course (including each cocktail and cheese) were a highlight of the meal. Sometimes over the top ("people say it's the best meal they have had in their life" and "the chef took this week off so he could enjoy the meal as a customer--and it brought a tear to his eye") but we genuinely loved it. First, she made excellent suggestions on the cocktail (mimosa) and she helped us decide on the rest of the meal. Her recommendation to split the truffle dinner and add an appetizer was perfect. We left completely satisfied. The cheese was very good and the accoutrements well-paired. When I saw it on the plate, I didn't think it was very much but it ended up being the perfect amount. I also appreciated that they kept the bread coming, especially for the next course: a homemade pasta with pancetta, arugula and
2	Good food, great service, but high prices.My date and I shared 2 appetizers, a salad and each had an entree with the recommended wine pairings. Bill was $115 without tax--pricey by my standards for this experience. The new tuna tartare appetizer was the highlight of our night. The bruschetta with fig and grape butter, prosciutto and blue cheese was good, so was the beet salad.We were disappointed with our entrees. My roasted duck breast with spinach and gnocchi was not hot. My date had the salmon with potato fennel puree, which she said tasted fishy.Make sure you aren't seated inside the tent where patrons are eating on a slope on outdoor metal tables--this is not my idea of a good dinner at this price range.Although I would come here again, there are certainly much better restaurants in the city. I would rank Casbah below Eleven within the Big Burrito group of restaurants.
1	Not a good vegan experience.  We were meeting friends at Casbah for dinner -their choice.  Since I follow a version of vegan, I called ahead and was assured that they had vegan versions of a couple of pasta dishes.  Server was very cooperative and said she would instruct the kitchen to omit the meat and  increase the veggies on their cavatelli.   Well, they omitted the meat, but I was left with one of the smallest servings of pasta that I have ever seen.  At about $20, it was close to the price of caviar!
4	This is definitely one of the most interesting places I've been to, in a good way. Casbah is a great local place that serves smaller (but admittedly pricey) portions, and they change their menu up frequently to match the ingredients available to them each season.The set-up is...different? I couldn't quite figure out what was going on with it; you basically walk into a door and enter what looks like what was once a courtyard, which was covered with a canvas - maybe they take this down during the summer? Possibly? I'm not sure; anyway, if you walk to the back of the courtyard you'll get into the actual bar.The menu here, at least during my visit, was delicious - fantastic fresh sangria, a very interesting but tasty bruschetta (that, rather than going with the traditional tomatoes and basil, was covered in a kind of cream cheese, greens and nuts), and a reasonably portioned bowl of pasta with sausage and spinach. Not complaints, other than the fact that the pasta was a bit spicy and I wasn't warned about this. It wasn't too strong, though.Our waitress was doing the best that she could (I think) but was a little slow. Still, the place was fairly busy and I had good company to talk to during my meal, so no hard feelings on that one.I say give this place a try if you have the money to spare - and even then, get a coupon or a Groupon; I went with someone who was using a birthday gift card, and it helped the pricing tremendously.
4	Love this place. I've never had anything that wasn't tasty here. They do fish and meat very well. It's not obscure molecular gastronomy style, but dishes we have had here were all well prepared and savory. We have been to several business dinners in their space downstairs, and it really is my favorite place for these - even more than the pricier steakhouses 'dahntahn.'Wait staff were very attentive, and really made our experiences here great. Food was served efficiently for large groups, and arrived at the correct temperature. They have a great wine list, and overall offer a comfortable space with delicious food and drinks. Try the lamb loin, chicken, and cioppino - my three current favorites. Their pork chops are the specialty of the house, I'm told.Will definitely be back.
5	Oh I love this place.  It has a great menu and wine list.  It has all the great dishes with a touch of flare.  I took this meal to seafood town from start to finish and have no regrets.  The staff was really friendly - realized I was there for a special occasion and brought out a desert that said congratulations - the little things.We dined outside and I felt tucked away in a Europe-esque atmosphere for a few hours.It is worth reserving a spot on the patio to get the full experience.
5	Sunday brunched here. Food and service were excellent.
4	Ah Casbah...  the epic tale of bi-polar experiences.As with all the other Big Burrito restaurants, I'm definitely a fan of the upscale and unique spin on an ethnic cuisine (in this case Mediterranean).The fiancee and I's first venture here left us with some of the best scallops we've had in Pittsburgh and a Jamison Farm's lamb shank that was to die for.  I wish I could remember the waiter's name, but all I can say is, he definitely deserved the 40% tip we laid down.Take two, brunch.  We sat this time out in the covered and heated patio up front.  While the food was great (I got my obligatory fat kid french toast variation), a rushed server caught her arm on the back of my chair towards the end of our meal and dumped an entire pitcher of ice water on my shoulder and lap.While I'm completely sympathetic when it comes to legitimate mistakes (and the server was obviously extremely embarrassed about the situation), I was surprised when no follow-up occurred.  The server apologized and ran immediately to the back of the house, leaving two of the surrounding tables to come to my rescue with their napkins.  The server brought us our check, but despite the public scene it caused, not a single manager stopped by to verify that everything was alright.After writing to Casbah, the manager did respond quickly and offer to rectify the situation, so I'll give them a pass assuming it was just bad timing and an issue where the server was too embarrassed to do anything.
4	A delicious menu with a twist. Unique wine list too!
2	Though Casbah has been around for ages this was our first time dining there. In short, the restaurant itself was nice and the food interesting though a little on the pricey side. Service started out great but for some reason our entrees took forever and our waiter more or less abandoned us. If I'm spending a $150 on dinner for 2 I expect some sort of explanation on why we are having to wait 45 minutes plus between our appetizer and the entrees. At a minimum, I don't want to have to flag down the server to order another drink and for god's sake don't make me ask for a refill of my water.  If I was only basing my decision on food I'd probably go back but all things considered there are too many other restaurants in Pittsburgh where I can get amazing food AND an amazing dining experience.
4	I've been to this restaurant with my husband twice, once for dinner before I moved to Pittsburgh, and once for brunch a few months ago, and both were great meals. When I went for dinner they accidentally threw away my doggy-bag instead of giving it to me, but they offered to make me a new order, so it worked out fine. When we went for brunch it was quite crowded and we had to wait a while before getting seats at the bar. The food is really fantastic though and there are good vegetarian options. It's pricey, but worth it if you're celebrating a special occasion. Seems like it would be perfect if you're looking for a romantic place to impress a date.
5	Very enjoyable menu n staff.
5	Love Casbah.  Been going there for years and have never had a less than great meal and service.  OF course their signature lamb is to die for (with the Stag's Leap Petite Syrah).  What can I say -- the cheese plate is great.  Everything is well-prepared and the service is among the best in the -burgh.
5	Very good food and another great place for happy hour. Highly recommended. You won't be disappointed.
4	This is a well run restaurant with great food, great consistency and excellent service.  We were sitting on the patio and the angle of the sun changed to shine right in our eyes, but the waiter was able to quickly move us to a better table.  I highly recommend the cheese plate, it is probably the best in Pittsburgh.  The Arugula Salad is delicious.  So is the Alaskan Halibut.  You really can't go wrong with Casbah.
4	While in Pittsburgh for 24 hours, we went to Casbah for after dinner drinks.This place has wonderfull covered outdoor seating, a great bar featuring unique small batch liquors and an overall cool vibe.I had the Watermelon Gin Fizz. It was FANTASTIC! great gin, wonderful watermelon juice and ice cubes made of the aforementioned watermelon juice.W also had a couple order of their olives which were great too.Would definitley go back for a meal.
5	My bf took me here on my birthday and it was so good he totally sealed "the deal."  This was on of the best dining experiences I've had in Pittsburgh...made even sweeter by the fact I left full, and without feeling the boyfriends wallet was just raped.  I had the Orichiette pasta and it was love in a bowl.  Savory and sweet and perfectly balanced.  Boyfriend had short rib ravioli and it was so good that when I asked him if I could have a taste he told me that he loved me, and he knew it was my birthday, and he let me have a bite, but he didn't want to share.  I didn't make him, I just know it was excellent.I have officially done dat all of the big burrito restaurants & I honestly feel like has bought is the most effortlessly sophisticated of all of them.  This is amazing food in a restaurant that is sophisticated without even trying.I really feel like has bought is highly underrated and you'd best get your arse over here to dying. They have a brunch which I hear is amazing and I can't wait to try it out.
4	I am so happy they got rid of those awful bar stools!!!   We often choose not to walk in to Casbah without a reservation because the bar area was historically uncomfortable.  They have traded out the old stools that were screwed in to the floor, too far from your companions, and didn't comfortably turn to face people (who thought that was a good idea?) in for some admittedly less attractive but functional chairs,  I'm a big fan of the lunch and dinner there--we'll add that more often to our walk-in list now,
5	Casbah is fast becoming my favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh. I have been there twice now and both times the service and food was impeccable. The calamari and the proscuitto appetizer are a great start to the meal and not too heavy or filling and I could eat a whole basket of the warm bread. I'd love to know where they get it from as I can't imagine they bake it there, but maybe they do! The pork chop is their signature dish and does not disappoint. My husband had the duck the last time we were there and it was juicy on the inside and had a great crispy skin. I had the red pepper casereccia and was thrilled with the amount of seafood in the dish. There were 4 HUGE, delicious scallops and a ton of lump crab. Very impressive. I was there with a group of 6 this time and everyone had clean plates at the end of the meal. I like the fact that it seems like the menu changes with the seasons. The proteins may stay static, but since they use a lot of local ingredients, the accompaniments/side dishes might be different every time you come. Honestly, this is one of the best restaurants in Pittsburgh. I plan on trying it for brunch or lunch sometime soon.
4	I have been here several years in a row, but not recently. I hope to visit it within a few weeks. The food was fresh, unique and delicious every time I went. Great atmosphere--outdoor dining or indoors (more fancy if I remember correctly). Absolutely wonderful service. I will write an updated review with more details once I visit it again.
5	Awesome brunch!
4	Lovely, relaxing atmosphere. The cauliflower soup with tarragon emulsion was fabulous, as was the tomato basil soup. The waiter was attentive and happily allowed for a substitution on my salad so I could try one of the raw milk cheeses from their cheese sampler. The grilled chicken breast on my salad was a bit more dry and hard than I like, but I am not a big fan of barbecuing chicken and it certainly seemed to have been charred that way. If the chicken had been moist, this place would get all five stars from me!
4	So I'm a lowkey snob when it comes to going to nice restaurants and though a lot of places charge an arm and a leg, are overrated, and are just not up to par with what I'm used to coming from Sf and La. With that said, casbah was a nice little taste of home for me.  It had really fresh ingredients and a nice selection of wines to go with. We started with a cheese trio with was paired well with different preserves and chutneys.  We then had roasted octopus and the scallops.   The scallops for me were very interesting and a little too sweet for my taste with the pear and lacked texural components.  However the octopus has a real nice char, and was full of great well rounded flavors.  For our entrees, my bf got the duck which was underseasoned, and the fat was jot rendered out correctly.  The skin was also burnt.  The sides and vegetbales of the dish were seasoned and cooked beautifully though.  I had the lamb loin and it was perfectlh medium rare with delicious bitter greens.  I honestly loved every part of my entree and the red wines we selected went well with the meal. All in all it was a delicious meal and a really nice environment.  And worth the money.
5	I enjoy coming to Casbah because it reminds me of the fresh, local elements I so enjoy about the Napa and Sonoma Valleys. Casbah gets a lot of produce and meats from local farms, and I love that!I also love the cheese selections here. I usually ask my waiter to surprise me with any combination, and it's always fantastic. I am a sucker for the duck here. It's duck two ways-roasted breast and braised legs. Absolutely delicious. The gnocchi on the side is fantastic. I also like the double cut pork chop with the braised kale, as well as the roasted chicken because the polenta on the side is so yummy.The wine list is pretty good, and the waiters are generally knowledgable about pairings, which is nice, because sometimes you just want to sit back, relax, and let someone else do the work.You can't go wrong with any of the pastas. It's sometimes fun to split a pasta as a starter. It's a nice way to try a variety of dishes. The orrechiette is a great choice because it combines the tartness of cranberries with the savory creaminess of goat cheese. Yum!If you're not absolutely stuffed at this point, try the dark chocolate raspberry bread pudding for dessert. You won't be disappointed!
5	A taste of CA in PA.  We walked in and I would swear I was in Santa Monica or Hermosa  beach.  Great atmosphere- creative menu and delicious food.  The steak was to die for and the pumpkin cheesecake finished it off.  They also have a nice wine list.  The French Chardonnay was quite good!Thanks for making me feel at home.
5	My absolutely favorite dish is the potato gnocchi. Just amazing! Service is fantastic, nice decor. I wish they wouldn't use such huge paper towels in the bathroom, but other than that I really like this place.
5	Great atmosphere and food experience.  What else can you ask for?  Went here 2 weeks ago for the first time and totally enjoyed it.  Pretty good wine list too!
5	The rave reviews I'd heard for Casbah were so over the top, I thought it would be impossible to live up to.   Casbah has exceeded it's sky high expectations and made me a believer!  We got the brunch and while the $24 pre-fix menu isn't cheap, it actually felt like a steal because the ambiance, decor, friendly attentive staff, and generous portions of delicious, inventive food were all so fantastic!  The brunch pre-fix included your choice of breakfast cocktails, appetizer, entree, and amazing still steaming home made muffins and mint chocolate scones.  I'm anything but a light eater, and there was so much that I still had to take half my meal home!We all got different things and there wasn't a single bite of anything that we didn't love.  I particularly recommend the Arugula salad, salmon and dill appetizer, and the scallop and grits entree, though you really can't go wrong.  The decor and music was just as unique, artistic, and beautiful as the rest of the Big Burrito hot spots.  We ate in the basement, with a beautiful fully stocked glass wine cellar, under lit stone tile walls and wooden ceiling trim.  Casbah isn't cheap, but I'd still consider it once of the best values in the city  because you get so much for your money.  I'd trust Casbah to celebrate any special event with a flawless dining experience.
2	Tonight's review: it started with a table for two stuffed between two other tables. Yes there were five other more comfortable two tops available. We asked and after some sighs were granted our seemingly offensive request. Punishment was fast...we sipped our water, were provided a refill but no offer to acquire other beverages. With plenty of time to review the night's menu, we made our selection. My request was well done Salmon (heart issues require well done) the chef's feelings were clear; as I sawed through the salmon I thought it could possibly be a message. I again had offended by my request. I like Casbah and the other BB restaurants but tonight I should have selected a friendlier more customer focused establishment. YES I will return and still recommend Casbah. Oh we did finally get to place a cocktail order.  M
4	Visited for brunch again on a rainy winter Sunday.  I reaffirm my previous comments.Good service.  Generally great food (the breakfast pastries, my breakfast polenta and the wife's scallops were fantastic), however inconsistencies still prevent the 5-star praise.While the coffee is great, the crud in the creamer and a dirty spoon to start the meal off were not.  In addition, I may have had one of the most bi-polar plates of my life...  braised lamb on grilled sourdough.  The lamb itself was kiss-yo-mama good...  seriously, this meat is a fork cutting affair.  However, the bread itself seemed stale and completely took away from the star in the spot light.As with Eleven, you can't go wrong with the brunch pre-fix, so be prepared to need a wheel barrel to get yourself out the door!
1	Overpriced, salty and overrated!!! Why this place is so popular I will never understand.
5	Dinner Saturday night was excellent. The server was on his game and the chef out did him/her-self.Drinks were perfect, food perfect for all four of us and again service was excellent.
5	I recently realized that I had only given Casbah four stars after my first visit here for New Year's Eve 2012... What a terrible judgment call that was on my part. So I'm back to proclaim that over a year later - having dined here again in 2013 - with a year of dining experiences across the country -  I still regularly dream of this restaurant. Do I dare say it's my favorite restaurant? I'm not sure, but if it's not my favorite, it's certainly close.We returned after NYE last year to celebrate my birthday in March, making sure to bring along the oh-so-coveted Big Burrito birthday coupon. I ordered the Orecchiette with Chicken, Cranberries, Goat Cheese & Sage Cream. Oh. My. Goodness. Don't order this if you're on a diet... but order this if you love delicious food and living life to the fullest. It was ridiculously creamy, and the cranberries packed the perfect fruity balance to the rich dish. My husband ordered the Double-Cut Pork Chop with Kale & Butternut Squash Risotto. While recently dining at a highly rated restaurant in NYC, he said, "My double-cut pork chop at Casbah was better than this double-cut pork chop." That's when I knew that I needed to update my review of Casbah.Finally, my delicious birthday dinner ended with the Dark Chocolate-Raspberry Bread Pudding. I love ordering bread pudding at restaurants, and I think this is the best of them all. I would confidently enter this dessert in a bread pudding competition, knowing that I would be walking away with the blue ribbon.
3	I don't understand the high rankings of this place and why it consistently gets into Pittsburgh's top 3. The food is rather mediocre for the price. I went there twice, both times paying close to $300 for dinner for 3, but the food really didn't stand up to expectations. Sea scallops that I have ordered last time were burned outside and rubbery and chewy inside. Risotto from my previous try was falling apart. But the most annoying thing is that there is way, way too much food on the plate for fine dining place. The appetizer cheese platter that we ordered last time had enough cheese to last for a week! I don't go to places like that to stuff myself... So no, I do not like it overall. Maybe it is one of those "good enough for Pittsburgh" kind of restaurants, but then maybe they should think about charging a bit less. Unless they charge for quantity, not quality...Service is okay.
5	My favorite local place in Shadyside.  My husband and I go for Friday HH (5-7 pm) every time we can.  Juan is great behind the bar, but Fiona and Joe (I think Joe, maybe his name is John?) are awesome as well.  The HH drinks change seasonally but you can always get your choice liquor mixed drinks also.  For $6/drink you can't beat it!We typically always get the hummus trio as an appetizer with extra pita bread, or the calamari.  All of the entrees we have had (pork belly, risotto, pork chop) have been perfectly prepared, zero complaints.  It's on a pricey side, so not a weekly dinner option for us (unlike the HH!)I would say the complimentary valet is a perk, but we live within walking distance so haven't used it.  TIP:  Go to HH on Fridays, ask for Juan, get a Manhattan.  Your QOL will improve greatly!
5	This was an amazing brunch place! A family friend asked me grab brunch here because her son used to work here as a chef/cook. The food was divine! The brunch comes with a cocktail, an appetizer  and then your meal. The coffee was really good and the mimosas were strong. We sat outside on the patio and it was just beautiful. A perfect retreat from the snowy outside that morning. Definitely go!
5	This is such a fabulous place.  Regardless of the occasion the food and the service are impeccable.  In Pittsburgh trying to find a restaurant that will fit everyone in your parties needs is difficult - Casbah is the spot.  My family had a birthday party for me here on Sunday.  Casbah was accommodating with a cake, with a loud bunch that constantly changed their order, and were extremely patient.  The food was outstanding, as per usual! I ordered the Elysian lamb which was delicious! Cannot wait to return!
5	Thursday night January 30. Excellent service and excellent meal. Very crowded when we went. Glad we had reservations on open table. My wife had scallops, I had the signature pork chop. Both were perfect. We loved the octopus appetizer.
3	To be honest, I feel that this is one of the most overpriced restaurants in the entire city. The food is average to good, the place is beautiful with outdoor seating, but in my opinion the price is just not worth it. They have a really good happy hour, so I would definitely recommend going to that and maybe trying an appetizer or two.
4	The last time I was at Casbah was on a balmy spring evening in my sophomore year of college. I'd arranged a dinner with my mother in a fancy effort to spring the news on her that I wanted to move out of my college dorm the following year and into a co-ed fraternity house.  I remember being underwhelmed by the food, but that could've been the chilly reception with which I was met during this particular dinner and the conversation that entailed. Fast forward fifteen years later (what?!) and I was back at Casbah with Jonathan D. and my future in-laws.  We enjoyed the prix-fixe brunch, and enjoy it we did!  The meal started with a small basket of mini goodies including double chocolate muffins, cranberry almond scones and buttermilk biscuits.  The meal included choice of breakfast cocktail, appetizer and entree. For my selections I chose a bloody mary, Smoked Salmon and Sea Scallop Fry.  Dare I say this meal (with one small exception) rates in my top five of all time?  I dare.  The appetizer was very filling in itself and absolutely sublime for smoked salmon.  The salmon was accompanied by a done-just-right potato pancake that I could eat ten times over.  My main entree consisted of two plump and juicy sea scallops on a bed of sweet potatoes, carmelized onions and sausage (I substituted chicken sausage for the included fennel sausage).  In addition, the entree included a portion of melt-in-your-mouth white corn grits and scrambled eggs that seemed out of place and that I completely could've done without.  A croissant was also included but I asked for fruit instead and was rewarded with a small side of grapes, canteloupe and strawberries.  My fellow brunchers feasted on a variety of Creamy Polenta (looked amazing), a cheese tasting, Lamb and Eggs, and Casbah Benedict. Everyone left smiling and satisfied.  So, if you haven't given Casbah a try in the last decade, it might be time to visit again.  I'm so very glad I did!P.S. Bring your coat into the restroom. It was about 10 below in there. Brrr!
4	I've eaten at Casbah four times since my first review - from cocktails and an appetizer to lunch, everything has exceeded my expectations and the service has been great every time: polite, helpful recommendations, and my glass is never empty. I continue to think that the Piccola Gusta lunch menu is a real value and has some really delicious options, but I would have dinner just to try those little candies they offer at the end of meal at dinnertime again - they are a cross between maple sugar and caramel, so good they're worth a star all by themselves.
5	We dined here for my wife's birthday last year. We started out at the bar ordering cocktails. I had a tasty cocktail with bourbon. We finished our drinks and made out way over to our table. We started out with a cheese tasting, which was very good. For entrees she ordered the Halibut and I had the Red Pepper Casereccia. This was seared sea scollops with a red pepper pasta. This entree made my list of favorite dish ever eaten. It was so delicious. I cannot wait to have it again!
5	We love this Big Burrito establishment as it matures and becomes a perennial choice to enjoy, no matter the season. It starts with a well-stocked bar area, nicely lit and very comfortable. The indoor dining area is complimented by the (now-covered) outdoor seating area. Service was mostly attentive, and very friendly throughout the evening. The wine list is varied and reasonably prices, with especially fine after dinner selections. We started with two appetizers this time out, the Tuna Tartare and the Sheep's Milk Gnudi. The tuna was very clean, served with nicely grilled sourdough. The Gnudi had a great truffle butter and tarragon flavored sauce. I also had my all-time favorite salad, the Arugula. This masterpiece features homemade pancetta, crimini mushrooms, and goat cheese. We split the Ricotta Cavatelli Pasta, prepared thoughtfully with fennel sausage and spinach. Dessert was a nice assortment of house prepared sorbets (mixed berry/pineapple/grapefruit). Valet parking is complimentary; please tip your driver!
4	Just got back (after looking for a taxi in this 3rd world city - but that's for another review) We liked the atmo.  Liked eating "under the outdoor extension" under the well working heaters- it is fun and really makes it feel like a more unique dining experience.  OK now on to the food. We started with a Spanish grilled octopus - it was delicious - charred grilled taste, delightful blood orange accompaniment - perfect.  Then had we not had the Habitat beet salad yesterday (it was amazing - check my review) - this would be the best, B U T it was still very good and had Maytag blue cheese, pistachios and nice beets - OK not amazing, but nice beets. Then we had another unfortunate comparison to Habitat.  When we had the pork chop - generous portion but a bit fatty. (Again Habitat's was so much better)  We also had the new pasta dish on the menu which was ok - big scallops (4) but a less than impressive sauce.  Glad we went here - it was different, but not really special and the nightmare of getting a taxi back was just -- well a nightmare (what is wrong with Pittsburgh taxi service -- everything)  City fathers (and Mothers) -- fix this!!!!!
5	One year since my first venture to Casbah, I had the chance to return for a second time. And I have to say that I am officially a die-hard Casbah fan.Yes, our dinner group quickly racked up a big bill - but it was for a birthday party, and Casbah had kindly sent along a $30 off dinner coupon beforehand. Even better, they went ahead and applied the discount even though we managed to forget to bring the actual card they had sent ahead to us. We had been completely prepared when asking about this to potentially not be able to use that $30 off at our visit, so their understanding alone would have gone a long way in making the meal a good one.The amazing food just sealed the deal. Between a table of four we all had the chance to order and then a variety of Casbah's current menu - including their scallops, arugula salad, duck, pork and veal meatballs, and a ricotta very similar to what I had ordered the last time I visited. Everything was stupendously delicious - I honestly have no other words for how good this food was - and we all left full and satisfied with no complaints.Casbah has definitely become a restaurant that I can come to for special events. Their food and service impressed me again tonight even more than they did last time; add in the fact that they use local ingredients whenever possible and always have something new to try with the changing seasons, and I'm completely sold. Here's to the next special occasion and dinner out at Casbah!
4	Food is simple and delicious, although the service was awful when I went.  Highly recommend the veal and pork meatball appetizer, such a great combination of flavors and textures.
4	Big Burrito does it again! Casbah is located on a wonderful, neighborhood street in the Shadyside area of Pittsburgh. We got there a little early and waited a little in the lot. Our reservation was for 11 and they open at 11. We were still told the valet had to move our car. I get they have a way they do things and it must work for them but the lot has about 40 spaces that you can see from the street so I don't know why valet is necessary. We are particular about our vehicles and we don't valet anywhere. Not that the valets weren't nice and it's not like we could not see them move the car but anyway...the main reason they get a 4 and not a 5 star. Onto the meal...We waited just a few minutes in line to be seated. As I said our reservation was at 11 & that is when they open. We were seated promptly requesting the inside area of their dining room. They do have a very nice, shaded patio area as well complete with ceiling fans. We requested to sit inside and the hostess happily obliged. We were greeted quickly by a happy and knowledgeable waitress who was on it. She was not at all intrusive but our water was never empty and we didn't have to wait long for our check when we were done. She asked if we wanted any other beverage. I got an iced tea and the hubby requested iced coffee. The waitress noted they could make one for him by adding ice to coffee and he said yes. He was very happy they would accommodate his request. We ordered our food and were promptly brought a basket of bread (oh the wonderful bread basket!). We got 3 types of amazing breadly goodness that included cranberry scones (wow), biscuits (warm, soft, & the Hubby's favorite), and (my favorite) the lime, coconut muffin (sweet, lime, coconut, what's not to love). Oh, and let us not forget the maple butter, yum! I ordered the smoked salmon app. The combo of salmon, capers, aioli, and truffled potato cake - absolute perfection! There was a salty, smokey, sweet flavor that was sheer joy on my taste buds. The hubby chose the creamy polenta which he thoroughly enjoyed noting it was very oatmeal like. For my entree it was the sea scallop fry minus the caramelized onions. I would SOOOO get this again! The scallops were cooked to perfection with a wonderful golden outside that makes my heart sing with joy (can you tell I love a good sea scallop?). The combo of English peas, fennel sausage, and white corn grits...it was something special for sure! I could eat that sausage by the boat load every single day! And the grits - smooth, creamy, and perfectly seasoned. Not that it needed it but the dish comes with scrambled eggs and a beautifully, buttery croissant. My brunch was so satisfying, Heaven! The hubby chose the eggs Benedict with prosciutto. He liked it but noted he should have gotten the spinach not the prosciutto. He said the prosciutto seemed vinagary. The dish includes paprika roasted fingerling potatoes which were mild and perfectly cooked. And for dessert we chose the chocolate stout cake on a wine caramel drizzle served with a little dish of creme brulee ice cream. Holy cow! What a terrific chocolate cake & the ice cream rocked too. Overall, I would recommend Casbah to everyone noting their brunch was fabulous! The valet (even though the need for valet is questionable) and wait staff were super nice, attentive, & knowledgeable. The apps, brunch, & dessert were yummy and delightful. We will visit again!
4	Had dinner tonight at the bar.  My sister and I wore sweatpants and flip flops... Nobody treated us differently .. The brought out bread with butter and a second butter made from goat milk.. I liked it .. My sister said it reminded her of cream cheese.. We shared the calamari ... It was good... I had the halibut... It was good accompanied with a salad.. My sister had the duck.. I didn't like the duck that much but I am not a big fan of duck to begin with .. We each had wine ... I had the falanghina .. It was perfect.. We shared a bread pudding for dessert.. It was the first time I ever had bread pudding... It like it .. It is a nice quiet restaurant with ample seating both inside and outside...
5	I recommend the short rib ravioli! Totally the best thing I've had in a long time.
5	Excellent prix fixe brunch with impressive service. One of the best brunch deals in Pittsburgh: two courses and a drink for under $30, and their selection has something for everyone.  I love their patio ambiance as well as their basement set-up. Great place to take visitors or for special occasions.I'm a huge seafood person so the first time I ordered a Bloody Mary with the smoked salmon to start and sea scallop fry as my main.  I'm a fan of their Bloody, it's spicy and flavorful. The smoked salmon was filling enough that it's easy to split and the truffled potato cake served with it melts in your mouth. The sea scallop fry is everything you would expect, almost too much food, but no complaints.My second trip to Casbah brunch, I went with my old favorite of the smoked salmon but split it with my friend who ordered the cheese plate. Also, I ordered the Braised Lamb & Eggs as my main based on friends' recommendations. It's honestly to die for. Rich and flavorful in the best way, attributed to the tarragon sauce and the slow roasted lamb, and easily their specialty. If you want to order something you can't get anywhere else, order this. It's very filling and rich, especially if you get a filling first course. Have only been here for brunch, and looking forward to trying their lunch/dinner!
5	I have a soft spot for this place -- probably because it is one of the first restaurants my fiance ever took me to, and he made a special night out of it. We've been back many times, for many occasions, and Casbah has never disappointed. Great wine, cocktails, food, service, and atmosphere. It can be a little more cramped on the inside, but it's never too loud. If you can sit outside, it feels nice and spacious. It's also very nice downstairs.The valet parking is a huge plus in my book, especially in that area of Shadyside. The service is always prompt and never overbearing. The last time we went, we had the sheep's milk gnudi and I'm pretty sure it was sent straight from heaven down on to our plate. I nearly fought my fiance for the last piece. He loves me so he let me have it. The swordfish was wonderful. The lamb is always great. The short rib ravioli melts in your mouth. I'd highly recommend any of those.The dark chocolate raspberry bread pudding is worth unbuttoning your pants for...and if you like dessert wines, you'll be in heaven for sure!
5	Started with the Cheese Plate then the Octopus then the Duck, finishing with the Chocolate S'More Cake. Great experience especially the service. Robert was spot on! I'll be dreaming about this in the future.
5	One of the best restaurants in Pittsburgh! Very great food and even greater service. Ask for Robert, he is great! Ashley the bartender is also very nice! The food was amazing. I had the Duck it melted in my mouth. The short rib raviolis are also amazing. The muscle appetizer is a nice size for the price. You get about a pound of muscles for 12$. I will definitely be back. They make you feel special and welcomed.
5	Better than expected. Great service. Had muscles, red pepper pasta (forget the name) with scallops and lump crab, husband had duck. Everything was cooked perfectly.  Waiter said he lived in many parts of the country and this was the best duck he's ever had and he was right. Only downfall is I didn't save room for s'mores dessert!
5	This place isn't in my price range but on special occasions the food is actually worth the extra money. I didn't know food could taste so good. :-)
4	PROS: Some of their plates are most definitely unique in terms of ingredients and flavor. Portions are great and flavor was really good.CONS: Desserts were average. Large portions but nothing special.PARKING: Challenging given you need to find street parking only.All-in-all, I enjoyed the overall experience there in terms of service, food quality and ambiance. I'd go back.
5	Delicious Sunday brunch at $28 includes a cocktail, appetizer and entree. The food is super fresh, locally grown and they even had peach biscuits.
4	Casbah has made my Top 10 Favorite Restaurants in Pittsburgh list. My friends and I went here for one of my friend's birthday. The food was simple yet delicious and transported me back to Greece. Upon being seated, they offered complimentary bread with butter and mascarpone spread. The waiter was very knowledge about the menu and recommended his favorites which included the pork chop entree and that soft shell crabs and corn were in season. As a result, my friends and I shared the soft shell crab app. The soft shell crab was fried to perfection with a small side salad of sliced asparagus and basil with tapenade. The only complaint I had with this dish was that there was only one to share between the three of us. For the entrees, I decided to heed the waiter's advice and selected the pork chop while my friends ordered the gnocchi and cioppino. What I am about to describe for the pork chop does not do it justice. The pork chop was cooked to the right temperature and did not lost its juiciness unlike most of my experiences with pork chop. It was also huge because it was double cut. The riscotto and braised kale complimented the pork chop well with the braised kale giving the pork chop an herbal component. I did not think I would be able to finish the dish but when I looked down again, everything was gone. I had the opportunity to try my friends' dishes and they were also prepared in an exceptional way. The veal and lobster in the gnocchi added a welcoming heartiness to the dish and the sauce reminded me of a curry. The unexpected combination of the gnocchi and curry-like sauce pleasantly surprised me. Since I have never tried cioppino until that day, I did not have anything to compare it but I was satisfied with the amount of seafood they gave. The only complaint from my friend was that the grilled bread that came with the dish was too hard for her to use to soak about the sauce. She used the complimentary bread instead and loved the sauce.While we were ordering our dishes, we mentioned to our waiter that it was my friend's birthday. He brought out a dish of caramel with "Happy Birthday" written on it with dark chocolate sauce for her even though we didn't expect anything from them. I am grateful that they brought that dish out. I do not know if the caramel is on their menu but it melted right away in your mouth. If you managed to read all the way to the end of this review, you probably are asking why I didn't give Casbah all five stars and I will tell you the reason. Although our waiter went above and beyond to get my friend a birthday "plate", the service overall was not satisfactory. Throughout the meal, he did not come over to our table and took a long time getting our checks to us even though we blatantly had finished our dinner for awhile. I have gone to less delicious restaurants who offer better service.Overall, the food at Casbah is exceptional. They change their menu based on what is in season. Here's a tip: if you sign up for the Big Burrito emails (the parent company of Casbah at https://secure.bigburrito.com/Register.aspx), you will get a free meal voucher on your birthday which is good at any of their restaurants. When my parents come into town, I will be subtly hinting that they take me here.
4	I am definitely the salt queen.  I literally salt everything from pizza, McDonalds French Fries (even though I know that they already have tons of salt on them).  I also salt ham and processed foods.   I always salt food before even tasting it.  Nothing is off limits when it comes to me and my salt shaker.Well when my beautiful meal arrived I asked my server for the salt.  None of the tables had salt or pepper shakers on them.  As my server went to get me the salt shaker, I took a bite of my potatoes.  Whoa!!!!!  They were extremely salty!!!!   For the first time in my life,  I didn't add any additional salt to my meal.  For me to say something is "very" salty.... It is very salty. Being the salt queen,  I stll  was able to enjoy and love my meal.  I am almost guarantee that the average person would not have enjoyed this food..  My friend also tasted my meal and immediately noticed the heavy taste of salt.  However he never salts anything so something with one grain of salt on it, he will be about to tell.  It really suprised me that such an upscaled restaurant would have this much salt added to their food.  I am sure that it was an error or something.  I have eaten here in the past and never experience so much salt.Still my meal "for me" was delicious.  For the first time in my life, I am glad that I did not add any salt to my meal.  I do love Casbah alot.  It is probably my second favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh.
5	Best "Babaganoush" we've had since we visited Egypt.The gaspacho soup was fantastic, and since my husband wouldn't share his short rib ravioli, I can only assume they were suburb also. The atmosphere was a tad basic, but it was also different and therefore interesting and enjoyable.
5	Best gnudi I have ever eaten!Loved this place, the food is sublime, I even licked clean the small homemade butter that they serve with the bread. Definitely will try out this place again!
5	The food here was absolute perfection; each bite was perfectly orchestrated to deliver optimal flavor and enjoyment. The service was also fantastic!For my entree, I had the cioppino -- it may be one of the best that I've ever had. The bowl was filled with beautiful looking seafood: large shrimp, clams in their shells, mussels in their shells, a gorgeous piece of perfectly seasoned halibut, and enormous wonderfully cooked scallops. They knew how to cook each piece of seafood to showcase it well. And the charred sourdough served with the cioppino was the perfect complement to soak up all of the delicious, savory flavors of the broth without becoming a soggy mush! My grandfather had the halibut and loved it... Cleaned the plate!I had heard rave reviews of the dark chocolate raspberry bread pudding, so we had to share one for dessert! My grandfather said it was incomparable to any bread pudding; it was a sweet, smooth, decadent indulgence that paired well with the house coffee.And the complementary salted caramels presented with the check were also amazing! I definitely need to come back again to try more of the menu... I think only wonderful items could possibly come out of that kitchen!
2	Made a reservation on opentable for Friday at 6pm.  It wasn't packed at all but the hostess decided to sit us outside without asking where we'd prefer to sit. It was really hot that day so it was pretty uncomfortable. I immediately noticed that a lot of CMU undergrads worked there. While I was dining there I saw 3 CMU classmates. I started off with the gazpacho and it was very tasty. We were also given some bread with a lavender goat cheese spread. The spread was ok. For the entrees I got the roasted pepper cavereccia that had crab in it and ricotta cavatelli with sausage.For the cavereccia I thought there was going to be big chunks of crab but I was disappointed to see that the crab was shredded into small pieces. The pasta was a little undercooked and the sauce was ok.The cavatelli was extremely oily. The more you ate it the more you saw the pool of oil it was swimming in. I had to wipe some of the oil off the pasta. Lastly I had the dark chocolate raspberry bread pudding. It was pretty good but I wish there were more raspberries in it. Service was pretty good and the decor outside was nice, although, it got really stuffy in the outdoor tent. This place is pretty expensive and based on the food I wouldn't go back for that price.
5	I took my boyfriend to Casbah at the end of September for his birthday. We were seated near the door for our reservation however it was a very warm night so it was nice to sit in an open air setting. Our server, her name has slipped my mind, was excellent. I am not a fan of red wines but my boyfriend is and it being his birthday, of course I said let's get a bottle of red. We explained to our server what white varietals I enjoy and she suggested a bottle (which has also slipped my mind being months ago that we were there)that was perfect-both of us enjoyed it. We started off with the papardelle. The rabbit was delicious and it was perfectly seasoned, perfectly cooked-the flavors were amazing together! For entrees, my boyfriend ordered the duck and I ordered the short rib ravioli. His words to describe the duck were "life changing". I was only able to taste a small piece of his since he ate it so quickly, but I agree it was excellent. The short rib was so tender and juicy. I was concerned it would be overly salty and it was not. It was the best ravioli I have eaten hands down! For dessert, we ordered a cheese tasting. It was the perfect way to end our meal-with the cheese tasting and a glass of wine. I can't wait to go back to Casbah and sample some other items-I would have ordered the entire menu on our first visit if I could have!
3	SETTING:Outside seating connected to an indoor area. Dim mood lighting. Relaxed but a notch above casual. FOOD:Entree: Cioppino. Translation: Mixed seafood platter atop a savory broth. Imagine a shallow bowl containing a generous amount of shrimp, littleneck clams, mussels, striped bass, scallop arranged on top of a savory broth/sauce. A light soup-like consistency, the sauce rests at the bottom of the bowl. The entree comes with two triangle pieces of charred sourdough bread for more broth-dipping action. My favorite part of the Cioppino were the scallops and mussels and clams. Those items themselves were delicious, and even more tasty when accompanied with the broth. The bass and shrimp were prepared well, just not as flavorful. Although a generous portion, I would say this is a perfectly sized meal; not a heavy entree at all which to me is a good thing. SERVICE:Our waiter was very knowledgeable and was confident with his recommendations. He didn't pull one of those "well they're all pretty good, depends on what you like" lines. Instead he rattled off the top items in each section and even emphasized a few that he highly recommended "if this is the only time we are ever dining here". We appreciated his honesty. Waters were kept filled, and he checked up on us regularly, but not overwhelmingly so like a helicopter parent. Ended the night with complementary salted caramels with our checks. A nice touch.IMPRESSIONS: A solid dining experience, but I'm not sure if there was anything that left a special lasting impression. My group of grad student friends (we're the farthest thing from snobs) all agreed we enjoyed the food, but were not blown away. We all ordered different entrees that came highly recommended, which allowed us to sample the popular entrees. With the price point, I think we were hoping for a bit more. Definitely want to come back to try the brunch that people have raved about. I'm all about second chances.
4	This might be the best food I've had in Pittsburgh.The restaurant set up is a little odd in that there is a tented outdoor space that you walk through to get to the hostess stand. The hostess stand is located in the indoor space. We were seated in the outdoor section in a corner which was fairly drafty. This is the only negative point I have about the meal.We ordered the cheese  tasting menu, the duck, the scallop pasta, and the lemon sponge cake. Each bite was perfect -- flavorful and expertly cooked. The waiter was friendly and knowledgable. We left feeling full and happy.
5	This update is for Casbah's brunch.Alright, Casbah. You got me, you got me good. Dinner as I mentioned before was decent, but the brunch, amazing. Compared to dinner, brunch at Casbah is definitely the better meal and deal. I don't advocate playing favorites when it comes to siblings in the same family, but sometimes you can't help it. Brother Brunch gets the nod here.Brunch is basically a fixed set. For $28, you choose an adult beverage (or non-alcoholic), an appetizer, and an entree. They start you off with some pistachio scones, buttermilk biscuits, and cornbread. Perfect, I like to stretch before I get my grub on. For my Prix-Fixe (fixed set), I went with the mimosa, smoked salmon, and sea scallop fry. SMOKED SALMON: If you like smoked salmon, then you would enjoy this appetizer. It's what you would expect but also a larger size than I thought it would be! "Oh no, there's too much of something I like," said nobody ever. Upon seeing the smoked salmon display fanned out on its plate with bits of egg, red onion, and aioli garnished over top, my salivary glands couldn't control themselves! SEA SCALLOP FRY: You know I love me some scallops. The dish came with two scallops, a small croissant, small bits of fennel sausage, a side of white corn grits, and a little bit of butternut squash and caramelized onions. I was tempted to go with the classic eggs/toast/waffle as an entree, but I am so glad I put on my big boy foodie stretchy pants and took a chance. It's not your typical brunch dish and it's one I would definitely recommend. All in all, fantastic brunch experience. Definitely felt comfortably full, but not in a self-hatred, "I-regret-this-decision-immediately" kind of way. Service was professional; our waitress kept the waters filled and came in to check on us a little after each dish was served.
4	This used to be my all time favorite restaurant for dinner in Pittsburgh. The food is always top notch - lunch, dinner and brunch. I think for brunch they offer one of the best bloody Mary's in the city, with just the right amount of kick! My favorite dinner entree was the casericcia - not sure if I spelled it correctly. Why did they ever remove it from the menu is anyone's guess. It was amazing. I went there for my birthday dinner and was ready to order it when the waiter explained that they removed it from the menu despite it being one of their most popular dishes. What a total let down. Nothing compares to it in my book. That's the only reason I'm giving Casbah a 4 star review... Please please please bring it back!!
2	While I have always had a great experience with my food, I feel the need to update my prior review based on my experience at brunch today.  When my food came out, there was a very visible hair on my plate. I was with a large group and did not want to make a scene, so I mentioned it to the server who immediately took my plate away. The manager on duty came out to apologize, which I did appreciate. However, I was a little surprised because when they brought my plate out about 5 minutes later, I could tell that it was the same exact plate. First off, it was not even warm, so if they made my meal on the spot you would think it would be hot, or at the very least warm. I had also substituted bacon for the sausage that normally comes with the entree, and if the chef had made a new plate on the spot, he would probably have sent it out with the sausage (or with a side of bacon again), which he did not (they had served my bacon on the side when they brought it out initially).     Everything was in the exact same place on the plate. I wasn't going to cause a scene, so I pretended to enjoy it, but did not. I was quite repulsed.in my last review I had said that Casbah was my favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh. I had mentioned that the Cassericia dish was my favorite but that they had removed it from the menu the last time I tried to order it there for dinner. I received a response from someone at the restaurant that she was not sure why I would think that because it is still offered, and I explained that the waiter told me it was removed from the menu. I'm not really sure what happened here, but I can tell you this... I don't think that Casbah is my favorite anymore. In fact not only is it not my favorite, it has taken a plunge to the bottom of my list of places to eat. For me, if you expect to eat at a top restaurant, the service should be top of the line, and it has just been too inconsistent for my taste. No thanks Casbah!
4	Every time I have been to Casbah for lunch, brunch, or dinner, the food has been great and the service has been impeccable.  Sure, I've had more exceptionally delicious and unique meals in Pittsburgh, but Casbah has Consistent Awesomeness down pat.  Just get a reservation ahead of time.  Also, the desserts are mandatory!  The duck confit gnocchi is smashing-- it's a nice balance of slightly sweet and very savory--and my favorite is probably the Casbah Double-Cut Pork Chop: super-yum comfort food.  The short rib ravioli is some pot-roasty Goodness, and the long island duck is another great choice.  A nice surprise here are the great happy hour specials at the bar.  Try the Boyd & Blair cocktail and the sangria.
5	Let me say that my five stars are based primarily on the calamari appetizer ... it is SOOO good! The squid was very lightly battered and fried so briefly that it was tender and delicious. Seriously, it was one of the best I've eaten, and I've made it a point of sampling calamari. The entrees (short rib ravioli and cavatelli) were very good, too. As for the Carrot Cob for dessert, forget it. It only detracts from the otherwise wonderful meal.
4	My girlfriend and I went to Casbah for the first time recently and we both enjoyed our experience.The atmosphere is dressy, but the restaurant isn't so formal that it feels stuffy or uncomfortable, which is a welcome change compared to most classy restaurants.  The environment was relaxed, and it was easy to have a quiet conversation throughout the meal.  As for the meal itself, we had a reservation and were promptly seated when we showed up.Our waiter was courteous and provided good, fast service without being overbearing or constantly hovering, which was quite nice.  For an appetizer, we ordered the cheese tray which was tasty as well as fun and unique.Following the cheese tray, I dined on the cioppino while my girlfriend had the casereccia.  Both dishes were tasty and our seafood was skillfully cooked, particularly the sea bass in my dish which was delicious.I'd recommend this restaurant for anyone looking to celebrate an occasion or have some good, out of the ordinary food.
5	Upon receipt of the much-coveted Big Burrito birthday voucher, I had to make the tough decision about which of their restaurants to visit.  I was torn between Casbah and Eleven, but upon perusing the menus, reading reviews, and giving the matter much thought, I settled on Casbah.  I knew I'd made a good decision when I invited some friends to join me, and they said that, based on their past experience, I'd made an excellent choice!Our meal started off with a few slices of bread, which came with butter and a Greek yogurt spread.  The butter was good, but the yogurt spread was amazing, and both of them dressed up the bread very well.  We then ordered an appetizer of the bruschetta, which was not your normal bruschetta, but was delicious.  I'm not entirely sure of the ingredients, since what we received doesn't match the menu description posted on the website, but one notable thing about it was that it had some pomegranate seeds that gave it a subtle sweetness and juiciness, complementing the other savory ingredients.  For my entree, I ordered the orecchiette, a dish consisting of ear-shaped pasta tossed in a goat cheese and sage cream sauce, with chicken and dried cranberries.  Flavorwise, this was one of the most well-balanced dishes I've ever eaten, with the savory ingredients and sweet hints from the cranberries (which were actual cranberries, rather than craisins, as I'd imagined) melding together in perfect culinary harmony.  The pasta was also cooked to a perfect al dente firmness, which held up well in the microwave several days later when I ate the leftovers.  The cranberry-lime dry soda that I ordered to go with this entree complemented it very nicely, and was a great alternative to wine (while I was tempted, I didn't order any since my dining companions decided not to, due to having driven).My two dining companions ordered the Scottish salmon and the gnocchi, respectively.  Based on the samples that they provided me, Casbah did a great job on these dishes, as well!  The salmon had a subtle saltiness that complemented the flavor nicely, without overpowering it.  My friend who ordered it had had it before at Casbah, but had since been to Scotland, and he said that it was very similar in quality and taste to the versions of this dish that he'd tried there.  The gnocchi was one of the most unique and varied dishes I've encountered, and, based on the two bites that I tried, brought the ingredients together in a medley of flavors and textures.  I think my friend who ordered it described it best by saying that every bite was a bit different, but that they were all delicious!  Although all of us tried bites of each other's dishes, we each liked our own choice best, so we chose well.After our entrees, we decided to order dessert.  Although I was tempted by the dark chocolate raspberry bread pudding, since many reviewers speak highly of it, I decided to follow my instinct and get the chocolate-hazelnut bomba.  I'm so glad that I did, since this dessert was amazing!  If you like dark chocolatey, torte-like desserts or Nutella, this dessert is a must-try. Since I mentioned I was at Casbah for a birthday dinner, the dessert was served with "Happy birthday" written on the plate in chocolate icing, which was a nice touch.  My dining partners ordered the creme brulee to split between themselves, which came topped with an apple compote.  Based on the bite that I tried, it was a good rendition of a brulee, but couldn't match the star power of the chocolate bomba.We visited at 7:30pm last Sun., at the later end of their serving hours, but service from our waiter, Brian, was very good.  We were seated in the tent-like area in the front of the restaurant, which stayed surprisingly warm during most of our visit.  At one point before dessert, upon returning from the restroom, I noticed that it'd cooled off, but the manager came out to turn on the heating elements, and it warmed back up in less than 10 min.In sum, if you're looking for a solid fine dining experience with innovative, delicious food, Casbah is a great choice.  The food was impressive in its quality, and the service was what I've come to expect at a higher-end restaurant.  I'd particularly recommend getting on the Big Burrito mailing list to receive a $30 birthday voucher and $10 off coupons for the holidays, and taking advantage of one of these occasions to try it.  I'm certain that you'll be as pleased with your experience there as me and my dining partners!
1	Three strikes and you're out!  We had brunch there a few months back, and the meal was so salty that we could barely begin to eat it.  That meal was comped and I figured it was an off day.  We went back about a month later for dinner, and that meal was also very salty and we could not finish it.  We were willing to try again, so we went for dinner tonight.  I ordered the filet, and it was like eating a salt shaker.  I was shocked that, for a third time, I had a piss poor meal at Casbah.  I sent that back, and ordered the sea bass.  When I got to the end of the piece of fish, it was raw.  Needless to say, I will NEVER return to this restaurant.  Looking back, what should I have expected from the sister restaurant of Mad Mex?
5	Casbah continues to be my favorite Pittsburgh restaurant. High quality service and creative dishes. Sign up for mailers for Big Burrito special offers and birthday discount.  Must try:CalamariCheese plateShort Rib RavioliPork ChopWatermelon Gin Fizz
4	At this time, I have officially had every meal of the day at Casbah (it's great!). Here are my thoughts from my three visits:First time was for dinner (June 2014) with my Big Burrito Birthday Coupon. We sat outside, where it was pleasant even though it was the middle of the summer. They were generous with the table bread and I really liked their goat cheese yogurt spread. I got the Orrechiette chicken pasta and BF got the filet mignon. The pasta was ok (see lunch review for update) and came in a large portion. The filet mignon was perfection. I made BF share with me :) The roasted potatoes with the green chutney were also heavenly. Definitely a lovely way to spend my birthday.Second time was for a weekday lunch with a college friend visiting (Nov 2014). We had the 2 $10 off entree coupons and ordered off the Gusto menu (a fancy version of Panera's You Pick Two). I got the Orrechiette again and a Turkey Avacado Sandwhich. The pasta was delicious this time, so I'm thinking it was just one-uped by the Filet Mignon at dinner. Friend got the vege risotto which she liked. I like that Casbah is willing to customize plates at no extra charge or nuisance - they removed all bacon items from my entire meal and replaced them with other dressings, etc. I really appreciated that. Even without the coupon the Gusto lunch menu is a great deal!Third time I went for brunch with another girlfriend (Dec 2014). I LOVE BRUNCH and Casbah took the cake. The table scones, pastries etc were delicious as was the accompanying cinnamon butter. Our waiter was very nice and helpful and was again quick to help customize my vegetarian friend's needs. I got the Mimosa which was delicious. Smoked salmon appetizer was as good as the other yelpers say and the portion was humongous. Finally, I got the scallop omelette and they had no issue giving me my favorite home fries as the side instead of the grits. Friend got the salad appetizer and the spinach eggs benedict. She loved the eggs not such a big fan of the arugula salad (which I have had and liked). We each had a $10 off brunch which made this a steal :) We were able to sit outside even in the winter which was nice.All in all, I love Casbah. I'm a student so it's a little expensive for me. But I go every chance I get. Look out for Big Burrito coupons!
3	Mixed results.  Made a reservation and we were seated in a dark corner at a tiny table. Is the money from having that table worth the negative experience guests will receive? Methinks not.  I had to ask to be moved to the patio, which was much better.The drinks we ordered from the bar were watery (the Manhattan and some drink with applejack in it). Later, they made a mistake and sent us the wrong cocktail, which turned out to be much better than the ones we wanted. Appetizers (meatballs with Brussels sprouts and beet salad) were very good, but the main courses left a lot to be desired in terms of seasoning.  The texture of the short rib in the ravioli wasn't quite right, sort of dry, maybe overcooked.  We had a bread pudding for dessert, which was probably the best part of the meal. I expect a better overall experience for the money.
3	Stopped here for drinks before we went on to dinner elsewhere. In hindsight, we wish we had stayed here. :-)We had a couple of great beers and just enjoyed the excellent music soundtrack before we moved on to our next designation. I hope to come back here sometime in the future and actually have...a meal. I like this funkier part of town.
5	I don't know of any place that comes to close to the quality of Mediterranean food offered at Casbah.  They have a daily menu that combines unique ingredients into a great blend.  My favorites on their menu are their spinach casareccia (which I customize with tuna steak instead of chicken) and their gnocchi (in that order).  They are open to customizing their menu so if you want half and half of each dish, they are happy to do that for you.  That is a huge plus for me.  They are safely my favorite Big Burrito restaurant
5	I am a huge fan of almost all things Big Burrito and Casbah is no exception.  I have been to Casbah so many times over the years that the visits all meld together, but on this particularly occasion I had the arugula salad to begin with which was delicious and my friend had the butternut squash soup which she really enjoyed.  We both ordered the the Scottish Salmon which was so delicious and tender that it literally melted in my mouth.  The house-made pastas are always a great option if as is the duck or the lamb which I've had both on a few occasions.  Their wine list is always spectacular - on this visit I had a glass of the Riesling from Urban, Germany and my friend had a glass of Pinot Grigio from Lenotti, Italy.  We had no room for dessert on this visit, but any of their desserts that have the Meyer lemons is always a hit and I am a die-hard chocolate fan and I will forgo chocolate for one of their delicious meyer lemon dessert creations.  I haven't been to Casbah for brunch in quite some time, but after having gone to Eleven recently for brunch, I'm keen to try Casbah for brunch again soon.
3	I enjoyed my previous experiences at Casbah, but this past weekend was a disappointment. Despite having a reservation well in advance, my husband and I were seated at a horrible table right next to the hallway that leads to the kitchen and bathrooms. There was a constant stream of distractions. Service was also really slow and my sea bass was bland. I expected better from Casbah...
