4	i recommend this place over other theaters in the area during the week, not the weekend though.during the week it's quiet, relatively new and clean, with nice seats and decent kids behind the popcorn counter.on the weekend, look out! it's the mecca of tweenies and younger teens from the community, and they're all rich and have mom's $40 and nothing to do.
4	I admit I haven't been to this theater in a long time, I usually go to Harkins @ the Chandler Mall, but I was over in the tukee and decided to catch a movie there.  I'll definitely see some more movies there!  I guess once the mall theater opened a majority of the jr high/hs kids go to that one now, which is awesome if you're just in the mood to go in, watch a movie, and get out w/o having to deal with a mess of tweens talking during the movie.  They also have Mr. Pibb, which alone warrants 4 stars.
4	Probably the best kept movie theater I've been to in a long time. Place is clean, not too many annoying people in the theaters during the movies.
2	I expected the theater to be clean when picking out a seat, but no it looked like it hasn't been cleaned for hours. There was popcorn on the seats, trash on the floor, and wrappers all over the place. I've been to some better AMC but this one was just BAD! The bathrooms looked like it hasn't been cleaned since they open their doors that morning.
2	We live very close to AMC Ahwatukee and visit this place often. Although the facade is neat and tidy and slick bars embrace the movie hall what lies inside is a different story. I totally second Earl's comments on the cleanliness of the place... In addition, the popcorn that they serve is not as crunchy as it should be. If you make the mistake of adding butter to it you might have to discard the whole thing... believe me when I say that that butter smells like coconut oil (I'm Indian, I know what coconut oil tastes like) I'm not sure who runs the place but sometimes they make strategic mistakes like running a relatively new movie in one of their smaller halls. Recently we had to watch 'The curious case of Benjamin Button' in a tiny theater. The old lady beside me was probably suffering from flatulence and when we couldn't bear it anymore we came away.. So people, if you have a choice.. STAY AWAY
3	As I sat down, I had to ask the people further down the row if they had vomited.
4	I don't necessarily review movie theaters, especially not a chain of theaters, but AMC Ahwatukee needed to be reviewed for some strange reason. I've notice that on two or three different occasions, the theaters have been eerily empty - on Friday nights for opening blockbuster movies! It's really peculiar, considering the teeming and buzzing outside the theater doors from pre-teens and teens at the hookah lounge or at the sushi bar.I give this theater 4-stars based on that merit alone. This is a biased review, as I really enjoyed watching "Terminator: Salvation" with my friends last night with a less-than-packed crowd of people. It was opening night! So, either Ahwatukee is flushing out for the hot summer, or the theater is struggling with ticket sales revenue. No sure which, but for my moviegoing experience, it couldn't have been better.
3	The Ahwatukee 24 is a perfectly fine movie theater.  In fact, at a matinee over the weekend it was surprisingly uncrowded.We saw the new Terminator movie (Let me sum it up - robot gets humanity, robot loses humanity, robot gets humanity back) and it wasn't very good.  Wait for DVD.The seats were very nice and comfy with high backs and some reclining action.  Who can't use more reclining action in their lives?It was pretty clean, my feet did not stick to the floor, the bathroom was decent.  Overall, A-OK.
2	Bleh.  I do not like this location at all!  I normally don't have anything bad to say about AMC Theatres, but this one just makes me mad.  First of all, the bathrooms are terrible!  They are way too small and somehow manage to look like they're 30 years old!  I also hate the location of this one with all the awful chains around (not awful because they're chains, but awful because their food/product is awful).  The actual theatres are not the nicest and could use a bit more thorough cleaning after each show.  The seats are strangely small.  I feel like they ordered the wrong chairs for this one because they don't feel like any of the other AMC's that I've been to.  Last but not least, this theatre is entirely over-run by children.  They are everywhere and their parents don't seem to care how their screaming and whining bothers other people.  Ugh.  I won't come back unless I have to.
3	Here's why I like this place.  Its in a good location if you have to wait for a movie.  Run over to Barnes & Nobles and read a magazine or book, or grab coffee while you wait.  There's almost always some good restaurants right next to it.Why I gave it only 3 stars is because now if you see a movie after 12noon (coorrection, believe it's 5PM.. but still!).. its $10.50.  Uh. what???  I really try to see movies on Sat/Sun before noon, but sometimes it just doesnt happen.  Remember going out on the weekends??  Also their seats aren't the best.  Ive always said.. the ultimate theater is AMCs movie/sound with Harkins seats.  Guess what?  AMC near Cardinals Stadium? Yeah... they did it.  Kudos to them.All in all this place is still good to see movies and I was just here last week.
3	**3.5 Stars**I've come here to this theatre a few times before, and its not half bad.  It's like all the other AMC theatres I've been to in my day, and this ones just like the rest.This one has 24 theatres, and has some pretty reasonable matinee rates, along with a decent selection of movies.  Ample parking, snacks and its right off the expressway.  Its kind of buried in a large strip mall, with ample selection of dining options around it if you should want to get something to eat before or after a movie.Will return in the future for more movies, as I halfway enjoyed my experience here this last time.
1	Worst parking on the planet. The parking spaces were meant for mini-coopers. If you are paranoid about dings park elsewhere. Robert Pfeifer
3	Decent experience.  The employees did explain the new rewards program to me (after finding out the old movie watcher program expired---my card wouldn't work in the thing outside)  but it took 4 of them to log into the computer to sign me up.  For some reason non of them had a username password to their system they use to sign you up.  They don't carry the Coke icees anymore, so that's a bummer...but everything else was good
4	Friendly people.You get to put your own button on your popcorn.  Which is good for me as I'm a butter (flavoring) fan.Best deal in town for movies.  Great deals Monday thru Thursday and before noon for the other days.Clean.If you join their Stubs reward program you get free movies for money spend AND upgrades at the concession stand.  A medium for the price of a small!  Which lets face it is still a rip off but for me, part of the movie experience.
2	If this theater does not get some unsweatened iced tea like MOST OTHER AMC and west coast theaters I have been to I will start to plan to drive the extra 10-15 minutes elsewhere. Right now it just has convienience going for it. Heck the other AMC we went to recently had chicken tenders, and you're telling me you can't get some unsweatened iced tea, it is not that hard. Prices are awful, but many 'group buy' websites have made pricing bearable these past few months....plus coke code movie tickets.
3	Meh. I had an AMC gift card so we went here on afternoon.  It's an older theater.  The inside was fine, seating is good with high backs and all.  The floor of the theater was sticky and that's a pet peeve of mine.  The bathrooms are small for a theater with 24 screens.  And as I said in a previous review about another AMC location, it's overpriced.  The prices at the concession stand are pretty crazy.  I had a $25 gift card and spent $8 over that.  $33 for an afternoon at the movies for one adult and one child?  That's pretty expensive. Unless I get another giftcard, I probably won't return to AMC theaters anytime soon.
4	This place is clean no mess up's or anything so It's a pretty good movie theater.
4	Very nice theater, with a very friendly staff.  The seats were comfortable, the popcorn was fresh, and the place was clean.
5	Love this theatre. We come here almost weekly. The staff is great and always friendly! Can occasionally hear an action movie through the walls if in a quieter movie but not a big enough distraction to ruin the experience.This is definitely our number one pick for movies in town.
4	Great prices Mon - Thurs ($5), good parking and movie selection. Always clean, with stadium seats and decent snacks.
2	It seems that this was a nice theater, say, 6-8 years ago. However, the owners have clearly not spent any time or money on keeping it nice.As mentioned in previous reviews, the parking situation at this entire plaza a somewhat comical. The engineers decided to make about half of the spots "compact" and they are marked so--but maneuvering into them even with my VW Rabbit is tricky. Trickier still since the "compact" designation is roundly ignored by your average Ahwatukee citizen driving his Super Duper Nissan Dreadnought or what have you. Then, you have the scene kids in zooped-up Honda Civics using the valet parking in front of the theater while they go to Harem.When you enter the lobby, everything appears to be pretty nice. The people are nice as well. However, the facade doesn't hold up once you get inside the individual theaters. They smell bad, the chairs are horribly broken and stained, and sometimes it seems that the staff has completely given up the notion of cleaning the theater between shows. I've gone to matinees where I literally had to move garbage off seats (from the previous show) onto the floor to sit down. The management allows mobs of underage Ahwatukee brats into R-rated movies, making pretty much any popular movie unwatchable after 7 pm.
4	This is my favorite AMC. It's close to the house, friendly staff, and in the middle of awesome Ahwatukee.
2	I hate to bring up a competitor in a review but this place just makes me long for a Harkins. No sweet collector cups, no free popcorn shirts, a most often too dirty theater, underwhelming seats, kids everywhere, expensive tickets, no student discounts, I come here when I have to, that's it.
3	I frequent movie theaters quite often, and I have found that this particular theater is ho-hum. I am more of a Harkins fan for many reasons, including that my money stays in Arizona, and they are significantly cheaper. However, I will admit that the chairs here are quite roomy and comfy. Overall, that is probably the only upper hand they have on Harkins. No student discounts or the sweet loyalty cups and shirts. I still come here from time to time as it is a central location of where I generally am and is a clean establishment with friendly staff (although, what's with the girl asking to see my ID for a rated R movie? I'm 23...) I'll probably be back but only out of convenience.
3	Live very close to this theater so I go there whenever I can. Went to one of the grand opening movies "Avengers". The movie was great but when using the restrooms they are very small for the amount of people going there (5 stalls) there was no toilet paper, one was out of order, long waiting lines and one soap dispenser didn't work . Went to get popcorn and watched one of the wait staff take one cup, pour something into another cup then replace the used cup back with the unused ones. The seats in the theater do make you sore after about a hour. They don't rock back and the seats are starting to bow in from constant use so you feel like you are arching forward.
4	$5 for a ticket mon-thurs before 6pm. can't beat that. i believe the movie has to have been out for at least a week, so if you can wait it's a great deal. just make sure you buy something from concession because that's how movie theaters make their money. it doesn't come from movie tickets.
3	3.5 StarsThis is the closest theater to my house so it's usually the go to spot.  It's pretty much your standard theater.  ir a shopping center with Pita jungle, Ra, and several other spots for post or pre-movie eats. The floors don't seem to be overly sticky and the bathrooms are clean. The sound and screens seem to be good in the theater sections I have been in. It has the little kiosks out front so you can speed through and get your tickets most times.  My only complaint is the concession lines. No i am not going to complain about the price, it's a movie theater after all. The last two times they have up-sold the person in front of me on some member card thing that I had to stand around and wait while they fill out a full questionnaire.  Not the most pleasant experience.  They also have really cheap cups for your 2 gallon soda that will collapse on you while trying to juggle your popcorn, drink and ticket stub to get to your seats.
2	First, ticket agent didn't know his movies or the stars that played in them.Second, they didn't have iced tea. Was offered flavored icee! How is that comparable to iced tea!? Third, brought in a large bag popcorn from a movie I watched last week. I was told "we don't do refills". Simple put, I'm staying loyal to Harkins Theater...an Arizona locally owned theater chain. 3 strikes AMC...we're out!!!
2	High ticket prices, seats don't recline, tiny theater and dirty bathrooms. That sums this place up. If it hadn't been for a time crunch and a convenient show time i doubt I would have come here and after this won't be coming back. Charging $10 a ticket for a screen the same size as I have seen in houses with crapier surround sound to boot.
4	The only reason they got 4 stars is because of their 3D.  The theater is very nice, and the seats are nice (more comfortable than Harkins in fact).In all fairness I am comparing their 3D to IMAX's 3D.  I saw The Hobbit in IMAX Real 3D and it blew us away.  Seeing Oz in Real 3D was not the same, and the 3D was not as good.  For non 3D movies I would probably choose AMC now over Harkins due to the comfortable seating.    As with any movie theater the prices were insane.  $4.75 for a bottle of Dasani???
2	During a time which seems so long ago, this was the "it" place for movies.  After going tonight, it now seems old and dirty - a sharp contrast to memory.  Tickets are higher in price than Harkins, and "large" size popcorn and drinks (at Harkins) get one free refill.  From what I understand, nothing is free at AMC unless you first spend $ to purchase some kind of card.  Emphasis on the word "spend.".  Both the movie and sound quality were good.  The strange thing is the theatre became noticeably warm (hot) midway through the movie.  The problem was corrected.
4	I am a big fan of movies. Since I'm not in my 20's I have some important rules that help this theater out. 1st off I try to miss openin weekends unless it's a can't miss movie, then I go 1st showing on sundays. This helps reduce the crowds. This also helps w/ everything. The screens and sound are awsome. The 3D is also real good. Lastly, the bathrooms and chairs are also real good. The few times I've gone on Sat night have been a nightmare. so Just know, that the experience here is great as long as it's not too crowded. Then they have a hard time keeping up.
3	Not for being so close to where I hang my hat. It's a convenient location, BUT it's no Harkins. They don't have popcorn salt! Which is the whole reason why I go to the movies in the first place. Sound quality pretty good and the picture was good. Not my first choice, but it will do.
2	Seems a little old and rundown. Many lights flicker or are out and not fixed. Popcorn was stale. Screens are small compared to other AMCs. Sound and picture was ok. People were friendly and helpful
1	The snacks are more expensive than the harkins... And the seats look nice but are hella uncomfortable.  I mean go-to-the-chiropractor uncomfortable.
2	Came here to see Catching Fire. We arrived 15 minutes before the movie started and were asked to wait while they finished cleaning the theater. After waiting for about5-7 minutes we were finally allowed to take our seats only to notice that there were at least 10 people already in their seats. This was annoying since clearly they were allowing people in the room. For having several cleaners, they did a terrible job. There was popcorn left on the seats! The seats are very uncomfortable too. The backs are straight and don't allow for comfortable movement. Also there was a flooded toilet in the women's restroom and at least one other stall without toilet paper!  Probably will drive to other theaters from now on.
2	Man this place is just not good at all. I guess we are spoiled with the better local chain of movie theaters. I feel sorry for other people in other cities who only have AMC as a choice for movie theaters. I would complain about the cost of going to movie too if this was the only show in town. I will definitely stick to the local chain from now on.The only reason we came here was because they were showing the movie we wanted to see at a time that worked for us. Never again. Parking sucked and there weren't even that may people in the theater. The seats and isles were very narrow. One plus is the seats were firm and you could put the arm rests up but that is where it ends. There was only one way in and out of each row and the bottom of the seat didn't move at all so it was hard to let people by because there was no where to get out of their way. Everything is very over priced as well. No point in even getting a soda.Never again. I will go to Harkins no matter what time the movie is playing. I will take free popcorn and cheap refills any day. This place sucks. Boo AMC. Boo.
2	I can't believe I've never reviewed AMC Ahwatukee since this is the movie theater that we go to most often. The Harkins at the Chandler mall is probably just a little closer to home but that parking lot is always totally full and there are a ton of teenagers just cruising around and hanging out in front of the movie theater so it's a total zoo. The AMC has the same problems but to a lesser extent. AMC used to always have a decent amount of parking but now a couple more restaurants have opened up and it is getting to be a little scarce. The other good thing about AMC is they have the rewards program so after a couple visits you can get some free tickets or snacks.Really, I'd be perfectly happy giving this place four stars if it weren't so dirty. Its been gradually getting worse and now its at the point where it's pretty gross. There are trails of popcorn kernels throughout the building and theaters always have trash on the ground. But the worst is the bathrooms. They are always completely filthy. I do get grossed out pretty easily by public restrooms but these are beyond disgusting. Even my husband won't use them. But sometimes after a large soda and sitting thru a 2 1/2 hour movie.... you just gotta go. Before, I used to just plug my nose and squint my eyes and get it done. The last few times it was so bad I just couldn't do it. It made for some interesting car rides home, let me tell you. If they don't fix these issues soon I'll have to switch to the Harkins or else start wearing adult diapers to the movies!!!
4	Good place to cach a movie. They have good sound systems, plenty of theatres, and some good restaurants in the area to grab food or a drink. The food is... well... theatre food, so nothing special. Definitely try to hit Pita Jungle or Ra before if you want real food. Biggest grip is that the seats are a little tight. Overall, though, this is our family's theatre of preference. By the way, if you see a lot of movies the Stubs card is worth the money.
1	The seats in the theater are uncomfortable and broken. They squeak and squeal if you even think about shifting your weight. Also, the sound from the other theaters bleeds through really bad. I'm currently hearing someone singing two theaters down, an ominous bass rumble in the next theater, and static/white noise from the speakers in the theater I'm in. Way subpar experience compared to Harkins. It's worth the drive to go to the Harkins at Az Mills rather than coming to this crap hole for the 'convenience'.
2	My wife and I have enjoyed movies at various AMC theaters in Phoenix.  Tonight was the fourth time we have been to AMC Ahwatukee and the 2nd time of which where the volume in the theater was excessive. As a professional audio engineer, I am well aware of what the volume in the theater should be, how the sound systems should be calibrated, how the movies are electronically delivered to the theaters and much more.  As a professional audio engineer, I also am fortunate to always have hearing protection with me.  Due to high volume, I ended up wearing my professional earplugs to protect my hearing.  However, most customers do not carry earplugs with them, so they must endure and possible suffer hearing damage from the excessive volume.  As previously mentioned, this is the 2nd occurrence at this specific theater where the volume was excessive and clearly out of specification.  I have written to AMC (via their website), with hopes that AMC takes this issue seriously as well as takes initiatives to resolve the issue.  Until that time, I simply will indicate that as a customer, to be aware that the volume at this theater may be loud enough to  cause either temporary or permanent hearing, a health concern.  And as such, I would recommend going to another theater if you have the option AND/OR complaining to corporate that this theater has issues that they need to start looking into.
3	Our visit started out good. Went there to see Back to the Future last night at 7pm with my husband and 13 & 17 year old kids to see this classic on the big screen. My kids never watch these classics all the way through at home so we took them to be able to appreciate the movie. Anyhow, we got there about an hour early so we got pepperoni pizzas, popcorn and sodas. Everything tasted good, but overpriced, as expected. Not a big a deal. I have that stub card so there's deals to get with that.Seating was great, our theater 22 had very spacious seating between the rows and it was clean and comfy. The problems came when a couple came in and decided that they needed to talk over the movie.  They weren't young either, and those types usually stop once the movie gets going. But no. They were so loud even after turning around and making it obvious that they were disturbing us.  We finally moved to the back of the theater about the time Marty was in the coffee shop with his dad for the first time. They were still loud throughout the rest of the movie but at least they weren't directly behind us and I wasn't agitated enough to fight with them. It's hard enough to get my husband to the movies and it's people like this that keeps him from going with us and enjoying himself.  It would have been nice if there was staff around that would come in there once on a while. At least they would shut up for a little bit.I won't forget the lady,  she was the worst. She had long hair that resembled Dee Snyder back in the day but with red pink blue dye in it that made her look insane.  I hope she reads this but she probably won't as she is most likely illiterate. I digress.  That was reason enough that we won't be back.
2	No I don't want to activate my card again... Has it already been a year and have I seriously thought the perks at Harkins were way better.. Yes yes it has and yes I do.  I love all movie theaters, they are a wonderful place to loose yourself in the world.  Unfortunately I don't like paying out the A$$ every time I go. I know the new trend is High prices for movies, this isn't news.  What I don't like is not having the chance for my discount opportunities as an advent goer.  Cool I get to spend $100 here and that gets me what, 10 dollars free?  This isn't enough of a gimmick to make me want to keep renewing my card or spend my money here,  When Harkins theatre gets me a Movie, drink and popcorn for just 8.50 each movie.  I have nothing bad to say about this theater in particular or staff members.  They have always been nice and friendly.  I actually rather enjoy this movie theater and the atmosphere it has around it.  I just wish I could come back here more often, but being a broke college student, I have to resort to where the best bang for my buck is.  And that is no doubt Harkins.
2	Just saw Chef, great movie!  This theater is not comfortable though!!!  It was hot and the chairs don't recline at all.  Even the girl I was with was sweating the whole time. I will definitely drive further for a better, more comfortable experience.
3	I WISH I liked this theater. It is the closest to my house and much less busy than other theaters in the area. But, try as I might, this place always lets me down. From their failure to do the $1.50 drink refills (like Harkins), to their high priced tickets, to their bland popcorn, this place fails to impress. If they want to compete with Harkins then AMC needs to step up their game in Arizona. Please, AMC, prove me wrong! I want a good neighborhood theater to go to!
3	It's an older theater but for a matinee, it was perfect. Stadium seating was very comfortable. Plenty of parking.
4	Now this place is quite pricey, and a bit run down. Yes, the seats don't recline, and you may drop forty bucks for a two person movie night, but hey... It's quiet. The location is great, and no kids being a nuisance is the theater. I prefer AMC over Harkins. Last Friday I was able to go to a showing of a movie that just came out the night before, running late, and still manage to snag GREAT seats, without having to sit next to people I don't know. If I had gone to Harkins, I may have been lucky to get seats two inches from the screen. Hmph! I do think this theater could use some work, but it beats Harkins any day!
4	This is a pretty solid movie theater. Ticket line always moves quickly and they have 3 "self-serve" centers that work well. Bathrooms and theaters are clean, and seats are comfortable enough for longer movies. I've only had popcorn from the concession stand, but it was pretty good and not stale. Only complaint is the parking, extremely tight spaces if you choose not to use the valet!
1	Hadn't been to this AMC or any in quite a while.  Was looking forward to my visit, which was encouraged only because of a one direction movie.  Only certain theaters and locations had this movie and anyone with a tween understands "the need" to see this movie.So...I suppose I have been spoiled by Harkins.  Guess what, popcorn and sodas dont cost an arm and a let at Harkins and I now remember why I dont go to AMC.  If you have the loyalty cup drinks are only 1.50 at Harkins and popcorn is basically free after you purchase the tshirt....which is $20 bucks and lasts a year.  While at AMC, I purchased 2 soft pretzels and 2 drinks and it cost $25.- and the pretzels was stale and burnt. I also noticed on the menu a deal for chicken nuggets, fries and a drink= $18.50 .   CRAZY   this might all be normal or average but I prefer my 1.50 (2.50 if I upgrade to the refillable popcorn) snack bar bill.Ok enough about the food :)   While in the theater, keep in mind this was a One Direction Concert Movie, the audience was all young screaming girls (and assorted moms-along for the ride).    During the movie, which was basically a concert on film, a particular song played that typically calls for everyone getting their phones out -flashlight mode and the sway above the head thing...you know- just like at concerts.  I was beyond SHOCKED when  and employee came and told anyone (basically everyone) that had their phone out to put them away or they would be kicked out of the theater.  I was with 4 tweens and they were actually scared by the threat.  EVERYONE was doing this and it in no way ruined the movie experience.  A fellow mom I was with went to management and she was told that only people who were filming the movie were told to put them away....ummmm not true.  I saw my group of tweens being told and not one of them was filming the movie.  I guess I would say to AMC, I get it- normally, but in this circumstance- really??  Tickets for this limited engagement cost me $34 plus the $25 for food.....  I am pretty sure this is the first one star review I have written :(
1	I LOVE AMC and going to the movies however, theatre number 14 (can't speak for the other theaters inside) might have the most uncomfortable seating I have experience ever!!!  The seats are so upright that it is almost surreal.  And NO, they don't recline back.  I mean seriously folks... something is wrong.  Someone made a terrible mistake in installing these.  If you have a bad back or neck... Don't go!  Oh, and ALL the seats in #14 have this problem... I checked!So my review for AMC is 5 stars but this theatre in particular... 1.  You guys gotta do something about this.
3	I like location of this theater. The lines seem to move fast everytime I go without pre-purchased tickets.
