4	I can't really rate the place as a resort because I was there for a graduation.  However, the areas I went and the staff I encountered were wonderful.**Edit:  For my critic**The decor was somewhat Las Vegas-ey in that the carpet was a little mind numbing if you stared at it for far too long, but it definitely fits the local.  One person described it as 'bright and hot'.Our banquet was wonderful, servers were extremely attentive.  The food was decent, but what really stood out was the decadent chocolate cake that was much too rich for one person to finish.  Most everyone sure tried their best.  Servers even brought milk for some to wash down the chocolatey goodness.**End edit**The bar has a good selection, my midori sour that was a size of a water glass was probably around $8, but if you think about half that size at a club going at $6, the hotel's price was pretty decent.  Plus it was made very tasty.Then there was theHo, fo shothat tried to strike up convos with the males in our group.  Valley girl drawl and fur coat.  As slick as she can be, she leans over to one of the guys and says.......wait for it......."What's your sign?"Where did you learn that line, Prostitution 101?  I think I have a better selection of pickup lines in my brain, yikes!This was in no way part of my rating of the hotel, however.  What a night!  I got a really good laugh, that's fo sho.
3	Nope. Didn't care for this place. Way overpriced and overwhelming. No view for $259.00!!?? Nice big room with a whirlpool bath, but no soul. Sorry.
1	This Hotel is very POORLY managed.  They charged my three night stay to the wrong person, although they gave me a reciept for my stay.  They constantly  told two different stories to me and the wrongly charged person.  To resolve the error, they took my credit card information and then four days later said that they never spoke with me and don't know who I could have spoken to or where my credit card information is. It took two months to resolve this issue and they were not really concerned that they were mismanaging sensitive information and improperly charging individuals for hotel stays.  I feel sorry for the guest who was improperly charged for my stay!
5	I'd planned to stay here one night during My Great Tri-State Tour, but ended up here for two nights.  This is an excellent hotel and should be on the cover of that missing but really needed book called How To Build and Run A Hotel For Dummies.High points:* All staff actually acknowledged my existence with a "good morning," etc... even the housekeepers sneaking a smoke near my room,  * Cool-looking modern architecture with big open public spaces, and big-ass room,* Only $129 a night... WTF?* Grassy courtyard just outside the bar,* Free front-row parking in the adjacent uber-mall/stadium parking lot,* $2 Bloody Marys and Negra Modelos in the adjacent uber-mall... OK, I'll save details on that for another establishment's review.Nice work, Renaissance people!
3	I stayed at this hotel for a conference in late January for four nights.  The hotel is fairly new and all areas inside the property were well maintained and spotless.  The gym had brand new equipment and was virtually empty every time I walked by on my way to the pool.  The pool area was nice but nothing special.  There were fluffy towels, plenty of chaise lounges and clean restrooms.  My only issue was that there seemed to be an ant farm in the area to the right of the pool - I didn't notice this until I was bit.  For such a tiny insect, the sting was great enough for me to unleash a string of obscenities while ending the pest's life like the merciless giant I probably was to his ant colony.  I digress.  The room was nice, with a view overlooking the courtyard, a safe to lock our valuables, a mini fridge, flat screen TV and very comfortable beds.  On the first night, we enjoyed a sound sleep with no distractions.  The two nights that followed were a little less peaceful, as our neighbor's alarm could be heard clear as day through the wall, each and every time she (he?) hit snooze or forgot to turn the alarm off altogether.  The bathroom was roomy, but the lack of a makeup mirror was noted by my mom, while the lack of an electrical socket by the mirror in the hallway was noted by me (it's hard enough blow drying and straightening this lion's mane already, with a reflection).  Little amenities like these are missed when they are overlooked.    The best part of the stay?  Finding out the visiting NHL hockey teams stay in the hotel.  Sadly, I missed the parade of beefcakes as they headed out to the waiting bus, as I was finishing up my day in the exhibit hall.  My mom reported that the boys looked adorable dressed in their pre-game suits (wah!).
5	I've gone here twice for wedding receptions and stayed in the hotel on one of those nights.  I've been impressed by the professionalism of the staff.  Also, the hotel is clean and elegant.  I will write a more detailed review later on, but in the interim, I did want to let folks know that the Renaissance should be commended for a job well done.  Thanks for the pleasant stay and for hosting the receptions.
5	My son and I flew to Phoenix for a one night trip to see a Phoenix Coyotes hockey game. I searched for the closest hotel to that venue, and the Glendale Renaissance fit that bill. I first looked on their website for prices, then on a whim decided to look and see what Orbitz could come up with. I ended up with a two queen bed room and a rental car package for way less than $300 so I booked it. I was extremely pleased walking into the hotel and seeing how nice it was. Modern, clean, well appointed, with efficient and friendly staff going out of their way to be helpful. The room was a bit larger than your typical chain hotel room, with a separate bar pantry area with a mini-fridge, cabinet and coffee maker. There was a desk, a dresser, and an HD flat panel TV, along with a chair/ottoman for relaxation. Internet access was available for a fee; around $13. I passed. The bathroom was done on a tile floor/travertine wall tile motif; very nice. Aveda brand soaps and toiletries...nice touch. The beds were very comfortable, and the room was fairly quiet for the most part. It was easy to hear traffic noise from the nearby freeway and shopping center, but it wasn't bad. The hotel has a very nice spa area, a store with a coffee bar (it serves up Starbucks coffee and beverages), as well as a bar area and a restaurant. Room service is available until 11pm, and wasn't exorbitantly expensive. There is a 24 hour fitness room, and a business center. They also offer two kiosks near the registration desk where airline boarding passes can be printed for free. Parking is $5 a day for valet service, or $11 to self park. It is a very short walk to Jobing.com arena, University of Phoenix Stadium, or Westgate Center...a shopping/residential neighborhood that reminded me a bit of Downtown Disney without the Disney. Best of all...there is a Gordon Biersch brewpub nearby, and a HUGE Cabela's less than a mile away! I really recommend this place if you're going to check out a Coyotes game, or even a college or Cardinals football game.
4	The spa is very nice. Clean and spacious with a small steam room, nice showers, and a very relaxing "quiet room." I got a Swedish massage with Monica and it was VERY relaxing. I dozed off at least four times. Aaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhh.....................
4	Stay here over 20 nights a year. Always great. Service and facilities are always superb. Rooms are super comfortable. Located next to Westgate this is the perfect place for a short getaway. Westgate has super restaurants and entertainment. Pool area and spa folks are terrific. Check in, get comfy and have fun.
4	Very nice hotel in Phoenix. It's centrally located within walking distance to breakfast, lunch, dinner, and things to do. I would recommend staying here if you have kids that love swimming pools or if you don't care about cute decor / fancy interiors. Beds are really comfy and rooms are really really dark (with the shades closed).
4	You will not be disappointed in this hotel.  This hotel has beautiful and up-to-date feather.  Fitness Center, hotel bar and grill, and business center are all very nice.Location is king here as the University of Phoenix Stadium and several restaurants are near by.  You can easily walk to get food, go shopping or catch a game.  I would stay here again if I was in the area and would suggest it casual and business travelers as well.
5	I've stayed here several times in the years since it's opened.Most recently my husband and I decided on an impromptu stay after having breakfast at the Saddle Ranch that's a walk away at Westgate.  They currently are running a promotion for $89 a night plus taxes.  I think the whole stay was about $101.  Everything is always clean.  The staff is awesome, and the rooms have always been up to par.  When we stayed in June last year, we were upgraded to a suite for free.  We're always satisfied when staying here, and always miss it when we go home.The pooool is amazing as well!
4	I stayed here for a good friend's valley wedding back in May, and had a great experience here. This place has awesome location next to Westgate, the football stadium, and close to the 101 (super easy to get in and out of). The front desk staff was awesome...super helpful with a million questions we had, friendly, and funny. We ate breakfast 2 mornings while there, and both times were fantastic. The rooms were very nice (still basically brand new). Parking was weird...I think you either had to pay and park in the hotel's garage, or be lucky and find a spot up front in a very limited number of spots (I know you couldn't park in Westgate's lots or you would be towed). The only complaint I had was the lighting in the bathroom wasn't the best (pesky I know). Other than that, everything was great...I definitely recommend others to stay here!
5	Stayed there over the weekend and my wife and I had a great time.  The rooms were immaculate. When we travel we just like to hang out, relax and enjoy the pool and the service. The Pool was very nice, the food was excellent. By far the best food at a hotel I have tasted. The Breakfast Buffet rocks! The lunch was way better then the dinner we had at West Gate right across the way. This place is a hidden secret as far as food goes that is for sure. This place should be rated a 5 Star Hotel.... The way they treat people there is wonderful!...  The spa treatment was off the hook my wife said!
5	The Spa Bontanica was wonderful. Nina was great, she was a spa attendant and helped me with anything I needed. I  asked her for a mimosa and next thing you know there is one waiting for me on a table in the relaxation rooms with a nice note from her. I can honestly say the service is better than the spa at the Biltmore and the facilities are very comparable. The Spa Bontanica is a great place to have a treatment done if you live in the west Valley.
4	I did not stay at the hotel, but I went for an expo in the ballrooms.  The staff that directed us to the ballrooms were nice.  The place is NICE!  Clean, update, and just a great feel.  I see that they have a SPA...  I need to check it out.  =)
4	This is such a great hotel! I love that it's walking distance from the shopping center and the stadium. The breakfast buffet is delicious, and the gym and pools were impressive too!
5	Came here for spa week with Mom and Grammie.  Had the best time ever.  We spent the day after our treatments drinking champagne, eating a delicious lunch and just relaxing.  This spa is truly fabulous - pools, steam room, jacuzzi, beautiful facilities - I highly recommend!  Make a day of it!!
3	This hotel is priced more on the high-end level, and is in a convenient location if you are coming to town for a game, or a convention at the hotel. The rooms are spacious and clean and the beds are comfortable. Rooms are equipped with a decent LG 32 inch TV, and all the HD hookups you need  are easily accessible (Built into the desk) so you can attach your laptop or other HD device.The bathrooms have plenty of space and are laid out nicely. If you have a room with a balcony make sure to not smoke there. As a former smoker, I have gotten dinged with the 250$ fee before. (There are no signs or information saying you can't smoke on the outdoor balcony.)The pool and Jaccuzzi area are very nice. They have an indoor (lap pool) and outdoor pool that has the attached hot tub. The hot tub is very large and could probably fit 20+ people. There is also a bar that's next to the pool. The gym here is nice and has state of the art equipment. Treadmills with the TV's built in, and a nice number of weight machines. Not your usual small dark damp hotel "gym"I have heard the spa here is very nice, but I have not been to it myself. Now starts the complaints about the hotel:The walls in the hotel room I stayed at this last time (7th floor) were paper thin. I could hear the girls talking in the next room the first few nights, and the old guy hacking up a lung in the middle of the night after that. I could also hear loud cars from the street below even though I was on the 7th floor. This seems strange to me for a modern facility that is on the higher end of price scale.I was in town for business, and during this time the Blackhawks were playing the Coyotes. Now the room get's Versus (NBC Sports network) but when the game was on, whether it was being played next door, or in Chicago, they would black out the game in the room...and make you go downstairs to the bar so you basically had to spend more money to watch it. Normally this wouldn't be a problem, but I had been working 12 hours for a convention here in the hotel, and still had work to do so I wanted to relax in my room and watch the game. I was saddened when I found out that my plans were ruined. When I called the front desk 2 times (on different days) They acted like they didn't know what I was talking about.
4	I stayed at a Marriott over 100 nights last year and I have to say this is one of my favorites. They do not have the best views but the staff is insanely friendly and they will do whatever they can to make sure you have a good stay.The hotel food is obviously expensive but it is good and convenient. There are quuite a few restaurants within walking distance of the hotel and it is right near the highway so you can get wherever you need to go quickly.It is literally right next to U. of Phoenix Stadium so I can only imagine this place on game day but any other time it is great for either business or pleasure.
4	I was here for work not too long ago and boy are they nice. I worked with the staff to reserve the bar area in the lobby and let me tell you, they were on it all night until the early morning. I can't give them a 5 star since they are of course a spa as well and I didn't get to try it but I'm sure I will the next time I'm in town.People say location location location is key and if you stay here you will have everything walking distance away for you. Especially in that heat, you're going to want to stay somewhere close to the shopping center and arena (if you're there for an event). It's right across the parking lot!You definitely have my recommendation to stay here. Their staff is awesome and so is their service. The rooms are large and nicely decorated as well! Watch out with WiFi though, it's about $13 bucks a night. Yikes!
4	Spent only one night here this past weekend. It is in perfect walking distance to Westgate. We spent the 1st day having lunch, movies, drinks and very late dinner at the nearby places (see my Margaritaville review).  Luckily we were given a late check out and we were able to walk the grounds the 2nd day and enjoy the pool.  The breakfast buffet was reasonably priced too. Next time I think we will spend more time at the hotel and less time at Westgate. Not sure what convention was going on, but there wasn't a person there under age of 65.  We didn't mind because we knew they wouldn't be causing a "ruckus" all night.  We were the youngsters there even in our mid 40's. Beautiful hotel, large hallways, room was nice with comfy beds. In fact so comfy, hubby and I slept in separate beds!  Best sleep ever...after 23 yrs married, yeah we can appreciate our own space.Next Stay-cation, we might check out the downtown Renaissance.
4	Great Hotel, stayed here for a single night during Saboten Con, very comfortable rooms and hotel staff were friendly and helpful even despite the somewhat hectic and bizarre events occurring during the convention. The room was clean and had very nice accommodations. You pay more to stay here, but you also get more, its worth it if you have the cash to burn for comfort. They also use Aveda products for the complimentary shampoos and soaps, which is a really nice touch imo.
5	Excellent spot. Can't get any closer to the Cardinales stadium. Clean- great service- fantastic gym
5	This is by far one of my favorite hotels....and I stay in hotels quite frequently it seems.  The Renaissance is a gem in this part of Glendale.  I've stayed here at least seven or eight different times and each time it has been great.  I stayed here last week when I was back in the area checking out jobs and again, it didn't disappoint.  The hotel itself has a lot of perks/amenities/whatever you want to call them.  There's a convention center for business, a nice and fun bar, outdoor seating and a fire pit, a spa, a super nice fitness center with brand new equipment, a lap pool, and outdoor pool, jacuzzi, outdoor bar, and the list goes on.  There's also a parking garage and valet parking for whatever mood you're in.  If you stay here you want to stay in a room with a balcony preferrably overlooking the Westgate area (north) or the pool because I stayed in one that faced the UOP stadium and it wasn't the best scenery.  This is a perfect place to stay if you are in town for a Cardinals game or hockey, or if you are like me and a die hard Parrothead and want to stumble back from Margaritaville in your grass skirt and hula shirt.  (I don't really have a grass skirt).  One of the things that has always been consistent with The Renaissance is the customer service.  Everyone from the front desk, to the bar, to the room service, to the cleaning people....everyone is always very genuine and friendly.  They also have great room service.  Everything from chicken wings, to burgers, to healthy stuff and it's always prompt and not too expensive.  I think you get the point.  Definitely a must-stay if you are in the area.
5	This is a very nicely appointed hotel.  If I ever have to be back in Glendale this is where I would stay.  Lots of things nearby to pass the time (Bars, restaurants, CABELAS!) and right next to the stadium.  Very nice place.
2	This is regarding the spa.I was there with my sis in law to get massages. I can't complain about my massage, it was just fine. The spa is good enough for they type of hotel it's in and the hotel itself seems nice, but we were the only two in the spa that day and I noticed hair in the sinks and hair and pieces of toilet paper on the floor in the bathroom. I could understand this if it was a busy day, but it was just us.  There were cobwebs in the lighting and a big spider web under the railing on the huge staircase you need to go down in order to get to the ladies locker room. Also, they just offer water and maybe a bit of fruit in the lounge. Coffee and tea would have been a welcome addition. There is a sauna but no jacuzzi within the ladies locker room. You have to climb the annoying staircase to go back up to get to the pool and spa outside. I was looking forward to spending my day poolside, but they were doing some work and jack hammering next to the pool so we just left.Check out took way too long.
4	Went to a party held at a conference room.  The food was excellent for the party.  The best part had to be the flat iron steak.  The meat was so tender that a steak knife was not needed.  A simple butter knife cut the meat.  Excellent for a flat iron steak.  The sauce gave it a nice flavor and had to be the best dish we had. Yes we had chicken and mushrooms, salads with balsamic, pasta, and vegetables, but the steak was the 5 star of the night.  Drink service was ok, Sierra Mist and vodka came in at $8.  For $8 I was hoping for 7up or sprite at least?  Oh well besides the disappointment for the cost and warm soda melting my ice the party was a success.  Check this place out next time you have to have a large conference room for a party.
4	I've never stayed here before, but I've attended a couple of events in the conference area and used the parking lot for Coyotes games.  Some thing you should know....Self parking garage costs $$$, so does valet.  It varies based on the event, so be sure to check ahead of time.The hotel lobby and amenities are nice for attending a conference.  Their meeting rooms are spacious and well appointed.  Their staff is well trained and helpful too.Although I haven't stayed in the rooms, I recommend this place to friends and family who visit from out of town to watch Coyotes & Cardinals games because it's so convenient to the Arena/Stadium.  They've always been happy with their stay, so I continue to recommend.One of these days I will take my own advice and stay there on a game weekend, perhaps next Fiesta Bowl...?Return Factor - 80%
5	My favorite hotel when visiting Phoenix area.  Walking distance to Jobing.com arena, and the staff is second to none! The price is not cheap, but you get great service, a great night's rest, and accessible to everything you need.You can go cheap and park out in the "Outlets" for free, but the valet has in/ out privileges, they're reasonably fast, and all for $15 a night.Great group sales department, and very accommodating.Highly recommended, but ask for a room facing the Cardinal Stadium if you're a light sleeper
3	I was here attending a business conference, lots of us military types everywhere. So this review is for the restaurant itself. I was kinda taken aback initially when I presented myself at the restaurant expecting a large gathering of officers. However the place was basically empty and my party of four wasn't the least bit worried about the quality of food or service. We ordered our lunches and they were served to us individually when our meal was prepared rather then to all of us at one time. In all, from the first meal served to the last meal served a lapse of 10 minutes had passed. We thought it was really bizarre and especially so as the place was basically empty of customers and we had ordered from their lunch menu.Overall, the food experience was what one expects from a hotel, nothing extraordinary. Thankfully the lunch menu was priced decently. I suppose we should have taken the hint and dined elsewhere but when with friends you rarely see it wasn't a priority. However, I think it the future I would dine elsewhere at a nearby restaurant.
4	We did not stay in the hotel, so I cannot review the rooms. They are located in the Glendale Westgate Entertainment District, which looks like it could be a fun place to hang on the weekend. We went to the hotel for the Outliars Comedy Club show. The show was held on a small stage in the restaurant. The hotel was very nice, and we were presently surprised to find that we did not have to pay for parking in the garage on a Saturday night. Drinks range from $3 to $8, and the staff was very attentive. They have a full menu available, and snacks at about $4. The salsa on the chips and salsa plate was very good. The show was a lot of fun too!
5	We had stayed at competitor hotels and resorts in the past.  Had always been booked when we tried to go to a football game.  This time we made an early reservation and got a fair price.  A little more than other hotels in the immediate area.  We arrived and we greeted by very nice staff members at the desk.  They quickly gave us our keys and directed us to the ninth floor.  We went up to our room and were immediately taken aback.  The room had a balcony overlooking the stadium.  Very comfy and clean as a whistle.  The hotel is very spacious and obviously well maintained.  We headed down to the pool, a nice sized pool but not on the style of Vegas.  The bar tender, Melissa was really nice.  Made absolutely great drinks! This hotel is located in short walking distance to all kinds of restaurants and bars.  Thus the restaurants and bars in the hotel are empty.Our second day at the hotel is game day.  We stroll down to the pool early and get a couple of spots.  As the day rolls on the pool area fills up, mostly with middle aged folks getting charged up for the game.  The bar tender was running her tail off.  A disc jockey shows up and begins playing, what the group of us in the pool referred to as ghetto house party rap.  The hotel should really look into a more appropriate disc jockey.Having stayed at other Renaissance properties I feel this is one of the tops!
1	I stayed at the Renaissance Glendale for a conference and experienced problems from the beginning. The hotel is beautiful, but the customer service of the hotel employees was so disappointing and offensive that I left with no desire to ever set foot in the hotel again.My stay was in late August 2013 and was scheduled because I was attending a conference for work. The drama started when I called the 1-800 Marriott number to confirm my reservation and was told that only one of my two reserved rooms was actually confirmed. I requested that they review the recording of my original call since "calls may be recorded for quality assurance" but I was told that was simply untrue and they could not possibly record calls.It was my word against theirs that I booked two rooms and, 45 minutes later, the customer service rep compromised with me and booked a second room for me at DOUBLE the original rate and indicated that she would send a message to directly to the hotel to ask them to honor the conference rate at which my rooms were both originally booked. I was released from the call with the promise of an answer from the actual hotel management within 5 business days.To my surprise, I received a personal email from the Assistant Front Office Manager, Lisa, the very next business day in which she assured me that my reservation was confirmed for both rooms at the conference rate. I was relieved and eager to visit the hotel!Upon arrival, I was informed that I had a No-Show fee for a THIRD ROOM. When I indicated that I only booked 2 rooms, I was told that I was wrong. I relayed the history of my reservation issues, and the customer service associate proceeded to check me in to my 2 rooms. Because only half of my party was present, a stapled chunk of scrap paper was shoved in front of me, and I was directed to write down everyone's name in my party. I asked why, and was informed that, in the event phone calls were received, they needed to know names. Given the keys, I went up to the rooms and found them to be quite lovely. They were clean, spacious, and even contained a mini fridge. The 2 rooms were on opposite sides of the hallway and on opposite ends of the hotel but on the same floor. One room had a large window which framed the University of Phoenix football stadium. The other room had a balcony with a view of Westgate City Center...well, it's parking lot.The reasons for the 1-star review started on night two when I received an overdraft fee notice from my bank.  The hotel made 3 nearly $400 authorizations on my debit card...and, it turned out, an additional charge for nearly $150.  For two days, I fought with the hotel to get the appropriate charges on my card.  On check-out day, I received receipts for $510.  I left the building, however, with more than $1300 debited out of my account...I spoke with a rude customer service rep, Diana, and the Assistant Front Office Manager, Lisa, but my efforts were futile as they were unable to tell me why so much was charged to my card, except to say that it was a billing error.  They did NOT apologize, however, and Diana even took the time to talk over me argue with me instead of try to resolve the issues.  After my 3-night stay, I left the Renaissance Glendale and headed to my bank.  At my bank, the banker was unable to find anything on my account regarding the aforementioned refund or anything other than the $1200 charge and the $135 charge. I discussed my rights regarding fraud with my banker and am pursuing the resolutions that are available to me.The Renaissance Glendale is a nice hotel. The rooms are beautiful. The customer service and billing practices are, frankly, so despicable, that I cannot, in good conscious, recommend this hotel to anyone. What they offer in facilities and amenities is so overshadowed by their lack of respect or care for their customers, that I feel unethical even giving a 1/5 rating.
3	Was here for Saboten last weekend. Good place to hold a convention. Didn't stay at the hotel so I can't tell you about that, but it's nice enough to where I would recommend it if someone needed a place to stay in that area.
5	I loved this hotel.  When I walked in I thought I might have gotten a suite though it turned out the rooms were just large and included a sitting area, king size bed, and a large Jacuzzi tub.Everything about the place was above average.  The staff was nice and attentive, the restaurants were decent and not overly priced, it is located next to a mall with tons of night life, the pool was enjoyable and on Saturday afternoon, they had a live DJ spinning music outside.I'd have no problem recommending this place to anyone visiting the area.
5	Good clean hotel...I work at a hotel and I was pleased with the hotel overall...nice spacious lobby, clean room decent size with a desk flat screen and balcony....location is prime for the game...shower pressure was a little weak however that is bearable
2	I recently stayed in this hotel for a second time. I attend a yearly convention that just moved to this location last year and neither time was I very impressed. The staff I spoke with were generally patient but were rather cold and almost condescending at times. Worse than that, after I checked out my nightly room deposit was not returned to me (I just called and was told it should be posted by tomorrow, so hopefully that works out). When I called to ask about it, they did see that a mistake had been made, but the amount I was to receive was $7 and some change short. When I asked why, they told me it was because they hadn't charged me the full amount of my room when I checked in, so they made up the difference using the deposit I had put down. When I asked why this had happened, I was told "sometimes the computer messes up" and "I can't tell you." I have put many years of my young working life into retail and even I know that when you don't charge the customer the right amount, that is your fault. Just on principle I was a little miffed to not be getting my $7 back, but I am thankful the loss wasn't any bigger... I hope no one experiences that, so I am posting my story here so others may be aware. The quality of the rooms is pretty good for the price. The suites are lovely and spacious - best part is the giant room with the huge spa tub. The coffee bar is also quite good and the baristas are fast workers. There are some positive points to this hotel but I'm not eager to stay here again any time soon.
4	Amazing location! We went to a Cardinals game and literally were able to walk to the stadium. The hotel is very chic. Staff was friendly, accommodating and helpful. We had arrived early on game day and they had a waiting list of people for early checking and they were able to help my 60 year old mom to a room while we went to the game! The beds are amazing and the room was tidy. The shower had adequate water pressure. They do serve Starbucks coffee downstairs in their cafe and have free wifi. They had multiple big screens in the lounge and so we were able to watch SNF( loved it)! The only bad experience we had was valet parking was $15 (which isn't bad for a location near a high venue spot) and I paid the bellman directly and then the next day it was added to my checkout bill- they did fix it right away! So don't pay the valet directly just tip them! Oh and before I forget there is an outlet mall, theatre, and plenty if restaurants nearby!
4	Not bad at all ! Annual awards where held in the ballroom and the food was great. The atmosphere was good but it was a bit warm inside other than that it was a great night.
5	One word: impeccable. The staff is super friendly, the room was beautiful, you can order room service after a night of drinking .... What more can you ask for :)
1	This hotel is supposed to be so nice. I live about 8 miles away and decide to book a room instead of driving home to enjoy the evening, have some drinks and walk to my accommodations. They were very busy but gave me a room at a "discounted" rate (still cost over 200$ with fees and tax). I was pleased with how the room looked, but later when trying to sleep ALL NIGHT I heard clunking and clanking SO LOUD. It lasted the entire night. The following morning I called the front desk and her reply was VERY snotty and said "you know you could of called last night"  , what good would that do me being they were sold out?! They plan to offer me a sofa in the lobby? Then she said that she would send someone up to check it out. That does me no good since I was about to check out. Then she called back and said their engineer WAS AWARE of this issue and it was from the elevator shaft being there. So they are aware this room is NOT FIT for customers yet they book it anyways without telling me it sounds like you're getting an MRI all night?! The front desk girl took 100$ off and promised the manager would call me. This was two days ago and still no word from the manager. I am really upset they charged me anything considering I did not sleep and was not comfortable all night. I have tons of friends and family that travels here and I hang at Westgate all the time, needless to say I won't ever recommend this hotel. So disappointed!!!!***I do not know how to reply to the statement left by the manager. I will add it here.I was not compensated for my stay, I still paid over 100$ for the night. I was promised a call from a manager since she told me all she could do was deduct some money off my bill. I never got a call from management as promised. I would give this place another try if the issue was properly taken care of. The fact that I paid for a loud sleepless night at all is what is upsetting to me, then promised to have the issue taken care of by management which also never happened. I am still waiting for the phone call.
4	My husband and I wanted to book a hotel around CamelBack Ranch for the Dodgers Spring training over Valentine's weekend so we decided to pay a little extra and book a room at the Renaissance Hotel. When we first arrived on Friday night the first thing that caught my attention was the smell of the lobby. It smelled clean and had a slight perfume scent. The lobby had a waterfallish/fountain in the middle which added onto the elegance of the hotel.  We got the standard room on the 3rd floor with a balcony (which is great for my husband since he's a smoker, He didn't have to go down and outside to do this smelly deed, LOL) right next to the elevator. The room itself was clean and spacious and the bed was actually comfy. The had plenty of comfy pillows to swallow yourself in. I know this sounds weird but the room was always at the perfect temperature. Normally at hotels, it either gets to hot or cold but the room was always at a comfortable 71 degrees. The hotel is a short car ride away from Camel Back ranch and across the street from the outlets and next to plenty of restaurants within walking distance. The only downside was the how thin the walls were, I could hear our neighbors and the people outside. There was some type of cheerleader convention so there was a lot of teenage girls running around and we could hear them from the courtyard from our balcony and outside of our room. I wish they had more fast dinning options. In the morning I wanted to grab a quick sandwich and bring it up to my room because I didn't want to wait for room service so I went downstairs to the restaurant and asked if they offer togo, in which the lady at the front said no but there was a coffee shop on the other side of the bar. I went to the coffee shop and ordered the wrap that I saw on the menu, but they informed me they didn't have anything but the pastry items. For some reason they charged my card twice and refunded the original charge, so be sure to ask for a receipt. Oh and do not get the oatmeal.In conclusion, definitely staying here again for Spring Training next year and recommend it for others!
4	We checked in Friday for the hockey games that were to be held Saturday and Sunday. The front desk staff were nice as well as informative. The hotel was absolutely beautiful so my husband and I were very satisfied.  We decided to go down to the bar for a few drinks before the game Saturday and was instantly greeted by the most friendly and polite bartenders, Marcey and Lindsey. I'm not much of a drinker, so I was happy that there was a list of cocktails for me to choose from. They used fresh fruit which made it even more enjoyable. We went to the game then after decided to go back and visit our wonderful bartenders again for some late night dinner. They were more than happy to accommodate us and we had a lovely meal. The only complaint was our room was a little small for our liking but overall had a great stay.
1	My cousin and I booked appointments at the spa at this hotel for spa week.  We made the reservations  over a month in advance.  When they called the day before our appointments as a reminder, the appointments were incorrect.  They were not able to fix them the way they should have been, but did manage to find something we could live with even thought it meant getting there much earlier than we wanted.  On the day of the appointments, we were in the car driving there when they called and cancelled one of out appointments.  They were not able to book anything else that day that would work for us and did not offer to have us come at another day for the same price or anything at all to try to appease us. I would never even try to go back here - they are clearly not dependable, and they have a really bad attitude for a spa.
1	This past weekend we came to glendale and stayed at the Renaissance Phoenix Glendale Hotel & Spa. We were there for friday and saturday night.While the people were nice, there were many problems with a hotel I was spending 260$ a night on and 15$ a day for valet parking. I was very disappointed in my stay and the value. Here are the problems listed below.- Valet was understaffed. While they were very nice, it appeared that the valet and the bell people were one in the same. There never appeared to be more than one or 2 at a time and sometimes no one was there to get the car or take it for up to 10 minutes. This is a long time when you are paying for this service. We could have parked and walked from the parking lot during this length of time. It was extremely frustrating especially when we had engagements to be at. - We paid for a nice balcony room and couldnt use the balcony. There were SO MANY FLIES on the balcony that it was disgusting and totally unusable. When you opened the door they would FLOOD into the room. This was frustrating and made it impossible to sit and enjoy the evening on the balcony.- The noise was terrible. It was unbelievable how LOUD things were at the hotel. You could hear everything said in the adjacent rooms as if they were next to you. There were kids screaming all day as apparently there was dance competition in town. However, no one told us that and one would think, when paying 260$ for a basic room, that we would be separated from the conference people full of kids. It made it so we didnt WANT to be anywhere near the hotel throughout the day. It was frustrating.- The toilet was louder than hades. For some reason when you flushed the toilet it squealed VERY loudly when refilling. It was so loud that it drowned out the TV! Additionally it lasted for 5-7 minutes EVERY time. When calling about it were were told they were ALL that way. If that was not bad enough each adjacent room was the same and you could HEAR it from them as well.- The TV was a miniature. When spending 260$ for a room i expect to have an excellent TV in the room. However this was NOT the case. It was TINY. Additionally the picture was not good at all. Really, this just isnt acceptable today.- The check out on the TV didnt work at all. When i tried to check out from the room it simply froze and didnt work. Really?- The online TV survey through the menu function ALSO didnt work. There was no way to rate the hotel when you go through the menu because the survey though the TV menu DIDNT WORK EITHER! Unreal.- Room service took FAR too long. At 1030 at night we ordered a quesadilla with soda, ice creme and a piece of cheesecake. We were quoted 45 minutes. REALLY? we could have walked to the restaurants in westgate, ate them and been back by then. Just not acceptable.
1	Do not waste your time and money on Spa Botanica at Renaissance Hotel when you can go to a much nicer resort spa for the same price. The facial and pedicure were below average. I was left just sitting with masks on and eyes covered for several minutes at a time. When I tried to talk (because I need to know what is going on) the esthetician replied with "just relax." I felt that was very rude and was left to guess as to what was going on my face. She was probably on her phone or just staring at me in silence. All I know is it smelled like antibacterial soap and I was creeped out. The lounge and facility reminded me of a gym or golf club locker room. The blow dryers are the small, cheap wall mounts like you'd find in a motel and the vanities are so dark you cannot apply makeup there.  This was disappointing since I had planned on a nice steam, shower, blow dry, and doing my make up. I couldn't do any of that. 2 of the 4 showers only have scalding hot water.  I didn't want to use the handicap stall, so I could only use the one shower everyone else was using. The steam room blows enough hot steam to kill a person and does not shut off once it's going.  When we went to the spa pool, the bar tender lied and said her margarita mix was fresh. We later saw the bar where our drinks come from and watched her make the drinks with store bought mix. There was a discrepancy on my bill, which I called and left a message about 4 days ago and I still have not received a call back. Everything is lacking at this spa. The massage was good, but my therapist pitched her other job at another facility the whole time. She repeated the website 3 times to make sure I remembered it. I don't know if she was trying to help me or help herself with that solicitation. I think she was genuinely nice, but I would hope she doesn't do that to everyone. Try the Sanctuary, Boulders, Joya Spa at Montelucia, Camelback Inn, the Phoenician, or the Biltmore if you are looking for a good spa experience. I would never go back to Spa Botanica at Renaissance Hotel in Glendale. Sorry for this review, Spa Botanica.  If you had called me back, you would have had the opportunity to make this right.
5	Pretty pricey but well worth it. My husband and I decided we wanted to get away for a night and we chose The Renaissance because of the location and the pictures we saw online. We were not dissapointed! The room was spacious and very clean, would definitely use again!
3	This hotel was nice. It had everything you need.The pool was big and wasn't too bad. Food was a plenty since you are right next to the Westgate plaza although the food may be more pricey than usual. But there's always Carl's Jr. down the street too.Good place to stay if you are staying over night for a concert or a game at the UoP Stadium next door.
3	Well, my stay here was truly relaxing! Except the fact that the food was a bit expensive... Good job!
5	Me and my family stayed here this past weekend to watch 49ers play the Cards. Have to say it was great being RIGHT across the street from the UofP stadium and like 50 steps from the westgate city center! This is home to numerous restaurants and bars. And also across street is an outlets mall! So worth the extra $30 or so more a night than hotels few blocks away (I booked it super early though). It was very nicely appointed hotel. Clientele seems bit more "classy" I would say. Seems like lots of conventions go on here, so lots of business folk. Rooms were decent, bed was soft, lots of pillows, and ok size bathroom. Room service was good. Had breakfast and dinner and both were yummy. So really no complaints at all here. Definitely will stay here again when 49ers come to town! Also cool how the lobby is happening w drinks and DJ on game day!
4	I was pleasantly surprised with the quality and customer-focus of the Renaissance. From Jordan at the front desk to the parking attendants, to the housekeeping team, the staff exceeded expectations and created a very welcoming and professional atmosphere. The hotel common areas and my room were uncommonly clean. My only two minor complaints were (1) a bed that was too firm for my liking (a personal preference, I realize), and (2) paying for wi-fi, which was minor considering the inexpensive rate. I will go out of my way to stay here again, next time I'm in the Phoenix area.
5	4 star rated hotel online and for this market I concur.The hotel decor and ambiance is unmatched in the west valley. The rooms are large and I got a great deal on Priceline for $88 including all taxes. Comfortable bed, decent sized desk, chaise lounge in my king room with a balcony. Bathroom with marble detail and small divider wall by toilet. Shower pressure was the best I have ever experienced in any hotel, believe me I've been to many hotels and never had even close to such pressure.They have several restaurants and cafe to suit your needs and im walking distance to westgate area with lots of additional food options.Parking is free and convenient. Service is A+
5	If you are attending a cardinals game, don't stay anywhere else! This place was fabulous!! Enjoyed preface cocktails in the lobby lounge then walked across the parking lot to the stadium. This was our 24th NFL stadium and one of the best to date!! After the game we, walked back to the hotel and right outside the front entrance is an entertainment center with great bars and restaurants. Full of people from the game. What a great time. Truly a great find! They even extended a late check out the next day. All the staff were gracious and into their team! Very fun atmosphere.
4	Stayed here last night. Real nice hotel. Great customer service. The hotel restaurant had a fabulous breakfast buffet.  I would stay here again.
5	We are local and had to stay at a hotel due to a house emergency repair. We were very pleasantly surprised about how comfortable and welcome we felt at this hotel. All of the staff is super friendly and the food at the bar and restaurants is amazingly good!  Beds in the rooms are super comfy and we enjoyed hanging at the bar after Coyote game!  Definitely a great stay and would recommend to anyone needing to stay in this location...close to great shopping and sports activities
5	Last night we stayed at the Renaissance hotel and spa. We're locals, but every once in a while we like to stay at a hotel rather than risk drinking and driving. We've probably driven by this hotel a hundred times, but until we won a stay here on Priceline, never gave it much thought. This is a nice hotel! The decor fits the hotel's style and the location is perfect if your in the area for a game or concert. The rooms are clean (Anthony from Hotel Impossible would be pleased) and the staff is on top of it. When we first checked in, we had a minor issue with the charging station in our room, but maintenance showed up within 15 mins or less to address the issue. On a side note, the guy who showed up to fix the problem in our room, ran into us later in the lobby and asked if his repair was acceptable. That's good service!Later on, while having a few drinks at the hotel's bar, we had the opportunity to meet Chip Cary, the hotel's manager. He's a very personable guy, and extremely hands on with his department heads. After talking with him for a while, we could tell he's very passionate about this hotel and the guest's experience. The hotel seems to benefit from that passion and so does the staff working for him. Everywhere we went throughout the hotel, the staff had a cheery disposition and asked us how our stay was going. That evening, while waiting for our ride, a staff member came over and chatted with me and my girlfriend. We had our service dog with us, but he asked if it was okay to pet the dog before he approaching it. I'm not positive of his name, but I think it was William. He appeared to be a rooms or front desk manager.  There again, another staff member exceeded our expectations.Last but not least, this morning I enjoyed a cup of coffee in their coffee shop. That's where I meet Matt. I'm not sure what his position was because I saw him walking around the lobby checking on various things, I can only assume he was the morning manager. Again, great guy! Extremely courteous, asked how my stay was, and if I needed anything. This hotel made us feel important, we will be back and refer them business!!!
4	I was disappointed with the Club Level (experience), but Juan again was exceptional!
4	The hotel is average but avoid the Jr Suites! A quiet sitting room adjoins the bedroom and the bedroom wraps the elevator shaft! In general he rooms are "standard" but a bit drab/dated. The dark interior lobby(s)...there are multi levels...are connected by escalators. The meeting rooms are in the sub subterranean levels which translates to no cell/internet service in the lowest level meeting room. When the escalators aren't working..oh well!
4	The hotel is close enough to the Avondale and right near the Renaissance Glendale Hotel & Spa subway stop. I opted for a cab to The Field Hotel which costs about some bucks.
5	I was here, on a non sports weekend, for the Christmas holiday.  They treated us like gold.  Staff available and friendly.  My king suite, an upgrade, was the most spacious and well appointed I have seen at a Marriott in a long time.  Huge Jacuzzi tub.  Food was superb.  Shout out to Sue in the restaurant...she makes you feel like you are in a specialty home bistro.  Portions are large and a great value.I'll be back next holiday!  Elegant but not pretentious.
