4	All your favorite stores with a kids play area and ever changing food court. JC Penney's Macy's and Sears, Dillard's anchor the mall with everything in between. Lots of events and very little crowd issues. Lots of great sales-you have to keep your eyes open.
4	Clean but very strong collection of anchor stores like JC Penny and Dillards and other stores like Hot Topic and such. The economy has driven a few stores (like the jewelry purveyors) out of business, but the kids play area and massage chairs add a nice touch for families. Scott's right about the ever-changing food court, it isn't so bad, all things considered.
4	Even with decreased traffic this place is packed to the hilt on the weekends. If you have children of any age and live in the area, this is the place to be. T-Mobile just opened a store here, too. Prices aren't moving much, but I do not expect a serious change, either. I suppose anything that was going to fold already did, and those that are left can stay for a while because they are well capitalized: See's Candies, Hot Topic, Sears/JCPenny/Macy's/Dillards, Fredericks of Hollywood and the other famous lingerie shop that shall remain nameless...best thing about this place is the massage chairs all seem to work (best buck you'll spend all day) and on the first floor in the center of the mall is a blood pressure station (116/60-something Yeah Baybee!)
2	The size of this place is ridiculously small. The only things I come here for are the sports stores, Johnny Rockets, and Sees really. I also like Dillards, but highly prefer the one at the Fashion Show. There is not much to say about Meadows Mall; it has very few stores and you can be done window shopping through the entire place in 10 minutes. The food court has plenty of seating and the mall is clean, but small mall, small stores, little variety.
4	Pros:Middle of the lane mall. Doesn't have the overly cosmopolitan/snobby feel of the Fashion Show and Forum Shops, doesn't have the tourist bullshit of the Miracle Mile, not as ghetto fabulous as the Boulevard. Inexpensive.SPENCERS!Holds(or held) a lot of childhood memories for me.Cons:Has a lot of the same stores as the Boulevard, but not as good a selection.Was a lot better when I was a kid.Weird location that's in a kind of depressing neighborhood.
2	This place used to be one of my favorite malls. But like the Boulevard Mall, the years have not been kind to it. The selection of stores here is only average. Too many places in here closed down in recent years. With both Suncoast and FYE gone, there is no music/movie store whatsoever. A major blow. Numerous stores all around have gone. The suite that once hosted the arcade is something different EVERY SIX MONTHS (I'm not making this up!) Also, contrary to recent rumors, Cash 4 Chaos DOES NOT HAVE A STORE IN HERE. If they did, it was short-lived and is long gone now. The layout is the standard "two story" design, and it's not overly large so you won't get lost. However, I don't like the way the food court is set up, with some of it forming a "wall" of sorts between it and some shops that are on the same size as the food court. If you're not hungry you could easily miss the stores that are on the same side as the food court. Food selection is average for a mall, however, they did recently open a Johnny Rockets (why, oh why, couldn't they open one in a better mall!?)Like the Boulevard, this mall isn't really in a great part of town either, though the location isn't NEARLY as bad as that mall's. However the location is far tougher to get to due to all the traffic in the area (it's just off the freeway, and not far from the infamous Spaghetti Bowl.) Only check this place out if you're in the area. It has gone downhill perhaps more than any other mall in the valley.
3	This mall is only great in that it is so far away from the strip that you can actually shop here like a local, normal person without fear of being trampled or incinerated by the sun. (It still feels like a greenhouse during hotter days.)  It's got regular mall store selection -- Anchor department stores like Macy's and Dillards, Electronics like GameStop, and about three Sport Hat Depots.  It's for people who don't want to make the trip and face the tourists in the Strip-centric shops.    Even though it has plenty of businesses, it can still feel bare in certain sections.   I am very sad because I thought there was a store here that did ridiculous airbrushed tees with scenes like "Stewie from Family Guy, only he's smoking a giant blunt."  I can't imagine how this store went Chapter 11.  Anyway, my sorrow for missing a purchasing opportunity should not distract from the general fact that this is definitely the mall you should visit if you want a normal, non-tourist-frenzied shopping experience.  Let's hope they put a Cinnabon in where the airbrush place was, it'd be rather fitting.
4	This is my go-to mall because of its convenience and the fact that it has been around since I was a 5th grader with no money.The stores in this typically stay the same, but I will say that I think there have been many changes just in the past few years. The most notable would be the addition of the super large Forever 21 and the constant changes in the food court. There is no longer a boba vendor or the Great Philly Cheese Steak. There is now a froyo place downstairs near JCPenney's though.The one and only bad incident that I've ever experienced here was when I went this past Saturday (06/26/10). I accidentally left my Victoria Secret and Bath & Body bags in the dressing room for 5 minutes and when I came back to retrieve them, they were gone! Thieves!!! It was partly my fault, but I wish they would have dropped it off at the counter. They knew it wasn't theirs! I became thoroughly disgusted with humanity at that point. But, as you can see, I am partly over it now and making progress.... Kinda.Nonetheless, this is a great mall. It is a 2-story mall with a variety of stores. One store, though, makes me laugh just by the title. It's called Swagga. If any of you guys happen to go to Meadows and into that store, let me know how it is.
3	Today was the first time I've been to Meadows Mall in years. When I first drove into the mall there was a sign that said something like "Take, Hide, and Lock ". I was like ..ugh is stealing that bad around here? I thought it's common sense so I won't let that deter me from finding some good deals. There were tons of sales today in the mall in the few stores I went into. I stopped by JC Penny, Bath & Body Works, Agaci and Charlotte Russe. There was a lot of buy one get one free ...buy one get one for a $1.00. I would have stayed longer if hunger didn't strike. One Thing that got me excited: They have a mini Sephora store inside of JC Pennys. Yay! Sometimes I just don't have time to trek all the way to the Miracle Mile.
4	If I had my choice between this one & the Blvd. Mall, I'd go here- more stores, less empty spots. Recent additions include Sephora in JCPenney, lower level (YAY!), Yo Fresco lower level, close to JCP, and Johnny Rockets in the food court, 2nd level. The "As Seen On TV" store is now in the old music/video store, on the 2nd floor, across from the food court. Macy's, Dillards, JCPenney, & Sears are the department stores. Out of the four major malls (Galleria, Blvd. & Fashion Show), I don't believe that this one has valet parking. Unlike the Blvd. Mall, this one has the Disney Store, Spencer's, Picture People, As Seen On TV, Dillards, TCBY, Johnny Rockets, Sephora, Men's Wearhouse, NY & Co, No Fear, See's Candies, Surf City Squeeze, Hallmark, Tilly's, Hollister, Toys R Us,  White Barn Candle Co, & Villa Pizza, to name a few. There's a Bank of America ATM near the Dillards entrance, lower level. Opens at 7 am for mall walkers. Mostly locals shop here. Right off the 95 freeway. There's a Target store and Big Lots store up the street @ Decatur/Meadows. Across the way is a Dollar Tree- a good one.
3	I like Meadows mall. When I first moved here and was living @ the Orleans this was the closest mall to me that I found. I really liked that it had dillards and macy's and a sephora. (the galleria 2 min. from  my house does not.) The only prob. is the sephora is inside JCP so it means limited but enough to get your sephora on. My prob. with this place is you cant go 30 seconds without a salesperson asking you if everything is ok.  While i agree I dont think its right to completely ignore your customers but I also dont think its necessary to bug them 8 times in literally a 5 minute span. If anything that makes me think that you either a) dont think I can afford anything here and need help trying to find something that I can or b) you think I stole something and you're constantly watching my every move or c) you ARE watching my every move so that I dont steal something. In either case, please dont be a bug a boo. B/c of this constant bugging I walked out and decided not to buy anything after all and ordered online - yes simply to get the free little samples of different perfumes. I LOVE THOSE. bc/ they fit so nicely in your purse and you get to try them on you skin -which always reacts differently than just spraying it on a piece of paper. This is how I've found several new scents that I love. My recent discoveries are:Flower bomb. Suprisingly spicy scent. I would never have liked otherwise.Hanna Mori - my bf likes this one a lotVersace -bright crystal  i really really like this scent BUT it came in the bottle = not spray version. so it seems like it wears off very very easily. I'm afraid to carry this one in my purse b/c it will spill out ..thats what happened with my Tocca - (stella) ..man i loved that one too.and last but not least. Vivari Pucci. wow. ugly name great scent. if you have the patience, which i really rare do - Order online even if you have one  in your city- just to try the neat lil things they send along. i go for the scents. everything else is crap.
3	There are so many other shopping choices in Vegas.  This mall is not high on my list, but since it's the closest mall to the Northwest part of Las Vegas, where I live, I shop here two or three times a year.  This past weekend, I was searching for a UNLV Football Jersey.  Because I didn't want to drive all the way across town, I stopped here.Here's the breakdown of the mall from my perspective:PROS- It's conveniently located off US-95 and can be accessed via two exits, Valley View Blvd or Decatur.- There is a parking area on the North part of the mall that has the fewest number of cars and will get you in/out of the center of the mall.  Very easy access.- They renovated the mall a few years back and it's relatively clean.  Much nicer than it was 5-10 yrs ago.- They have a Front Row Sports, which was the main reason for coming here, that has a great selection of sports clothing & jerseys.CONS- It's not in a great neighborhood and coming here at night is not advised.- I wouldn't purchase anything expensive here, see point above.The two Cons are pretty big, but if you have some common sense you can navigate through those....like I said I only come here when I'm too lazy to drive across town.Will I return?  I probably will.
4	Came today to do early voting.  The area right outside Sears set up for it.  Parking wasn't too bad at 5:30pm.  There may have been three people ahead of me, the check in process was easy, just showed my DL, signed the form and went right to machine to cast my votes.  I pre-filled the voter's guide that came to the house, so once at the machine took only minutes to complete.  I have done early voting at the mall before, it saves a lot of time and eases the stress you have on voting day with the time restraints.  I recommend early voting for everyone!  Go vote! Let your voice be heard!Since my sister's birthday is right around the corner, went into Hallmark and picked up a card.  The Meadow's Mall itself it a great place to hit the major retailers like Macy's, Sears, and Penney's.  There are a whole slew of other retail shops, if you are in the mood to spend some cash, and with holidays coming up, I expect a few more weeks there will be crowds.
4	This is a nice mall that's calm and doesn't have all the craziness as the shopping centers on the Strip. This must be a mall where the locals go. They have a few department stores and basic stores. The food court looked decent. Check out the pet store (Frisky Pet Emporium, see review), they have cute puppies and kittens! There is a lot of parking and it's easy to find. It's very close to Downtown Las Vegas.  ^_^*~
4	This may be a weird thing to like, but I really like the 1980's/1990's vibe this place gives off.  You know what I mean: Back when malls were THE place to be.  All it needs is an arcade and a Spencer's Gif....  Okay, it still has the Spencer's, but that old store just isn't what it used to be.But for what's there, it's good.  Plenty of variety in the stores, and the eating places are reliable.  It's good to cruise around in, and there's a little something for everyone.  They even have a pet store with actual PETS in it!  Seriously, what mall has that in this day and age?And that's why I like this mall overall: It has that nostalgic vibe to it when my family and I would go the mall on the weekend, and it always felt like such a big deal as a kid.  Granted, I don't go crazy for malls these days, but it is admittedly cool to kind of see a mall similar to those old trips, and the mall itself is actually well maintained, and not one of those creepy, empty malls with five stores and even creepier people skulking about.All I can say is: Long live the old-school mall!  It feels like less of an exclusive Vegas shopping experience, and more of an "any town" jaunt.  And overall, that's okay too, especially when you don't want to put up with attitudes.
3	Nice mall. Clean, cool shops, good choices in the food court. You know what would have been really helpful? A directory. Yeah. Directory would be good.
3	Mall is okay. Semi ghetto. But it is close & they have reasonable stores.
3	I haven't been to the Meadows Mall for two years.  I am just not a shopper like that.  Let me buy something online if I can.Going to the Meadows is only something I do as a last resort.  It is a good sized center with good anchor tenants, but I find stand alone stores away from malls more conducive to my needs.It does have a convenient location at 95 and Valley View.  Maybe the Summerlin Mall will get done one of these years and the Meadows won't be a necessary evil.
3	It's a very middle of the road mall with a mix of mid priced, popular stores. I come here for mostly the department stores, specially to look at the home departments. I actually rather go to the Premium outlets or Fashion Show for clothes since the selection of stores are nicer and more my style. It's easy to get to, easy to get out and not too busy of a mall. I don't really come here too often except when I specifically need something.
3	This place is infested with tweeners. Even the store managers are tweeners! Anyway I used to come here so much before I discovered bigger and better malls here in Vegas. I came here yesterday because I just didn't feel like driving to fashion to look for a fancy dress for me and my guy 's anniversary. This place is a mess..literally. It was dirty outside and signs directing customers to use a different door were posted upside down. What I do like about it is that it's a smaller place compared to other malls so it's easier to get from one place to another.
4	Variety of shops and eateries. Love this place!
3	Two names- Ghetto MallOMG I thought I was at my high school homecoming football game. This mall was filled with teens/children. Some damn store had a DJ playing music, with children dancing in the storefront- looking like strippers. After checking out several stores we came across a talent show and half the people auditioning was a hot mess and they did not have any talent.  It was so bad I couldn't even do any shopping.
3	Off of Valley View, this mall is often off my radar. Seeing that I prefer the Premium Outlets, I normally don't come to this side of town often. Walking through the mall, I am reminded why. I am not going to make any comments about the place or the people. My only response is that it could always be worst than the comments people have already made. Instead, the reason is that they do not really have anything spectacular. The store that stood out the most to me was their Forever 21 and that was probably the biggest let down. The Heritage selection for men is unimpressive and minuscule.
4	Upon a recent discovery about this mall, I admit that I am ashamed.You see, I've become a mall-walker.Okay, fine, I make "I'm old" jokes a fair bit, but has it really come to this?  But then again, can you blame me given the time of year?  I want to get out of the house and exercise, but it's a hundred and stupid outside, and I can't even walk sixty feet without feeling like a vampire in flames.  Therefore, I take my "Daywalker" butt back into the shadows.So walk at night, or bask in the air-conditioned goodness of the Meadows Mall.Not that much has changed.  Still the same stores, still a lot to see and visit and check out during my strolls.  The people are unobtrusive, and I still greatly appreciate the old-school mall aesthetic.  Maybe I'll refer to myself as a "mallrat" instead of a "mall-walker".  I can live with that early title.I mentioned this place feels like a 1980's-1990's style mall, and that hasn't changed.  I don't think it's a grungy mall at all, and again, holds up in this area where shopping centers of this type aren't all the rage like they used to be.Thank you Meadows Mall for your AC laden levels of exploration.  I'm not wearing high-water pants yet in my strolling quests, so I think there's still hope for me yet.
3	This mall is fine.  I don't think it's any different than any normal mall in anytown America.  Some of the comments seem typical from those that live here and look beneath anyone that isn't in their same socio-economic class.  Maybe I'm immune from noticing this type of stereotype from the areas I've lived in on the East Coast where everyone just does their thing?  Maybe it's just that people here are too used to places like Fashion Show Mall or places that are more high end?  Who knows, who cares, it served its purpose, is very easy to get to from the freeway, has tons of potential and would be perfect for a nice redevelopment to correspond with Springs Preserve across the street.Anyway, those of you who are afraid to mingle with people that you may not necessarily socialize with normally can keep going to your places, those of us who get along with everyone will keep to the mall when it makes sense to go there.
1	Save yourself the time, don't come to this mall if you're a tourist.It's ghetto, it's dead, the stores suck (or typical at least) so don't bother coming here if you're curious to see what it looks likes. If you need to pick up something and you know this mall has what you're looking for 100%...then fine, come here. Go to the Fashion Mall on the strip instead. A waste of my time.
3	I come here periodically when I need to pick up presents or something like that. I don't do a lot of personal shopping here because there isn't a Gap here, and that's where I get a lot of my stuff. Anyway.I guess this mall is ok. There's a Dillards and Macy's on the higher-scale side of things, and a Sears and Penney's, too. So you've got that stuff covered. Plus there's Hollister and American Eagle, so you have those brands to pick from, too. The food court isn't the best. The best options here are Hot Dog on a Stick and Johnny Rockets. Everything is really bad mall food that you eat when you're in a hurry, but not by choice. All in all, this mall is ok. Nothing to holler about, but nothing to cry about, either.
3	This shopping mall is convenient. There is a Torrid and a Sees. Plus, the food court has a Hot Dog On The Stick.
4	If your a bargain hunter, people watcher, time killer or want to beat the heat kind of person, I suggest this mall. It's a complete 1 mile circle with ample parking, a large food court, Game Works and a movie theater.
4	I was born and raised in Vegas and I moved to Idaho about 6 years ago. I don't even know what it means when people say it ghetto. The last time I was there it was just as good as it was before. There used to be a Naturalizer shoe store there that my mom frequented. There was another shoe store there too that was similar to Naturalizer shoes. If anyone knows the name of it I would appreciate it.
3	What we locals call Ghetto's Mall. It's really not THAT ghetto, and it's usually dead enough to walk around without human overload.It has pretty much any mainstream american store you'd want. lackluster food court but eww who eats at mall food courts anyway?
3	A-OK.As stereotypical as a mall can get, but a good bi-level one at that.  Lots of people come here, but there's lots of mall to go around.  Stores in general are on the larger side to accommodate as well.  This means a decent selection too.  The mall is clean and has a fairly attractive lay-out.
4	Close to home, and has all the stores I need with out the drama of going to the strip. I wouldn't go here after dark, but I'm a nervous person as it is.
2	I loved the kids play area at first, but it has gone downhill very quickly.  Even getting there as soon as they opened, I found peanuts on the floor (my kids are allergic and there is a sign posted that specifically says "no food!").  Additionally, parents let their kids run around with food and drink and don't care about the no food rules or the fact that the kids are making a huge mess.Some things I've seen:A two year old with a large soda crawling through a tunnel...spilled soda all over the carpetA kid with an ice cream cone dripping ice cream on the equipment.  The parents were rude when I asked if they could have their child get off the equipment because he was making a mess.I haven't been back there in a year because of my experiences there.  I found peanuts TWICE on the floor of the play area.  Very dangerous for kids with peanut allergies in an area where no food is allowed.
2	Just a standard mall.  This mall could be in any city in the country.  You aren't going to find Louis Vuitton or Prada here! However, they have Disney Store and we have a little girl, so we are here with painful regularity.
4	Doesn't have the glitz or glam of the fashion show but now I know its here I may never go back to Fashion show . Of course I tried three major department stores and only found one pair of linen that fit me. So selection may be limited.The Security team seems very professional. I forgot were I parked (felt like a tourist for the first time since moving to Vegas) and had to ask for assistance.I will be back if for nothing more than a Taco at the food court!
3	This place is enormous.  Lots of stores, but where are all the people???
5	I give this Mall 5 stars because for  me it is as good as it gets.I know it isn't the Fashion Show Mall but I am not going to Meadows for "Prada" or "Louis Vuitton" and anybody who knows Vegas at all knows that just isn't what this mall is about. To those of you who call it "Ghetto's Mall" shame on you. If you want something over priced and name brand then just go waste your money at Fashion Show (not saying fashion show is bad or anything) but to degrade a place just because it doesn't sell some high end material thing just shows you don't know what is really important in life.I remember my Mom taking me here when I was in Elementary School and working here as a teenager. I love the memories of thinking about those times and the friendships I made while working there.I do miss the smell of Cinnabon (it closed) and the original "Villa Pizza" that was there before the chain Villa Pizza took over the location in the food court. I also miss the "Wherehouse " and picking out my fav CD's.Times and the digital world have changed a lot.I still only ever think of Meadows when needing something from a mall and know I can still stop and get a soft pretzel to munch on while perusing the stores.
4	I hate malls....bu this is the closest one to my house that has store like Torrid and Body shop in one place, so I must fight my way through zombies to get to the places I love.On the bright side, it's not as ghetto as the Boulevard and not as snooty as fashion show...so it's good for middle/working class like myself to feel comfortable.
3	Meadows Mall is just ok, nothing to really write home about.  The only reason I shop here more often than the other malls is because it's on my way home.Fortunately I'm not a mall shopper so it's not the end of the world.  I really only come for two things and this mall actually does them pretty well: the Macy's kitchen section and Forever 21.  You can find a decent selection of "mall stores" though they aren't all here (Hollister is, A&F isn't).  Aldo and Body Shop both just opened up recently so that's good news.  All the big department stores are available.  The food court selection is lacking and that whole area looks dirty to me.  Parking is easy.If you're looking to spend the day shopping for clothes, I suggest heading to Fashion Show, Forum, or Town Square.  If you just need some towels from Dillards, then this will do.
4	This mall has been since as long as I've lived here in Vegas. It's been through some changes over the years, but it remains clean, up to date, safe and clean...did I say clean twice?I've seen some dumpy malls before, not here in town, but still, consider yourself lucky we have some decent mall here.No, this isn't a Fashion Show type mall and I'm glad for that. Keep your tourist dollars and ridiculous prices on the strip. This is the everyday mans (and woman's of course) mall in the burbs. Got all the stores covered, big department stores, boutiuques, food court (of course) and Spencers...what's a mall without a Spencers?!I do miss the sit down style restaurants though. Some of you may remember the old days when they had Der Baron's and a Mexican place I think was a Ricardo's. Anyway, those are gone so food choices are the food court and the obligatory pretzel stand.
1	This place was ghetto while I was a tourist here in Las Vegas. But now, since I've recently moved here to this  *insert sarcastic tone here* WONDERFUL, FABULOUS city, it is STILL ghetto...if not worse.Being in So Cali my WHOLE LIFE, we are mall snobs. There's at least 2 shopping malls in each city. Sooo....I've had my fair share of high end, middle end, typical, bargain, or "you better dress down dont bother with wearing any makeup so nobody robs you" type of malls. I've seen them all.I can't speak for the male shoppers but for the females: what's up with the stores here!? There's a lot of "Downtown LA-ghetto-fabulous" stores (best comparison i can make since I'm a born and raised a So Cali girl) . Acaci? Rainbow? Ever? WTF are these stores!?! No decent shoe stores available either!!!!!!! The forever21 store has a lack of merchandise and they're not up to date and Charlotte Russe was unorganized. Is there even a BeBe store here? Or H&M?I see a lot of you saying "it's not Fashion Show Mall." Well no kidding....I'm not expecting it to be all glitz and glam Las Vegas-fied out, but at least have some decent stores to shop at. Only store that got me semi-excited was Bath and Body Works. But that's because they were having their autumn scented candles and body care products.Shoe Palace? Ghetto. Shiek? Ghetto. Acaci? Ghetto. I know for a fact I'm no Prada or Louboutin girl...but still....my gosh.... -_- So tell me ladies, when you go to THIS MALL, what stores do YOU shop at for your clothes and shoes??I've been told to not step foot inside Boulevard Mall, but I think Meadows Mall can be put in the same category. The guys that roam around here makes me wish I had my boyfriend with me.
2	4 stars for the actual mall since it was decent, clean, and there was a wide variety of stores.I came for Sephora, which was good. The sales associates were very helpful. Then I went to Rainbow for clothes. Good enough selection & prices, but definitely not the best. I give them 1.5 stars... Maybe 2 JUST because the clothes are cheap, but the customer service SUCKS. When I went to check out, the girl at the register was "busy" yapping to another sales associate, sneered at me AND gave me attitude AND THEN made me wait for another cashier to ring me up. Wtf, rude... All I want to do is buy 2 things and you're treating me like I don't belong in your lameass store. I don't live here but even if I did, I wouldn't come back to Rainbow.
4	Surprisingly, probably one of my favorite malls in Las Vegas. I remember this mall from back in the day when I use to visit Las Vegas 15+ years ago.  I remember thinking that this small mall has nothing to offer compared to what I had in California.  Now that I live here, I actually appreciate this mall little more.  First of all, I don't consider Meadows Mall your typical mall.  It's more like a indoor strip mall because there's really not many stores for you to shop at.  And, it's small in case I didn't mention it already.  There's a Macy's, a couple of sports stores, couple of shoe shops, and a Sears.  I'm sure there's more, but that's all I ever visit.  The thing I like about this mall is that it's never crowded.  I usually get parking close, even during the holidays.  I'm in and out when I go here.  The parking lot can get confusing though since the parking spots are angled against the opposite angle to the mall.  So many times I couldn't find my car because of this.  Because of the size of this mall, you can literally smell Ms. Field's throughout the whole mall.  If you're shopping for something specific and this mall has it, then stop here for a quick in and out visit.  Probably the easiest mall I've ever been to.
3	Solid mall...a little bit of everything.  They don't have any real high end stuff here though, so stick to fashion show mall or crystals/wynn/ceasars etc if you want that stuff.They have no real decent food here in this foodies opinion, so I would eat before/after you leave.The location is a little more "ghetto" than some of the others in town, but it isn't bad like Boulevard mall or anything.They have a cool place in the middle for kids to run around and play...good place to take a load off and catch some rest for the rest of the shopping area.Not our first choice, but it's a good place to kill some time and spend a little bit of money.
3	Just stopped by the watch repair at Sears, conveniently located right by the entrance. My gf needed a new battery. Less than 10 minutes, in and out! I would give them 5 stars easily. Can't give it to the whole mall because we didn't check it out.
4	A good mall, diverse shops (as expected). The food court is average with the regulars.
3	Meh, it's a standard neighborhood mall.  About the only thing "special" is that there is a Dillards here.  Kohl's and Macy's are all over the place but only 3 Dillard's left in Las Vegas.  And even Dillard's is pretty mundane unless they are having one of their extra-%-off-clearance events.  So Meadows Mall isn't a "destination" but it is quite functional as a neighborhood mall.  Even though I'm "only" a tourist, I've had my eyeglass prescription updated, upgraded my cell phone, and eaten decent food court food here.
3	I'm not a mall person but this mall is doable. It's clean, has plenty of parking and a good number of anchoring department stores. Lots of kids and families here.
4	This mall really has a lot of services from eyeglass care to even getting a pet! There's too many to name! Clothes-wise, the shops aren't that bad. It's pretty big for a local mall, considering the places I've lived. I don't know why more people don't stop by here!! The food court is actually pretty decent and cheap, but some of the restaurants aren't very updated.It's a really family oriented mall. It's got a children's play area thats always populated with kids. Meadows is a decent place for families to shop at.
4	I've heard bad things about this mall, but haven't yet seen anything to complain about. On our first visit, there were team members from the Dallas Cowboys signing autographs, we got a delightful Big Apple shake from Johnny Rockets and spent FAR TOO MUCH time at the various LIds locations. The second time brought us to Forever 21, Macy's, JC Penny, and a few other adorable shops. I love the train that occupies the children and the multiple level layout. It's pretty clean, has a wide variety of shops to choose from and you can get a KILLER pineapple coconut orange low-cal smoothie from Surf-City Squeeze :)
4	I am very happy that this mall is close to me. They have everything! Ok, maybe not everything, but they do have a Forever21. Nuff said.
4	Rumor once said this mall was "ghetto" and when I first came here to get my hair done at Regis, I saw the mall and wondered to myself, "why would they call this place ghetto?" It looks nice and seemed like they remodeled the mall.I usually go to Forever 21, VS, bath and body works, and buy chocolate chip cookies at the bakery.  I haven't gone a lot to this mall, but I really like it a lot.  Since moving to summerlin, meadows mall is the mall I go to now or either town square or fashion show mall.  I always try to come here in the weekday mornings since it is pretty quiet.
3	This is the closest mall to my neck of the woods in Las Vegas so we come here quite often for miscellaneous shopping needs. They have the basics that we like, Game Stop, Torrid, Lids, Hot Topic, Bath and Body, Avon and Victoria's Secret, etc. It is a small mall however it always seems to have what we need or want and is also a great place for gift shopping.They have a great food court as well including a Hot Dog on a stick and a Johnny Rockets diner to grub at.At Christmas time they have a great Santa Claus for the family to take pictures with, just make sure to go early ahead of the Holiday as the wait can be exhausting with impatient children.
4	I've been Vegas for 6 yrs and this place has definitely changed. They have all the right stores in here, all the more affordable stores. I always find what I'm looking for when I go there.
2	Okay, okay maybe this mall is not THAT bad....I think I may have been kind of tough on Meadows. But still...there are way better malls here in Vegas. Meadows is like my last resort. Reason why I bumped it to two stars is because there ARE stores here I go often...like Bath and Body Works, Forever 21, Aldo, VS, the cute dog store, Charlotte Russe and among others. Plus now they added Potato Corner here. I was missing my BBQ chili tator tots moving from So Cali to Vegas...but now..Potato Corner has arrived in the 702 area!
3	Since I work at one of the stores inside this mall, I can see what other people don't see everyday. So, I might as well review it. By no means is this mall glamorous. It is on the northwest part of town, which means lots of local folk. We get the occasional European tourist, but that's on weekends. Now that school is out, there are teeny boppers everywhere! Not a bad thing since they bring business, but that also means more 5 finger discounts I have to watch out for. This mall is had been called Ghettos mall, and I definitely seen why it has that rep. I don't have a problem with parking since I'm here early in the morning, but I have heard customers complain about parking far and having to walk in the blazing sun. There is a small playground and a train which comes in handy when the kids start to get bored. The stores here are your basic mall stores. No fancy Gucci or Burberry, just your average person mall stores. Not a bad thing if you are just coming in for basic mall shopping. Besides the store I work in, I frequent Bath & Body Works, Victoria's Secret, Forever 21 and Lady Footlocker. I always find what I need.
5	I absolutely hate the MALLS but I love this location how it's not too crowded and I always find parking right at the front of the entrance. ;)
3	I can't say this is my favorite mall. It has your basic stores and some stores I would never go to.  The crowd isn't that great either. The only reason I wanted to come here the other day was because of Potato Corner - I don't have to go to L.A. for it anymore, yay! Eons ago, my sister would take me to this mall and it wasn't too bad back then but that was pre-Fashion Show Mall. Think of a mall version of Walmart.  Eeek!The stores we went to were Hot Topic (they have Little Mermaid items!), Disney Store (Vinylmation Little Mermaid characters!), Forever 21 (very small store with limited selections) and Potato Corner (yummy fries).Although this is the closest mall to home, I'd rather drive a few miles out of the way and go to a better mall. I'd come here maybe once a year but since they have Potato Corner, I might have to go here more often just for that reason.
4	Meadows Mall has gone through a "rebirth". It once thought that it was the elite Mall, which it was. Then the high end Malls appear that originally for tourists, attract some locals (kids that want to hang out and be seen!) Management has changed and the attitude of the Mall is new and fresh. They now deem themselves as a LOCAL Mall. No you won't find some high end (high priced) retailers, but local people don't shop at these stores regularly. The stores you DO need are at the Meadows Mall!! High end stores may be fun to look at, but when you have to BUY things you go to a good local mall...Meadows Mall!!
2	Time for a review update....this place is ghetto.  It has gone downhill over the past few years.  With options like Town Square, the 2 outlet malls, and the casino malls....why come here?  The stores are terrible and there are a ton of gang member looking people walking around the mall....didn't feel safe.Return Factor - 5%
3	This is the mall I rely on when I'm trying to get in - get out. The Victoria's Secret, Forever 21, Body Works, and Charlotte Russe are so close together so us girly-girls don't have to go searchin'. Definitely the mall I choose when I feel like lookin' bummy lol the crowd is young and some can be a little "suspect". Parking lot is dark so be alert -- you just never know and I've heard robbing stories. The food court is nothing special. It's not SO run down of a place, it's just not town square or the fashion show. But to avoid crowds, this is the place.
4	I have not been to this mall in years but had heard they renovated it. Needless to say, it is no longer the Ghetto's mall of the past but a nice suburban mall. Now that my girlfriend lives in Summerlin, this is the closest major shopping mall to her house unless you count on of those fancy outdoor malls that seem to dot the westside of Vegas now. They have everything you need here and most of the shops one of us goes to. While not exactly Fashion Show, it's not Blvd mall either
2	We only come here to see Santa.  Which we won't be doing again.  The pictures are horribly overpriced and you are forced to buy a package.  The food court is horribly planned with very few restaurants and good luck getting a stroller around.  They are really living up to the Ghetto's Mall nickname.
5	First, i hate shopping & YES I am a woman. I am not sure why the mall has bad reviews. There are shady people everywhere in Vegas especially the strip!!. I am from the East coast and this mall is near where I live. Every time I shop at Meadows, I discover stores I did not know were there and some great deals. I have shopped at Victoria Secrets, JC Penney, Lane Bryant( great for gifts), Fredericks, A'Gaci, etc.. and the employees have always been friendly and helpful. Also, I shopped there last night and walked out when the mall was closing. There is a ton of security officers walking & driving through the parking lot. I also saw a police truck..Parking is parking wherever you go. Always be mindful of your surroundings. It's called "common sense".
4	I love this mall it has all of my favorite stores and I love the customer service here the crowd might not be that great here and believe me there not it doesn't stop me though for getting into my favorite stores and getting out.
2	Though there is a fantastic selection of stores, this mall is the worst of the worst in Vegas. Almost as bad as the Boulevard Mall, the teens that come here are horrible. Food court is always messy and packed with loud youths. The restrooms are fairly gross. Parking lot is usually littered with beer bottles and trash.
3	I actually have to admit that I like this mall. Not the most glamorous, but they have a good selection of stores and it's not overly crowded or expensive for me to enjoy.It's on the small side, but I often prefer this mall to others in the city because of this reason. There aren't a lot of good places to eat while shopping here, but it's solid for a basic shopping experience on a budget.
3	I just recently move here so I went to check this mall out it seem nice , clean One of the things I noticed was there is hardly any supervision as I was waiting for the train ride a little girl was  lost and crying a man in a booth help me instead call for help, then as I watch my daughter play in the toddler section this 15-16 year old came in jumping and kicking and playing rough my daughter got scare and when I told him what was he thinking he ignore me again where was a security guard so nice place but more security guards need to supervise !!!
3	Im a guy so shopping is never gonna be my main forte. When I do need to shop though it's for legitimate reasons. Not because something is on sale or I need to "accessorize". That's the difference between the male and female species. Males get what they need and go get it. Females want to look at EVERYTHING, whether they need it or want it or both.Anyways, this mall is ok. It has the stores for the things I need. Stores like Lids, Fanzz, Champs, and Footlocker for all my athletic apparel and hat needs. Yeah, this place has been called "Ghettos Mall", "Murderer's Mall", and "Messed Up Mall". That's funny because every time I go here, I don't ever see anything that describes those nick names mentioned, unless you count all the wanna be gangstas that show off their underwear with their baggy pants dropped down. Nowadays they are sporting skinny jeans which I don't know if that is any better. As for the food court, bleh. You have your basic fast food like McDonald's and Subway. Just remember, what you are paying is a more than what you would outside. As for the others, they are all overrated like Johnny Rockets. Small burgers, big prices.I think the only thing that would be a highlight is Potato Corner and they aren't even in the food court. They are on the first floor in front of Victoria's Secret. Now these guys would probably be the only ones that have earned the right to take my money. Very good fries and the service has been pretty good every time I have ordered. Matter of fact, I think I will do a review for them since they are the only ones worth mentioning foodwise in the whole mall.So, shopping here is just ok. Nothing high end like Gucci or DKNY, just your basic stores. I wouldn't really say its ghetto or unsafe. It's just your basic mall. Oh, and look out for the train that hauls kids around. Sometimes you will have a driver that doesn't care and will literally run you over cuz they're not paying attention.Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #50
2	Vegas has very little to choose from when it comes to mall shopping.   meadows mall is pretty blah... very few stores seem interesting.  yeah if your a 16 year old girl with dreams of going to prom, then there are options. but for a regular local there isn't much to see or do. no dollar store, movie theater, junk store with swords, or arcade.   just another mall that seams up its own @$$. one plus is the puppy store, but its so overpriced you'd be an idiot to buy a dog there.
3	I actually like this mall. The selection is of your typical mall with reasonable prices and a pretty fair amount of stores for women. If you're a guy you'd probably want to avoid this store, particularly if you like sporting goods. There are a few stores that are for guys, but they're mostly suits or combined with girl's clothes.   It's not the biggest mall in town, but because of that it has reasonable prices and it's not super crowded. However, it is on a sketchy side of town. My mom, sister, and I went to it in full daylight and it seemed okay, but as soon as sunset hit, the sketchy characters starting coming out. The bad side of town doesn't push me to go back and I think a lot of locals feel the same. I'll definitely keep looking for a home mall, but it was nice to walk a mall for the first time in years.
5	I do not see a problem with this mall, its in a very convenient place. Right off the 95 FWY. Great location for all those located north & northwest. Pretty much anything you need from a mall you can find here, they are bringing in new tenants which makes things more exciting... they have a play area for children which is a plus. Parking isn't a problem they have extended parking if needed. Sears has a car shop.
4	We wanted to explore the local mall in the area so we made our way here. It has all of the typical department stores - Macy's, JC Penny, Dillard's, Sears.At first, we didn't realize how big this mall was - the layout made it look small. But as we kept walking, we learned that around the corner, it had many more stores. This mall was nice and clean. They had a nice selection of stores. Although the food court wasn't special, it's a great place to come and freeload on some A.C on a hot day and chill out.
3	This place is Okay.  WAY better than the Boulevard Mall.  The location here is convenient and right off the 95.  Parking is plentiful.  The place has been kept up nicely over the years.  The Food Court has a lot of selections.   I like to enter the mall via Valley View Blvd, rather than Decatur because it's much quicker.
2	Too many stores selling same things, like 7 sports cap stores? A dull Dillards, a boring Sears, a ninkompoopish JC Penney, to name a few. The food court has Taco Bell right next to the Bathrooms. Must be so it's handy, eh? LOL Denver's worst malls are better than this one.
3	I come here often. This mall is just ok. Some of the stores located inside such as Kays & Victoria Secret are cool to shop at. You can walk in on any day and find me here. I'm addicted to shopping it's no secret. Everyone knows I hunt down the best deals so that's why I had to do a review on this mall. It's a cool place to chill. I'm here say three times per week. I watch for falling prices sales and then go nuts. Some of the employees who work here are rude. But I've learned to just put on my headphones & not even acknowledge them. Rude people are like gum under my shoe. I no longer stand around debating with them how their mother should have trained them to treat people with kindness.
2	This mall leaves a lot to be desired. It's the only mall in the area with a Macys, Dillard's, JC Penny and Sears, all in the same mall.Aside from the major department stores, this mall has everything from Hot Topic, See's Candy, Hallmark, and everything in between. The clientele is very ghetto. When shopping there, it's best to hide your valuables, and be shire to properly lock your car.It's centrally located, with easy freeway access. Aside from the location, it's not a bad mall to shop at.
2	I didn't enjoy the lack of variety at this mall; many of the stores are far too similar (e.g. Sears, Macy's, and Dillard's). It's an alright place to burn a few hours, which is why I was here in the first place, but that's about it.
3	I don't mind this mall, I go here all the time. But the Rue 21 in here upset me. I could not find a post for it but I just wanted to let everyone know anyways. I went to rue 21 the other day to get school clothes. They had an underwear sale for 5 for $7.50. I decided to get some, I waited at the check out counter for 10-15 minutes before someone came, all the while 3 different workers saw me standing there. I went home and realized the underwear were too small so I went to return them. I got up to the check out counter and explained I wanted to return them because they're too small, he told me to go get a different size and he'll exchange them for me. I searched for 30 minutes for different sizes and went back up to the check out counter, there was a different girl who then left me standing at the counter for 5 minutes just to come back to tell me underwear were final sale. I understand that some stores don't exchange underwear, BUT the cashier told me to go find different ones. I wasted my time because one of the cashiers made a mistake. I will not be going back to that store.
5	Ok so this place is not the best mall in town but I'm giving it 5* bc it's close to my home and they have all the stores u want and need. Today is a busy day bc everyone had the same idea as us back to school shopping. My oldest daughter starts 8th grade this year and she could care less. I would recommend this mall to anyone that was not to old or young. Lol and that can take care of themselves. One thing I have to say about the meadows mall they have one of the best new store charming Charles had opened people if u have not been to one u must go. Women and girls u will love it.
3	Not too bad.  This place still has that good ole' 1980's mall-feel; at least it's not a ghost town like The Boulevard Mall
3	Definitely not your A-List class of shopping malls.  Even the line up of anchor stores and all the other small stores housed within trend towards middle America.  So if you are expecting valet attendants to park your car, complimentary bubblies and small living room size changing rooms to try on your outfits, this is more than likely not the mall or the stores you will be shopping at.What is good about shopping here, on the occasions that I do come by here is the ample amount of parking spaces in the vast parking lots (except Christmas shopping season - but even then you can find spaces that is a little further from the door).  And if you are looking to shop for gifts at some of the mainstream national chains, they have most of them plus a little more of everything else.The Body Shop.  (Yep)Bath & Body Works  (Bubbles)Victoria's Secret  (Angels!)Things Remembered  (Sudoku!)Sephora  (Stiff stiff)Frederick's of Hollywood  (Hubba hubba)They have your typical mall food court, but again very run of the mill overall.  It will do in a pinch, just not interesting enough to warrant any major detours for.With the exception of redeeming a Groupon or gift card, there is no major compelling reason for shopping here above all the other shopping points of interest around town.  Except for the residents that live in the NW.  But a few more minutes on the freeway and you have a lot more options.Anyway, it definitely looks better on the outside than what you could typically find on the inside.
2	"Gangsters, Thugs & Hoods... Oh My."My recent visit to The Ghettos Mall was much like a documentary I saw on A&E about America's most violent prisons. It showed various fights and thuggery in the prison yards and chow halls. I'll pass. On several occasions I found myself checking my pocket for assurance that my wallet was still there. This was silly of course considering these digs are not for slick crooks like pick pockets, but more for outright thugs that will just brandish and take "whats theirs."A visit to the "Vegas-modern" dining area and you can have your desired taco, burrito, tostada, chili casadillas, nachos, enchaladas,.... well, you get the point. I recall back in the day. The Broadway was a good spot to score some decent threads on our fast-food paychecks (teens in those days actually worked for money unlike much of the entitled youth these days). All the valley girl wannabes would be hanging out. Now days the girls really do "hang out" with their muffin tops and chest tatts.All in all this place gets low marks. It's a treacherous location invaded by a hooligan element that is hazardous at best, dangerous at worst. I'll stick to the Galleria where at least I don't feel like I have to run to my car before I get mugged. Just my perceptions, but hey, your perceptions are your reality.
3	Maybe this mall was cool a couple of decades ago, but the store selection is currently pretty sad and the mall itself is dated and run down. Your staple stores like Aeropostale, Hot Topic/Torrid, Bath & Body Works, and the Hallmark store can be found here, along with the odd choice of Frederick's and Sleep Number, but no one really seems to get much business and everyone seems to have clearance signs permanently posted in their windows.I'm sure there are exceptions, but the customer service I've received at many of the stores here over several visits has been dismal at best- consider yourself lucky to be acknowledged. Then again, the average patron here seems to be broke, complaining, and weighed down by a couple of kids. Don't be surprised if you witness shoplifting or loud fights between couples... none of the staff bat an eye.
