4	This is one of your typical hole-in-the-wall type local restaurants.  It's just a small eatery -- not very chic, and not in the best location for foot traffic.  But I consider it to be one of the best Sushi spots in Phoenix.  The service is great, prices are fair, and the food is wonderful.  No frills, just nice fresh sushi!  Try coming in for lunch, to catch their specials.
5	Eureka!  I think this is it..  Finally GREAT raw fish in the Phx area. Sushi Kee is a small neighborhood sushi bar with quality fish, portions to wow and prices that make you think twice about stopping by the market on your way home from work.   Use Omega 3  fatty acids as your justification.  The first time you go you will over order if you do your usual checklist.  The slabs of fish are about 6 inches long, more than an inch wide teetering on a bit of rice,  deliciously fresh.   I folded mine like a pizza sandwich and attempted the all in one bite, not a chance.   My favorite this night was the salmon - great fat content with that butter consistency.   If salmon isn't fresh, no amount of wasabe and soy can mask it,  this was perfection.I can't wait to go back.
1	This restaurant came highly recommended so I was eager to check it out. Unfortunately, it was a huge disappointment. First, the portion sizes are incredibly large, which you'd think would be great. However, they're SO large that it begs the question of how on earth they're able to afford to give out these portions for a relatively cheap price? We're talking fresh, raw fish, not American-style buffet. Bigger is not always better, especially when it comes to sushi. The albacore was pretty tasty, I'll give it that. However, the rice was hot in the sushi and rolls!Hot rice is disgusting!!!!!! So, so, SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO gross and a huge turn off!!! It warms the fish to the point of it not tasting right. Also if you don't eat the rolls immediately, the entire thing changes its consistency because the hot rice is melding with the cold fish and other vegetables. There is nothing more disappointing and disgusting than unknowingly biting into a warmed piece of sushi with hot rice. They also only had 2 sushi chefs in the very packed restaurant. The rolls came out sloppier than I'd make at home. The rice to fish ratio was totally off. There was so much fish in the rolls and so little rice you couldn't even fit the whole thing in your mouth. The rolls were literally falling apart from the moment the chef cut into them, mainly from the lack of tightness when being rolled. It looked like a total mess.Sushi is just as much about the beautiful presentation and the flavor of the rice, as it is about the taste of the fish. Unfortunately this place had mediocre fish and horrible presentation...and hot rice, which tells me they're not willing to take the time (or care about their customers enough) to present fish properly.
1	Second time in 17 years I have ever sent sushi back at a sushi bar was here.I should have known going to a Sushi bar so close to Apache Junction was a bad idea.  First, the prices are low and pieces are huge.  Too big actually.  The proportions are all off and like stated before, makes you seriously wonder how they can sell such large quantity for so cheap.  Well, I guess by serving less-than-fresh fish.  I ordered Albacore sashimi and took one bite, spit it out, and sent it back.... the fish was BAD.  The chef actually took a piece, ate it, and tried to tell me nothing was wrong with it and that perhaps it was the pungent sauce!  Wtf?
3	I generally go to a sushi restaurant for the sushi itself (rather than atmosphere) And I like to eat good, fresh sushi, at a reasonalble price. After living in Seattle, I thought I would not find good sushi again, since Arizona is landlocked, and a desert. But Sushi Kee changed that view for me. There you will find good, fresh, decent priced sushi. Must try The Murphy Roll, and for spicy lovers, try the Red Mountain Roll.
4	Very very good!  The sushi here is top notch, which is certainly more than I expected from landlocked East Mesa.  The lunch combination special comes with 8 pieces of sushi which most likely vary.  On the day I tried it, I got clam, white fish, tuna, salmon and other good stuff; yum!  Before we even placed our order, the server brought us each a piping hot tasty bowl of miso soup!  I would definitely come here again for a lunch break or a dinner after a day of Salt River tubing!
5	Top notch sushi at an amazing price. I eat here at least once a month. It looks like a whole in the wall, but don't be fooled. It has fantastic sushi, and the house salad with ginger dressing is really good.
4	This place is good small but good the staff is very friendly  and know a lot about all the menu items so if you have any questions about the food  they can help. the price is right to the happy hour could be better  but the food is allays fresh the tea is good  the volcano is some thing every one should try. love this place
4	This is my favorite sushi restaurant along power rd. I have not experienced the sashimi yet unfortunately but have not been disappointed in the rolls. I had the rainbow roll there the last time and the fish was all very good. They bring you miso and salad with anything you order which is nice while you are waiting. It is a very small order place but definitely check it out for the food!
4	I am a new fan of sushi, in general. So read this review with the understanding that I have limited experience in the sushi realm. I loved this place! You are definitely not paying for the ambiance, but I think that actually makes it a better place to go, because the focus is the food, not the location. We arrived shortly after happy hour ended, but with a few pleas and smiles, we were given happy hour rates (with a reminder that next time we would need to pay full price if we were late again). I absolutely love that kind of customer service - especially when I'm the benefactor.We ordered the Viva Las Vegas, Rainbow, a Hawaiian special, and an other eel roll that I didn't try. We ordered 6 rolls for 4 people and we were all well fed by the end of our dinner. Our waitress was MIA for most of the night. We finally had to hail down another waitress and request our check. Still...I'm definitely a fan of Sushi Kee's delicious sushi rolls and look forward to my next trip.
3	Good food and reasonable prices. My wife loves the place they include miso soup and a little salid with sushi. Nice staff as well
4	I've been here twice in the last 2 weeks once for lunch and and once for dinner the pieces of fish are nice thick pieces and the rolls are stuffed with lots of goodies as well nice ambiance and good service decent prices
2	So after reading the reviews I thought I would give this place a shot since I live about ten minutes away. I am sorry to say I was deeply disappointed. This place is mediocre at best. I could not add enough soy sauce and wasabi to make up for  what was lacking in flavor. Even the edamame was so so and that is hard to screw up. The only thing that caught my attention was the very large portions of sashimi. The rolls were flavorless and they fell apart as soon as you picked them up. I felt like I betrayed my usual sushi spot ( Masa Sushi Gilbert, AZ) and I will never do that again. I will never again go here and I don't recommend this place to anyone.
4	I stopped in here for the first time with Emma, and 2 of our best friends after a Superstition Mountain hike. The 4 of us have enjoyed sushi together at multiple locations between Mesa and Los Angeles. One ongoing competition between us is finding the best sushi spot in AZ. I could not give Sushi Kee 5 stars because it is not the best sushi I have had. A few Cali spots I have checked out just cannot be beat in my opinion. As far as AZ sushi however, I think Sushi Kee takes the cake. All 4 of us left here completely satisfied. Prices were right. Portions were generous. Atmosphere was comfortable. Fish was fresh. If you are into sushi joints where screaming at your friends is necessary in order to carry out a conversation because top 40 is blaring through speakers overhead.. ahhem Glue-Raw-Sabi..then Sushi Kee is not for you.
4	My uncle Scott loves this place with a passion so i decided to try out their sushi. The nigiri portions are large. Normally you will find a small thin slice of fish on top of a little mound of rice, but not here. The fish is thick and overlapping the ball of rice. You are served soup and salad regardless of what you order. I have been here 3 times in the last couple months and have not been disappointed.
4	I am a huge fan! The rolls are a big and the fish is fresh...true to their motto of "big and fresh". I didn't give it 5 stars because the service was less than average. But the food and atmosphere are awesome. I am so glad that I gave this "hole in the wall" a chance. I've been there 3 times now and still love it!
4	went here the other nite ....................ditto
4	ya I'm still a fan of the food and ambiance service is good well very efficient they could be a little friendlier but today the music was so loud i had to wonder why?????
5	Very reasonable prices, good service, and VERY generous portions!! I will definitely frequent Sushi Kee as should all. :)
5	Love this place! Always delicious. Once you go there a few times you are like family. Service is good. Fish is fresh.
4	Great sushi, but they close at 2pm, so kinda inconvenient for those late lunches.
5	Sushi Kee on Power Road is spot on! This place has been making great sushi and sashimi for years. The Chef has been trained by the original Kee Hong and does a great job. Only place in Mesa that I eat sushi at. Always fresh and great service. My wife and kids are always asking to go out for sushi and that always means Sushi Kee!!!
5	Two words....Naked Roll!!!  We travel for a living and have had a lot of sushi, and a lot of rolls (and no, I don't count California as a real roll), but NAKED ROLL!!!!  To the previous reviewer, the sashimi WAS fresh and they were huge portions (which is one reason I've been to this place over and over).  It's no conspiracy theory, they just rock!  Had some of the best white tuna I've ever had, the lettuce roll was amazing, and the fresh wasabi tuna sashimi was amazing!  Happy hour prices about made me sing, and I can't wait to come back!  Oh, and did I mention NAKED ROLL?!?!?!
3	I was taken to sushi kee by my boyfriend's parents, and I have to say it was a pretty nice place! It was super packed when we went, but everything was still brought to us fairly quickly. The sushi was pretty good - specifically the tofu and veggie pieces. Their Red Mountain Roll is also enjoyable. It's a pretty small venue, but it's nice for it's size, and worth what you pay. Give it a try if you're in the area, but I'm sure there are even more over-the-top amazing sushi places out there somewhere.
4	I love Sushi Kee!  Make sure to ask for the fresh wasabi...you'll never go back to the green paste again.  The murphy roll is a classic...hot, bubbly, cheesy...a surprising roll.  The Red Mountain roll is huge--spicy, and a meal all by its self.  Their sashimi is great.  The octopus sashimi is my favorite!  It is served with paper thin slices of lemon which are the perfect compliment to the octopus.  The Hawaiian roll was amazing! It has a sweet kiwi sauce that is insanely good.  Whether you do rolls or sashimi, you can't go wrong at Sushi Kee.
5	This is my favorite sushi restaurant in Arizona. This is one of those hole-in-the-wall places. If you are looking for amazing ambiance, you won't find it here, but excellent food you will. Have never had anything I didn't like here with either the rolls, or sashimi. The food is fresh and full of flavor. Some of my favorites items here are the Baked Green Mussels, Spicy Scallops, Salmon sashimi, and Las Vegas Roll. Prices are really reasonable. If you've never had fresh wasabi, give it a try, it's now a must everytime I go somewhere.
4	I have heard wonderful things about Sushi Kee for some time now. We finally made our way in and we were not disappointed. We ordered the edamame, shrimp tempura and the murphy roll. All items were very flavorful and something we would order again.
5	This small sushi shop looks like it may sub-par, but it is in fact the opposite. I have been there many times and it hasn't been busy enough to delay service at all. They have a good happy hour and the prices are not to bad. Their sushi is always fresh and I have never had a bad role or cut of fish. Their food tastes amazing, the prices are fair and the service is good. Plus the atmosphere gives you that small restaurant feel which tends to be very relaxing.
4	I stopped in here a little after 1pm (they close at 2 and open again in the evening). It's not in the nicest part of Mesa, so I was worried how it would be inside. But it's a nice little hole in the wall. It's clean and the service was friendly.I ordered the lunch sushi combo (which is 8 pcs sushi, 2 pc shrimp tempura, 2 pc vegetable tempura for $9) and some eel and avocado rolls. When it came out, I was shocked by the amount of fish. For me, I hate when you order sushi and its a giant lump of rice with a tiny sliver of fish on top. These sushi were a small lump of rice with a slab of fish. It's like two pieces of generously sliced sashimi, no kidding. In fact, I just moved half the fish to the rice and ate the other half as sashimi. The fish was fresh and good.The roll was really good too. It was a little bigger/wider than I normally like. But the flavors were good, and again, lots of eel.All of that food, plus a bowl of miso, a salad and a mug of green tea cost $18. That's a great value. So yeah, Sushi Kee may not ever win any culinary awards. They presentation isn't as good as what you might find in much more expensive Japanese restaurants. But they are good and a great value. If you want a lot of good sushi without taking out a second mortgage, check out Sushi Kee.
4	My friend and I visited Sushi Kee for the first time last night, having driven by it a thousand times without a second thought given the neighborhood and the simple exterior.  We had seen the good reviews and, wanting something different, decided to give it a try.  At first we were prepared to be disappointed.  When we arrived there was only one waitress working and she was so distracted by a technical issue with the credit card machine that it took us nearly twenty minutes to even get our menus.  The complimentary salad had an interesting dressing but my portion, at least, was nearly 1/3 dressing and utterly overwhelmed the lettuce.  I can also honestly say that I have never had such bland miso soup in my life.  Not an auspicious start to the meal.Despite the rough beginning, we were very happy to learn that every Sunday, Monday and Tuesday is all-day Happy Hour, for which the entire menu is discounted.  We tried three rolls and two orders of nigiri and our bill was only a little over $40.  The rest of the week, Happy Hour ends at 6:30.  Our first roll, the name of which escapes me, we only ordered out of curiosity because we had never seen a sushi roll with cheese and this one had tempura shrimp, avocado, cream cheese and mozzarella.  While it was an interesting experience we would definitely not order it again.  It was so heavy and greasy that we really didn't feel like we were even eating sushi.Everything after that roll, though, was excellent!  The Salmon Skin Roll was perfect and the 9-1-1 Roll was very fresh and tasty.  Unfortunately, there was only one sushi chef and he was clearly in a hurry, as the rolls were not as neat and well-formed as one would hope.  It was clear that presentation was not a priority at Sushi Kee, which detracted some from the meal.Where the restaurant really shined, though, was the nigiri.  It's been mentioned before, but the nigiri pieces are very big, well priced and fresh.  We initially only ordered tuna and unagi but had to request another order of the unagi because it was just so delicious.  My friend commented that the rice had the best flavor that she could recall at any sushi restaurant that we've visited.  While Sushi Kee won't score a perfect five stars from us do to the lack of polishing on the edges, we will definitely be back.  We are already planning another visit during one of the Happy Hour days, but this time we will simply stick to the nigiri.
2	This has been our go to sushi restaurant for the last 9 years.  We rave about it to all our friends.  Unfortunately, last night was nothing to rave about.  The service was horrible, and we waited almost 2 hours for our sushi. The place was not even full, though to their credit , there was only 1 person making sushi and there is usually 2.  When we finally got our sushi, the rice and rolls just fell apart.  They were certainly was not the sushi we were used to.  Then there was a piece of Saran Wrap left on my sushi roll that almost made it into my mouth.  When i told the waitress she just smiled and said ok, thank you.  She had no clue what i was trying to tell her.
5	We have ordered from Sushi Kee several times or have dined in as well.  We have tried a variety of rolls including:  Las Vegas, Rainbow, Arizona, and Mesa.  All were delicious!  Lately we have been trying to avoid rice and have been ordering sashimi and other specialties like the Tiger Eye specialty.  Yum.  The sashimi is very reasonable, especially when you order the 27 piece platter.  We did not like the octopus or surf clam (Nothing to do with the restaurant as we have tried both before and not liked it).  So, today when we ordered we asked for a substitute and they agreed, no problem.  Great place!  My husband does not like seafood, so we get him a mongolian beef and everyone is happy.  :-)
4	Being from California, I am really picky about my sushi... So far Sushi kee has been the best I have had since I have been in Arizona. I tried a few other places and I was very dissapointed. The rolls are always so fresh and SO tasty. They have happy hour prices and different specials every day. They also carry gluten free soy sauce for those who need it.Two thumbs up ;)
4	Talk about hidden gem. The exterior is meh, but inside you just know it's going to be great. The service is ridiculously fast (we got our sashimi and rolls before we got our edamame). The price is great. They basically have happy hour all the time. This place fills up fast because inside is small and intimate.
5	Sushi kee is one of mesa,s best kept secrets,their daily happy hours are incredible,their portion sizes are generous and their staff is friendly and fast.Try their amazing salmon, FRESH AND FABULOUS!!!!
4	Happy Hour is good , Always get cheaper rolls. I like the Vegas and Califorina. Only down side is they close 4 hours out of the day. So thats a bummer. Sushi is sometimes out of this world and other times just ok. It depends who is working .All and all its a soild 4 stars.
5	This is my favorite sushi place, great prices, big portions, and no trendy BS!
5	Amazing food friendly staff. The California roll and the dragon roll are by far the best on the menu
3	As always trying out lots of different places around the valley.  I had heard good things about Sushi Kee so we went for lunch.I had the "Mesa" roll.  The Jalepeno was simply an uncooked piece sliced from a raw, whole Jalepeno.  To hot, too crisp, to wrong.  My friend had the "Murphy Roll" which had cream cheese, some yellow thing we could not identify (egg) avacado and crab meat.  The fish was practically non-existant and the roll (although pretty) was generally tasteless.  The shrimp tempura was undercooked.  With no alcohol and only one soft drink our lunch was 29$ which to me is far too expensive for a small restaurant in a bad part of town.  For the same money I could have lunch at RA.  I wasn't grossed out or excited by the place. It was simply OK but I won't be back.
5	This little place just looks like a hole in the wall, and it is.  But the food, Amazing!!  We have been going for a couple years now and the sushi is always great, but just recently tried the calamari appetizer, SO good!  I don't know what the sauce they serve it with is but I think I could drink it straight from the cup.  We LOVE their salad dressing too and always ask for double salad instead of soup!
5	This was a great 1st experience at this sushi restaurant.  All of the sushi exceeded my expectations.  I will definitely be back for more. The Murphy roll is a must!!
5	Love this sushi.  Reasonably priced. Happy hour prices. Dinner comes with soup and salad.  This is one of mesa's gems.
5	We ate here for the first time tonight and were very impressed. The food was fantastic! Very quick and polite service. They served us a complimentary salad and soup before our meal. The rolls were a lot bigger than we are used to, so we ordered a bit much. Overall a great experience and we will be back. Everything tasted very good.
5	I absolutely love this place! It looks like a hole in the wall but their sushi is amazing.....I suggest the nacho mama roll.....so good.
3	Pretty decent sushi for a place in east Mesa. It's in a weird location by Big Lots, a tailor, Dollar Store and more but don't let that stop you from going. I had several of the rolls and they are all good and the prices decent as well. The saki I had wasn't that great and was the cheap kind that tastes like peroxide but they might have better stock.
5	This is hands down my fave sushi place in Az it's a small humble place that boasts amazing service and delicious sushi! You can come on a date night or bring the kiddies it's all good! The Kee Roll is my favorite roll but they are all amazing! This is deff the place you go for a good meal and a nice sake or soju!! Don't miss out!
3	First time trying this place out today. I guess it was ok. I was expecting better due to other Yelper's review. We had squid salad which was really good. The Murphy roll that other was suggesting was not that good. It was kinda sweet for our taste. It like mini dessert sushi roll. Just saying. We also had Las Vegas roll that was pretty good. I'm always a big fan of Las Vegas roll it don't matter what sushi place. We also got the Calamari which I think it was kinda over cooked? Texture was kinda rubbery my wife said. The portion was pretty small too compared to Ra sushi that's my opinion.As far as the pricing it was ok. Happy hour pricing is not a big deal. You save .25-$1 maybe depending what items you're going to get. You can save 10% though if you go to their website for the coupon.
5	A very cozy and quaint little restaurant with truly delicious sushi! The staff are always very kind and welcoming, and their prices are incredibly reasonable. Happy hour is everyday until 6:30. Best sushi in the valley!
1	I have been coming here regularly for 1 year.  Love the sushi, the prices, and the service.  Unfortunately today, as I was enjoying my lunch, 2 women came in to place a carry out  order. As they ordered, the 3 year old that was with them say down at a table and began licking all the "clean" bowls on the table.   I informed the waitress, but she did not understand me.  She left the bowls at the table.  I will never be coming back to this place.  That was the nastiest thing I have ever seen.
5	Very quaint and great place for sushi! Forget the big chains and bring your appetite here. The quality and quantity is excellent. For dinner we had a delicious salad and soup to begin with. It may be in a strange location but don't let that fool you. The service and food are excellent. I will come back again and again
1	Don't know about the sushi. BUT DO NOT EAT ENTREE'S.  I just ordered to go the Mongolian Chicken $10.00.  The Mongolian Chicken was in the styrofoam box wrapped in a small foil bag.  Not freshly made or prepared.  It was over cooked white chicken chunks, white or brown onions sauteed in some kind of sugar water.  NASTY.  A small corner of the styrofoam box was a couple of small pieces of iceberg lettuce (aka salad), and an ice cream scoop of dry white rice.  All that for $10.00  Buh bye!!
5	Really good!  Had Viva Vegas, Murphy Roll and Hurricane Rolls.  Everything was delicious!
4	Had  very nice experience with take out . The food tasted very fresh and the customer service was good . Definitely would come back .
1	Sadly, I wasn't impressed at all. The sushi rolls are so huge that when you eat them, they fall apart everywhere. The sushi was drowning in Eel Sauce, all over my plate. So sweet. The albacore tuna nigiri that I ordered was slathered in ginger sauce. It tasted so bad and very strong fishy flavor. Not fresh tasting at all. Very disappointing for a place that normally gets 4 stars here on Yelp. Service was ok, but nothing to get excited over. I am sorry I will not be back, mostly because the sushi quality was just, very poor.
4	Best tuna poke ever.  Let that sink in.Don't let the strip mall location or hole in the wall atmosphere fool you, this place is legit.
3	Stopped here based on the number of high quality yelp reviews.  The prices were reasonable.  Not great, but reasonable.  The decor was a bit lacking, but it seemed like a fun and quaint place.  The service was excellent and our waitress was extremely attentive and friendly.  The sushi was pretty good, but I'd dock it 1 star because all of the rolls kept falling apart when we tried to pick them up.  I've had large rolls at other places before, but none that fell apart like this.  I'm not sure if it was a sushi construction issue, or a rice quality/cooking issue, but it's a real detractor.  Other than that, a decent place to get sushi in the Mesa area.
5	This place is the best to look out from the outside and the inside could use a few touching up colors, but the food THE FOOD is sooooo fresh rich in flavor. Service is super fast and friendly. The portions are extremely generous with the little extras. You have to ask for a fork,only chopsticks at the table. Best service is right in front of the guy making the food. Despite the homey feel of the place this is one of my new favorite sushi places to go well worth stoping in.
