1	You know how you go to a place for the first time and its totally awesome.. then you go back sometime later and the experience is not as good then the first.. thats Rio Mirage in El Mirage, AZ.The first time we stopped in this place was awesome! They had the yummiest rice and beans.. as well as very good chimi's enchiladas etc.. but since the first time we've been there it just hasn't been as good.. the rice dry and greasy.. the beans, run of the mill.. food being burnt and greasy, greasy, greasy.. spotty service and in my opinion sub par ingredients make this place now an avoid.. what a shame too since they had so much going for them. Very disappointing.
3	While I don't think there is a river or a mirage anywhere near this place, there does always seem to a large puddle of water in the parking lot. At least I think there is, unless, it's a mirage. Hmmm...What isn't a mirage is a restaurant full of local Latino families and a sea of blue haired, varicose veined, AARP folks from Sun City. I should know. Cuz my Sun City living mom and dad love Rio Mirage. This is where me and mom let loose and bond over a couple margs. While dad sips his ice tea and flirts with the waitress. I've had good luck ordering the same thing here. Carne Asada with beans and tortillas. I kinda put the steak in the tortilla, roll it up with some fixins. Chew. Smile. Chug more margarita. Mom loves the grilled quesadilla and dad's finicky ordering style is accommodated with "ground beef tacos. Hard. Nothing fancy." We always get great service and I love the local vibe. And the margarita buzz gets me through an entire game of bridge with Big Daddy and Momma Jo!
4	A local favorite around here. This was one of the first places we ate at when we moved into the neighborhood. The food is tasty with a very large selection of items. Their pricing seems to be in par with mainstream mexican food restaurants even though you would expect it to be cheaper as it appears to be more of a "mom and pop" kind of place. They have a small cantina where you can come and sit down in and enjoy a very cheap but very tasty margarita. They even have $.99 margs on mondays. We've come back multiple times and each time have had a pleasant experience each time. The best part, it's practically walking distance.
4	My family & I have been coming here for almost 5 years. We've never had a bad experience. Discount Margarita nights are the best & my kids love the Mariachi band on the weekends. They opened a new one in Surprise, but it's not the same. The original is the best . If your on the fence to try it or not, give it a chance you won't be disappointed!!
4	Half-priced margaritas on Saturdays? WOO HOO! We've taken our family here for dinner, maybe 10-12 times over the past 9 years. That doesn't really represent how much we like the food; we're just usually shuttling around other parts of town. So here's what to like: 1. Consistently good Mexican food. From their standard combos to the chef's selections, everything we've tried on the menu has been really good. Yum! 2. Chips & salsa until the cows come home. And it's really fresh salsa with super-tasty, hot chips in a bottomless bowl. Yum! 3. Fresh tortillas, hot off the press. You can even buy a dozen for about $4... it seems pricey until you taste 'em. Yum! 4. My little chitlins actually eat the rice and beans here. Nowhere else. Weird, eh? 5. Did I mention half-priced margaritas... on SATURDAY?? We got their jumbo-sized house margaritas for $4. Even better, the bartender did not have a light hand. The worst part was deciding who got to drink, and who had to stay sober to drive... lol 6. VERY reasonably priced. Dinner for five, with alcohol, was under $70, including tip... AND we had leftovers. 7. Their whole menu is available to-go. Score! 8. Friendly, efficient staff. I've never had to wonder where our meals, drinks or bill were, and everyone is smiling and courteous. BIG plus in my book. 9. Mariachi music... ole! Not so great: 1. Yeah. It's right by Sun City, which means a lot of golden oldies. More power to them, though, as they appear to lap up those margaritas like water. Just wish they weren't driving after... :/2. The parking lot ain't great. This place can fill up, making parking only possible across the road... next to the railroad tracks. Meh. So based on my scientific analysis above, this place is a good value for a great, casual Mexican dining experience. Great spot to hit, on the way to/from the lake or Vegas, or if you're a local!
2	I am going to have to echo Alexander C's review about the variability in the quality here.  I have always thought of Rio Mirage as the best of the best for authentic Mexican food, but honestly my last time was not so great.  I am going to try again though since I realize any restaurant can have an off day.  Hoping for better next time.My last visit I got it take-out.  Food was overly greasy, so much so I could not tolerate it.  Beans were good, but rice was not so tasty.There is another Rio Mirage off of Bell Rd that is newer and is good, so may end up having to "switch" to that one.
3	One of those places that  you go one time and the food is great, you go the next time and it was so-so.
5	Only came in to pick up some of their homemade tortillas. One word, meal. I could eat an entire dozen just for dinner. Add a margarita and I'm done. Gotta try those tortillas!
5	I'm reluctant to post this review because I'd hate to see this place get too popular.  It's perfect the way it is.  We ate here again last night - that makes three or four times for me and several more for others in my family.  It is outstanding and the prices are very reasonable.  I always order the fish tacos (delicious but messy) - other popular entrees in my family include the carne asada and el bombero (also beef).  The margaritas are also wonderful (and enormous).  Highly recommend this place, but sure hope it stays the way it is.
3	2 stars for the food, +1 star for the ambiance & service :) Having said that, they put cheese on EVERYTHING.... luckily they didn't douse the drinks, lol! I don't know, when it comes to real Mexican food, I'm a purist :)If you're going to put cheese on something then let it be an authentic Mexican cheese! I don't like my food smothered in Jack, American or any other Velveta like substance :(  Now, I'm sure that if you ask for no cheese they will oblige! Learn from my mistakes :) The machaca I salvaged from beneath the layer of cheese was good. I did not want the rice & beans (don't judge me) so the waiter asked if I wanted a salad instead. I said YES, & could it have avocados? Oh yeah! I did get my salad. Iceberg lettuce, little tomato & about 3 slices of avocado. I ate the avocado & when my bill came realized that although I did not get rice & beans my meal was priced the same AND I was charged extra for the avocado. I paid it, but I don't think I'll do that again. I did not have any alcoholic beverages, just coffee, & that was not great either.
4	We love coming to Rio Mirage when we are on the west side.  We have come in several times with a group of 8+ and everytime we are accomodated quickly and with execellent service!The food is always amazing and had never disappointed.  Two people at our table tried the Bonitarita and the Margarita..wow...the Bonitarita knocked it out of the park.  It is a great margarita...it is a little more expensive but worth every penny!!We also ordered fajitas (two of us split the order), I was so impressed with the number of shrimp and veggies in the order, but a little disappointed they only gave 2 tortillas.
4	I love this place! The food is great and feels like your eating authentic Mexican food not like Chipotle! I prefer the El Mirage location over the Surprise location because of its authenticy and the fact that its the original! If you go try the El Rico burrito in beef or chicken, or half and half you won't be disappointed! Only drawback is it that during our cooler Arizona months its packed with snowbirds!
3	This place is a good lunch break spot if you are on your lunch break and have an entire hour to spare. The service seems to always be great, but it can get pretty crowded during lunch. If you are in Surprise and have a more authentic Mexican food craving and alternative to Chipotle and Caramba's where you can sit down, kick back and have a few margaritas, then this place is your choice. The tacos and lunch enchilada specials can never be beat during lunch. When you order the fish tacos or enchiladas del mar (with shrimp), the soft taco shells are soft and oily versus just regular soft flaky corn tortillas or crunchy type tortillas. I just end up eating the inside of the taco, so it's a bit rich for my taste to eat the oiliness. Don't get me wrong, I know that when I'm eating Mexican, it's not necessarily going to be healthy, but it gets overwhleming when you have 2 layer soggy taco shells to eat per taco so it doesn't fall apart on you. Chimichangas are pretty good here. Again, not really the typically true Mexican fare, but they satiate the craving for crunchy friedness filled with shredded beef or chicken goodness. Overall, this place is "A-OK" in my book, but nothing overally spectacular.
5	My fiance and I so happened to stumble upon this place amongst Grand Avenue and residential homes. The parking lot was so full and the streets were crowded, but we are young so we decided to do the Arizona thing and romp in the dirt to park.We arrived with friendly faces, the bartender was a lovely lady with a great sense of humor and good taste for margaritas! Our server was excellent and was a great conversationalist without being up in our faces. The restaurant was crowded with blue haired couples on the night out in the town with margaritas and smiles on their faces. We ordered too much food, but glad we did so we could have left overs. The margaritas were yummy and they hit the spot. You have a choice of small, medium, and large...I say go with the large! We ordered the shrimp cocktail, which was good, but I probably won't order it again. Then we had the posole (pozole) which was to die for! They make it with beef...which I am not use to but...wow..what a great soup. I am a menudo fan so for those of you who cannot stomach menudo (pun intended) then try their posole. Plus, the soup comes with tortillas that are homemade and they are the best tortillas that I have had in Arizona!! My great-aunt might have to do a tortilla off with this place! Then we topped our meal with enchiladas del mar with imitation crab meat. It was tasteful, but I think I will come again and try something else. In the end we loved the service, the mariachi band, and the food and drinks are not stained with chain restaurant after taste but seemed to be made from the heart.
3	Rio Mirage in El Mirage has gotten kind of blah. The food used to be spicer, more flavorful, just had some pop to it. The service has been meh as well the last few visits. This most recent visit, he never came to check on us nor did we get a single refill. I hope that they will take this to heart as a long time El Mirage resident who has been a regular customer that they should NOT tone down the flavor of the food to satisfy the old-sters who only come for a few months out of the year. If you are wondering why your place isn't as packed when those folks go home--now you know why!
4	While looking for an old favorite Mexican restaurant we couldn't find, we stumbled upon Rio Mirage.  It was very busy, which is always a good sign.  We were not disappointed.  The food was very good but a tad bit pricey.  There weren't enough a la carte items.  However, the four of us all enjoyed our food.  We also went to the Rio Mirage in Sun City West, but for some reason the one in El Mirage seemed to be better and tastier.
5	I believe this might be the best Mexican food I have had in Phoenix.  To start, be ready for a possible walk....because their parking lot sucks!  haha  It's just too small.  I often have to park in the dirt lot across the street by the train tracks.  However....once you are inside, it is wonderful!  The place is well-kept and clean.  Atmosphere is great.  All of the staff are friendly, and the Managers are usually running around helping out and just chatting with the customers.  The food is Awesome!  I have been several times now with friends and family, and have tried many of their dishes.  My personal favorite is their specialty burrito - the El Rico!  Great mix of ingredients and spices.  If you get a chance, stop in.  You won't regret it!
5	We love the food . Going there for years the food just gets better.
5	This is the best mexican food I have ever eaten! Everything was fresh and so tasty! The service was great too! I just moved to Arizona a couple of months ago and this restaurant is by far in the top 5 of my new favorite places to eat. I practically cleaned my plate. I ordered the cheese crisps for the appetizer. So yummy! I also got the enchiladas del mar and it was so flavorful! I would highly recommend this place. I know you won't be disappointed.
2	Brunch food is cold, didn't get drinks refilled once. But the homemade tortillas are soooo good!!! As are the churros... Not having drink specials for brunch probably won't bei g me back to this place...
3	Great food and nice servers, but extremely slow! It is slow every time, but we come back for the food, it's great!
4	Home made tortillas !
1	I have come here every time I've gone to Arizona. So when my grandma recommended we go here for authentic Mexican food and margarita's I was super stoked.Sadly this place blew it on every level. When we came in we were told it was a 5 minute wait. Instead we waited 15 minutes. I didn't really care because I was hungry. We were finally sat down and I realized it was so hot in the restaurant that I started sweating.  But I was so excited for the food that I looked past this.Finally the waitress came. She recognized my grandma and remembered her order. And took it. So then it came my turn to order so I tried to order my food and drinks. The waitress literally told me that she would not take my food order. I was super confused because she took my alcohol order but wouldn't give me food. I ended up getting a jumbo margarita on the rocks. So when the drinks came out everyone else got their drinks except me. I told the manager he questioned my age and then tried to card me again. So I ended up getting carded twice for a drink that took me 15 minutes to get!While we were waiting for our drinks and food I realized it literally took 30 minutes for them to clear a table. I don't know if they were short staffed or just did not care but the restaurant was messy and the staff was super rude.By this time I was starving, sweaty, and drunk before she even decided to take my order. This waitress what the rudest person I have ever met! I ended up ordering the enchiladas del mas. Which was a seafood enchilada. In the past they were amazing. But this time it took 30 minutes to get my food. The tortillas were stale and tasted like cardboard. The fish and seafood were rubbery and the only thing that was good was the refried beans and rice. Seriously though, how hard is refried beans and rice. You can't mess that up!!! By the end of the night I was drunk, sweaty and hungry. his was possibly the worst service I have ever gotten in my life. I have never gotten disrespected so much in a place I was a patron.If my family hadn't gotten good service here and good food and drinks I would have complained to the manager. But since I was the only one who had an inedible meal I just left. You could not pay me to come back here. And I'm making it a point to tell the people of yelp about the horrible service I received here. DO NOT COME HERE.
5	Updated this review to reflect our latest experience with Rio Mirage.  Simply the best comes to mind.  A perfect dining experience!  Thank you Rio Mirage!
5	We have been coming to Rio Mirage (the original location in El Mirage) for years.  The food here is really good and we've always had great service.  The service gets a little slow on Margarita Monday, but that is expected.
4	Great food and very authentic. Service was good and quick.Ask for the hot sauce but beware it has a little kick to it.
5	Soooo great place! Real Mexican food! Do not go to the same place on Bell. Service there rude! This place is amazing & relaxing!!!! 10 stars!!!
5	This place is great! The staff is super friendly and the food is delicious! You can get three sizes of margaritas (if that's your thing), sometimes for half off or for $1. My parents, boyfriend, and I went after a day out in the sun at the botanical gardens and shared a plate of nachos supreme along with a few beers. Yummy!! For $11 the nachos were more than enough for the four of us. I like how they put enchilada sauce on them. They were very accommodating putting the meat on the side and adding beans on top instead. Our waiter was really nice and made sure we had everything we needed. The front of the restaurant smelled a bit strong of cleaning products, but hey, at least I knew it was clean :) Oh, and if you want to sit on the patio, be ready to listen to the train that passes right by the place.
5	Yeah, I know what you're thinking... "this guy leaves a lot of 5 star reviews"... Damn right I do!!  Because the places I choose are either based off Yelp or word of mouth recommendations.Anyways, back to the review... When we visit my parents in Surprise we usually hit up Macayos... that day is done!  My wife and I agreed that Rio Mirage is added to our Phoenix Bucket List (along with In N Out and Don Pancho's).  Their food was fantastic!  I also tried their habenero salsa and it melted my face off, I had to slam 3 frozen margs till I got the sensation back in my head.  Well done Rio Mirage!  Our server rocked and as I looked around their authentic atmosphere everyone working there was busting their asses off!!  It was great to see.   My burrito was muy grande and bursting with deliciousness! I can't wait to come back for more!
4	Went in this past Sunday about 10:30. We were seated promptly by a very friendly and open Manager. Our server came quickly to take our drink orders. He was not overtly friendly or chatty, but polite and thorough. The food came quickly. I ordered the Ensenada Fish Tacos which were MASSIVE and DEVINE!! My plate also came with Beans (topped with cheese) and rice, and a side of chopped lettuce and diced tomatoes. My kids ordered a side of beans and rice which tasted fresh and which they rated as AWESOME. My husband ordered the Chicken Nachos and they were HUGE!! He said he was starving going in, but was only able to finish off half of his plate (even with some help from our 6 year old). Our food was fantastic. The chips and salsa were so good that we ordered a bag of chips and a Quart of Salsa to go! Our server came several times during the meal checking on the levels of our drinks, and refilled quickly, but wasn't so overtly chatty or buggy that he interrupted our meal or conversation. I would DEFINITELY go back again. I was happy with the food and service. ** I have also had their catered Platters which are kind of pricey, but HEAVENLY!! They serve mini tacos, mini chimis and mini taquitos, with sides of sour cream, salsa and guacamole and a bag of chips. SO GOOD!
4	The only reason why I did not rate as 5 stars was the very slow end service. It took 20 minutes for the waiter to pick up the payment and cash us out. Otherwise the food was great! I will be returning.
5	The chips and salsa were fresh, and they kept them coming without us ever having to ask for more.  I had the lunch special, Chile Relleno, with refried beans and rice, and all three items were fresh.  Can't ask for much better in Mexican food.....will definitely return again!
4	We went at the height of the dinner rush on Friday.  We wanted something different outside of Surprise and this was just what we were looking for.  The place was packed.  Lots of retirees and locals it appeared.  I would give the Rio Mirage (3.5)  4 Stars overall since there is not an option for halves.   Ambience: 4 stars!  The  Rio Mirage was a nice old school mexican restaurant with plenty of seating.  Very well kept and clean. I also noticed that there was patio seating which looked comfy.  I would like to sit out there next time on a nice night.   We also loved the roaming mariachi band.  That was a nice touch and the kids loved them.  Lastly,  another note...when and if you try this place, you may expect to wait to be seated, but rest assured you won't go thirsty.  The bartender is stationed right next the entrance and the margaritas are pretty tasty.  I upgraded to the ulitmate, to get a splash of grand marnier.  3 stars on the margaritas.Food: I give the food 4 stars.   My wife ordered the fish tacos, which looked great. Fried white fish and shredded cabbage on a corn tortilla.  She gave them 2 thumbs up.   The kids had the "Kid's Taco" meal,  which came with a choice of beans.  They devored most of thier meals.  Their tacos were fried with shredded beef, lettuce & tomatoes.    I had the El Bombero Picado.  Strips of asada steak, covered in a green sauce with sauted peppers and onions.   It was real tasty, but was not as spicy as the menu was leading on.   However, real good.  My meal came with rice and beans on the side and a choice of tortillas.  I chose the "homemade" flour tortillas, 2 large tortillas (equivalent to 4 regular sized).  They were awesome.   My meal was great, I would just make a note to have them exclude the melted cheese on my beans next time.  It was a little "overkill" , but not a dealbreaker.  I just scraped the cheese off and it they were set.  The rice was nice and fluffy,  real subtle, with a great flavor.Service: 2 stars.  I am giving our server the benefit of the doubt, SIMPLY because she was very friendly and helpful when we did get her attention.   She just seemed very overwhelmed and maybe she was having an "off night", which may likely led her to forget my tortillas after asking her twice.  Lol!  Once I get the "homemade" tortillas...muy bien as mentioned above.  Everyone else seemed to be getting served promptly and had smiles on their faces, which was a plus.  Overall,  I would recommend this place.  It is worth your time to try.  Remember,  avoid the rush and tell them to hold the cheese on the beans!  Good luck!
4	Delicious. We arrived at 5:00 on a Wednesday and it was packed. They were out of the yummy looking drinks they advertised and it took awhile to get served but the chips are hot and fresh and once we ordered, it was fast.  The food was yummy and the mango margarita was delicious.
5	This is the good location. Awesome food. Friendly & warm atmosphere. They have a mariachi band!!! made me smile. :-):-):-)
5	Loved everything. The salsa , the beans, the service, the ambiance, the food, the portions. I tend to be a bit picky about Mexican food.  The parking lot was packed when we arrived at 8 pm and it's an odd location. I finally found a restaurant I'll go back to time and again.
5	A mixed crowd from Surprise & Sun City. Crowded but quick, efficient service.  Everybody loved their food... Guacamole was fresh and very good. The chicken & spinach enchiladas were yummy!!!! I would definitely come back if in the area and might even drive from the other side of town for the incredibly delicious specialty Watermelon margarita drink (can't remember what it was called).I think the guac and the enchiladas were described as "spicy" - I did ask the server about it as I'm a whimp and neither were spicy... So not sure if he adjusted or if you should order extra spicy if that's how you prefer it. Parking lot is tiny and you have to back out if it's full... Unless you can see that there is a spot, I'd just park along the street/railroad tracks.  Charming patio... Wish this was in my neighborhood...
4	We stopped by the day before Cinco de Mayo to get our fix and we were pleasantly surprised at what this place had to offer. The pitcher of margaritas hit the spot. My daughter loved her kids meal. The only reason I can't give it five stars is that we had to wait forever for the check.
4	Here from Fort Worth Tx, Rio was recommended by friends.  Was as good as they said, authentic Mexican atmosphere, freindly staff, great servece. The fajitas were great both steak and chicken, would go again.
4	First time at the original location. Love the restaurant. Classic Mexican food. I ordered a shrimp burrito and it was outstanding! Their rice and beans are exceptionally good as well! I also ordered a sangria. Different than what I was expecting-they add orange juice to the wine-but good and refreshing nonetheless! Will definitely be back!
2	We ordered the buffet, the food was not very good and almost cold. The waiter we had did not say a word to us after taking our drink order, overall I'd say to avoid the buffet it, it was a waste of money.
5	Always delicious food and great service.The atmosphere is so cozy and homey.Some times the owner comes by and asks us how everything is.Nice personal touch.
5	Love this place! great mexican food, authentic mariachi band and awesome margis.... what's not to like?
2	Let me first say that I so wanted to love this place. I grew up in Cali where I've had great Mexican food and after reading these reviews we wanted to take my mother out for a great Mexican  dinner while we were here visiting.We tried 4 different dishes and they were so mediocre.  I kept trying every one else's thinking it was just mine, I had the spicy shrimp dish.  Not so much.My mom had the chimichanga which was ok but everything else was meh...If it was just decent I may go back and I understand every place has an off night but this was so far off I don't know if we will go back.On the plus side and the reason for 2 stars is the service was very good and extremely friendly.
5	We have been here a couple of times and every single time it is amazing!! The food is hot, fresh, and always tastes delicious!! The service is great too. Even if we come in close to closing they always have a smile on their face like they were waiting all day for us   We will keep coming back. Amazing!!
5	Excellent food!!!  It had been a bit since I had been to rio but we had a coupon from a local fundraiser.  Chips were warm and fresh, had the Rico special with beef and hubby had the pollo especial.   Both were excellent but I will do chicken in the rio next time.   We will definitely be back.
5	Awesome.  Since I moved to AZ. from TX. I have been searching for good Mexican food and I finally found it.  Our server, Eric, was the best.  Took time to answer our questions, always with a smile.  The salsa was great and so were the tacos.  We went on Monday and the Margaritas were only $0.99 and were better than most other places.  We will be regulars here.
4	One of the best Mexican places around. The owner always greats you with a smile. Lately it has been kinda a hit and miss. But still good. Sunday Brunch is always fun.
4	First time ever going to this place,  have drove past it thousands of times over the years.  Must say that it is a shame it took this long to find. Very good food and large portions make it that much better. Will definitely be a regular place to go.Service was also good
5	I only have one warning about this restaurant.  The food is so amazing that you cannot eat Mexican food anywhere else.  My wife had the shrimp fajitas which huge shrimp and were cooked perfectly.   I had chicken and beef enchiladas which had homemade corn tortillas and the most tender meat I had ever tasted.  Pair it up with the margarita special and I was a happy camper.  I will be a customer for life here!
3	We met at this restaurant with our friends. It was half way for both. It was on a Sunday and very, very, very nosiy. But should have known as alot of people are out on Sunday after Church. Food was okay, nothing to write home about. My order was wrong, instead of the Taco I got a tamale. The tamale was sweet and to much masa, very little filling. Really could not tell what was in it. The Chili Relleno was good. not much breading wtih some fire in the chili. Rice and Beans were so, so. We were a party of five and tho I did not check with the rest, I did notice food left on the plates. Margarita was excellent. Will we go again. Of course. Can not judge a place by the first visit. Salsa needs work. I refer to it as "Gringo Salsa"
5	Wow best Mexican food so far. I live out in surprise and it's not to far. Food is amazing. Staff is so friendly. This is our new place!
4	My mother took me here a while back and I finally wanted to write a review. Rio mirage, both locations, has really good Mexican food. My favorite thing on (or maybe off) the menu is the flaming Toritos. That's what you want to come for. On another note, I think it's really tired and old to age bash residents of sun city and sun city west. Show some respect.  What are you people?  15 years old?
5	Margaritas were refreshing and delicious! Beef Chimichanga and Chicken chimichanga were really delicious! Made note of the Sunday Buffet. We were there about the time it ended but looked like it might have been a good option earlier! The tamales are decent sized and they make maza like I do , with chili in the dough!!!How good was this place? Good enough that hubby asked me to book mark it!
2	Can't say anything about the food, as we were never served.  We never saw a server, even after sitting at our table for 15 minutes. Unacceptable.
