4	Fastlap is a fun place to go with a group of friends.  It's a lot better than those kiddie go karts at places such as Scandinavia.  Karts can reach up to 25 mph, although it's difficult since the area isn't big which is why there are so many turns inside. It can get pretty hot inside the warehouse in the summers, and it's about $15 + tax for 10 minutes of riding, but you can usually negotiate a better price if you have a bigger group.
5	Discover your inner-racer here. You get to suit up (optional) and wear a neckbrace and helmet (a must-do) and cause all kinds of havoc on this track, although bumping is not allowed. Bumping is for less-skilled drivers anyhow, you're just here to race and test your skills against competition and that just adds to the fun. You're timed, all the way down to your fastest and slowest laps and given a standings sheet after each race. It can be a bit tiring toward the end but it is a good workout and you'll wanna experience the adrenaline rush again. It was in all honesty--the best time I had in Vegas.
5	Holy shit.  I really wasn't expecting much from this place based on their relatively simple track set up.  I went with four friends in the midst of a bachelor party and could not have had more fun.  My only other karting experiences have been at Speed Ring (now closed) and GoKartRacer.  The differences?  1) Racing suits optional (ditched after the first session). It makes for less fatiguing racing AND you know who everyone else is INSTANTLY.  2) Superb ventilation.  Four humongous fans on one end of the track, four opposing roll up garage doors partially open.  3) Well-tuned vehicles.  Despite the huge and ungainly gas tanks in between the drivers' legs, the carts accelerated and handled flawlessly.  I'm sure the rear located engine helped with the fairly neutral handling   Although having driven 3 different cars, each car had their unique set of handling quirks.  4) BUMPING.  We weren't paranoid about getting kicked out after the initial bump.  In fact, when we proved that we knew what we were doing (we didn't bump anyone into an unrecoverable crash), they let us drive the last one unattended/unsupervised.You know you're having fun when you DON'T want to be the driver out in front....
3	I had a blast when some friends and I went here looking for something different to do.  It's kinda pricey for what you get but I'm competitive and I love racing the boys...and winning!  :)
5	I had the greatest time at Fast Lap. The customer service here is excellent. Because we had a group of eight, a shuttle was conveniently sent to pick us up at our hotel. After filling out some waivers and watching a short instructional video, the fun really started. We got to wear racing suits. They're optional, but it's so much more fun to wear them and get in that racing spirit. Add your head sock, gloves, neck brace and helmet and you're ready to go racing. For $62 per person, we got three 15-lap heats. The first two were fast lap qualifying heats. The final heat was a full fledged race with a traditional 3-2-1 race start. The karts were by far the fastest I've driven at a place like this. It was such an adrenaline rush being out there, chasing down cars in front of you and trying to pass them. After each race, printouts are provided showing lap-by-lap times and other helpful racing stats. When we were all done, the shuttle had just arrived to take us back to our hotel. I cannot wait to go again.
5	BOGO = $12.50 per person! No taxes no extra anything... since when can you get a whole race (10 minutes) for that price in the Bay Area? Granted that it's Vegas and we went on a Monday, the track was basically empty except for another couple there. We watched a one minute rule of safety and had the option of putting on the jumpsuit. But seriously, who in their right minds would want to put on stinky jumpsuits which were worn and probably not washed on a consistent basis either?The track was simple, but fun enough where there were curves which prevented you from going too fast (well, for me at least). Maybe it's the off-strip of Vegas, but everything is cheaper than it is in the Bay Area!For those of you who are sick of the strip and the smoke and don't want to do anything that's "typical Vegas", but want to get your adrenaline pumping, this is the place to go!
5	This is by far the best go-kart track in Vegas.  Gas powered karts - not electric ones like the other tracks - give you that real racing feel.  They are MUCH faster than the track, so you really have to drive.  You can't just floor it all the way around the course like at the kiddie cart tracks - this place is for adults who want to act like kids for a while, not snot-nosed toddlers.Staff is always helpful and friendly, track is perfect for all skill levels (not too easy or too difficult) and it's a great bang for your buck.  Just about anytime I have friends or family visiting me in Vegas and they ask to do something non-traditional (i.e. not gamble, get trashed, hit the strip clubs or spend hours throwing food down our throats at a buffet) I take them to Fast-Lap.  Not once has anyone I've taken not been thoroughly impressed and had a great time.  It's a blast - try it!
1	****DO NOT GOTO THIS PLACE!!!****I came here to celebrate a bachelor party with a group of 9 guys and we signed up for the mini grand prix (3 races).  In the first race, 2 karts broke down, 1 kart went only half speed, and my own kart had a sticky gas pedal with a broken steering wheel brace.  Most of the karts didn't have functioning seat belts either.So after the first race they tell our group that they only have 5 functioning karts left and that we'd have to split our group up, even though I made a reservation in advance and they guaranteed us we'd all be able to race together.  You'd think they'd have some backup karts???  Anyways, we demanded a refund right there and then but the managers AND owners absolutely refused to talk to me, even over the phone!  They told their own staff that the invoice for the reservation stated "NO REFUNDS", but they never sent me an invoice.  I called the day before to remind them to send me the invoice again but they failed to do so.  For the next 2 hours our group argued with the administrative staff who claimed they could do nothing to help us without manager consent.  I had the admin there pull up their copy of the invoice that was never emailed to me, and even their copy said nothing about "NO REFUNDS".The staff there kept calling their managers, and eventually even the managers stopped picking up their phone calls!  How shady is that???Bottom line: STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE!
1	This place sucks.  The kart I had went about 10 mph, not the claimed "50 mph" on their website.  The kart was so slow I was able to drive around the entire track full throttle and one handed while maintaining my line.  people were lapping me and it was pretty disappointing.  What made it more disappointing was that they said there was nothing they could do because only 4 or 5 karts were operational so some of us were stuck using karts with known problems.  They wouldn't even give me a refund after this ordeal.  I DO NOT recommend this place.  highly unprofessional and unsatisfied.
1	Just awful, personnel were helpful, but the service was terrible. Owner is not responsible at all. He lacks ownership qualities when it comes to dealing with people was not respondent . Also note that there is no refund even though they don't tell you beforehand. Cars are liable to break down at anytime without notice and there cars about five years old. Would highly suggest not to even give this place a try your better off going elsewhere.
4	Me: Mom can I get a s2000?Her: NOPEIf your dreams were crushed like mine to drive a well balanced coupe down a curvy mountain on a Saturday night then you may want to head down to Fast Lap for your fix. Sure it is no where comparable thrills wise to a curvy mountain, but Fast Lap's curvy track will entertain you and everyone whom doesn't drive under the speed limit. There are a ton of coupons and deals out there for Fast Lap, whether it be a Yelp promotion, locals promo, or some coupon for 3 races for $25 dollars. Each race is approximately 8-9 minutes long, a fast lap is in the high 20's, and these things are QUIIIIIIIIIIiick (up to 50mph). Braking and acceleration are present on these go karts, although you'll probably never have to brake (just let your foot off the accelerator) since you'll never have the chance to access a speed which you need to brake. The turning radius of the wheel is limited (probably 35 degrees each way). Each race is physically exhausting if you've never done go karting before. Head socks which go under the helmet, a helmet, gloves, AND a track suit is provided, cool stuff.To get here I would recommend go from Tropicana and making a left onto Polaris (or right if you are coming from the strip) because if you take Flamingo you will be making turns and turns to find this place.My only disappointment is that my kart broke, must be because I'm too hardcore. PS:  Driving your regular vehicle afterwards  will seem awkward and you will probably make crazy turns scaring your passengers. That is mostly due to the fact that your wheel is uber light now.
4	Gas powered go-carts!  Great location (across the freeway from Bellagio) for when your friends visiting from out of town.
1	If you know anything about Go-Karting, do NOT go there. For one, the staff was very rude, don't acknowledge you upon arrival, not even the manager. The rules were not enforced at all. They put you in a room where they just say watch this video where people just walked out to the track just to ignore it. Nobody makes sure you watch the video, just leave you in a room that you can easily walk out. On the track, there was just one guy, not caring at all that was happening on the track not knowing what he was supposed to do. Flags weren't used when trying to pass, he walked off at times mid-race more focused on a girl.  He used the YELLOW flag which means CAUTION to end the race instead of the CHECKERED. My sister spun out and I passed her 4 laps before he came back and realized she was out of the race. Did I mention the Go-Karts were horrible? This is my 5th go-kart place and by far the worst I've been to. If you have kart experience, DO NOT come here!
1	We went this last weekend, bought it through groupon.And I have to say my family felt like we were imposing on them. I called to see if there needed to be reservation and the gal that answered was very short. And it almost sounded like she was trying to discourage us to go.Once we arrived, we walked into a small lobby and the same gal that answered the phone was the  receptionist and she didn't bother to look up in greeting or greet us. Rather she was quite rude and said "What?!" she wasn't very anything except rude. spoke under her breath and yelled at people. So, beware of the receptionist with two surface piercing on her collar bone. We weren't given any direction with anything. Just kind of wondered through. We had to wait 3 hours for our first lap and they seem to have forgotten our party. One of the employee was smoking while working and walked out to help move a go kart that was stuck with his cigarette in hand. my dad and my boyfriend didn't have a seat belt, well there was straps but no where to click them into. No safety enforced, no instruction, and no customer service. Overall, it was horrible. We paid for three races and a year membership. We only did two and the only reason we did the second was we went up and asked why its taking them another 2 hours to get our second race in. And when we inquired about the year membership, no one knew what that was. And no one cared really.
3	Went here today after buying their groupon deal. For $25, I got a year membership and four races. How bad could it be? I was trying to figure out how much a race without my coupon would cost and did not understand the board. It is advertised as an indoor race track, but it is more of a warehouse turned course. I am grateful about this because the gas powered vehicles would be deadly in an enclosed space.The people working the front desk and the track were friendly. After reading some of the reviews, I was hesitant to even buy this offer. Instead we were greeted by a receptionist that was cracking jokes and a helpful staff. If only they would have working seat belts for all of their cars, I would feel safer. The fact that they take the time to separate the adults from the children is thoughtful for all parties. Each race is 10 minutes and you can normally get 16-18 laps per each race. When the race is finished, they print out a stats sheet for you to monitor your progress. Although this activity did not play out to my strong points, it was still fun.
3	living social 3 races for $25 which is better than the 60 or etc they charge on the site. Its right by the cosmo and off the strip easy to get here. The line was a bit long even though the parking lot looked empty. The people whorking there were really nice in general. We had 2 ten min races and then we got bored and left but in general its a great place!
5	I took my boyfriend here on a surprise date. He had no idea where we were going because the place is located on Paradise right before the road turns into a dead end. Once we turned into the parking lot he said, "Fast Lap? Oh my god, we're going to Fast Lap!? My friends at work have been telling me about this place. This is awesome!"We walked in and were greeted by a woman at the front desk. We showed her our voucher for 2 races for 2 people and she had us each fill out a waiver (that's when you know things are about to get intense). Then she brought us to the back room where we had to watch a short video on safety precautions and Fast Lap rules. After we were finished with that, we put our belongings in a little locker and suited up in some kickass jumpsuits. I was pleasantly surprised to see they had one that wasn't ginormous on me, seeing as I am under 5ft. Once we were suited up, we went to the racing area, got on our helmets and gloves, and waited to be called up for our first race. There was no one else there at the time, so it was just Don and I that got called up. We were given neck collars for added protection and two carts were assigned to us. I was glad they didn't have me get into a junior sized cart, since I didn't reach the 60in. requirement for an adult sized cart (maybe they just assumed I wasn't that short), but they did have to put two pillows on my chair so I could reach the pedals! Once we took off on the lap, Don immediately zoomed off far ahead of me. I guess I'm too much of a paranoid driver to really race here, but I enjoyed going through all the twists and turns of the track, even though Don overlapped me like 3 times, literally. I didn't even keep track of how many times we went around the lap, but it seemed like it lasted 10 minutes or so. The second time we got on the track, there were about four other people racing as well. We all took off and I pretty much stayed 4th place the entire time. I didn't really enjoy the race with that many people as much as I did with just Don and I because I felt like I was at high risk for crashing into someone else, so I never really tried to pass anyone up. Don said he preferred the race with that many people though, because it was a challenge. I guess that tells you who's more ballsy between the two of us. All in all I LOVE this place. The staff is very accommodating and knowledgeable, the track is entertaining, the place is very clean, and the experience is exhilarating. I highly recommend you check this place out. There seems to be a lot of great deals for this place going on right now on different websites, so get them while they're still available because you won't be disappointed! They definitely accommodate your needs here
2	Living social deal, $25 for 3 races. I'd never gone before, and I was quite scared at first. Don't ask me why. It was HOT in their warehouse, I think they need a few more misters. Come on...it is Vegas after all. We had a long wait before our first race. I've come to the conclusion that go-kart racing is not for me, unless I miraculously grow another another 5 inches. I could barely reach the pedals, and even with their special seat and pillow behind me, it was a stretch. My forearms hurt from holding on to the wheel to pull myself forward to reach the pedals yet trying not to lose control. I was glad when the 10 minute race was over, and I opted not to go for the 2 more. Good thing for the living social deal, if I paid the regular price of $60 for 3 races, I would have been really upset.
5	8/6/2011This was my second visit to Fast Lap this year and they definitely did not disappoint!Pros:    Open late (until 11 pm) most of the week  Friendly staff  Quick carts   Cons:  Very hot (temperature hot).  Helmet visors need are all scratched    So I took my girlfriend's brother here for his birthday and it was super dead.  I was surprised considering it was a Saturday evening.  I could have sworn it was going to be packed (totally wrong... we were the only ones there).  I had purchased 2 races for each of us.  Since we were the only one there, the worker running the track gave us the option to do one 20 minute run or the typical two runs at 10 minutes a piece.  He recommended doing the 20 minute run as it would allow to master all the turns and give us a chance to conquer the track.  I figured that it was an awesome opportunity to do so and that's what we did.  He ended up beating the first half of the race, but I finished in first at the end.  Info & Tips:   If you have never been to Fast Lap, be prepared by bringing your driver's license and to fill out a waiver prior to starting.  The next step is watching a 2 minute safety video.  It's a little cheesy, but your attention is needed.  After doing so, I recommend you use the restroom if need be.  You don't want to suit up then have to use the restroom 2 minutes before race time!  I love dressing up.  I think it's part of the experience.  Suit up in your choice of red or black.  After going through the second set of doors, you have other safety gear to put on(not in this order ha):  Helmet, head sock, neck brace, and racing gloves (optional just like the race suit).    Don't forget to pick up your paper, which tracks your best time, fastest lap, top speed, etc. etc.  Keep it for bragging rights and take a picture with it on the podium (you'll see the podium).    Totally awesome.  More so if they had helmets with visors that weren't scratched.  If you have your own helmet, you may bring that one.  Don't forget to check out the photo wall in the office and see what celebs have raced the tracks of Fast Lap.  I'd most definitely recommend this place.  Even though it's family fun, I wouldn't recommend it for younger kids.  I could see how it could be dangerous...and don't think that you are too old to have fun at Fast Lap.  That's nonsense and a tell-tale sign that you are probably scared to put the petal to the metal!
4	I first went to fast lap because of a living social deal.  It was  $25 for 3 races... SOLD!  I figured this would be such a fun date night idea!  I have been back two more times since.  They are open late which is wonderful and they provide racing suits, neck braces, helmets and gloves.  LOVE IT!!  It got us amped for the races!  The boys working were a lot of fun, we were joking around with them quite a bit while we were waiting for our race and it seemed like they really enjoyed being there.  As I said, I went to fast lap on a date so I was wearing a favorite pair of shoes and they got quite dirty... so dress accordingly.  It did get incredibly hot and I was a sweaty hot mess by the end, so you have been forewarned, mid summer in Vegas may not be the best time to go.
3	Update: Another star added due to the owner Lew's email to me regarding my visit and awesome service recovery. That's something you don't get very often.
1	Worst gokart experience of my life. The lady at the front is nice, cool. But after that is completely unprofessional.  They leave you in a room to watch a short instructional video which is complete SHIT. They state the obvious like ok red is stop green is go. Dont press them at the same time blah blah.  They also tell you about what flags mean which is usefully, IF THEY ACTUALLY USE THEM.  The management inside at the track is horrible, the entire time i was there they were on their cell phones or playing with their man tits.  I watched two races go by, and as people had spun out, waited patiently with their hands raised, waiting for assistance, the track workers sat there with their hand down their pants on their phone. The customer sat there waiting for two laps..... As for the rest, be prepared for uneven cars, lack of flag uses.  Bumping? Go for it, they dont give a shit. Slow drivers? Waste your time behind them, they dont care. Gutless karts? This is your place. Anyone who has ever been to a gokart place knows this place sucks. Never going again.
4	Bought a Groupon here, followed it up with a purchase of a Living Social coupon. Both were for similar multi-race offers. I would say, it's a great service and provides some fun entertainment right across the freeway from a central strip location. Staff was helpful, racing suits were provided (Though not really necessary) and best of all they had a helmet large enough to fit my head, and yet another one a size bigger. Who would fit into such a helmet the world may never know.Not sure it would be worth the normal price, which is why I ding it a star, but with a coupon it was great! It might be worth it though if you are comparing to more expensive on the Strip activities though.Also I would say it's more for adults than kids, when I saw a few kids going around the track they seemed more scared at the fast speeds these carts went and generally went very slow.
4	SO MUCH FUN!!!we go to vegas often and are always looking for new stuff to do while there apart from the normal touristy options. We found a groupon for this place and went for my birthday trip. These little cars can move! what a great way to feel like a kid again, but still get to do something that is very thrilling! we did 3 races. i am pretty sure i came in last and close to last everytime. but who cares! i hauled ass and turned corners at ridiculous speeds and crashed a few times laughing the whole time. kudos to those out there faster than me. you have the mini kart guts i do not posses. glad i could assist you in upping your ranking! hahawill go back again next time in vegas. just a good fun laugh! be prepared to spend a little cash though- members get a discount, but we don't live in town so we just paid the extra.
1	3 REASONS TO AVOID THIS PLACE1.  The website says, "Fast Lap races are a true ten minutes on the track!"  --  This is a lie.  We timed all 3 races and each was 6.5 minutes on the button.  What a rip off.2.  The website says, "The Karts are equipped with Honda 200cc engines which can reach speeds up to 50 mph."  --  This is a lie.  The karts there are all old and beat to - well, they're bad. Except for 3 of them that actually ripped around that nasty old warehouse at speeds up to 50 mph.Biggest Lie Coming Up3.  The website says, "Our building's are equipted with state of the art professionally engineered exhaust system's that change the air in our building every 4 to 5 minutes." -- This is a lie like none other!  If by state of the art, you mean 4 garage doors that are open, then yes, your professionally engineered exhaust system is top notch.  My buddy and I had SERIOUS issues with our throats buring after being in that warehouse for over an hour (Kona Grill's happy hour helped wash down the 4 stroke exhaust that had coated our esophagus - thx Kona).The on track staff is terrbily unprofessional.  The protective jump-suits and gloves are all worn with holes and missing zippers/velcro.  I'll never go back there, and that's coming from a guy with a stack of "Buy One Race, Get One Free" cards.Sigh
5	I love this place, even down to the cheesy race suits they make you wear.Ever wonder what it felt like to go 50mph around an indoor track and drift on a go kart? Well then this is the place for you.I went with around 8pm on a Thursday night. There was a bachelor party there so there was about 10 of us on the track. But, it was a blast racing complete strangers! The staff here is wonderful, you have to watch a safety video and suit up in race suits, they also provide you with a neck brace and helmet. MUST TRY!
4	This place is great!!! Go karts are in pretty good shape, the track is cool and allows you to race your friends. Pricing is pretty good... The 3 race package is a good deal, especially if you are a local. The only thing is that the track record was set with a different kart that you are not allowed to use... I feel cheated..  Lol, not really.
5	This place has really fast karts... much faster than the one I did in Daytona 0_0! I got the groupon deal for 2 ppl, 3 races per person for $49!!! what a deal! had to wait about 1.5 hrs though because everyone was using their groupons...Before my race, I witnessed some kid crashing into the first sharp turn & he flew into the air & hit the pole... his helmet flew off & he fked up his kart. Damn.... that kid did not put on his helmet correctly & he accelerated instead of braking on the turn.. he also looked too tall for the kart.. he was pretty tall. After seeing that... I was always scared of the first turn... while all the other turns I was reckless.after my first race, my hands were numb! I was more reckless the first time... the second race, I rammed a guy [who then had problems wit his kart b/c of me] & i started smelling gas so i was scared I'd blow up. This place is awesome except for the long wait. I'd def do this again!!!
1	This place sucks! We showed up and were told the wait would be an hour and a half. Since there were 20 of us, we were told we could return in 2.5 hours and race. Guaranteed! We found the nearest bar and upon return, we're told it would be another 1.5 hour wait. Lame! So we left and they lost out on $1000!  The girl at the desk sucks on getting and keeping business for this place! Make sure you have reservations and still plan on waiting 2 hours!
1	If I could give zero stars, I would. We waited for a LOOOOOONG time and were told we would have to wait another hour if we wanted to race. I should've know better when we showed up and a family was grumbling as they were walking out. Turns out the same thing happened to them. I can't comment on the carts because we decided we had spent enough of our vacation waiting so we left. I will say that the neighborhood is horrible and I wouldn't want my kids anywhere near there unsupervised. Save your money and spend it somewhere that knows what customer service is.
1	Would never go here ... very unorganized ... i went in with a group with groupons to get on the track. I understand that we cannot make reservations for a groupon, but the idiot lady told me that we would wait 2 hours and we can get on. We did wait 2 hours then she said another hour .. We were visiting vegas not there to sit in their garage for 3 hours. We even tried to compromise and say alright then just give us one of the three races we are entitled to. One of the worst experiences i ever had. I usually never rate a business a one because things happen, but this lady just made me frustrated. I hope the owner reads this and fires her because she is hurting your business.
5	wow!!! super fast and fun!!!
1	First I was really excited to do this. I have done the Go-karts before in other cities and loved racing my friends. I got a great Groupon deal for Fast Lap (their is a reason they need a Groupon to get business). The place is looks like an abandoned warehouse that Meth addicts hang out behind. Was going great till their employees started spinning out the other patrons. Not the best fun time to have when you can't enjoy the race when the employees are jerks and spin you out. They did this to several people. I went to Pole Position near by and the place is more upscale with better customer service and nicer facilities. Seriously don't go not worth the Groupon price.
2	After the long wait, go kart racing is fun, but this place is unorganized and if you are not a private party, they make you wait longer. My group came on a saturday, first thing in the morning at 11am, but they need everyone's names before they can officially put you into the racing list. Once everyone got there, they said it was a 40-50 minute wait, which turned into 2 hours for our first race as there were private parties and other groupon folks. If you are using a groupon, no reservations are taken. Which is totally stupid as all they ended up with was a bunch of unhappy customers who most likely are going to ask groupon for a refund. Our groupon was for 3 races, we only did 2 and left as the wait was getting ridiculous. Not all the karts are created equal, some are harder to drive as the gas pedal is stickier, and one of the karts, the brakes didn't work all the time. Remember to wear closed toe shoes and have socks, otherwise you will have to rent shoes and buy socks from them. They also let you purchase a head sock aka ninja mask to protect your sweaty head in the helmet from other people's sweat. Good selection of helmets though. The staff is friendly, but when everyone starts complaining about the waiting time, they really start to lose their temper. Overall, this place is pretty unorganized, and expect to stay all day if you want to use your groupons, with an estimated 2 hour wait for each race. I'm not sure how crowded it is on weekdays though, but I would advise to avoid weekends.
2	Thought I was going to die here from taking in all of the fumes......
1	This place is very unprofessional. On my visit here, I  witnessed the employees racing with customers when they should be supervising them. I found this to be dangerous for the customers safety. Also the employees racing were using karts that were reserved in the back and those karts were clearly much faster than those available for customers use. The employees were also neglecting the company's own racing rule of "no bumping " which caused many of the other racers to crash. And of course they had to fend for themselves since there was no other employees to help them. I cannot believe such a business is ran this way especially when a customer's safety is always at risk.
4	This place was awsome very fun .
1	If I could get 0 stars I would!  Basically we bought two Groupons for a team builder that ended up to be team downer. We all got there at 1:30 on a Wednesday and ended up leaving after waiting over 3 hours.  We had a Groupon and had a total of 8 people.  The place was very disorganized and the staff was rude and treated us as if we were a hassle.  We have requested a refund from Groupon and will never go back!!
3	Good deal with Groupon but no air conditioning so hot as hell in here....karts are fast and fun but sweaty!!
5	What a blast!!! A but on the expensive side but totally work it! About $35 per race (races last 10 minutes)...it seems short but you will walk out of there EXHAUSTED!Located just off the strip, this is a great afternoon activity for the whole family (or just you and your friends, on a LESS hungover day).  Loved this alternative to the crowded strip, gambling and/or just aimlessly walking around...and was even more happy to have an activity to keep me from just day-drinking straight into the end of the weekend.
4	Fun times had by all. Love racing!
3	Friends of mine and I have joined in on purchasing the Living Social deal for 3 races for $45.00 each. After reading reviews and have a large party, we decided to make a reservations. Our reservations were booked three months in advanced.When we got there, they were friendly however there was people ahead of us that didn't make a reservation. We were courteous and waited. A half an hr later we had to wait and additional 20 min. That was fun considering it was a Saturday. The only part I didn't understand is we had a reservation and technically we shouldn't need to wait and if we did 15 - 30 min would have been acceptable. Though to wait another 20 min on top of the 30 min was just unfeasible. This was my first time here, was very disappointed in the wait. I'll give this place another try in a couple months.
4	What. A. Blast!!It did take a bit to actually start racing, but it was understandable: we had to gear up, watch a short video, and wait for our names to be entered into the system, but we were so excited and talking smack during that time that the wait was no problem at all.Each person is assigned a cart number and booster seats are available for shorter people like myself, but definitely as for them and test it out before you start racing. Trust me, it'll save you from grave muscle cramps and body aches later and will also allow you to utilize the full speed of your car pressing the pedal to the ground!!At the end of our race we received a results printout that gave us all our lap times as well as a ranking of the order we came in and our average speed, which ranged per racer from 16-20 mph. So awesome to see as a group!! $25 for one ride plus $2 for a head sock for under your helmet, but the helmet, gloves, shoes, and jumpsuits are completely free. Yes, a bit unorganized and not the most professionally ran, but come on, its go kart racing--how much can really be asked of that kind of business? Definitely DEFINITELY worth the experience!
2	This place left me with a sour taste in my mouth.We were put in a room & we waited for about 30 minutes. A worker rushed in & told us it was time to go, but we hadn't seen the safety video & no one told us about changing into different clothes. The worker said we were going to miss our race & the safety video wasn't important. It felt pretty sketchy. I didn't know what was going on.None of the go carts are the same speed so don't fool yourself into thinking you are an awesome driver. You probably just got a fast cart. One girl's gas ran out during her race & she didn't get to go again. She was really upset.It just felt really unorganized & unprofessional.
5	I was here for a bachelor party and it was a lot of fun. The karts were fast and the staff was very friendly and helpful. Definitely recommend it.
3	Okay so first off I would like to say that I was never into the car racing thing. Never really understood it. Thought it was a boy thing.  Once I tried Fast lap though.. everything changed. You get a rush of adrenaline as you take corners... flooring it to cut off your friends.. SO FUN! So why the 3 stars? Because of the regular price. I actually bought a groupon for this place. I think it was ~25 a person for 3 races. Each race was about 10 minutes which in my opinion was a good deal. However, regular price is ridiculous. I don't really remember how much it was so I won't mention it on here, but lets just say it blew my mind. This is a fun thing to do for all ages but I mean you don't want to go bankrupt doing it. It is also awesome to do for a birthday party and what not. Sooooo I guess if you gots the money, then this is definitely something you want to try. If you don't..... wait for a groupon... or pretend to race in your own car....
4	Great karting place that lets you properly have fun. Many karting places have this notion that if you even touch another kart you deserve to be black flagged.Fast Lap will let you race and understand the jostling is part of it. As long as your intention is to always advance in position and not just ramming, they'll be encouraging.Staff tries to be accommodating, but they are young and hospitality isn't their strong traits. Understanding that part really helps things go smooth.The only downside is that this is Vegas and close to the strip. A lot of the karts get broken by the riotous crowds of the nights before.Definitely my place to take visitors, I've almost always had a great time here.
5	Wow!!! Had such a great time here! SO MUCH FUN! You HAVE to go here with your friends and family! Had a smile on my face the entire time and it's good to have some friendly competition racing around the track! One word of advise: GO!
3	To start, I called to make reservations as my voucher said to. They told me I needed at least 6 people to make reservations, I only had 4. So I rounded up 2 more people, bought 2 more vouchers and called back. This time I was told I couldn't make reservations if I had a voucher.Once we arrived, signed waivers and bought their helmet socks we were told there were going to be 3 groups ahead of us (the exact reason why I was trying to make reservations was to avoid waiting for a long time). Turns out there were 4 groups we had to wait for at ~10mins each group, plus loading and unloading. This was frustrating.Overall they were a blast to drive but not one of the karts was even to another. The first one I got ran great and was fast, the second 2 were slugs compared to the first.The employees didn't care if you bumped, which was a bit annoying. My wife got bumped numerous times and ended up with a sore back after 2 of the 3 sessions. Nothing was said to the other people on the track that kept bumping and spinning people out. If you can get a group big enough to prevent people you don't know being thrown in with your run group it would be best. That way you don't end up with some wreckless punks ruining your good time.
5	WHAT A BLAST! I live by the Fast Lap in Mira Loma so when I found out there was one in Vegas I was excited to try it out! Staff was friendly and the carts were fast! Our party did the Race and shoot which they provided transportation! We had a blast!
5	What a blast!!!  We have been to another track in the neighborhood but this one is more affordable, fun and has a great staff. We scored a Groupon for this track and it made the price very very reasonable. Great for kids and adults. We took two 10 year olds and two 14 year olds and they loved it! Fast Lap gives you a print out at the end of your race with your average lap times, best lap times and overall place in the race. Fun!
3	What better way to end the weekend by flooring it and hitting the shit out of the other drivers.  You want to hit me or cut me off...boom. haha I got some stress relief from the regular day's commuting in Vegas.  Oops your not suppose to bump other drivers well they bumped me first. Note to those who come here know how to drive I mean really it does say no bumping. I was killing it, was holding onto one of the front positions and someone goes and hit me, making my kart spin and die like on those cop shows. Don't make me go all NASCAR and chase you down, I'm gonna beat you with my helmet. Ok I've cooled down.So if you come here don't come from Flamingo come from Tropicana by Polaris, less of a zigzag route.  If its dark outside you might have a hard time seeing the place but it is at the end of Polaris heading north and the streets around the area aren't very lit well.  Pro's: It's kart racing it's fun on it's own.  They are open late, closes about 10 or 11 pm.  There's always a Groupon which saves a lot of $.  They have helmets and race suites to look cool while you race.  The track isn't difficult. Con's: Long wait's on Sunday's.  It's pretty pricey without a Groupon. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fast-lap-indoor-kart-racing-las-vegas?select=_9Y4CRP4cIHa2ygmMAxYVw#HqbE4m5LLTQGX_WK_OIDGg You have to pay $2 for a helmet sock which you'll probably never use again.  Karts works but it and the rest of the equipment aren't in the best conditions. The fumes, not well ventilated.  They say no bumping but they won't say anything about it to those that keep hitting others, it's their equipment thats getting busted not mine.  We sign a waiver but they should at least keep it safe for us.  The karts I rode ran pretty well and everything went smoothly for the first 2 races, others kept always spinning out except me cause I know how to race.  The third race was were all kind of problems happened, the kart kept getting stuck I even had to switch kart in the middle of the race cause it broke down.  Too big of a hole to dig out of but it was just awesome overall.Another thing that really bugged me was they kind of rushed the breaks between each race, it's like they just wanted us finish and out of there.  When each of the races finished it was take a couple minutes break now get back out there.  It was towards the end of the day no one was really behind us.  Maybe they just wanted to go home.
5	I brought two of my grandsons there for two full days of racing.  We were treated as good as it gets by everyone there.  From the girls at the front desk that sign you in to the guys that run the on track operation.  We could not be more pleased with everything there.  Give em a try and tell em that my grandsons Jadan and Addison sent you!
1	The name of the game at this place is making sure you create more demand than you can supply. I called before purchasing a Groupon to get the details. It all sounded good. I told her we would be there on a Friday. Did we need a reservation? No. Were there any special exclusions for the Groupon? Nope. So we walk in to ride at 11am and we're told there is at least a 3 hr wait and they have a reservation for a large party at 4pm so it will be at least 7pm before we get on and she couldn't guarantee that. We asked about different days, other times... nada. There were at least 3 other out of town groups that came in while we were there and they were all in the same boat. Some of them opted to wait. That's no way to spend your vacation time. With so many people coming in from out of town it's just not right to create a promotion you can't honor. The business' recommendation? Get a refund from Groupon. So their lack of capacity now becomes a problem for me and the promoter they hired. Just not well run.
5	Just spent the afternoon here for a friend's birthday.  This is the best indoor karting place I've been to.  The karts are quick and they let you actually race hard.Will definitely go there again!
2	We bought a Groupon for the 3 races for 2 people in one day and the experience was ok, we won't be back.  Last year, we raced at Pole Position and had a way better experience and better cars.  My 9 year old son was sore for the next 2 days from driving these cars.  The staff was extremely slow.  It took us 2 hours to race three 10 minute races.  They raced my son with all the adults who race for time and he did not feel comfortable at all.  At Pole Position they have the kids and adults race seperately, I now know why.  We visit Vegas quite often and we won't return to race here.
1	I went with a couple of racing friends with a groupon once to try this place out. I was a bit disappointed with many things.Many, if not all of the go-carts are in terrible shape. In 3 races I wasn't lucky enough to have a cart that wasn't falling apart. One cart kept stalling and generally ran like crap, and the last cart I had for the night literally had no brakes... Luckily with the way the track is set up you don't really need brakes, but it was an interesting experience when I had to stop and pit the go-cart...Lastly, somehow with our groupon, the workers lost track of how many races we had. We were watching all the groups finish up at the end of the night, and when they started to close up, we inquired about our last race. The workers seemed to be confused, and instead of being apologetic, panicked slightly. We did end up getting our last race in, but not without a lot of unnecessary waiting.I will probably not go here again. I have yet to race at Pole Position, but from what I hear from many friends is that the carts are kept in much better shape, and the staff much more professional and competent.In conclusion, if you have an itch to race some friends in go-carts, only go to this place if it's your last resort, and if you have a groupon. Otherwise, I wouldn't even bother.
4	3.5 Stars would be the perfect rating for Fast Lap...I decided to round up because of how friendly the staff was and how much my cousins enjoyed it...also rounded up because David S is super cool and gave them 3 stars...so I was thinking that we would cancel each other out...does that work?  I tool my cousins (11 & 13) here with a Groupon.   We had a blast.  The gasoline powered cars are fast...fast enough that you need to break to keep your speed up and avoid drifting. It gets real hot in here if the weather outside is over say 95 degrees.  They have some misting cooling stations, but it's hot and in Vegas it is over 95 quite a bit.  The race track is in large warehouse area that has enough ventilation courtesy of some garage bay doors.At busier times they split up heats based on age/speed of the drivers.  This makes for much better races.
4	This was so much fun!  A bit intimidating at first since I'm not a kid.  Once I was out driving and speeding around the course I really got into it.  Could be some jerks out there on the course that try to make you crash or they crash into you when they loss control and can be a bit dangerous.  Overall, it's fun!
1	Don't trust the employees that work there    My son celebrated his birthday there last year and had 5 races leftover that we didn't use. The female employee asked for our Zip Code and name then told us we can use them anytime with NO expiration. My son is going to serve our country in the Navy next week so he called Fast Lap and they said they had a system upgrade & wouldn't have our information in there anymore, so we were out of luck.  I called and talked Megan who basically called me a liar since WE had no proof that they owed us the 5 races    THEY lost the proof and they blame us ??   Thankfully I'm a concierge at a major hotel in town and know where to send our guests now. Pole Position.
3	Really fun date night. If you get the groupon is defiantly worth it.  The only negative is that the employees seems to not care about rule following and safety guidelines. Before you race there is a video shown saying if you bump anyone you will get penalized. Me and boyfriend went here for a date.  In our race there was another couple and about four other guys.  Right off the back the group of guys drove a lot more aggressive than the rest of us. And the were bumping EVERYONE. I would have been fine with this if they were getting the penalty lap. But the employees did nothing. They even bumped and spinned out a few people and still nothing.  The poor girl in out race got hit so hard she didn't want to finish her other races.  I think is was fun here but is would have been a lot more enjoyable if the employees enforced there rules instead of smoking on their vap. And paying no attention
4	This is one of those places you get exactly what you expect.  It is a gas powered go kart racetrack.  The track is curvy and for 25.00 you get one race, approximately 15-20 laps.  You get a score card at the end with your time for each lap.  You have to wear a headsock to use their helmets or you can bring your own, so be prepared and come with your own headsock or they charge you $2.00 per headsock but you get to keep it so if you are coming back, wash it and save it for the next trip.Some karts are faster than others or handle better so no matter how good a driver you are, you may not be able to beat your friend.The staff is friendly.Not in the best part of town and the price is extremely high for what you get.  However, if you keep your eyes open, there are some fantastic groupons out there (4 people 3 races, $60.00) that make it affordable and worth every penny.  Go with a group and the experience is much better.  All ages are welcome although the website doesn't state that clearly and they recommend no younger than 10 although the parent discretion will govern.There are vending machines with drinks and chips and medicine (???) but no other food or drink.There is limited seating to view the race.
4	Fun fun fun! I'm not the fastest driver, but it was nice to go somewhere different than Pole Position.
1	Came here with 6 other people. First off they have horrible customer service. No ventilation, karts were in a poor condition, out of my 3 races 2 of my cars would have a stuck steering wheel. The fumes were horrible, there was no ventilation to get the fumes out. The helmets were very musky, almost made me not want to wear one. Had 2 other guys in our group and they drove very aggressive, when asked to skip the race with them the girl in the front rudely responded that she could not do anything for us. Never coming back.
3	My friend bought a pre-loaded card at Costco wayyyy back and wanted to use the card.  Do I want to try go-karting?  OK!  Let me state first that I have never go-karted before.  I had a great time and was glad the place wasn't crowded (we went during the week during the mid-afternoon).Cost: $25/race (each race lasts 10 minutes).  Mandatory headsocks available for $2 each (can bring these next visit).  Lockers are $0.50.  There were a couple of vending machines with the usual products for the usual jacked-up prices.The track itself wasn't extremely complicated (see photos).  Prior to racing, we had to watch a safety video (no bumping....green pedal is the gas pedal, red is the brake, etc.).  Then we chose our helmets (Small through XXL) and gloves and were directed to our karts.  The place looked clean enough and the staff were really nice.I can't imagine doing this in the summer!  There's a lot of heat generated by the karts.  Definitely go during the winter.  This would be a fun group outing during the holidays if you wanted to spend some Christmas cash.Wear closed-toe shoes!  No sandals/flip-flops allowed!
1	The lady at the desk was rude. I brought my three boys there as soon as we walked in the girl at the desk said the boys were to small even before they were measured. I said no all of them are over 48''. Then she measured all of them and they were all over 48''. Then she said it's going to be like a hour and a half. Their were only 10 cars in the parking lot. Then she said pole position would be better for the kids. I guess they don't need the money that I was going to spend. Which would have been like two hundred dollars. I would have giving them no stars if I could. Just go to pole position that's what the girl at the desk says.
1	This place is horrid. It's stifling hot and there were only 2 cars available for a bunch of kids. Used the groupon, won't make that mistake again. With exception of the receptionist, who has perfect customer service skills, the staff is unfriendly.  NEVER coming back.
1	Do not bother!! I called on a Thursday to schedule a party of 6 - I was told no problem , no reservations needed, when we arrived on Sunday we were turned away - they stated a bigger party has booked the facility and too bad - bad attitude and no apologies - we will never go back - went to Pole Position around the corner and had a great time!!
1	keep posting this on fast lap ` POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE! Perhaps when someone makes an effort to get a party of 6 to come to your establishment you make an effort to gather contact information. This would be helpful when you decide (LAST MINUTE) to close your establishment for a private party, you then can contact or provide some compensation for the customers you turn away without any consideration. BAD ATTITUDE, ENJOY YOUR PRIVATE PARTIES
5	My fourth visit to fastlap was quite memorable. great friendly staff as always. They treat you very nicely and the track is fun. Everyone I bring over all love the place and are excited to go again. To me that's a great feeling. Definitely a good place to visit if you're ever in Vegas.I decided to write a review about this place because of the four rude men that were in here yesterday causing drama like little kids at the sand box in front of families and children, thanks for helping me choose my favorite spot and causing pole position all their business with me and my friends. I really respect fastlap now. No more business with pole and I will tell everyone not to support an immature company like them.
5	Came here for a private event and LOVED IT!! Carts were fast, but safe, and the staff was great and very helpful, especially for first timers that were with us. Will definitely be coming back with my other friends...it's the perfect way to spend a fun day with friends or a date.
1	Don't support this venue. Terrible Terrible customer service. We had a party of six and they told us it would be a 1 hour wait. When we got in there a private party was doing their races but otherwise we were nearly the only other ones waiting. Three hours later we asked why we keep getting bumped and they said they weren't sure because "that is impossible." Well, my 3+ hour wait told me they had no idea what was going on with scheduling and they still never could get us scheduled for a race. We finally left. Other people who came in after us were having the same complications. They were completely unorganized, not apologetic, and the lady at the front desk was actually quite rude. What a disappointment and waste of an afternoon on my short weekend vacation.
5	My fiance, friends, and I had an absolute blast here - it was really a highlight of our trip to Vegas.Got the groupon for 4 people for $75.  I emailed the company regarding sizing for myself (6'4 290 lbs).  I got a friendly and swift response from them saying I'd have no problem fitting.  Well, as it turned out, I did fit, but it was very tight...they said anybody up to 350 lbs an a 44 waist could fit, I'm 290 with a 42...can't imagine adding another 60 lbs and still being able to fit.In any event, the staff was very friendly and made sure that riders were being as safe as possible - they were very hands on.  I love that they give out the printout of how everyone did after the race - very cool how precise it is.I'd definitely recommend going here and I'm sure I'll go back next time we visit Vegas.  I would also recommend calling ahead of time to make sure they don't have the place booked for a party.
2	Fast lap is not worth the money. First they don't take GROUPON on Saturday, even though the place was empty and no where on the GROUPON did it state this. Secondly the staff was rude, probably another reason they were empty. There are better Kart racing in Vegas. Go to another place.
5	Best deal in Vegas. Very helpful receptionist Riley. Strongly recommended to come and enjoy. Remember to print coupon which you can find online. Buy 1 get 1 free.
2	Good price, however my husband was riding car 20 and it got so hot it burnt his side. He let the staff and management know and they really didn't care. Won't be going back
1	HORRIBLE PLACE NEVER GO HERE! Unless you want a sprained or broken ankle. I went yesterday with a group of friends and they gave me kart 20. I was racing and the brakes went out, I went full speed into the wall and sprained my ankle. The staff did not care and did not help at all. And after that happened they put someone in the same kart. I had to go to the quick care were they told me my ankle was so sprained they are surprised it was not broken. Place is disgusting and a waste of money go to Pole Position. This doesn't even deserve a star but they make you give it a star to even post anything.
5	Fast lap is the best!! Everyone is super nice and welcoming and their karts and track are LEGIT. I am also a huge fan of the low prices and speedy service. Overall, A+
5	It's a lot of fun and it's so addicting. They are open late every day which is very convenient. Me and my boyfriend went on a Saturday night and there were just 2 people racing, so we thought we might be racing alone on the track. Right after us two groups showed up and we ended up racing all together, but it was actually better to race with more people and at the end we got to look at the scores because the karts track the laps and the timing. The best time yo go there is night time especially during the summer because it might get hot in there during the day.
1	So i got a groupon for this place to get 2 races for 2 people.  Which made the value of the race worth it to me.To make a long story short i'm giving this place such a bad review because i'm concerned for the safety of their vehicles.  I took a date there with me yesterday and the car i was on actually gave me a physical burn.  to which i woke up with a blister this morning.  During the 10 minute race the engine must of been blowing the exhaust against my metal chair or something because i could it was burning bad.  After the racei thought maybe i just found the bad apple.  The second race comes around and my date told me HER cart had the same issue that time around.  So 2 different carts that were burning people.... What if i was a little kid driving around the cart getting burnt?   Between this and the hot mugginess of the track, (It's indoor kart racing but they just blow the hot summer air inside all over to ventilate the gasoline fumes from the karts).  I cant say i plan to be coming back here anytime soon.  We had a decent time cause it's still racing go karts but not the best experience out there.   I'd honestly say stick with pole position.
5	We came here with a group of six on a Thursday night for 2 heats and had a blast!!Very fast track, too. I am sure we will be visiting more in the future.
5	This is the second year in a row that I flew my grandson (now 9 years old) down to Las Vegas to race three days in a row unlimited races.  He races Outlaw Winged Sprint Karts (circle track dirt) and this paved road course driving provides him additional skills as he is headed for a career in NASCAR down the road.  I cannot express more strongly how well EVERYONE at FAST LAP treats us.  He posted the fastest laps for the month of August 2014 and received a lot of help from all the guys that work the track.  Shawn, Aaron, Mike, Joey (both Joey's)  We will be back again next year you can bet!  Head down there and tell them 9 year old Jadan and his grandfather sent you!
4	Great time. We had a groupon here a while ago and they even gave us extra laps for each racer. It was a fun time. Wish it was outdoor though. The karts are in good condition and the track is definitely a fun one. If you are a beginner or a pro you will definitely have a great time here!!!
3	When I went it was in a big group (my family is huge) but it was a lot of fun! I feel like they need mot organization with who's on the next race list, cause there were a few times they told me I was going next but had to wait like 3 races. If you plan on going in a group make sure you use groupon (4 people for $75) otherwise its like $25 bucks a race per person. or go in the middle of the day if you're trying not to be there all night.
4	"America is all about speed. Hot, nasty, badass speed."-Eleanor Roosevelt, 1936I love go karts. Plain and simple. I love pretty much anything that's fast and aggressive though. If you do too, you'll like this place just fine. Safety equipment is provided on site (i.e. full face helmets, neck braces). The staff is friendly and helpful. I had a small group and they obliged when I asked if we could hold off a race until we could have the track to ourselves. Pricing isn't bad considering they aren't kiddy go karts so you'll actually get some speed out of them,  but not too much kart in case you're a newer driver. The safety video is short and sweet so you can get out to the track and get busy. I love the indoor warehouse track so you don't have to worry about blinding sunlight being an issue while driving. I'm not a gambler so overall it's one of my favorite things about Las Vegas.Now for the "room for improvement" comments: In all my trips here I have never seen the "passing flag" used. Ever. It doesn't matter if you're blatantly being slowed down by people thinking it's a person vs person race (it's not, it's just about lap time). I don't know if that flag even exists. If the worst drivers in the world happen to be in Las Vegas, they will show up to this track and they will be grouped into your race bracket. It happens every time. I mean people who have to be purposely driving that bad. It's unreal. Picture Mario Kart, scrambled with heavy doses of dumb. If the employees separated racers on skill level or experience this would be a 5 star rating without question. However I've never been here and not had at least one race ruined by other drivers. If it was free I wouldn't care but it's Vegas, nothing is free.
3	We grabbed a fast lap discount card from Costco for for laps. We made it out there and it's nice. The coupon card however does not include the head covering $2 each. They bring you to the locker room for a safety video and some coveralls for everyone to share. The coarse is not large and I found it boring at times. A "lap" is about 10 minutes long. Remember to wear closed toed shoes!
