3	"Hand rubbed meat can't be beat." That's what a t-shirt reads. It's hung up on the wall next to other things, like posters with catchy phrases and local acknowledgments of Hap's being the best BBQ around town. This place is really just a hop, skip and jump from my office. On a rainy November day, BBQ sounds superb. So, I hop, skip and jump over to Hap's. It's my first time and I'm curious to see how they do BBQ. After all, I hail from the south, you could say, and have eaten some pretty great BBQ in Oklahoma and Texas. At Hap's around 12 on a Friday, there's a line out the door. I agree to wait. The wait allows me to check out the decor and patrons. It's mostly men here, and I begin to think, "What a meat market." Literally, with pulled pork, lamb, chicken, ham and links as your choices. But, all I see when I look around are young and middle aged men. Some are rather cute. Who knew such things existed in this business area off Washington and 48th St. I'm not the only one with wandering eyes. I notice several of the patrons take notice of me, the only young female in the place. Yep, that's right. I'm here for the BBQ. The menu is a bit cumbersome to read. There's the regular menu and a catering one. Then there's a small black board with suggested specials. I jump at the chance to try their smoked BBQ lamb with their mint dressing on the side. Mint isn't the only dressing option you have, but it sounded like the ideal match for lamb - even the little black board said so. So, it's my turn at the register. The woman behind the counter gives me a big, friendly smile. I smile back. "I'd like to try your smoked lamb sandwich with mint on the side." I tell her it's to go. She punches up my total - $5.07 - runs my card and hands me a receipt. She also asks for my name, for when you place an order here and it's ready, they shout out your name. Not some number. Not profanity. Your name. Very cool. Well, they didn't have a chance to shout my name. While the woman hands me my receipt copy and card, a man leans over the counter. "Alicia?" Yep. "Here you go. Enjoy." I didn't even have to wait one millisecond. I snatch up the bag and left. It's not that I wanted to eat there, but if I had, there wouldn't have been any open booths anyway - just a couple of stools against the wall, nearly in the way of the line of hungry lunchers. I anticipate biting into the sandwich and having an "oohhh" moment. The sandwich is sloppy, pieces of lamp escaping the entrapment of the bun. I dunk the lamb pieces in the mint dressing, which is my favorite part of the sandwich. Don't get me wrong, the meat is good. It just didn't wow me. Nor did the bun, which is your basic hamburger bun you can buy at the grocery store. The sauce was also just okay. I mean, I could tell it was BBQ sauce, but, let's face it, it wasn't oh-my-god BBQ sauce. So... 3 stars for Hap's. I can see why Phoenix likes this place, for it offers up a plethora of BBQ options and sides, including broccoli and cheese casserole. Or, supposedly, they have a really great cauliflower casserole. My friend says so. If that's not your thing, there's bags of chips, cobbler (peach, cherry, etc.), chocolate nut brownies and even coleslaw. So, why not a higher rating? Because I wasn't wowed by their translation of BBQ. Granted, I ordered one simple sandwich, but even that one simple sandwich, with all its flavor and sustenance, wasn't enough for me to deem this place my preferred lunch destination. Yet, it's definitely worth checking out. (But, as my friend told me, "It's no Honey Bears.")
4	I just stopped by Hap's to pick up some ribs and chicken for the first NFL game of the year. I have eaten here once before and forgot the great smoked taste that all of their meats have. I would compare it to something like a Shane's Barbecue, not really a hole in the wall type barbecue spot but definitely small and very clean. I think the meat has a much better taste than Shane's, more of a smoked taste rather than relying on the sauce for the taste. I would say this is more of a pick-up type place and for sure a place to get some family sized meals for a small party or during a game.
4	HOLY SHAROLEE!!!  My co-worker and best friend suggested that we run down to Haps for a quick bite and to get out of the office for a bit.  Even though I brought lunch I was down for the escape. We get there and right when we get to the register in this little case they have like four different kinds of what looks to be cobblers.  They have a peach one.  A PEACH ONE!!  I was so stoked.  Peach is my favorite.  I ordered the special that they had on the sandwich board outside.  Hot ham and cheese.  A large drink and the peach cobbler.  The cashier immediately asks me if I want ice cream to go with it.  I decided no because it might melt before it would be of any use to my cobbler.  The employee that was going to make our sammiches is behind the counter and I see her go grab a peach cobbler and pop it into the microwave.  WOW its gonna be warm oooey goodness.  Fill my drink the large is L A R G E two hands needed.  I get done and our sammiches are ready.  Quick, quick, quick! We get back to the office and I dive into the peach.  Oh my goodness.  It was/is so good.  It was yummy.  I thought about sharing with my friend but decided against it.  Too good.  The sandwich was good.  I liked it and the price wasn't bad.
4	Cheap and awesome.  Pulled pork is the way to go.  No Kool Aid, missed on that one.  Overall one of the best lunch spots in the area
5	I went here with someone from work not expecting much, and holy cow, I was blown away. The pulled lamb is the best I've ever had. (And it comes with a side of this delicious mint sauce stuff that is so good.) They have amazing corn bread, garlic bread, and this spicy broccoli and cheese casserole. It's in a sort of bad part of town, but the rougher the neighborhood the better the barbque.
4	This place serves the best BBQ within 5miles of the place I currently spend most of my billing hours.  Certainly better than the BBQ Company on 36th.I get the 2 meat combo which comes with a side (beans), chips (good chips), and 2 meats of your choice for like $7.50-$8.  I've tried and been impressed with the Pulled Pork, Brisket, and Smoked Ham.  Their meats have a very nice flvor and are served with just a tiny drizzle of bbq sauce, nothing more.  The flavor of the meats speak for themselves, you really don't need bbq sauce, but the drizzle is a nice compliment as opposed to being the main dish as it is at other, gross, bbq places.Service is quick, efficient, and very friendly.  They have a lot of micro-brew-ish sodas, fresh homemade deserts, and other yummy treats, if that's your thing.
3	Ive seen this place riding on the lightrail, but have not stopped here until now because they A) do not have thier own stop and it requires me to drive down, and B) are not open past 4 on Saturdays and are closed on Sundays.  So I finally drag myself down there on Saturday for some BBQ.  The place is part of a really nice clean little strip mall with adaquate parking.  Place has adaquate seating and you order at the counter.  No waiter service here, which is fine by me.They have lunch and dinner options, and being that I wasnt all that hungry for a dinner plate on a Saturday afternoon, I went for a Beef Brisket sandwich.  The "lunch" menu is more ala carte.  No sides, and you chose what you want to go with your order.  The lady at the register said its a better value to get the dinner plate, which comes with some sides, and is only a few dollars more.  I just didnt want that much food this time so I kept it small.The sandwich was fine.  Not the greatest, but I did enjoy my experience here.  I will probably return and try the dinner plate at some point, as this place seems legit, clean and has a full menu.  I was torn between 3 and 4 stars, and being that I wasnt blown away, I went with 3 stars since I I felt that was more realistic to my experience there then bumping it up to 4.  Its worth a shot at this place, and I really did like it.
5	Because I was running late I left work without eating lunch.  Yelp on my iPhone pointed out Haps as being an excellent place to eat on my way to I-17.Food is awesome.  Everything I had, (sampler) ranging from smoked chicken, ribs, pulled pork and brisket was really, really awesome.  And not that I'm into it but the sampler plate (to go) must have weighed 5 pounds.  No way I could finish.One of those little hidden gems that you have to go find.  HIghly recommend and will gladly go back again.
5	Love this place! I've searched out good BBQ in Phoenix and I have finally found a great "lunch spot." I've also had the catering a couple times and it is also great. Good prices, the line (every day at lunch!) moves fast... and you can eat outside almost every day. I always get the Brisket Sandwich "meal" but my friends tell me the Pulled Pork is better... I guess it's all good!
4	Went here for lunch with a co-worker.  We both had the combo sandwiches (half pulled pork, half pulled chicken)  I like the potato salad as the spices in it were good.  My co-worker enjoyed the broccoli casserole.  Good portions at a fair price.
4	So after an uneventful  trip to Honey Bears the previous week I decided to try out Hap's.  It is just as close to my house and the reviews were pretty decent so I wanted to try for myself.  I got the Brisket sandwich which was actually really good.  The sauce was dripping out the sides all nice and messy like a BBQ sandwich should be.  It was a tangy and sweet sauce with nice flavor.  The brisket was chopped into nice pieces so every bite you weren't ripping it apart.  I also had corn bread as my side.  It was decent sweet and crumbly like it should be.  Overall I think I have made the switch I still have to try out Stacey's but Hap's is quality and they have a great menu even including lamb.
4	Good service bbq was tastee. Overall happy!
5	Best BBQ in the Phoenix Metro hands down.  Forget Honey Bears, Joe's, The Pits Again, and throw Famous Dave's out the window also.  If you are looking for great BBQ Hap's is it.There are several reason's to love Hap's.  But the only reason to love a BBQ joint is because of their meat.  Not only does Hap's have the traditional beef, pork, and chicken, but they also have some odder choices as well like lamb, and ham (some places have ham but most don't).  Hap's uses a combo of pecan and green mesquite wood for smoking (I don't know anyone that uses green mesquite).  This combo gives the meat a really rich smoke flavor but does not hide the taste of the meat.  This rich taste also insures that you don't need to use sauce on your meal (Thank God for wood and fire).  The sides at Hap's are a good compliment as well.  Garlic mashes, bean medily, and fresh made potato salad are some of the best.  If you are a rib fan then Hap's is your place.  They don't serve babys but spares are my favorite anyway and Hap's brisket and pulled pork are very flavorful as well.If you are wanting BBQ in Phoenix Metro Hap's is your place.  They only have one location so it gets real busy during the lunch hour.  I would suggest to call ahead and have your meal waiting for pickup.
3	Good service bbq was tastee. Overall happy!
4	Good, solid bbq! Looked up this place online as it is close to my hotel. Didn't have a car so made the 1 mile walk on over in the desert heat. I arrived sweating feverishly, but was quickly cooled off by the pleasant  staff. The guy at the counter was super nice and made me feel right at home there. I wasn't sure what kind of sandwich to order and he suggested the beef brisket. It was awesome! Tender, juicy cuts of brisket with a perfectly balanced bbq sauce on a soft bun. I know this may seem odd to comment on the Coke I had, but even it was just right... I hate when on a hot day I grab a cup to get some coke from the coke dispenser and it's not fresh. The pop here was nice and bubbly just like I like it. Prices were extremely reasonable, staff was friendly, & food was fast and fresh (and so was the coke).
3	Decided to go to Hap's for lunch today from my fellow Yelpers reviews. I had the pulled pork sandwich Tennessee style, potato salad, Cole slaw, and Mr Pibb. I will say that when I walked in it was clean, busy, and smelled pretty good. They do use the old fashioned wight up a ticket and put it on the cooks line. So, one guys order seemed to get over looked while i was waiting in line. No biggie to me, he seemed a little irritated. They promptly took care of him in a hurry though. I got my food pretty quick, unwrapped my sandwich and was very much pleased at my $4.69 sandwich. It was piled on with pork and did have just the right amount of sauce ( not too much where that is all you taste) I enjoyed the pork very much, it wasn't fatty at all and had a really nice flavor. The sides were a little lackluster for me. The Cole slaw was "OK" pretty bland, not a lot of flavor. The Potato salad on the other hand was full of flavor, just not the flavor I like. I think it had some kind artichoke in it. I guess im used to the mustard potato salad mom used to make. Overall I would recommend this place. I will be back for the beef brisket and more Mr. Pibb.
4	Stopped in here today after reading the reviews of others. The ribs are delicious. I also had ham and beef brisket although good there was nothing special about them. I really enjoyed the Old Settler Beans. I am not much of a potato salad person so I took one bite and I was done. My friend found it to be wonderful and ate both hers and mine. I must admit this is some of the best BBQ I have found here in AZ. I will definitely return for the ribs they were tender, flavorful and just all around wonderful.
2	I stopped in here for lunch, and I have to say, I don't know what the fuss is about.First of all, it's fast food, so to say this is better than Famous Dave's or  Joe's is a little absurd.  It is a fast food restaurant, and the food is fast food quality.  Some of the other reviews unfortunately led me to believe this would be on a par with some of the other great BBQ joints around.I had the pulled pork sandwich, with mashed potatoes and garlic toast on the side.  The sandwich itself was fine, although as one other reviewer mentioned, it was a little bland.  The meat was also not piled particularly high, as evidenced by its failure to fall out of the sandwich and onto the foil wrapper.The garlic toast was not really garlic toast.  It was more like a toasted sandwich bun with butter and a little bit of garlic salt.  There was not fresh garlic on it, nor did it even taste like garlic.  Very disappointing.The mashed potatoes were even worse.  I ate less than half; there was no flavor (maybe throw a little garlic in there?), and the texture was more pasty than soft and fluffy.  After the first bite, I took a few more out of obligation, and set it aside.I did like to see the lamb on the menu.  I will definitely be back to give it a try.  But the most spectacular part of my meal was the bottled root beer, and that should never happen when you go to eat BBQ.  It seems like they just generally have an inexplicable fear of garlic.  Maybe they're vampires?2.5 stars.  At least it's better than Honey Bear's.
3	I'm hard to please when it comes to barbecue, and I wasn't particularly impressed by the barbecue at Hap's.  Now, admittedly, I went out on a limb and tried somthing that was a risk--barbecue pulled lamb.  But I had the lamb in a combo with the barbecue pulled pork to ameliorate the risk.  I wasn't impressed with the pork, either.The side dishes and choices of breads are much more interesting.  I had the garlic mashers and cornbread and both were solid and tasty choices.The barbecue sauce was good, but nothing special.I wouldn't want to start a barbecue war, but I'd recommend the nearby Honey Bear's over Hap's.
4	I have to admit I was pleasantly surprised. I have frequently commented that the number of good BBQ joints in Phoenix is lacking. This is located in a small shopping area just down from my office and today I decided to stop by with a friend rather than my typical drive past.We arrived at a great time - just seconds before the long line formed. She ordered the pulled pork sandwich and I went for the same but Tennessee style (that's topped with slaw for y'all from from the south). David B. described the quality of food in relationship to the decor. Another indicator is the level of sloppiness. When I slowly opened the aluminum foil and saw the saucey/cole slaw mess, my expectations increased. The sandwich was of large size and presented a dilema for me and my dining partner (perhaps more for her as she was wearing a nice business suit) - do we dive in and end up wearing half it on our pants and shirt, or should we be civilized and use a knife and fork. Yes, the alternative would require both utensils. Given we had several work hours left in the day, we elected the later. The flavor was excellent. The saucy perfect and the slaw set it off just right. Two large sandwiches and two medium drinks - just over $13. I was seriously eyeing that piece of sweet potato pie or the brownie...who am I kidding? AND the brownie...but I refrained.I have to put this spot near the top of my Phoenix BBQ locations. I will definitely come back again.
4	I'm originally from NC, so needless to say, I'm incredibly picky about my BBQ.  For instance, I feel that neither the sauce nor the smoke should over-power the meat.  No place in the valley has a true NC BBQ sauce, but if you like thicker, heavy BBQ sauces as opposed to the thinner, vinegar based sauces that we have in NC, then you will love Hap's sauce.  I'm of the opinion that smoke should complement the meat not over-power it, and they absolutely achieve this expectation of mine.  You shouldn't assume that I mean that their BBQ has no flavor; it absolutely does, and it is perfectly balanced.With that said, Hap's is by far the best BBQ I have found in the valley.  Their ribs and pulled pork are spectacular!  They have a strong, smoky flavor without over-doing the smoke as a lot of places do.  Their brisket is not as good as the ribs and pork, but It's still better than most places I've tried in the Phoenix area.  This opinion has to do to with my pork biases: We don't think highly of beef BBQ in NC.  I've tried their lamb as well, which I wasn't a fan of, but if you like beef BBQ, you probably would love the brisket or lamb.  My only complaint is that they're not open on Sundays.  I highly recommend this place!
4	I'm not a BBQ snob, I'm not from the South, I don't know what things are called when you add coleslaw to them, I don't have a pit in my backyard.  Yet, my love affair with pork runs deep, to the bone, kinda like how I love my grandma but pork isn't racist, so it's almost MORE pure.  I've even been known to cook pork myself, braise it, slow cook it, dance with it. Hap's pulled pork sandwiches are god damn awesome, I don't care what anyone says.  The pork is perrrfectly cooked, tasty, mounted on some nondescript buns and served in easy-to-open foil inside a brown paper bag of wonderful.  I've never eaten anything else here, and I probably never will. I also like the quaint atmosphere and how it's always busy enough at lunch time for you to know it's good, but not so busy that it takes an hour to get in and out of there.  Another thing I like about Hap's is that they take down you first name and call it out when your food is ready.  This may seem menial, but it adds a bit of personability to a place which I always can appreciate.My co-workers have gotten the pulled chicken and beef and all that other stuff and they too share my love for this great lunch time spot.  The only negative I will say about Hap's is that every time I eat it I want to take a nap right after; which isn't so bad considering I have a job in which sleeping could be considered MORE productive.
4	I've been there a few times, and it's good enough to keep coming back. The BBQ lamb is fairly unique, and has a very nice taste to it. The sandwiches come on a bakery-style bun, as opposed to the super cheap hamburger buns you see at most fast-food BBQ places. Not gourmet, but noticeably better.The garlic mashed potatoes were surprisingly good. Again, not gourmet, but for just over a buck, a nice addition to the sandwich.There are still quite a few things on the menu I need to try, and I'm looking forward to going back.
5	Hap's is a happening bbq place. The pulled pork sandwich is OMGosh darn great! The smoked chicken salad is, I crave it, good. Some day I'll try something else but I just love the pulled pork sandwich or the smoked chicken salad. Hap's is always way busy at lunch time. You order at the counter and pick up your food yourself. The employees are very accomodating and polite.You'll understand once you give them a try. Parking is a bit of a problem but there is street parking as well. It's a bit of a drive for me, but well worth the drive. It is close to GateWay Community College and Sky Harbor airport. They offer a catering service which is a plus in my book.
4	Perhaps with the exception of the lamb (which is really just a novelty anyway), everything is very well done - all the essentials (pulled pork, spare ribs, brisket) are cooked and served the way they should be.  Sauce is served warm and delicious, although no sauce is provided on the side.  I have not seen or tasted anything much better at BBQ competitions. Only room for improvement is on the sides... cornbread is a little dry.  But when you want good BBQ'd meat, do you really trust someone that spent too much time baking?  Focus on what's important!As a "tip" for getting great value, get the rib tips sandwich, served open face.  It is a very generous portion for the cost and the meat is surprising meaty and tender, considering this cut is really just a byproduct.  All sandwiches are served on a warm bun that is fresh and has perfect size and texture so to not distract from the meat and sauce.I actually look forward to CPA seminars across the street (AZ Society of Certified Public Accountants) because of Haps.
4	Great Food, Great working people that know what their doing, and great vision from the owner.  Quality and service are top notch with a clean environment is hard to beat.  I don't know who has the best bbq anymore.  Give me a suggestion if you know of any. Of Course Ribs at the best, Pulled Pork, rib tips and many sides to choose from.   I had no idea of the 24th Street and Jefferson Location, Thanks David B.
4	I'll start by saying that Barbecued  Pork is my absolute favorite food.  I could eat BBQ Pork and coleslaw every single day if I knew I'd live.  And Hap's definitely delivered on awesome barbecue.  To me, I want the people who make my bbq to have a passion for the pit, to love the craft, because really, it is a craft.  And as soon as I walked in the lady (owner?) behind the counter spoke to me with such dedication about how Hap's barbecues their pork...and why it was the best joint in town. Awesome.  She also hooked me up with some extra pork because I couldn't decide what I wanted...everything just sounded too good and mouth couldn't stop watering. That's customer service.  When I did finally decide and got my order it was just what I wanted. Succulent pulled pork on an open faced sandwich that wasn't skimpy on the sauce.  The sauce was incredible too, a really flavorful zing that was way beyond what you can get in the grocery store.  My meal also came with delicious and moist corn bread and a good helping of coleslaw....you just can't get bbq pork with out coleslaw..Im sorry but its absolutely necessary :P  Bottom line, awesome joint where the people really care about the food they make which definitely shows.
3	A small family-run type of restaurant; friendly service, good food, and speedy. I like their BBQ sauce and they have a great lunch special...it's about $7 and you can get a pulled BBQ sandwich with your choice of meat, garlic mashers (yummy, chunky garlic mashed potatoes), a bag of chips, and a drink. Great deal. I usually order an extra side of sauce otherwise I find it a little on the drier side...I like my BBQ sandwiches soaked. Yum! Good food and a good place to go for a quick lunch.
3	Sorry, but I'm just not a huge fan. My co-workers seemed to like it and they get pretty good reviews, so maybe it was just an off day for them. The beans were pretty good since they had bacon in them, but there were lima beans in them too. Yuck!
5	The best BBQ in Tempe and the service is awesome.  What more can you ask for?
4	I've tried several of the bbq joints in the valley and Haps by far is a cut above the others. Had the sampler the other day and it was awesome! Brisket was nice and tender, the ribs peeled right off the bone, the pulled pork melted in my mouth, the chicken was delicious, and the lamb left me wanting more. And, I don't even like lamb all that much. I chose baked beans for the side and they didn't disapoint. I will definitely go back to Haps for an encore.
3	I do simple reviews after having BBQ in 49 states...  :)Pork: GreatChicken: GreatBeef: GoodRibs: AwesomeBeans: Awesome - Strangely similar to what you get at Joe's in Gilbert...  Hmmm....Slaw: Meh.  I'm not a fan of the large chunks of cabbage.  I like mine shredded better.The seating is very limited and the line gets long around noon (out the door long).  It's best to get it to go.
3	Okay, so Kevin and I initially wanted to go to Samauri Sams next door, but they closed at 5 (seriously??), so we checked out Yelp reviews for this place and decided to give it a go. The atmosphere was... interesting. Very loud mural on the wall of a cartoon pig cooking meat, with innuendos littered all over the place (see photos other reviewers have left). It is a very clean establishment, and the staff was super welcoming and friendly. I am not a huge fan of barbecue, but my pulled pork sandwich was amazing, as well as the warm cornbread I got on the side. Kevin got something similar with some spicy sausage or something. I didn't care for his, mostly because I don't like spicy things, but he enjoyed it. I think the food and the staff is worth between 4 and 5 stars, but OMG the music. Nothing but really lame jazz and 90's soul music. Each song was progressively worse than the last, and I kid you not - Brian McKnight came on and I just about lost it. The music did not match the atmosphere and killed the vibe for us, although we had a few giggles and fully enjoyed being there anyway. Would I go again? Yes. Would I most likely strangle the person in charge of music next time? You can count on it.
1	Since my previous review last year, I've eaten at Haps quite a few more times.  After lunch today (a coworker insisted we go there), I think it's finally time to reduce this to one star.Why?Well, in short, it's because they cut every corner they can find.  I've already mentioned the terrible side dishes.  The flavorless mashed potatoes, the garlic-less garlic toast, etc.  The buns they use are terrible; it's dry, spongy, and completely flavorless.  The scoop of ice cream they put on top of the cobbler (which they charge you about $1.50 for) is that yellow garbage you get in those five gallon buckets labeled "frozen dairy dessert product."And perhaps most indicative of their overall cheapness, they replaced the Henry Weinhard's root beer with that plastic bottled A&W crap some time last year.  Yes, I can tell the difference, and yes, that move alone cost them my business.For the record, my lunch today (a pulled pork sandwich, a cup of cobbler with a scoop of ice cream, and a cup of water) cost me almost $12.  With a drink, that would have been $14.  For low quality food, those prices are unacceptable.I guess people in Arizona like this garbage.  If someone tells you this place has good food, you can rest assured they either have no taste buds or actually like bad food.
1	Potato salad not good at all. Beans not good at all. Ribs were really pink and when its pork I rather be safe than sorry. U ordered garlic bread and that was a joke ! How can u mess up garlic bread cmon guys ! Youll never see me there again but u can catch at honey bears tho !
4	I work for the airlines and love barbecue so Haps is the "only" place. Honey Bears is a joke and quite simply their is no great barbecue in the entire valley. Period! Anyone who thinks otherwise is not very well traveled.The four star rating I give Haps is based on the Arizona "handicap" scale. Their biggest problem is the meat inconsistency, from day to day they can easily slide to 3 ... and lord help me ... 2 Arizona stars. I don't know who manages this joint but ... Dude!So why am I a regular at Haps, well I love barbecue and have learned to navigate the mine fields. Luckily the sauce is always consistent and if push comes to shove you can always drown the poor beast. However on the occasional excellent day, no sauce is required. Go figure! The most consistent meat is the Ribs, the really safe bet is to buy the ribs individually, they tend to use the best center cuts. The beans are always excellent and the garlic mashers are the other stand out.  The rest of the sides are downright embarrassing, in fact the lack of imagination is appalling. Once again ... Dude!Haps really needs a proper master smoker who can bring back meat consistency and dream up some edible sides. Then they would really deserve a proper 4 star rating. Until then ... IT IS WHAT IT IS!!!
4	i gave hap's a 4 star because their ribs are damn good.  i have ordered the same item during lunch time.  so my review may not included all that hap's has to offer.i ordered a ribs & chicken combo with 1 side and a drink for $12.  kinda pricey for a lunch but i figured if the meat taste great then it's worth the cost.  well, the ribs and chicken taste great and my coleslaw was just okay.the day we went it was busy and seating was a little hard to find.  but other lunch days we are the only ones inside.  nice look inside the restaurant.all in all, not a bad place for some above average ribs and if you are living large and want some ribs on the spot check out hap's pit bbq.
5	This place is great! I've been here (not often) over the past 8-10 years and they always have great, tender ribs.  The combination meat sampler plate is great for first timers.  Pricing is a little high but that's because BBQ isn't cheap, especially when it is done right.I wish they had coupons.  But they do have daily specials.
1	One star for their great service. Food was the worst BBQ ever, horrible, ribs were rare?  Yes pink stuck to the bone not done, threw them away.   Expensive and horrible food.
3	Having only a short window for lunch during a training session I decided to try hap's in Phoenix. While the service and establishment are bright and open, the special smoked chicken salad was so so. A mixture of field greens and minimal tomatoes and raisins left much to be desired. The chicken itself was a little bland but I did refuse the side of bbq sauce. The salad did arrive quickly allowing enough time to eat and return to class.
4	Corn bread was delicious! Bbq sauce tasted great. Wish it was closer.
3	I know my que. This is crap. The only thing authentic is the mess you make cuz they only give you a slab of tin foil as a plate.Cheap ass bun. Cheap ass sauce taste like a jug from costco.WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY TOOOOOOOOOOOOOO EXPENSIVE FOR THE CHEAP ASS PORTIONS.
2	When I first reviewed this place, I think I was at a loss for good southern BBQ.  Now that I've eaten at Haps a few times, I've noticed a few of the annoying things they do with their food. First, when you come to Haps, you never smell smoking meat, which makes me wonder if they smoke their own BBQ, or they buy it precooked from a distributor.  I've seen them use the microwave to heat their baked beans and their pulled pork, which makes me think they don't cook the BBQ in house.  Their food is certainly better than fast food, but maybe not as good as some other BBQ places in the Valley
3	Good lunch spot for some simple BBQ food. This is near my office, so I've eaten there several times. I usually get 1/4 chicken all white meat of BBQ chicken, and a couple ribs on the side. The BBQ sauce is tasty, and the meat quality is good. It's a perfect quick lunch spot.
4	Hap's is in an area of town that doesn't have that many healthy lunch options.  I get the 1/4 Chicken Only (No Sides) 2 Piece-White (Breast and Wing.) Sauce on the side.  The breast is a nice piece of smoked meat that they put on the grill for a minute to heat up when served.  Discard the skin and enjoy only the end chunk off the wing and you've got a pretty good high-protein lunch for under $4 for the paleo-diet oriented crowd.
2	I was not impressed with the sauce. And the beef seemed real greasy. Im use to sliced beef instead of shredded. Corn bread fell apart into a million crumbs when I took it out of the wrapper. I just wasnt impressed at all. The people were friendly and was a clean facility.
4	Every spring we spend two weeks in Phoenix for spring training.  Each year we go to Haps several times for a quick lunch.  We stick with the sandwiches - pulled pork, brisket, chicken, or ham.  They are all very good.  The sauce is excellent but they never give us enough so we order more.  My family loves the slaw (uhgg).  The other sides are OKayish but not on par with the BBQ. The best part is the hot peach cobbler for dessert.  The prices are adequate.  The location is near a lot of things or at least en-route.  The staff is efficient and friendly. As for the BBQ:  The meat is smoked and cooked with a rub not in the sauce.  Some people like this but I prefer my BBQ to be cooked in or basted with the sauce.  The BBQ sauce is served more as a condiment/topping or dip.  The sauce is bold like a Texas BBQ with some hints of sweetness of KC style.In short, we will go to Haps again and again.  We will and have recommended this eatery to family and close friends.
5	One of the best we have found in Phoenix. Their ribs are excellent, hot links good (could be a bit spicier) and brisket very good. They even have BBQ lamb, which a few of my friends love. I go there every time I am in the area. They used to have a location on the West side of town but the landlord got greedy and raised the rent too high, so the one East of the Airport is the only one... for now! Going there for lunch today!
5	I found this place in a trailer near downtown Phx 12 years ago-- then they were in the Great AZ BBQ cook off and  I loved their ribs--  been looking for them for years an just found them today--  the rib tips and the ribs are still fantastic  -- they are close to the airport in a real locationgo try them
1	I went to Hap's for the first time today.  I work down the street and everyone told me the BBQ was pretty good.  I believed them because it's not that hard to put a good rub on a piece of meat and let it smoke.  I went because I heard they actually serve smoked salmon (which I love).  So I ordered the smoked salmon wrap, a side of coleslaw and a drink.  Total $10!  I know BBQ is a craft and I understand the pricing but I was expecting some great pieces of smoke salmon in a wrap with some nice spinach, other veggies and maybe some kind of dressing.  What I got was a puree of something that resembled salmon mixed with mayonnaise and something else wrapped up in the tiniest flour tortilla.  It was a little bigger than a twinkie.  The coleslaw was a good size and texture but lacked flavor.  They might serve good BBQ but from what I saw, the portions were really small.  Based on my experience today I will not be going back to their restaurant.
5	My boyfriend and I couldn't decided where to go eat. We ended up coming into Hap's. I didn't know what to order so I asked the guy talking orders what he recommended if I wanted to eat some brisket. He recommended the brisket sandwich with coleslaw. OMG I think I inhaled the sandwich when I got it. Staff was friendly, place is clean and really neat with the drawings on the walls. Price is fair. I recommend this place and I will definitely will be going back.
3	Three star's is being generous food just was not that good for the price. Workers were nice that is about all.
2	Absolutely average at best. Service is pretty slow and the pork sandwich I had was very greasy. Restaurant was clean except the gang banging graffiti in the restroom. Pulled pork was ok, IMHO I believe no sauce should be put on your sandwich. Should always be on the side so we know you're not hiding anything with sauce, but as I said earlier, greasy. Single rib was just ok too. Obviously they do not take the time to remove the membrane from the back side. Pretty important to me. No combustion ring either. I think they may be cheating some way. Ive never smoked ribs, or anything else for that matter, that didn't have a ring when done. Potato salad tasted old and a bit over peppered.
3	This is a good all around little joint. The BBQ is tasty and on the same level as most chains. Unfortunately for the lunch crowd it's a little expensive, the price is usually driven up by the fact that they don't have meals. You have to order sides and a drink separate so $11-15 bucks for lunch isn't worth it.If I had one thing I could change it would be to add more traditional sides, a lunch menu and more cuts of meat as options. I've had the pulled pork a few times and it is very decent.
4	Second time here. Delicious as always. Authentic tasting barbecue and the sides are amazing. Will definitely return although it is not the healthiest food to eat! Just the right amount of sauce and they put it on the side so you can use as you wish with the perfect tang BBQ is supposed to taste like. Hands down best BBQ I've found in Phoenix yet. Pulled pork and beef brisket melt in your mouth and mashed potatoes taste like home.
1	Terrible & WAY over priced!I had the pulled pork sandwich with slaw & garlic bread for a side.The pork was ok by its self for smoked pork. As a pulled pork sandwich though, it was awful. The bbq sauce they put on it was store bought. The pork was dry & not well separated. The bun was SO bad. It was hard & tasted dry even with sauce. The "garlic ""bread"" was a cheap hamburger bun slathered in cheap garlic butter, then burned on one side which got soggy in the foil wrapper they serve it in. I would have got my money back on it, but I had a couple bites & just left. The tables were dirty too.
4	AMAZING! Everything is great, especially the pulled pork, the food is always hot, fast, and delicious! I've had take out and dined in, the food is always up to par. The employees are always friendly and funny. Grab some napkins for a finger licking good time!I suggest this place to everyone I work with since they are right across the street; I've been begging our managers to have Hap's cater a lunch for us! Seriously, enjoy! PS. Honey Bears doesn't hold a candle to Hap's!Only 4 stars because this restaurant should have later hours during the week, be open for more than 6 1/2 hours on Saturday, and just plain open on Sunday's. I get off work at 7 PM and would like to grab some Hap's for dinner but I can't because they close at 7.
1	So.. Being a BBQ Chef and all around BBQ snob, I thought I would check this place out.  I can at least say I've tried it.  Pulled pork: tasted like they just thawed it out after running to the grocery store and buying pre made.Brisket: smoke ring?? Nothing.  Very dry.Ribs: now the ribs I can get behind.  Very juicy and tender.  They didn't fall off the bone when you looked at them but they also didn't have to be tugged on by your teeth.  Take it or leave it, but this is just my opinion.
4	Amazing mashed potatoes!! I got the tub o' tips and let me tell you the ribs were amazing!! Smells good taste better!!
1	I had been looking forward to trying this place out for awhile.  However, I shouldn't have.  I ordered the brisket and pulled pork dinner and it came with a side, so I ordered mashed potatoes.  The meat was below average and didn't taste fresh.  The mashed potatoes were not good either.  The dinner roll that is used to put the meat on for the pulled pork was the only thing that was decent.  I did not care for the bbq sauce. I ordered the cherry cobbler but thew it out after one bite.I do NOT recommend this restaurant.  If you want good bbq, go to Little Miss BBQ!
1	The pulled pork is ok. The ribs are crap. The sauce is good but very sweet. The soda is watered down. But the biggest problem is that it is waaaaaayyyyyyy overpriced. With so many good BBQ options around the valley this is a place you should skip.
3	I was raised on Texas pit bbq, so that's what I'm accustomed to and what I prefer.  My first trip to Hap's was so-so.  I ordered a brisket sammie, potato salad, old settler beans, peach cobbler and an iced tea.  That all totaled $17 and change which is a bit steep.Brisket sammie - overall it was pretty good.  Bun was fresh.  Difficult to taste the meat alone since it was drenched in sauce.  Potato salad - nothing to write home about.  One of the least favorite potato salads I've had.Old Settler Beans - THIS is what the Hatfields & McCoy's have been fighting over for decades.  These were the best cowboy beans I've had in a pit joint.  It's likely due to the bacon and leftover beef they thrown into the mix.  Great spicy & smoky flavor.Peach cobbler - not too bad.  I got my meal "to go" so I didn't get it ala mode.All in all - not a bad experience.  I'll revise my rating after I try the other meats - chicken, pulled pork, hot link & ribs.
3	This was my first time going to Hap and my last time. Although the food was not terrible it was cold and was extremely overpriced for the quality and quantity that you receive. With Honeybears down the street I don't think it can compete for my business. The only upside to it was I felt it was very clean where honeybears can be questionable.
3	Not too bad, not amazing though. Tried brisket (good), garlic mash (ok), pulled chicken (ok), beans (great). The food felt a little pricey for the quantity, and no sides included with the sandwiches. The wrap was around the "snack size" wrap size from McDonalds, so don't go for that if you are hungry. No BBQ sauce sitting around (sacrilege for a BBQ joint) although you could buy BBQ sauce if you wanted BBQ on your BBQ. Staff was friendly.  There aren't many options in that immediate area, and there are quite a few businesses/offices around so maybe they have a captive audience? Or maybe I've just been spoiled by years indulging in the pleasures of southern BBQ spots.
3	Lunch at Hap's Pit Barbecue today with wife and son-in-law. We arrived at 11 and it was half full. My wife ordered the pulled pork sandwich and potato salad, our guest ordered the BBQ chicken and ribs with mashed potatoes and a soda and I ordered the chopped brisket, rib tips, potato salad, corn bread and soda. It came to $37.29. Not bad for BBQ. The pulled pork here is consistently good. Moist, good flavor, not much smoke though. The chicken was good. The ribs and rib tips were pretty bad: tough, not much flavor and dry. The brisket was excellent with a juicy, flavorful pile of meat. The sides were meh. I'll probably order meat by the pound next time.
5	Awesome food!! The lamb is amazing... so was the  ribs and brisket... I guess everything was amazing :)
4	Excellent Portion of ribs on Half rack dinner, Coleslaw was decent could have been Costco. Corn bread was ok. I would go back. I am still looking for the BBQ joint to go to.
4	I had the lamb special BBQ sandwich - it was good: moist - tasty. Just a perfect lunch sandwich.The place is small but very clean, and looks well cared for.Definitely will be back on my nxt phx trip.
2	Beware after 5I have stopped by here on the way home several times.  Food always seems microwave heated.  It's ok but not great.  Stopped in today and ordered a cheese burger.  This sandwich had exactly meat, cheese (extra .80 cents) and bun.  No lettuce no tomato.  I did decline the mayo mustard and got a little BBQ sauce.  Overall the burger was tired - looking like an am/pm burger.  Not worth the time or money to pick it up at all.Another time I ordered a beef brisket dinner and got home to find they had not included BBQ sauce - what BBQ place forgets the BBQ sauce?I've had lunch here and it was really good.  It seems like the problems are always after 5.
2	Not was I was hoping for.  Tried the pulled pork sandwich,  rib tips,  and potato salad.  Everything was swimming  in an overly sweet sauce.  Pulled pork was soggy and I couldn't even tell if it had a smokey flavor because of the sauce. I won't comment too much on the rib tips because I'd never had rib  tips before,  so not much to compare it to. I will say that they were basically in sauce soup. Potato salad was tasty but nothing special  really  (not that it has to be). My biggest qualm was the rudeness of the woman working the counter.  If you can manage a fake smile you shouldn't be in a customer service job. I literally sat at the counter and just started at her waiting for her to acknowledge me verbally, rather than just starting impatiently at me. The guy who ran the food was nice, but that lady is a nightmare of a person.
5	Absolutely love their brisket sandwich!Nothing compares to this sandwich. But I wish they were open until later for those late night cravings!
5	I travel across the country on a weekly basis, and eating barbecue is what gets me through the days. I have eaten at every good barbecue spot from Kansas City to North Carolina and not once have I come close to the greatness that I experienced today in this joint and I live right here in Phoenix.I got the sampler and it was worth every penny!  I've never experienced a more flavorful, juicy, meaty rib in all of my travels! The pulled pork was so tender with just the right amount of smokiness....mmmmm. I've never had smoked lamb, but will dream about it from this day forward. They make a minty sweet sauce to go along with it and it is a real treat!I give this family five thumbs up for starting this place and serving the best 'que of all time!
