5	Amazing prices. Great service.They also have a much better selection of Mopar accessories than many other Valley dealerships. You name it, they've probably got it--even if you didn't know it existed, like Mopar Headlight Restorer. If you're looking for brand paraphernalia like model Jeeps or PT Cruiser blankets, Airpark should be your first stop.Love 'em for parts. They're not always as fast getting parts in as other dealerships, but with much, much lower prices and the superior, friendly service, I really don't care about an extra day or two from time to time.And hey, who doesn't want to say they bought parts from Alice Cooper's Jeep dealership?
5	Service advisors are excellent, service prompt and efficient, and easy to get an appointment.  We were very pleased with the recent servicing of our Jeep Compass.  Greeted at the door, treated with friendliness and respect, offered a ride, completed service promptly and washed the Jeep too!!  Someone meets you at the beginning, and walks out with you at the end.  In a day when customer service has gone astray, this service department will not disappoint.
2	The Jeep dealer has since moved to a larger location on FLW Blvd., just FYI. When I stopped by today to test drive the Liberty and the Grand Cherokee, the salesman treated us like he was half asleep and/or couldn't care less. He also implied that the $40K version of the souped-up Grand Cherokee was out of my price range and refused to discuss it further. Huh? What is that? Isn't that one of the top five rules of sales -- never prejudge your customer? Bye-bye. We went to Rover instead, where they treated us very well, and this is from someone who's driven Jeeps forever. Lame.
1	11 months ago my driver side rear window regulator broke and I had to have it fixed. I took it to Airpark Jeep. They said it happens because of the heat. Fine, I forked out a few hundred dollars and a few hours of my time. Then Yesterday I got into my car and sure enough the window was down, when I tried to roll it up and nothing happened I immediately called the dealership. They set me up with an appointment for this morning. When I got there they told me that the warranty on the part was for 12 months or 12,000 miles. I was then told that since I had put 16,000 mils on my Jeep they were not responsible to cover it. Somehow it was my problem. When I complained the service manager told me that they reward loyalty, so if I had been a loyal customer they could have helped me, but since I don't get my oil changed there and other maintenance, there is nothing she could do. Are you kidding me?
1	11 months ago my driver side rear window regulator broke and I had to have it fixed. I took it to Airpark Jeep. They said it happens because of the heat. Fine, I forked out a few hundred dollars and a few hours of my time. Then Yesterday I got into my car and sure enough the window was down, when I tried to roll it up and nothing happened I immediately called the dealership. They set me up with an appointment for this morning. When I got there they told me that the warranty on the part was for 12 months or 12,000 miles. I was then told that since I had put 16,000 mils on my Jeep they were not responsible to cover it. Somehow it was my problem. When I complained, the service manager told me that they reward loyalty, so if I had been a loyal customer they could have helped me, but since I don't get my oil changed there and other maintenance, there is nothing she could do. Are you kidding me?
4	I recently purchased a Jeep.  Chris, the sales guy was a pretty good, no-pressure type sales guy and made it real easy to do business with.  He knew what I was looking for and didn't try to put me in something I didn't want.  Although a long process, the signing was pretty painless.  More to come on the service and maintenance after 5000 miles :)
1	It all started with a low tire pressure light and oil change.  When I made my appointment I was told I would have a new Service Adviser (won't mention his name, but it can double for a female's name and starts with 'T'), since the last guy left. When I arrived he barely looked up at me to acknowledge my presence, and had no idea I even had a scheduled appointment.  Regardless, i had the oil changed, tires rotated and low tire pressure resolved.......So I thought.  Maybe 2 days later the Low Pressure light came on again.  Since it was the weekend I got by with filling up the tire with air for a few days.  Finally my wife and I attempted to call 'T' several times throughout the day, leaving 2 separate vmails (1 in the AM, the other around 2:30PM.  NO response!  Finally I called the service mgr to tell her my dilemma.  She quickly told me to take the car in and she'll be sure he'll take care of it.  I arrive, once again this guy had no idea I was scheduled, so of course now he has to give me a attitude and scoffs at the fact that i wanted to get my tire fixed before they closed at 7PM.  It wasn't even 4PM yet.  He looks at the clock and asks if I was leaving the car overnight.  REALLY?  For a tire?  I told him no, and he could take it up with his mgr if he had an issue.  Finally after all was said and done, about an hour later he tells my wife and I he can't fix it and we need a new tire.  There was a nail to close to the side wall.  So my wife asked why didn't they catch it the first time when the tires were rotated and the Low Tire Pressure issue was addressed......He got all defensive, and goes back and forth with my wife on "PROCEDURE".  I laughed in his face, took the keys and he storms away with his 'great customer care skills'.  Why get upset with us?  Because we asked the right questions?  Anyway, next day we went to Discount Tire, thinking we were going to buy a new tire, when they guy tells us we were all done and fixed......for FREE!......What would have been probably a bill over $200 for 1 tire, ended up costing $0 and no Low Pressure light.  Good Job Airpark Service
5	I recently purchased a previously owned Jeep Wrangler from Airpark Chrysler-Jeep and I can honestly say it was completely pain free. I worked with Ian Jones (online Manager) and negotiated the best price before even stepping foot on the lot. I got the Jeep I wanted at the price I wanted. The financing department went above and beyond finding me the best possible financing package...better than I could have done on my own. I received the BEST price on my trade in and left feeling gratified and respected.Sidebar: I negotiated a hardtop with my deal and worked with the Service Department to have the tops swapped out. The service team is extremely professional and pleasant (even at 6:30 in the a.m.!) I will not hesitate to have all my service needs handled at Airpark.
1	I have purchased 5 cars in the last ten years from air park and always had a wonderful experience, so good that I sent at least 5 of my friends to buy cars there . This last experience I had was awful the salesmen Damien was a nightmare.He made the experience awful. He was harsh didn't care how he delivered the car, and had all kinds of excuses why it was dirty and not detailed right and why the windows were scratched. Unfortunately I sent my friend who bought a truck and he is still waiting for the DVD player that he paid for 3months ago to be delivered again all kind of excuses from him . He was also supposed to send a referral check which I asked to give it my friend which he never recieved. I am so angry I will never go back there. And if they ever promise you a referral check don't believe it I'm still waiting for 4 of them
1	CLOSED!  Airpark Chrysler-Jeep was bought by another dealer and has been moved two miles west on Frank Lloyd Wright, near Right Toyota.
1	A NEW LOW IN UNETHICAL USED CAR SALESPEOPLE - AVOID Worked for 2 days with Jason to purchase a 2007 Ford econoline cargo van w/ 52,000 miles. I agreed to pay their asking price and we negotiated and agreed upon a value for my trade.  I went to my credit union and got financing in place.  He asked when I would be picking up the vehicle so it could be made ready. Told him Monday (today is Friday)After getting everything lined up w/ my credit union I got a call that the van was sold but I was offered a vehicle with 250,000 miles.  Nice bait & switch try but no thanks. These people are scumbags. Avoid at all cost
1	BAIT AND SWITCH DEALERSHIP! Beware. I was working with Chris to buy a 2011 nissan murano. We agreed to a price via text for the purchase of the car. We also agreed thru several calls and text on the price of my trade in. I asked him to have the papers all ready on saturday March 31 so that I could make it a quick purchase. I showed up and guess what???? After the dealership sees that I have my trade in mostly paid off....the PRICE CHANGED ON THE PURCHASE. Total scumbag move....A total rip off dealership. Wasted time and energy and would not recommend going to them. They changed the price when I was ready to sign!Needless to say...I went elsewhere and received better customer service. Airpark DODGE is the epitome of scam, dbag dealerships! BEWARE
5	I have been in the automotive industry since 1994. I have had the good fortune of working as a technician, testing engineer, Motorsports, automotive marketing consultant, high-performance driving instructor and most recently as a sales training facilitator for Ford, representing California. I have worked for and represented most manufacturers, from smart car to Ferrari. I have seen it all.I am HIGHLY impressed today with the service department here, especially with Mike Santana. Mike is exceptionally professional, to the point, friendly and above all his people skills are awesome!Mike handled a re-ocuring issue with my wife's JEEP - and he did it with style, enthusiasm, old-fashioned customer service and forward thinking - something that you don't often see these days where people operate like robots. While my experiences with Chrysler product has been sub par, my experience here has certainly made up for any ill feelings - I can assure you that this is the BEST Dodge, Chrysler and JEEP facility in Arizona.Mike, you're awesome .... thanks for making my time away from home as easy and pleasurable as could be!
4	Needed a new blank transponder key (bought at ikeyless.com) to be cut and matched to the mrs. car. Getting through to the service department was a challenge, but when I did get through and talked to  Mike Santana I was able to set up a early morning appt.Mike's professionalism and willingness to make sure I had a good experience here were top notchTook care of the key and also had the techs perform a courtesy check that I asked for.  Did not hard sell the scheduled maintenance that was needed.Thanks Mike!
4	After spending too much trying to find a part online, I went back the place I had luck with last time I needed help with Jeannie's car. Chatted via email with a parts rep at Airpark Dodge and he lined me up with exactly what I needed. Picked it up and it was all just too easy.
1	I'm shopping for a suv and so far i like the jeep grand Cherokee and bmw x6 so i decided to give airpark dodge a chance since they have a srt8 available. It's about the price of the entry level x6 but better performance so i thought it would be an economical alternative.The salesman that greeted me automatically told me that i couldn't test drive it but he would check with his manager while asking if i wanted to buy it on the spot so i gave him my id and waited a few minutes looking the car over and taking pictures, liking the car despite the dealership floor looking like a tired hospital.The salesman finally got back and told me that his manager didn't want to let anyone test drive it because of mileage. Not sure if they couldn't afford the gas or because they think that a couple miles on such an "exclusive" car is going to destroy it's resell value but either way, it made me yank my license from his hand and leave promptly.Terrible way to be treated and awful customer service. Makes me wary about how poorly they might treat people who buy from them and have to bring their cars in for service.
1	Be very, very, very careful when coming to this dealership.They fully expect you to buy a car, without test driving it.Unfortunately, my husband and I were seriously interested in a car that could only be found at this dealership.  Alas, they would not let us test drive it because "they didn't want to put extra mileage on the car".  I've test driven Ferarris, Porsches, Range Rovers, BMWs, etc.... and never had ANY of these dealerships blink an eye when I asked to test drive their vehicles.Apparently, the cars at this dealership are just that "exclusive".Save your time and money, and go to another Dodge/Jeep dealership that will treat you sanely, and with respect.
1	Scratch my last review.  If I could give 0 stars I would, but 1 is the minimum.  Well, I guess I can give 1 star for the poor service guy that had to deal with my pent up frustrations from enduring the dis-functional service at Airpark Jeep.  Where to begin:  They never entered in the $2300 service/maintenance/extended warranty plan that I bought with my Jeep into my vehicle profile at the service shop.  So I paid for 2.5 years worth of oil changes etc. for no reason (even after I claimed I had one in the beginng)...then I found the agreement when I moved 5 months ago and I was not reimbursed the full amount because they pay a reduced price.  For their failure to get off their lazy tush and see if I had a service plan, I ended up paying more for oil changes...Sure am glad I bought their STUPID $2300 maintenance plan. Epic failure #2:  The manager failed to call me back (called 3 times) after I found the paperwork for the warranty and asked about my plan and how to get reimbursed properly.  Epic Failure #3:  I called the director of the whole dealership to complain about the manager that never called me back and their stupid warranty 'service' plan, and he never called me back either.  Epic Failure #4:  My car has 43, 200 miles on it and for the last 4 oil changes and 1 battery change everyone failed to mention anything about the 30,000 mile preventative maintenance (which could have been done gradually over multiple visits), so today when I went in for an oil change and new brake pads, they informed my I had $941 of service that needed to be done because the 30000 mile stuff wasn't taken care of (they had 13000 to make me aware of the preventative maintenance)....last time I checked that is why you take your car in for regular maintenance so you distribute such costs over time and take care of your car so you don't end up having a PROBLEM!!!! Bottom Line:  Don't go to Airpark Jeep EVER for anything! The service department here is awful and I have no respect for the guy who sold me the crappy service plan either.  And the management seems to be worthless considering they never call anyone back.  I have bought 3 new cars and 2 used cars and have never had any problems like this from any other dealership.  Also, I hate writing reviews that trash a place; sometimes people have a bad day...my experience with Airpark has been bad for 2.75 years.  Congratulations Airpark Jeep you earned yourself a hard to achieve 1 star review!
1	I have been taking my Jeep in for service for the last 4 years, way too frequently I might add.   Real lemon.  Two weeks ago the Camel's back was broken and I will never return.I experienced the "death wabble" and in 30 seconds I was told by the service tech that I needed an alignment and new tires ant that will be $1200. He proceeded to explain that there is only one tire that can go on the Jeep (I kid you not) and it is $250.  I then asked him about the offer that Jeep had on tires and rims combo from new Jeeps that were sold with upgraded tires and rims for $170 each.  He said, oh, we can so that.  Really?  Thanks for offering!  He then said he had a full set of 17 inch ones in stock.  I reminded him that I had 18 inch wheels, which were more expensive.  He told me they had those in stock too if I wanted them.  Unbelievable.  I get home, tell my wife the story, and she proceeds to inform me she bought a lifetime alignment special at Firestone in July.  There goes our wonderful communication skills again, shame on me.  I called the tech back, asked how often an alignment should be done, he said annually.  I then told him that one was done 15 weeks ago and the jeep has done nothing but go back and forth to the grocery store basically.  I asked to see the readings from the alignment, and he said he didn't have them and I would have to have requested that up front.  $90 snow job.  FYI:  there are other shops that will do an alignment test for a lot less to let you know if you need one. Oh. And they keep the results. After I whined he took 10% off my bill.  I asked him to have a manager call me, they never did.  I filled out their online survey, stating the same thing, then got an email from a service person saying they never got a message to call.  I reminded her again that they can call any time.   As of today, no one has called.  Sad.  They are overpriced, and clearly push the profitable part of service, which is labor, not to mention the ridiculous 'only 1 tire' strategy...I am now going to Firestone or Honest One from now on.
1	Somehow my review was deleted, so here it is again...I have been taking my Jeep in for service for the last 4 years, way too frequently I might add.   Real lemon.  Two weeks ago the Camel's back was broken and I will never return.I experienced the "death wabble" and in 30 seconds I was told by the service tech that I needed an alignment and new tires ant that will be $1200. He proceeded to explain that there is only one tire that can go on the Jeep (I kid you not) and it is $250.  I then asked him about the offer that Jeep had on tires and rims combo from new Jeeps that were sold with upgraded tires and rims for $170 each.  He said, oh, we can so that.  Really?  Thanks for offering!  He then said he had a full set of 17 inch ones in stock.  I reminded him that I had 18 inch wheels, which were more expensive.  He told me they had those in stock too if I wanted them.  Unbelievable.  I get home, tell my wife the story, and she proceeds to inform me she bought a lifetime alignment special at Firestone in July.  There goes our wonderful communication skills again, shame on me.  I called the tech back, asked how often an alignment should be done, he said annually.  I then told him that one was done 15 weeks ago and the jeep has done nothing but go back and forth to the grocery store basically.  I asked to see the readings from the alignment, and he said he didn't have them and I would have to have requested that up front.  $90 snow job.  FYI:  there are other shops that will do an alignment test for a lot less to let you know if you need one. Oh. And they keep the results. After I whined he took 10% off my bill.  I asked him to have a manager call me, they never did.  I filled out their online survey, stating the same thing, then got an email from a service person saying they never got a message to call.  I reminded her again that they can call any time.   As of today, no one has called.  Sad.  They are overpriced, and clearly push the profitable part of service, which is labor, not to mention the ridiculous 'only 1 tire' strategy...Time for a change.
1	Ok, I get a flat tire.....I call and purchase a tire, and make an appointment for the next day so that I can just swing through and get my new tire mounted, balance and put on the car real quick.  I'm told no problem.I pull in fifteen minutes early and there are over forty cars in front of me waiting.  I get the service rep, and tell him that I have an appointment and I'm in a hurry.  He states well there are just forty cars ahead of you.  Really?  Did they all call for an appointment as you requested of me?  He states that it should only take a couple of hours and I can wait in the lobby.I offered a meet in the middle solution....I would drop the wheel with the bad tire and you can put the new tire on, and I will come back later in the day so that you can just quickly mount it.The day goes by, I call and leave a message that I'm ready to come back by and get the tire installed.  Two more hours go by, and I don't hear a word.  I show up and am then informed that my wheel is damaged and they want to charge me $550 for a new wheel.  I asked if there were other options.  They stated NO......I ask for the wheel back, drive it to Tempe to a wheel straightening company and for $60 they straighten the wheel and laugh about how dealerships just rob their customers today.Next morning I take the wheel back, didn't get an appointment as obviosly no one else makes appointments.  I walk in with the straightened wheel and ask if they can mount, balance and put the tire on my car now.  They ignore me for forty five minutes realizing that I called Bull Shit on thei $550 wheel replacement.After 45 minutes of standing there patiently, I grab my wheel and leave.  I get in the car and call for an appointment for the next morning at 8am.....I make it very clear that I will be there early, and I will be standing there waiting for the car.......I"ve wasted six hours of my time doing what they should have been able to complete in thirty minutes.Certainly not a place I'm going for future service to my car......What a Joke.....
5	I've read all of the reviews and it's unfortunate that all of the customers had such a negative experience. I purchased a new Town and Country (needing a 7 passenger vehicle), after test driving the LR4 Land Rover, BMW X5, Mercedes, Lexus, Honda, and Ford. After much frustration, a friend told me about her great deal and experience she had at Airpark Dodge/Chrysler/Jeep. I had the good fortune of working with Frank (manager) and Ed (salesman). What an absolute pleasure to work with both men and what a difference compared to the other auto dealers I had run into that week. I was sure I was going to buy the Land Rover and really only intended to do my due diligence and test drive most 7 passenger vehicles. I bought the Town and Country on the spot the moment I knew I was in good hands.
1	This place is probably the worst place you will ever see for the service for your vehilce.  The mechanics do not seem very capable, and no one ever returns your calls.  We still do not have our radio fixed in our car that we bought there in January 2013, and they had the car for one whole week.  Do youself a favor and stay far away from this place.  The aggravation is not worth whatever deal you might possibly get there.  I will never buy from this place again for the sole reason of their terrible service.
1	This place is RIDICULOUS.  Yesterday I took my 2004 Wrangler in for an alignment.  The alignment I was quoted was $89.95.  Fair enough.Two hours later the service guy calls back with a laundry list of items that MUST be done because he says my vehicle is unsafe to drive.  The estimate was $3200.00!!  Along with the requested alignment, I was told I needed a new steering stabilizer $400, new engine seals $1020, new axle seals $512, new pinion seals $237, new front brakes $200 and on and on.  What?!The huge red flags were that I needed a road balance for $100.  I immediately called Discount Tire, as they do all my tires, and asked how much a road balance is...$8 per wheel.  Airpark Jeep also said I needed a front and rear differential fluid change.  I had just had a front and rear diff fluid change two weeks ago!The end result is that I walked away $119 in the hole for a list of "needed" services.  I have no idea if any of these item are legitimate or not and even if some of them are, I know I would be getting completely hosed on the price.Thanks for confirming all the other horrible reviews Airpark Jeep.  You have confirmed to me you are crooks and taught me a $120 lesson.BEWARE.  FIND ANOTHER SERVICE CENTER OR MECHANIC.PS. I walked around their lot for two hours looking at new cars while I waited.  Not once did someone ask if they could help me or if I was interested in a new or used car.  Says to me that their sales department is just as incompetent as their service department.*UPDATE* - After reading my Yelp review, Mark, the Service Director called and invited me to bring my Jeep back and go through another inspection with me personally.  While I appreciate the follow up and willingness to provide in-depth explanations of the suggested repairs, first impressions are hard to get over.  I am getting a second opinion by an independent mechanic and we'll see how the diagnosis compares.  If the second opinion lines up with Airpark Jeep's suggestions, I'll certainly revise the review.
1	Usual low ball offer on a trade, then want me to pay full sticker price. Said no thank you, and left. When I first talked to a salesman there, and gave my number, I told them explicitly NO calls after 5:00 PM. Thas my time with my familly. So....2 days after I leave, I get a call at 8:00 PM asking if I was still interested in a vehicle. I mention that I specifically said no calls after 5, and the guy simply says "Oh....sorry", are you interested in a vehicle?"........I wont be back.
1	90 minutes for a scheduled oil change and counting.  The Fiat is a lot of fun but this place is just so poorly organized I would not do it again.
1	I'm not one to complain, I'm in the service industry, so I know bad days happen. This was worthy of others knowing. My service rep literally LIED to me. He quoted me for an oil change and I let him know about the radio having some issues. Wrote down the quote on the paper, gave me the yellow carbon copy. When I came to pick up my car, there was an extra $100 tagged to the bill. The guy then told me it was for inspecting the radio. I then told him he NEVER said it would be $100 to LOOK for the problem. He then assured me that he did and even quoted me that price. Unfortunately, like a dummy, I didn't have my copy. I continued to argue that we never would have had them check out the radio if we would have been told it cost that much. I understand that it costs money to inspect things, but we were never told ahead of time and he then lied saying he told me that. Thankfully, he took off the $100 (probably because he knew he was wrong) He said he didn't want to lose my business...too late. I came home to look at my receipt and sure enough, he had added the "1" to his copy...my quote was for $100 less. I won't tolerate being lied to.
1	I made an appointment with a salesman to look at a car I saw online. I was told to come in for a test drive. After waiting nearly 30 minutes for the salesman I had an appointment with to show up, I was told that the car hadn't been emissions tested yet, so we couldn't take it on a test drive. After we looked at the car, he told us he would ask his manager if we could take it for a drive anyway. After about 15 minutes he had the test drive approved and another salesman took us out. I was using a bank program to buy a car, and was told there would be a discount from the advertised price. It took at 20 minutes for them to tell me what the price was through the Desert Schools program.So basically, I was at this dealership for more than an hour and a half just for a test drive and to get the initial numbers on this car. Unbelievably bad customer service.
1	Never ever think of coming here.  This place treated with me such disrespect.  During our negotiation i was told and I quote "i was being unrealistic and should realize that, since I've been to college!  So in so many words I shouldn't be so dumb.  Being a college grad this offended me and i was so upset with the insulting blow i had just been given i reported him to a manager who apologized for his arrogant belittling comment.  Then it gets worse, I get put in front of an even more condescending manager who then tells me I should do more research and that this was a fair deal. He then says " could I sell it to you for less, sure but why would I?  He said were not desperate to make a sale cause they're the #1 jeep dealer in AZ.  To me this is a disgusting way to treat your customers no matter how many trophy's are in your lobby. The best part is he keeps going on to say spend more money and you'll be happier?  Is this your sales pitch?  To me that was so pathetic that he felt the need to say that, to save face.  Then he had the nerve to say that he wanted a copy of the review I was going to write on yelp!!!  I told him he could read it himself on the website if he actually cared.  where is your professionalism?  Worst experience ever!!! Ruined my day.  Not only were their adds misleading, like most dealerships of course.  This place had the nerve to be so arrogant to me, it escalated the longer I negotiated.  Go here if your comfortable over paying and like dealing with some serious jerks.
3	After my poor experience the service manager called me and stuck with me through a two week game of phone tag. Much appreciated.
5	One year ago I bought a 2012 Ram 1500 from Airpark - naturally the first oil change was a great experience, but their level of service has not slipped at all. Took my truck in or service Friday at lunch - a very busy time apparently. My service advisor was busy, but someone else had me written up and on my way. As far as the waiting area, you can't beat it. Fast free wifi enabled me to get work done from my laptop. In about an hour my truck was done - oil changed, vehicle inspection, fluids topped off, AND a free car wash. My service advisor Tim went over everything with me and had me on my way quickly (no going to the cashier). If they keep this up, I'll probably never go to Jiffy Lube again.
1	Stopped in looking to buy, and was approached by Keith. Keith was a nice man; Someone I wouldn't mind doing business with. Apparently he was new though, because he was completely at the mercy of the sales managers. We wanted to trade in my car, so Keith collected all of the car's information, so they could appraise it. He took it in to appraise it while we test drove a used Mini. We loved it, and could have been talked into it, but when we got back, the sales manager said he was far too busy to appraise the vehicle, and gave no real estimate of time when he would get around to it. I thought all of this was peculiar, as there really were no other customers to speak of. We left, and Keith called two days later to offer me $1000 for my BMW. No thanks, Keith. No thanks. I will say, I definitely didn't feel pressured to buy... I did however felt a little pressured to leave and not come back.As soon as that manager heard I only wanted to spend $12k-$15k, I was an instant write off. It's pretty insulting.
5	If you're looking for a new or used vehicle (especially a Jeep Wrangler) you must see Lori Sharlow. By far the best car buying experience I've had. I spent quiet a bit of time with her over a few days and she was patient through the whole process. The only thing she'll be pushy about is getting the one that is what you're looking for. She's not your typical car salesperson and that's such a refreshing change. From a Jeep standpoint, she truly is a "Jeep Girl" like her plate says. I was unsure about a few options, but she went through the pros and cons of everything. Having owned one herself, she went through her personal experience and related it back to what I was looking for. I'm glad I got connected with her, otherwise I would have settled on a few things I would have regretted in the long run. To prove how amazing the customer service was, this is my first Yelp review and I drove 30 minutes to see her 3 times when there's a Jeep dealership 2 minutes from me.
1	I took my Chrysler 300 in to have the door handle fixed for the second time in 1 1/2 years. No big deal, they got it done under warrantee seemingly right and with good turnaround time. But, in the meantime, they suggested a laundry list of maintenance totaling $1800 most of which has been done recently. Upon telling the rep that they had done the full tune-up themselves a few thousand miles ago and I had personally replaced the cabin air filter last month, he revised the recommended service list considerably. At this point I have no faith in their recommendations.
1	After weeks of calls and countless emails I finally broke down and visited the dealership. Prior to going I did my homework, I found the jeep that I was looking for at a price that was reasonable from their website. Once I got there everything went smoothly unfortunately I wasn't able to purchase a vehicle because they refused to negotiate. They were offering me $4500 for my 2006 Jeep liberty sport. According to Wayne in the finance department I was still short by approximately $3500. I said "no problem, I'll wait a little bit and I'll put some money together and then come back" What is getting them the one star as opposed to four stars is the fact that less than 24 hours after I left the dealership  their salesman calls me up and offers to sell me a 2006 Jeep Wrangler sport, the two-door model, for $19,000. This is the same year as my current jeep the only difference is the top on it needs to be replaced the steering wheel is cracked, the interior is faded and those are just the few cosmetic issues that I could see while I was looking at it. They were not willing to work with me on financing to get me the vehicle that I wanted but they're going to offer to sell me the same year model vehicle that I currently have at almost 4 times the amount that they were offering for my trade-in. In addition to this the salesman continually pressured me to go beyond my budget either in terms of months for the loan or the overall amount of my loan. I will not be shopping at this dealership again nor will I be bring my vehicle there for service.
2	Airpark Jeep is getting better.  After they managed to screw up my bill again, the manager fixed everything and was extremely appologetic, which I appreciate because I have gotten loads of excuses in the past.  They also managed to find my service plan in the system, but my problem wasn't covered.  Luckily my problem was covered under a warranty.  Anyway, my service was much better, but there is still a lot of room for improvement.  And whoever answers the phone could work on being more polite.  People having car problems are already having a bad day and we don't need the sass.
1	Avoid Airpark Dodge!!! Scammers!Took my truck in for a simple repair, without diagnosing my truck, the guy came back with a list of maintenance items that 'needed to be done'. When asked what was wrong? They said maintenance had to be done first then they would diagnose. The funny part is that all this maintenance had been done less than a month and a half prior. So when I confronted the advisor he immediately started taking items off the list. After several calls to the service manager, I agreed to have a few items done that they recommended. But I clearly asked for the used parts back. Never got them. They had been thrown away. I honestly feel that this place is a huge rip off and they will never get my business again. I wouldn't recommend this place to my worst enemy.
1	Don't Listen to the Service Dept Advisor!  They lie to get you buy things you don't need.  It's really unfortunate that I had such a bad experience with these guys.  I love my Jeep Grand Cherokee and recommend it to everyone who asks.  However, their Service Department is horrible and sold me a 30K mile service that according to the owner's manual, isn't required until 64K miles.  This on top of them taking 8 hours to finish the service and me having to make three trips to the dealership!  It all started with what I suspected to be a problem with the battery, so I made an appointment and took it in since it was still under warranty.  I showed up on time and found my Service Advisor. He's a nice guy and we shared stories about our respective Chrysler / Jeep vehicles.  However upon entering his office, I was hit up for a laundry list of recommended services totaling $550!!  Seriously! I take my Jeep in for oil changes every 3K miles and keep up on the maintenance, but he said that I needed a transmission fluid change, throttle body cleaning, and the list went on.  All because it just crossed the 30K mile mark.  After several mins of explaining that I didn't have the money for this and listening about the perils of not doing everything on their list, I elected to do what I thought was more improtant:  the Transmission Flush.  (Turns out that Jeep doesn't recommend this until 64K miles if "Change the automatic transmission fluid and filter if using your vehicle for any of the following: police, taxi, fleet or frequent trailer towing.")With the battery check and transmission flush, it would take 3-4 hours.  OK.  Kinda long, but I get it.  So I went on my merry way.  Long story short, it wasn't until I called twice that I found out 5pm that it was ready.  Seriously 8 hours later and two calls!!  I returned to the dealership and can't find my advisor.  So I ask the cashier to help, and with out so much as a hello, she rings me up and hands me my paperwork.  I called the Dealership and left a message for the Service Director... Well, it's been four days later and no return call.  So my warning to anyone using Jeep Airpark for service.  Double check what they say.  You can always have them do the service (I assume that they can do good work), but double check their 'recommendations', or be prepared to be swindled.
1	I have been to airpark before for routine maintenance. Which was a pleasant visit. However this last visit was unbelievable. Needless to say I will not be returning to this location. Our service advisor was Roger Bowers. He was a complete dick. Very rude and acted like we were inconveniencing him. His customer service was awful. I went in for a oil change and I was having an issue with my Usb port. I mentioned it to him and he got all pissy because it was more work that had to be done. He just took the keys and went on didn't say anything else. We had to ask how long it would take. He was again very very rude we decided to just do the oil change. We had to go to another service advisor just to figure out what was going on with my car. And when it was finally done he refused to give me paperwork saying "they were behind". I have yet to receive anything or get the "how was your visit email"
5	Thank you Airpark Jeep for a great experience yesterday.  We went in with a deal in mind for a new lease and thanks to "team Airpark"  they got it done.  Brandon Cusanek was on target along with Jason in Finance and the GM who is always on the ball.  All were very professional.You end up genuinely feeling like part of the family.  Again, thanks.  Christie and Ron
1	This place took my car keys and would not give them back. I went to test drive a new car and they said they wanted to look at my current vehicle in order to give me a trade in value. I said I am not ready to buy today. But they said it doesn't hurt to get an estimate, so I agreed. They took my keys for an hour! I asked for my keys back and was told to wait. I have no idea what I was waiting for. Finally, said I need my kids diaper bag and the receptionist got my keys for me. I left and received phone calls every other day from the sales guy for 1 1/2 months.  I will never go there again.
1	Went to the parts department to get a seal for my Dodge 4x4. It was Saturday around 1:00 on 02/08/14. There was only one middle aged guy behind the counter. He brings out the part and says that will be 32.80 plus tax. I gave him the money and asked, isn't it 17 something on your web site? He said, well everything is cheaper online and gave me my receipt and walked off. What an ass. Returned the part and will never do that again. Also, it is a little obvious that the positive reviews are from the sales peoples' friends. When they use their first and last name and write it like a mini commercial.
5	My husband and I went a week ago to the day. My husband needed a new (used) car, and saw a Nissan Juke listed in the used car section. We had not intended to buy from here as an Avondale dealership was actually the first choice based on mileage and cost but it had sold. Luck and fate would have it we went to Airpark Dodge Chrysler Jeep and had the best car buying experience ever! We got taken care of by Jordan Bailey - very sweet, kind and easy going gentleman. We ended up talking about dogs and rescue (which is what I am in) and we all hit it off very well. He was still training but we felt very comfortable with him. Even with the other guys working there we felt very confident we were not getting scammed. This was not only the quickest car buying experience but overall the best! My husband and I highly recommend it here!
1	This review is for service department only. The service department has perhaps the worst communication skills of any business I've encountered. Drop your car off there, then don't expect to hear from them at all. They just take the keys and run. They don't provide a schedule or even a ballpark estimate of when it might be ready. You have to call to find out what is going on, if they've even looked at it to begin with. If you leave it for more than a day, they won't begin work on it unless you put them under a specific deadline or repeatedly call to press the issue.  Even then, you'll show up after them having it for many days and have to wait as they finish work that could've been done days before.  I've been there three times over the last year and a half using three different advisors and this has been the same.  The car service quality is fine as far as I can tell, but it continues to amaze me how they can't be bothered to communicate with their customers or finish work in a timely manner.
1	I make an appointment to see a car with a rep at 9am they say come in at 1 pm, I come in at 1 pm and they sit me in an office for 20 mins, alone, just to tell me the car was sold shortly after we made our appointment!!!! I inquired why I wasn't contacted about the car no longer being available and why my time was wasted, Damien (the sales rep) told me he told "someone" to call me and then walked away.  Horrible service!  It shouldn't have taken 20 mins to inform me the car I was interested in was sold.  Bad professionalism!  Stay away from this Damien man at Airpark Dodge Chrysler Jeep!! He'll waste your time as will this whole establishment!!!!!  If I could I'd put NO STARS
4	I had a great experience purchasing my vehicle from Airpark. By chance I met Jordan when I arrived at the dealership and it was smooth sailing from there. Four dealerships into the search for what I wanted I was tired of the standard bull***t and antics from others I had dealt with. I was deadly serious about making a purchase but it seemed other dealerships were unwilling to work (at all) for my business. Jordan was professional and didn't sell me on pretense or act like a crazed sycophant to get my business. He was just a cool, attentive, and laid back kid --and it worked to his advantage. After several hours test driving and deciding what I wanted, I was able to work with Jordan and his manager Nathan -who also didn't try and piss on me and tell me it was raining, and was ready to talk business.10 days after I've made my purchase, Jordan has called several times just to check in and make sure I'm happy. That's gotta be unprecedented. I would readily encourage others to do business with this dealership. Now, the real work begins in dealing with the legendary service department over the next few years. Stay tuned...
1	Here is my story, sad but true. A few weeks ago I was scouring ram dealerships for a RAM 2500 4x4 6.7L crew cab, and found the perfect one at airpark dodge. So I submitted an inquiry and was answered by a fellow by the name of Ian Jones. After a few back and forth emails, he asked me if I had a trade-in, which I did. As I didn't have the VIN memorized I sent him a direct link to my trade-in as advertised on autotrader.com. In the spirit of full disclosure, I also sent him a link to some search results of similar vehicles, to help inform ian of my expected trade-in allowance.    After some time I received an email back stating that they would give me a very fair price on my trade-in. Excited, I started on the path towards ownership of the new truck. Several emails were exchanged all leading up to the day of delivery.    We live in Southern California and the dealership is located in Scottsdale, north of PHX, which is about a 11 hour drive, round-trip. As you can see, I was quite serious about purchasing the truck because they offered a generous trade-in allowance, and they had the one I wanted.    On Sunday my wife and I set out on our journey, during which we had a lot of fun. The drive to PHX from SoCal is scenic and made for a quick trip. Upon arrival at the dealership we met ian and he showed us the new truck, it was magnificent, even better in person. So after a few minutes of inspection we walked over to the trade-in, and ian took down the vin. Then it happened, pretty much the worse thing a salesperson can say during a vehicle purchase: "I thought you had a silver 09?". At first I thought he was joking, to think otherwise is silly, but he reassured me he was quite serious. It was at this time my stomach bottomed out and an ugly feeling came over me.    Rather than cause a scene, I casually strolled inside to wait for ian and the sales manager to hash out whatever they needed to discuss. During this time I re-read the email thread with the link to my trade-in. Fortunately for me, the link was to my EXACT trade-in, not some silver version of it, so the fault fell squarely on ian. His defense was that there were multiple vehicles in the link (which there were not), and if this were the case, why didn't he ask me to identify which one was mine?    About 10 minutes later ian came back to us and said the most they could give me was 10K less than what was agreed upon. Even though I could have still done the deal, I was disgusted with their handling of the situation and couldn't even give them money for the snack machine. What made the situation worse was that ians apologies really didn't seem sincere, and there was no offerings of remorse by the dealership; like maybe a gas card, something that says; "ya we messed up, let us at least cover your gas back home". As ian tried to explain the reason for his mistake, I posed the question: "What would you do if you were in my shoes?", he replied; "I would probably leave", so I did.    It was one of the hardest trips home I ever took. Was extremely bummed out, but fortunately for me, my loving wife helped keep me in good spirits and we tried to salvage the trip.    As I write this and relive a terrible situation, I can't help but feel if maybe I were scammed? That they thought I would LOVE the truck so much, and the drive was so far, that to drive back home in my old vehicle would not even be an option.     Anyway, stay away, far away. Plus PHX has another RAM dealer, which has to be at least one step above airpark.
2	I just purchased a Jeep Grand Cherokee at this dealership. I am happy with the car and my salesperson, but the finance department was a big disappointment. I received a lot of misinformation (I think intentionally) which increased the amount of interest that I paid on the loan.  I was drawn to the dealership with the promise of 0% financing which all of sudden was not available when purchasing. Not only am I an extremely qualified loan customer, but I was told the next day that in fact it WAS available, but I would have to wait about 45 minutes.I would be very wary when signing anything at this dealership. I felt that there was a strong incentive to secure a loan for me despite that I didn't need it. The manager was not pleasant when I reported this to him. In the end, I will end up paying more than necessary for the car. Lastly, I purchased the car near closing time, and I was rushed through the process which I didn't appreciate. I will not buy a car from this dealership again( in three years when I'm ready to trade in), and I will have it serviced elsewhere.
5	Went in for an oil change, and left with a brand new jeep! This was my second purchase from the Airpark location and I have had excellent service both times. I have worked with both the sales manager Nathan, and the sales person Shawn. They were great help finding the right jeep for me at the right price, and have since followed up with me since my purchase.
5	Best experience ever! Bought my car here, everybody was extremely helpful and friendly! From the first person who talked to me, to the department manager Frank, down to Todd out in the service department. Next time I need to purchase a car I will come back! Thank you for the wonderful customer service!!!!
2	It's easy to hate on car dealers, they have a challenging business, and the entire industry seems to be at odds with the consumer.  That's why I waited quite some time before posting a review.  I'm going to give very little opinion here and just let the facts speak for themselves...Purchase:  Our dealings with the sales people were pretty typical.  However the finance guy repeatedly lied to me about the extended service options and other coverage options (not a matter of opinion, he outright told me things contrary to what they said in writing and I had to point it out).  I ended up requesting a different person later in order to get the service plans that I wanted.  And that person was simply awesome, helpful, honest, and attentive.On the first service trip in, they were supposed to do a paint sealant re-application (Zaktek), computer upgrade, alignment and check a few things.  First off, it took them a day longer than promised.  When I picked it up, I found that they hadn't done the Zaktek at all.  And the alignment didn't help the pulling problem, but now the steering wheel was crooked!  It was straight when I drove it into the shop.I just did another visit to get the Zaktek application done.  They did it this time, and it was done by the time promised.  But they left a bunch of extra product in various places that dripped down the side of the Jeep. leaving big white chunky streaks of the product in five places around the vehicle.  They couldn't wipe this off?  The service writer tried to sneak in a $15 "necessary oil additive" on the authorization form on top of their expensive $45 regular oil change.  I had to argue to have that removed, and to have them just use exactly what the book recommends.  I also reminded him that the web site showed a $5 off special.Of course, when I picked it up, the $5 off wasn't on the bill.I'll bring it in for the things I absolutely have to do at the dealer, but otherwise the Jeep goes elsewhere for all services.UPDATE:  A few days after the service, I decided to double-check all the fluids since I was doing a 700 mile trip and towing a trailer.  I found that the coolant was very low, and they hadn't checked the power steering at all.  I could tell because the PS fluid bottle and cap were covered with oil and dirt which hadn't been disturbed.  So even with the very expensive oil change, they didn't bother to check and top up the other fluids, which every does with an oil change.UPDATE:  I called the person who replied to the review and left a voicemail.  No response at all after a week.
1	I've never left a review in the past, but this experience was so bad I felt obligated to leave this:I bought a certified pre owned Grand Cherokee in which the salesmen told me there was Bluetooth in the vehicle.I purchase the jeep and found out there is no Bluetooth, I called the salesmen to inform him, at which point he attempted to walk me through the set up. He then realized there was no Bluetooth.I came back the next day to address the issue and to get the paint touched up (which was in my contract). When dealing with the manager he informed me that I got a good deal on the jeep and he could not put Bluetooth in (even though it was sold to me with it in). The manager then informs me that I can't get the paint touched up that day because the guy wasn't in (I was told to bring it in because they guy would be there, he was not there). This manager was rude and unpleasant to deal with. I came back the next day to talk to the director of the dealership. On my way in the tire pressure light turns on and the rear passenger wheel was almost flat. The director fixed the Bluetooth discrepancy and ordered the Bluetooth. While waiting for the Bluetooth the glove box started to pop open randomly. When I returned the vehicle a week later for the Bluetooth I informed the service department of the glove box. They installed the Bluetooth and ordered a glovebox part. When I picked up the jeep the driver side mat and door jam were covered in grease. My wife attempted to clean the grease up while we waited for the glove box (we live 50 mins from the dealer so driving back and forth was getting old at this point). I called the service director and informed him of the issues I've encountered so far. He told me he would fill my tank and personally make sure the jeep was taken care of. On my way in to get the glove box installed and grease cleaned up the rear passenger door lock quit working. At this point I've dropped the jeep off for the 3rd time in a month to have issues fixed. When I came to pick the jeep up this most recent time the tank which was going to be filled wasn't filled. All the issues have been fixed so far at the expense of me taking time off work and driving 50 minutes each way to deal with them.If I wanted to deal with a used car salesmen I would have gone to a shady dealer. I went to a jeep dealer for that elevated level service and professionalism which I did not find here...
1	My experience with Airpark Dodge Chrysler Jeep was pretty much the worst shopping experience of my life.  The funny thing is that I'm an extremely loyal Jeep owner.  I've driven a Jeep for the past 15 years and I knew exactly what I wanted.  They didn't need to sell me on the car, they only needed to offer me a fair deal.  Unfortunately they couldn't do that. My salesman was nice enough, but when it came time to put numbers in front of me everything went downhill.  First, they took my keys (to appraise my current Jeep) and then left me waiting alone for about 45 minutes despite the fact that I repeatedly told him that I was on my lunch break and needed to get back to the office.  When he finally came back he put a summarized quote in front of me.  At first blush it just didn't make sense.  The salesman and sales manager attempted to pressure me to make a decision, but I told them I needed to review it and circle back with them and left.  Now, here's the thing, I've worked in commercial finance for years, so I understand financing.  When I got back to the office, I just had a bad taste in my mouth, so I started ripping apart the numbers and reverse engineering the deal.  That is when I really got ticked.  They had offered me lease terms that were at best awful and at worst deceitful and dishonest.  After doing some research I learned that the money factor they were using was twice the industry standard for someone with good credit for that vehicle, the trade offer they made was $2,000 less than I ended up getting, they added $1,000 by tacking on a bunch of "dealer" options we never discussed and I hadn't agreed to, they flat out just added $1,000 to the price for who knows what, and there were a few other shady terms and ridiculous fees included.  After I had fully digested the offer, I was just flat angry that any business would treat its customers that way.  I contacted the sales manager and asked for an explanation and followed up with an email outlining all of the ways that the deal sucked.  His untimely response really did nothing to address my concerns, so I called and asked to speak with the GM.  I explained what had happened, forwarded him the email I had sent the sales manager, and told him that while I would NEVER do business with his dealership I felt he should know how his staff was operating.  He didn't seem too concerned, though and his only response was to offer me an extra $1K on my trade...... no thanks.After that I contacted a company called RC Auto in Phoenix.  Awesome company.  I ended up with the exact car I wanted.  The sticker price for the car was $1,000 more than the Jeep I was looking at Airpark because it had a few more options.  However, after putting $2,000 down, my lease payment was just $20.00 a month more than the deal Airpark put in front of me (which included my trade in as a down payment) and I walked away with a check for $10K for my trade.  All told, I saved over $7K over the life of a 36 month lease vs. the screw job Airpark tried to stick me with.  My advice is stay away from this dealership.Update:  In response to Cassie's comment:  I explicitly asked if a better rate might be available upon running credit and was flatly told no.
5	I had the best experience buying a car here thru the internet department with Damen.  I emailed and was skeptical of the internet price.  Damen called me after i submitted my original email.  We discussed my needs and the prices that were listed online.  He said the price that was listed was the purchase price.  We had a couple more conversations the next day, then I went in to buy.  I was waiting for the catch and the raise in the price....IT DID NOT HAPPEN.  everything we agreed on over the phone was dead on.  I drove the vehicle i wanted (it was already detailed and fueled).  We went over the final price....exactly the same we agreed on over the phone.  I was with my girlfriend and we could not believe it was going so smooth.  We did have to wait a bit for finance, but Damen did his best to get us thru.  I have to say this was the best experience that i have seen in m life.  i have worked in the car business, still know people in the business, and will not hesitate to recommend Damen to anyone.  Very SatisfiedPeter F
1	I really wish Yelp would allow zero stars.Since Airpark Dodge is local We figured it would be a great place to go purchase our exact specification of a Jeep Grand Cherokee for exactly the cost we investigated as fair.We attempted to make this purchase at Airpark Dodge using our own funding.  This process will include working out the deal over the phone....The below story can be summed up with Airpark's final statement to me as "...if you do not finance through us we don't want your business and we want you to leave"In any case,  Airpark Dodge made this the most adversarial car purchasing experience I have ever had.  They are, in my opinion, the most extremely aggressive, misleading, non-scrupulous and untrustworthy dealership I have ever run across.  They wasted a full day of my time and I suggest, prior to going, you tread lightly and consider about anyplace else.***********************During the entire 24 hour process (to the hour) we were extremely clear we had our own financing with an extremely good rate (one they would either not beat or could barely match). In any case we clearly stated we are simply there to purchase the vehicle only and for the amount we required.  It was very clear nothing less than these statements would be acceptable and we wanted a quick and easy transaction.We started the day with the requirements stated and accepted over the phone.  All we needed was the purchase agreement from them. And we would be on our way to the bank to pick up the check and make our purchase.Without going into the line by line issues I will simply state a full day of "misunderstandings" on totals, rebates, sums, flaws and missteps occurred.  They continuously sent incorrect data to give to the bank.  Not only incorrect data but incorrect paperwork.  It was extremely clear as to what we were looking for.  I find it very hard to believe they have never dealt with a customer in this manner.It became obvious I would have to go and get it from them physically (which ends out being exactly what they wanted). Upon arrival the salesman attempted to have me sign all their standard applications for credit (of which I, again, clearly stated I wanted no part of).  In fact at one point he attempted to convince me it was for the purchase only that he required this information (this included my ssn).... I may be dense but not that dense and I clarified my position by statingif I gave you my ssn you do not have permission to run my credit.... Funny, he no longer cared to get that filled out and ran off to see his manager (and I had no intention of giving this to him anyhow)The finance manager got into the mix, actually had the nerve to ask me to explain what the problem was.  After spending the last day working on this I was not about to describe the events of the day.  This particular question was a bit misleading as shortly after he talked as though he was fully versed in the situation.  I am pretty sure he was not fully versed in my particular situation, I sincerely believe he was versed in the script written for our particular purchasing requirement.Well as we know they said they don't want our business if we are not going to finance through them.  They also mentioned we will receive a negative review anyhow.... Guess they didn't think of yelp.I know I should have left sooner but was stuck on the good price I worked out......Really should have left sooner..... And the rest of the story....The next day we went to Chapman Dodge....the acquired the exact same (physically the same) vehicle and sold it to us for exactly our asking price.  The purchase experience was exactly what I hoped for, very smooth, no pressure, no worries.  I was very clear on what we wanted and the abided by our decisions and processed the paperwork for which we required.  I highly recommend you consider going to Chapman Dodge as you first attempt to purchase your vehicle.
5	Very happy with the Airpark ServiceMy service rep Bethanne, insured my truck was ready on time and had the truck parked where I could spend minimal time waiting and got me back on the road fast.
1	They are careless or mischievous, I don't know which. They locked my family in the car lot and my son had an asthma attack! It was a few minutes to closing when we pulled into the lot. I got out to look at a vehicle while my wife and son stayed in the vehicle with it running, doors open, and headlights. There were at least a dozen people on the lot when we pulled in. Just 10 minutes later we realized that everyone was gone. All the gates were locked. How could they miss us with our headlights on and doors open! We drove all around and could not find any way to get out. My son was crying, so I called every number to reach someone, even searched on the corporation commission website for numbers, couldn't reach anyone. I thought about calling a taxi but I called the police and they came, they had a backup number, they called someone and got us out. By this time my son was having an asthma attack. If Airpark Dodge Chrysler Jeep cannot see a customer on the lot with their headlights on, you can also expect these idiots to "overlook" things on your car deal with them. I will never step foot on their lot again.
1	Terrible experience. Sales can't hold an appointment. Ended up walking around the entire dealership looking for help... terrible.  Did not have vehicle on site as promised of course. The sales rep took us to a back lot and forgot the keys.... horrible.  Go somewhere else!!
1	I have purchased two vehicles from Damon here. Damon is a great sales person. He was able to assess our needs and provide us exactly what we asked for. The Service Department on the other hand is another story. I have had to take each of my vehicles back for service. Even if you make an appointment, you are not guaranteed to be serviced at your scheduled time. Most recent experience was today. An appointment was made to service the Jeep Patriots transmission after it failed during a road trip. Not something you would expect on a two year old vehicle. An appointment was scheduled and when I arrived, I was advised the diagnostic would not be complete until the end of the day. Additionally, no loaners are provided. None of this information was provided at the time the appointment was scheduled. That would have been helpful to allow me to make other arrangements. Or perhaps select another dealership. Additionally, they are rude and unprofessional. I will continue to post the progress of my repair.
4	Almost perfect purchase experience.  What I liked:* Almost the entire purchase process was handled online.  These days all the dealers have their inventory online so it is easy to shop around for the car closest to what you want.  Also the price negotiations were via email.  The first time I met our salesman (Damon) was when we went to the dealer to pay for and pick up the car.  Turnaround time for email exchanges was around an hour or so.  The invoice information on the unit we were interested in was readily shared.  * Both Damon and Stacy were very friendly..... no pressure on anything* They gave us a decent trade in for our Honda CRV* The whole process took a couple of hours* No dealer label on the carWhat I didn't like:* Salesman and service writer could not answer my questions about towing.   I know these vehicles are complex, but if they can't answer who can?  They should have given me a phone number or email of someone that could answer my questions.* The deal that the salesman and I agreed on includes several accessories at dealer cost.  When we reviewed the bill for these items we found we were charged Mopar MSRP.... no bargain.  When I complained, I was told that the salesman was not authorized to give us a deal on accessories.  The dealer did give us 10% off, but that is not what we agreed to.  Lesson learned.  Always know the price you expect to pay before going through the dealer's door!  Don't assume anything.  * This dealer charges about $400 for a "documentation fee."  According to our salesman, most dealers in Arizona have this fee.  It is "nonnegotiable,"  but it was the only "add on" that we saw.  Some dealers in the Tucson/Phoenix area have  "add ons" that can amount to well over $1000 (e.g., paint treatments, upholstery treatments, nitrogen in tires, window tinting, etc.).  These are generally very pricey and are designed to increase the profit on the car.   We just considered the "doc fee" to be additional dealer profit and didn't worry about it.  But when we first saw this fee it was rolled into the tax and registration.  If we had not calculated these charges independently, we would not have known it was there.  Again, be careful.  Check everything, including the math!Overall, a good experience which is something I cannot say about many of the cars I have purchased in the past.  The internet has really changed how cars can be purchased.    All the inventories are online, all the prices (MSRP and invoice) are online and there are many forums where others report on the deals they were able to get on their vehicle.  With all this information you can be much better prepared to make a purchase.  One final note, this dealer uses MPP for their extended warranties (http://www.mpp.com/) which we bought.  Time will tell if this was a wise purchase.
2	This place really is hit and miss with the customer service.  My dealing was with the internet/fleet team.  The sales guy Ian and Shawn were great and very helpful.  Finance guys were very helpful.We purchased a vehicle new off the lot.  We were looking for something specific and the sales guys found it for us.  We did the paperwork and took possession of the Jeep.  It's then we noticed it had a front license plate which was screwed in 6 places making 6 holes when you remove.  I went back the next day to see if they had some bumper plugs.  I talked to the fleet manager Brandon who basically treated me like I he had some place better to be.  Apparently in the mid-west they all have license plates so I should just deal with it.  Ian showed up and promptly gave me 6 bumper plugs.  Problem easily solved.Then we noticed that the Jeep was missing parts.  A call to Ian and no problem, he would fix it.  Of course we still don't have all the things that should have come with the vehicle.  There's no checklist of things to do when they give you the car.  They just say adios.Then we decided to order rock rails from parts.  Al from parts charged my card for the rails and install in advance.  Two days he said, we will call to confirm.  Nobody called.  A few days later I called parts and a new guy said 5-7 days.  A week later no parts.  Called back - it will be two weeks.  Two weeks later - it will be two months.  It's like these guy just click buy in the computer and take your cash.   They won't let us just order with a deposit or call when the parts are in - we had to cancel the order.  100% money up front and we have no idea when you will get your stuff.  Great policy.Then we needed some service to be completed with the new vehicle.  We contacted service and made an appointment with Bethanne.  As part of our new car purchase we get free rental.  To confirm, we called Bethanne and left a message.  3pm she still hadn't returned our call.  We called back.  Rose said "oh she just went into her office let me transfer you".  Sure enough voice mail.  We called back and this time Rose put us through.  Nope you don't get a loaner or rental.  In the end it turned out we did.  Mark in finance helped us.  Bethanne apparently had something better to do than to check for us.
1	Skip the Service Department for sure! I bought a new 2012 Jeep Grand Cherokee Overland from Airpark a few years ago. I received a recall notice from Chrysler a few weeks ago and promptly made an appointment to have it taken care of at this dealer. I used the handy online appointment program, indicated that the appointment was for a Recall, and received an email confirmation from the dealer for my appointment. The day before the appointment (7/1), I received another email from service coordinator Bethanne, reminding me of my appointment. I show up promptly at my appointment time the next day and present my recall notice paperwork, where I am advised by Bethanne, in person, that they 'do not have the parts for this recall yet'. Mind you, this is AFTER driving from Cave Creek to the Scottsdale dealership (25 minutes each way). When I asked her why they didn't ask me WHICH recall I was coming in for during either of the two times that they had contacted me, she claimed that she did not know that it was a recall until this morning (so apparently the emails are 100% automated with no human thought behind them). Then I asked why the online service program didn't ask which recall notice I had ... since it HAD asked me whether I was coming in for a recall. Her reply? It doesn't do that. No sorry for my trouble. Nothing. I may have bought my car here (and dropped a lot of money on it), but I will take it somewhere else to get the recall service, and for ANY OTHER service need that I have (FYI Moore Chrysler Jeep on Bell Road in Glendale is a great place to have work done). My Airpark Jeep experience/visit has to be the worst customer service moment/experience that I have had in a long time.Also worth noting: If you buy a car at this dealership, they will call you every few months and ask you if you are ready to trade it in for a new one. If you don't answer, they will call and leave repeated messages. Really? These calls have been happening every few months, to my cell phone, for two years now. I will never buy a car here again, even though the original experience was fine. It's the follow up (service, selling) that will make you hate this place in the long run ...
1	My best advice is to run away from this place.  We went here a year ago looking at cars.  Could not make a deal with them.  Since then we get bombed with phone calls and e-mails from these people.  I have called them more than once to take us off phone and e-mail list.  We still get them and they will not stop.  If you do not want your privacy taken away from these jerks stay away!!!!!!!!  Maybe now you people will leave us alone.
1	The service department needs a overhaul. I do not even know where to start.
1	I am not ok with how I was treated by the management here.  We told them what our budget is. Then when it came time to leave and sign the monthly went up by fifty dollars. And when we talked to them about it, they thought it was funny that it all happened.
1	I bought a car here 2 years ago and an MPP service plan as well. The salesman assured me that it was the top of the line plan, that it would cover pretty much everything including oil changes, 1 battery during the life of the plan, and one new set of brake pads, as well as almost anything else I can think of. I paid 3,000 for 72 months of this. I have brought my car in twice over the past two year and have yet to have any work covered whatsoever. I am never buying a car from this place again.
1	Service here is a complete clusterfuk.  Very disorganized.  Dropping off and picking up your car is an awful experience even if you have an appointment.  I made the mistake of not picking up my car by 5pm on a Saturday and they held it hostage until Monday morning.  Leave it to these people to make it insanely difficult to pay for and pick up your car when their department is closed.  Sure, the sales department can screw you on a Sunday, but god forbid there is somebody that can help you out in the service department 100 yards away from the sales floor.
5	I ended up going to Airpark Dodge Chrysler Jeep who gave me an outstanding deal and honored their word. They told me what they could do and couldn't do and didn't beat around the bush. I worked with John Patrick who goes by JP and he was a straight shooter from start to finish.  If you go there ask for him, he's the man. Easy to work with, laid back, straight shooter, not pushy at all.
5	Had a very smooth transaction here, negotiated over the phone and they stuck to their word when I showed up.  Wasn't thrilled about the window tinting and remote start charges, but they gave me the more for my trade in then two other dealerships and had the car I wanted.
4	My husband did lots of research on the cars he thought would be best for our family and the dealerships we should contact. My Father in Law bought a bio diesel from Airpark and loved his experience, so we came. My husband came one day and asked to test drive 4 different Jeeps. Fred didn't have any problem allowing him to test drive what he needed. He was patient and very knowledgeable about each vehicle. Fred didn't try to push any deals on him or "sell" him. My husband left and went to a couple other dealerships. Long story short... My husband brought me back to "test drive only". Fred was gracious, showed me a couple of cars. Then worked a great deal for us. I only gave 4 stars because of the time it took.
1	Go someplace else. They are too busy for you after the sale.
5	Best car buying experience, ever.  Simple smooth transaction.  Couldn't have been any better.
5	This is by far the best experience I've had buying a car. I have been putting off getting a new car because I didn't want to get pressured into anything and didn't want to deal with getting ripped off for my trade-in,  but Ian Jones was extremely friendly and professional and didn't make me feel pressured in any way, PLUS he was able to get me way more than what I was expecting for my trade-in. Tony in Finance was really friendly as well and was able to answer all of my questions.  I have previously only bought through Sanderson Ford, but from now on I'm sticking with Airpark!
1	Well, it has been over a week since I purchased a vehicle from them. They have called me 3-4 times a day, every other day since I purchased a vehicle wanting to know when I was going to look at the vehicle I inquired about, DUH, I already bought it. I have been harassed almost every day and I keep telling them that I already purchased the vehicle and not to call me. lo and behold, someone else calls. Trying to call to talk to someone is a joke. I just get voicemail and sent to everyone other than the person I want and leave a message and no call back. I have never been so disappointed in all my car buying life. I so wanted to like this dealer, but support after the sale is NULL!They were late sending papers to finance company and they threatened to send backup contract on me when they were aware of check coming to them. Tried to contact finance dept to check on status and resolve with finance manager and he never calls back. They were so nice when I first bought but have no clue how to help AFTER the sale with problems they created.I WILL NEVER GO BACK THERE AGAIN........BUY ELSEWHERE!!
5	My husband and I found a truck that we liked on our USAA app. Immediately upon clicking to be contacted Fred reached out. We told him we would be there in 10 minutes. He had the keys ready and we immediately hopped in the truck for a test drive. Fred was friendly, and he had our best interest in mind. After a long few weeks of truck shopping, meeting someone like Fred was refreshing. Our experience with this location did not end after purchasing the vehicle. We called Fred the next day with a question and he asked that we bring it in immediately to get looked at, and that he would make sure that we were taken care of.   He followed through on his word. Several days after Fred reached out to us to make sure that everything was going well. We are beyond grateful for Fred and Airpark Jeep Chrystler Dodge. We will be purchasing our vehicles here in the future. Thank you Fred!!
1	Last Sunday I went to Vegas to go pick up a car for a friend and on the way back my truck started having transmission issues. Monday morning i took it to Air Park Chrysler jeep in North Scottsdale.... You know where this is going. My truck has an extended warranty so that helps... Their service department is the worst on the planet that I have ever dealt with.. They said they had fixed it I went to go pick it up the next day and got about a mile down the street and it was having the same problem.. I took it back and they found other issues with it that needed to be fixed... Shouldn't they have done that in the first place??? I have called there so many times just to get an update I have memorized the # now.. They will NEVER call you back and they NEVER answer the phones when you call.. I have gotten the run around for over a week now and I finally called management to resolve the issue... Still don't have my truck back.....Again tell everyone you know never to take their vehicles there to be repaired. Read all the reviews online and you will see what I am talking about.Update as of 11/11/14  Went to go pick my truck up after work and of course they said they couldn't fix it and had to call Chrysler to find out what to do.. Spoke to Doyle about how bad the customer service was in the Service department and he told me "Ya.. we really don't need that around here"....WOW  ....They did swap out my rental and gave me a truck that I could tow with.Update as of 11/26/14,  I finally got my truck back on 11/21/14 after over 3 weeks.  It took them several times to figure out what was wrong with it after throwing random parts at it to see if that was the problem.  Turns out if they just took it part in the first place to diagnose it, it would have been fixed quicker.  Turns out it needed an overhaul, which I mentioned to them in the first place. As of today I still do not have any of  the paper work for the work that they have done to it. I have called 3 days in a row and keep getting promised that I will be getting it that day and it never comes. PLEASE PEOPLE, DO NOT TAKE YOUR VEHICLE THERE FOR REPAIR.  Its like monkeys F'n footballs there and the Service Director Doyle is a complete asshole.  I had gone in there several times during this miserable experience and after dealing with him he refused to acknowledge that I was even there even after looking right at me.Update as of 12/5/14  On Monday 12/1 i started to have the same shifting problem again after getting my truck back  a few days previously.  We guess what, It's a valve body again , They have now put 4 valve bodies in ,, count them 4!!. in just over a month and I still do not have my truck back from them.Update as of 12/18..  Once again I had to bring my truck back on 12/10/14 for the SAME problem and once again they decided to replace the same part  for the 5TH time now.... Hint... Maybe there is a bigger problem causing the valve body to fail... Just saying...  Yesterday, 12/17/14 , They decided it was time to replace the transmission FINALLY!!!!!!!!!!!!  I still do not have my truck back Maybe I will get it before Christmas,, who knows.  I had to get Chrysler involved after they have wasted over a month and half of my life..... Please people Never take your vehicles there for repair...Unless you never want to see it again.Update as of 1/8/15... Finally got my truck back on 12/23/14.  After looking under neath the truck to inspect it I discovered that they installed the Rebuilt transmission with a smashed transmission pan.  I know that it was not like that previously because i had checked it before.  I went back again to have them put the original pan on the truck and they gave me the excuse that the smashed one came on the new transmission,  So why didn't they replace it in the first place I asked?  They had no answer for me.. go figure.  The sensor that they installed the very first time went bad again and they had to replace that too...  So far it drives fine,, only time will tell.
5	Excellent place to buy your new Chrysler, Jeep or Dodge. Just got a new 2015 Ram. It's my second Ram having traded in my 2010. Eric Dunton provided me great customer service on my initial visit, helping me identify trucks that fit my need and getting me a great price on my trade in. Dave Hylton helped me complete the deal and put me in the truck of my dreams. Kudos to them both and to everyone else that got me through the process and down the road in my new truck. Highly recommend Airpark if you're looking for a new car.
1	Feeling like you've been taken advantage of because you're a women... Worse feeling in the world. I took my car in for a rattling nose and the service manger suggested that I get a rental for night because I shouldn't get on the freeway with that noise. I've driven with the noise for two weeks but fine. He said he should know something in an hour or so...nothing. Called the next morning, car is cool, they've had it overnight they should have an answer, not so much he calls me back at 10, he said he'd have an answer in about 20 mins, he gave me a call back 2 hours later. Said it would be my rocker arms and it would be 2400.00. Well I know a little bit about cars so I do a little more research and find labor should be no more than 3hours and parts about 500.00/600.00. I call him back and he states well bit's about time you get your timing belt changed, water pump and some other things. Maybe they are use to people being able to drop their car off and address all issues... I'm not in that position. So he gives me the price to fix the rocker arms which is the issue I brought it in. So they "fix my issue"... Well they replace the rocket arms and I have the issue. I talked to Doyle the service director and let's just say customer service is not his strong point....
1	*CAUTION WITH THE SERVICE DEPARTMENT-GO TO CHAPMAN INSTEAD*I have been going to this dealer for several years for oil changes and maintenance, and then my car started leaking oil, so I brought it in for a check.  It turned out that the oil pan threads had been stripped (from previous service?) and it needed a new oil pan for $1300.  I talked to the service manager, Doyle, who said he would check with my service advisor, but never called me back.  The car was not drivable so I let them put in the oil pan.  When I checked the price at Chapman-it was $400 less!   My car had a clean inspection in May, and now suddenly the drive shaft is showing extreme wear and needs to be replaced.  When I asked my service advisor about how this could happen in 6 months (I have a diesel)  he said they had gone with a quick lube process and the techs that do the inspections and oil changes don't have the training to look at drive shafts etc. When I checked, again it was much less at Chapman.  I hope you learn from my mistake: check with another dealer for prices before going to these people.  I would not recommend this dealer.
1	Their service department leaves a lot to be desired. After calling Seth in service twice and not receiving a call back both times I called to speak to the service manager. After reaching the operator and asking for the service manager's line I was told that she can help me with any issues. I told her and her response was that she can help me set n appointment. I asked once again to speak with the service manager and was, again, told she can handle it. I once again, sternly, asked to speak to the service manager and was finally transferred. Apparently customer service isn't instilled in the service department whatsoever if I have to ask three times to speak with the manager and don't receive a cal back to schedule an appointment with someone who's job it is. That was my most recent experience, reverse back to the first time I went in for an oil change and asked Seth if they would look at my parking sensors because they were't working properly. He responded with no, because they look at that stuff in the morning and I came too late. It was 3PM and they had technicians there until 5:30PM. That seems like plenty of time to me to look at one thing. I would advice skipping their service department and finding another.
5	Great Service!!!! The Service department always takes good care of me and my vehicle... Service staff is always friendly and courteous..
5	My husband needed to buy a new car.  After being treated VERY poorly at Moore's and Autonation-Renne and Airpark gave us a painless experience. They gave us a fair trade for his crossfire and made us feel as if they wanted our business.   and after autonation refused to give us anything off a certain 200S-Renne made a trade w/ them and gave us one literally for the same car.  plus a better trade in value for our car.They've got our business and we'll never go back to either of the other agencies.
1	Do not purchase a vehicle here if you live out of state. My husband purchased a truck here back in July (2014) and we have yet to be able to register it in California. I have called the manager Matt Labbate who sold us the truck numerous of times and have not heard anything back from him so we are on our own trying to figure it out. I guess the service is good until you buy a car, once that's done they have no need to make you happy. We were told by the dealership that registering it here would be easy. Quite the contrary! This will be our third extension at the DMV as they have not received the title that we requested three times now (Finance companies fault). Also we were told we purchased an full extended warranty and I called to schedule a service and they informed us that the plan only has up to 10 oil changes and four tire rotations. We were under the impression that we bought a full warranty package that offered rental services, and any wear and tear services (brakes, oil changes, tire rotations, and any other mechanical issues). We are looking to buy a new car and I will not be going to Airpark Dodge.
1	They don't honor advertised services. Basic services (oil, inspection, tire rotation) with NO appointment in 30 mins but WITH an appointment it's an hour and a half!?Service man Adam, denied said advertisement then did some stumbling when I showed it to him. ....still tried to deny it! I give one star for them answering the phone.....crap
1	Arrived 6:50 am pulled up to the express oil change, (fast lane)  service mgr comes over to fill out ticket and asked me who my appt was with, when i told him i didnt have one he started being snippy, i never needed an appt before, ive been coming here 2-3x  a yr for 3  yrs, so i go into the lobby to find it filthy and no coffe yet, whats going on here in fancy scottsdale? I think i need to find a new Dodge place!!
5	Just bought our family's 5th car in 15 years at Airpark. We've been going to Airpark since it was Ed Moses Dodge.  This one is a Jeep Cherokee Sport (traded in the pre-owned Mustang I bought at Airpark in 2011). I worked with Fred Nielsen as my sales associate, Robert Pitman from Internet sales and Ben Smith in finance. I guess the reasons we keep going back there are 1. They make you feel like you are a welcome client (you could learn something from them Autonation Ford on FLW); 2. Feel like we get a fair deal - they're not giving it away but don't feel like we are getting ripped off either (again Autonation Ford you could learn something) and 3. We feel like we he been treated fairly and honestly by the service dept (wife's Grand Caravan from Airpark has 105k miles so we've been to service once or twice). It's probably obvious from the review that I wasn't pleased with my experience at Autonation Ford on FLW. I was all set to buy a Fusion Hybrid before even looking at the Jeep except the finance guy at Autonation Ford was a complete jerk to both me and the couple sitting at the table next to me.  The sales guy lied to me about dealer add-ons and claimed there weren't any when they were right there in the estimate.  That's what caused me to look elsewhere. I'm really, really happy with both my new car (although admittedly I've only had it for a couple hours) and the sales experience. I didn't feel like there was any game playing.  There was the usual back and forth negotiating, which is fine, but none of that patronizing BS you often get (there was none of the "you're really going to walk away from the car for $10 extra dollars a month" standard car sales BS) I felt like I got a fair deal for the vehicle as confirmed by Edmunds and True Car. I would recommend them to both friends and family..UPDATE:  5 days later I realize that I left stuff in the seatback pocket of the car I traded in.  I went back to the dealership, the car was still on the lot and I could see my stuff in the pocket. Bo in sales, who wasn't even my sales person, spent 30 minutes tracking down they keys and walking me to my car.  There was something really important there so. Was very appreciative. That type of extra assistance is why I like Airpark.
