5	I have been watching the progress on this really cool looking shop for several months.  Friday, July 19th, it looked like it might be open.  I pulled into the very easily accessible parking lot right off of Graham St.  You can turn in whether inbound or outbound as there is no median.  It looks very inviting from the outside and from the parking lot, the windows are from ground level and about 10 feet or so tall.  But when you look inside the tables are below parking level which gives this really vintage cool vibe.  I walked in the front door and the proprietor, Ken greeted me.  He was so nice and welcoming just as an owner should be.  The interior is perfect because it is hip while inviting and artsy.  The clock I admired, was created by his son as well as the bicycle table.  I am really excited to meet clients here in the near future!
5	I just stopped into this bakery for my first time and tried a pan au chocolat... a chocolate croissant. It was amazing! I am purposefully going to be waking up earlier before work just to get by the bakery and eat more of their delicious baked goods. The coffee was pretty darn good too. Couldn't say enough good things about the bakery- friendly staff, great food, and probably one of the most interesting atmospheres of any bakery or restaurant in Charlotte (their milk/sugar table sits on top of a bicycle!!!). Love it.
4	What a sweet local bakery, and such a nice addition to uptown. The owner, Ken, is also the head baker, his wife helps work the front register, and they are both lovely people. After detailed discussions with Ken over the attributes of each pastry, I ended up with quite a haul.CHOCOLATE CHIP COOKIE: perfect mix of crunch and chewy, with a buttery flavor and just the right amount of chocolate chips. CROISSANT: flaky, buttery layers exactly as it should have; however, it was a little tough for my tastes. BLONDIE:  the best I've ever had.  Top crunchy layer, soft and chewy interior with a large amount of chocolate chips.  Also, this thing is huge! Much bigger than my hand, it's a bargain for $3.25. TOMATO PIZZA: dough is great. Nice flavor with both crisp and chew. House made mozzarella with oven roasted and sundried tomatoes. Served cold, this is average, but once re-crisped in the oven this is delicious. CINNAMON RAISIN BREAD PUDDING: I've never been a fan of bread pudding, and this one didn't change my mind.
5	I think I just found my local coffee spot, which sadly to say, is very hard to come by Uptown. It's all Starbucks! Anywho, I am loving the breakfast croissants which are so cool. The croissant is freshly baked and the egg, cheese and meat are baked inside the croissant. But you have to eat it right away because the croissant hardens quickly . . . maybe not enough butter? Coffee is also good. One size and refills available. Oh, and they have free parking and plenty of space and seating.
4	The croissants are awesome-both chocolate and classic. Also try the cinnamon roll WARM!!yummy! They make specialty coffee drinks but do NOT have 2%or skim yet.
4	Fourth Ward Bread Company off Graham Street in #CLT is a welcome addition to the neighborhood but a LONG time coming. The space is large with lots of places to eat or lounge. I loved their blackboard wall and bicycle coffee valet station. Let me get into the food before commenting on operations. Most people know this place for their "Kronuts", but I agree with Kathleen Purvis/Helen Schwab's funny video on it - they are tough and not delicious. So move onto the goodness. Kathleen says their standout offering is the pain du chocolat but I would argue it's actually the egg and cheese croissant where as Tae-Sun mentioned, they bake the egg with seasoning and fresh chives right into the croissant with pure deliciousness and provides a really filling crunch.For sweets, I'd vote any of their bread puddings. I wouldn't say "OH I'm a big bread pudding fan." It's usually heavy, and either too dry or too soggy. This is almost like a french toast bake but with absolutely delicious flavoring. I've tried Mocha, Chocolate, Blueberry and one other flavor they were giving samples of during their "soft opening" and each was totally delicious in every way. I couldn't even pick a favorite they were all fantastic.  Another great pick? Their brownies, which far outshine their GIANT blondie brownies or cookies. Their brownies are like fudge and definitely my favorite plain chocolate brownie in town. YUM.Their roast beef sandwich is HUGE and pretty good, though there's au jus on is so sometimes the bread can be soggy. There are roasted peppers/onions on it and it has decent seasoning but it really needs something else- like a horseradish spread or a spicy mustard. They offer 1 other sandwich and a bunch of pizza breads which I haven't tried. This town has a huge shortage of really good sandwiches (2 places I can think of), so I think they should totally expand their sandwich menu and their lunches would take off in a major way.  I'd be happy to be a sandwich consultant or taster (hint hint).  Their coffee is pretty good, but I agree with Shalu- it's a bummer they don't have skim or 2% milk. Let's recap my five star faves here:- EGG & CHEESE CROISSANT- BREAD PUDDING (ANY FLAVOR)- BROWNIE- COFFEEBack to operations- I think they're bakers, and a friendly family owned business but clearly not experienced business owners. Not only did their upfit take forever, they teased us with signage for I swear a year until they opened. Not only that but they painted hours on the door a few weeks before they opened so there were poor sods like me who tried opening the door with no one in there. Not to mention their bizarre soft opening for a couple days and then closed back up and reopened weeks later. That's not a soft opening, that's called a trial run. They clearly need a marketing firm to advise them. Man, I'm harsh for a 4 star review! But my other operational complaint? Their hours. I can't tell you how many time It's been 8:20 pm and wanted to go there but they were closed. Argh. You want a bakery to be open for early breakfast or for post-dinner dessert. They don't have to be open 24 hours like Amelie's, but 7am -9 pm would be ideal especially since they have beer/wine. I'd love to meet a friend for wine and dessert .I have faith they'll get more experienced and expand their menu so I look forward to coming back with a 5 star revised review. They're already MILES ahead of Nova's.
5	Great atmosphere the space is beautiful,  its right down the street from my house which is a plus, everyone is very friendly and greets you with a smile, the bread pudding is to die for  in every flavor,  the owner is really cool and can give you the full details on every pastry available. The portions are nice and big and everything is fresh and warmed to perfection, they also have a nice tea selection.
5	Best turkey sandwich I have had that wasn't thanksgiving leftovers! Homemade mozzarella and the bread? Yum!
5	In my review of Le's Sandwich shop I ask for a recommendation of any decent baguettes in Charlotte that are actually baked in-house.  Well, I stumbled across Fourth Ward Bread by accident, and found the baguettes I sought.Came in right before closing and they had two baguettes left and some batards.  I tried one of the baguettes (tore off pieces in the car, eaten plain with a cup of tea) and was very impressed.  Wish I'd had it fresh out of the oven, but that wasn't their fault, I found them at closing time.I came back and had their hot Italian beef sandwich and it was fantastic.  Tender shaved beef with plenty of giardiniera to add flavor and contrast.  My wife had the roasted potato bianca and loved it.  The decor (brick walls, 20' ceilings, huge windows, open kitchen) is among the most attractive I've seen in Charlotte, and reminds of my favorite London bakery.  Excellent service, and fresh bread and ingredients.  We'll be back regularly.
5	This is the type of place charlotte has been lacking, a real bakery with a laid back attitude, but serious about the food!
5	I've been twice and both times we're amazing! I recommend the quiche. It's the best I've had.
5	We stopped in for a snack and had the hummus with bagel chips. The black bean hummus was amazing. We had so many bagel chips I went up and asked if we could buy some of the red pepper hummus to try with our extra chips. For a great price we got that and it was great. Awesome deal and very friendly staff!!
4	What can I say about this incredible establishment??? The brownies and bagels are incredible. Every bite brought a tear to my eyes. Brownies are chewy and gooey and the edges are crispy. The custom bagels have a homemade quality to them that you can't get from any mainstream establishment. Can get a bit pricey if you're really hungry, but well worth it
5	Great place for a yummy treat, small menu but everything on it is very good.  The best bagel I have ever had.  Cinnamon bun was excellent.  Definitely go!!!
5	Great addition to the ever growing fourth ward. All of their breakfast sandwiches have been great. I've only had the iced coffee and that was good too. The staff is joyful and happy to help you.  The atmosphere is a perfect mix of coffee house and resturant.
5	Being from the north-east, I am particular about my bagels - finally, I have found some decent bagels in the south. Fourth Wards are THE BEST! And it's about time we got  a cool coffee shop downtown!  Love this place. Great vibe inside. Beautifully restored building. It's clean, and the focaccia is amazing. The people are incredibly nice as well.
4	I finally got around to visiting Fourth Ward Bread Co this Sunday.  It was a few hours before the Panthers game so it was busier than usual.  The shop is in a cool brick building with lots of natural light.  I ordered a egg and cheese sandwich and a coffee.  The cashier who I suspect was the owner was very nice.  The sandwich was unique, not simply a croissant cut in half, it was quartered with the egg (a egg that was still slightly gooey-yum!) was at the center.  The Guatemalan dark roast coffee was also good.  There were a few small things that seemed off but none of them were deal breakers by any means.  I liked the high top seating near the door, but the "soft" seating area seemed designed for looks more than functionality.  One of the chairs was covered in pillows making it very difficult to use.  The corner seating area had several wood reading chairs, but there were no end tables to rest coffees or plates of food.  There was a big coffee table, but every inch of it was layered with magazines.  There's a great opportunity here to make this seating area more functional.  The other odd thing I noted was that their WiFi has the default "2WIREXXX" name which makes it impossible to pick out from the apartment complex across the street.  I know that's a nitpick, but it's a three minute fix, and please change the WiFi password from the default 10 character random number to something easier.  Pricing was not cheap, but not outrageous, $4 for egg/cheese croissant and $2 for a coffee.  Their location is a bit unfortunate, they are directly across the street from a Dunkin Donuts.  So you're basically paying a $2 premium to support a small business with better service, better ambiance, and higher quality food than Dunkin.  Easy decision if you're going to set up shop for an hour to study, less so if you're running in and out.  I will definitely be visiting again.
5	Omg the egg and cheese croissant was to die for.. And only 3.99 for breakfast! Not a bad deal in Charlotte.. Highly recommend this hipster locale
4	I have been here a couple times now.  The breakfast croissants are amazing!  If i lived closer I would be there probably too often.
5	The croissants with egg, cheese and a meat were fantastic! The cinnamon roll was also very very good. The place has a great atmosphere and I will definitely be returning.
5	We LOVE this place!!!!! We've had the regular and chocolate bread pudding, blonde brownie, regular brownie, and breakfast croissants and they are all equally AMAZING!!!! They're a little expensive but well worth it; it's prob a good thing because 2 of everything above will definitely land you ~$60. They are so friendly and warm which is perfect when you're still trying to wake up! Our favorite breakfast in uptown, hands down!
5	Yummmmm!  We love our neighborhood bakery with their piping hot Americanos, fresh pastries, and chewy bread.  Their pastries aren't sicky-sweet and their selections change quite often.  I really think they have the best croissants I've had...crispy and flaky on the outside with a gooey, buttery inside.  They have a very comfortable seating area with plenty of tables...it's a nice spot for laptop work or a little coffee talk!  They also offer more substantial breakfast "sandwiches", lunch soup/sandwich combos, and pizzas.
4	A great neighborhood spot for bread, lunch, coffee and sweets. We've gotten both a cinnamon roll and a blueberry strudel- so delicious. I also stopped by for a bowl of clam chowder for an afternoon snack- their soup changes daily, so check in often! The ambiance is open yet cozy, and I can definitely see myself swinging by here to grab a coffee and do a little work.
4	This place is a great neighborhood bakery. Pretty much everything I have had has been fresh and tasty. The only disappointing thing is that the original kronuts and the zucchini flatbread are gone. Please bring them back, they were so so good!
5	Do you know how happy I am that this place is less than a block from where I live? VERY!We come here for breakfast once every weekend or two, and we also get the occasional goody in between weekends.  Their cookies and pastries are very very good.  But what really comes to mind is their breakfast sandwiches.  They make a croissant version with a sort of hollowed out "boat", with over easy egg and sausage crumbles, which is very tasty, though the edges/ends of the croissant become too dry in the process (if they're baked twice, the second time when assembling the "sandwich," then maybe they need to underbake it the first time? Just a thought...).  The biscuit sandwiches, though, are AWESOME.  The biscuits are hot, buttery, and dense, but that's how I like them personally.  Add egg, cheese and sausage and you have a mmmmm-inducing sandwich that is the perfect start on a Saturday.  They have very good brewed coffee too.  What a great addition to our neighborhood! We'll be back again and again!
5	This place was great. I have been twice now. Had their homemade biscuits, croissants and sandwiches. Got several quiche Lorraine's to go and they were a hit too. Fresh, local, great service, totally hooked!
3	Mustve caught it on a bad day. Stopped in while traveling and food was ok. Cool location but thats all i got out of it
3	On the way back front he airport we figured we would stop in here for a breakfast sandwich before heading home. The exterior and interior were well lit with natural light and high ceilings. For a Sunday at 11:30 it was not too crowded although we did not have a place to eat when our order came up, which was no biggie we could take it to go. The ordering process was quick and they had the exact breakfast sandwich I was looking for bacon, egg and cheese on a croissant. It took about 10 minutes for them to call our number. At this point we realized we definitely couldn't stay and eat, since there were no tables so we asked the man to pack up the sandwiches to go. He looked a little aggravated at this request, but bounced back after packaging up the food and replying "Have a great morning and enjoy." Presentation-wise the breakfast sandwiches looked amazing and not your ordinary scrambled egg with cheese and bacon, since the egg was cooked sunny-side up. I took a few bites and meh not much taste, only a sprinkle of bacon (which they charged $1.00 more for) and I did not taste any cheese...where was the cheese? The part that sealed the deal for me not to seek this place out was the hard, tough croissant that accompanied the flavorless egg, cheese and bacon. I ended up throwing out half of the croissant.Perhaps they have really good bagels or coffee? I am a little perplexed as to why they are a 4.5 star joint after my experience, but I will definitely not be seeking this place out for breakfast. For croissant breakfast sandwiches I'm heading back to Amelie's.
5	Served up some really great sandwiches.  I will definitely be returning.
3	Popped in here the other day with the hopes of grabbing lunch and I don't normally eat carbs but I assumed there might be a salad for me.  I was wrong.  The daily salad entree wasn't available that day and that was a let down.  However, I will tell you that if you like a great sandwich, they make a great one here from what I saw.   I need to come back on a cheat day.Decor is mostly the exposed brick, loft style interior with plenty of seating for those that love to stay with the Mac all day long it seems.  The staff was nice and friendly and I did have a coffee and will report that this is NOT the place for coffee if you are looking for something exotic really.  Not Just Coffee still reigns supreme in that category.Parking is beside the building and free it appears.
4	After doing a quick drive by, and passing up on Dunkin' Donuts, we stopped in to the bakery to pick up a quick bite. We came right before the rush on a Saturday morning. While we waited at our table for our number to be called, I watched the service counter. The gentleman who was serving up the delectable treats had the most fabulous smile and a pleasant comment for just about everyone. What a wonderful way to start a day.I ordered a sausage, egg, and cheese croissant and was extremely pleased when it came. The croissant was hollowed out in the center forming a well for cheese, crumbled, sagey sausage, and a poached egg. The croissant itself was dense and flaky with the traditional loaded with butter taste. The exterior was deep golden brown and crisp. A heavenly combination of flavors and textures. When my husband, who is more particular about his food, offered me his egg an cheese croissant I could not say no! The perfect blend of proteins and carbs was well worth not eating the rest of the day.The menu looks a little limited but it appears that what they have they do well. I would stop here again for breakfast.
4	We stopped in for a bite on our way into town. The bacon, egg and cheese croissant was unique and tasty, and the Kronut was melt in my mouth good. The staff was very friendly and helpful. Very busy little place so seating was hard to come by mid morning. Some tables outside would be a nice addition.
4	I had the breakfast croissant and it was amazing. The staff is friendly and the food tasted fresh and original!I'm really glad that I opted for this over my usual Dunkin Donuts stop.
4	Fourth Ward Bread Co. is the perfect neighborhood bakery for rough mornings, a quick lunch, or afternoon caffeine fix.Pretty brick building with its own parking lot (!) and is easily accessible across from CVS uptown.The bagels are absolutely huge! I prefer thinner bagels for breakfast sandwiches but the bagels themselves are divine and was quite impressed with my bacon, egg, and cheese.The egg and cheese croissants are delicious and probably the most popular item, but they sadly don't always have them. The bread pudding is scrumptious too and they usually have samples at checkout.Have yet to have anything sweet but everything looks delicious.My one issue is that they only have one checkout line and can take a while on busy mornings. Plan ahead!
5	By far my best find within walking distance from my apartment. Parking is tight if you have to drive but it is definitely worth it. The bread was extremely fresh and the turkey was perfectly smoked. Plus the prices were not that bad for the amount of food you get. I can't wait to return and try more items on the menu!
5	The pizza is TO DIE FOR!!!!  It takes 20 minutes to make the pizza and it is completely worth the wait!!  And don't get me started on the kronuts!!! Oh! Em! Geeeee!!! Perfect!
3	Currently a 3.5. I really wanted to try their blondie and chocolate chip scone but they were out so DEF need to go back.Pkg is tricky. They have a pkg lot on one side of the bldg with minimal spacing. I didn't wanna risk getting towed.Friendly staff. Cool vibe. Love watching the kitchen at work.Ordered their sausage, egg, and cheese croissant / bacon, egg, and cheese on a sesame bagel / 2 croissants / vanilla latte. Hubs got the croissant sandwhich which he enjoyed. I likes my bagel sandwhich which my kid ate half. Croissants are just ok. Great size and chewy inside. I like it better cut in half and toasted. Vanilla latte was one of the better I've had in the area. Smooth without the dark bitterness. Perfect amount of sweetness (and I like mine sweet). Im curious what kind of sweetener they use.Price adds up. Next time I will stick to their bakery and try their iced coffee.
3	The atmosphere is really cool but the options were not that great. I got a veggie sandwich and it was not that great.
5	I am giving this place a 5 almost because everything looks so good I want to go back and try it all. I had a roast beef on sourdough and it was delicious. Combined that with a cucumber feta salad and it made for a terrific lunch. I got a box of Kronuts to go and they were devoured quickly for breakfast the next day. Sugary sweet and buttery, you won't need to eat for a while after one. I am dying to go back and get a baguette as they look like the ones we had in Paris.
3	It's hard to complain about somewhere you go so often but Fourth Ward Bread Co started out SO strong and has slowly dwindled to an A-okayish establishment. Within two blocks of boyfriends apartment, I was very excited to have a breakfast/lunch coffee spot with great looking treats and good coffee. The vibe is pretty great. I thoroughly enjoy the laid back decor but the laid back wait stuff, not as much. With only one check out/order line and a slower than usual staff, sometimes it can be a little frustrating (especially when your often only waiting for a single coffee and nothing else). Now for the treats....Kronuts. I had dreams about these after my first one. They were so delicious and came in different flavors and you had to pray that there would be one left for you when you got to the front of the line. But alas, kronut, no more. Now, instead, they have gone from great circular flavored goodness to a croissant just rolled in cinnamon sugar. When asked about the change, they said "they wanted it to be their own." Not to be sassy but no one wants their own, we want the kronuts - proven by the fact that now they only serve them a few days a week and there are aaaaalllwaaayss plenty left over. I havent had one in weeks, if that means something to any of you. Everything else is very decent. I enjoyed the cinnamon muffin, the brownie, the blondie, the egg infused croissant breakfast sandwich, and the bagels. Their bagels are huge, which I absolutely love because, who doesnt want more? My boyfriend is a big fan of their lunch options over their breakfast options. Truthfully, the place is great for a quick coffee and a comfy hangout but depending on your taste, the food is a hit or miss. Disclaimer: if the kronuts are magically round and flaky goodness again, i'll be back every single day.
5	Amazing!!! All I can say is fresh. The menu is in the smaller side, which ensures that everything is made fresh everyday. Soups, sandwiches, bread, pastries, breakfast sandwiches, coffee, all awesome. I have tried almost everything on the menu and would order any of it again. Favorite baguette in town and extremely reasonably priced.
4	Haven't tried breakfast yet but their lunch is very good, but it is a small menu. I high recommend the turkey or bbq sandwich or the turkey baguette. The turkey baguette is a little plain with only turkey, real mozzarella and mayo. I'm not a big fan of mayo so I swap it out for coleslaw and it's amazing!
5	Awesome place to just sit and relax with friends and family.  Enjoyed the egg and cheese croissant, it was so delicious. It was crispy on the outside, nice and chewy on the inside with a perfectly cooked egg inside that included just the right amount of cheese. I will be back again!
5	Awesome, relaxing atmosphere. Definitely try the Kronuts they are heavenly. Bagels were some of the best I've had!
5	Literally just sat back down at my desk after lunch at Fourth Ward Bread Co. Screw work, I NEED to review this place stat. Just ate the most amazing chicken salad croissant of my life and the world needs to know!!!!  I've eaten here a few other times and have liked the turkey sandwich and quiches, but this one takes the cake. The chicken salad was smoky (I almost thought maybe there was bacon, but I think it was just smoked chicken) and also a little sweet, dolloped with a few craisins. It was piled onto the most heavenly, buttery croissant. HUGE and DELICIOUS.For lunch, the menu is limited to a few sandwiches and extras - none of them diet food.  If you want lettuce and tomato on your sandwich, or a nice healthy salad, go somewhere else. If you are gluten-free, you are definitely SOL. FWBC's food menu is small, straightforward, and carb-loaded, as the name would suggest.
1	I was so excited after a trip to NYC to learn that there was a place offering a Kronut in Charlotte. The flaky, buttery, layered goodness of a Kronut was in my home town!THIS WAS NOT THE CASE. It was essentially a undercooked croissant, that was somehow dry on the outside, rolled in cinnamon and sugar. Nothing flaky about it. It wasn't even circular! Charlotte is just going to have to wait for another bakery to step up and make a Kronut the way it was intended.
3	Telling your customers they've missed breakfast by 15 minutes works at fast food locations, but stating it at a BAKERY while staring at a pile of croissants and a palette of eggs makes you more pretentious than your uptown clientele.  Food was great the first time, just take note of their hours and get it to go.
5	One of our favorite places for breakfast in Charlotte. The croissant with sausage and egg is as delicious as the pictures you see from all the reviews. The gallette and kronuts are amazing as well. Service is always excellent.
4	I have only been here once and I can already say that I am obsessed and planning my next visit. I have seen a lot of people post photos or talk about going here so I have had it bookmarked for a while. I went on a Sunday morning so it was crazy packed and hard to find a table. I ordered a caramel soy iced coffee and it was delicious. The coffee has notes of floral in it to me but I really enjoyed it. My husband and I also got the egg and cheese breakfast croissant and were fighting the urge to order seconds. The croissant was flaky and buttery and oh so good and the egg inside was cooked to perfection, at least for me! Slightly runny but white was cooked through. The building was beautiful and I could see it being a really good place to work or read when it wasn't so busy. There are a lot of windows so there is good natural light as well. Can't wait to go back.
5	Went there for late breakfast with large family group on a Sunday. Service was fast and efficient.  Kronuts were so good we bought some to take along. Warm cinnamon spirals were incredible. Bacon egg cheese biscuit was fresh and delicious. One of our group got a Dirty Girlscout and pronounced it wonderful.
5	Carbs are healthy in my book, so everything here is good for the body! I was tempted to order one of everything but decided against that level if gluttony on my first visit. I will be back time & time again until I taste everything!
3	OK place. Baked goods are alright (excluding the yucky cronuts). My son said his cinnamon roll was "yuuummmy".Wanted an egg and cheese sandwich but the counter staff wouldn't break the yolk and mix it up. Unless the eggs were already cooked, was this really asking so much?We found this bakery lacking in customer service, plus could not connect to the wifi with my iPhone.
5	One of the best breakfast joints in uptown! A great urban feel with plenty of room for parking cars. It can get quite busy!Best item is the croissant with the egg in the middle
2	To go bagels were hard and chewy, accompanied by a tiny square of cream cheese on the side.
4	We got here in time for lunch and I suspect breakfast is superb. We had the bbq pork platter; it was very good, but just as you would suspect for NC bbq, vinegar based.. This was served with a vinegar and room temp slaw. I liked both, but not the Texas bbq I am used to. We also had the meatball sub which was superb and homemade in every way.The chicken croissant sandwich was homemade. The croissant was amazing, but the chicken salad was with dark and white meat and more savory than sweet. Opposite of my taste for chicken salad, but  I am sure a fan for many. I think this bakery has delicious bread and excellent service. We saw several people leaving with a pizza, so i might try this next time. I highly recommend this for a try, especially if its to just order a fresh homemade croissant.
4	4th Ward Bread Co. is great for a quick bite to eat on the go or a work session with coffee. I love the decor as it's cozy and inviting. I have had a couple breakfast items in the past and I really loved the cheese cream danish. It was really one of the best I've had. I also had a Kronut, which was OK but not all that impressive. They just started selling gelato, which I love. I tried the chocolate gelato yesterday and it was really delicious. I hope that they make it in house... can't be sure, though. I'll be back again when I'm in the area. They have so many delicious pastries left to try!
4	First time here for breakfast. Didn't disappoint. Loved the sausage egg and cheese croissant. What I really came here to try though was the Croughnut, which was light, fluffy, and sweet. It's not going to too my list of favorite breakfast in the city, but anytime I want to just walk up and get some light breakfast quickly, this will be a go to. Their coffee left something to be desired.
5	Parking is available (just not too many spots available) Good amount of tables/ places to eat. Lots of baked goods (tarts, cakes, cookies, brownies, bagels and breads)I ordered a croissant with egg, cheese and sausage baked inside and hazelnut iced coffee. "Sandwich" was a good size, croissant was flaky and fresh and it tasted really good. You put your own cream and sugar in, at the coffee/tea bar. Coffee was very flavorful. Overall a great experience. Will def be going back again soon.
5	After looking at this place for a year, I finally decided to stop in. My brunch was amazing. I had the cronut (a very sweet croissant donut mix) which was pretty good. But then I got the bacon egg and cheese croissant and it was amazing. It was actually a stuffed croissant filled with the the BEC instead of being made like a typical sandwich. The other people in our party had it on sourdough and were envious of the croissant so I would recommend the latter.
3	Visited several times (admittedly most during their startup), and I'm still looking to get wowed.   I have yet to get a great sandwich 'cause to date they have been big on bread and and small on protein (basically microwaved eggs and/or meat).  Yuck.  But I'll keep working on it and hope to brighten my reviews.   So for now a polite 3 stars.
2	what kind of place doesn't allow you to customize your sandwich on the bread that you like? aren't you called a bread company, yet only offer a 3 sandwich options on a specific bread type, then charge you extra if you want lettuce or tomatoes. service from the cashier was terrible, he offered no help and never cracked a smile. sandwich was ok, but when I asked for extra mustard they have me a packet of mustard different than what was used on the sandwich but I was too afraid to ask him anything else or he'd start to get angry. also, they offer no lemons for water or tea even tho they're "ice water" has cut lemons floating in it.weirdest place ever, not worth $10 even though my friends and I had a good laugh about it on the walk home.
3	CLOSED-This place burnt down.
4	CLOSED due to massive fire. Hope they'll be back but it's probably going to be awhile.
4	I've only gotten the chance to visit once before it burned down. I had the chicken salad sandwich on a croissant and an apple tart. Both tasted amazing and of course the bread was really soft and fresh. I would have loved to come here and try more of their menu items!
