4	The largest co-op in town has a great selection of organic groceries and their amazing produce section even carries kumquats when they're in season! I love it! The deli and the vegetarian offerings there can't be beat, and this is also a great place to find vitamin and health supplements, as well as bulk grains, nuts, etc. My only qualm is with the service: the cashiers often give off that Seattle-record-store-clerk vibe of looking down on all who dare enter the checkout lane.
5	The vegan muffins at the Willy Street Co-op are absolutely the greatest achievement in muffin technology of all time.  The megalithic selection of other stuff and a friendly staff would make this my preferred store if I lived in the area.
4	Yay for the AWESOME artichoke pate from the deli! It's always sold out hours before close, so I admit I had my doubts about revealing its awesomeness to an even larger public... but altruism won out. Best paired with the Italian pane loaf from the adjacent bread aisle.
4	My transformation as a Near East-sider is complete: Kate and I purchased a membership at the Co-Op.  I'd held out for quite awhile preferring the bucolic Woodmans to this Madison staple.  However, Kate's desire for fresh produce and my in-born laziness made this a no-brainer.  Being the only grocery store anywhere near downtown (Capitol Center does not count), it's a quick four block walk from my house.  The best produce I've ever seen and a terrific selection of everything else.  And if Hyper-Organic Flax Oil Granola isn't your thing, they also carry Cheerios.  One might think that the staff at such an eco-friendly liberal bastion would scoff at anyone not clearing the high bar of leftist politics, but my experiences have always been positive.Lose a star for a ridiculous parking lot.  But I guess that's to be expected.
4	I go here more than once a week and love it.  It's my go-to grocer.  But its also pretty much the most annoying place to park in Madison.  Except probably Flemings, where I hear they have a valet.
4	A couple of reasons as to why I shop here:Their tuna salad is AWESOME - so full of flavor!I love Fuji apples and they're the tastiest here although quite expensive. :(The organic bananas are SO good - I always stock up on them whenever I shop here.Their pear walnut loaf from the bakery is amazing - I wish I had the recipe.And the co-op reminds me of home sweet home...I'm excited that they're openning up another co-op in 2008!
2	I'm sorry to break everyone's heart, but I don't like this place. I'm a member since last summer, and everytime I go there, I feel ripped off. The only pro is that they carry local products which I will happily buy.  But being on graduate student's budget, it's not always easy to buy the fine organic or local or hormone-free products. I resort to Trader Joe's and even Whole Foods. I'm bit disappointed on their produce qualities, too.  And yeah, sometimes, I miss having butcher and fresh meat.
4	I'm no hippie, but I like this place.  Both Madison boosterism and anti-boosterism kind of annoy me, but I will tell you that there is not a grocery store in Chicago that compares to this one.  I can maybe hit a combo of neighborhood produce marts, a far off suburban Trader Joes, Jewel, and Food4Less and cobble together what you could at Willy St--but I'd waste a lot of gas, and I would pay about the same price (or hell, i guess i could just sign over my checking account to Whole Paycheck).  Food is expensive all over these days, and I know I'd much rather give my food dollar to someone local and community-informed and active.  Not your thing, fine.  And I had no problem tackling the parking lot.Be glad places like this still exist before your highrise building boom chokes out Madison's uniqueness.I could eat my weight in their yogurt and chocolate covered pretzels.
4	Awesome organic, natural products! They have a great variety of products considering the store isn't that large. I appreciate the use of local produce, etc. It's all a bit expensive, but that's to be expected.
5	Even if you are trying NOT to like the co-op(like some other Yelpers) it's impossible not to appreciate this place!Lovely produce, great bulk section, bountiful organics, and a deli that can kick any grocer's arse.It's really worth it to get a membership(which I think is reasonably priced), if you are going to shop there more than a few times a year,
5	Because I only come here when I am passing through the Madison area, I cannot comment on the produce. But!Yay for alternative diets and local foods and bulk options and community and Just Coffee! Sometimes the prices are on par with Whole Foods, sometimes they are lower. All in all, I love you, Willy St. Co-op!
3	Great products of course, and has the best smoothies in all of Madison! The smoothies are expensive, but worth it. Try the Green Machine or Breakfast of Champions.The coop is staffed by and attracts a crowd of intense hippies. . If you can, bring your own bags or you will get a funny look!
5	Best grocery store ever. How I miss the Willy St. Coop! They stay true to their goals of obtaining and selling fresh, local, organic produce while maintaining their commitment to the environment.. They are also an invaluable resource for items pertaining to holistic health. Willy St. carries a broad assortment of delicious grocery items, and for an organic place, they keep their prices as low as they can. Best of all, due to the fact that it is a cooperative, based on peoples requests, they truly take peoples suggestions to mind when they are deciding which products to carry and what direction to lead the store in.Not to knock Whole Foods since in Chicago thats the best I can get, but the Willy St. Coop puts it to shame.. Making a pilgrimage there today is on my list of things to do.
4	The best grocery store I've ever been in!It was packed full of fresh, organic, local products. The produce looked (and tasted!) amazing. The vegetarian and vegan options were plentiful, and the service we got was friendly and helpful. This place would have been a 5 star, except they added a 10% charge because we weren't members, AND they don't sell wine :-(Other than that - what a place!
4	I stand by my review of a year ago.  The people watching is intense, btw.  I wish there was a place like this in Chicago.Let's move (back, for me at least) to Madison, people.  We can be roommates; wacky hijinks will ensue.
3	Yeah, I know.FRESH, FRESH, FRESH - LOCAL, LOCAL, LOCAL - WILLY, WILLY WILLY.Ma duke's lives up the street from the Co-Op; so after dropping off some stuff @ her place I remembered that I need french bread and a 1/2 gallon of 2% milk myself.So, I stroll in and walk around to see what there is to see as I haven't been here in a minute.  I locate my desired goods plus a bottle of pear sparkling wine and I check out.  She asks if I'm a member, I say, "no, actually just stopped in as my Mother lives in the area."She gives me the total, I give her the cash.  I receive my change.  ...and a look.  I look at my 3 items and then I look at her.  She looks at the 3 items and then she looks at me."Oh do you need a bag?""uuhh, YES.  Please..."She 'rummages' behind her and pulls out a Trader Joe's bag.  Looks good to me; bag it up.------Look Lady...  I know I'm not a member.  I didn't ride my bike here, I drove and gawd forbid I did NOT bring in my own cloth/reusable grocery sac...  I made a pit stop into your place of business b/c it was close and my Mother comes here.Give a Dame a break, smile and who knows, you may get one of 'my kind' in there again.
4	All the hippies, hipsters, yuppies, activists, and otherwise socially (or animal-ly) conscious or self-righteous shop here who can afford it.  I'm kind of kidding.  But, it's my neighborhood grocery store and I kind of love it anyway.  Love it because it does make me feel like I'm doing something good by spending locally, I get really good, high quality stuff here, etc.  What I don't like about it is that they DON'T have anything run of the mill - everything is part of the niche organic or local market and priced up accordingly.  Where is my liverwurst?  That's what I want to know!  I also hate the expensive-ness and therefore exclusiveness of the place, but it's so close to me and I value my time over my money that I always come here anyway.Anyway, I'm probably going to heaven just because I shop here, so I should stop complaining so much.
4	This is a great, full-size co-op with a wide variety of vegan staples. But when I evaluate a co-op, I look more at the fresh, daily vegan offerings they have and William Street didn't let me down.They have at least four or five different vegan baked goods daily, all of which attracted numerous people (at least when I was there). Some options included brownies, cakes and cookies. I had a "grasshopper brownie" ($1.45 for a decent-sized chunk) which was moist and rich, though with a slight metallic aftertaste from the mint frosting. I'd still get another, though, as I love the chocolate-mint combination.The juice bar has OatsCreme softserve, malts, shakes and smoothies, and offers a variety of unusual tea- and coffee-based drinks with the option for soy, rice, almond or hemp milk. I had a 12 oz. apple chai with almond milk ($3.50) that was flavorful, though it could have used more milk for some extra creaminess.The deli section has some simple tofu sandwich options, including cajun baked tofu, or fried tofu; there were also some cold curry-style tofu and tempeh dishes available by the pound.Lastly, I just liked the vibe of this place. It was full of hippies, ex-hippies, families, and smart consumers. If I lived in Madison, Williamson Street Co-op would definitely be a major part of my life.
3	Man... everyone RAVES about this place. The folks who worked there were nice enough... but otherwise it sort of struck me as a hybrid between Whole Foods, Trader Joe's, and Costco, but smaller and a bit dirtier. Membership? Really? I guess I don't get the whole coop thing... nor do I get the buzz about it. Finally, the sushi was kinda gross... I'm not kidding, but then again, I should have known better. In closing, I'm not a huge fan of Whole Foods, I like Trader Joe's for the sampling table and the free balloons - and sometimes their frozen stuff, and I don't deal with Costco because I don't want to belong to any club that will accept me as a member (or that I have to pay for?!)
4	Update:  I changed my rating from three to four stars, because in the time since I wrote this review, a couple of the issues I mentioned have been improved.  The bakery section is now more consistently stocked, and the deli selection is also more predictable.  The front-end clerks who used to yell back and forth to each other while ignoring customers seem to have moved on, making way for people who concentrate on their job and the customer in front of them.* * * * * * * * *I shop here all the time, and it's mostly good.  They try so hard, they're so community-minded, and there's a lot of good food here.  The place is SO politically correct it makes practically everyone feel guilty, if not looked down upon.  For a cheap thrill, I like to walk in and buy a pound of white sugar. Anyway, three favorite things:1.  Produce:  very good quality and pretty good selection.  No strawberries that taste like styrofoam, ever.2.  Sales:  Overall this is a pricey store, but when things go on sale you can get some very good deals.3.  Bulk goods:  There are some good deals here, too, though they keep reducing the selection of certain items to make room for yet another flavor of granola or candy.Three least favorite things:1.  Unpredictability:  Maybe there's some way to plan your life around their deli and bakery schedules in order to get the stuff you want, but I haven't found it.  Why are there near-empty bakery racks at nine in the morning? 2.  Rude staff:  Not all of them, but enough.  And boy, does it irk me to have front end clerks ignore me while yakking over my head about their weekend plans.  Sometimes I get a straight answer to questions, but other times I get the run-around.3.  The prices:  Very few people could afford to do all their shopping at a place like this, and I try to train myself to only buy certain things.  Still, the final total can come as a shock.
4	Glad they've got bulk foods and local produce, but as to be expected with co-ops it is a bit pricey.  All the community resources are great though and I'm excited to have it so nearby.
2	I can't afford to be politically correct enough to shop here.   The crap is all overpriced nonsense anyway.  When a store makes Whole Foods look cheap, something isn't right.If you want local produce people, go to the farmers market.  What is the sense in paying so much more for produce that isn't much of a cut above any of the large grocery stores?As for people watching, I don't find it at all interesting to watch pretentious college kids and bourgeoisie hippy-wannabes shop for food.
5	This is the single best store in Madison for organic produce. They have anything you could (reasonably) want. The people working there are very friendly and helpful. All of the prepared foods I've tried (with the exception of a weird broccoli-raisin-cheese salad) have been great. They have great hummus and nice sushi. I wish they sold beer and wine, but they have everything else.
4	I love reading the previous reviews. As a nearly nine-month resident of "the neighborhood," I have felt both disgust and deep love for the Co-op. On move-in day 2009 I was nine months pregnant, sweaty and needed some ready-to-eat food for myself, my husband and our moving-in-helpers. I did not have a canvas bag on me and I was not a member. I got a very strange look from the cashier and felt, overall, substantially unwelcome. Then, we got home and ate some very unsatisfactory prepared salads with half-raw rice in them. Huh. HOWEVER, I've since changed my tune about the co-op. No, I don't buy their expensive toilet paper or their prepared salads, or all of my groceries there. However, their organic produce section is really great. They always have sale items and to me it *is* worth it to spend a little more to eat organic, and, at times, locally, especially in the winter when there is no farmer's market. Also it is convenient. I like the excuse to take my baby for a short walk to pick up a few items a couple times a week. They also have a very good bulk dry goods and bulk tea section. Also, while one of their cashiers is a true douche-bag, the rest are really nice, regardless of whether or not you have your own bags.And about those bags, although it may seem obnoxious, the fear, or just discomfort of getting one of those looks motivates me to almost never forget my canvas bags anymore. And that's good for the environment, right?
3	I'd like to get into more detail about the highlights of the Willy Street Co-op, but I've been stuck in their parking lot from hell since last Wednesday.  At least 6 parking spaces are designated for some other mysterious business's customers and signs are posted threatening towage.  The other ten spaces are already filled up with hippies in campers who've been living in those same parking spaces since 1965.  I'm not the only dum dum driving around this teeny tiny parking lot either.  There are lots of other tools in their cars pretending to be peaceful, earth huggin' liberals, when what we really want to do is start ramming our cars into each other like the demolition derby and cussing angrily.  My driving skills have inadvertently been taken to a whole new level now that I am having to do 8 and 9 point turns just to move a few feet.  Unfortunately, my intelligence level has plummeted.  So if you're thinking of saying something witty to me like "ride your bike or walk there," consider that there is nothing more dangerous than an angry, stupid person!
5	After reading the notions, ins and outs of a co-op grocery store, I'm sold. My husband and I agreed that we'd be members of this amazing grocery store if we lived in Madison. Yes, it's a bit more expensive than Trader Joe's, but it also offers an outstanding variety of local produce, baked goods, meats, sauces, drinks, sweets and other food items. I had a vegan chocolate cupcake with a gooey chocolate ganache that made me radiate stars, hearts and little birds of happiness. It was that good. We bought a fair amount of food that will last us throughout the week. Worth checking out if you're a foodie.
4	i'm irrevocably in love with this place.
4	Cool place to walk around.  I recommend going here to pick up items for a picnic and take it to the lake for an afternoon.
5	I'm a longtime member/owner. This place is worth getting hooked on just for their monthly newspaper, and who can say that anymore? Helpful staff, amazing bounty for the space they have (which is pretty good but of course not a warehouse) and located next to lots of other cool shops. Willy Coop, I have always loved you. And for those who complain about the parking, well, is the co-op really about the car culture? The times I've used the parking lot have been anything from ok to practicing breathing exercises while waiting to exit. There's always parking on the street and walking as an option. Or biking. Or bus.
4	After spending a day in Madison, I started making a mental pros/cons list about why boyfriend should apply to UW Madison for law school.  This is one of those pros.  This store has so many goodies some of  which are reasonably priced, others of which are not.  Sweet and Sara vegan marshmallows were more expensive than at Whole Foods in Chicago, but other things like the eggs were cheaper than at the co-op I usually go to.  They carry Upton's seitan which is a fave of mine, and a ton of great quality produce.  If I lived here, I'd become a member, b/c quite frankly, you really have to to shop here.  10% upcharge for non members.  Harrumpf.
5	After stocking up on local goods (Nessalla kombucha!!), I broke down and became a member. Yep. Did it. Wily Street Co-Op was a trip. I really enjoy stopping here any time I come to Madison. Now I can slap that eggplant sticker on my car with pride next to the one that reads, " My other car is a bicycle." Yep.
4	I've been a member for about 10 years. I can't afford to do major shopping here - buying fresh and local and quality and organic etc really adds up (though their specials are pretty good). But I do stop by about once a month to check the discount produce bins (always worth a look!) and stock up on bulk staples like spices and beans and grains, which are a serious bargain with huge variety available. I also like the deli for a quick, cheap, healthy lunch, and their wellness section is second only to Community Pharmacy. I appreciate that they choose the items they sell very carefully, taking things like sustainability and fair trade into account. Unlike some other reviewers I've never felt looked down upon for getting there by car, buying conventional produce, not bringing a tote bag, or otherwise not being hippie enough. Perhaps you encountered the odd surly employee, or maybe you're just projecting your own feelings about shopping there?Besides the prices, the cons for me are the location (very inconvenient to get to for those of us not on the near east side and not on a bus line), and the parking lot is awful. It's cramped, always full, you take your life into your hands pulling out semi-blind into Willy St. traffic (and you're likely to bottom out your car on the way down the ramp). I never use it anymore, but park on Jenifer St. and walk in from the back.
2	I know that I'm supposed to like this place, as it's loved on the east side, but it really doesn't excite me too much.  It's never too clean, and I don't ever feel that I'm getting a great shopping experience for the extra premium in price.  They've got good stuff, but so does Brennans, Whole Foods, and Jennifer Street Market.  Maybe I'm just not cool enough to shop there?
4	I'm proud to be a member of Willy St Co-op.I'm not a huge organic person, which means that generally I will go to regular grocery stores to do my shopping, because I don't want to pay the markup for organic. I do hit up willy st about once a month (I travel a lot).I love Willy St for their:* produce (expensive, but local, high quality)* bulk section (giant cous cous, fair prices)* juice bar (just found out about this gem)* dairy/eggs (great local section)I think the meat department could use a little enhancing, but there are a lot of vegetarians that shop here.
4	Call me a flip-floper or whatever - I"m doing a major 180 shift. I started dating a guy who is a vegetarian, and eats organic food almost exclusively. In two years since we started to living together, I'm now a de-facto vegetarian, and yes, I eat local organic food whenever possible. Does it come cheap? No, more like N.O. I don't really like looking at my grocery receipt. But I guess it's within reasons, and I do like supporting local farmers and manufactures. I can't end the post without giving shout-out to those people who come up with the Deli item recipes. They're incredibly delicious! Thank you. While the shop doesn't have everything in the world, I think it does a great job in selecting products and radiating positive energies in the community.
5	This is the best natural foods grocery co-op I have ever shopped at.  Yes, organic/natural food costs more in general, but you will not find it cheaper than at the Willy Street Co-op.  Even a place like Woodmans doesn't come close when you compare identical items - standard things like Kashi cereal, Organic Valley soymilk, Annie's salad dressings, etc.  The selection is excellent, and in my opinion you could easily do ALL of your grocery shopping here, especially if you specifically want to buy organic/local for most of your purchases.  If you don't care about your food being organic and/or local, then yes, you can save money shopping somewhere else.  Go to Woodmans if you want a bag of pesticide-coated carrots grown 3,000 miles away for $1.  But I don't think it is right to give the Willy Street Co-op a bad rating for being good at what they set out to do, which is to sell organic, natural, and local products at a reasonable price.
4	To make a long story short, my husband and I were camped out in the parking lot of the liquor store next door for about 8 hours, waiting in line for tickets to a craft beer festival. During that time we visited the co-op many times when natured called and for food. I'm sure the employees and regular shoppers were not happy with us hogging the restrooms, but they didn't show it if they were. The prices seemed reasonable, and they had a great selection of groceries. If I lived in the area, I'm sure I would be a regular.
5	I don't have a ton to say, except that this co-op greatly exceeded my expectations.  I had been expecting high prices, but what I found was reasonable, and comparable to grocery stores I've been to.  The fresh-prepared foods looked amazing, and the cream cheese and vegetables I got were fantastic.Also, I love buying local stuff, and there is a ton of that here.  Became an owner on my first trip.EDIT: Also, I REALLY want to stress how not pretentious / not intimidating this place was.  I've been to co-ops where people sneer at you for having bags with a grocery store logo, and there was none of this here.
5	Pricing is fair, produce is great and soooooooo much to choose from. Oh and the milk.... mmmmmm the non homogenized milk... The fish omfg this place is so much better then "Whole Foods". If you like this kind of stuff don't for get about the farmers market.
5	woot woot!  this place sold me on coops.  Mostly because of hte bulk food section.  Really if you go here every few months for dry foods, you'll save a bunch, eat more organic, and basically be happy.  The other products are a little expensive, but that's cuz they're super delicious & high organic quality.  Join or be less happy than those who did!
4	- Kombucha: yum. - Bulk food aisle: good variety, and they have carob chips (try them, they're like not-as-bad-for-you chocolate chips).- Samples: yesss.- Salad bar/prepared foods: delicious. Also: little ends of various cheeses, so you can get a variety for about $0.75 each, and caramels in the checkout line (the sea salt caramels are decadent).  Yes, they're expensive.
5	Nice juice bar and good selection of bulk granolas and dry goods.  Nice dog patio outside. Local kombucha and mostly organic produce. Not sure where else I would rather shop in Madison for groceries
5	One of my favorite places to buy groceries. I am so happy that our second home (Madison) has this great co-op along with Whole Foods and Trader Joes. As a vegan, I love having real options. I especially love the cookies.
5	My favorite from home. I love this co-op for so many reasons. Great dairy. Just Coffee. An awesome selection of health and beauty goods. When my tummy is grumbling I can usually find satisfaction with a roasted red pepper deli sandwich, tofu sandwich, or a chocolate chip granola bar fresh from the bakery. And even if the front rack is full there's always room to park my bike at the back lot.
5	A good place for Organic food, Juice bar, and nice salad bar.  I'm a lifetime member!
2	...just passing through town and had to barter one of my kids (they didn't like our old dog) to afford the groceries at this place. They had summer sausage for $12.40 + and the coffee and pastries were over $3.00 each, as well. Not a member, so had to pay 5% more on top of the over priced stuff. This is a place not for the working masses. The irony is, mega Corps like Starbucks are cheaper for us working folk. ;(
3	I've lived in Madison for a while, and I'm back again. I remember when Willy was in the crowded little space on the corner. And I loved the new store, and rooted for the coop as the new place came around.And now, what I have to say is: it's not even as good as Whole Foods. Prices are jumping, and literally the only thing I still like are the juices (orangecarrotginger and beetapplelemon please!) and the granola bars. For the rest: save your money and go somewhere else. note: they need better lighting in the produce section.
5	You get what you pay for!!!!.......And I have no problem paying for great food!Stopped by on our way to Wisconsin Dells for some basic camping food; Sturgeon, White Shrimp, cheese! Such a great place! Shame its far away from me!Everything there was beautifully set up and the produce looked marvelous. Very friendly people working there.This place is worth every penny! Sturgeon($17.99/lb) was awesome, white shrimp($16.99/lb) fantastic, great Quinoa salad, unreal cheeses......My advice, don't go here if you're used to your local bargain sub par grocer......You obviously don't know great food, and will walk away with the old Whole Foods bash-phrase; More like Whole Paycheck.......I'm sure if I was a regular here I could find some things to nit-pick. No offense to Madison and/or Wisconsin....I was shocked to find THIS quality north of Chicago! Guess I assumed Wisconsin was all about Brats/Beer/Cheese.....Never thought I would buy 1 of the best pieces of fish I've had from Wisconsin. That being said, to out-of-towners; Expect the unexpected from Madison.....Its very NON-Wisconsin from my experience.
5	I've been shopping at the Co-Op for almost as long as I've been living in Wisconsin (8 years).  I LOVE shopping there!  I know many of the cashiers, deli people, fish people, produce people by name and it that gives me a "family" feeling when I shop there.   I've even recommended that several of my friends apply for a job there, and they did and got hired!  I'd love to work their myself if I had the time.   The produce is always fresh and the variety is amazing.  The fish department never disappoints and because I'm gluten and diary free I know that I can get all the food I need there, no problem!   I like that they carry their own brand of vitamins and supplements at good prices and are good quality.   I love the bulk isle especially with the new improvements - great deals too and the loose teas and herbs!  I highly recommend that anyone who wants to eat healthy, local and organic should go there!  The membership discount is way worth it!
1	Charges for not being a member.  Never again.
5	Well this is awkward (and mildly embarrassing). How is it I have yet to write a review for a place I spend copious amounts of cash and mmmm maybe 3 days a week? I'm not far, but even if I were, I'd make the drive, because there are some bomb things that really get me going about the place. Ownership. Yeah, I own that shiz. I mean me and 100,000 other people in town, but still. I know that if I leave a comment, if I tell a clerk something, (if I write a review... meta) my feedback is taken into consideration. Produce. It's great. It's expensive. But it's great. It's local and it's great. It's primarily organic and great. It's just great. Salad Bar. I heart you. So often I find myself running between meetings, wanting a quick nosh, not wanting to sit down anywhere so I box up some goods and take it to go. There are always interesting (and healthy) salads and sides and you can easily drop $20 packing goods into cardboard. Coffee. YEAH YOU READ THAT RIGHT. Ignore the sweets if you have no self control (raises his hand) and keep walking towards the back corner of the store. They have an amazing cold press that keeps me going and going and going and going and I'm not sure why it took me so long to get one. Community. There are oodles of events and resources to help you connect on a deeper level. Look around. Read stuff. Ask how you can be involved. I've lived a few places and done the co-op thang in each, and nothing tops the experiences I've had on Willy.
4	I love the Co-op! My sister works here (go see Rita in the juice bar for a delicious treat while shopping) so she has helped me navigate the store with ease.  I don't shop here for everything because it's true, it's expensive but I love to get my fresh fruits and veggies, dairy and sometimes meat.  The staff is helpful and the store is clean.  I have been turned on to ginger shots (pure ginger, try it!) and I love the Green Zinger from the juice bar! First Wednesday of the month is Wellness Wednesday and all owners (members) receive an additional 10% off all of their health products! So great! Yes, there is an additional charge on purchases if you're a non member but it is clearly stated and the benefits of being an owner far outweigh the small fee to join!Try it, you'll like it
5	Love love love this place from the house made juices (ginger/parsley/lime OJ, beet & fruit juice, etc.) to the vegan bakery (so moist and fluffy you'd swear it employed the heaviest cream and steroidal eggs) to the natural toiletries to the amazing cold food bar. Health, environmental sustainability, and great products were never easier to procure! Can't say how much I appreciate homegrown places like this in which to empty my wallet and fill my gullet.
4	Hmmmm... Why haven't I written a review for a business (probably the only place) that I go to at leeeeast 3 days a week? Shameful. Anyway, I love this store! Sure it's pricey, but you get what you pay for: excellent produce, meat and groceries. Yes, you need to be a member (or pay a surcharge)  but it costs 75 bucks and you're in for life...LIFE.* The patronage refunds are sure to make up for that cost in the near future - one of the many perks of membership. My current crush is their bulk section. Almost anything bulk good you need, you can get it there.  If it's not there, just ask...they might be able to order it. I've been doing a ton of sourdough baking lately and I can always find the flour and other things I need. The bulk goods turn over fast, so everything is fresh - especially the spices.  Love their cheese too, but it doesn't love me...that doesn't mean I don't walk by there every time and ogle their selection. Don't get me started on their cheese orphans: leftovers from the cuttings that allow you to try some great cheeses for not a lotta dough. I also highly recommend the tasting and classes. I've only been to a couple, but they've been very informative *or $10/year
2	it's ok. If there are particular items one is looking for this is convenient. A lot of the products are very pricey, though, and i can purchase most of the vegetarian or foreign items from other places for cheaper. If you love granola...they work here. I understand the hippy vibe and i dont care what people are into but people dealing with food should at least look like they've showered in the last week. Hygiene aside, none of the people working there have ever been friendly or rude, very in their own cliques.
5	How could anyone give this co-op less than five stars? They are pretty standard in terms of vibe and products compared to other co-ops throughout the country, but they have other co-ops beat in terms of size, prepared food section, seating, and they have some great sale items! Also they honor other co-op memberships which is pretty cool considering I am just passing through. I appreciate how there's always someone out front either playing music or tabling for something. My only complaint is the parking, which is too limited for the amount of business they do, but street parking isn't too hard. I love it here, I'll take any excuse to stop by!
5	Hippy, hipster grocer with delicious hot food and awesome staff!I think that the Co-ops in Milwaukee should look to Willy as a model. This place has got it all! I was especially impressed by their large selection of bulk items (even lotions!). Go there now!
5	AMAZING! So many great vegan friendly options. Their bakery had tons of cupcakes, pastries, raw cheesecakes, cookies, muffins, etc.... They sell all the traditional health foods with tons of bulk bins. Try the dark chocolate covered ginger or curry chocolate cashews! The produce is quite pricey, but all organic. You have to pay 5% if you aren't a member. (I'm not as I was visiting.)
4	Although Willy Street Coop is on the pricier side of grocery stores, it does boast a large variety of local, organic, and sustainable products. I would say about 40% of their produce is local, and certainly all of it is organic. They also have a bakery featuring vegan and gluten-free items, bread from Batch Bakery and Madison Sourdough as well as other national brands, a deli counter where you can also get sandwiches made on the spot, a salad bar, and fresh seafood. Not to mention a large selection of cheese. Willy Street Co-op also participates in Bike Benefits; if you bring in your bike helmet with the Bike Benefits sticker on it you can get 5% off your total, Monday - Friday. If you don't have a Bike Benefits sticker, you can purchase one at the customer service desk for $5. In addition, if you are receiving any government aid (including FoodShare and Medicare), you can sign up for an Access membership at their customer service desk. The membership is free and lasts for a year and you get 10% off your purchase automatically. What I like most about Willy Street Coop is their "can-do" attitude. From reading the Customer Comments section in their newsletter, Willy Street Coop takes time to address any concerns their customers have, however trivial. That's how you know they care.
3	I am a member, and I like the store, the idea of buying local quality food, but you can't really shop here for most of your groceries.  The prices are quit a bit more than even whole foods.  You can find some interesting items, and the selection is pretty good for a coop.  They have a lot of bulk items than you can't find in a lot of other places;I like getting loose leaf tea in bulk.  Sometimes the self righteous attitude at the place is a little annoying/comical(not necessary from the workers who are usually friendly).
5	Best. Co-op. Evahhhhhh!I've been a member at Willy for three years and expect my steamy, passionate love for Da 'Op (not a thing?) to only bourgeon with time. Amazing produce (check the discount produce bins! No don't, leave it all for me! So many good deals on organic fruits and veggies), great bakery, locally sourced/organic, wide wide selection of vegan/gluten free/younameit dietary restriction products. Being in the bulk aisle is like therapy for me. But usually less than 9.99/lb.Be sure to check out the salad bar and hot bar for specials (Southern Fried Tofu can I get an amen?).
3	Ok, so I have never been to a Co-Op before.  No one greets you, though there is someone at the desk, to tell you that you have to become a member.  The options are great.  The aisles are TINY.  I like that there are many special diet options.  I do not like that some of the name brand items are cheaper at a regular grocery store.  How is that logical?  I wish the bakery was organized a little more.  It is so overwhelming as a new person to try to figure out where everything is located.  I love the fresh aisle with nuts, couscous, grains.  However, I did not see a scale.  How do I know how much I am buying?  There is a great variety and I kind of wish I had gone on any day but Sunday.  I wanted to check out more of the products and the specialty items.  I will be back for sure, but next time I may try a Tuesday afternoon.
5	Love love love my coop. Great produce and they provide my weekly fix for red curry tofu. Yum.
3	My first time at the Co-op, only AFTER I'd already moved away from Madison. For some reason, even with all the hype, I'd never really felt the desire to shop here.It is quite a bit smaller than I expected, but it is packed with all of the organic/local produce, dried goods, prepared foods, and pastries that you could ever really want.The products are in the same price range as Whole Foods and Trader Joe's, but the range of produce is neither as fresh nor as wide as Whole Foods'. On a cursory glance, I think you could probably get most of this stuff elsewhere for much cheaper. Yes, you'd probably have to be a little more careful about screening your produce. Yes, you'd probably have to look harder for the organic selection. But that is a lot of money saved.I like that they carry a lot of cutesy accessories made by local businesses/artists though, and I had a dandy time perusing their collection of mason jars and mason jar accessories! (I bought myself a 'Cuppow' lid that I'd been eyeing for thheee longest time but had always thought was too expensive..it was 50 or 60 cents cheaper here than online! SO STOKED!)Otherwise, I'm not a fan of the 5% non-member surcharge. I've been to plenty of other co-ops like this one that do just fine without having to charge their non-members. Meh. I'll just consider it my one-time fee for the 'Willy Street Co-op experience' cuz I probably won't be back.
4	This place is pretty special and there is nothing better than walking through the isles discovering fun new foods/products you didn't know about.   Even though it is insanely expensive (yesterday I spent $1 on a single Roma tomato), I love it!   I do have be selective about my purchases-I typically only pick up meat, cheese and local products I can't find anywhere else.  Oh, and when I need a sweet treat while at work, I head over to Willy St. because they have some AMAZING desserts!   Most importantly, this place is so very Madison-i.e. a woman by the entrance with a banjo playing "Bobby Magee," overheard conversations about a past life on a commune, etc.  Doesn't get much better than this folks!
5	We are so lucky to have this gem in our neighborhood. For groceries, smoothies, lunch- and as an employer.
4	Really enjoyed shopping here. Nice selections throughout most of the store. I was surprised that the coffee section didn't have more variety and better assortment of local roasters or very well respected roasters. Saw some Kickapoo and "Just Coffee", but not a lot of others. Fair amount of gluten free and vegan products. Overall, a nice store. The best Co-op EVER is in San Francisco. Rainbow Grocery.So, I cannot give 5 stars. Just can't.
3	I've been to the west side location hundreds of times; for some reason, even though I live within a few blocks of this location, I don't visit as often as I do the west side store.+ It's the original Willy Street location+ Friendly cashiers/staff+ Decent seafood counter+ Typical Willy Street Coop offerings; good bulk foods, good herbal/health items- Parking lot is always full- The produce is soooo pricey; for example, Brussels Sprouts are $8.69/lb. I can get a bagful from Jenny St Market for less than half that price.- They don't sell beer here; West Side location does
4	We became members of Willy Street Coop yesterday. Their produce department is great with a wide assortment. We have only shopped at the East side location. We wish the parking lot was larger and they had more parking. Staff is super friendly and helpful. Looking forward to shopping here again. :)Hoping they move into Sun Prairie...that would be fabulous!!
5	My favorite grocer! I always depend on Willy St whether um on the east side or middleton. They're values, and selection are amazing and they never dissapoint. They're clean and welcoming! I'll always love them!
5	The produce is fantastic, the bakery is full of everything, including gluten free.  On top of local, organic and fair trade- they have a hot bar, cold bar, make burgers and sandwiches to order and....coffee drinks!  You must check this all out.  I keep going in and finding more new things to try.
5	I never thought I'd be so happy in a grocery store. I finally figured it out. There are no parents shouting at their children as the little rats whimper for soda and candy. Instead, it's a bunch of neo-hippie types reminding their tots not to be are "inappropriate," and not to fret because they will have roasted organic Brussels  sprouts as soon as they get home. These are my people.Yes, the parking lot is small and busy. YOU ARE IN A CITY. There is ample street parking. Things are a bit pricier than at some other stores. If you want cheap food, go to Woodman's, where they don't pay a living wage or offer decent health insurance, the produce is half-rotten by the time you get it home, and there's a heroin bust in the parking lot every three days.Willy Street is great for all the healthy yumyums you desire. Tofu and tempeh are cheaper here than anywhere else. The bulk aisle will blow your mind. The staff actually know what they are talking about, and are always helpful. The Wellness aisle is amazingly well-stocked.I can't afford to buy all my produce here. So I buy everything that is cheaper here than elsewhere or that I can't find elsewhere, and get the rest at Costco or Copps. Both if those places have enough obnoxious people to send me right back into the welcoming, patchouli-scented arms of Willy Street.
4	I've been a member of the co-op for many years. I find it to be a warm and welcoming place, with great deals on local and organic produce. Fresh, attractively displayed, and as a member, I can get a smaller quantity (say a half head of cauliflower, or whatever) if I like, just by asking. I usually buy just what's on special, and it's very affordable when you do that. The near east side location is great for me.The store is changing quite a bit with the remodel, and a lot of my favorite things are not in stock at the moment, the only reason I'm not giving it five stars currently. I'm looking forward to finding most everything I need again when the remodel is completed. It's going to be very nice in there, and it's already so much more spacious. The expanded meat counter will be a great thing, allowing for customizable purchases. Two chicken drumsticks and one skinless boneless breast? No problem! At least that's my understanding of what will be possible. Time will tell.
5	I love the headiness of this place.  It's fantastically crunchy.  Just go and enjoy.  Bagels are amazing.
4	Pretty good selection, nice community involvement, lacking a few things from other co-ops I've been a part of. Would love to have signage denoting how local is local (150 miles or less?) and a way to get some worms for composting. Parking is limited but the place is land-locked so I guess I'll just park along the street as many metropolitan grocery stores go. As for price, uhm... I feel like people ought to realize the real cost of food. To be local and sustainable, it requires more work, more care, and to be grown on land that is worth a lot when it could be housing or retail or large-scale farms. It gives you a way to get produce when farmer's markets aren't on the streets during the summer. The way the cookie crumbles.
3	This co-op survives because people want it to survive and thrive. It is a great concept. It provides jobs to people and gives back to the community. So does Wal-Mart, Costco, and just about every other place too. I gave it three stars because it serves it's purpose. However, I was turned off by the radical leftist- in your face - views by the patrons and the employees look like they just got done protesting at an Occupy Wall Street event before their shift. One of the associates had hair under her armpits and that was just plain disturbing. The prepared foods section had dishes to satisfy both vegetarians and non vegetarians. Seven dollars for a box of cheerios was also disturbing too.
4	Just an update to say that the remodeled store is really coming together nicely. Spacious and it looks great. I had a minor panic attack when I thought they were no longer carrying the delicious sea salt caramels that were always available at the check out. I asked, and found that they've been moved to the bulk aisle. WHEW, Willy, don't scare me like that!                                     ------I had a weird interaction with an employee yesterday. I hung around the dairy aisle for a good while and waited for someone to appear who could answer a question. When no one did, I caught the eye of a meat counter employee who wasn't busy, hoping he could summon someone by paging. The dude literally shouted I'M WASHING MY HANDS RIGHT NOW. I'LL BE WITH YOU IN A MINUTE.k....He came over, within two feet of me, and continued shouting CAN I HELP YOU?Yes, thanks, I was just wondering if you have...I'M SORRY BUT I CAN'T HEAR A WORD YOU'RE SAYING, YOU'RE GOING TO HAVE TO SPEAK UP.(The store was largely empty, and quiet.)Ok...um, I was wondering if you have any gallons of Organic Sassy Cow Whole Milk in back, the shelf space for it is empty...MA'AM, I DON'T WORK IN THE DAIRY DEPARTMENT, I WORK AT THE MEAT COUNTER. I WILL HAVE TO PAGE SOMEONE WHO WORKS IN DAIRY TO HELP YOU.(Hey, great idea!) He walked back to the meat counter, and gave the quietest, most whispery page ever. Dude should have just forgot the phone and kept shouting.So yeah.
4	People here are so nice. It's a small store but packed with so much quality products. Though they don't have a wide variety of one product, they have lots to offer for health conscious buyers.
3	nice products but just can't afford their prices so I don't shop there anymore.
5	Hands down the best grocery store in Madison. This grocery cooperative takes pride in knowing that they provide residents with the freshest produce, a multitude of locally sourced and organic products, and with a staff that believes in their company. The ownership fees are reasonable. Starting at $10/yr for individuals or $15/yr for a household, or even more affordable for those with lower incomes. Since the renovation, the east location now has a hot bar and a new and improved community center/ children's area (featuring a huge chalkboard). Once you step in, you won't be disappointed and you'll realize that you don't want to shop for your food anywhere else!
5	I love the coop. It's of course more expensive than a conventional grocery store, but in addition to local and organic food, they also just have really high quality and delicious stuff. People are happy shopping here, and it's a nice experience. I don't always shop here due to the price, but when I do I feel good about where my money is going. And it's often cheaper than other stores for the same branded items, since the coop's mission isn't to maximize profit.
