5	Tried this place for the first time last week and we were VERY happy with everything we tried.We ordered egg fried rice, veggie egg foo young, shiu mai, chicken noodle soup, won ton soup and pepper steak.  Seriously, everything was really very good!  The soups especially were a great surprise....all the noodles were the homemade long egg noodles.  Yummo!  As the previous reviewer stated, the service does take a little longer than your normal take out place, but it's well worth the wait.  The service is outstanding and everyone was very friendly.  I highly recommend Jasmine Express!!!
5	You know you've ordered from a place too many times when you walk through the door and the owner shouts your name and address.But we can't help it. My husband and I love Jasmine Express. The chicken wings are crispy and served on a bed of shredded cabbage and sliced Serrano peppers. Little bits of chicken skin fall to the bottom of the pile, and the  resultant mix is even better than the actual wings.The Singapore noodles have a complex melange of flavors that make me want to read Dune and whisper "the spice...!" between mouthfuls. The potstickers are equally delightful, as are the cream cheese wontons. Fried rice fans should try the basil fried rice. Better yet, order it extra spicy.They even have Boba tea - my favorite is the lychee.Unlike the previous reviewer, we've always had fast service here. Deliveries arrive hot in less than 30 minutes, and take out orders are even faster.
4	Pretty decent Chinese delivery as far as Vegas goes. Haven't found something GREAT yet, but this is my #1 delivery for now. They were very friendly and I asked about military discount and they gave me 10% off the order. Food was pretty good. Definitely Americanized :p
4	I'm not normally a Chinese food fan, but I've been craving it like crazy lately! We had an excellent experience this past week at Jasmine Express. Any place that delivers is a plus in my book... especially when it arrives much before the said time and is delicious & piping hot! We had beef broccoli, house fried rice, & the walnut shrimp. All of them were fantastic. I have a new found love for walnut shrimp, AMAZING! The only down side was they said they didn't have brown rice which I did see on the menu. 4 stars!
4	The fried rice is pretty good (we always ask for no peas no carrots and more bean sprouts and green onions). I would also recommend the szechuan chicken and walnut shrimp.
4	A decent Chinese resturaunt i must say. Food was good and came out very presentable. The hostess barely speaks English so its hard to explain a specialty order and hard to understand her coversation but she's very nice.The building was very clean with spacious seating. There's one t.v. to watch and I'm sure you could arrange to have the channel changed to whatever you like. Not too expensive due to have a lunch special. Very chill and relaxing and did I mention how good the food is? LolI ordered the kung pao chicken which was amazing!! A bit spicy but I expected it to be. Not stingy with the chicken and evened out with vegitables.Overall, the place is amazing and is proud to have Yelpers eat the restaurant because they have a big sign at the register that thanks fellow reviewers such as you & I.Will definitely be eating here again soon.
4	I come here at least once a week for my lunch break. They have lunch specials from 11am-3pm ranging from $6-$8, but I come here for the Combination Pho. I think it's the best dish they offer. This is probably the only place that serves Pho on this side of town.Call ahead to order your food, because they take a long time.
5	This is the best Chinese ever!My wife loves the Hot and Sour soup and orders it regulally, they now know her and treat her very well, sometimes with fried rice and other times with spring rolls.It is always amazing!
5	soo addicting!!!! I live in Henderson and I went here because my cousin lives in N.las vegas and told me about this place. I love the beef combination pho soup!!! Sooo bomb! They said no msg...hmmm...but still soo good! I am craving for more at the moment. Restaurant is clean and friendly staff, and also tried the chow mein which was very tasty as well!!! 5stars!
5	Yea I went there 3 times on Thursday with my brother, then I went my cousin & my goddaughter Emma Saturday, then Monday this evening I went with my cousin, her husband & my goddaughter again. I love Jasmine Express. I like the Chow Mein & the pork yummy yummy.
3	We got takeout from Jasmine Express about a week ago. It was decent, but not incredible. The Mongolian Beef was very good, the dumplings and fried rice were okay, and the Orange Chicken was just meh (didn't even taste "orangey" at all). I would recommend JE, however, my wife and I actually prefer New China Cuisine which is right across the street. Overall their food is better and they do combo family meals which helps keep the price down a bit compared to JE.
5	So glad I found this place. We used to have to drive way into town just to satisfy our craving for pho! This is the first place in north las Vegas that sells pho! Just right up the street. Good prices and good pho!
2	Meh. I've experienced better.Here lies my meager attempt to find some good pho.  I can't go too long without some, and strangely enough, it seems to be a rarity near me.  They seem to specialize in Chinese food, but all I was interested in was the Vietnamese.Hard to screw up pho for me.  All it needs is the right ingredients and just take a hot minute to get to me.  I'll probably blame the usual clientele for the limited pho selection, but I have also seen worse.  This is the first time I've seen tendon pho all by itself; usually it's along side tripe and other meats.  This could have been very disappointing as I don't typically see a lot of tendon in pho, but no, they were generous here.  On the other hand, for an establishment that prides itself on fresh ingredients (even says so on the menu), their condiments were far from such.  The lime, basil, and sprouts looked far older than I cared to guess.  I drowned them in the hot broth before I decided they might be unappetizing -- except the sprouts as they were just too far gone.  Maybe if they hadn't called so much attention to their ingredients, I would have been more lenient.  Noodles and broth were sufficient in quantity and quality.Here's a little story: I had a tad too much sun earlier that day and was quite burnt.  I know: strange that I would want hot pho after being sunburnt, but I just had to have it.  They had the plus of being an all Asian staff; I almost prefer it when there was a language barrier to overcome -- typically a sign of authenticity.  And I found some of that with the waitress.  Now there was one exchange that I just wasn't understanding, but after a bit of back-and-forth, turns out she was asking me if I was drunk because of my red face.  While funny at the moment, it sadly once again made me think of what kind of clientele they have to put up with to require that kind of question.  At least she was nice about it.  Another interesting note was the television had a soccer game on in Spanish.  This was a first for me in an Asian establishment, and I'll have to be forgiven for asking about it.  Turns out the owner himself likes it and speaks it.  Supposedly the regulars expect nothing less.  It was these experiences more than the pho that might make me return.
5	By far the best chinese I have had!  I love chinese food but most places I go upset my stomach as well as my husband's.  This place seemed fresh, not too greasy, and super delicious!  I prefer fried rice but I must admit I love the fluffiness of this white rice.  The staff was friendly and the restaurant clean.  Most definitely my new go-to place for chinese cuisine!
2	I was excited about this restaurant because I could get a bowl of pho without having to drive across town. The pho is good but the service is terrible. Delivery time is over an hour so I decided to pick up the next time. I ordered two pho and 1 order of egg rolls. I left my house 10 minutes after I ordered thinking it would be ready by the time I drove up there. But I was wrong. When I got there not only was my order not ready. I don't even think she put it in. Also she told me that there was only enough pho for one order something she could have told me over the phone before I drove up there. So I waited in there hot restaurant for another twenty minute just to receive half my order. I was not offered anything for free to make up for their mistake.
3	It's hard to find good Chinese food anymore, especially with delivery. This place got the job done. Did it blow my mind? Eh, not really, but it had some high points.I found the chicken fried rice totally awesome. Just salty enough, great flavor, really good.The sweet n' sour chicken was good, but they should consider putting the sauce on the side when doing delivery. It was very soggy, so I ended up pulling off the outsides and just eating the middle.The lo mein would've been good -- the chicken in it was white meat and cooked well - but the noodles were way overcooked (again, likely due to the delivery time), so they were mush. And I though it was a little bland.The pork wontons I really liked. My boyfriend didn't like them as much because he really likes those kinds that are just a big fried noodle with a tiny dot of meat in the middle. These have more meat, but are still quite good, in my opinion.The crab rangoon was... average. Cooked well, tasted fine. I'd order those again, but they weren't a stand-out, really.The steamed rice was cooked well and not mushy or underdone.The whole thing, including delivery tip was $40 or so, not too bad and they were right on time -- 30 minutes.I'd order from here again, though I might try some other items that won't sog-out, preferably something with vegetables!
4	Yep, I'm a fan! My friend and I drove past this restaurant once and one day decided to give it a shot... She got beef and broccoli and I got beef and green pepper. Beef and green pepper is pretty much just like beef pepper steak. It was only a 15 minute wait, so we went next door to smiths to grab some wine and kill time. After reading reviews, I'm curious as to what 'pho' is and how it tastes... that might be the next thing I try!
4	I like this place. There aren't a lot of good Chinese/Vietnamese restaurant choices up north- unless you're into the usual china-a-go-go type places. People are friendly and courteous and are more than happy to make any order cooked just the way you like it. The food is good too.
5	They have Boba! that alone gives them 5 stars! Finally a good boba place in north las Vegas :)
4	We went based on the reviews and we were pleasantly surprised. We only tried the combo pho and the combo vermicelli, but they were both good. My husband liked the ice coffee too. The service and variety were fine. The food is better near Chinatown, but that doesn't mean this place wasn't good for what we had. I do think the AC needs to be turned up. Good Vietnamese food near Aliante.
4	Got to love the Spring Rolls and Strawberry smoothie with boba.  The first time I went here, is with the wife.  Since she saw the reviews were very good.  So trusting the yelpers out there, I decided to tag along.  I was kind of skeptical since it was next to a Smith grocery store and a Subway.  It is a decent size place to eat at.  The inside looks nicely decorated and the staff seems really nice.  The seating arrangement was kind of tight in a sense, but we were able to sit and eat in.  I usually have my spring rolls, and they were really good.  I really like their Strawberry smoothie.   I had their teriyaki Bowl, which was good, and decent.  The wife had the Pho and thought it was okay.  My overall thoughts, I would come here for the spring rolls.  But dining in, is okay, but probably during the off time, like after lunch or before dinner.  So if you're in the area, you should try it.
5	Loved the pineapple fried rice! Scrimp was huge. Just as good as Sanam's but no wait time!
2	Well Shucks.  I wanted to like the local Chinese joint, but I was underwhelmed two times.I had the basil chicken.  It just didn't taste very good - I really can't explain it.  The fried rice was real dark with nothing in it.  I can't remember what I got the second time I went... I did see crickets crawling around the floor both times I was there.This is basically your typical local Chinese restaurant.  It is probably okay if you just want to stop by and get a quick cheap lunch.
3	Let me start off by saying the food is okay for the price. I was a little disappointed because my order wasn't right. The shrimp was overcooked, hard and rubbery. One of my egg foo young patties had a rotten taste to it, but the other three patty's were okay...go figure...I expressed my concerns and was given another fresh order the next day. So I will give them another chance. Staff is friendly and place is clean.
4	Overall we really liked the food. We started with yummy crab Rangoon to share, then I had the Singapore rice noodles which was nice & spicy. My husband had cashew chicken and it was also great. I do have to say after we took a table in the sit down part of the restaurant, we noticed 2 of the tables had food & drinks leftover from the last customers & they didn't get bused until we were paying our check & leaving. Also while we were eating, we overheard the girl taking the orders over the phone had apologized to 2 different callers for having delivered the wrong food. So I would suggest to come in & order take out rather than order delivery. Hopefully the next time we go, the tables will be bused. Overall the food came out quickly & tasted great but the service could use some work. We gave it an 8 out of 10.
3	Groupon brought me here! The menu is extensive and they serve a lil bit of Thai, Vietnamese, and Chinese entrees. I was craving Chinese this time and decided to give it a try; ordered pineapple fried rice (tasty, with 6-7 pcs of shrimp), sesame chicken (just ok), & combination vermicelli (good), all to go. We didn't have to wait too long (10 minutes). The food is at least 3 stars (A-OK and I will come back). I'm already marking down what I'll try next. The staff were all friendly and helpful. They pointed out that they always have specials going on, whether it's $20 worth of food for $10 Groupon or 20-25% coupon on their website. Make sure you check in on your Yelp app so you get 2 free veggie egg rolls.
1	Horrible service!! Served me old food!!
4	Bolba is on point. That's the only reason I go here.
3	There are a lot of Chinese restaurants around here.  Unfortunately they all kind of taste the same.  The food here was good, but nothing stood out as extraordinary.
3	This is really more of a 2 star rating...but given there are not too many options in North Las Vegas....relative to the area and the options available, it gets 3 stars.  It's pretty much a glorified panda express menu with some Thai/Vietnamese offerings.  We tried the Vietnamese food....the grilled pork&shrimp, egg rolls, rice option and the similar vermicelli bowl option. The meat was rather dry and slightly on the salty side.  The egg rolls were quite mediocre and flavorless inside.  The noodles were cooked well....We also tried the fried chicken wing appetizer...and they were tasty but perhaps that was due to the excessive use of MSG as seasoning...none the less it was crispy goodness but I probably drank 3 glasses of water after the appetizer.  Will I come back?  Perhaps....there are just those days when I'm too lazy to drive....
1	I have enjoyed eating lunch at this place many times. UNTIL my last visit. I sat down for lunch and just started to enjoy my soup. I noticed an ant on my knee and squished it thinking nothing of it, then I noticed the floor which had hundreds of ants which were feeding on a piece of fortune cookie. I brought to the lady's attention and had a guy come out to take care of it. I simply moved to another table. He had a trash can, a broom and dust pan. He swept them up, put them in a trash can which he then placed behind the counter. REALLY!?!? The ants aren't dead now you just got them closer to the kitchen. I mentioned that to him but he didn't care. As he was mopping the floor where they used to be, he hit the planter and two American cockroaches came running out. That was it, I was done because they probably have German roaches in the kitchen. I have not been there since. I like the food but I am concerned about the cleanliness of the place. NOTE: I am in pest control, however I do not service restaurants because I enjoy eating out. But they use no one and they should. Hopefully they do now.
1	the food quality is not consistent. the wait is oh so looooonnnggg, every single time. once, i called in my order and gave them 45 minutes to prepare my food, and when i arrived at the restaurant, i waited another 20 minutes. and while i paid as soon as i got there, i was asked by staff if i had already paid before handing me my food. today will be the last time i set my foot here, because you made me wait again...oh jasmine express, you keep breaking my heart!
1	Found something that looked like a pubic hair on the rim of my glass... I cancelled the order, and will never return.
3	Good decent food.  Good service.  Bathroom is not so great.  And the general ambiance is very much on that lower end fast food vibe.  It would get a solid 4 if they fixed up the place.  The food was good though. Food was a 4Place was a 2.5
4	My local Chinese spot never disappoints me... Good service (for a Chinese restaurant at least) fresh and fast I go at least 4x a month!
1	Totally disappointed. This was my 4th time eating here and quite possibly my last. First, I ordered the speciality fried rice (The server described it as "the white fried rice and not the dark") It came with chopped pork, chicken and whole shrimp. The shrimp had their intestinal tracks still intact. The chicken was really dry which makes me think they used old leftover pre cooked chicken. And the rice was hard and some pieces were crunchy. When fried rice gets stuck in my teeth, it's not good fried rice. I also ordered the rare beef Pho. When the server brought the plate of Jalapenos, bean sprouts, and thai basil, the jalapenos were dry and rotting, the basil came wilted and had a lot of brown spots. I asked her to change it out and she did. Usually whenever I get Pho, it comes steaming hot. Since I only saw little puff of steam, I knew I was in trouble. I went to stir it and the noodles on the bottom were still clumped together, and a small ice cube was in the noodles! I pulled it out and kept stirring the Pho to loosen the noodles. Usually when I get the rare beef, the soup cooks it because its so hot. Not this time... After I tasted it, I called the server over and asked her if she could warm it up in the microwave because it was luke warm. After 15 mins, the little old lady in the back came out with the Pho and said that if I order rare beef it will stay rare. I told her that was fine, but I didnt want cold soup. When I got the Pho back, I could tell she just boiled the hell out of it because it was full of floaters from the cooked blood from the rare beef. It just looked disgusting. I couldnt eat it, and asked for my check. Instead of making things better, the server just gave me the check and I paid 25.00 for NOTHING. (I did drink my Thai tea)  There was a total lack of service. There was only one other person during my entire visit. Nobody ever really checked on my table. And it was hard to get the servers attention when I needed something.I am really surprised at the quality of the food, because their sister restaurant Da Lat is outstanding. I thnk the manager or chef at Da Lat needs to pay Jasmine a visit....
2	Food was greasy. It was hot in there and service was ok. Food was alright. I give them ONE whopping "bleh" star and ANOTHER as a thank you for the free egg roll upon checking-in through Yelp. :-p
4	Great food. Their pad tai was to die for.
2	Hot and sour soup is very bitter. It is almost like it is made of pure sour. Food is decent. My husband enjoyed the rice. It was mediocre Chinese food.
4	I stumbled upon this location when my gf was under the weather and needed some hot pho to help her feel better. Its a small hole-in-the-wall place right in between Vons and Subway. As I entered in I was greeted by the only server there, Chris. As I was going through the menu for take-out (which is really nice because most of the dishes have pictures) I was noticing Chris' customer service and he was well knowledgeable and very customer friendly. I ordered the Plain noodle pho, Pan fry beef vermicelli, and special combo rice plate which came with 3 eggrolls, shrimp, and grilled pork. Now before I tell you how bomb the food was, I must pause for a little constructive criticism. If you plan on doing a take-out, call in AT LEAST 15-20 min before hand. I seriously waited for 30-35 minutes while sitting down with my back against the glass entrance wall where the waiting seats are with the Sun beaming on my back. A lady to the right of me that came in a little later than I asked me if I called in before or placed an order when I came in because she said she called in 20 min before and has been waiting for 45 MIN - AN HOUR. -which is ridiculous for any restaurant especially when there's very little ppl. Did I mention the sun is beaming down on our backs? I knew I should have gotten that thai tea...lol. The lady also said that the total ambiance of the place changed but the food was always good. That being said, THE FOOD WAS BOMB. Great proportions and decent prices. The Food was actually fresh! -Definitely something you want when ordering from an oriental/asian restaurant with all the seafood and vegetables they utilize. Great/Fresh food.Great customer service.The only reason I gave 4/5 stars is simply because with just a few arrangements the restaurant can look a lot nicer, And the wait time for take-out was long! Especially with the chairs against the glass entrance wall. But the Food was great and worth the wait.WHEW...lol
3	This is my first review but felt the need to post.  Used groupon so gave them a 3 star for the value.  Like groupon and they generally work out good for me.  Ordered S&S pork and Kung Po Chicken both were just OK.  Fried rice also meh to ok.  Red sauce/sweet? came with the order but had some kind of burnt pieces floating around in it, not sure if that is the way it was suppose to be but I've never seen it before.  Crab Rangoon-way over cooked wontons-filling was OK but skimmpy.  Tempura Shrimp-skinny, dry and hard-close to inedible.  Veg Egg rolls-inedible-had to throw away.  I am not a picky eater but literally could not bite thru the egg rolls.  Sorry will not be back.  Maybe the Pho food is better.
3	Closest pho from my house.. Not as good as the ones close to china town but it'll do! Waiter is always friendly and service is quick. But if u want pho in north Vegas this is the place to go.
2	Probably has to be one of the worst sit-down restaurant experiences I've ever had. The service is overlook-able. i ordered the beef noodle pho. The broth itself is pretty bland and felt like a chore to eat. It was a herbal beef broth with a slight sweet taste to it. Nothing special. The noodles were alright and the vegetables (Bean sprouts, cilantro, onion; the lime was a little dry) were fresh. The bad rating comes from the beef. The actual beef muscle was okay but the beef tendon tasted pretty spoiled. I've eaten soups, including herbal soups with beef tendon. That did not come close to the weird nasty taste this tendon had. Quite overpriced as well. Better/similar prices in other locations. Would recommend New China Cuisine right across the street. Kinda similar but at least the beef was decent quality and the portions are great.
2	The same Chinese food you will find in any clone Chinese takeout joint. It serves a purpose if you are broke or drunk, and little else. Heavy on the deep fryer and sugary sauce, light on quality. Although it may have been an isolated incident, the one time I ordered delivery, they quoted me a half hour and it ended up being well over an hour.
1	this place is a joke... I came in and ordered 2 smoothies and they made me wait 25 minutes for 2 drinks... they gave us a straw that had sticky substance on it... WTF. it was expensive for no reason and the smoothies weren't even tasty. NEVER COMING BACK.
4	This place has good cheap food.  No complaints...the service was a LITTLE slow considering there we're a ton of people in there, but they did go BUY jallapeno's when I asked for more which was WAY above and beyond. We got the veggie spring rolls, thia tea and pho...it was all really good.  I got a yep appetizer for free and a buy 2 get one free thia tea, which was exciting!Bottom Line: This is definitely a good Vietnamese place...I'll be going again.
5	Just had lunch for the very first time here. I can't believe I'm about to leave Vegas in a few months and have been here since '09 and have never eaten here.  I had the shrimp pork vermicelli and my wife had the lemon chicken. Both were excellent. When you come here you must try the Boba Strawberry Smoothie! Great prices and nice portions, will definitely be back soon!
5	I have been coming here for a few months now and Jasmine Express is still the best in Las Vegas compared to what China Town has to offer. The service is excellent. Chris and everyone who works here are really nice and treats the customers courteously.
4	So I found this place via the EAT24 app as I have two young kids and taking them anywhere is just a joke at this point. So I haven't been into the actual restaurant but I have ordered delivery a half a dozen times. I have one word for the food.. PHO!! I might have a slight addiction to asian noodle soup and theres is exceptionally good! Ive had it 4 times this week and will probably be getting it again tomorrow! I also ordered the Pad Thai and it was pretty good. About a 3 out of 5 for the Pad Thai.
1	Do not request your order for delivery. Took us almost 2 hours to get our food and we are still waiting. Very disappointing! We called to find out what's going on, someone picked up, then hung up on us. Never eating here again.
4	I'm very excited that I found this place! North LV is not exactly known for excellent Asian cuisine. I actually stumbled upon this place by sheer accident  (or lazyness, i'll let you be the judge of that). the day i ran into this place, i was feeling tired and under the weather. All I really wanted was some comfort food, some Tinola with rice and some fish sauce :) (tinola ~ vegetable, ginger, soupy strew, usually made with chicken) but the only way i was going to get that is if i made it myself, so i headed to smith's. once i got there i changed my mind, and decided i was so not in the mood to cook at all, but that was not gong to fix my hunger issues. so i walked into jasmine express, and was pleasantly surprised to see pho on the menu. Of course that is exactly what I got and it was actually very good! Besides Vietnamese food, i was very excited to discover that they offer Thai food as well. It's about time!! They have some decent pad Thai, pad si ew, and thai tea boba. Needless to say I am over the moon that finally found a place so close to me, that serves Asian cuisine other than Chinese and Japanese and is really good. Definitely recommend!
4	Awesome place for pho ! Special combination is good,  but there serving is  not consistent sometimes you get a big portion then next time you get a sad face :( but this is the only restaurant that serves pho in my area . Service is excellent ! Hope This information is useful :)
2	Walking in randomly I saw they had boba milk...it was an experience...it didn't taste right and to top it off the boba was still hard in the middle and it was full of ice...not worth the $4.05 if you ask me...could get one for a better price and with a better taste down the street..will not be going back..
3	Meh!!! The downside - The pho soup was just alright and the restaurant was a bit dirty and the service was slow. The upside - The staff was very nice and the price was good.Overall it was just an average experience.
2	Chinese and Thai food awful. Vietnamese food...meh. Boba also meh. Enough to tide me over when I can't get to Chinatown. And they deliver (sometimes) when I'm super lazy.
1	This restaurant rates. #1 on the worst Chinese fast food list in the country. I have lived in many places and in many states and this "restaurant" is the worst. We ordered Crab Rangoon & General Tso chicken. The crab rangoon was very small, overcooked and had a smear of who knows what in it. The General Tso chicken had something that resembled paint thinner and smelled like it too. The chicken was the cheapest quality a restaurant could buy. For fear of spending the weekend in the hospital I stuck to the overcooked crab rangoon and some rice. I was desperate!If you have the iron stomach and complete lack of taste buds to try the food here you might want to avoid the duck sauce. That was nastier than the paint thinner, er the chicken.
1	I have given this place chance after chance. I don't know why they have the elderly man still making the food. I have nothing against him personally and give him respect for trying, but it's clearly time to retire. The food is HORRIBLE! I order two orders of Egg Foo Young for me and my friend. That was $25 down the drain because neither of us ate more than 1 of the 4 patties it came with! It was the WORST EFY we have both ever eaten. I feel bad because it was my idea to go there!I will NEVER give this place my money again!
1	We've been coming here for the past 2 years. The food was good then but I don't know what happened? The food had gotten worst! Even that...food was AWEFUL!I ordered some Vietnamese food that I've been normally ordering. Today, the looks and taste of it is totally different. The salt and pepper shrimp that is supposed to be fantastic was very very oily and soggy. The Vietnamese spring roll with shrimp was smelly and yucky, ended up not eating it. The Chinese broccoli with oyster sauce was so over cooked and it was floating in its sauce. The fried rice was dark brown, it was overloaded with soy sauce.I  complain about it but they did not even offer to exchange it or make a new one. Not even an apology for this AWEFUL meal. Jasmine Express you are done in my book! And for all of you out there who wants to try....Don't! You will be very disappointed!AWEFUL..AWEFUL...AWEFUL !!!!BAD FOOD...consider this as a warning!DO NOT EAT HERE!!!
5	I had a great experience with takeout here.  Mostly it was because the food was inexpensive and delicious...what's more to say!Do yourself a favor and enjoy the Vietnamese spring rolls.  They are $4.95 for two huge rolls packed with cilantro, lettuce, and shrimp, served with yummy peanut sauce.  I have not yet found a place in Vegas that does a better job with true spring rolls--not the fried junk I see on bar menus.
4	Their food is made fresh as soon as you order!  Therefore if you are wanting fast Chinese food like China a gogo or Panda Express which tastes like junk, don't come here. The wait is worth it here! I call my order in, even if I'm going to eat in the restaurant about 10-15 minutes before I arrive to give them a chance to have it ready or get my order in before others. Their Chicken Noodle Pho Soup is delicious!!!! I eat it at least once a week!The only reason I give them 4 stars is because about 4 times out of 40 plus visits that I've order the Pho soup they must have ran out of cilantro and instead of getting more or informing you that they are out (what is Pho Soup without cilantro??) they just pack it up without and you are disappointed when you get home. At least you could stop and buy your own if they let you know they ran out. That's my only complaint and that's very minimal for the amount of times I have had their Pho.
5	I wanted crab fried rice but they use the face stuff so I pass on it. I'm not sure who the guy was working behind the counter but he suggested  I try their dinner special rock crab with salt and pepper for $14.00This had to be on of the best dishes I ever eaten! The portions was huge,If I was back in jersey and or something like this it would have cost more line $25. This was the best $14 I ever spent!!
3	Food is great. Customer service... not so much.
4	I really like this place when I need to satisfy my Pho kick! The Pho is always delicious, and ordering pick up is always very quick. I always order a Thai iced tea with boba and usually they are on point, but this time it seems that they have switched their boba. The boba instead of being the large balls are now the small tiny ones. Still good none the less, I just prefer the normal boba size balls.
5	My boyfriend and I were hungry and it was my turn to choose the spot to eat. I've been telling him how good this place was and after his first time eating from here, he didn't quite like it. Mind you it was a pick-up order and he had ordered something he's never tried before. Shrimp Tom Yum soup! It wasn't my favorite either. But I enjoyed my Beef noodle soup as always.Anyways, he wanted to go to Aliante buffet for the fact that it's cheap and right up the street from us but I convinced him to try this place out again. The service was good as always, we got to choose where to sit and was given enough time to order. I got the lunch special Kung Pao chicken and my absolute fave, their Thai tea! Even my boyfriend loves it. I swear it's the best Thai tea we've ever had!! He chose Curry chicken and ordered an appetizer as well, chicken wings. To be honest when I read how much it was for 3 chicken wings I was kinda let down. But once the food came we were NOT disappointed! My food was very good. I was already full after eating about a fourth of my meal. I did have the egg drop soup prior. The curry chicken was very good also. And the chicken wings were actually whole wings! I was so surprised lol. They were still very hot when we ate them. The wings were crispy, moist, very well cooked and even a little sweet..I don't know how but it was. I'm just happy my boyfriend enjoyed his food. He even brought the leftovers with him to work :D Everyone I have introduced this place to has enjoyed their food. This really is a hole in the wall restaurant that not many people know about. The prices are also very reasonable as well.
5	Came here today for some boba tea unfortunately they didn't have any made so I tried the kiwi pearls in my mango and strawberry smoothie...it was *bomb* I loved it. I still like boba but the pearls are yummy to. I give this place a 5 star and recommend you guys to try the smoothies with pearls. :)
3	Service was good, place was clean. The food menu has great selection but i will say the taste is ok but "HANDS DOWN" to their pho soup!!! worth of a drive if you're in the north side & craving for pho soup noodles . Will be back only for that.
5	Me and my girlfriend come all the time, since we moved. It's really close to our house and it has awesome boba and food! it also has a lot of choice and options :) yum
2	If you want pho.... Don't get it here. Staff is friendly and helpful but food is not up to par. Tastes like the broth was made from bouillon cubes.
4	The customer service was awesome. They give you free crab rangoon with each order of pot stickers. i didn't know that! Thank god, they deliver! They delivered less than estimated time, which is a plus!Their boba slush is alright. This isn't the best oriental cuisine I've had, but it was satisfying. Good food. Crab fried rice however is awesome.
1	If a negative review was possible, I would give this restaurant one! Coming from out of town, I wanted to try this place out. MAN!!!!!!! That was a BIG MISTAKE! I found it convenient and order the food through yelp and set the food to be picked up at 7:30 pm. I received a voice message from a rude employee at 7:17 pm, informing me my food was ready to be picked up, but yet, I set the pick up at 7:30! I called the restaurant back and the rude employee answered. I explained, I would be there shortly. Upon arrival, the rude idiot asked me "why you late fo yo pick up?!?!?" I replied, "my order was set at 7:30, to pick up!" He answered back "well..... We make it at 7:00" (pointless stupid coment) while he was explaining, he looked to the detailed invoice of my order and circled the time its set to be picked up and said "see it say seven.......... Oh?" Immediately, the employee felt completely DUMB! Instead of apologizing, the employee blatantly covered his IGNORANCE for arrogance! I asked "well.... Dont you think the food is cold by now?" In his immediate defense, he pointlessly started check marking specific foods on the invoice of items I ordered, on what items would be warm or not (AGAIN, stupidity at its best!) I would of accepted his apology and went about my night, but since this moron was spitting pointless nonsense-full verbiage, to make him look more dumber than he really is! This made me immensely frustrated and was seriously considering throwing the food in his face. I arrived to North LV, from a long drive from Californian and all I wanted to do was eat. This person is the face of this establishment and SHOULD really consider pulling the stick out of his ass, for the customers and business sake. Over all, the food was ok and nothing out of the ordinary. YELPERS, STAY AWAY FROM THIS BUSINESS. If you dont mind being treated rude and would consider mundane food; that would be totally up to you!
5	They have boba milk teas here in North Las vegas. Eddie was excellent cashier. Bogo on milk teas and smoothies (:
2	So the boba here is good, depending on who makes it. The food is hit or miss depending on what time of day you get it. I usually get Pad Thai here and sometimes it's fantastic, sometimes you wonder what the hell they put in it. Needless to say, I got food poisoning this last time around so I think I'll just stick to the boba. Other than that, the staff is pretty cool. It'll do in a pinch.
5	Their Vietnamese dishes are on point; vermicelli, pho, and rice plates. The smoothies are also on point. Everything else, from what I've tried; Chinese dishes (orange chicken, lemon chicken, shumai), Thai dishes (curry, pad thai), aren't all that great. The spring rolls, egg rolls, pork buns and sesame balls are pretty awesome too.
5	Let me start by saying that I have no idea why this place has so many negative reviews. So, if you're considering going here, but hesitant because of the reviews, I challenge you to try it. You won't regret it. With that being said, as I pulled up to Jasmine Express, I was a little worried because of the cigar store next door. When I tried Viet Bistro at Tenaya and Lake Mead, it was disgusting because of the cigar smell. But anyways, as I walked in, I was greeted immediately. I ordered a milk tea boba and redeemed my free eggrolls coupon for my Yelp check-in to start. Very prompt service. My boyfriend and I both ordered Pho, as he was not feeling well. I got the rare steak pho. It was absolutely amazing. The flavor was incredible. I have ZERO complaints about this place. I will definitely be back, sooner rather than later. So glad I finally found a place I can get pho that's not all the way in China town.
4	Fist time back in a longggg time! Ordered the pho. Must say it has improved big time! Is it new ownership?? I dunno but I like it and I'll be back!
3	Jasmine Express is a hole in the wall restaurant that's half restaurant,  half counter service taking to-go orders. I had the braised tofu and it was a bit on the chewy side but still good.  There was 3 people in our party and the orders came out separately.  The beverages are served in cans but you get refills.  The waiter was attentive and kept the refills coming.  The prices are pretty reasonable as well. We'll be returning to this restaurant!  I'll probably order something different though...
4	I wasnt a big fan of pho...but this place changed my mind. I USUALLY just drive here but it can be a hassle finding seats since it is small, but now they do online ordering and delivery. Wayyy more convenient for me. I definately recommend the smoothies and the pho...coconut and pineapple is my fav!!!
1	I have been going here since 2008 when I moved to the area. slow but steadily has gone down. if you order pan fried noodle you get chow main Noddles. wasn't always the case. I see it say they don't use msg but you can clear taste the msg especially in the fried rice. the service is actual very good but the food is not any better than panda Express.
3	Three solid stars for the taste of the food alone. Chicken pad thai was a bit on the sweet side for me but noodles were cooked perfectly and portions were huge. The pork pad se eww...hands down one of the best dishes like this that I have had. I could have eaten this for days. The meat was hearty and there was plenty of it. I will return for the food. They also have smoothies and boba here. The avacado smoothie was sooooo yummy! Get one! I could have gone one more star but we waited for 25 min for a to go order...we were the only people in there. The chef made out order wrong and we had to wait longer. In that time I noticed the place could use a deep clean...it's also not in a great part of north Las Vegas so the sidewalk foot traffic was a bit sketchy. Check in on yelp and get 2 free veggie rolls!!
3	I feel terrible giving them 3 stars, since the waiter was over the top amazing! The food however, wasn't 'bad' , but my husband ordered basil chicken and I ordered another chicken dish ... And they both had the exact same and so did the chicken lettuce wraps.  :( The Tum Yum was spicy, with not much flavor. Bummer, as I live right down the street and have been dying to find a good Thai place close by.
5	I've been to this place a couple times now and it's always great! They have very friendly service and great food! I've had the seafood pho both times and the aroma & flavor if the broth is the best I've had!
5	Love this place!  Ate some great Chinese food.  Getting boba as well.  Service is awesome!  Crab rangoons and Szechuan eggplant always yummy!  Their pho here is great too.  Good price and big portions.  Oh and finishing off with the snow cream.  Love that stuff!
3	I'm very conflicted with this place. The food is great, this is the only Pho place close by and that is somewhat decent. Rare Steak Pho is really delicious when I don't want to drive across time for my favorite place.The service here is usually awful. I've waited for half an hour for a to go order when I have had people come after me get their order quicker.I have never dined in, but from the look and the wait I witnessed it wasn't all that great. One time they had a woman who seemed almost completely new trying to work the register by herself and taking 8 minutes to ring up an order, she had to grab a cook's help to finish it out.The regular guy I see that takes orders can be a bit rude. I've been placed on hold for over ten minutes with him to then have to call back.I have also ordered to go some Pho and Fried Rice, literally he said 'not a problem, we are out of pho since over half an hour.' How is this not a problem?I also always order my Pho without bean sprouts, he has questioned me as if why I would ever do such a thing and then time after time there are always bean sprouts.But yet I keep coming back because it is close and pretty good food. They definitely need better help though.
1	My family and I had lunch there today and I ordered szcuan beef and the meat and rice were old and I took my food back and they didn't want to refund my money so I decieded to warn every one.
5	I love this place. I went back 3 days in a row trying different items. And the staff was awesome too.... funny guys :)  the boba green tea with kiwi is what has me. its awesome... thanks guys for the great food and service. See you again... :)
5	Didn't eat here, but we bought boba smoothies, and they were fantastic! Tons of choices!  Start at $3.50 - 5.75  fresh!
1	Need to offer negative 5 stars!! Placed an order last night for pickup. I phoned my order in at 5:05 pm, for a pickup in which they said would take " about 25 minutes". According to my receipt, I picked up my food at about 5:40. I ordered orange chicken, mongolian beef, shrimp fried rice and chicken CHOW MEIN. Got the food home and omg , so disappointed! The " chow mein" was inedible. It was a gluey blob. The shrimp fried rice had maybe 5 pieces of small, cold, flavorless shrimp. All of the fried rice was old and dried out. It had to have been days old. The beef dish had no seasoning and a funky flavor. I called the restaurant at 6:05 to ask that they replace my 35.00 order with edible food. Immediately the person on the other end of the phone began to make excuses. "I waited too long to eat the chow mein, it's made with flour noodles so it has to be eaten quickly" ????. ummm excuse me, but isn't chinese food one of those things that is actually better the next day? He proceeded to tell me that I would have to bring the food in to see it, see how it looked and how much of it was eaten. I guess he thought I wouldn't bother, he was wrong. I returned all 4 boxes. He went to the back to find whomever was supposed to be in charge. They returned to argue with me. At this point I was afraid to order something else, but he was very quick to point out that the receipt said no refunds. I then picked up a handful of their chow mein to show them just how nasty it was. I asked him what he was going to do to help me. He just gave me a blank stare and then told me that the chow mein had rice on it so he couldn't tell if there was something wrong with it. Maybe, just maybe, the hispanic chef didn't understand the difference between pad thai and chow mein. Then again, no one seemed to care that I had paid for quality food and was served old, cold, dried out, sticky, gluey crap that they were passing off as food. I have lived in this area 15+ years and have ordered from this restaurant many times. Due to recent health department ratings, I chose these guys over the other guys.  Never again. To the chef- pad thai is NOT chow mein. To the owner- your quality of food and staff leaves a lot to be desired. The food was remade, but honestly, the way I was treated, I didn't feel safe eating ANY of it. I have NEVER returned food to any restaurant. I honestly thought a simple mistake had been made and would be corrected by this establishment. Wrong!, You have lost a customer, forever. Panda Express, though not the real thing, is far better as you can actually see what is being cooked, by whom, and they actually know what chow mein is. Your staff does not care about serving your customers.
4	Yay, bobaaaa! :) I've become addicted to boba and I've been looking for places open later in the day since I get off work late.I had seen Jasmine Express on Yelp a few times but was afraid they didn't have enough choices for drinks for me. Finally, we decided to come here. My boyfriend was hungry and I wanted boba. I read reviews and everyone talked about how amazing the Thai tea was so I decided to get one.For food, my boyfriend got a vermicelli dish and I got vegetable pad Thai. Delicious but I took most of it home. Same with my boyfriend! The only thing we really couldn't stop eating was the curry puffs. Soooooo effin good, I couldn't stop myself.We ended up taking a milk tea and a Thai tea home since they are buy 2, get 1 free. The milk tea definitely tastes a little flowery but I liked it. Overall, very happy with the prices and quality.
3	Jasmine Express is a solid go to choice to satisfy the need for good Thai on the tastebuds. The menu is s mix of different Asian dishes, mainly Chinese and Thai. The wide variety of drinks are a nice draw, including milk teas and Boba. I order Thai dishes here, mainly Pad Thai and Panang Curry. They offer full portions at a reasonable price. While I prefer spicier dishes, their medium I would consider mild, the flavor is still full and very satisfying.I would recommend trying one of the lunch specials before ordering the full entrees to make sure the flavor profile is to your liking.
5	First time here, better than I thought. A+++++ no complaints here. Will be a regular for my pho fix!
4	Black pepper chicken is the best
1	You only get one chance to make a first impression.  I called to place an order for delivery at 7:40 and was told it would be 45 minutes.  At 8:52, I called to find out the status of my order and was told the driver left "10 minutes ago".  I live 2 miles away in a residential area with no traffic.  At 9:13 I called back to cancel my order and left to go pick up dinner somewhere else.  During the last call the guy told me the cook was delivering my food and was lost.  He said they didn't have a delivery driver.  If I had been told they don't have a driver when I initially called I would have placed my order and gone to pick it up.  If you can't handle deliveries be honest about it so you don't waste 2 hours of my night.  Customer lost!
1	First Impression... :(  Just moved to this neighborhood... and I come here last night at 5:00 pm and it's CLOSED!  No sign as to why and there was even a guy standing there inside who put up his hands like he didn't know what I wanted.  REALLY?  The sign says Open until 9pm it was 5pm!  So I went down the way to another place to feed my family... WHY were you closed?!?!?! Not again!
1	After wanting to get some good quality viet food but being to lazy to drive to China town, my wife and I decided to check this place out. First impression was ugly decor, poor ventilation, and the fruits in the storage looked like they were rotting. But that has never stopped me from eating good quality food, so we went ahead and sat down. My wife was happy when she they had a young coconut drink. Saw the dude pull it out of the rotting fruit section. I tried it and felt it was disgusting, my wife said it was good. Egg rolls were terrible, and I ordered the special combination vermicelli and my wife ordered the egg roll vermicelli. Long story short food was bland and not worth the price. I highly doubt we will ever visit this establishment again.
1	Looks like my food not getting delivered was a stroke of luck.From Channel 13 News, Dirty Dining segment on August 27, 2014:"Jasmine Express on Camino al Norte in North Las Vegas was shut down with 50 demerits for problems with their water, multiple foods at unsafe temperatures and cockroaches. Get this, the restaurant operator had to be taken away by ambulance after suffering a nervous breakdown during the inspection."Link to the story:http://www.jrn.com/ktnv/news/dirty-dining/Dirty-Dining-Tea-Station-HK-Star-and-many-more-272953921.html
4	While I personally wish that the restaurant had a nicer decor and tables/chairs, that's the only fault I've had with this place.The quality of the food as well as the price are wonderful.  You can't get asian food this good in North Las Vegas from any of their nearby competitors.
2	I came in on a Thursday at 11 for lunch. Service was horrible. The main guy seemed out of it and took about 7 minutes to get me water and take my order. Then I got half of the lunch special about 10 minutes later. I was missing the soup and egg roll. The waiter never came back to check despite asking for the check when I got the food. I finally had to go up to the counter because I needed to be back for work and the server had never come back. They did give me a discount which is goodFood wise - not bad. I had the shrimp with veggies and was pleased. The fried rice was soaked in soy sauce and wasn't my favorite.The Thai tea - the main thing I came for was horrible. It was WAY too sweet and they had no boba. Perhaps I went too early. I would try this place again but would probably call in my order and carry out.I hoping their food continues to be decent so I have a good Asian place near me but I don't know I they'll be worth the hassle and the wait.
3	I keep trying this place cause I liked the pho and combo egg rolls. But everything else wasn't good.  Pad Thai was awful and pink. Tried the mango and sticky rice twice both times took one bite and tossed. Wasn't sweet at all. Tried Thai curry and that wasn't Thai curry. No coconut milk ,potatoes or carrots. So I will no longer stray from the 2 things I like. Oh and I like the teas
5	Since we live far from China Town , this is the closest place for Pha.. I was surprise to find it fresh n tasty .. I am happy with my new discovery spot and would highly recommend it to friends .
5	Good Pho, Thai ice tea with boba buy 2 get one free.....doesn't get any better than this.
5	The place I come to in North Las Vegas for the best Asian takeout.  The Vietnamese rolls and milk teas are the best.
4	OK so... They have a couple of things I'm addicted to, Pho, Boba tea and Spring Rolls. All of which are pretty on point. The Chinese food, ie Mongolian beef or orange chicken have been a hit or miss. Some are good, some are not. I have to say, the Vietnamese menu though that I've tried from here I have no complaints on. Guy at the register is pleasant, pretty friendly, but delivery service can be slow. So if you get delivery give them at least an hour. Restaurant is clean, a lot cleaner than when it used to be just all chinese food. To sum it up, if you like Asian food and you happen to be on this side of North Las Vegas, this place won't disappoint.
1	I can't believe this place has over a 3 star rating.  The yellow curry tasted like something out of a horror movie not to mention they forgot to bring the rice.  The pad thai was terribly unauthentic and lacking flavor or excitement.   The pad kee mao even my kids wouldn't eat and I don't blame them.  The noodles were overly rubbery and felt like they were over cooked.
1	First and last visit to eat. Food was awful - canned mushrooms, questionable water chestnuts, mushy rice!  Pad Thai mediocre. Spring rolls eh. Only saving grace were the boba drinks. Overwhelming grease smell (stuck in my clothes!).
5	The food is all good. Eveything Ive ordered is outrageous!  My fav is their Black Bean sauce. Anything with that sauce is the bomb!  Their Curry Shrimp fried rice is aweome too!  And another fav is their Honey Dew Kiwi Smoothie to die for..I keep coming here for their rice really..not many Chinese restaurants here make really good rice.For.me that is the key to good Chinese Cuisine!
2	service were ok,,  food was horrible
4	I ordered the steak and chicken one. Service and decor were modern and vvery cool. However i dont think it was worth 8 to 9 dollars per sandwich. Especially banh mi!
1	worst Pho I ever had. the meats were frozen. in fact it was so frozen that it stillnjad frost on them. not to mention that I wanted to dine in and they bagged everything to go.  Who doest that?
1	The food and service was not up to par last time we ate there it was great this time it was bad. We waited more than 20 minutes for someone to come and give us menus and take our order it took a long time to get drinks, hey gentleman walked in went to the counter waved sat down and was served his food before we even got our food and we have been there 20 minutes prior to him walking in. Do not eat the chili sauce we lifted the lid there was black mold we informed the waiter of the mold and he just took the container and moved to another table and nor did he ask us if we would like to have a fresh batch of chili sauce as for the food it was not up to par, not fresh and like I said the service suck. We know if we're going to ever go back again.
