1	BOOOOOO HISSSSS BOOOOOOOOOO HIIIIISSSSSSSSSSS, ZERO STARS FOR THE SPRAWL MART!! BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!! Alright, so this thing makes me assign at least one star.. ONLY ONE STAR FOR THE EVIL EMPIRE.. BOOOOOOO HISSSSSSS!!!
1	Satan's playground.
1	I lived a few blocks from this place for 2 years, and only went there a handful of times when it was completely necessary.  I can probably count them on one hand.  It was always chaos in there.  I actually walked in there at midnight 2 days before Christmas once and it was destroyed.  I understand it is going to be a litte hectic during the holidays, but there was no effort being taken to keep the place presentable.  I don't mean items misplaced, but literal spills of who knows what just laying around, it was insanity.  At midnight.  I got what I needed and left ASAP.
1	My fiance called it: "the place you go to take your kids with runny noses and beat them in public" It was a really strange experience when I went here.... like I was in a twilight world. It was my first time in 5 years.  I watched a child with snot running down his nose and into his mouth wipe his face on a long sleeve in the clothing department.  NOW THAT IS MESSED UP!!!
1	Walmart is about as low as it gets... just how stupid are people? Do you really want the cheapest crap you can get on the planet? "the cheapest car, home, girlfriend, etc.."??? Dirt is cheap -- have at it!Maybe it would be wise to have less (but better made) stuff...Checkout: http://www.localfirstaz.comand do something about it! Your dollars speak louder than words!
2	I hate this Walmart.  I hate the fact the last time I needed help finding something, the "associate" didn't speak English, although she was very nice and found someone who did.  But since that person could not have cared less to help me, I was back to square one.  I hate the fact there are people begging for money in the parking lots.  Hello!  I'm at Walmart.  Think about it.  I hate the fact it takes like an hour to find anything.  And most of all, I hate the fact that my husband and I  spent $4 on gas to look for diet Dr. Thunder because it's 33 cents cheaper than diet Dr. Pepper-and they only had four of them anyway!  Huh-now that I think about it, maybe I belong there.
1	I guess it depends on which Walmart you go to on how good the service is.  In actuality, with as low as their prices are, I am surprised they can afford to pay checkstand employees at all.  That is why I use the self-checkout...
3	You have a lot of people bitching about this Walmart, but it's Walmart and it's at 36th street and Thomas. You can't expect much.I have been going here for several years, and the complaints I have are mostly with their lines. I am normally always waiting about 20 minutes and it can get frustrating. But, I do mostly all of my grocery shopping there because they are cheap and have a really good selection of vegetarian items.The store is not dirty, but its not clean. This area is heavily populated with non english speaking people and you will run into them in the store.The cashiers are normally really nice here. I have never had a complaint about a cashier.Aside from the long lines and the area, which Walmart cant really help, I dont have any problems with this store. THey have a good selection, great prices and its about five minutes from my house so I wont complain one bit.
3	i shop here.i walk with my head down when i'm here bc looking up could mean 1 of 3 things:1. I will be asked for money2. a skeezy yucky man will hit on me and not take no for an answer3. i will step on the poopy diapers thrown around in the parking lotbut they let me bring my dogs in ( i don't grocery shop w dogs but when I look at other stuff) I wouldn't really say 'let' either, they just turn their heads and keep quiet. when I am in this area at night, which i try not to do, I need protection other than my safety whistle. my dogs may only weigh 4 pounds but people are afraid of them!  im sure the employees don't care bc my dogs are cleaner than most of the shoppers anyway. also, is it just me or does this walmart have the faint smell of meth? I can't say that I have ever really smelt meth, but I have smelt people who look like they're on meth and this wal-mart has a similar scent, no?
1	Worst Wal-Mart in the history of the world.Bare shelves, screaming kids, half-hour lines to check out. Why would anyone visit this Wal-Mart when there is a clean Target a few minutes away?Stay away, please.  Don't say I didn't warn you....
1	I cannot believe this national chain gets away with the deplorable conditions that are found in this store. Customers clearly don't care about how they treat the merchandise (and themselves) and employees couldn't give less than a shit, either. I came here last night and the number of people in there with unhappy, tired toddlers (it was 9:30 pm) astounded me. There was an unusually high number of the under-twenty-five-years-old-with-two-or-three-small-children types, too. Checking out was a joke, as we were in the shortest line but behind a family of three that each rang up their purchases as two separate transactions... PER PERSON. But the worst part was in the men's packaged undershirt section. There was an odor in that aisle that was just indescribable. D thought it was a hidden dirty diaper. I disagree, because as a human being, I happen to know what a turd smells like and this was not a turd. It was like a half-rotted corpse extracted from the Scottsdale "Waterfront" River. On a side note, I noticed that some other bad reviews include mentions of minorities. Let me just say that there were a lot of unwashed people in this store and they WEREN'T the minorities.
3	Ok so normaly Wal-Mart is just another trip to the store, but today I was greeted by someone other then the greeter and had a nice conversation about the holidays.  Then the gal at the self check out station was veery nice too, and attentive to all her registers.  the store seemed clean the selves where stocked.  I am very pleased with the invproments to the store keep it up
3	Ok seriously phoenix, you don't know a bad Wallie World until you've shopped the one in El Mirage...k? with that cleared. This place isn't bad at all. (I mean in all honesty the true danger is the parking lot!) Has the usual wear and tear of any 24 hour Wal-Mart.  If you're a real shopper, you send the chump to wait in line while you grab your last minute items.  I do most of my shopping here at about 12am, so I am unfamiliar with the day time rush, but as for the night shifters...not bad!  I would probably stay clear of the produce, but anything bagged, frozen, or boxed is A-OK.
1	I don't even think this walmart deserves a star....worst walmart ever. Completely disorganized, no one knows where anything is and even though there's tons of employees walking around pretending to do stuff there's no one there to check u out. 22 check stands and 4 at max are open! It took me longer to check out than it did to shop. Absolutley despise this place!
1	Word of advice stay away from this walmart. First off the check out line wait is like 30minutes. Then nothing is put in the right spot then all the worker seems upset to help you.Its crazy and just the ppl there in general are crazy. Just walking to the store ppl ask you for money or try to sell you something. Crazy crazy place.
2	This is the WORST/BEST Walmart in Arizona depending on how you look at it!There is no such thing as "just running in to get something" at this store.  Even though they have the usual 20 or so check outs, I have never seen more than 2 or 3 operating at once.  Check out lines are looooong, going back into the clothing racks most of the time.I must say that the staff have always been relatively courteous, despite the frequency of angry, angry people they encounter.However, if you aren't in a hurry, and you aren't clinically depressed, this is a great people-watching Walmart!  By people-watching, I mean http://www.peopleofwalmart.com people.  If you are not one of them, you are in the minority at this store.I only shop here because I work nights and it is near my house, but with my attitude adjustment, it went from being hell on earth to fun times.  I do not recommend shopping here unless you have no other choice, because you will witness a wide variety of depressing and disconcerting behaviors from the customers.
1	So, I go into this walmart (on Thomas) at 8:30 last night. I am always reluctant to use a cart or basket for fear of what I'll catch, so when I do, I always grab a few cleaning towels and wipe down the object of contagion. None there. The lady who was greeting people while sitting down, turned away as I was fumbling among the empty containers. I gave up: I was probably already infected. I shopped, gawked at the patrons, asked a couple of employees questions that they couldn't comprehend, and left about $20.00 lighter.  As I was walking back to my car, I watched a woman who had changed her child's diaper in the back of her van, look both ways and toss it under her car.  I drove to the IHOP a few blocks away and washed up, relieved to know that I might now survive waltonitis. I carefully wiped down anything I had touched and have finally decided that I will NEVER shop at walmart again. I can do without dangerous uncivilized behavior.ZERO STARS FOR THIS DUMP
1	guess what? i just got back from Mexico. and it only it took me 5 minutes to get there! everytime i have to go to this wal-mart, no less than 10 day-laborers run out to my truck, waving their arms as if just because i drive a truck means i'm looking for workers. ugh....and the store itself....it's so sad looking. the parking lot is littered with plastic bags, cups, just garbage in general. and even at it's busiest, they absolutely REFUSE to open more than 2 registers. doesn't matter if the lines are 50 customers deep....sorry, only 2 registers open. the shelves are a mess, nothing lines up to the correct price. so that coffee maker you thought was 25 bucks, winds up being 45 bucks because it's on the wrong shelf. play a game next time you go here. see how many misplaced objects you can find throughout the store....for instance....a sirloin steak in the shoe department, or a bath rug in the electronics department, or a bag of garden soil in the womens lingerie department. ah but....like the air i breathe, i can't live without wal-mart.
2	Just moved to the bit more area not to long ago. This is the closest Wally world to my place and I'm seriously debating wether or not I should ever shop here again.Wtf? Is with the parking lot? It seriously looks like waste managements district dumping headquarters. I managed to navigate around the heap of trash everywhere but nope; ended up stepping on a used condom rapper soon as I stepped foot out of my car. Makes me sick. Thinking about it now.As for the store, the people working there are honestly rather nice and polite, but you know you can see right through those fake smiles with "I hate my job" or "FML"I usually just shop there for alcohol since it really is the cheapest place to buy other than a Rite Aid which I don't think We have any but I could be wrong. Ended up taking a person 10 minutes just to open up the liquor cabinet then to be told it will be at register 16 which is the one of 2 MAYBE 3 open at all times. Horrible!Never seen a super Wally world that has so little open at any given time. This place looks like you where living in south Phoenix which  I wouldn't doubt would be any better but I think I'll take my chances and just shop at target.
1	Scary, crazy busy at like midnight, horribly slow checkers, rude staff, and this is literally where the "People of Walmart" reside. 'Nuff said.
1	GHETTO  MART best describes this hell hole!When I drove into this places driveway the first thing going thru my mind was; "am I going to get mugged or hold-up just getting out of my car!" With trash all over the parking lot I seriously wonder if they ever clean their parking lot! Then somehow due to the promise of cheaper prices I made it in the store. Even with all the security cameras I was still worried if I was going to get robbed in this joint.(All I'll say is there was a lot of conspicuous /shady characters shopping in this place.)I asked a question where the light bulbs were, and the person working the floor was very short with me! I think she was worried she was going to get mugged in this place too! I found my light bulbs & went to one of the mega lines. With twenty check stands they only had two open & 15 customers standing in lines! (You got to be freaking be Kidding me!) At this point I decided to leave GHETTO  MART/WALMART, & drive 1/2 mile east to 44th street & Thomas & go to Target instead. (Much Cleaner, just as inexpensive!)I can't believe WALMART is the #1 private employer in the State of Arizona???WALMART truly is the DEATH STAR to our economy!
1	GHETTOMART best describes this hell hole!When I drove into this places driveway the first thing going thru my mind was; "am I going to get mugged or hold-up just getting out of my car!" With trash all over the parking lot I seriously wonder if they ever clean their parking lot! Then somehow due to the promise of cheaper prices I made it in the store. Even with all the security cameras I was still worried if I was going to get robbed in this joint.(All I'll say is there was a lot of conspicuous /shady characters shopping in this place.)I asked a question where the light bulbs were, and the person working the floor was very short with me! I think she was worried she was going to get mugged in this place too! I found my light bulbs & went to one of the mega lines. With twenty check stands they only had two open & 15 customers standing in lines! (You got to be freaking be Kidding me!) At this point I decided to leave GHETTO  MART/WALMART, & drive 1/2 mile east to 44th street & Thomas & go to Target instead. (Much Cleaner, just as inexpensive!)I can't believe WALMART is the #1 private employer in the State of Arizona???WALMART truly is the DEATH STAR to our economy!
4	This Wal-Mart is awesome. Its great for products but the entertainment value of the clientele is as good as the product selection.  If they ever allow a Wal Mart Reality Show this is the spot.  ***** (5 stars) to the Manager that has to oversee this place. Guiliani doesn't hold a candle to this guy.
1	Sadly this Walmart is closest to my house, but it is a complete and utter craphole.The employees are always very nice, but the parking lot is a battleground swarming with migrant workers, scattered trash and random bums coming up to you asking for money, the carts are a joke and I challenge you to find one that has even 3 non-wonky wheels, the store is a friggen mess and checking out???  Oh, dear sweet Jesus, I hope you have an hour to kill because that's how long it'll take you.  I've never seen more than 4 lines open at once, no matter how long the lines were.  Pathetic!And no matter what, do not, I repeat DO NOT attempt to shop here on the 1st or the 15th of the month.  Just gonna have to trust me on that one...
1	Pay the extra money and go to the Target on 44th St...trust me.
3	This walmart is soo bad and it allways smells the employes are not so good either but its a wallmart in the getto so ill give it 3 stars
1	"Welllllcome to Wal-Mart" says the toothless greeter at the front door, as you enter a store crawling with hobos, crackheads and screaming, obese, rampant illegals. Most product descriptions are of course in spanish and you can expect the store to be 100% unsanitary with employees that seem to be in a constant, drunken stuper. You can't walk to your car without being harrassed by hooking panhandlers and desperate illegals looking for work. I avoid this place at ALL costs and travel the extra mile to Target or Fry's in a less horrid environment!
1	If you go here during peak hours, expect to spend a minimum of 30 minutes waiting in the check out line.The place can get a little grimy at night time when undesirables are the most active.I avoid this place if I can, but it's open 24 hours, wide aisles, and usually stocked well.The best time to get in heavy grocery, or other shopping would probably be early in the morning.
1	Looking through the photos that were uploaded for this particular Crapmart you can't help but notice that some woman uploaded a photo of herself wearing gaudy, brightly colored make-up that looked like it'd been applied with a trowel.  And looking at her Yelp account you'll notice that she doesn't actually write reviews, she just uploads photos of herself in various ghetto poses to random businesses.  Have you ever noticed that on the side of all photographs Yelp always asks if the photo is:Very HelpfulHelpfulNot HelpfulYeah, I looked at this photograph and it suddenly occured to me that it was actually VERY helpful in describing this particular WalMart.  In fact it should probably be THE storefront photo.So I clicked VERY helpful, and that's when I noticed that at least 2 other people also thought the same thing and had voted that photograph very helpful.  There you go folks.  That photo says it all.
1	Take a minute to brainstorm everything you hate about Walmart.  Every generic , stereotypical thought you can come up with about this corporation.  Go ahead, I'll wait a little longer...This Walmart embodies every single one of those stereotypes.  There is nothing good I can say about this place.  Ok, maybe one good thing: the people watching here is top notch.  Especially on a Friday night (or the 1st of the month).I have been to this Walmart 3 times.  I refuse to ever go again.  It is seriously that bad.  This is no exaggeration.  You have been warned.
1	HATE this walmart. i used to work here for a month and i would never ever ever ever work here again. i drive 10 miles to the walmart on pima and chapperral (spell check) aka the only descent walmart in phoenix (my opinion).
2	This is definitely not my favorite Walmart to go to, so I only go because it's closer to me to pick up a few things. The checkout lines are really long, and the store is dirty.
1	I had my purse stollen while I was tending to my crying baby. When I brought the issue to customer service the woman acted like I was bothering her. I knew who had taken my purse and all I was asking was for them to check the cameras to see if she was still in the store. They said they couldn't do that and sent me on my way. Needless to say, I won't be shopping there anymore.
1	Is there a zero stars option?  Filthy parking lot, dirty carts, dirty floors.  No cart wipes.  I politely told the manager the lot was just full of trash yet she didn't care at all and didn't send anyone out to clean up.  The lines to check out were so long that my ice cream was melting and I finally just left and went to Fry's.  I would encourage you to NEVER go here.  Try Target or a grocery store because this place is dirty and full of apathetic workers.
3	I'm not afraid to admit that I frequently shop at Walmart. This Walmart. I have definitely shopped in cleaner, more organized, less crowded Walmarts, but this one is close to where I live. I could choose to drive further to another, newer, much cleaner Walmart, but I don't. I deal reluctantly with the day laborers and beggars hanging out in the parking lot.There is a Target nearby, but I find Walmart's prices lower on many items so, being the thrifty penny pincher that I am, I usually drive the extra distance to Walmart. I know to only go on days I have extra time, though because there are always only a few cashiers on duty and long lines.Yeah...I'll be back. You might even see me wearing my slippers and comfy pajama pants. I'll be sure to post my picture to Yelp so others can laugh at me and make fun of what I am wearing. I don't care. :-)
3	This Walmart has been here for a while now. Never too spetacular at all. But, when you need something cheap and you need to now this is the place to go.Now I am not talking about shoes and clothes, or jewelry.I mean things for you car, house,fixing things you know. You can get good deals on things you just have to watch what you are buying here.It is always packed, a lot of these people seem to be just milling around.But, oh well. Come in pick up what you need and get out. It is a big store , but it always seems a bit dirty.The parking lot is always packed. It is good for me to stop in every now and then because, it is right next to Home Depot.
2	I go to Walmart because, purely and simply, it saves money. But I haven't had the best experience at this Walmart. It is not very well maintained - from the parking lot to the store itself to the bathrooms (just hold it if you have to go!) When I have to go here, I make it short and sweet. The location on Pima and Chaparral  is much preferred.
1	I thought New Mexico had some of the scariest and ghetto-est Walmarts around but I was wrong this place takes the cake.
1	AVOID this place at all costs. Been there three times and told myself I wasn't going back each time. I'm 6'1 230 lbs, trained in self defense and am often armed.... And I still won't go back. I've been there at midnight or so every time. This place is always busy, yet you can't find employees. All two of them are standing at the one open register talking sh#* about the last customer. Half an hour wait for one item. The police are regularly there, witnessed an assault suspect flee into the ice arena next door. Cops caught her after a short foot pursuit. Do you wear dirty, never washed pajamas all day long? Do you take your 15 children shopping at midnight? Do you hit those kids because they are cranky? Do you like to fight with random strangers loudly even though there are children around? Do you ignore regular rules of a polite society? Do you love to talk really loud? Are you a criminal? Are you high? Don't know what a shower is? Hate good customer service? ....Then this place is for you! Come on down to ghetto mart, where the tax payers have your tab!
1	This Wal-Mart sucked hard.  The cashier was actually very helpful and caring, but did not have the support she deserved from the so called "management" of Wal-Mart.  One of the items did not have a price tag on it (I hate that).  It wasn't worth waiting for a manager to waddle up to the register to sort it all out.  I purchased the rest of my items and happily left.  I hope the cashier finds a better place to work.
2	I hate Walmart. How it destroys small business. How it treats its employees. How corporate reaps all the benefits. But it's close to my place and it's usually cheaper than the competition. And I'm a student living off loans, so I'll be shopping here until I can afford otherwise. This location itself isn't as bad as others here make it seem. I mean, you're going to Walmart, not a Whole Foods/AJ's/Nordstrom type of place. I've seen nicer stores, but I've also seen worse. Maybe Phoenicians here don't know what the real 'hood looks like. Just don't make eye contact with the guy blasting bass out of his car and you'll be fine. I actually like to walk down aisles and hear different languages, even if they're usually bickering with each other.The store is pretty big for a Walmart but I agree they need to restock more as some items I needed empty with no employees nearby to check the back.  And they do need more registers open. And they need to sweep the floor. But it's Walmart and I've lowered my expectations, so I won't complain.
2	I hate this Wal Mart. It's so ghetto. You can tell when people get their government assistance because you are more prone to see carts FULL of groceries at that time. Not that it is a problem who receives what, but the environment of this Wal Mart sucks. I live the closest to this Wal Mart though so I must deal. Most of the time I go to Target but there are times where I used to come here. EVERY TIME I used to come someone asked me in the parking lot if I wanted to buy tamales. Like EVERY TIME! It annoyed the shit out of me because I would usually be coming out with my items. So obviously I wouldn't want your tamales when I am sure if I wanted some I could get them from a restaurant or maybe even from inside. Another thing is people standing at the front one particular guy says he is an "aspiring" artist and when I ignored him as I was walking out he played the race card saying we are both African American and we should support each other. Wal Mart shouldn't allow people to be soliciting outside the store UNLESS they are selling girl scout cookies.I did love to get my watermelon from here though it's cheap huge and super sweet! All Wal Marts are not created equal... I have been to some very nice ones... out in Gilbert/Chandler area.
1	I have Multiple Sclerosis, I can walk somewhat. However I can't walk well enough to make it through a Walmart. This one does not have any courtesy carts, they don't own any.... unlike every other mid to large store in the country. Which is not really surprising since this store is so run down and dirty, you can just see no one cares or cleans anything. I'm pretty happy I can't physically shop there and had to leave.
1	It's unfortunate that this is the closest WalMart to me because it is literally the worst Walmart EVER! Not only is there ALWAYS a line because there's never enough employees working but you can count on some idiot in the 20 items or less line with MORE THAN 20 ITEMS! Did I mention the clientele is HORRIBLE?! Whoever manages this Walmart needs to open their eyes! ::Written while waiting in line at THIS VERY WALMART!!::
2	Ive been coming to this walmart for over ten years already. And this is what I have to say.The price is the only reason I keep coming here. The bathrooms are not well kept, some of the staff are rude, and there are people walking in the parking lot who shouldn't be there. Security doesn't matter. I have my keys in my hand when I'm rolling out with my things because single time someone's asking me if I want to buy something or if I have money. If you really don't care about the atmosphere, then I would say, keep coming. However the things that can be a convenience may become inconvenience.
1	This is the worst wal Mart I've ever been too. It's .5 miles from my house but I will go to another one just to avoid this trashy hole.
1	Only 5 of 30 registers open, homeless begging for money in the parking lot and looking in parked car windows, nasty customer service... I can't think of anything nice to say about this Walmart; Prices are usually cheaper at Frys or Safeway with the store card deals.
1	HATE THIS WALMART! It is always trashy and the customer service does not make up for it at all. I cannot find anything else good about this Walmart. This is the closest walmart to me, and I rather drive 20+min to another Walmart.
2	I only shop here because it's close to where I work.  Not the safest location as the neighborhood isn't a good location.  There are a lot of homeless and weird people hanging out in and out of the store.
1	This Walmart is in my "hood" and I will seriously only shop here if I'm desperate and can not wait until Frys or Target opens.  Dirty store - CheckWait 30 minutes in line to check out - CheckNeed to "hire" someone to do some work for you - Check ( a quick scan of the parking lot, and you'll find your workers )Some woman smoking "something" in a bathroom stall - Check  ( "security" proceeded to kick her out of the store within minutes of someone narcing on her.  I was standing in the customer service line waiting to get a refund when everything went down.  You could her her yelling from outside the bathroom. )I will drive my happy azz 8 miles to Mesa Riverview's Walmart than drive the 1.5 miles to this location.
2	I can't stand this place. I hate that they are open 24 hours and that I am forced to go there when I need something late at night. There are always lines to check out. I'm pretty convinced that there must be people who actually live there, which is why they always appear to be so busy. The characters in the parking lot are questionable at best. and I always feel a little uneasy leaving my car there with the rogue shopping carts and seedy grifters and drifters walking around. I keep swearing to myself that I'll never go back, but for some reason or other, I always find my way back there. Ghettomart is a funny nickname for it...but completely appropo.
1	Is this what hell is going to be like? Dirty people that don't understand personal space, stupid kids running all over the place, 40 foot long checkout lines....ugh. I'll just drive 20 more minutes to the other 24 hr Walmart if I need something. Oh and if another day laborer gets near my car, I might "accidentally" run their feet over. Oops!
1	I not a fan of walmart. Do, I do try and avoid them unless I have no choice. With all walmarts having, universal issues.  This walmart is not the exception to the rule. With my #1 compliant being how they only have a few checkout lanes open, while having very long lines. Who wants to spend a long time in a line? I understand that they want to save money buy hiring few workers to do the job of many, but it is done at the customers expence as well. Employees are often difficult to find when I need help looking for something.  And at this store, it would seem many who work the floor don't speak English. Ether that, or they pretend not to so that they don't need to help.They have a guy in a wheelchair who asks to see peoples receipts when ever the door alarm goes off. A receipt they never even bother actually looking at. Because,  as everyone already knows, making everyone feel like they are being accused of stealing is good for business. Employee's all look exhausted and overworked. That is unlesd they jus started working, then you may find a few who have a smile.All in all. I will continue avoiding walmart, this one included.
1	This is absolutely the worst WalMart I have been to in the continental United States. I figured in stead of writing about I would just give 10 key points on why to avoid it.1. Customer service sucks...every department customer service sucks. Pharmacy...yup sucks, Photo Center yup it sucks, Return Department/Customer Care...sucks like a starving baby on a teet sucks, General help around the store...definitely sucks.2. There is never ever ever ever EVER enough registers open.3. If you have a specific question on  product or need to find something specific plan on losing it least 30 minutes of your life either waiting for a customer service rep or anyone to answer it.4. THIS PLACE IS DIRTY...like you might get Hepatitis C in the produce department...I have literally seen little hood rat kids...take stuff off the shelf after picking their runny nose...eat part of an item...like strawberries or grapes and then put it back in the bin with the rest of the food.5. Plan on getting hit up for any multiple of things in the parking lot...prostitution, money, tamales, the list is endless...and this parking lot smells worse then most city dumps I have been to.6. Long lines...like when they are busy plan on making sure your phone is charged to catch up on all your games....typically you can plan on being 5 to 6 carts back waiting...the self check outs are not any faster...and they are not truly self check outs...because there is so much theft in this store...they are somewhat manned by window licking retards for the most part who still have trouble looking for a bar code. 7. Staff...I can honestly say I do not think this location drug tests. Some of the reps in this store look like they are on crack or meth and maybe have been clean for a week or less, there uniforms are almost always dirty, most of them don't wear uniforms, or name tags and it is hard to find an actual employee...and hygiene standard does not exist here. Examples of responses I have gotten when asking an employee here for help:a. I am on my lunch break (my favorite)b. No Habla English...(really...really!)c. I am deaf, I can't help you. (in what sounded like a fake deaf person voice)d. Its not my department.8. Pricing is not accurate...the price on an item will say $1.99 on the shelf, but if you go home and check your receipt carefully you might have gotten charged $2.29 for it. This has happened multiple times...but after going to the customer service line...waited almost 40 minutes till I got to the front...plus the time for them to go check the price on the shelf and come back to customer service...my time was worth more then the .60 cents to get refunded.9. Stuff every where were it shouldn't be. Like yogurt on the dog food shelf, which I am sure eventually gets put back with the rest of the yogurt...GROSS. Expired items being sold in the dairy department...I purchased several packages of Cream Cheese, got home and noticed they had past there expiration date. 10. This Walmart as a whole...this store has not changed, I have lived in Phoenix now for 15 years, and thru out time this place has gotten worse and worse. I would think being a multi-billion dollar company would take a little more pride in its stores...how about the Walton family take a pay cut and hire a few more employees at this location to pick up the slack. I absolutely loathe going here anytime between 10am and 1am...I try to go only for essentials only...usually late late at night when there is not 200 people there...and several times I find myself driving to the North Scottsdale location...which is like night and day compared to this location.Anyhow my points got a little lengthy...to be precise I can sum up this place in 2 words.IT SUCKS!
1	If I could pick ONE word to describe this location, it would be... GROSS. The store, the people who go there, the parking lot, the area, it is just all gross. I would advise everyone to go to the next better one on 101 and Chaparral.
1	I have been to this Walmart four times now, and each time I go, it is never a good experience, not even an acceptable one. I went today, and there was empty shelves in all I'll. They hardly had any stockIt's dirty in there, and none of the employees are happy that they have a job. I know I know, I shouldn't expect too much excitement from a Walmart employee, but still, they don't have to be rudeAvoid this Walmart at all costs, I know I will from now on
5	This Walmart is huge and everything a customer wants is here. My favorite part is coming here on Friday night, yup you read that right. If you want clean, uncluttered, tidy, and white I don't recommend this store. If you are comfortable with the world and all of the people it has to offer this is your place to be.Now for the important stuff...the greeter on Friday nights. Carl is the most energetic, friendly, uplifting, joyful, positive greeter I have ever encountered at a Walmart (and there are several good ones). I patiently wait to leave the store so as not to miss hearing him tell me how glad he is that I came to Walmart tonight; and he really means it. Leave your Walmart expectations at home and venture to my local store with an attitude of gratitude and acceptance. See those 2 star posts over to your right or down below, yup, they are pretty right. The difference is in how we look at things, sense things, and feel things.....and don't forget to look for Walmart's greatest greeter:Carl!(I'm kidding on the valet parking, couldn't help myself)
1	Your 36th St and Thomas has got to be the worst Wal Mart in the world.  While I am sure this is going to fall on deaf ears as all my other complaints will today's terrible experience was your shopping carts.I entered your store on the West side to shop.  There were no baskets available for my small shop so I went for a shopping cart.  15 carts pulled apart later I was able to find one that worked.  Broken, dented, wheels locked trash in them..... come on!!!!! During this whole time there is a greeter 10ft away from me who pretended like he didnt see a thing.  I wont lie... I yelled at the poor guy.  This situation is ridiculous, why are these broken carts being put in the bay for customers if they don't work or are cleaned out? Your greeter should be helping people with carts, not standing there doing nothing. So I shopped quickly and got in the checkout lane as quickly as possible at the worst Wal Mart in the world and the same guy came up to me to apologize and that he notified a manger.  BFD, nothing was being about it, the same broken carts were still sitting there when i walked out.  A little old lady was struggling to find one and I ended up giving her mine.  Not one of your employees... me.  Get your act together please, you are a multi billion dollar company and pay no attention to the worst Wal Mart in the world!
5	Michael and Deanna in the electronic department are great! They were so helpful and provided excellent customer service. Deanna, put the customers needs first and made sure we were taken care of.  I will continue to shop for all of my electronic needs at this wal-mart.
1	Seriously the worst one I've ever been to. You'll get asked for change multiple times before you even get inside.  Not one of the shopping carts will roll smoothly.  They all have huge chunks missing from the wheels. Every time I've asked for help finding something, I've never had anyone actually TRY to help.  There are always huge long lines and I've never seen more than 5 registers open at one time. Once you get to the front of the line, the cashiers are unfriendly.  The management staff obviously doesn't care and is also unhelpful.  I've  witnessed fights in line between customers. This Wal Mart is awful!  I avoid it at all costs.  But sometimes I have to brave it and walk in with my head hung in shame and defeat weighing heavy in my heart. Here goes an hour in line to buy 3 items...
4	I'm not a fan of Walmart by any means and avoid it at all costs. Better quality and prices can be found pretty much everywhere. However, they sell 4 items I can't find anywhere else in this city, as well as some products that are identical to other stores (just larger sizes and still the best price), and given that they're all must-haves in my life, I suck it up periodically and go here. Not gonna lie - it's so huge, I thought I needed a Sherpa the first time I went there. The best time to go is Sunday around 5p while everyone else is home making dinner. And I've yet to wait in a line - I've seen them, but there's always at least one cashier with no one in line. I've already covered 4 miles getting my must-haves, so two extra mins looking for a bored cashier is no biggie. And to the cashier who was ridic patient and smiled the entire time the guy in front of me counted out $14 in change, including pennies, I'd nominate you for sainthood if I could...  ETA - upgraded to 4 stars and here's why; one of my superpower is apparently finding a line with no people in it. The trick is looking for one. It's worth it because there's always at least ONE cashier open just waiting for something to do. I keep forgetting to check in, but I've been here at least 30x in the last 2 months. Not only do they carry my fave hummus in bigger, less costly containers, but also 3 of my fave pre-packaged Hostess and Entemann's goodies (I thought they'd ceased to exist). My self-loathing for supporting this store is off the charts, but my cravings and never waiting in line has overridden the loathing. Almost. One more item and it'll be at 70-30. :)
1	Just called 36th & Thomas location trying to locate a toy. They said I should call in the morning, no one is here to help...what a joke. I hate this Walmart.
1	This place is just unforgivably bad. I don't think they have a single cart that rolls straight, but don't worry: you'll get to try a bunch, starting with the one you'll have to roll out of the way to even be able to park. Not that there isn't plenty of parking, it's just that half of it is either jackhammered up and roped off, blocked by massive herds of roaming carts, or blocked with trees that were blown down weeks ago and never cleared. Don't forget to practice your steely-eyed, stone-faced gaze, or be prepared to part with a lot of change before you hit the front door.Inside, shelves are randomly bare. Items are often shelved above the wrong price, if there's any price even present. The produce is wilted and sad. Three checkout lanes are open for 100 customers ready to leave. Unless you're willing to do your shopping at 3am, this is not the kind of place where you zip in, park, grab a few items, and go home. This is the kind of place where you might as well get a cart full of cheap goods, because shopping here is going to be an *ordeal.*
1	This location is dirty and run down.  I felt unsafe in the parking lot.  The shopping carts are in bad condition.   The checkout lines are always long with maybe 3-4 registers open at a time.  The last time I was there it was so bad I abandoned my cart and left the store.
3	I have not shopped here a lot but never had any sort of problem.  It is a typical Wal-Mart with some things well priced and others that are a little overpriced.You cannot be this big and not run out of many items.Can you imagine being a provider and trying to keep up with Wal-Mart?  Just consider distribution. The messy stores mess was solely created by customers.I do not see the same mess when I go back. At a bookstore the language section has been a mess for years. I see better behavior at Goodwill Industries of Central Az by customers.This store has many positive aspects.
1	This place is crap.  Dirty & unorganized.  I have to have my medicine EVERY day, or have unlimited seizures. Their pharmacy was good with generic Rx. Then, at the LAST minute (when I come to pickup my name-brand Rx), Walmart gave me NO notice, they said it was "ready 4 pickup"... Then, "oh I'm sorry, we don't have ur meds, u have to find them somewhere else"-----WHAT?!?!?! guess I'm having seizures today, cuz I have no medicine.   THANKS FOR NOTHING!!!! WALMART BULLSHIT PHARMACY!!!
1	First off, I'm not a huge fan of Walmart to begin with. However, being the poor college student that I am, the prices and convenience that the store offers is pretty unbeatable.Having said that, I've been to plenty of different Walmarts across the valley. This one is by far the worst one I've ever been to. The place is a dump, the staff is awful and unprofessional, kids are always running around and screaming, other customers (probably the kids' parents) are completely rude and don't pay attention to anyone else nor know the phrase "excuse me" or "sorry", and a lot of the inventory is rarely restocked. (For example, ever since my boyfriend and I got a dog 4 months ago, if a store has a pet section, I always take a stroll through to check it out... That's a whole different problem haha. Anyways, in the past 4+ months, the dog aisle has always looked like a tornado blew through it and the leash/collar display and inventory has been pathetic. I honestly don't think it's been restocked once in the past few months.)As I mentioned, this walmart is hands down the worst one I've ever been to. I keep telling myself I won't go back there, but the location is way too convenient for me. Every time I go there though, it's an awful experience. I can honestly go on for hours about how awful it is.I don't even really like writing reviews, and I try my best not to complain. I work in a hospital, which entails good customer service. So, I often try to give workers the benefit of the doubt when I'm the customer (such as a worker having a bad day). I gave this place one star only because I had to. Otherwise, I would say it deserves NO stars. The only reasons why I'm writing this are to 1. Warn others about how disgusting this Walmart is and advise against going there if you have other choices, and 2. Maybe some type of managerial person and/or corporate employee will read this and investigate how terrible one of their establishments is. (And maybe some of #3. That I'm in a venting mood)If you've made it this far in my review, congrats! Maybe you share my disgust for this Walmart location, or maybe you genuinely are trying to research a department/grocery store in this area. Either way, if at least one other person reads this rant in its entirety, I'll be happy.
1	Stopped to get some donuts for my kids bday.  Bought a tub of the frosted and chocolate.  Picked my kid up from school and she said the donuts were moldy.  I was like, what??  I checked em out and some of the frosted donuts were moldy.  I couldn't believe this cause the expiration tag was sell by 12/11/2014 and I bought these on 12/2/2014.  pretty nasty just like this store.
1	I shopped at this walmart for a few years now and last night it was the worst experience i have ever had in ANY walmart.    It's a MONDAY night..... MONDAY... i shop on a weekday to avoid the Friday, Saturday and Sunday crowds.  But for some reason the Walmart manager last night was out in a storage room doing his mistress while the check out line was majorly backed up.   I was in one lane and the cashier yelled, "This lane is closed now", Okay go to the next lane.  The cashier in that lane said" This lane is closed".  WTF.  I said " Forget it". I pushed my cart towards the food isle and left it.  I walked out of the store.  I will email Walmart Corporate about this store bad customer service, but i doubt anything will be done about it. lol
1	I shopped at this walmart for a few years now and last night it was the worst experience i have ever had in ANY walmart. It's a MONDAY night..... MONDAY... i shop on a weekday to avoid the Friday, Saturday and Sunday crowds.  But for some reason the Walmart manager last night was out in a storage room doing his mistress while the check out line was majorly backed up. I was in one lane and the cashier yelled, "This lane is closed now", Okay go to the next lane.  The cashier in that lane said" This lane is closed".  WTF.  I said " Forget it". I pushed my cart towards the food isle and left it.  I walked out of the store.I will email Walmart Corporate about this store bad customer service, but i doubt anything will be done about it. lol
1	On vacation, and the closest 24 hour Walmart was this one.I echo what people said about people walking around looking like zombies in the parking lot. At least, in the places where carts weren't blocking the place. I don't know if it was because it was late at night or what but it was a mess out there, and I've never seen so many trashy people in one parking lot before... here I thought the Panorama City Walmart in California was bad; compared to this, it was wonderful!When I checked out half the lines were blocked off for floor sweeping, but also... NONE of the lights were on for open checkout aisles, and I had to flag down a manager to help me. I actually felt bad for the manager guy because he was checking out a deranged person before me who was babbling about somebody with white hair.In any event, I was very uncomfortable here. The only positive things were that it was open 24 hours and that it was cheap.
1	Worst store ever!  I understand how it to be poor but being poor doesn't mean you don't need to have respect.  People pushing, kids screaming & workers lined up washing your car down.  It is dirty and the workers are rude.
1	I should have not expected anything less from Walmart but this particular Walmart is beyond crap,  giving it a one star is even a miracle.  The staff is incompetent, emotionless,  &  even rude. Went in for a ticket pick-up from Ticketmaster which they don't do anymore but it's still advertised. I called to make sure &  was told to go to the back of the store where online purchase pick-up is at, well that department sends me to customer service (which had a long ass line with 2 workers) so when I finally get up there I'm told they don't do it. Fucking wasted my time.
