2	I wanted to like this place, I really did.  I had heard good things about it and was looking forward to going there, maybe I just built it up too much.  Maybe I hit on an off night.  The decor was pretty cool, if a little random (local art is great, but not everybody likes nude portraits while they eat).  Overall it was funky and I liked the bar area, but what the hell is going on with the toilet paper hanging from the ceiling.  It's hard to think of anything less desirable than to feel like you're in a giant toilet (think trainspotting).  Maybe its to make it feel like a dive bar, but leave that to EB's.My real beef, however, was with the food, I had the she-crab soup and crawfish etoufee.  The soup was spicy but didn't have any depth to it, just kind of hot for the sake of being hot.  Same thing with the etouffee, peppery but no real flavor.  And I know people are going to read the cabo review and think I have OCD, but the etouffee rice was either dried and hard or uncooked and hard.  For god's sake people it's not difficult, I cook rice all the freakin time.  If it's hard, don't send it out!!!  People don't want to eat that!  I'm at the point where I'm just going to boycott rice altogether, it's going to be tough, my sushi choices will be limited, but goddamn it, this is what it has come to!  Do you see what you've done people?!?!  Are you happy?? Sorry for the rant, back to the review:  All in all the service was good, the people were friendly, and I would go back to drink and probably give the food another shot, just hold the rice.
3	We are a tough crowd, being homesick New Orleanians. So with that in mind, we sometimes need at least a reminder of a few dishes we've been unable to make here. We've visited now 3 times, and each time we had a friendly waiter and they had Abita, and even once, Dixie in a bottle, which sent my husband over the moon (beer, for the uninitiated). Their Bloody Mary's were also pretty good. I have ordered oysters twice, once was great, the other had to be sent back b/c they were underfried. Their french bread, which they get from a local bakery, is spot on. The way it should be. Crunchy and light, not doughy and sweet. If you go, be sure to order a po-boy. It's pretty authentic. However, I would stay away from "etoufee" or anything that when not in New Orleans takes a decidedly tourist take on the dish. We took our children for Mardi Gras dinner, and they enjoyed it, even if the waiters had no idea why our children wanted to throw beads at them. The atmosphere was comfortable and very New Orleans, and they had coffee with chicory, difficult to find even in the best of circumstances outside the city limits of NOLA. So please, do yourself a favor and get fully caffinated before you leave. Even if it's after dinner. It's no ordinary coffee. You'll be pleased with your pep. I give three stars -- one missing for oddly cooked food on occasion and lack of attention to detail on some dishes; one simply because I know I'm not at home when I eat here.
4	Great location for this Cajun eatery and bar. Cozy and spacious, if that makes sense....Get reservations if you have a large party, they will accommodate, but bring a flask because drink service is sloooooooowwww.Food came out fast and hot which was nice for a large party like ours. The shrimp & grits was seasoned very well and pretty darn tasty. Not very spicy and slightly monotone in flavor, but not bad. They do well with their fish, as the blackened catfish was excellent. Lots of items to choose from; but kinda disappointed there were no buckets of crawdads to order. They make up for that with tons of specialty drinks, most were yummy and fruity for the ladies.I would definitely try it again.
4	Still the best place to eat in NODA!  The food never disappoints.  The service is streaky.  Get an Oyster Po' Boy and catch a show at the Neighborhood Theater.
5	I've had a few great dinners here, but my favorite was a night out with one of my best girlfriends when she was visiting. We rode around a bit uptown looking for something good, and then we headed out to NoDa when we exhausted our options. I had the Vegeletta sandwich, and she had the blackened catfish. The food was great. Our server was funny, but he also left us alone when he saw that we were having a good time. We had my laptop with me, and we jumped on the Smelly Cat's internet connect and watched R. Kelly's "Real Talk" video on Youtube. We were sitting near the window out front, so we could watch the crowd pass by. We giggled and ate, and it was awesome.
4	Great brunch! Love the Bloody Marys. Not fancy shmancy at all. This is the cool lil' arts district of Charlotte which they are trying to expand. Must try the creole shrimp and grits, and the alligator.
3	I really wish I liked seafood because much of the Cajun menu at Boudreaux's involves seafood and my boyfriend loves the place. Plus, with Mellow Mushroom gone, there just aren't all that many restaurants in NoDa anymore. Still, Boudreaux's is really good. I often get the blackened burger with blue cheese. It's pretty delicious though the very onion-y bun is kind of overwhelming. The New Orleans/Mardi Gras-themed restaurant is a fun place with a good vibe. They also serve up a good brunch menu.
4	This was my second trip to Boudreaux's. This time i was much more satisfied than the first trip (not that it was a bad 1st trip). Maybe my Cajun expectations were lower this time after being disappointed at the Cajun Queen a few days ago. i went with the jambalaya as per usual and was very satisfied. Served with some cornbread, i had enough leftovers for tomorrow's lunch. My friend had some spicy noodle dish, i can't remember the name. He enjoyed it, said it didn't seem too southern and wasn't as spicy as advertised, but good.   We went right after they opened (11 am) for an early lunch and were the only people there, so the service was attentive. 2 entrees, 2 drinks =22 bucks plus tip
4	I'm usually not a big fan of Cajun Cuisine, but Boudreaux's Louisiana Kitchen knocked my socks off. Came here for a nice brunch on a lazy Sunday morning.  The restaurant reminds you of a "modern shack" you might find near the shores of the Louisiana Bayou.  Multi-colored beads are hung all around with a chalkboard eloquently displaying current specials. That morning there was a lovely jazz duo playing some tunes which complimented by $2 mimosa quite well.  We ordered the shrimp and grits, tasso ham and cheedar grits.  My shrimp and grits were pretty good but the chef could have went easy on the amount of celery and onions he put in there.  Either way, it came with a lovely wine sauce on top of the creamy grits.  Shrimps were plentiful and were plump and tasty.  The tasso ham was so flavorful that I wish bits of them came in my shrimp and grits.  Cheddar grits were good but let's face it, it's kind of hard to mess up cheddar grits.There were a mix of people there including a table of what appeared to be college-aged kids with a really loud female in the group.  Luckily they left about 15 mins after we arrived.  There were also families and couples.  Real cute.  This is definitely a nice spot to take a date when you're getting to know each other (fellas, hint, hint!)Service was quick and cordial.  The manager will come out to make sure you're doing good which is always a nice touch in my opinion. After you're done eating, go check out some of the nearby boutiques.
4	We ate at Boudreaux's during our Noda Gallery Crawl (I will mention we chose the coldest week of the year to go--d'oh!), and it was a warm welcome after our chilly tour.  The staff is really friendly and attentive.The food is also wonderful!  I had the shrimp and grits, which was awesome! One of my favorite parts of the dish was the celery, which added a nice crunch. The shrimp and sausage were both very yummy, and the grits were a good consistency. My hubby got the red beans and rice (this man loves him some red beans and rice) and said that it was done right.  "Tough to imagine it better."  Our friend got the jambalaya, and also said that it was really great. He didn't finish it, but I think he doesn't eat a lot at one time.Also, the cornbread was very tasty!  All in all, it was a great experience--food was delish, all for about $9-$14 a dish. Next time I will try something off of their bloody mary menu--they have a cool thing going on there!
3	After a gluttonous weekend, we decided to walk to Boudreaux's for our Sunday morning recovery food.  Well, most of us did, but we split up so that some of us took a car and put our name in.  When we asked for 10, the hostess looked quite worried, even when we said we'd sit separately, and advised us to call ahead next time.  Is this really a problem, when only three tables in the place have customers?  But by the time we were seated and everyone got there, the restaurant was packed, and there was a line out the door!  So take her advice: for large parties, call ahead.I could really get to like this place, at least the bar.  $2.50 Mimosas on Sundays!  Woohoo!  The server was very friendly, and took our orders for beverages, even though she couldn't legally serve us for 20 minutes.  Sure enough, as soon as noon rolled around, we saw the bartender making our order.  They were pretty good mimosas, especially for $2.50.I was going to go with the Croissant Florentine (eggs Florentine on a croissant), but opted instead for the special omelet (shrimp, chevre, asparagus, spinach, tomatoes).  I was glad that I'd avoided the Croissant Florentine because they'd used frozen spinach, but I wasn't thrilled with the omelet, since the eggs were overcooked, making the whole thing chewy.  I wish I could have just gotten those toppings on scrambled eggs.  The portions were HUGE, particularly for the biscuits and gravy.  While the food wasn't great, I think that had more to do with my tastes and poor ordering on my part.  The staff was wonderful with that relaxed Cajun vibe permeating the air.  I will definitely go back, but I'll be trying some of the Cajun classics instead of the omelets.
5	I was soooo happy to have found this place before I started cooking some  gumbo! I had my mothers reciepe written down and everything. I searched and I thought hmm this place maybe good.I walked inside and if felt like I was back home - home away from home. The music touched my soul. I ate some gumbo and it was delicious and my fiance cleaned his bowl too!! Some truly good authentic Cajun/Creole food!
4	There's not much else to add about this NoDa favorite that hasn't already been said. If you get here on a Friday night around 6 its' a great place before taking in the gallery crawl. Recently I was here again with some friends. Last time I had the Gator Bites which are good but more of a novelty than a signature dish you should order time and time again.I was reminded why its such a favorite, laid back casual atmosphere and excellent food at a fair price. A friend of mine who was a New Orleans native recommended getting the Beignets as they were as close to authentic one could get in this area. Alas I've never had them as they are only available at brunch.On this visit I ordered the Shrimp Po' Boy. It was delicious, it was filling, the only complaint I had that the size of the bread was so large that it was very difficult to actually eat it.
3	Me and one of my friends visited Boudreaux's last month after an evening yoga class in the neighborhood.  It was a rainy, cold Thursday evening, so the place wasn't busy.  Unfortunately, we were immediately struck by the VERY THICK haze and stench of cigarette smoke.  My friend ordered the black-bean veggie burger with a side of potato salad and I ordered the shrimp po'boy with a side of fries.  We were both shocked by the large portions of both of our meals.The seasoning on my fries was a tad stronger than I like but not overwhelming.  The bread was lightly toasted and very thick which made eating the sandwich a little difficult.However, my friend commented on the fact that her veggie burger had the texture and taste of a regular beef burger! Also, she noted that her potato salad was very satisfying and delicious.Although our meals were very enjoyable, having to deal with the thick stench of smoke put a major damper on everything else. Also, our waitress didn't appear to be all that interested in providing much service to our table.  I hear good things about their brunch menu, so I would be willing to try them again during the day. Hopefully, the next time I go it will be on a nice day so I can sit outside and not have to worry about cigarette smoke interfering with my meal.
4	Mimosa, gumbo and cornbread.Mimosa--:-)Gumbo--the meat was so lovely and tender, I ate it all first and then kind of looked and picked around my rice, wishing for more. Cornbread--the sweet kind. Actually could have used a bit of salt to enhance the flavor. I grew up having cast-iron skillet cornbread, dense and crusty and not a hint of sugar. Love sweet cornbread, but as a fan of kettle corn, my ideal now includes both tastes at once. The service was kind and leisurely. I was sad that the beignets are only on Saturday and Sunday...note that the mimosas are cheaper on Sunday.
1	Wow, how is it possible for a Cajun place to have so little flavor? Everything here was completely bland, uninspired, and barely resembled the amazing food that comes out of New Orleans. I've seriously had better Lean Cuisines than what we ordered. It probably didn't help that we came a few days before Christmas, originally planning to eat at Revolution Pizza across the street, but having to settle on Boudreaux's because Revolution was closed for the holidays. As soon as we walked in you could feel the nasty cigarette smoke in the air (http://www.flickr.com/photos/wedoitforlove/4385694117/in/set-72157623503537096/), I definitely do not miss that about North Carolina restaurants.After waiting well over 10 minutes, someone finally came by our table to bring us some water, but they didn't take our order. We waited another 10 minutes to at least see a waiter, and I finally got impatient, went over the bar, and asked who the hell we could give our order to because we had stuff to do besides sit around in an empty restaurant. Apparently there was some confusion over who was supposed to take our table, and instead of figuring out which of them should do it they though the best course of action was to ignore us completely, not smart.Since we were already delayed a good bit due to the slow service, I decided to only get one appetizer for the table, the gator bites. I really love the flavor and texture of gator when cooked properly, and my mom or Nicole had never had it before, so I wanted them to try it as well. The pieces we got were pretty miniscule (http://www.flickr.com/photos/wedoitforlove/4385694465/in/set-72157623503537096/), and the plate as a whole wasn't much in size or appearance. They basically charge you for novelty, and then make it as generic as possible. In fact, the pieces were so small, some bites wound up being more breading than meat, really sad. The cajun "mayeaux" was also far too creamy, and too much mayo and not enough cajun.I ordered the shrimp and crawfish etouffe as my main lunch item, as I generally love anything cooked in a good roux. This was another tragic failure. The shrimp were not cooked properly, and the crawfish was virtually missing. The roux was a sloppy mess (http://www.flickr.com/photos/wedoitforlove/4386459240/in/set-72157623503537096/), and even the cornbread was doughy instead of crumbly. Worst of all, there was NO flavor, it tasted so horribly bland. Etouffee is supposed to be one of the crown jewels of Creole cuisine and they butchered it.My mom ordered the blackened chicken salad, which sadly was probably the best thing at the table, but unfortunately it too was still lacking any solid flavors. How you manage to cook something "blackened" and leave it devoid of any charred or spicy flavors is beyond me, but it looked like they just rubbed some red pepper on and prepared it normally. I didn't even bother trying Nicole's oyster po'boy, because the baguette was completely ruined (http://www.flickr.com/photos/wedoitforlove/4385695997/in/set-72157623503537096/). The bread was practically crunching off like charcoal with each bite she took, and the oysters themselves were tiny and fried for entirely too long. The fries were edible, but overcooked as well, and probably sitting for a while because they weren't very warm.How much of this horrible meal was due to it being Christmas week and them probably understaffed and under-enthused about having to work I'm not really sure, and I honestly don't care. If you're going to be open you should treat every day the same, and give customers the same quality of service you normally would, otherwise give everyone a 50% discount for your 50% effort.
5	My family loves this restaurant! It is located in Charlotte's arts district, NoDa. Boudreaux's is a delicious restaurant serving an array of Cajun food. Their fries are delicious, and they also make a mean vegetarian jambalaya (but its a special, and sadly not always on the menu). I don't eat meat, but I've heard that if you want seafood in Charlotte this is one of the best places to go!The staff is friendly and attentive. Order the strawberry beer!
5	Absolute best place in Charlotte for Cajun food.  Beats Cajun Queen by a mile!  I have been here numerous times for dinner and had brunch there recently where I enjoyed Mimosa specials and Beignets!  Reminds me so much of Naw'lins!  I LOVE THIS PLACE!
5	Damn good food.  Etoufee is great, same with gumbo.  Good beer selection.  Daily specials.  You can get some of the dishes at the bar next door.
5	AmaZing flavorful food in a colorful atmosphere. Will definitely come again and again.
3	Boudreaux's is a chain that has only one other location...in Blacksburg, Virginia, which is such a culinarily bereft location that for nearly six years, I went there quite a lot.  Among the faculty at Virginia Tech, Boudreaux's was known as "The Best Restaurant in Town".  And truly, a big bowl of their seafood gumbo at that location was a pretty satisfying thing, though nothing to write home about.  In Charlotte, though, they have a lot more competition.  I was in there recently and had corn chowder (thick and cheesy) and fried oysters (I know, right?) and rolled out feeling kind of bloated.  Anyway, my feelings about Boudreaux's are mixed, but they're pretty convenient if, say, you have to pick someone up at the train station and get them something halfway-decent to eat right away and it's after 9.
5	Boudreaux's is my favorite Charlotte restaurant. I've tried half of their specialty dinners and have not been disappointed with any that I have tried. Recommendations would be to try the jambalaya, etouffee, and catfish mulatte. The soups are all fantastic. Definitely try this restaurant in NoDa!
4	Good spot.  The Jambalaya is great and the service is excellent.  I'd agree with other posters that this is a more refined toned down cajun fare, but still good.  It was nice to be close to the rest of NoDa (galleries and bars) for some pre and post entertainment.
3	Eh - where's the flavor?We walked in here pretty early on a Saturday - roughly 5:30ish. The place was pretty empty but as we were seated all the of the sudden the room filled up. There was one waiter for a long time and then finally a second waiter showed up. The service (although super busy) was very friendly and efficient. We ordered the crab bruschetta, the jerk chicken sandwich, and the mahi mahi mulate. While the prices are fair (pretty cheap actually) the food is exactly what you pay for. The crab bruschetta thing was ok - no flavor and the texture reminded me of something from a can. The jerk chicken sandwich was blah - I literally just ate the chicken (which had NO spice or flavor...I thought this was a JERK chicken sandwich??) as the bread was too hard to bite into (stale?). The Mulate was pretty good - the etouffe was good but nothing memorable. The best part was probably the fries that came with the sandwich. Overall - blah blah blah. Nothing was awful but nothing was good enough to make me come back.
4	Before Cabo Fish Taco expanded into more space... the wait used to be ridiculous.  What would normally happen was that we'd go to NoDa craving Cabo, but then end up at Boudreaux's.  The thought was that we could grab a hurricane and then come back when our table at Cabo was ready.  Needless-to-say we never made it to Cabo whenever we went to Boudreaux's.  The ettoufee is my favorite here... great and unique spot for Charlotte.  Haven't gotten to try a lot of the menu items yet, but I will definitely be up to the challenge of getting to know all the items personally.Usually for NoDa... end up parking on the street... it's worked out most of the time.  Gallery crawl nights make it more challenging, but still doable.
4	Wow, something out of this world! Very good southern cajun and creole cooking! The Shrimp and Grits was delicious, The Po'boy out of this world, and even the cajun dip for an appetizer was so good! If you are looking to try something new this is the place to go!
5	I will start by saying that I rarely rate at five stars. However, I must for Boudreaux's. I visited the restaurant for the first time for lunch with my coworkers and was extremely satisfied. If you are unfamiliar with the NoDa district (as am I) you may pass by this place without second thought. However, don't miss out. My meal consisting of catfish, collards, and sweet potato fries was phenomenal! However, I must note that my coworker ordered alligator bites as an appetizer, and I was less than impressed. It was not seasoned very well and was a bit chewy for gator. I can only rate based upon the one meal that I had. But so far, so good!   : )
5	Brunch is da bomb. Dinner is great. Lunch is intriguing. Have been here with at least 4 different groups of friends, and no one was disappointed. None of us could finish the more than ample portions, and the drinks/beer menu were good. This is a perennial favorite for eating anytime.
4	There are some times when my taste buds want to feel like they are on a vaycay to NOLA without having to go any farther than NoDa, for those times there is Boudreaux's.They have a solid menu, ranging from Po' Boy sandwiches to full on, dig-your-heals-in entrees. The bf swears by the Jambalaya. I'm more of a Shrimp & Grits gal myself. Honestly though, I've never had a bad dish there so feel free to go with what speaks to you. If it happens to be Sunday, I tempt you (well THEY tempt you) with brunch between 11:30-3. Stop by, order up a cajun bloody mary and enjoy the soulful sounds of the vibes player (or whoever they have performing this week).Last time we were there Boudreaux's was surprisingly empty and for the life of me I can't see why. The server was sweet, the food was, as always, tasty and they Hurricanes were half price. Charlotte, get on in to Boudreaux's next time you are craving some cajun and laissez les bons temps rouler.
3	Again, my Creole nose is tuned to the hunt to satisfy my craving for that perfect po'boy, that savory gumbo. Boudreaux was third on my list for my Cajun fancy, and I found myself there on Saturday night with a friend. There was about a 10 minute wait for a seat, which wasn't bad at all. An absolutely lovely first Bloody Mary experience. Though the presentation was nothing like what Yelp's gorgeous picture provides, it was still smooth, yet hot and spicy. Good stuff, I would get another.There was a bit of an awkward moment. My Cajun unicorn is a fried oyster po'boy. Never managed to have one, and have always been denied at the last minute. This was no exception. Upon ordering, my waiter got a very sad, contemplative look on his face, informing me that due to the tragedy of the gulf oil spill, there were no more oysters. I stared at him incredulously, then slowly turned my eyes down to the Creative Loafing magazine I had open, to the page that advertised the largest oyster festival in the world that happened in Myrtle Beach that very day. Our eyes met and he had that panicked, feverish look that waitstaff sometimes get when they're fervently praying that you don't call them out on something.So I didn't. I got a damn shrimp po'boy instead. [Miraculously, though the oysters were doomed, the shrimp managed to survive. Well... except for the ones on my sandwich.]Incredulousness aside, the po'boy was pretty good. Huuuuuge roll, but it was soft, so there wasn't any bread stabbing painfully into my gums as I ate. Plenty of shrimp, so I guess my only lament would be that I wish the remoulade was tangier, or rather, tangy at all.I got the potato salad as a side, which didn't disappoint. Sweeter than most potato salads, but great herb flavor and just the right amount of creamy.My friend got the bourbon chicken, which she tells me would have been great if it wasn't so salty. It seemed to put her off her meal and she only managed to eat part of it.All in all, I think I'd be back again to sample some gumbo when all is said and done. However, I need to tack off the rest of the restaurants on my Cajun bucket list'o Charlotte before I return here.
4	The shrimp and grits were great...great atmosphere
4	They have the most amazing shrimp and grits in the QC! They actually cook it with trinity which makes it so amazing and flavorful!Just read Jules review so sorry to hear they actually poured sweet tea on you! WOW! The only time I have gone to Boudreaux's has been during the work week for lunch and it's a nice break from the uptown eats in Charlotte and not to far since it's in Noda. Didn't have to wait to be seated. Usually if you're in Noda on the weekend your bound to have a wait at any of the restaurants.
5	As both myself, many friends and my boyfriend have all been servers in many establishments, we all tend to notice a bit more than your average customer. Not so much because we want to (sometimes it takes a LOT away from a dining experience), but because we were trained to. Generally, when I go out with my boyfriend we get lackluster service. I don't know if it's the combination of our 20-something age and generally casual appearance or the fact that we don't really try to ask much or seem to require attention. Either way, we've been searching for a decent place with attentive, but not obtrusive service that has good food absolutely NOTHING LIKE a chain restaurant. We found it. I found Boudreaux's on yelp while searching for something, anything new. All the reviews were helpful and mostly accurate. We headed down there and it was easy to find. Parking nearby costs $3 if you're a pansy like me and don't feel like parallel parking a Buick. There's a little box that you shove some dollar bills into and I'm ASSUMING someone checks it, but who knows. Maybe it's just an honor system. We sat in the front room behind the garage like door that connected one of the dining areas to the patio. It was open, the sun was beautiful, the breeze was nice. Once it got chilly, the server closed it. Our server was polite, but not stuffy, friendly, but not overly talkative. The best part of dining in a non-chain restaurant is that the servers are not under penalty if they don't immediately try to offer you 3 beverages, an appetizer and up sell the special. They're more inclined to tell you the special, trust you to READ the menu and answer any questions you may have honestly without sweating bullets because they have a mental checklist of things they HAVE to say. If so inclined they might tell you THEIR favorite, but it's not a forced speech. That is what we got. Perfection. Nothing forced, no worries on those pesky shoppers. The Food: We ordered the Shrimp & Grits (couldn't resist) and the Shrimp Creole Rotini. I can honestly say the Shrimp Rotini was one of the best things I've eaten in years. There's an obvious bite to both dishes w/o overpowering the whole dish and both were served with delicious cornbread. Also, they have many different hurricanes, but we only tried the category five which was fruity, but strong and absolutely perfect. The very next day I was craving some more Boudreaux. The atmosphere was so laid back, the food was so good, the service was so fantastic and relaxed, but on point. I ended up dragging along a friend, trekking up to NoDa and doing it all over again. This time we got the Gator Bites (delicious spicy mayo) and I was feeling the fried shrimp. Still delicious, still great service, still good hurricanes, still love it. My boyfriend told me that that area (I'm still slightly new to Charlotte) didn't use to be so filled with funky little places and interesting restaurants. He said a lot of them fail too. When we asked our server how long they'd been open he told us ELEVEN years. Now that's what I like to hear. That means that without all the bells and whistles and fancy stuff, this place has survived solely because it has soul. Good management, I assume, great food and no pretense. It makes sense. I wish I lived right next door to this place. They'd get tired of me sitting there downing their delicious cooking, reading Creative Loafing and sipping on Hurricanes. I can't wait to try the Cajun Mary.
3	Went for lunch today...not as good as last time. The server was wonderful and tried his best to accommodate us but the shrimp and grits wasn't as good as last time. The grits were just to thick and starchy. I give the service a 4 star and the food a 2 star.  My coworkers had both remembered having the veggie burger before and remembering it to be a little more moist. Also, it was a little cold in the middle. Not writing off Bourdreaux's for good they just need to work on being more consistent with the food. Oh... and they only had one other table besides us at lunch so no excuses about being busy.
1	Decided to stop in after reading all of the wonderful reviews was extremely disappointed the meal was so awful I didn't even attempt to finish it money wasted!!
5	Seriously one of my favorite eats in Charlotte. Service is always quick, food is always delicious, nice beer selection, great ambiance. I can't really comment on their seafood because I don't eat any but their other dishes are always excellent. They have a ridiculously tasty brunch on weekends. My in-laws love this place so much they request we eat here every time they're in town. It's become a tradition. :)
3	Hubby and I went here last night, because I saw a shrimp po'boy that was in New Orleans on t.v. and had to have one. So I turned to Yelp to find the best options for a Po'boy.  Well Boudreaux was close to the house, so we decided to go there. When we arrived, we stood at the front desk for about 5 minutes before we were sat. There as only two people that was working the floor that night, the bartender and the server. There was about four or five tables including a party of 8-10, so I think that there should have been at least another server on the floor. So was in a hurry and very distant, which did not bother us much since he did provide great service and besides we were ready to eat anyway without all of the extra details. Of course I ordered the Shrimp Po'Boy and my hubby ordered the Blackened Bleu Burger. After ordering, it was about 15 minutes when we received our food.First everything came out great and looked good, but my shrimp was sat on top of my po'boy, just waiting to fall off. I hate having to maneuver my food to my mouth. Three of the shrimp fell off onto the table, which I still ate and gave my hubby a chance to steal one, I just wished that they would have constructed the sandwich a bit better. Also a little spice would have been great . The fries was fantastic!! My hubby burger was good too, and the pasta salad was just meh, nothing special.Overall the food was good, but nothing that transferred us to New Orleans.
4	I have not been in a while and should not have waited so long to go back. I was very pleased with my meal. I ordered the special: lump crab meat and shrimp over angel hair pasta. My friend ordered the shrimp po boy and the bread looked delicious. I may have that next time. The service and atmosphere were great: all the loud yuppies must have been at Cabo Fish Taco
5	Great great great Sunday brunch!  Their cajun (bloody) mary's are to die for!!!!!!! Biscuits and gravy were excellent along with Charleston grits and cup of fruit!!
1	This was the worst.  Service was horrible.  Came in on a Wednesday night at 8:00 very few people in the restaurant.  Waitress acted like we bothering her by asking about items on the menu- which should be expected by new customers.  Hubby asked if there was anything on the menu with a white creamy Alfredo type sauce waitress said no.  He ordered something else and I ordered shrimp and grits.  I went to the bathroom and on the wall the special of the day was shrimp Alfredo?!?!  Hubby changed order to special.  My hubby enjoyed the shrimp Alfredo though it was by no means the best he's ever had.  The shrimp and grits were GROSS.  How do you have grits that are not cheesy and half cooked to the point of crunchiness?!?!?  I have been to Louisiana and had Louisiana real quisine-and this was not it.
3	I have eaten at Boudreaux's a couple of times for lunch and while the food was pretty good, it was not extraordinary.  On my first visit, I just went with a Shrimp po boy and fries.  It was good, but not the best Po Boy I've eaten.  On my second visit, I went with the Shrimp creole.  I liked it better than my first meal here, but overall, I prefer the food at Cajun Queen. Both of my visits were at lunch during the week, so we did not have a long wait and our service was a-ok.  I am not sure I would want to fight the crowds to come here for dinner on a weekend though since I have heard it gets really packed then.
3	Bayou cooking has everything my little heart desires.  Seafood (especially that of the shelled variety), spice, and plenty of rice!  I never met a gumbo I didn't adore.  Truly.Boudreax's is a nice break from the downtown Charlotte restaurant scene.  If you've never been to NoDa--you must check it out.  I haven't spent nearly enough time in this neck of the woods. I have eaten at Boudreax's twice for brunch.  Both times, I didn't leave disappointed.  However, I wasn't "wowed" the way I hoped I would be.About 5 years ago, I went to Baton Rouge and had my first beignet.  My life hasn't been the same since.  The beignets at Boudreax's are nothing close to the crispy, sweet, drippy, fried dough ball dusted in powdered sugar I had in LA.  Instead, these were dry and bland. Described as "hot pockets with nothing in them" --the words didn't come out of my mouth.Anyway, skip the beignets.  I do recommend the eggs benedict.  The cheddar cheese grits (extra $1) are AMAZING.  Yes.  Get those.  And the home fries are perfectly dark and just crispy enough.The atmosphere is very laid back and warm.  There was live music when I was there which was a nice touch.  I prefer Cajun Queen to Boudreax's, but then again I have only dined in for brunch.
4	Boudreau's compares with the better and best casual New Orleans establishments, serving a wide selection of Cajun/Creole recipes that did not let us down in any way.Good to get out of Charlotte business district and experience the neighborhoods which have not been bulldozed by the big banks.  Travelling to Charlotte: rent a car and visit the community.
2	This place is alright, and I'm not even from the South.  A certain restaurant in California has better food then Boudreaux's.  The gumbo soup was thick and almost like a paste when it should have been soupy.  The etouffe looked like some kind of an Asian dish, with it's near orange consistency and watered down taste.  The balsamic vinegar dressing for their house salad was so acidic that it burnt my girlfriend's throat that she had to ask for something else.  The only that was was really quite good were the crawfish/spinach/cheese chips dip.  Absolutely delighted with the way it tasted!  But other than that I will probably not be returning to this restaurant again.
4	I went here with a social group. The food was decent. [The pork chop was great, but nothing out of the ordinary]Atmosphere: The atmosphere was a bit dingy, appearing to be shooting for culture it didn't haveService: It was a little slower than desired, but it wasn't bad.
5	This is the spot for the best Cajun food in Charlotte.  The shrimp creole is delicious and you can't go wrong with the jambalaya.  There are plenty of great drink options including a variety of hurricanes.  The atmosphere is laid back and totally reflective of NoDa. Dinner here followed by a show at Neighborhood Theatre makes for a fantastic night.
4	I went with a group of five to have Sunday dinner prior to catching James Lastra performing at the Evening Muse which is just across the street.They have nice selection of cajun/creole on the menu. I had the shrimp and crawfish etoufee. It was good, but I didn't care for abundance of uncooked celery.Everyone liked what they had and we all shared some of the She Crab soup for an appetizer, it was really good.The service was fair, even though it was slow for a Sun evening.
1	We went here for my husband's birthday.  The place was dead cause it was a Monday at 5.  The waitress asked us 5 times what our drink orders were: 5 sweet teas...sooooo hard to remember especially with maybe 15 ppl in the restraunt.  I had the seafood gumbo and being from Louisiana that was the worst excuse of gumbo I've ever put in my mouth.  Thick and gloopy with what was definatly frozen seafood.  The corn bread was dry and cakey.  The rest of our party was equally not impressed with the food.  Almost immediatly after the meal I felt sick.
4	Good gumbo. A bit thick but still worth the price. Shrimp po boy was fried lightly and delicious.  Definitely go again
2	As a neighborhood spot...I have tried and tried and tried to find something I like here.I have just never experienced a dish that I found to be tasty or worth the money. I don't remember having exceptional service there either. Is been awhile since I've gone, that I honestly don't remember much else. Clearly it was so lackluster that I haven't even tried to go back since. Unfortunately its not one of the places in the neighborhood I recommend. Sorry...just the truth. /
4	A definite favorite. Start off with a couple Vieux Carres (very much like a Manhattan). Excellent pour. Just love the etouffee - loaded with crawfish and a huge portion to boot!  Very casual and warm kind of place. Friendly service as contrasted by the rude service at the Crepe Cellar just down the street. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone.
5	This place is FANTASTIC!  I ate here for Sunday brunch - the bloody mary bar was the best I have ever seen and 1/2 off for top shelf vodka (grey goose, ketel one, etc).  The mimosas are $2.50 and also absolutely delicious.  I ordered the muffaletta which was very good but the jambalaya...oh my goodness.  Please order the jambalaya!  I can't wait to go back and (1) drink more alcohol, and (2) try the gumbo.
5	I used to live in Charlotte and I've always loved this place.  My ex indulged me and took me here while I was here on business.  I love spicy food and the fact that this place looks a little dive-y lends to it's charm.  I have never had a bad meal here and I've had plenty.  Their cornbread is outstanding and their drink selection--especially the wine choices-- are right on target.  Their vegetarian dishes are great and I've always enjoyed their crawfish, too.  My ex had a great smoky rotini dish and although I don't like any other pasta other than whole wheat, I couldn't keep my fork away from his leftovers when he wasn't looking.
4	The food here is very flavorful. I had a party of 18 people here for my birthday and everyone loved their meals. I had the bourbon fried chicken and it was yummy! I also tried the pork chops on another occasion and the gumbo! It is in a cool area and the service is nice. The prices are pretty good as well.
4	Fun place to go in a really cool part of Charlotte. The blue cheese burger is really great. I've had other dishes that were just ok. But I like this place.
4	We came here for the breakfast. We got the eggs/biscuit/cheddar grits/Cajun Chick omelet, and Beignets.Everything was awesome. The Beignets were a little doughy (like gooey) though, but still good.We'll be back!
4	Friendly service, great food, neat atmosphere.  I like the heat and they don't disappoint.  This one will be a regular stop.
5	My wife and I love to stop in and grab a bowl of their delicious she crab soup with cornbread.  It is sooooo yummy!  I have tried almost every item on their menu and would recommend it all.  The staff is always friendly.  Great drink options also.  Got to stop in and check them out.
4	I've been here many times and I'd say that 3/4 of the time I leave happy.  I've had two average experiences but otherwise love the food here.  The bourbon fried chicken (comes with gumbo ya ya) is so yummy good, I get it pretty much every time I go here!! The steak au poivre that my date got the last time I went was amazing and one time I got the Cajun Carbonara which was okay but not a wow experience.   I probably should try more things but I'm not a big seafood fan lol.  It's a great place to go to before a night hanging out in NoDa.  Their seating and layout for me isn't the greatest but the staff is amazing and therefore makes up for it.  Their wine selection has let me down many times and their Hurricanes tend to be weak, however I have heard amazing things about their bloody mary's!  Overall this is definitely a place to check out though!
4	I'm not huge fan of spicy foods so my review may be tainted; however, I can say the food I have tried here is some of the best Cajun food I found in Charlotte. Whenever I have out-of-town guests coming who have also lived in Louisiana, this is always one of our spots to stop in. Their menu features dishes that are definitely in line with traditional Cajun cuisine, which is nice because you know you're getting the true Cajun experience.And with the addition of gator bites, there's always something on the menu that I'm sure you'll be trying for the first time.
3	Wow. I have to say, I can't say I know what authentic Cajun food tastes like, but I'd imagine this is as good as it gets around here. I stopped by for dinner late on a weekday night and ordered the Cajun Carbonara, which had the perfect amount of heat without detracting from the wonderful flavor. My date, who was more acquainted with Cajun cuisine than I, had the Low Country Shrimp & Grits. He absolutely raved about them, and the bite that I tried was just as flavorful as my own meal. I'd happily eat it, and I'm not even a shrimp or grits fan! The cornbread that came with each meal was pretty solid, but not the best I've ever had. I will say that the service was a little slow, but they were very kind and I had no problem waiting. The portions were pretty huge, so don't feel shy about boxing it up!EDIT: Alright. It's sad, but I had to drop this review from 5 to 3 stars because I'm fairly sure my boyfriend got some serious food poisoning from the questionably "shelled" shrimp in his shrimp & grits. (I can further confirm this because I only had a bite of it and had a lesser bout of food poisoning myself the next day.) Just be wary of what you're eating, folks - even if it IS delicious.
4	my husband and i went on our honeymoon to new orleans, so we are huge fans of cajun/creole cooking. our tastebuds were pleasantly tingled by their tasty morsels. i got a shrimp po' boy with their house potato salad, and the hubs got the jambalaya. both were excellently prepared and mouth-watering. i was super full halfway thru the meal, and i got to take a good portion of home--which was totally awesome. my kids thoroughly enjoyed the leftovers, which is saying a lot about the deliciousness of this place.one note about this place: i guess the restaurant behind it is the same kitchen/same food. not sure if it's cheaper or nicer, but i am curious...
4	Date night with Mrs. K., we headed to NoDa of course!On a Saturday night, there was a solid wait for a table - 45 minutes. We spent it wandering the nearby neighborhood and were only accosted by one "upper class" beggar who wanted "a dollar toward a vegetarian burrito, man". Love NoDa!We started with the "Gator Bites" - a small plate of battered and fried alligator tail. Despite living in South Florida for a decade, I've somehow managed to miss out on this delicacy. Tender and rather buttery, you should give it a try.For our mains, I chose the day's special - a half-rack of St. Louis Ribs which came with an ear of corn and cole slaw and fries. I cleaned the plate. I love ribs and these were particularly fall-off-the-bone. My date chose the blackened steak, which she said was cooked perfectly and the side greens were excellent.I would have thought that after a meal like this we would have been stuffed solid, but our lovely waitress managed to convince us to share a bread pudding and cappuccino.Great meal, great service, great date. We will absolutely be back!
3	I had visited once during a visit to Charlotte and it was a good experience. Now a recent transplant to Charlotte, I thought I'd go back for the brunch available on both Saturdays and Sundays now! :-) I ordered the Cajun chicken omelette with a side of home fries. A small cup of fruit comes with it too. The meal was a disaster. The Cajun chicken omelette was flavorless, dry and hard. The contents in the omelette were not cooked at all either. Gross! I went for it anyway. I took one bite and was so disappointed. Eating it was like eating a piece of rice cake. Furthermore, my potatoes were hard. Seasoned well, but overcooked. I was going to grit and bear through my meal, but something told me to tell my waiter, Ryan. He was a good sport. He listened to my complaint and allowed me to order another meal, the Eggs Benedict with a side of cheese grits. When my plate arrived I was very excited. The meal looked fantastic. Then, it was love at first bite. The cheese grits are the best grits ever. I shared half with my sister because i wanted her to get "the experience". lol I ate my meal slowly so I could savor it. I literally cleaned my plate. I will return because I want to try other items on the menu, but I will still proceed with caution.
4	Enjoyed Easter Brunch today at Boudreaux's.  The Bloody Mary bar was quite a deal at $4.00 per glass.  I ordred the Habanerno Vodka, complete with the warning from the waitress, who said, "be careful, it is hot!"  Well, after I loaded it with jalopeno pepper slices, horseradish and Texas Pete, it still exhibited only a warm friendliness.  I guess that was a disclaimer.  But, it was good, and a big glass with fixins' at $4.00 is a bargain.  I also asked for the 3 egg vegetarian omelet and Charleston Cheddar grits.  The grits were creamy and delicious!  The omelet could have used more cheese, but the spinach, mushrooms and red bell pepper were very flavorful.  The accompanying fruit was refreshing as well.  The restaurant featured a nice jazz duo, consisting of trumpet and guitar.  It was just loud enough to contribute to a nice atmosphere while still retaining the ability to have conversation.  In my opinion, Boudreaux's always provides both good, reliable food and ambiance, no matter the occasion.
2	love noda and was hoping for some true cajun food, but was disappointed by the tiny, tiny shrimps on the po'boy. my mom liked the muffaletta though.
5	Came in on a Monday with some friends and tried the gumbo. I must say, this was the most amazing gumbo I have ever had. I also ordered their crawfish spinach dip and it was out of this world. I don't know how I've never been here before but trust me when I say I will be coming back again.. Possibly tomorrow.. And Wednesday.
3	Shrimp and grits were the spiciest and good. Stay away from the spinach crawfish dip...has non point if view and very heavy. Gumbo was great. Cornbread was a perfect sweetness but was just a tad on the stale side. Waiter Caleb was perfect...ask for him.
4	Love the fish and grits! Best in Charlotte!
4	Great food for the money. I had the fried chicken served over white rice and gumbo. It was quite tasty and for under $12 quite reasonable as well. The outside looked very eclectic and the inside used bright colors and cool paintings. There were two hiccups that prevented a five stars. Our server was very polite but felt like she was new. She didn't really explain the menu and she didn't check back with us often. The second reason was the price of the appetizer.  I had the hush puppies.  They charged $7 for four. Granted they were made from crab cakes but $7 for four small balls of fried hush puppies were a but too expensive.
4	Nice atmosphere. We went on a Monday night and were the only ones in the restaurant. I don't know if the fact that their liquor license is pending is the reason it was so empty. But overall I was very satisfied, I got the seafood gumbo and my date got the shrimp and grits.  The food was pretty good, although it wasn't as spicy as i like my Louisiana cuisine it was still good. There aren't too many authentic Louisiana food places in Charlotte so this was a great find.  It also doesn't hurt that its located in my favorite part of town (NoDa). Go check it out.
4	Fans of Cajun food definitely have to try this spot. I had the jambalaya while on a great date there. My expectations were a little high because I travel to New Orleans sometimes just to eat or bring back seafood. But this place is really good and reasonably priced for this kinda of food. Next time I will definitely try the brunch. In a great neighborhood..very artistic creative vibe in the air.
4	Hard to find good Cajun food anywhere outside of LA.  This place does a solid job.  Jumbolaya, Cajun fried chicken, gumbo.  All really yummy.  They do a Sunday brunch which is good for a beneit fix.
4	I'm surprised to be giving a four-star review! We hadn't been here in years and decided to give it a go. Service was very slow early on. Hushpuppy app was kind of sad. But then our server was able to get more focused, and then our meal came. Fish and grits...delish. My brother had the Red Beans & Rice and loved it. My husband's burger was great. So, despite a half empty restaurant on a Friday night and a slow start, our bellies and taste buds are very happy!
4	Went here with one or my buddies on a weekday lunch. The food was quite enjoyable. We started with the alligator bites, then had i had the jambalaya and my friend had ribs and fries. If you're a fan of Cajun food you'll like it here. It was very tasty.Service was good, but since it was late in the afternoon, we were among only a few other people. I'd like to see the dining room and get a feel for the place when it's more crowded and lively.Overall I'd like to give it a try again, but it's definitely a good spot for Cajun.
4	Craving New Orleans? Come here! Great food and probably the best French fries you will ever have!
1	Shrimp served without de-veining... Disgusting! We asked if they clean them up before serving but were told that they never clean them up. We used to be regulars here and they did the best seafood gumbo in town but we would rather not eat shrimp poop.
4	I just moved to Charlotte. Dexter and I went to the Dog Bar and found out that Boudreaux does take out. Folks were easy to talk on the phone, We picked up dinner and headed back to the bar to eat. I love great Jambalaya. i have left overs for tomorrow! This looks to be pretty close to the real New Orleans stuff...
2	I love spicy Cajun food.  I love NoDa, so I desperately want to love Boudreaux, but every time I go is a disappointment.  I hadn't been there is over a year and decided to go for brunch.  The big draw, besides location, is the well appointed Bloody Mary bar they set up for Sunday brunch.  Other than that, I won't be back.  The food is bland, nothing Cajun or Creole about it, except  the names of the dishes.  I started with the Gumbo Ya Ya.  Its consistency and taste was that of wallpaper paste.  For brunch I got the special of the day- strawberry cream cheese stuffed French Toast and cheese grits for my side. ( I would have prefered bacon or sausage as a side, but was told they didn't have either meat as side offerings-really ? breakfast without bacon or sausage??) When I got my entree, the grits were touching the french toast, and the strawberry "compote" over the french toast was also in the cheese grits.  Sloppy.  I scrapped the grits off the main plate in order to save my meal.  The french toast was dry, and has cream cheese inside, with canned strawberries. The Strawberry compote on top of the french toast was also straight from a can.  C'mon guys, its summer- this was supposed to be the "special", yet there was nothing special about.  Again, bland and disappointing.  The cheese grits I managed to salvage that didn't have canned sugared strawberry sauce in it were the standout of the meal, and that's high praise from someone who isn't a big grit fan.
4	I LOOOOOOOVVVVVEEEEEEEEE jambalaya. Yea, I will drive up there just to buy 2 order to go and eat them during the week. (go figure)
4	A great addition to NoDa and really something different from everything else in Charlotte.  Filling, delicious food at a great price.  They have some great drinks here in the morning and the afternoon with a decent patio for those sunny afternoons and cool summer nights plus they have a garage door open up the restaurant to the outside.
3	The Cajun festival turned out to be a big flop, and wasn't really a festival and the only Cajun food they had was some overpriced gumbo that tasted like ass and was covered in flies, not to mention the staff didn't even lift an eye when we thanked them.So here we are, at Bourdraoooow's in NODA!Service is sloooooow. It wasn't even that busy. The food was okay though. We went with basic breakfast foods, fries and cheese grits (really rich). My grand-pappy used to make cheese grits with shrimp and andewy sausage, so I didn't really think much of the grits here. Everything else was standard.Slooooooooow service.
4	Best poached eggs I've had in town so far. Unlike most places that serve Eggs Benedict or some variety of it, Boudreaux has perfect poached eggs. I cannot eat a whole lot on the menu because I am a vegetarian but they have a great brunch with a few veggie friendly options. The Croissant Florentine is very yummy. My only gripe was that the home fries were a little soggy for my taste.
5	Excellently prepared Cajun food set in a laid back atmosphere.   I love this place because it's quieter and less crowded than most of the nearby restaurants, but doesn't skimp on the freshness and quality of the meal.   Don't fool around and go straight for the bourbon fried chicken.
2	Ugh. I've given this place two tries.  The first was at a Upstage performance.  Food was cold, but serviceable.  I attributed that to the location and the fact that they have to carry the food up the stairs and around the corner to get it to Upstage.Well tonight proved 2nd time is not the charm.  Drinks - Girlfriend ordered the special, a Poinsettia, it tasted like olives.   I ordered a diet Pepsi.  I complained that it was flat to which the friendly waitress said "yeah someone said that last night too - I think we are out of carbonation"  WTF?  Really?  She replaced both offending beverages with no complaints.Food - overpriced and very very greasy.  The hush puppies were good, but not worth the 7 bucks.  My ribeye was fatty..fattier than it should have been.  The potatoes and asparagus were also covered in grease.  Girlfriend got the gumbo (just a cup)  she said it was good, but her entree was also all butter/grease.I will not be back.  Bad experience.  Waitress was nice, but it speaks something about the establishment when a full 24 hours after they discover an issue with carbonation at the bar, that they A) still don't fix it and B) continue serving carbonated beverages.  Yuck.
3	I was really excited about this place based on personal recommendations and yelp reviews. I've heard the dinner is amazing, and with such a high rating level, knew this would be a great place to take friends from out of town. However, we decided to go earlier in the day instead of for dinner.Went for brunch with 3 other people. Now, I understand that Charlotte is still working on their brunch scene compared to other cities, but brunch is brunch!The food was cold, and service was slow. Our waitress was really friendly but very relaxed. She was attentive when it came to our coffee, but would disappear in bouts of 10-15 minutes. It wasn't very busy. The food was good, not great. I got the Breakfast Burrito. It was cold, and the cheese was hard. My friend really enjoyed the Shrimp Omelette, but did mention it was luke warm. Could be an attribute to our waitress performing Houdini disappearing acts. Overall, this place is good not great for brunch. It would be a place that if I had to have a fourth or fifth option for brunch, I might think about trying it again during this time. As to other times during the week/night,  I'm not giving up on this place! I've heard their Shrimp And Crawfish Etouffe and Bloody Mary Bar are as authentic as it can get. I will be back for dinner!
4	Great atmosphere and brunch!  Especially the Bloody Mary bar with their own infused vodkas!  Will definitely be back!
5	Jambalaya.  Oh my goodness.  The jambalaya.I had to make myself stop eating.  I ate my left overs at 11am the next day, I was so excited about it.  This is a really great little casual place.  I don't know why I never came in sooner.  I came here for date night last week and it was really nice.  Our server was on top of things, super helpful and constantly refilling water.  (Sometimes, I drink water like a mad woman).  The jambalaya has a little bit of everything in it; chicken, sausage, shrimp, craw fish.  It's amazing.  It's one of the pricier things on the menu, but a million times worth it.  I need to come back here for the hurricanes.  An entire menu devoted to them?  Yes please.  I'll update my review after that!  See you soon, Boudreaux's.
4	You don't go here for dinner. You don't go for lunch. You sort of go for brunch.You always go for the best Bloody Mary bar in Charlotte.
4	I ate here about 2 weeks ago and the food was simply divine. It really does taste like something straight from New Orleans. I had the seafood gumbo (that comes with cornbread) and the alligator bites. The alligator bites are amazing, however, it might be the only overpriced thing on the menu ($10 appetizer). The seafood gumbo was dee-licious! For dessert, I had the bread pudding! AMAZING! I had a mimosa to drink with my meal. I was visiting from NJ and was extremely pleased with the food. The service was equally wonderful. I had a waitress named Stephanie who is an enabler haha! But I'm glad she convinced me to get the bread pudding. This place has good food, great service, and is priced right. Def check it out. You won't be disappointed!
5	Had lunch, ordered tilapia and 2 sides with cornbread.  Service was good food was good.  The place looked clean, I would recommend to my friends.  The food was well seasoned, for my palate.
5	Awesome brunch. One of the best in CLT. Sit outside and enjoy the NoDa scenery. Love the make-your-own Bloody Mary bar.
2	I served tables for several years of my life and always tip 20% or higher. Last night I had to leave 10% because I just couldn't bring myself to reward our experience. We had a party of 12 people and we were there for 3 hours due to how long things took to get ordered, come out, etc. While I understand parties take longer, it's a Friday night, etc....the lack of attention and inaccuracies by the server were unacceptable.  People were getting new alcoholic drinks when they didn't even order them, but when they were ordered it would take 20 minutes to arrive....want a beer?  How about the wrong one?  To the wrong person...food came out and the temperature ranged from piping hot to downright cold. How you do this with the same entree is downright impressive, btw!  The bills came out...wrong. It was just ridiculous. Only thing that saves this from a 1 star is the crawfish and spinach appetizer was awesome and some of the entrees were decent (and not cold).  It'll be a struggle to return here.
1	Worst restaurant service/experience I have had in Charlotte. Went there for brunch and service was terrible. My omelet was a lovely shade of brown. Couldn't even complain, because server was no where to be found.  Took over an hour to wait for our checks after we finished eating. Manager was unapologetic and rude as well. Never going there again.
4	Overall great first time. I was craving a burger, which was my fault for getting one at a Cajun restaurant. It was good, but you should get the specials! Friend had the shrimp and grits, and this was amazing! Buttery, savory, and lots of flavor.
5	I was taken here for dinner and was simply amazed. My dinner began with a creamy asparagus soup that was awesome with a  side of corn bread. The corn bread wasn't impressive but the soup was. My entree was the vegetable rotini dish and it was amazing! It had multicolored rotini pasta with sun dried tomatoes, mushrooms, asparagus, etc. all topped off with a dash of asiago cheese. I liked that the dish did not include a lot of cheese and it came with a side of rosemary bread. Our server was great and the atmosphere is nice and cozy!!!
5	A MUST to try in Charlotte's NODA district. LOVE LOVE LOVE this place...for breakfast, lunch, or dinner!  If you love New Orleans food then this is for you. The ambiance is great and the service is wonderful. The shrimp and grits my favorite!   I do not eat grits from anywhere except here, their cheese grits are the ultimate comfort food.
5	So, I have this weird thing I do: every time I go to a Cajun place I order shrimp and grits with the expectation that it will be somewhere between disappointing and catastrophically bad. Ordered same at Boudreaux's expecting same result.Guess what: Best. Shrimp and grits. EVER.As awesome as the staff is (and they are awesome), the food is more awesome by a magnitude of about 100.I'll start looking for excuses to come back to Charlotte, and this will be the first stop.
4	Have been to Boudreaux's a few times and get the fried gator tail appetizers and the chicken fingers & fries basket each time. Not an exciting dish for some, but it suits me just fine. Gator tail? If you are not from Florida, then this is not your everyday menu item. If I said, "tastes like chicken"; would that be too much of a cliche? Well, it does, it's a mild flavor that anyone can like. I went with a vegetarian and she managed just fine. The food is decent and the prices are reasonable. The restaurant suits the area and is pretty big so it can handle large groups of people. I think my only gripe is the service is a little slow. The last time I went, there were only about 4 tables of guests and we still had to wait a while for our meal. If you are walking around Noda and want to try a new place, then stop to Boudreaux's. It's very visible corner location is inviting and you can hit a few pubs after dinner in Noda before heading home.
5	Who would have thought you could find amazing Cajun food in this small, hole in the wall?  We ordered the gator bites, they were fried and pretty hood.  But let's face it, more of a experience than a gourmet item.  I had the fish and grits and my friend had the chicken carbonara, both were phenomenal!  Huge portion, just right amount of spice, great piece of sweet cornbread to sop it up.  Skip the chains, try something new, support locals!
4	I'm from Louisiana so I tend to be a bit critical of "Louisiana Kitchen" places outside of the bayous of South Louisiana but these guys pretty much got it right.The bourbon friend chicken w/ gumbo yaya was really quite good. They don't overdo the spices but the flavor is still strong.The atmosphere is a little bit dive-y but overall, we really enjoyed it.
5	Both the Gator bites, and the gumbo are amazing; I have never been disappointed by the food.
5	Great food.  The service was wonderful. My mom says that her stomach gives it a A+. Mom had the gumbo- delicious.  I had the biscuits with gravy-ambrosia in my mouth.   The only sad is that there isn't a parking lot or I may not have seen it, but I parked around the corner.
5	The gator bites tasted like cooter but that's straight cause I enjoy cooter, opossum, coon and all sorts of critters. And I would know cause I'm from Louisiana the swamp part. Anyways yeah, I love this cooter or opossum whatever it was.
1	I've got roots in Louisiana (but I don't hold 'LouisianaStyle" restaurants outside of Louisiana to the same standard)... That said... These ppl should be shut down for claiming to be a NOLA style restaurant. On top of that, the service left a lot to be desired. Not my favorite experience of the year.
2	I have been coming here for awhile, and truth be told, the quality is getting worse.1st tip: DO NOT EVEN BOTHER with the fried oysters. You will hate yourself for ordering that. The oysters are so tiny, and it's not worth the money. Actually put the gator bites on the do-not-order list as well. They're smaller than the popcorn chicken you get at KFC. I normally come here and order the gumbo or she crab soup and make that a meal. A bowl runs you about $8-9, which is a lot more tolerable. Sometimes the gumbo comes out luke warm (at best), but it tastes good enough.If anything, consider this place for a drink, they do have drink specials on the hurricanes and wine and beer. I really hate that one of the few cajun places in Charlotte is going downhill.
5	Oh Boudreax's, how i love you..Whenever I visit my sister in Charlotte, we go here..her family actually has taken me, my mom and brother all there..on  separate occasions..were all fans!This time i had brought my little dog with me on my first road trip and he got to go some pretty great places..the server brought a water bowl out for him when he brought our drinks :)We had the gator bites appetizer that is really good and my nephew LOVES them..for my entree i always choose the Low Country Shrimp and Grits..creamy cheese grits with plump shrimp and sausage with veggies and all in a great sauce served with a square of some of the best cornbread in this world! you will leave stuffed, happy and with some left overs too!
4	Had a wonderful jambalaya and she crab soup. The corn bread that came with both dishes was a bit dry. Will definitely come back if I'm in town.
5	Great food for a fair price. The she-crab soup was delish. We ordered bourbon fried chicken, which was extremely juicy, had great flavor, and was served over YaYa and rice. We also got fish and grits - it was an amazing portion for the price (two tilapia filets) and had the most yummy sauce! There was nothing wrong with the service. I saw quite a few more things I want to try on the menu and will definitely be back.
