3	Okay so maybe they were having second night jitters? Perhaps it's unfair to review a place even though they aren't firing on all cylinders yet? So Ill reserve all the complaints of raw shrimp horrible bread and awkward service until I go back and go back I will. They make the most tasty duck confit sandwich, served open faced with a duck fat mayo and house made sauerkraut.. its delicious, heavy and decadent.. not for the faint of heart or the high of cholesterol.. I did change the bread out to brioche which was a great choice over rye bread. The fries (they call them pommes frites which they are not) served with a mayo dipping sauce, were outstanding!Pate is one of my favorite French comfort foods and is done very well here. However, be certain to ask for different bread.. I know I said I wouldnt bitch about the bread but I lied.. it sucks.. horribly dry, bland and uninteresting. I hate to say this but they need to get away from making their own bread and order it from a local bakery. Epi bread would go awesome with their pate! Desserts were alright.. wished that the crepes were hot, served cold.. but the beignets were fantastic though round rather than square but it all tastes the same no matter what shape? If they can survive the economy this may turn into a favorite anytime place.
3	The decor has changed slightly since the Food Bar was in operation here.  I did like the openness that they have created and the fact that now I can sit, order from a menu.  Of course with any new endeavor, there are ideas that may work and concepts that don't.  For instance, the idea of changing a classic French Onion Soup recipe, leave it alone, add salt, the prerequisite cheese (not the style that Metro added).  The service was attentive, but awkward (the logo company was still applying the lettering to the doors and windows), so maybe she was nervous and distracted?  I also ordered a field green salad with chicken and she said "It doesn't come with chicken."  So pointing to the menu (3 or 4$ charge to add chicken), " It's printed here."  She replied, " Oh, I learned something new today." Like I said, new endeavors take time to cultivate and grow.  I will be back  -  enjoying a lunch on the patio, with an order of oysters from the raw bar, a glass of wine, and time to soak it all in.   Everyone deserves a second chance.
4	After reading positive reviews online, I was still pleasantly surprised by the flavor of my pork cheeks dish at Metro.  I also had the leek soup, served cold, which was also good.  I bet when eating it on a hot day, it would have been even more refreshing.  Also, the daily special meal for two deal looks amazing.  It includes a 500ml glass of white or red wine!  Their offerings include lamb shoulder, bouillabaisse, whole fish, etc.  I was very tempted, would order that if I can find an accomplice. Another plus for the restaurant is the open late policy.  It closes at 2am on the weekends, 12am on weeknights, which is indeed helpful for those late nights!
4	Renovation complete, Metro Brasserie is a huge improvement over previously named "The Food Bar." Improvements are clear in the quality of the food and ordering.My first impression upon arrival was very favorable: two hostesses outside with a welcoming charm escorted me to my table. The design of the menu as well as its selections are enticing. The wait for the food was nearly exasperating, but it was my day off so I decided to be understanding.At the time of my visit, the restaurant was barely brisk with business which gave me hopes for a rapid lunch experience. After all, I only ordered two items: a French onion soup (delicious by the way..., and served just the way I like it with bubbly baked  cheese all over..And followed by beignets for desserts.Despite the graciousness of my server, I would have expected the service to be a little more swift. Although the dining room furniture is clearly reminiscent of a Parisian bistro, there ought to be a few planters to give some life to the place.Under the helm of Chef Matt, formerly of Mosaic and Mary Elaine's at The Phoenician, I have no doubt that Metro Brasserie has the right culinary talent to make it a foodie destination. However, service needs to catch up in order to  make it a stellar experience.
2	When Metro was Foodbar, it was a descent place to get a sandwhich at lunch. So I thought I would try Metro out for lunch, not realizing it was a french place. French doesn't sit to well with this vegetarian. So that was my first mistake. But I can usually find something appealing on the menu. There wasn't much for me on the menu.....A few lack luster salads, some cheese but not even a sandwhich! So I ordered the french onion soup. How bad could it be.....b-a-d! First it wasn't soup. It was pretty much bread with onions and cheese. Don't know where the broth went. Maybe the huge "crouton" soaked it all up.My friends lunch didn't look bad. The lack luster salad on the menu actually had some taste with the limited ingredients and her shrimp cocktail looked descent enough. I would have said this place was 3 stars ( I like the patio) but after the rudeness from the waiter and his eye rolling when I asked about any vegetarian items, it went down to 2. He didn't even say thank you. So I say no thank you to Metro.
5	Its been a long time since I've eaten anything for breakfast other than your standard US Egg/Diner food. Metro is in a class all its own. I seriously had the best breakfast I have ever had in AZ.  The service was friendly & professional. Also, very helpful & knowledgeable AND PATIENT while describing the French items. At our table we had eggs benedict, THE BEST eggs benedict I have ever had (not like the quail egg on a cruoton you get at T. Cooks) beyond delicious salmon crepes,and the egg white omelette was even good for  being healthy.  I cant wait to go back bc I've heard (and now seen) the famous tempura bacon. If you need a good breakfast, skip all the rest & come to the best. You won't be disappointed!! This IS the ONLY spot for breakfast. Not to mention an entire "hangover cure" cocktail menu. GENIUS!!!!!
4	After two visits to Metro Brasserie, I feel like I've experienced enough to write a review... My first visit was for the Yelp Adopt-A-Family UYE, (kudos to Metro for hosting and giving us a sampling of many of your fine French menu items).  We had fun that night... highlights in my eyes were the the Gin Fizz cocktail that Ty L ordered - he allowed many of us to sample it and it was delicious!  (I'm not even a gin drinker).  I also enjoyed the flatbread and fried oysters.  Great wine selection too!After the UYE, a few of us stayed for dinner - while I really enjoyed the vegetable salad, the cod was not amazing (maybe it was the preparation with the leeks that I was not a fan of, but so be it - I know not to order that next time!)  I will say a major standout for all of us was the beignets - OMG!  Served warm with dipping sauce, these are a must order when you visit Metro!I returned for brunch the following Sunday, and let me tell you - brunch is the way to go!  Between Jared and I, we had three menu items.  I went with the egg white omelette (served with mushrooms, spinach, tomato, and gruyere cheese) - I chose grits as my side and they were even better than the grits I remember eating when I lived in the South!  He had steak and eggs and the quiche.  We both cleaned our plates.  Fresh squeezed grapefruit juice and coffee also made appearances at our table.  Both were great, but a tip to Metro - I prefer my grapefruit juice without ice next time!Jason was our server for brunch, Chad was our server for dinner, and GM Bill was friendly and helpful as always...  I like the shirts that the waiters wear - go check 'em out!  I know I'll be returning for brunch again real soon.  Maybe I'll see you there!
4	I'm SO glad to see this location up and running again and I'm glad that they chose to employ table (vs. counter) service. What can I say? I like to sit down and be served! We went for lunch and I was jonesing for a burger. Delicious and cooked exactly the way I wanted it. Fries (or, excuse me, "pommes frites"), are $2 extra, but are absolutely worth it. What makes me most excited about Metro was what I didn't have. I saw a Croque Madame on a neighboring table that made me want to introduce myself and ask for a bite. The brunch menu also looks great (my infatuation with brunch is well documented), so we'll be back in early '09 for another visit!
3	So it would be inaccurate to say that I was a fan of the Food Bar, because I only tolerated its confusing lay-out and oddly executed menu, but I was eager to try its later incarnation.Some thoughts:I was one half of a two-top, but was seated at an uncomfortably crowded four-top, when there were several two-tops available that looked like they had more comfortable seating.I thought the menu was deliberately pretentious and catered way too much to francophiles, but I maneuvered my way nonetheless.My burger was perfectly cooked, but came with no sauce ,which made for a weird dilemma: juicy and simultaneously dry.  No mustard?  Really? I also ordered a side of macaroni and cheese, which my server forgot.  My sister reminded him of this and he admitted that it had slipped his mind, which I appreciated.  I'm a server, too, and these things happen.He took the mac and cheese off of our check (unnecessary).  The macaroni and cheese was good, but tasted like it had ham in it, although there were no pink chunks.  I don't eat pork, so this was kind of a  dilemma.  I decided it was best not to ask.At any rate, I'll probably be back.  They offer Pimm's!
4	Since I didn't have a full meal at Metro, I'll keep this review short and sweet (and reserve full judgment for a future visit/review). I went to Metro for the Adopt a Family UYE. Thanks again to Gabi for planning and Metro for hosting--it was great to see Yelpers come together for a great cause. Our first server was a little brusque (the French influence, I'll presume) and our second server was very friendly but a little too earnest. If I return, I'd like to see a balance between the two hospitality styles. I didn't have a drink because I was feeling the onset of a cold (shocker, I know!), but everyone else commented that their mixed drinks and wine were enjoyable. I did take a sip of someone's gin fizz and thought the flavor was fantastic. The complimentary appetizers Metro provided were also quite enjoyable. The pate and onion tart were solidly executed, but the real standout was the fried oysters. The oysters themselves were clearly the freshest available and the crispy, salty coating was to die for. In that moment, I was wishing I had ordered an icy cold beer to go along with them!This area of Scottsdale is very far from where I live, but I could see myself returning here for dinner at some point in the future. I'd be even more persuaded to return if I were promised some more free appetizers!
4	Came here for brunch with my girlfriends, and I just fell in love with the ambiance, the service, and especially the dessert. We got Duck Confit Sandwich, Croque Monsieur Ou Madame (sandwich of ham, gruyere and bechamel sauce) and Veal Paillard (with mushroom). Overall we rated the food 3-3.5 . I thought the veal was pleasantly delicious. My duck confit was big and very heavy (because of the duck-fat mayonnaise) which was ok because I just wanted to have duck @ that moment. However the rye bread was hard, and the duck wasn't very tender.I was about to give it a 3... until the dessert came out which pumped it up to a 4. We got Brown Butter Crepes and Beignets. Forget about the crepes, the Beignets  which came with 3 small cups of dipping (raspberry, vanilla and nutella) were out of this world! We ended up order a 2nd plate of 6!I'm planning to come back some time this week to try other entree items, and more of those beignets! =)
4	Came back after NYE. I got Steak Frites, the girls got Pork Cheek and Roasted Chicken. All were really delicious. I like some burns in my food so my steak (medium but a bit toward rare) had some burn on the outside is yummy to me. The Pork Cheek, however, was amazing. It literally melt in your mouth!And yes, had to get the beignets!!!
4	Great!  My favorite new place.  It was a hard decision as what to order, as everything sounded good.  Finally decided on several wines to start--nice list to choose from.  We ordered the duck confit $12, a hot open face sandwich of red cabbage sauerkraut, swiss cheese and a creamy duck fat aioli which we both declared delicious and unique.  We opted to add the frites, $2.  I don't usually order fries, I find our American version horrible, but these were fantastic and I must say I have a new appreciation for the deep fried potato.  Thought I'd never say that.  We also went for the onion tart with smoked bacon and gruyere $8, presented as a flatbread so it wasn't quite what we were expecting, but wow the flavors just burst, wonderful.  Service was wonderful--she wasn't even snippy when I asked for a new wine glass when it smelled funky, like dirty dishwasher water.  Unfortunately we had no room for dessert, which was a shame as the table next to us had ordered the beignets, which looked lovely.   Next time I'll know to save room for them.  Can't wait to return.
2	After my first visit which was great I had high expectations for breakfast.  The place was very quiet as was the entire area, around 10 AM.  Ordered coffee, nothing great.  Ordered an OJ, which was good due to the fresh juicing.  The eggs benedict $12 were nothing great, english muffin was hard as if stale and the hollandaise was over salted.  The spinach, ham, cheese omelet $10 was good, but the mornay sauce was also over salted as were the  breakfast potatoes which had no other flavor.  The server was also just okay, most of his time was spent talking with the other staff.  The server I had previously was busy with her one table and I envied them.  In these tough economic times, you gotta go the extra mile or people will go to The Breakfast Club down the way as I discovered as I walked the quiet zone to Scottsdale Road.
4	Hostess: Would you like to sit inside or outside?Me: OUTSIDE! I'm from Chicago!Hostess: In the sun or in the shade?Me: In the SUN! I'm from Chicago!And that's how our lunch began at Metro Brasserie on a warm February day.  You Phoenix yelpers don't know how lucky you are to be able to wear short-sleeves in February!!I'm not really a fan of French food and find it too heavy for lunch, but I can usually find something to eat on any menu.  And that something to eat at Metro Brasserie was the chicken salad sandwich served on a croissant.  Our waiter told me it was one of their more popular sandwiches. Gabi K ordered a chick pea/eggplant sandwich, while the 3rd member of our party went with the turkey/cranberry sandwich.About 20 minutes later the turkey/cranberry sandwich arrived, but there was no sign of our meals for another 15 or so minutes. Our waiter apologized profusely and said he didn't know why it was taking so long.  I was about to eat my arm by now (being on Chicago time it felt like an hour later), but we waited and waited and waited very patiently.Once our food FINALLY arrived I really enjoyed the chicken salad sandwich...especially cause it was very light on the mayo. I hate mayo...ick.  Gabi really liked her sandwich as well, although the turkey/cranberry sandwich went untouched because the 3rd member of our party was not such a fan.  At the end of the meal our waiter offered to bring us complimentary chocolate cake to make up for the wait of our food, but we declined...these hips do not need anymore chocolate cake.  Still, it was a sweet gesture.Overall It was probably more of a 3 star experience, but I"m feeling a bit generous...the Arizona sun will do that to ya!
2	More to come from the 5 other yelpers in my party who had the same experience as I did.  I just wanted to beat them all to the punch.  To sum up what they will say in what I'm sure will be great detail:1. The good-not-great, reasonably priced brunch food was totally betrayed by the most inept service of all time.  2. Now reading a bunch of other reviews here I see this isn't an uncommon story.3.  Most of the drinks we had were good, including bloody maries, but make your own mimosas by buying champagne and a side glass of OJ.
2	I was part of J-Man's brunch party last Sunday. Having had such a great experience at Metro the first time around, I was also really disappointed by the service (or lack thereof) we experienced. The food my husband and I ordered was actually very good (he had the burger with gruyere and I had the quiche as well as the vanilla-scented yogurt) but the service was just bad. Given the fact that the restaurant wasn't nearly as full as I've seen places at brunch and the fact that we weren't unusually demanding or confusing, I think that the bad service was unacceptable. Rather than sitting back and enjoying our friend's birthday brunch, we ended up literally spending half of our time reminding the server of things we needed but never got. When we eventually complained to the manager, she did comp a bottle of champagne but the service didn't improve after that. I really did enjoy the food I tried and thought the specialty drinks (try the French 75) were well-made but they all weren't good enough to compensate for the service. It seems like the bad service is a common complaint among Yelpers so I would hope the management/owners would take that into consideration and do something to make it better.
2	"Excuse me waiter. What's this fly doing in my soup?" "It appears to be doing the backstroke sir." Yep. This pretty much sums up our service at MB this past Sunday. Forgotten entrees. No ice bucket for the champagne. Drinks took forever, if indeed, they were remembered. Ketchup? Our beniets? Ugh! Formerly the FoodBar (remember that place, with the awful layout and crazy ordering procedure?), MB is a lovely French restaurant in the heart of Oldtown. We sat inside, luckily, as some Gen X Jewel type performer was on the patio "singing" and strumming her guitar. I heard just a few bars and wanted to stab my eye out with a hot fork. Fortunately the hustle and bustle inside perfectly drowned it out! The food was quite good. Not incredible. Beniets were undercooked a bit, but hey, we scarfed them down anyway. My eggs Benedict was fantastic; served with biscuits instead of English muffins. But no potatoes. No salad. No nothing on the side. Not even a garnish. Others seemed pleased with a burger, granola and an all American breakfast. Christine is right however, in that we were there to celebrate a birthday. Too bad much of our energy was used to flag down ANYONE who could help us. I swear I almost asked the lady sitting next to us to refill Rickie's coffee. God that would have been fun! So I can't say oui oui to MB quite yet. And for now I shall just say ta ta!
5	I was a little worried about the menu at first but the great staff broke everything down and showed that the food is the star of the show and not the menu.  I was very excited to see new and exciting ingredients on a scottsdale menu and have become a fan of the relaxed culture of the restaurant and the food being served.  I enjoyed some really cool beers, amazing fries, and I think the best steak sandwhich this side of Philly.  Everything about the restaurant is fresh, exciting, and new to me and I can't wait to go back and try some of the other inspired dishes on the menu.  It is my understanding that the trout and rabbit are must haves and i will in the near future.Please feel free to use this as a suggestion and try new fare in a hip but relaxed atmosphere with great drinks, fantastic grub, and a chance to expand your culinary palate.Cheers,SW
2	This is a fantastic location. I was scratching my head when the Food Bar closed wondering why. Now after eating at the Metro Brasserie, I'm wondering if the location is cursed. Perhaps it was built on top of an old graveyard. It would be interesting to go back in time 600 years or so to see if every trading post put up there failed as well.So what's a failure here? Well, it's the food. The burgers were shit. Burned and dry. The bun was the same. The fries weren't so terrible, but everything else was. My friend asked for a replacement burger and I was discouraged enough to simply ask to try their mac and cheese. My friend's burger this time was burned on the outside and raw on the inside. Raw. I mean, it was still cold. The mac and cheese was bland, dry, and awful. Did not finish anything except the fries. The service was good in the way that they were very nice and polite and they really wanted us to be happy. I can't say they got everything right, but they definitely tried. +1 for that... A for effort. I thought the whole thing was overpriced, but they could've charged 10 bucks for that food we had and it would've been too much. In fact, I don't think they did charge us for the burgers... we just overtipped. I just mean the prices on the menu are a bit high. The location is beautiful though, so hopefully they'll get their shit together.
4	"metro invites guests to experience rustic, artisanal and heartfelt french country cooking with influences from the american south. As much as possible, we proudly create products in house or source from purveyors that are not only friends, but reputable artisans in their own right."  Metro brasserie is the only French eatery in old town Scottsdale, though there are other competitors such as Zinc, Voltaire, and Christopher's. Stick with Metro, because here you will experience French with a southern flair. The chef is french canadian but lived in Louisiana for a spell - hence you are getting French cooking with a southern twist. If you are looking for good French farm house fare, you will find it here. From braised pork cheeks to duck breast and chicken fried sweetbreads - your taste buds will run the gamut of pickled vegetables, cold cuts, pates, and mussels.  Expect small portions on appetizers, ranging from $8-$21. Love fried green tomatoes? I do :) here you get a whole three, fried with so much cornmeal that you can barely taste tomato, but the accompanying blue crab and remoulade sauce make up for it. Dishes change seasonally, so don't come here looking for beef burgundy and bouillabasse in summer. The brasserie burger, voted best in the valley, is a must!  With sauce gribiche, smoked Visalia, and gruyere, it is a unique twist on the American fave, and it may rank up there with the most consuming passion I have ever felt for a finger food.  At $12, the consensus is it's the best burger in old town!  On the opposite end of this food spectrum is the "potage of English pea" woaw! Kevin Wooton, bartender extraordinaire, sums it up in one word: earthy. My dining companion and consummate food critic, Anthony Crain claims, "I feel like I tripped and fell headfirst into a patch of moss, perhaps there was even an earthworm in it."  If your palate is not so adventurous, head straight to the bar and stay there. I am a big fan of their lavish and inventive $10 cocktail menu. Currently, I am sipping on a raspberry presse (chambord, orange blossom honey, lemon wedges, raspberries, and soda water) many of their cocktails were made famous half a century ago, sip some nostalgia here. An old classic is the "corpse reviver" (gin 209, cointreau, lillet blanc, absinthe, lemon juice, and amarena cherry)  For first timers, bartender Kevin Wooton recommends the "ramos gin fizz" (hayman's old tom gin, lemon juice, orange flower water, vanilla, cream, egg white, and soda water).  There is a reverse happy hour after 10p, the bill is 20% off if you are in the industry. $5 recession specials are all day, such as belvedere, tanqueray, and dewars scotch.Last but not least, the breakfast menu is extensive, the late night menu is available until 2a, and you can't leave here before you have had one of their beignets with nutella and raspberry coulis.  Sweet Jesus, they are divine!Come here on an empty stomach, prepare yourself for a culinary adventure into France, and the dirty south.  And if at all possible, make sure Kevin is at the bar.  He is incredibly knowledgeable about not just the fabulous cocktail concoctions, but also the food and history of the place. Kudos for Kevin!
4	We had breakfast & it was nice and quiet on a weekday morning. I had coffee and for some reason I loved my cup. Trust - it was no out of the world cup. It was just simple, streamlined & big. And I think I was tired so the coffee was sort of an obsession in those moments. Ok, so our waitress was awesome and fast. Hubby had the grilled andouille and he was no longer remotely interested in me, he was in love with his breakfast. I had the egg-white omelette - it was really good....but as I look at the menu there are far better options to titillate the tastebuds.My only problem was the bathroom. Listen, I'm no prude. I even was a frontier & used a mens restroom once when I couldn't wait for the 50 women in front of me- I know how to share space. BUT....I like to wash my hands, adjust my bra & dab on lipgloss withOUT a man picking his teeth next to me. The toilets are little rooms - ceiling to floor, complete privacy. The stainless steel is a little irksome at first because it sort of resembles frosted glass (ie, can a man SEE me in here!??)...but the sinks are in shared space. I don't get it & I don't like it.So to re-cap...I love the coffee mugs.The food is delicious.I hate the bathrooms.Either hold it or go to the public ones (very clean!) next to Best of Italy.
4	We had a really great brunch at Metro, but definitely not cheap.  They have really great mimosa, and similar type drinks.  You've got to try the deep-fried bacon with maple syrup & bourbon dipping sauce...Not low fat, but so good.  A unique French-style place.
4	Go! Go Quickly! We went last night for Yelp Easts and EVERYTHING practically is on the Yelps Eats menu. My husband and I both started out with the onion tart, my friend had the escargot and her husband had the pate. The tart was fabulous and huge (perfect size for a light lunch). The escargot were a bit of a disappointment. Nothing bad but not as good as she hoped. The pate appetizer came as two slices rather than just one, a very generous portion. We all tried it and it was good (and it's made in-house). For our entree my friend and I each ordered the scallops, my husband ordered the duck and my friend's husband got the steak frites. The scallops were phenomenal. They came on a bed of house made organic creamed corn. Delicious to the last bite. My husband loved his duck. It was pounded thin and panko crusted and served on a bed of horseradish spaetzle. Granted, he loves anything panko crusted, but he did say the duck was good. I had a bite, but the panko crust turned me off (I dislike anything panko crusted). The steak frites was a huge portion and so delicious and bloody. For dessert we each ordered something different. I had the macaroon, my husband got the blueberry tart, my friend ordered the beignets and her husband ordered the sticky toffee pudding. Everyone thoroughly enjoyed their desserts. Mine (the macaroons) came layered with two different kinds of mousses - dark chocolate and maybe caramel. It got a little too sweet towards the end, but it's dessert. Par for the course. The beignets came a huge pile of them with three sauces (one of them nutella!). I will definitely come back here again and I'd like to try breakfast here too. The food was great and the atmosphere near perfect (they need to ditch the TVs - they really don't belong there). Our next Yelp Eats meal at Digestif has a lot to measure up to now.
4	We went last night to check out the Yelp Eats menu, and as Camille mentioned, nearly everything is available.  There are about 8 options for all three courses.  I was tempted to get the escargot, as they changed the preparation from the last time we were there, but our waiter, Trevor, suggested I go with the cucumber soup as that was my other choice.  The cucumber soup was cold, creamy and delicious with a substantial amount of crab meat in it along with caviar.  It was refreshing, and I'd definitely re-order.  For the second course, I had the steak frites and husband ordered the croque madame.  The steak was well cooked, juicy and not a tad overdone.  We shared the large portion of frites, and husband definitely enjoyed the croque which was served on thick brioche.For dessert, Trevor suggested the banana option, but since I'm not a big fan, we told him we were thinking about beignets or the blueberry galette.  His suggestion - the blueberry galette is seasonal and won't be around for too long, try it.  We were very glad we took his advice. My first comment to my husband was, "That looks nothing like a galette."  It didn't matter, the pastry and blueberries were still warm, topped by vanilla truffle ice cream and drizzled with lavender honey.  I don't think we put our forks down until it was gone.  I give that dessert 5 stars.The only odd thing about our meal was the pickled okra in the bloody marys.  We've had marys there before and really liked them.  The okra just started to ooze a gelatinous substance after biting off the bottom.  I have to say it was a little off-putting. I don't know if we just haven't had enough okra in our lives, but my husband only drank half of his. The jokes we started making probably didn't help.  Of course, I still finished mine.If you haven't tried Metro yet, this is definitely the week to do it!
4	For my 2nd Yelp Eats dinner, I headed to Metro Brasserie last Wednesday, 7/22.  Excluding a slight hiccup with the moules frites (I originally intended to order the scallops for my second course, but the server sold me on their "best in the valley" dish), I'd rate the food here with 5 stars!  But I'm getting ahead of myself...Setting was nice, if a little disconcerting with the two kitchens to the left of the entry way, the L-shaped dining area, culminating with the bar-counter and its TVs and more bistro tables and chairs to the right.  On my way out, I did think it cool to be able to stand outside and watch the chefs work their magic.For my 1st course, I ordered the Alsacian onion tart.  AMAZING!  Loved the thin-crust presentation, with caramelized onions, crispy smoked bacon, and gruyere cheese.  Not only was this tart so tasty and so beautiful to look at, but the proportions were ample; this appetiizer could easily feed at least three people (and I don't just mean those in the petite population, either) who plan to order entrees.  (I could get away with eating two of the six pieces with a side salad and leave satiated, and very happy with leftovers, but I'd be doing a HUGE disservice suggesting that you leave w/out having tried dessert!)As I mentioned, my server, who was efficient, yet friendly, and who answered all my questions with grace and no trace of impatience, suggested I'd go with the moules frites, instead of the scallops I'd wanted.  While waiting for the moules frites to arrive, I chatted with an older couple sitting next to me, who were nice enough to offer a taste of their onion soup (I gracefully declined).  When my entree arrived, I offered them a few mussels to taste, and with some prodding from his date, the man tried one.  His reaction?  "A little sandy, but good."  Fortunately, the server was passing by and witnessed my sharing moules with my neighbor, so he'd asked him what he thought, to which I added that I haven't found any with sand, yet.  It took me about five pieces before I found some with sand.  After that, it seemed that they all were sandy, and I just didn't feel like eating any more (which is a shame because I loved the flavor, the generous portion, and I especially loved sipping on the broth).  Speaking of the broth, it was suggested I try dipping the frites in it.  Let me just say that as soon as I had a glimpse of the frites (fries), I knew I wouldn't enjoy them.  These fries were so greasy, they weren't crispy AT ALL, but perhaps these are how bistro frites are supposed to be?  So I tried a few.  To the server's credit, the broth did wonders to the frites, but I can't make myself eat soggy, spongy-with-grease fries, so I won't be having these when I return (and I do plan on returning, since the food that followed were very, very good!)I was fortunate enough to be able to select another item for my 2nd course, and even though the server suggested I not go with the scallops being that my first seafood selection was a disappointment, I went with them, anyway.  Am I glad I did!  Three huge pieces, beautifully presented with baby turnips, crunchy asparagus, delectable saucisson Basquaise (pan-fried sausage), with a tomato vinaigrette.  (I asked that the creamed corn be omitted.)  I ate the entire dish!After mulling on which dessert to try for my 3rd course (all of them sounded fantastic!), I decided on the sticky toffee pudding, and was I ever so glad I ordered it!  I am embarrassed to admit that I finished this dish in about two minutes flat.  This toffee muffin came topped with pistachio gelato and was garnished with caramel and creme fraiche with a smattering of whole pistachios (the menu mentions blackberries, but I did not detect any),and it deserved to be savored slowly, which I attempted to, really I did.  I'd come back just to have this again (and try the others!).Service was attentive and friendly, although I was a little put-off when the decanter containing the rest of the wine pour was taken away soon after the moules frites left the table.  A little strange, that.  I also didn't like exiting the restaurant to go to the restroom, which was akin to one you'd find in a state park, or a community college: basic metal stalls and no ambience, whatsoever.  It was very warm in there, too.   But the food!  Come to Metro Brasserie for scrumptious food!  I'm happy to report that Metro offers a rotating daily dinner for 2 (entree, 500 mL of wine, and beignets) for $42.  I cannot wait to return to try this feature, as well as lunch and breakfast!*(I'm so glad most of my photos came out well- have I mentioned that I dislike dark restaurants?  I want to see my food!!)
4	Went there for lunch today and had the absolute best oysters I have ever had. Half dozen from the east coast delish! I also had the tuna tartine which was great also I had to push aside the olive side but I am just not an olive fan. My boyfriend got a chicken dish ,poulet something and gobbled it up! We both ended up fighting over the grilled corn with creme it was so so good! The service also MAde it very worth while , I asked for sangria which they didn't have however he offered to make me one and it was delish! No complaints will definatly come back!
4	Good location, good service, good steak, good fries, good bread, good cocktails. The restaurant overall has a nice set up with outside seating and an inside bar area. I wanted to order the duck, but was told it was breaded and fried so I went with the scallops. They were not great, I have definitely had better at a few other restaurants in the area. I would suggest going there, it doesn't seem over priced and they have some other tasty looking items on the menu.
3	My husband decided we should go out for a nice lunch today.  That means he wears a collared shirt and I wear something other than my standard summer attire of an old tank top and shorts I would never wear in public.  Too bad the woman I just saw at Bashas' didn't have the same philosophy-my husband was temporarily blinded when he witnessed the horror.   I digress.  We chose Metro since we had only been once before at the Yelp Adopt-A-Family UYE last year, and unfortunately, missed the Yelp Eats week.We arrived about 1:30 and were given the brunch menu.  As both the website and the menu list lunch and dinner available at 11 am on Saturday, I asked for an alternate menu.  It was disappointing that only brunch was available for the next 30 minutes and most of the entrees were breakfast items.We went ahead and ordered cocktails, and they do have an impressive cocktail menu.  I had something with blueberries, lemonade, and a ginger liqueur.  It was perfect, not overly sweet at all.  Since lunch options were limited, we shared a petit plateau ($42) which included shrimp, clams, and oysters.  I really have no idea why I suggested this since I'm generally not a fan of oysters or clams unless garlic and butter are somehow involved.  The clams had an odd taste to me, but I had never had raw clams, believe it or not.  The husband commented they weren't cleaned quite to his liking either.  The oysters were very nice, once I thoroughly soaked them in lemon juice, but hey that's just me.Since this raw shellfish lunch had virtually no calories, I was not about to share a dessert.  I ordered the sticky toffee pudding (why do they call it pudding anyway?) and it was the best.  The cake was caramelized and crunchy on the outside and moist on the inside.  The pistachio gelato was a nice accompaniment.  I also tried my husband's peach cobbler.  There were two great things about it.  One, the peaches still had a nice bite to them.  Two, it was huge, and I am always a fan of a big dessert, especially when you're sharing.Our server was great, and we never felt forgotten.  Unfortunately, the time it took to get food and drinks was completely ridiculous.  The restaurant was not that busy, yet cocktails were excruciatingly slow.  The bartender certainly did not appear to be stressed.  The seafood took so long that by the time it arrived, I am certain the lunch menu was available.   Dessert was at least 20 minutes to arrive as well.I had so much time to kill that I found myself becoming increasingly irritated by both my husband and the restaurant.  For example, if they are going to put butcher paper over the table cloth, then why don't they change the paper before they bring your dessert?   God knows they have ample time, and I didn't necessarily want to look at the paper that was spilled on and wet where the glasses had been.  Yes, I am positive it's a pleasure to dine with me.Overall, I will come back and could easily see adding on a star or two if only the kitchen could get it together.
4	Sick of the same old thing for breakfast? Then you need to head here. Go now. Do not waste another minute (unless it's evening, then go to bed now so you can get up early tomorrow). I took a friend that was visiting from out of town here on a whim as it looked cute to her when we drove past (and didn't have a line). I was not disappointed. We were seated right away in a lovely area outside. The style and decor of the restaurant is gorgeous. The women's restroom was stunning. The staff was also accommodating.I started off with a fabulous mimosa-esqe concoction that completely hit the spot. Our food came out in a flash. In fact, it was before I'd even finished my first mimosa. I had ordered bananas foster french toast. That sounds good doesn't it? Let me tell you it was simply heavenly. The presentation was exquisite and it wasn't so rich that I couldn't eat it. It was also the perfect breakfast portion (just enough that you can finish it because leftover breakfast doesn't always turn out well). I have never had such an amazing order of french toast in my life. I left still craving more.This is truly a diamond in the rough breakfast spot.
5	I loved this place!!First, my drink was delicious!  I ordered the bellini and it was definitely one of the best that I've ever had--kind of fizzy, but so good!The bread and butter was hot and delicious!I didn't LOVE the Field Salad, but it was okay.  But I did LOVE my steak and french fries!  When asked how I wanted my steak prepared, I said Medium.  The waiter suggested Medium Rare since it's a thin hanger steak.  I'm so glad he suggested that.  It was perfectly cooked for me!And I would love to try the dessert one day!  Looks delicious as well!
4	If there was one word to describe my experience at metro it would be - beignets!  But before I get to the best part, let me start at the beginning. The boyfriend and I decided to try Metro after seeing their menu as part of Yelp Eats. We didn't make it there during the event but still wanted to check it out anyway. We went on a Friday night after work and the place was busy but not packed so we were seated right away.The menu is somewhat small but with many tasty looking options. One thing I would have liked were better descriptions of what the food was. I don't know much about French food so there were several items that were unfamiliar to me, including what I ordered.It was listed as a Croque Monsieur O Madame and was described as ham and cheese on bread (essentially.) But when I went to order it the waiter asked me "which one?" I guess I should have realized the O was OR but there was only one option on the menu so I was confused. He said the Madame meant it came with an egg.  Maybe if you're really into french food you know this. I didn't, and I think it should be listed on the menu. Plus Madame = egg. Well okay yeah I get it but, ew?The boyfriend ordered a cheeseburger. No confusion there! He got a side salad and I got fries as my side because that's the kind of lady I am. And we got an extra side of mac and cheese - It had been a long week. First I have to mention the bread that comes out before the meal was SO good. You get a bucket of mini baguettes with herb butter. Delish!Our food came out quickly. My sandwich was huge. And I will say the egg kinda made the dish. The bread was a little hard but otherwise it had a good flavor. The fries (or should I say pommes frites!) were amazing. They had an herb seasoning on them ad they came with an aoli on the side for dipping. YUM.The boyfriend said the burger was just okay, a little dry and overcooked. The mac and cheese was very tasty - served in a little cast iron dish so it stayed warm for a long time. And the breadcrumbs on top were a nice touch.Okay, so now we get to the best part. Being a donut lover of course we had to order beignets. They come 6 to a plate with 3 dipping sauces - chocolate, vanilla and raspberry. They were so fresh and soft and the sauces were flavorful. The perfect end to the dinner. The only minus was that they were $7. That's over a dollar per beignet. Full sized donuts are 80 cents. But they were good so I let it slide.So if nothing else I'd go back just for the fries and beignets. Au Revoir!
4	Escape to France on Mondays for $30Sixteen guests seated at a long table across from each otherFamily style meal with more than enough for allWine pairings from different parts of FranceTonight was Oysters on the half shell from WA (2 each), Heirloom tomatoes with basil and olive oil (three large platters), Whole roasted red snapper (three large platters with very large fish), Ratatouille (three kettles), Date and nut condiment with cheese (two large platters), Blueberry pie with truffle-honey gelato (three large platters)Hurry up with local newspaper ad last week reservations are filling fast for the remaining dates in Aug and Sep...
4	I was looking for some place to go to Breakfast this Sunday morning and Metro Brasserie came up on Yelp. Went about 8:30 am, which is nice, still plenty of parking. I had the Andoullie Sausage breakfast which is wonderfully grilled (a bit charred, which I like) and served on top of the most wonderful grits you have ever tasted (fresh corn taste and a nice rough texture) and on top is two fried eggs (had mine over easy). Cost is about $12 and fresh squeezed orange juice was $2. I'm not a huge fan of everything layered so next time I will ask for the eggs on the side but still, those grits, like something you read about in gourmet magazine, so good! As for the coffee, I would recommend they get a better supplier, maybe the locally roasted coffee from the Cartel Coffee Lab in Tempe and they should consider putting fresh cucumber slices in their water pitchers, to add an extra refreshing taste, like they do at Sens Asian Tapa bar - well worth the price though and I consider it an excellent place to eat breakfast on a Sunday morning.
4	Great for lunch or dinner, some good buys on the wine list, and well prepared food.  My only complaint is that the portions are huge and I overeat.  A wonderful rendition of a french bistro in Arizona.
4	LOVED IT!OkI love French food.I love cajun food.Thus, I love this place.I came here for a Saturday brunchHad the croque monsieur.So good!Unlike the croque monsieur's typically found in France, this one was served on a very thick French brioche type bread, and was filled with chipped ham and gruyere cheese, then topped with a bechamel sauce.OMG.Very rich, very unhealthy, very tasty.To wash it down, I had some sort of champagne and elder cocktail.  Also delicious.I also thought it was very reasonably priced.I can't wait to come back and try more things at this place.
4	10/15Popped in for a late lunch constituting of an Alsatian onion tart and a glass of wine.  I stopped by during happy hour, which meant the tart was $7 (orig. $9), and $2 off glasses of wine.  Bartender Jimmy was kind enough to give me samples of two reds and a rose, before I decided on a Riesling, instead.  Enjoyed the generous pour, which was later added to when Jimmy accidently knocked the decanter down when we shook hands :)  The tart came out a little burnt, and the gruyere was replaced with a milder "fromage blanc," but overall, it still made for a very tasty lunch/dinner!  Photos will prove that I ate at least 5.5 slices.  Read my lips: I ATE THE WHOLE THING.Happy hour apps menu include onion soup gratin, country pate, escargots, onion tart, and a frisee salad for about $2 less than standard menu.  $5 IPAs, $3 off wine cocktails (reg. $10), and $2 off glasses of wine.  (I'm sure there are discounts on drafts and bottles, too, but since I'm not a beer-drinker, I didn't make a special note of this.)  I hope more food will be added to the menu.  Sad news: the toffee sticky pudding has been omitted from the current menu, with no hope of it coming back again.  (Strange that, since Jimmy said it was a very popular dessert.)  The crowd this Monday afternoon was very thin (4:00'ish)- a couple of tables outside, and me at the bar.  A man sat at a table behind me waiting for his date, and another man who recently relocated from San Fran sat a couple of seats from me later on.  Looks like a decent wine list.  Another HH special- a complimentary cheese plate ($18 value) accompanies each bottle of wine ordered (prices range from $30 and up)!
4	I love Metro Brasserie.Why?I've been to France a kajillion times and it's a quintessential corner French Bistro.  No, it's certainly not "The French Laundry" which is not even a Bistro, but if you're looking for the classic experience, the food is spot on, great service and some good French classics for those that are looking for a reliable and delicious culinary excursion to France.Steak Frites are about as close as you're going to get to L'Entrecote as you're going to get outside of France.
3	I had bookmarked this place because I had read a review that said at the happy hour, which runs 3 to 6 p.m. including Saturday and Sunday, "Oysters are only $1 each and all wines by the glass are $2 off, but guests can linger of a complimentary cheese plate if they purchase a full-priced bottle of wine. And this is one of the best, biggest, most elegant cheese plates in the city. I swear I have tried most of them," which I incorrectly attributed to a fellow Yelper but, really, had read in a MetroMix post on AzCentral, so I should not be too surprised that the cheese plate was WEAK and IF I had paid for it I would have been VERY disappointed: 3 slices of smoked gouda, 6 slices of white American and two thin squares of Blue. There was a mound of fruit relish (I'm guessing currants, though our server never did confirm) and a splash of preserve (guessing strawberry, but it had no real purpose any way, except to decorate the plate). The toasted bread that accompanied the cheese plate was good and there were inexpensive options for bottles, which I had not anticipated. That said, the oysters really were only $1 each and though not a connoisseur, I thought they tasted fresh and delicious and that WAS confirmed by my happy hour companions who do consider themselves connoisseurs. So, my point: happy hour is good here. Go for the oysters. Skip the cheese plate. You can do better sampling at the deli counter at Fry's.
5	After a couple of visits to Metro.....I can without a doubt say that I am a fan!  The food is always delicious and the service is excellent!  I first went to Metro in search of beingets, which are excellent and much better than Grand Lux Cafe's, but i fell in love with all the other savory dishes they have to offer.The French onion soup is amazing, but you must try the Moules & Frites (Mussels and Fries)....they are sensational....and the portion is enormous!  They give you this herbed mayo as a dipping sauce for the fries...and with the hot crunchy fries...it is awesome.Last time I tried the duck, also a another winner.  It is breaded in a panko crust and served with spaetzle!  The good German girl in me really loved the spaetzle!During the cooler months, they have a great patio with lots of people viewing opportunities.  With all of the recent closures of the restaurants in the South Bridge center....let's hope that Metro sticks around!
4	I have visited Metro a few times now, and I will undoubtedly keep going! No matter come for a Sunday brunch or a dinner night, this is always one of my top choices in old town. The food was never disappointed, and service was great!We like to seat in the patio, enjoy the delicious food while enjoy the sunshine and/or the live music. I have tried many dishes here, my favorite is the Steak Frites (steak and fries), the steak is cut to strips, juicy and tender,the portion of the fries is huge and really good!!! The escargots are just okay, they are baked in a plate that are mixed with mushrooms, beans, celery roots and ham, not like the other ones I had were baked individually into a plate with small holes (or whatever that called...) And for dessert, the Beignet is AMAZING! They are little doughnuts come with three kinds dipping sauce, vanilla bean, nutella, and raspberry. This is definitely a must-try dessert for anyone! Can't wait for my next visit!
4	Had a wonderful meal here recently with my Husband. Usually we will order completely opposite meals at restaurants to get an overall taste but decided to try Metro's dinner for two because it was too good a deal to pass up. We decided on the Cassoulet - duck confit, braised lamb, saucisson, tomato confit and white beans .... this was truly delicious, tender and juicy. With the meal for two you are given 500 ml of the house wine - red or white ..... we chose the red to go with the red meat. Of course being the house wine I was not expecting much at all but was blown away by this one! This was one of the tastiest Bordeaux's I have ever had - Chateau Puy Borein - Graves. Our waiter  recommended a few places we could possibly purchase it (as I must have this again!) .... they do sell some great wines in their retail store within the restaurant but this one unfortunately is not for sale there. I highly recommend you order the house red when dining though!! Assuming it does not change of course....may want to double check that. My husband being the gentleman he is saw how much I loved the wine and only had one glass letting me finish off the rest! : ) Bless him. For dessert the Dinner for Two gives you the Beignets ..... wow ... I had read on previous reviews here not to miss these .... so was very happy to see them included with this dinner. The reviews were correct about this amazingly delicious dessert ... still smiling when I think of it.The food, wine and staff are all five star .... only thing I would change is to make the atmosphere a little more cozy .... some people may not like this but I don't think sport should be playing on tv when eating French food.
4	I slept in today and worked up an appetite doing some shopping and socializing at the Old Town Farmers Market.  It was after 12 noon when I realized I was starving since I hadn't eaten breakfast.  (I realize this may be normal for some, but this is rare for me - I eat breakfast every day!)Jared and I wanted to stay in the area and we finally agreed to head over to Metro.  We had Minnie with us, so we planned on sitting outside.  Unfortunately, despite having a patio, Metro does not allow dogs.  We ended up having Minnie sit right outside the barrier to the patio while we sat at the table right inside the barrier and we took turns going out to keep her company.  Needless to say, this was not the most relaxing brunch, but we were starving and didn't want to head elsewhere!Jared had the oatmeal and I had the egg white omelette with cheese grits and wheat toast.  I'm still a fan of the breakfast/brunch at Metro more than lunch or dinner... The service was alright; not overly friendly... and it must've been Bill's day off because we didn't see him either.  Bummer!Bottom line: Metro is a great spot for breakfast in my opinion... but unfortunately, they are not dog-friendly!
4	Had breakfast here with my honey on the way to the airport to go back home to Cali. The restaurant was very clean and the decor was contemporary.We were immediately seated and given menus and a glass of water. I immediately noticed the menu consisted of a fusion of french and southern foods. I ordered an egg white omelet, it came with potatoes, and toast. I also had a mimosa. My husband ordered the quiche lorraine which came with a salad. He also ordered a bloody mary. We also ordered beignets (we couldn't resist) which came with raspberry sauce, nutella, and a vanilla bean sauce. The food as GREAT and cheap! The raspberry sauce was good enough to write home and tell mom. The beignets was not as good as the ones you get from the famous Cafe du Mond in New Orleans but they were very tasty. I wish we would have discovered this place sooner.
4	Thought I was back in Brussels!  Moules-Frites-Beignets AWESOME!  Loved it.But if you sit outside when there's entertainment, bring your ear plugs--loud, loud, loud.
3	3.5 stars I have mixed feelings about Metro. On one hand, I ADORE their oysters during the happy hour. They have decent drink deals. On the other hand, I haven't been truly blown away by their dishes. The restaurant is just A-ok with me. And I'm ok with that. My first visit was for restaurant week. While I can't remember exactly what I had, what I do remember were the perfectly cooked scallops. They were so tender but perfectly seared on both sides. On my return visit, I had a macaroni and cheese dish that had ham and sauerkraut in it. While I left satisfied, I wasn't amazed. My third visit was for happy hour. I ate lots of fresh and delicious oysters, while my buddies ordered the "famous" cheese platter (yawn, don't bother) and the escargot (another disappointing app). So what do I think? I think that Metro is good for drinks, oysters, and a decent dinner. I think the service is great. I think it's an a-ok place in my book!
4	We loved this place for a lot of reasons great atmosphere, music, and food. The fried bacon was great, but it wasn't what you would think. Very nice. Brunch was great on Sun. Sit outside if it isn't too hot you'll enjoy it....Whatch out for the bloody mary's though they're a little on the spicy side.
3	Mussels Great Again, but service was disappointing. Server had an "attitude" and served a wine refill when not ordered and then served very expensive wine without asking if that was the one we wanted. Disappointing.
3	I really had high hopes for this place prior to coming here.  It being in Scottsdale in a really nice location and all...but I wasn't terribly impressed w/their food.  I mean, it was good...but the only thing that stood out was the fresh squeezed OJ.I was dying for some moules frites and was excited to be getting some here.  The mussels were really tender and the broth light yet full of flavor (I would have drank it all up if they'd given me a straw)...but the fries weren't hot or crispy enough...it felt like it was almost there...but didn't quite make it.  We also had the pate (which was good), the onion tart (which no one cared for that much), the french onion soup (which was okay), medallions of filet mignon w/blue cheese (great flavor & texture combo but on the salty side), and beef burgundy (which tasted a bit like stewed ropes).I know we also had some desserts...but it must not have been very memorable because I can't think of it (and I'm a dessert person first and foremost).
3	3.5 stars.Food = very goodService = not bad, though it took 20 minutes to get the check after we were done.  He apologized.Drink (singular)= Amaretto Sour at Metro B.= not made with Amaretto but cost =  $ 12.00 USD.  I drew a picture of one dude plowing another dudes ass on the bill to show my displeasure.  I'll pay 12.00 a drink for a fine Bordeaux, or something huge and colorful that's to be drunk from a monkey's skull.  Not a lowboy filled with amaretto substitute and cherry juice.  Metro B, get your shit together.
4	I have been wanting to try this place for a while now and finally had the perfect excuse. The lovely patio made the perfect setting for a reunion brunch with old friends from out of town! A great wine list and awesomely spicy bloody mary's set us off on the right foot. We had to try the tempura-fried bacon with bourbon maple syrup... a friend's review had the batter as too thick, but a solid effort. However, I think it was perfect; had the whole doughnut appeal with the salty bacon surprise in the middle!To counteract the fat intake, I ordered the salmon fume' (smoked salmon, cooked egg, shallots, cured lemon, caviar). Everything arrived in individual little piles on a wooden platter so anyone squeamish about any ingredients could just avoid them altogether. I, on the other hand, polished off every bite. It was all very fresh and light with great flavor.The friends all really enjoyed their meals and I got kudos a-plenty for suggesting such a great place to meet. Even the toddler gave rave reviews, eating almost the entire plate of sour cream-hazelnut waffles with warm berry compote... he had the berry stains everywhere to prove it!
4	The boyfriend and I stopped in Metro on a Sunday morning while wandering Old Town in search of brunch.  I had been wanting to stop in here for some time... Wish I had made it in sooner! We sat indoors after deciding it was too warm on the patio (I might've been a lil hungover) and they were very nice about relocating us.  On to the food... I ended up ordering the chicken salad on croissant. Yummm! The golden raisins and sliced apples made this sandwich delectable.  It also seemed there was some kind of marmalade on the sandwich.  The boyfriend had the salmon and ate every morsel on his plate, but admitted to jealousy that mine was better.  Service was really good, food was very good.   I'm hoping to get back and try their happy hour and late night menus some time soon!
4	Stopped by twice this past week, a Tuesday and a Wednesday during happy hour. What a shame the place was vacant.  Sat at the bar and enjoyed some wine and appetizers. The menu looked scrumptious with some unusal choices not available elsewhere. They bake their own bread and pastries.  I tried the fries with mushroom gravy and guyere cheese. Yummy.  A ham and cheese sandwich with mornay sauce was excellent.  Staff is very friendly.  The food here is too good to pass by. If you haven't been here it is worth the trip.  They have Sunday brunch too which will be my next visit.
3	Food:  Good to OKService: Good to OKOysters; YummyLike Dottsy Z., I haven't been blown away by anything, and I've tried probably a third of the menu.  Everything has been at least "good". but considering the prices, I'm on the edge as to how enthusiastically to recommend the place.  Service has always been courteous, which goes a long way with me, but a few times the waits have been oddly long at times that weren't busy.The French onion soup is a hit for me, although I'd like slightly less brioche.  Served in a mini-tureen, the gruyere is baked perfectly, overflowing the sides in crispy yumminess.  The pate plate is interesting, but much to my disappointment it's not a liver pate.  The frites are almost British style - hot soft and limp, fabulous if you like that style, which I do.  The outdoor patio is lovely, but can be crammed with tourists toting mewling babies and screaming tots when the weather is nice.
4	This casual French restaurant has seen many other restaurants try and succeed in the ever-popular SouthBridge/Old Town area. If Metro's dinner menu is any indication of future success, then we might see those doors close once again. The paltry dinner menu leaves much to be desired; much of what you see could easily -- and maybe it is -- be found on the lunch menu. Maybe it's the French way, though -- drinking wine and other libations during meals and happy hour is what's probably driving most of its weekday clientele to Old Town. Hey, it's hot outside and the economy isn't doing anybody favors. Restaurants must have some dish, low price or specials to drive people away from their homes and out to spend money.Thankfully, that dish happens to be an amazing cassoulet, comprised of duck confit, braised lamb, saucisson, tomato confit and white beans. Available for two people, the $42 price also includes unlimited house red or white wine -- and, possibly best of all, beignets for dessert. This cassoulet isn't what you would typically find in the famous French dish. But it works. The various meat's are full of flavor and aroma, and taste excellent! Add in some red wine and it feels somewhat authentic. A recent family vacation to New Orleans left me beyond impressed with the sights, sounds, feel and, of course, the famous cuisine. Of course a visit to the once southern French colony is not complete without stopping by Cafe Du Monde for some authentic beignets. The famous fritters covered with powdered sugar are a New Orleans treat, and something you don't often find on a restaurant's dessert menu. While the hot bite of hot, fried dough topped with powdered sugar isn't top-of-the-line dessert by today's standards, it's a treat that is unique and simple, and that satisfies the appetites for any who try it.Curse me for saying this, but Metro Brasserie's beignets might be better or at least on par with Cafe Du Monde's. The fritters come in an order of five, along with three amazing dipping choices: nutella, vanilla cream or raspberry coulis. The chocolate and raspberry sauces splashed on a beignet makes for a delectable end to an otherwise amazing dining experience unparalleled in the Phoenix area. A return visit to Metro Brasserie is a soon must -- I hear the brunch is something to try. Hopefully those unique and amazing tastes ala the cassoulet and beignets can again be duplicated. But here's hoping that dinner menu gets spiced up a little more to draw in more Phoenicians to experience this unique French hangout.
3	The menu is not extensive but most of the dishes looked appealing. As a huge fan of beets I started with the Roasted Beet Tartare.  My advice, skip it.  Flavorless.  However, the Pommes Frites shared by the table were fabulous.  For my entree I decided on the Rainbow Trout since  I just got back from a vacation in Montana and wished I was still there instead of back at work!  It was cooked nicely, although for me, the skin could have been a little crispier so it was edible.  No biggie, just left it on my plate.  The portions were good and for Old Town, I thought the price was extremely reasonable.  The atmosphere was pretty good although it was Tuesday night and therefore pretty slow.  We did have one customer come up to our table at the end of his meal and tell us we were being loud and obnoxious and they could not enjoy their meal.  Since we were six ladies enjoying a "book club" meeting he might not have been too far off but several members of the staff came up later and told us it was nice to see people enjoying themselves and to not worry about it.  Based on my experience and other reviews I think I'll definitely be going back for happy hour!
4	BEST BURGER i have had in the valley!!!  Soooo good!!! Mmmm.  Have been here twice and have gotten the burger both times... Both times service wass just ok, but the burger was A+
3	The wait staff were bitchy. Burger was good. Roasted chicken salad sucked. But the deep-fried BACON (that's right) was well worth the trip.
1	Brought a group to Metro for brunch, made the reservation a month ago, called three days ago to update and ask to be outside and people arrived and were told there was no reservation. Finally spoke with the manager and had that sorted out but when I asked for our tables outside and they couldn't accommodate. Having the bartender wait on a party of 18 was idiotic. Not enough menus, slow, horrible drinks, no silverware, soup was burnt-how do you burn soup??? Attempting to fix the situation with beignets was a nice attempt until we heard the server swearing about having to deal with us. I host events all over the valley and never have I experienced service as horrible as I did at Metro. They have recently changed management, unfortunately the great reviews I read when I made the reservation don't hold true anymore.Update 11/8/2010Since my first review I received a $50 gift certificate from the management of Metro.  I decided to go for dessert last Friday night with 5 of my friends.  I knew I couldn't just go with one other person, it had to be a group to show what they could do.  We arrived at 9:15 and were seated on the patio.  I met the general manager and she was pleasant enough, I never saw her again.  There was no one seated inside and the patio was half full.Jesse greeted us and was the most attentive and understanding server when two guests needed to return their drinks to the bar because they were not made properly - it was a specialty drink from their cocktail menu.We ordered beignets, apple bread pudding and triple chocolate delight.  The beignets and apple bread pudding were good.  The triple chocolate delight had absolutely no chocolate flavor at all.Jesse was by far an excellent server and if you go ask to be seated in his section.
4	Before I forget, I need to say that the location is perfect, particularly on the patio in November when it's a dreamlike 70 degrees at 7:30pm.  We were there last Thursday and the courtyard area of the waterfront had a peaceful level of pedestrian activity and a folksy band playing music nearby (including a flutist with her own unique Katie Perry interpretation).We started with the Oysters. I am no shellfish expert but these looked fresh, and they tasted good, even better with a little extra horseradish and cocktail sauce.  We also tried the escargot. The only low point of my meal. I have had some pretty good escargot dishes in my day, usually swimming in a mild garlic butter sauce, however Metro's were doomed by a combination of rich green pesto and a breaded crust. If they had stuck with the pesto sauce it would have been great, the crusty breading just made it a little too complex. The poor little snail was overwhelmed. A dinner companion started with a salad nicoise with poached egg. I had a bite and it was excellent. One of my favorite salads. I love the taste of the cool lettuce and dressing with just a hint of warm, rich egg yolk. For my main course I had the roast chicken with mashed potatoes. It sounds simple but was anything but simple. The chicken was deconstructed, bones and skin removed, then the dark and white meats were put back together in a sort of roll, wrapped in the skin and roasted to perfection. I never order chicken at restaurants because it's usually so bland, but this was fantastic. Even better with the mashed potatoes and the small amount of mushroom & onion red wine reduction.  I could have used more of that sauce. The service was good, our waiter definitely knew the menu well and he was attentive throughout the evening and patient when our party was indecisive.  And on a final note, I finished the night off with a Keoke Coffee. A family favorite.  Very flavorful, but the next day I had a horrendous hangover. I think the bartender was a little too generous with the brandy.  Not that I am complaining, just a word of caution.
5	If you are looking for some really great French food in a relaxed atmosphere, this is the spot. I recommend three quality dishes: 1) The Handmade tagliatelle pasta served with braised rabbit, 2) Steak Frites and (as  starter) 3) Frisee aux lardons....this is a perfect salad served with lardons and a poached egg atop with a coarse mustard viniagrette dressing.
4	Love the onion tarte, and the tagliatelle with rabbit was good...the poutine needed more cheese and gravy though!  I like the beavers choice poutine much better!  Overall, was great with good deals for happy hour on starters and drinks!
3	I had high hopes for Metro after longing to visit after my last dinner which had left a good impression on me . Despite some positive press review, I found Metro to be terribly disappointing this time around and lacking substance or lacking for a better word.Service started off great and then went aloof from there as if we did not exist. The breakfast was nothing reminiscent of a French bistro or brasserie whatsoever. What happened to the wonderful croissants and pains au chocolat ? Borrowing from another review, service was indeed ridiculously slow and indifferent.I really wanted to see you succeed Metro, but I kinda lost faith. I hope you put a little bit more work in the service delivery and decoration of your awfully cold and depressing dining room.
4	Delicious.  Some of the best hanger steak and pommes frites.  Some of the best desserts around with the beignents and creme brulee.  The one thing I don't like is the truffled ice cream.  That was a bit much even for me.  Barring that, everything else was delicious and not a bad price point.
2	A friend and I had lunch at Metro Brasserie and though we liked the atmosphere of the place, the food left something to be desired. We ordered the Crab Maison for a starter except it never came because the server failed to input the order. Though he was friendly, he should have confirmed our order since he later admitted he was confused. As for the food that did arrive, it was only okay. My girlfriend tried the Rainbow Trout, which was significantly overshadowed flavor-wise by the bed of lentils. The dish might improve if the lentils were served as a side rather than a bed and also if the trout was served sans skin. I ordered the Quiche Lorraine. While I realize restaurants vary on their interpretation of Quiche Lorraine, I did not expect Metro Brasserie to vary so significantly. The menu clearly stated smoked bacon (as expected with a Lorraine) as part of the dish, yet we were hard pressed to find or taste any bacon at all. In general, the quiche was pleasantly light and fluffy but utterly failed in the expectation set forth by the menu and also the fact that it was called "Quiche Lorraine." C'est la vie. At least the side salad of greens and a light vinaigrette was nice. In the end, the company (my friend) saved the meal but I am not sure I would visit Metro Brasserie again outside of a happy hour -- i.e. cocktails and appetizers -- that is if I can make the early limited hours of 3pm - 6pm. Otherwise, I will save the main course for another restaurant.
3	This place is pretty good.  Had the burger and it was tasty.  I would not say this place is exception; it's ok.  Main reason for 3 stars is that it's very expensive for what you get.  A beer, burger & 1 small appetizer were in the $45 range.  ouchI could go either way.
5	I can't say the food was tastiest thing on the menu that night because I didn't have any, more like that exceptional Mojito from the extremely entertaining bartender that made this lady give it five stars. Stopped in for a pre-cocktail before dinner and didn't pay much attention to the crowd (just seemed like your run-of-the-mill insta French restaurant) and likely will go back for a Mojito next time I'm in town, yes, I know it's a French restaurant. Cheers!
5	I have a soft spot for Brasseries. And burgers. So this place was an immediate win for me. I have to say, I think Chelsea's burger was a little better, but I bet a lot of people would disagree with me. Chelsea's is just a great burger - the way you expect a burger to be. The Metro has an amazing fancy burger. ;) Which as also absolutely delicious. It just depends on what you're in the mood for. I LOVE the atmosphere as well. The wait staff was very nice. The other customers were nice, and we wandered around Scottsdale aferwards. All in all, a great place. A friend mentioned that they have a fantastic brunch, so I'll be back for that.
1	I hate the people who wright long negative reviews but I am EXTREMELY upset we wasted our time here. Last night my boyfriend and I went on a double date to Metro Brasserie for Valentines day. This particular Valentines happened to be particularly significant for us. We had plans to start dinner at 6, grab some ice cream down the street, and had reservations at another function after at 8. Upon arriving we found that our reservation was not for the correct time, however they were not busy at all and got us a nice table (right on the walkway) out on the patio. When our server finally decided to come and take our drink order, we had had enough time to know our complete order, drinks, apps, and entrees. When 7:15 rolled around we still did not have our entrees, someone came by and told us that one of our stakes was overdone, had to be re-fired and that it would be about 5-7 minutes longer. At 7:45 we FINALLY received our food, my boyfriends burger was much too rare and sent it back (at that time we realized the server never asked how he would like it cooked). Since we had reservations elsewhere at 8:00 we threw all of our food into to-go boxes at an attempt to make it. We talked to a manager (who happened to be the person who told us that it would be 5-7 minutes longer PSH!) he took 50% off our bill, leaving our total bill for 4 people at $150! To top it all off, in our rush to make our next reservation WE FORGOT OUR FOOD WE DIDN'T GET TO EAT ON THE TABLE! I am so unbelievably upset that we choose to spend an extremely special night here and ended up, hungry, pissed off, AND missed our next reservation. I will NEVER EVER EVER tell anyone one good thing about this restaurant, and it looks like were not the only ones. THANK YOU METRO BRASSERIE FOR RUINING 4 PEOPLES VALENTINES DAY!!!!!!!
5	I have eaten here several times.  It is my little slice of the French Quarter in Scottsdale.  The beignets were as good as they get...especially with the sauces that come with them.  I have also had the escargot which were superb, as well as the onion tart and the salmon, also great.  For lunch, I have had the burger and it rocks, seriously!...oh, did I say the beignets were amazing?!Each time I have been there, the service has been great.  I love sitting outside on their patio...it has great atmosphere!
