3	I was getting my nails done at the salon next door when I saw a flier advertising for Geno's. I'm a vegetarian but my husband loves meat so I tucked a flier in my purse.This evening I showed my husband the flier and and he saw the veggie/meat options. So we hopped in the car and drove around the corner. The place was packed - always a good sign. We placed our order and was told it would be a 20 minute wait. Kinda long... but what the heck, we had nowhere else to be.The food was delicious and my husband loved his sandwich. I found it concerning that the veggie sandwich (cheese,onion,pepper, mushroom) cost the same as the other subs. $9 for a veggie sandwich? My husband thought the price was fair for a full meat sub but certainly not a veggie. Sadly, as much as we liked this place I don't picture myself spending this much on a veggie sandwich in the future. I really wish they would reconsider the price on this item - it was expensive :(Try the Zub sauce - it was great!
5	Finally got a chance to try Geno's today! I've been waiting for a good sandwich shop to open in my neighborhood! I had the "Geno's Italian" on wheat not toasted. It was perfect. Thinly slice onions and tomatoes, full of meat (big fan of boar's head), cheese, lettuce and house dressing. My boyfriend had the pastrami on white (no Swiss) it was also very good, the only issue was we had asked for it to be toasted and it was not... No biggie the place was poppin'. Being in the industry, I know how it is opening a new place with new staff getting worked... I have high hopes for this place. Ps I think the negative review on here might just be a competitor... LAME.
5	Oh man....I've longed for a good cheesesteak place in my 'neck of the woods' FOREVER.This last time was actually my second trip going in.  The first trip ended up with me empty handed, because they had run out of bread. But the owner saw my disappointing 'sulk' as I walked to my car and called me in.  He wrote me a 'free cheesesteak' note and told me to come back (which he really didn't have to....I would have anyways).I got the Geno's famous with mushroom and onions.  Normally I get provalone cheese, and forgot to order that, instead of the Whiz.  Wow......I'm glad I did!!   Wit Whiz was delicious! The sandwich was enormous (I got the larger size) and was packed with meat, onions and mushrooms.  I posted a pic on my Facebook, and it generated 47 comments. Hopefully, a lot of those people will also try out Geno's.I think an earlier reviewer had said something about the sandwich being too small for the price, but on 'bread-less' night, the owner had explained to me they were having problems with the bread.  With the delivery and the sizing, but all the kinks are worked out. (C'mon people, they've only been opened for a couple of weeks....cut them some slack).Anyways, I'm headed back, most likely, on a weekly basis now.  The owners are cool, and the cashier was really nice too.  And will probably try all kinds of different sandwiches, since the "regular" was that good.
4	Welcome Geno's!  We needed a great cheesesteak in the East Valley.A group of friends and I went there a week after they opened.  We all enjoyed our sandwiches..they have a good variety.I got the mushroom and cheese and it was very tasty.Great service and we were impressed seeing the care they took at checking to make sure the restrooms were clean and tidy.4 stars for not having brewed ice teas..just the "push my button" machines.
5	My wife and I have already been to Geno's about 7-8 times since it opened and we continue to go there.  We love the food.  I have always gotten something different every time I but and have always enjoyed what I have gotten. They have plenty of options to cater to any type of taste. My wife likes to make her sandwich custom, and she pretty much gets that every time. BTW, I don't agree with the 2 star review, everything they said has not been my experience. They are most likely a competitor (located 5 miles away).  Also that reviewer is a new member with only 1 review, very suspicious...
4	The Geno's Famous Cheesesteak was excellent.I'm starting the review off with a 4-star (yay i'm a fan) but not because anything was wrong... I've only been in there once and have yet to try everything nor have I tried the delicatessen side of the board. If it's as good as the cheesesteak was though... it'll easily be a 5.So the Geno's Famous. I didn't get any custom stuff, just the way Geno's wants it. It was excellent. The bread was very good too, very soft and even the corners were baked right and not hard like others I've had in az. They don't use whiz, which technically could be an issue for some but I'm not getting into that argument because I'm not from philly and I don't care. Some cheesesteak places pride themselves on it, others have their own mix - it's all good to me because I get to eat it all :)  The onions were cooked very good, real soft and tasty but didn't take away from the meat. Speaking of, the meat was very good, like a distinct taste I can't really put my head around just yet - I need another one to pin it down. But it was very good meat.  So with all that said... the sandwich rocked - I'll easily be back for sure.Venue... very clean in and out, very visible location from Williams Field road north side. The girl actually spotted it the other night when we hit up the froyo place across the way. Walked in right up to the counter. Service was fast and cordial.  Upon taking a picture (for yelp of course) a guy started talking to me, whom seemed to be the owner perhaps? Nice guy, asked what we ordered and suggested I tried some of their sauce... he made sure we got that added on the side before we left.. Not sure if he's Geno, but nice fella.Forgot to mention the fries...  Fries either suck hard or their just good. These fries were just good and pushing damn tasty... I dont know if it's the oil they use or some special seasoning (didn't seem salty at all tho) but they were good. It's on rare occasion that I finish a basket of fries.Overall I suggest you check it out. I'm sure that was the best cheesesteak I've had in Arizona so I can't wait to return and try another variant and see what they have to offer behind the deli because there needs to be some good lunch places out here in Gilbert... Geno's is off to a great start.  See you in there.
4	I've only been here once but I must say it was a delicious experience! Although I felt they put wayyy tooo much mustard on my pastrami sandwich, my little sister loved their bbq philly, and the garlic fries were divine!I'll definitely be going back to try something new on the menu...we'll see if my review changes ;)
4	This was our first visit to Geno's Cheesesteak & Deli after seeing people talk about it on Twitter.  We LOVED the sandwiches we had.  I 'only' gave 4 stars due to it being our first visit and we all had variations of the same sandwich 'Geno's Famous Philly.  In my opinion, Geno's Famous Philly is a 5 star sandwich.  My daughter and I shared a whole sandwich, made just like it is on the menu (grilled onions & Geno's cheese sauce), my hubby had the same sandwich adding green peppers and my daughters boyfriend had the same sandwich adding mushrooms.  The meat was tender and so tasty, the grilled onions were perfect and the sauce was delicious.  The rolls were like 'sub' rolls we are use to having grown up in Massachusetts!  We will definitely be going back and I'd love to say we'll try other things but it's really hard to find a great cheesesteak here in AZ so we might just stick with what we know!  They also have burgers, hot dogs, gyros, wings, salads and deli sandwiches on the menu.Oh we also had 2 orders of regular fries and 1 order of garlic fries!  All were great and if you like garlic I recommend the garlic fries for sure!The staff was very friendly, the place was busy but the line to order moved very quickly and the food was also served quickly.And yes, this is my first review!
5	We saw this place as we were leaving the froyo place across the street and came back later that week to check it out. It's on the North side of Williams Field Rd, west of ValVista (in the strip next to Blue 32 Sports Grill). We walked in and went straight up to the counter to order; the employee was nice & helpful taking our orders and payment quickly. We then waited by one of the tables as we ordered to go. One of the managers/owners (I assume) came over to us and started talking when he saw Chuck take a picture of their wall mural. After Chuck said he was taking the picture to put on Yelp, the guy was like "are you guys going to write a review?" and asked us what we ordered and gave us their "sub sauce" to try - very nice guy. After we got home, I dug into my original cheesesteak and it was delicious. The meat had great flavor and had the perfect amount of cheese on it (maybe a few too many onions for my taste, but no biggie). Their fries were amazing - I have no idea why they were so good, but they had the perfect texture/consistency that I wish I had room for more in my belly. Excited to go back and try something else off their menu.
2	Waited until we tried this place 4x before leaving this review.1st time: Excellent. Bread a bit dry but other than that, excellent Cheeseteak and Fries.2nd time: Horrible. Very dry Bread. Worst Rueben we have ever had.3rd time: Corn beef sandwich was like eating cardboard, Cheesesteak was good but the bread was dry4th time: Horrible. Tried their Parmesean and Garlic wings, had no taste at all. Tasted like just Chicken wings fried and served. Not even any salt. PASS! Cheesesteak was dry and the meat was overcooked. Tried the Rueben again. 2 tiny slices of Pastrami between 2 dry pieces of bread.This place has SERIOUS consistency issues. Which is not surprising because they also have a pizza joint by the same name which has great thin NY style slices if you go during the day but if you order a Large pizza it is god awful and doughy.
4	I went to med school in Philadelphia and far and away the ONLY good thing about that city was cheesesteaks. Most places , even the "authentic" ones are poor imitations. Geno's is authentic, delicious, stupendous. So if you want to totally blow your diet-at least it will be worth it
5	As a person watching what I eat, I thought a place like Geno's was the last place I'd eat in. Boy, was I ever wrong! Their selection was very good as far as what I can and cannot eat. Regardless of where you go, you have to be smart with your choices! He owner and staff were very friendly. The service was great. And the food was awesome! Have been back twice in one week... May have to extend that streak. Definitely a place to try but be careful, you may get hooked!
2	Meh pretty much sums it up. I got their regular cheese steak w/ provolone, add bacon. The bread wasn't too bad but I found the meat to be dry and tasteless. Fries were ... just fries. Def not worth $8, won't be going back anytime soon.
5	Great Sandwiches!! I first tried Geno's when they opened their smaller store on Higley and Germann. My husband and I feel in love with their cheese steaks. They are seriously the best I've had since I moved west from NY 15 years ago! That location also has inexpensive pizza, which is pretty good, for a $5 pizza. A few months later they expanded to this location and only serve their yummy cheese steaks here. That was kind of odd, but its ok because it is worth the extra drive, and they still kept my house in their delivery range. I have since tried some of their other sandwiches, and they are also delicious. The service at the small location was a little off. The cashiers were never very nice or helpful on the phone, and not great in person either. You could hear them getting yelled at in the background sometimes as well. But, at this location, that issue has definitely been corrected. The staff there is super friendly, and more than willing to help you make a selection.
4	Cheese steaks are pretty good,  but omg the sweet and tangy wings I need them in my mouth!
4	I have seen this place a few times and wanted to give it a try.  I am glad I did.  First I have had a "few" Cheesesteaks in my day while I lived in Philly for 8 years. I also ate at the places namesake, Genos in South Philly.  No not as good, sorry Gilbert Genos, but without the Philly bread you had no shot.  On the good side, the bread was decent and their Genos steak was made CORRECTLY with cheese whiz. If you have never had a real Philly then do yourself the favor and get it wit whiz, wit back there means onions and whiz well, I am sure you know what that is.  The manager there was very friendly and attentive and when he found out I had lived in Philly he was very interested in my opinions.  I did give him the suggestion for gravy fries a staple at diners all over that area. The place was clean, the food was delivered quickly and happily the place was busy for a Thursday lunch.I will defiantly be back....oh and other Philly fanatics, yes they have Tastykakes for sale.
1	I'm not even going to pretend to be a cheese steak connoisseur; I've probably had 3 in my whole life.  So no, I don't know what they're supposed to taste like but I had one here and the meat tasted like it had been chewed up already, it was a horrible texture, almost like ground beef.   Let me back up... when I went inside to order the food the three high school girls working the counter were in deep conversation and I had to wait until they were done to order.  I ordered the two sandwiches, fries to split and a soda.  When I got home there were no freaking fries!  Hopefully the other things on the menu are better because I hate seeing small businesses fail.  My one star is for the diet coke.
3	I recently stumbled across this place, and I'm a BIG fan of cheesesteaks.  The sandwich had great flavor, but the portion size seemed small.  The bun they use is almost hot-dog-bun-size, so the full size cheesesteak almost looks like a footlong hotdog.  The meat is proportionate to the bun size, and as I said already, it was tasty.Overall, it's more like 3.5 stars, but Forefathers is still the best cheesesteak I've had in the East Valley.
1	Stopped by today with husband.  We had the Geno's famous philly cheese steak, cheese fries, and wings.  Everything was very salty.  The cheese in the philly cheese steak and fries was very thin.  I wish there was more cheese.  The wings were the worst wings that I had ever had.  The sauce was thin, tasted like they mixed vinegar and tabasco sauce so it was spicy and sour.  Since it was thin it did not cling to the wings.  Although the outside of the wings were crispy, the meat was very chewy.  Fries were crispy but salty and with very thin cheese.  The service was fast and friendly, especially owner.  Place had nice decor and wass clean and comfortable.  Honestly, the only thing that tasted good there were the ranch that came with the wings and the soda.  I would not come back.
4	The Cheesesteaks are always delicious.  I just tried the Garlic Fires and they were great!   Leave your calories counter at home though...
2	Return visit for cholesterol bomb aka cheesesteakRoll was sparse w meat. 2 cheessteaks, fries and drinks over $30Getting ripped off makes me feel like I'm back in Philly
3	I like their cheesesteaks.  They were decent and tasted good.  The cheesesteaks were good enough for me to go back and try again.  I also enjoyed their Italian Sub.  It was authentic enough to the ones I remember growing up on in New Jersey.  One thing I won't order again are the garlic fries.  I don't know what it was that they put on it.  Was it like a garlic mayo?  Definitely not like Gordon Bierch's garlic fries.  They still reign supreme.
5	Great sandwiches. A little pricey, but it is well worth it. Service is normally pretty good, food is always exceptional, fast and efficient staff. I am a fan.
5	Great sandwiches, great staff, great prices. Why someone would go to a Subway or Quiznos in this area when there is an establishment this much better baffles my mind. The meats are phenomenal (Boars Head), the cheese is unbeatable, the bread is fresh, a few selections in teas (black sweetened, black, green sweetened, and raspberry), AWESOME brownies, and snack cakes only found back east. This place is great!
3	The flavor was good but for the price I would have expected a little more meat. I like more meat then bread but other then that it was good. I will try again!
1	What a Shock!Had Philly Cheese Steaks coast to coast including Philly.  In 55 years of enjoying sandwiches;  This Gilbert Geno's has the distintion of being one of the worst sandwiches I have had.  I got a large on an OK bread with a small serving mix of goo that reminded me of Manwich out of a can.  Or Cincinnati Chili.   Either way, putting the Geno's name on it would make Joey Vento roll in his grave
2	Stopped in with great expectations...sorely disappointed.  Flavor of the sandwich was ok but certainly not anything to brag about.  The most disappointing thing was that it was so over priced for the product we received.  I really expected a fair amount of meat which we did not have on our sandwiches. Bread was on the verge of being stale.  Would also appreciate it if the staff would smile and speak loud enough to understand what they are saying.
3	Don't think I would go here again unless I used a groupon deal to save some money!  I love sandwiches and the one I had here was just so so. My boyfriend brought me here because he knows how much I love garlic fries.  I wouldn't get them here again, they weren't that great.Growing up in the bay area, ca I know what garlic fries should taste like.  I would recommend getting them at Diamondback stadium or Yardhouse!  If that is what you are looking for ;)!
4	Great Cheesesteaks and a friendly atmophere with TV's to watch while eating..  A bit pricy but overall its a good place to eat!
3	I enjoyed the burger I ordered, but the cheese fries were completely inedible. I mean this literally, we ordered for delivery and by the time i got them they were practically a fried potato cheese soup. I didn't eat them at all. However, the burger was delicious and I would certainly order another one in the future.
4	Went there for the first time today. They use all Boars Head deli meat so they had me at hello. Also, the philly's are made of top sirloin. My hubby had the classic with whiz and I had the philly with provo. Both were very good and my hubby was worried because sometimes the whiz can make a philly too salty. Not here though. Bread was super soft. We also tried the fried pickles which were excellent. They were battered in a spicy jalapeno batter. We liked the mac salad too. It had chunks of cheddar cheese and wasn't too sweet or rich like many mac salads. Finally, to sweeten the deal, they sell Philly's original Tasty Kakes by the pack or by the box. LOVE LOVE LOVE Tasty Kakes. Overall, big thumbs up and we are looking forward to trying this place again.
5	We went to Geno's for dinner tonight & loved it! I had the 1/2 Chicken w/ grilled onions & it was delicious! My husband had the 1/2 steak & said it was delicious too!  The 1/2 size was more than enough & had a lot of meat! We've been looking for a place like this & we're so glad we found it! Clean, great service, & tasty sandwiches! We'll definitely be going back!
4	Taste good but a bit pricey and stingy on the meat.
1	I ordered a hot dog, loaded fries and a salad for delivery. when i questioned my total (which was very high considering the food I had ordered) the idiot that took my order failed to mention that there's a $3 "delivery" fee. My food took over an hour to arrive. When I handed the delivery man a twenty he did not even pretend that he was going to give me change. Had I been notified of the "delivery" fee, I would not have tipped him. Oh, I ordered a 20oz soda, which had leaked all of the cup.The hot dog and fries were COLD when they arrived. not even warm. The hot dog looked as disgusting as it tasted. I could not finish it. The fries were disgusting and had 2 different kinds of "cheese" on them. I could not finish them either. The only redeeming quality of the meal was the rance dressing, which was good. Very over priced for what you get. I will NEVER eat here again, and would not recommend wasting money on the crap they tried to pass off of as food. If you're looking for a good hot dog and fries go to Luke's of Chicago, where they actually know how to prepare a quality meal.
1	went to Geno's for the first time at I have to say it will be my last.   We ordered the provolone cheese steak sandwich, gyro and fries. The meal cost around $20 so its pretty expensive for casual dining. The "cheese " steak was the absolute worst I've ever had. The cheese was non exsistant barely even there, the roll was soggy and cheap quality and the meat if it was meat was closer to canned dog food then steak. The gyro is also horrible. The meat was thin and tasteless, the pita was store bought and generic. The fries are junk too. I have no idea how this place stays in business but. What I do know is its not getting anymore of mine. If you have taste buds then geno's is not the place to go to. 1 star is too high a rating.
5	Serious.Awesome.A must try
4	Love the provolone philly but sometimes I get adventurous and try different sandwiches, doesn't matter, never disappointed. Oooh and Tastycakes!! Nuff Said!
2	The menu is pricey for steak sandwiches I know it Gilbert but come on. They should look at running specials to keep the prices down. The quality and portions are not as high as would like think for the price you paying.They are better place in the valley as better prices for the same product.
4	We had a late lunch here, food was very good, but a little pricey.Place was VERY clean and employees were friendly and actively cleaning tables and floor - GOOD!Wings were smaller than the ones you normally get at places like buffalo Wild wings, but sauces were awesome! w had Garlic hot and Tangy Spicey.Also had :half Philly,Bacon Ranch FriesTurkey Sandwich, Fried Pickles and all were good.$31 for a BIG lunch for 2.We'll be backR
4	Cheesesteak is amazing.....however I think they are using prices from NYC! $10 for a sub is crazy in Gilbert, AZ. - 5 Stars if they had AZ appropriate pricing.
1	Eh...I've eaten here a number of times due to my misfortune of being stuck near the location or because visiting friends want to give it a try. That being said - I think I have had a few items in every category in hopes of not being disappointed. It never works out.The sandwiches use run-of-the-mill restaurant supply bread allowing it to be stale (if you go later in the week) or even completely out of the more unique variety  - such as wheat. For the average price of about $10 I expect fresh bread. Even subway makes it fresh and they change almost 50% less. Burgers are the best item on the menu (taste wise), boneless wings are very small, everything is over priced but they do have some GREAT tasting sauces!To give the sandwich shop some credit the staff has always been great, the location is very clean and . . . well they make the food for me when I ask them to?If you're looking for a place for a great sandwich look no further than Harvey American Public House in the same shopping center.
4	Great gyro and fries! My buddy came along and got the hot dog and apparently it was amazing. Nice little atmosphere with TVs, Feel like it's a great place for a quick bite that's not too expensive.
5	Really good provolone Philly and I love the fries. What I really appreciate is that it's very clean and the employees are nice. The food is served pretty quick.
1	Food was awful, too expensive and service was terrible they didn't even accept Yelp coupon. Come on u can't honor the coupon and call yelp and fix it later, was 20% worth losing a customer??? They're lucky I'm giving them a star! Never going back there again!
1	We stopped her for a change. I don't want to get into the Pat's vs. Geno's from Philly.  I was just excited at the possibility of a good cheesesteak sandwich.I ordered the Geno's Special?  Cheesesteak with Cheese Wiz.  It was very disappointing.  $8.99.  Sandwich only.  No chips, no drink.  Fries are another $3.00. The sandwich was small.  Not filled very much with meat. I ended up with an inch of bun (at least) without any meat. The buns are soft and do not hold up very well to the juice and mess. Not that there was much in filling to really make much of a difference. The only positive was that it did taste good!But I will not go back.  $13.00 for a sandwich and drink is not worth it.  I would pay this if it were a good sandwich. I would probably pay more..  Also, my friend had Cheesesteak with Provolone.  Very much the same.
3	It's interesting how different their food is depending on where/when you eat it.I usually get the Italian sub, and while it's great if you eat at the restaurant, it's a very wet sandwich and doesn't travel well.  It's not great if you get it to go and let it sit more than 10 minutes before eating it.  It's soggy and downright bad if you get it delivered.The buffalo wings are pretty good with a nice kick of heat.  The french fries are crunchy and salty - pretty darn tasty.As other reviewers have mentioned, the prices are a bit higher than other sub places, but if you get a coupon in the mail or from a previous order, you can save a few bucks.
2	I went to Genos for the 1st time because I wanted a cheesesteak.  The cheesesteak cost $9.49, which is a bit high for this sandwich.  The cheesesteak was very good, but not filling, especially for $9.49.  For that price, it should come with fries.  The are other cheesesteaks places that give you more meat for the same or less price, like Forefathers, Capriottis, or Corleone's.If you want a good cheesesteak, this place is good.  If you want a better cheesesteak with sides or more meat, go somewhere else.
1	We tried this place twice and hated it! The prices are ridiculous and there was no meat in the sandwich. I hated the cheese and the meat was fatty. I have been to Philly  and an original cheesesteak and this is not even close. I thought Capriottis was great compared to this place but it went a little down hill they use less meat and it's dry. If you want a great Philly go to Mikes burgers and cheesesteaks
2	I've been to this place a couple of times.. stopped by again today after probably 2 years.  While the sandwiches are good, its taken 15 minutes to make them on each occasion.. plus the sandwiches alone are over $10.. and the sandwiches really aren't very big - this price also does not include a drink or anything else.  While it tastes good, it really isn't a very good value.  If you can wait a while and pay more than most other places, this place is for you.  Despite the great tasting sandwich, I probably won't go back.. I'm really mixed on this place.
4	Really yummy grilled chicken cheesesteak! Freshly made and friendly service. I like the lunch special with fries and drink for under 6.00!
1	Tried this again on a spur of the moment and I was quickly reminded, within the first bite, of the Philly Cheesesteak, exactly why I stopped going here for this sandwich! Just not good! Tastes like beef soaked in salt/brine! A bit costly for a garden salad, small beverage and 1/2 sandwich (5 inches). Was over 12bucks!  Sorry but I will pass this spot in the future.
5	If you're looking for a good sandwich, it's tough to beat Geno's. Not a lot of decent places around Gilbert other than TGIF, Applebees, etc...so Geno's stands out. The classic and the provolone are done just right. If you're going to go with take out, get it home fast. As with most cheessteaks, it doesn't take long to get a soggy sandwich. Wings are solid as well.
1	I just ordered 2 cheese steak combos, what a disappointment. Definitely not authentic, if you are wondering I am from Philadelphia.  Over priced and the sandwich is very small, $26.60 for the two combos. Check out my photos for a better reference.   The website photo makes the sandwich  look much bigger.  I will not be returning.
1	Only ordered from this place because it was convenient. Last 2 times was very disappointing. Probably will not go again.  Too many kids running the place with no visible manager to give them direction.  They forget about orders, don't care how they come out and really are going to take a good investment and ruin it for the manager/owner.  Try another place if you can help it.
2	I have been here a few times, but each time there is less and less meat and the price stays around $10. The people working are generally rude. I gave it two stars only because they could actually make a decent sandwich if they used a little more meat. The quality is actually pretty good (boars head) and tasty. I grew up in NJ, so I've been to Philly and had the real deal. If you're in East Gilbert and need a quick fix, be prepared to pay the price, otherwise, head out to Forefathers, Philly's Famous or Corleone's for a heartier sandwich for the same price.
1	If there was an option to rate it with no stars I would since this place is nothing to rave about! The lady that was placing our order with the glasses and short black hair was completely rude and didn't look like she liked her job! Once my dad and I received our food, my dad's salad was wrong so he brought it back up to the counter and once he got back to the table I could over hear that rude lady say something about oh he could've just picked off the olives! The burger I had was cold and not that tasty! I could've got a better burger at Burger King right next door!!! Due to the rude customer service and the crappy food quality my dad and I will never be returning here again!
5	Just moved into the area and spotted cheese steak on their sign as we were driving by.  I got the famous cheese steak and my wife got the garlic chicken gyro with Greek fries.  I have to say we were a little skeptical going into it as the variety of selection made us a little worried it wouldn't be that great.  Boy were we wrong!  The famous cheese sauce and onions made this one off the better cheese steaks I've had outside of Philly.  I was too hap happy with my sandwich to try a bite off my wife's but she said it was very tasty.  And we were both surprised that the feta cheese and Greek dressing on fries went so well together.  My wife doesn't usually eat a lot of fries but this time the while container was empty!Definite A+ for me and we will be going back for sure.
3	I started with 4 stars because the food was good but not special. I got the famous cheesesteak combo. The bread was fresh & tasty with a fair amount of meat. The fries were not too old.  I also got a slice of cheese pizza that was pretty good too. The crust was baked fresh. I took off another star because of the iced tea. If you are a soda drinker, you are good to go here with coca-cola products; however if you enjoy iced tea, they have the nasty Gold Peak fake syrup tea. May as we'll have instant tea.   If I should ever return, I will bring my own beverage.
2	I order their chicken wings most of the time and it taste amazing. This time I tried ordering a ham and cheese sub, but when I got it, there was wasabi smeared all on the sub. I could not even eat it. The weird thing is that I didn't ask for any other sauces when I ordered. I'll just stick with the wings.
4	Great food. Ordered the cheesesteak and garlic fries: good size, hot, and full of flavor. Staff wasn't the friendliest, but it was late on a Sunday evening so we understood and let it slide. Will definitely be back!!!
5	It's no secret that I'm a fan of Cheesesteaks and Pizza. In spite of the fact this place seems like it is some big national chain, it's actually a small local thing with only a handful of locations and a few different owners. It's definitely worth a look. I had lunch here today, and it's now 5pm and I'm still feeling good about it. I ate a cheeseteak this time - a full - it's a lot of food. The sandwich was stuffed with a copious amount of flavorful strip steak and traditional cheese whiz. The bread was a fresh and chewy roll that was almost like a bagel texture and flavor. It was sturdy enough that it didn't get soggy or fall apart as I took my time devouring the thing. Most cheesesteaks in the Valley are at least pretty similar if the restaurants source their food from the same distributor (which most do) - and even though it's a fairly simple sandwhich, it's easy to mess up or get wrong. I'm happy to report that the cheesesteak here is reliably delicious, and apart from some of the local places that do cheesesteaks vastly different from the norm (for better or worse), this one is among the top choices. Next time, I'm definitely going to have to try their pizzas. The owner here is really nice, and we chatted for a bit about this and that... if I find myself in this part of town again, I'll definitely come back. They apparently have a pretty huge delivery area too if you live nearby. I mean, you can get burgers, hot dogs, subs, wings, pizza, salads, and cheesesteaks delivered? If you suck at cooking, you can have something different delivered every night of the week. What more could you ask for?
5	I've now been here 4 times and I swear it gets better every time. Today I enjoyed the Geno's Famous Philly (keep in mind I have never been a big fan of Philly cheesesteaks) and it was one of the best meals I have had in a while. Add in the fact that there is a 20% check in offer and I will soon be the Duke of this place!
5	LOVE Geno's! They use to be good, but just stopped by there the other day and they must have improved something because it was better then good. Haven't tried their pizzas yet, but that's next on the list.
4	When i lived in Chandler this was one of the places that delivered to the house. I like that they had a delivery option, though as with most food....dining in is almost always better. Geno's makes a mean Chicken Cheddar Ranch sub and a rockin Provolone Philly. The Cranberry Pecan salad is tasty also if you are looking for something a little lighter (or bread-less.) In addition to the subs the fries are pretty delicious, i enjoy the Bacon Ranch Fries (do not try to get these delivered as they don't travel very well, they get a little soggy.)The customer service is decent, the delivery times are a little long on the weekends (like most places.)
4	First off, I am not from Pilly so if you are judging this place based on how great the subs are compared to Pat's or Gino's in Philly, I can't help you with that question.  However, this place is clean, staff are friendly, service is good, food is very good.  Definitely a great choice for lunch with their 6.49 for a cheesesteak of your choice, fries or chips and a drink.And don't restrict yourself to just regular cheesesteak with the yellow cheese, those are good, the ones here are very juicy and cheesy :)  But check out their other cheesesteaks, they have one with peppers which they pair with some semi-spicy peppers and white cheese.  Its a great combo as the white cheese does not overwhelm the taste of the peppers.  I have been here twice and had the regular and the pepper and both are very yummy.Also, you will be surprised that they sell pretty decent pizza here.  Its not the dominos-full of tomato sauce below their cheese pizza, but actual decent ingredients you can see and taste and comment on their freshness.  We had a lady give us some pepperoni and sausage pizza slices to us the first time we went, not cause its no good, but because they were expecting a smaller pizza; and the large she ordered was too big for her and her son.  They too have a nice pizza deal, 5 dollars for a large pizza and every topping after it is just 1 dollar.  You really can't beat that.  Anyway, the pizza the lady gave us was cold but it still tasted very good and fresh, and not overflowing with the canned tomato sauce you find in most delivery pizza.Last but not least, they deliver, so if you live around this area, good for u, I came here for lunch but I live in the other direction so I guess I will have to check out their other branch in tempe.  But really, come here for the fast friendly service and really decent cheesesteak.  Oh and don't get that weird tasting cheesesteak from subway, come here and get some of this, your tummy will thank you :)
4	I've only ever had their pizza (which is fabulous) until today, when I got their provolone philly. It was really, really good. I got a half sandwich, and I am glad I did because it was GIGANTIC. I got fries and a drink as well... the fries definitely leave something to be desired. Granted, I got my food delivered, and maybe that's why they were lukewarm and soggy... it's possible.... but I still didn't really eat them.The prices are decent, as well, with my whole meal costing around $7... it was worth it.The saving grace was the friendly staff and the absolutely mouth-watering philly. The sandwich was made to my specifications and was just absolutely yummy. I would recommend getting the provolone philly to just about anyone (except vegetarians and vegans).
1	Customer service was bad. They wouldnt honor a coupon, instead they would only offer a 2 dollar discount off the total bill. The owner was rude and mean toward his employees. I'm not sure if I would bring my business back to an employer that was disrespectful toward the people he employs. I have ordered here before and the food was good. However, this does not excuse the lack of customer service and disrespect of management toward their employees.
1	I was terribly disappointed by experience today.  I placed an order on GrubHub for delivery and it took almost two hours to arrive.  When it did not arrive at the estimated time I contacted GrubHub and they contacted the restaurant who advised it would be here in ten more minutes.  When the driver arrived he said "sorry for the delay but I am the only driver today".  The food was all cold and soggy.  It is bad enough that it took so long to arrive but worse to know that my food had been riding around for so long while he made other deliveries.
1	Took over 20 minutes to get a two sandwiches and french fries... Fries taste stale... There were only two pieces of meat in my Gyro.... Do not recommend
1	I only gave this deli 1 star because you couldn't choose 0 stars.I have ordered from Geno's a few times in the past while my husband was camping.  I wanted to be lazy and decided delivery was the best option on a couple of those nights.  The staff was pleasant on the phone those few times which is why when my food was delivered cold and incorrectly I didn't complain.  I felt I was being lazy, so I got what I got.However, I ordered tonight after a long day of soccer games and was excited that my husband was on board even though he had heard horrible reviews in the past.My first clue should have been the lady on the phone saying "Okay your order will be there as soon as it's done," then click.  No waiting time or thank you or anything.Over an hour later our food finally arrived - my husband was at the door with the delivery driver while I was checking to make sure our order was correct.  EVERYTHING was COLD!  COLD Mozzarella sticks, COLD Philly, COLD wings, COLD chili cheese fries, COLD everything!  The delivery driver tried to walk off as we were advising that the food was COLD.... not very nice in my opinion.We asked him to take it back and called the manager, who recited the companies guidelines.  We explained the guidelines might be so, however, this food tonight was not acceptable as it was ice cold.  There was nothing they were willing to do to make it up.  It wasn't even offered that they would redeliver hot food.VERY disappointed with the lack of customer care and the complete lack of customer service.  Sad to say I will not be going back.  Ever.
1	I've tried Geno's THREE TIMES because they carry Boarshead meats.  But every time, I come away disappointed.  The quality is good, but the sandwich is expensive for a walk up ($8.99) and IT'S ALL BREAD.  Today my sandwich had two thin slices of ham and a single slice of cheese that was thicker than the two slices of ham combined.  As a result, the taste of the cheese was overpowering.  I was AGAIN disappointed.Three times is a charm.  I get it.  I WON'T BE BACK.
2	Disappointed...my husband and I started going here when they first opened and it was really good. But now they added pizza to their menu and changed their bread they use for their subs...bummer.
5	UPDATE 6/24/14I had a check in offer I decided to use tonight for dinner. I called in my order to pick up, and once I arrived everyone was cheery and welcoming, and the very helpful young lady that was working the other night helped me out again. Even more awesome, she remembered my daughter and I! Had the chicken pita and garlic fries, and they were delicious! Had to add the 5th star! Great experience tonightOriginal ReviewMy daughter and I had dinner here a few days ago. It was our first visit, and we really enjoyed the food. We shared a gyro pita, Greek fries, and boneless bbq wings. We ate in, the food was made quickly....the only reason it's 4 stars and not 5, is when the kitchen staff rang the bell for the front of the house staff to pick up the food(there was a ton of food ready in the window btw), the one who was NOT busy did not immediately check to see what was ready to go bring it out.... Pretty much waited around a few minutes not doing anything. There were at least 3 other families in the dining room waiting for their food, plus I know they had some call in / to go orders also waiting. So, kudos to the kitchen, and the young lady who helped us out and took our order, perhaps the other employee was just having an off day. Or maybe she's the reason for the other reviews on here saying their to go/ delivery order took forever? Either way I'll be returning(for now), because the food is delicious!
1	Do not waste your time and money!!!!  Sandwich was all bread and the meat was very dry!!!  My buddy ordered a gyro....huge mistake!!!  Pita was very cold and fell apart.  It taste nothing like a gyro!!This place sucks!!  What a waste of $20
1	HORRIBLE customer service. Gal at the cash register ruined customer for life.  Completely messed up my order and when I let her know- she just stared at me.  When I complained again she said - I guess I can have them re make it. When it was brought back to me it was completely wrong again. No apologies- no customer service.  Beyond rude and the food was cold.
4	Great place for lunch cheap and you get a lot of meat on the cheesesteak. Fries are decent... They also deliver very convenient as I work in the area.
3	If I'm in the mood to put on a few pounds I like to come to Geno's for a "famous Philly" and an order of the bacon ranch fries. The bacon ranch fries are ridiculously good eatin and ridiculously bad for you at ethe same time. I always get the traditional Philly cheesesteak and have never tried any of the other sandwiches or hamburgers. My wife likes their pitas. They do have other options such as deli sandwiches or hamburgers, which is nice. A lot of the Yelp reviews indicate service is an issue but that has not been a problem for me. Once I ordered a couple of sandwiches "to-go" and when I got home found out that my wife's pita had onions on it when she asked for them to be taken off. I called Geno's and told them. The girl that answered the phone told me a new one would be waiting when I got back. I live 5 minutes from there and when I walked inside it was just being finished. Overall the food and the service are good. I will be back.
4	I went back and the cheesesteak was definitely heartier and messier, just the way I like it! The customer service was much better, too!
1	I was severely disappointed in Geno's. Their food was dry and bland. For a place the advertises cheesesteaks in their name, you would think their cheesesteak would be special.  it was far from it. I won't go there again,  and I wouldn't recommend it for anyone.
4	I love their cheese steaks!  I've never had a "real" one from philly, but I would guess it is close to what Genos serves.  I have also had their deli sandwiches a few times, and they are also very tasty and filling.  The fries are ok, just a bit bland.
1	ONE STAR IS TOO MUCH FOR THIS HOLE BUT WE HAD TO GIVE IT SOMETHING.....I must say that after reading several other reviews I really should have read more of them  before I gave this place a try again.  We walked in on a quiet Thursday night with the place practically deserted. We were not greeted nor asked to place an order, we just kinda rolled up to the register and "said can we order now", and the girl said sure! We order two (2) simple cheese steak sandwiches with fries. We must have waited over 20 mins  but still no food but we noticed how many people were picking up their food to go. I asked why customers waiting inside the restaurant were being delayed while orders were passing us by?   Needless to say, after another few mins the food was served  but on a TWO DAY OLD BREAD and meat that looked like it had been recycled. I could't est it and received my money back. We went across the street to Barros Pizza and was very happy with the service and meal. SAVE YOURSELF THE TIME AND EXPENSE AND CHOOSE ANOTHER PLACE LIKE LUKES TO ENJOY THE KIND OF FOOD WE WERE SUPPOSED TO RECEIVE AT THIS PLACE.
1	If there were less stars I would have given it. Order placed online said 30mins. Went to pick it up said another 45 mins. Manager refused to come out, we waited 20 mins for him still never came out.poor girls infringe had to deal with us. Finally got our order they comped the meal. Got home got order wrong. Gluten free pizza was not so wife couldn't eat.Well never go back subs ok but need better bread.
1	Come on guys, we recently received a deliver menu for this location.  We called to place a take out order.  Many items are no longer offered, no Greek fries,  etc.  why send out a flyer that is not correct.  The sandwiches were all bread, I was very disappointed about the quality of food and menu.  We will not be going back!  Stay clear of this place.
1	We do a lot if pick up orders. They tell us 10 minutes and end up waiting another 20-25 minutes. My husband said he won't pick up any more orders for me.
3	Pizzas not the best but the fact that it's five dollars and they deliver makes it worth it. I did order a steak fajita salad and seriously it was the most disgusting thing I have ever eaten. They literally used little small slices of beef that I wouldn't call steak that I am assuming they use on their sandwiches cheddar cheese a few bell peppers and 5 pieces of soggy lettuce. Definitely not worth the inflated price but go ahead and try the pizza. It's worth the five dollars
2	The food here is really good but I hate that the employees are so miserable. I can't get a smile out of them for the life of me! Its sad that I said "hi" to the cashier and cook first. The first time we came, we literally sat their and watched them screw up 3 orders and had an "oops, oh well" attitude.  I refuse to eat in the store because their attitude seriously ruins my appetite. Sad but true.
1	I would do no stars if I could. I walked in and had to wait for service. When I was finally waited on, I asked if I could have the order of boneless wings that are $8 and if I could get 2 flavors. The cashier suggested I pay $5 for 5 wings ( that would be $10). I told her that didn't make sense since it was 8 for 10. She went to check to see of the cool would do that and I came back with a no. I walked out. I don't see what the big deal is in putting sauce on wings. I will not be back and I live less than 3 minutes away.
2	poor service.  Ordered twice for delivery.. always at least 30 -40 min late from promised delivery time.
4	Didn't know exactly what to expect but was pleasantly surprised --- Geno's hit all of our hot buttons.  The meatza pizza was very good, the sweet philly cheese steak was very, very good and the garlic & parmesan wings were fantastic!Based on this first experience, we definitely will go back.
1	Loved it when they first opened. Stopped coming because it was inconsistent and disappointing. Tried again tonight after several months and won't be back. I ordered the pepper philly combo and there were more peppers than meat. It was too dry to swallow. Cheese was only on a small part of the sandwich. I have never left a yelp review, sorry this has to be my first.
