5	Awesome food! Owner is great! He'll be happy to accommodate dietary restrictions! I had fantastic veggie fajitas with corn tortillas. Yummy!
5	Amazing food and an amazing price! Will be going weekly. Have had many items and nothing has disappointed.
5	This is the best Mexican food I've had in Las Vegas! My mom is Hispanic and I grew up on her home made enchiladas and the ones I had here were even better than hers! I told all my friends to go. It's a little hidden in the shopping center but I hope business picks up for them soon! I'll definitely go back :)
5	I was pleasantly surprised by my entire experience here.  From the outside you see 1 single banner thats easily over seen by the Doc Holiday's signs that take over the entire building, but I'm glad I took the time to stop in and have the best mexican food I have had in Las Vegas.I have lived in Las Vegas and have tried lots of mexican restaurant this city has to offer, and this one was by far my favorite. When you first walk in you aren't overwhelmed with loud hispanic music and dim red lighting (like every other cantina in Las Vegas), You are greeted with the family who runs the whole operation. The decor was simple,  but it obviously wasn't the focus, because the food and the service was the real star. I ordered a the chicken enchilada meal. It came with a drink, rice, beans, and 2 enchilada's, which is more than enough food. Get this, it was 5 dollars! thats a deal! it cost more to eat at Roberto's and I wasn't violently attacked from the food 30 minutes later like I am when I go to Roberto's or Faustos. obviously I was excited that it was so keep, but it was absolutely delicious. you can tell that the chicken was seasoned, moist, and made with love. Our server was a young boy, probably about 13 or 14. whenever I go to a family restaurant and the service is by the children, it can be awkward and kinda painful to watch these young kids try and interact with adults and do a good job, but not for this kid. He was bright, lively, and not awkward at all. He was very quick to have combacks to our jokes, and was very good at answering our questions. Not to mention he gave us better service than that of adults at far more expensive restaurants.I will gladly comeback, and I am constantly telling everyone I know about this place.
5	This is our new favorite.  My wife and I have been to Maribel 5-6 times since trying it after a visit to the Sprint store next door a couple months ago.We've had the Carnitas Street Tacos, Shreaded Beef Enchiladas, and Fajitas.  All are excellent.  The rice and beans and guac are also outstanding.  Oh, and the prices are fantastic.  We had dinner for two tonight; two entees, a salad big enough to share, chiips, salsa, and guac, with a fresh made warm churro for desert, for less than $25.And talk about authentic . . . this is a cool little family run business.  Mom Maribel is the Chef, Dad works the restaurant when not working his other job, and the three teen kids (two daughters and son) work as well . . . no other employees.  They always greet you with a smile, and really care about making it a pleasant dining experience, especially oldest daughter and main server, Ozzie.If you want great Mexican, and want to support a locally owned business, give Maribel a try.
3	I was skeptical about this place based on the previous 1 review only yelpers but I went for it. Is it the most authentic Mexican food I ever had? NO. Was it the best Mexican food is Las Vegas? NO. Would it serve a purpose after drinking at the bar it's located in? YES. I wish I could of enjoyed the food more. The server was very friendly and the prices were fantastic. Sadly it just wasn't great tasting food.
5	Very Good Mexican food with great pricing. It is not the fanciest place to have Mexican Food but it is very good. I recommend the Green Chili Pork Plate and the Guacamole which is made fresh when you order it.Since the food is made to order, if you are in a hurry call and order before you go. If not, sit back and relax the service is always friendly and it is quiet enough to visit with friends or family.
3	excellent food excellent server "Ozzie" always empty though fast service, good Margaritas from next dooe, One particular menu note that doesnt make any sense at all and for no reason at all--- some dinner plates come with 3 tacos. (BUT ONLY IF YOU GET FLOUR TORTILLAS) iF YOU ask for crispy shells then they only give you  (2) what kinda crap is that???????? been to thousands of Mexican restaurants and never seen that silly rule......
5	As many know who live in Las Vegas restaurants come and go.  I am always hesitant to try out a new place especially one that is not a franchise.  After many months of passing by this place with it's one banner and little sign at the door and reading previous reviews, I decided to try it out.  Wow!!! Yum!! What they lack in atmosphere they make up for in service and food.  The waitress is one of the kindest I've ever had.  She's not afraid to suggest one of their better options, though it's all good, she didn't disappoint.  The chips, salsa and guac are delicious and fresh and they do free refills of chips and salsa!  The specials are unbeatable only $5.  I recently had the Chicken Enchiladas which were filling.  I also had a churro for dessert which was better than Disneyland!!  For three people the bill was ONLY about $20!!! I will be going back tonight to try their other appetizers and entrees :)
5	Just moved to Vegas and found this great Mexican restaurant. Reminds me of my moms home made plates. Can't go wrong with Maribels. Everything I've tried specially the Chilaquiles plate is my favorite.
4	If I had been alone eating here I probably would have rated Maribel's 5 stars. However, my wife's order was fair to partly cloudy at best, probably worth 3 stars, so I'll meet in the middle with a 4 star review.Let's start with the service - our waitress was outstanding. She was attentive and gave some recommendations and also informed us of the specials throughout the week. Definitely trying to make sure we come back - which I totally appreciate. However, we placed our order when there was only one other table seated, and it took a good 35-40 minutes to get our food after we placed our order. The waitress apologized several times and even brought us a complimentary churro to apologize. The churro was outstanding. One review compared it to Disneyland churros. While I appreciate them recognizing Disney churro's as the greatest in the land, this one wasn't quite that good.So for my entree I was simple, bean & cheese burrito. It was only $3 so I figured I'd take a stab. OUTSTANDING! Beans were really good, probably could have used a little more cheese. And they have Dr. Pepper, nothing goes better with Mexican food than an ice cold Dr. Pepper in my opinion. My wife ordered 2 cheese enchiladas, one with green sauce the other with red sauce. The green sauce was average, neither of us cared for the red sauce. They were also very, very small. I know she wouldn't order it again and I wouldn't venture out to try it - but I am interested in the carne asada which the waitress said was very good.I'm always game for a top notch bean & cheese burrito - I just hope this restaurant isn't a one trick pony because good Mexican restaurants in this city are few and far between.
4	Super good carne asada fries. Some of the best I had. The waitress was super friendly. A little bit long of a wait for the food but otherwise a great dine
4	I was a bit skeptical seeing that it was next to a bar. But I am glad I tried it and I will be back. The decor is very humble, but ideal for the restaurant. Ozzie was very attentive and friendly. She knew the menu and had great advice. I had the three tacos plate, fish, carne asada and chicken. Glad they do not serve a fish taco..aka..fish stick taco, very tasty fish. Beans and rice were perfect...just wish I had one more serving spoon full of both. My wife had the Green Chile (pork) plate, great taste but again needed just a bit more rice and beans.Ozzie recommended we cap off our meal off with a Churro, another great recommendation. Ya gotta have one and take one to go! Great prices and food!
5	I was very impressed with the service. I enjoyed my chimichanga, which was good, but my husband had the hue so rancheros and said it was the best hed ever eaten. Thats saying a lot as he eats them wherever we go. Its a shame this place is so hard to find. It was completely dead inside - on a Friday night. We were the only customers. They deserve better.  Do yourself a favor and check them out. The prices for the specials ($5 for a huge plate of food) are the best youll find in town. Oh and even though its small, this is a sit down restaurant and not a hole in the wall.
5	You know, this place really sticks out among Mexican restaurants. For one, the food is fresh, and entirely handmade. Second, it is tasty! Their salsas and sauces are fantastically spicy and smoky. Not many of their dishes are vegetarian friendly as written, but they made the special point of telling us that they would do as much as possible to accommodate us, and essentially made us entirely new dishes. Definitely recommend!
3	My server was very attentive and a delight in general. The food however still was not what I have been looking for in Las Vegas. I ordered my fail safe dish of cheese enchiladas with rice and beans. That being said it was still good, just not the best. I'm beginning to think that the only great Mexican food I am going to find will be back home in LA. Would I come back? Possibly.
4	good food and portion size with good prices.  Only reason I give 4 instead of 5 stars is the ambiance of the restaurant - a little outdated for decor, not a place I would typically bring people visiting.
4	A lot of food for the money.  Pretty good, not spectacular, but I do hope that this business survives.  It is in such a strange location (inside Doc Holliday's) with almost no signage outside.  The inside is a big room with old booths, a concrete floor, and minimal not particularly attractive decor.  We will probably eat there again (or get take-out), but Maribel makes me appreciate the charm and food quality at Las Cazuelas, the other pretty new place located in the same shopping center.  LC serves smaller portions but the food is regional Mexican (not your typical fare) of excellent quality.  The people serving us at both restaurants were very nice which is one reason I hope both of them survive.Bottom line:  If we want ambiance and excellent authentic food we will go to Las Cazuelas.  If we want good food and a lot of leftovers, we will go to Maribel's.
5	Been frequenting this place weekly now for about 2 months. $5 daily specials can't be beat! Food is authentic Mexican style and very flavorful. Service is very good. Come hungry as portions are BIG! (Even with the $5 specials) I've recommended a few friends here and they enjoy it as well.
5	I can honestly say this place is a hidden gem! A friend and I were searching Yelp for some good Mexican food around the south Eastern area when we stumbled across this place, checked some reviews, peeped at some food pics and took the plunge! The chips to begin the meal at almost all restaurants can't hold a candle to these chips, they tasted so fresh like they had just fried up some corn tortilla's and delivered them to our table with some very good salsa. We ordered the fries with shredded beef and cheese as an appetizer. They were so good, fries were cooked perfect and had bunches of cheese and beef. My friend likes onions and I don't, so they actually made pico with no onions separately for me, that was way cool. We both ordered the three Carne Asada tacos combo, they come with pico, cilantro and limes, once again they hooked me up with onion less pico!! These taco's are a little slice of heaven, small but so full of flavor. Service was excellent, and staff was very friendly.
5	Very friendly staff...tacos were excellent and the elotes was wonderful. We sat outside and the owner/manager brought us our dinner while we waited with our puppy. We will definitely be back soon
5	Moved to Vegas from Sacramento and hadn't found a good Mexican restaurant until eating here excellent food very authentic will be back real soon.
4	$5 lunch specials every day, all day long. You can't beat that. Small restaurant attached to Doc Hollidays. It is still family and kid friendly (they do have a kids menu). Good food, delicious salsas and great service. I do hope they succeed. I will definitely be back for another one of those $5 deals!!
5	Great authentic Mexican food and you do not have to spend a lot for it. Family owned and ingredients are fresh. There are daily specials and you can get inexpensive alcoholic beverages as well. It is truly a hidden gem.
4	Food was really good!  I'll definitely go back!  It's a good no frills kind of place with good portions, great prices and excellent service!  I agree with other reviewers. It's a hidden gem!
5	My coworker told me about this place, so glad she did. Great Mexican good and made from scratch. No canned stuff here. Even our chips were handmade. What was most impressive was the waiter. He couldn't be older than 15 and was helping his mother run the entire restaurant. He was very professional and even working on a Saturday! I can't wait to go back.
5	We had lunch today what a hidden gem... All ingredients are fresh,  family run and great tasting..... Do not let the ambiance fool you,  it's nothing fancy but the food is the best around and a great price...
3	The food was ok but just that. Salsa was kinda bland as was the rice and beans. Shredded beef tacos were best part of lunch. Not overly impressed especially considering the dining room is pretty sketchy and for whatever reason there was a sheet of plastic covering the table. Probably will find a different spot next time
4	After reading reviews here on Yelp, decided to give it a try for lunch. We were not disappointed at all. My wife and I prefer  the little, local, hole in the wall places, and this place definitely qualifies. But DO NOT let that deter you, because this little place is worth a try. We started with chips and salsa and an order of guacamole. Salsa was spicy with a nice, fresh made flavor. The made fresh when you order it guac knocked our socks off, not overly spicy, but fresh, fresh, fresh...and you can't beat that. And enjoying it on fresh made tortilla chips was even better, second batch was still warm. For entrees my wife went with the shredded beef tostada, I had the smothered pork chili burrito and we shared a cheese quesadilla. The best testament I can give is that we both left empty plates. Wife said the tostada was very good, with fresh veggies and a couple big slices of avacado. The pork burrito was delicious, with the right amount of spice and very flavorful pork filling. The tomatillo "smother" added a nice bite as well. Server was attentive and never let our drink glasses empty. For a price of $20 it was a very good experience.
5	Without going into too much detail because I don't have a lot of time, this place is awesome.  It's comfy, great location, welcoming, and most importantly, DELICIOUS.  The prices are awesome, and the staff (from the couple times we've seen) is the children of the owners.  But they always get the orders right and are friendly.  The parents have done a good job raising kids AND training them with good work ethic.  If you're looking for an awesome place to eat, give this place a try.
5	Fresh, fresh, fresh! The guacamole and fish tacos were the best I've ever had - tacos double wrapped. This is on track to become our favorite family hangout.
4	I get take out from here every so often. Great consistency and value. I'm not a fan of how the dining room is set up, however, this has not been an issue since I have only ordered to go.
5	If you know me you know I love Mexican food. Maribel's is doing it BIG over here and at low price. It's nothing fancy here so if you need to be seen or require a mariachi band killing your ear drums than this is not for you. The menu is limited and at the same time everything I have tried has been stellar.1. Chicken taco combo (3 street tacos, rice , beans) $6. All white meat chicken seasoned well. It's going to be hard to try more of the menu because this my shit. 2. Carne Asada taco combo- same as above and real good. 3. Chicken Enchiladas (comes with two) - Pretty damn good. I LOVE their guacamole, homemade chips and red salsa, rice and beans. I bet even just a bean burrito or breakfast burrito would be bomb here. Point is food is solid, affordable and it's a local family owned business. I have to give props to the server Ozzy (I hope that's her name. It may be Izzy. I know I suck.) Her service is on point and she remembers me which scores major points and tips. Maribel's gets the World Cup of Mexican Food for Green Valley. Nacho Daddy can drown in their scorpion shots and well Lindo is Lindo. I'll be right here with my homies.
2	Came here because of all these great reviews. Sadly it didn't live up to expectations. Our server was about 12 years old, he was nice but didn't write down our order so of course the food wasn't right. Had to ask for refills numerous times. Fish tacos were okay. No salsa/sauce of any kind offered for tacos.
5	This family owned, reasonably priced Mexican restaurant is not only a rare find in Vegas but it's also beyond delicious! The young son of the owners, Sam, is the host, server and busser; and does a great job! The chips and salsa are the AMAZING start to a home cooked meal you'll love. My husband got the 5$ special which was 3 fish tacos; inhaled it and ordered it again! I got the huevos Mexicana which I continued to eat after being stuffed. Sam recommended the dish because it's what his mom cooks for them at home for breakfast. Sam's mom is your chef so be patient while she cooks food for you, that's good enough for her family!
5	Walking in though the Doc Holliday's door I didn't really know what to expect when I stepped in Maribel's Kitchen. The restaurant was a little larger than I was expecting and the server approached us immediately for our drink order and we put in an order for guacamole while we looked over the menu.They have daily specials that all looked amazing. Since it was Tuesday, we both opted for the carne asada tacos special. This comes with three tacos, rice, beans and a drink, all for the low price of $5. How amazing is that. The rest of the menu was extensive and had good prices as well.Our guacamole arrived and it was heaven in a bowl. Big chunks of avocado and not overly blended, I couldn't get enough. I tried to be a lady, but I really wanted to eat it by the spoonful. For $3.99, it was a great value and the portion was enormous.Our tacos came out and I was even more amazed. Everything tasted great and I was stuffed and very happy by the end of my meal. Service was attentive and refills were plentiful. I can't wait to come back and try more of their menu and, of course, to order more guacamole.
1	7/29/14 @ 2:30pm Well we tried going back today for the carne asada taco special and no one was there!! The light were very low almost out, no one was at tables, and no one greeted us! We waited 20 min and no one came out! Dont know what happened! Pretty sad!!7/28/14 Thanks to the Yelpers for reviews on this place! We would never have known about this place. It shares a space with Doc Hollidays in the Target shopping center near Discount Tires and Michaels. When u go in you just find a table and sit they will bring the menus to you. It is very small but the food is SOOOO worth it. The staff is very nice and personable as well. Its Clean too.They do have daily specials with a drink for $5.00. Today was monday so I got the Chicken Enchiladas(2) with rice and beans. Very filling and Good!! My husband got Bean &Cheese burrito and 2 Carne Asada tacos. He had no complaints and wanting to come back again!! Oh they also give you chips and salsa. Awesome!!We will b back
5	So we got something that was not on the menu...recommended by very personable server named Osiris!  It was absolutely delicious, one suggestion put beans on the plate.We have been here a few times and have not ever been disappointed!
5	Love this place! Super friendly staff, awesome food and it's very cheap! I would recommend coming here!
1	After reading the other reviews I thought we would give this place a try. Sadly this might be one of the worst places I have ever eaten.....or should I say tried to eat. The waiter was very friendly but I am pretty sure he could not have been over 11 years old.We ordered the Saturday special. Shredded beef enchilada with beans and rice. The friendly waiter brought us chips and salsa, but the salsa tasted like it came right out of a can. It was horrible! The chips tasted days and days old. Our enchilada plates were even worse. I could not eat more than 2 bites before I had to spit out my attempted 3rd bite. It was not good at all. The beans tasted burnt and the rice had an odd spice I have never tasted in mexican food. Sadly we left out plates after those 2 bites and left the restaurant. We left 15 dollars to cover our meals and a good tip for the wayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy too young waiter.Unfortunately I do not see how this place can stay in business. ...
5	Seriously bomb. Great lunch specials. The best guacamole I've ever had in my life! Eat here a few times per week for lunch.
5	Authentic, made to order, fresh ingredients, the daily special deals are a steal, the family that runs this place are genuine nice, hard working people. In a nutshell this place is the real deal.Ever since we moved to Vegas there's been very few Mexican restaurants I've been impressed with. Had this place bookmarked after I read Kathy R.'s review couple months ago. Even with the stellar ratings, reviews and hype from trusted Yelpers Matt, Jaime and Emily, I still wasnt in any hurry or had the urgent need to check out this place. Things sure did change though after my first visit here.The complementary chips and salsa - chips warm,fresh and salsa IS HOMEMADE. Love how it's blended to a smooth consistency. The shredded beef burritos, my personal favorite!  Comes PACKED with shredded seasoned beef that's juicy. Requested mine wet with green sauce, Rice and beans - What I really like about it is it's not greasy! Portions were satisfying for both Mr. B and I. One of my friends thought it was not enough beans and rice for them. I pointed out rice and beans are fillers! Hello!!  What's important your main entree is not skimpy servings. The restaurant resides inside the Doc Holidays building. There's banner signs in red and green that wrap around the building and signs advertising $5 daily specials. It's hard not to miss. You walk in side it's sectioned off from the bar. So not too much cigarette smoke escapes into the restaurant side.  You walk in there and the server will greet you and tell you to sit anywhere you want.  It's family friendly.Clean and super casual, like a big family dining room complete with pool and game table right in the dining area!Service. I'll just say I came away so impressed with how our young but very mature,intelligent and confident young man handled himself for his age. Our first time there, Sam didnt miss a beat. Got our orders right, our drinks refilled, offered some great suggestions.  I've brought several friends here and already they are repeat customers and is spreading the word. Maribel,  better get ready to add more tables!
5	I have been here three times now:First time I had the carne Assad tacos, they were good and very fillingSecond time I had the tilapia tacos, they were very good and also fillingThe third time today I had the shredded beef burrito which I usually do not like, it was very good and fillingI must add that I am a 200 pound guy with a big appetite All of the above come with rice, beans, chips, salsa and a drink for a total price of 5$.
5	Amazing meal. The location is a little weird but the food was fantastic. We ordered mostly tacos. I tried the chicken, shrimp, fish and carne asada tacos and my husband tried the shredded beef and carne asada tacos and they were all delicious. The corn tortillas were so soft they were like pillows unlike the dry sorta chewy ones some restaurants use. The beans to dip the tortilla chips in were so good that my 2 young kids just devoured them. The prices were also something we were super impressed with. We ordered 9 tacos, carne asada nachos, kids quesadilla and fries and drinks and it was only $37. The service was great even though our server was a little young. He was on point and on top of everything, better than many other servers I have encountered. I can see myself craving this place and we will definitely without a doubt be back again.
5	8/23/14. Yea!! We went back and they are open.. The Owner talked with us and they had an Emergency. Im glad they are still here!I tried the Green Chili Plate that has Pork, rice, beans and Flour tortilla. It was Delicious!! My husband had the Carne Asada Tacos and Bean and Cheese burritos. Loved it!!Cant get enough of this place we will be back. They may be small But they know how  to Cook Mexican Food and the Customer Service is Fantastic!!
5	Delicious food, great service, friendly atmosphere. Guacamole is AMAZING. I went on a Saturday and had the $5 beef burrito special. It was tasty! The waiter is adorable and polite. They even have pool tables. Will be coming back many times in the future.
5	This may be the sweetest family owned restaurant I've ever come across. I love their kids, they are so kind and you can tell they try very hard to make guests feel welcome. I adore their ceviche and guacamole. They are excellently priced. I can't say enough good things!
4	Wanted to try a different place for Mexican food.  Casual and friendly.  $5 special was very tasty and good, plentiful. A different special every day for just $5 with rice and beans!  My husband had carnitas and he ate it all, enjoying every bite.  We will be back!
5	A hidden gem!  Great little Mexican restaurant inside Doc Holidays.  They have a daily special for only $5 that includes a drink.  Food has great flavor and the service is good!   Even after being away since June, the owner recognized us!  That is great customer service :)!
5	Best FRESH Mexican food in the city!!!
2	I am so sorry that I didn't take a picture of the cheese enchilada that was served to us. It was the sorriest enchilada I have ever seen. Maybe a quarter of an inch thick, with cheap cheese that melted into liquid grease. 100% unappetizing, and they wanted to charge three dollars for a single one. No sides or anything.Meanwhile I got their Thursday $5 special, the carne asada. It at least had a proper portion size. But the meat was chewy and tasted almost old. Beans tasted pretty good, but rice was very mediocre. The waitress insisted that everything is fresh and they go to the market every morning for supplies. If that's the case, then they've figured out how to take fresh ingredients and capture that mysterious and elusive 'slightly outdated' flavor that's so hard to achieve with fresh food. I only managed two or three bites before giving up.The chips were alright but nothing amazing. We got two rounds of them, and the second round tasted fresher than the first. Salsa was alright-ish but lacked sophistication, and had a slight burn in the back of the throat that managed to drag on and on. Top this off with the water tasting either like tap or like their filter had gone out. We both drank from my tea, just to mask the dubiousness.So far this is completely in 'Eek!' territory, so why 2 stars instead of 1? The waitress that day was great. But she's apparently one of the bartenders and was just covering for the Maribel's staff today while they were short. She was extremely understanding, and took off both the terrible enchilada and the disappointing carne asada. We left without being charged, but we still happily left a tip.And really, there were other patrons here who seemed to be quite happy with what they were getting, so I'm very confused about how lousy this was for us. I remember reading over these yelp reviews and wondering how you end up seeing a bunch of 4 and 5 star ratings and then an intermittent 1 or 2. I've definitely had a 1 or 2 experience today. Not sure if I'll ever return to try for a 4 or 5.
4	It was finally our turn to try Maribel's for dinner on a recent Thursday and the Yelp friends were correct: delicioso!  It took a few wrong turns for me to find Doc Holliday's where Maribel's is also located, so note that the building is behind Freed's Bakery.  This is definitely a hole-in-the-wall joint, but the food and service were top-notch.  Sam, our very professional and personable teenage host/waiter was at the top of his young game, greeting us and making sure we had our ice water and chips and salsa after we were seated.  There were only two other tables occupied when we arrived and then it was just the B/F and I, which doesn't make sense because the food is great and the prices are more than reasonable.  I had the guacamole and chips all by myself to start since Mel doesn't eat avocados.  The guacamole was fresh with tomatoes and nice chunks of avocado.  The serving was more than I could eat by myself so I took the rest home.  I chose the chicken enchiladas for my meal, which came with rice and beans and it was served piping hot by Sam the man-child.  Bottom line:  the food was great and it was just like eating at a friend's house.  The atmosphere is casual and Sam is the son of Maribel, the marvelous mamacita cooking up the food in the cocina.  We didn't meet her, but Sam proudly told us how his mother is the one doing all the cooking while he and his hermanas help out with everything else in the restaurant; this kid has charm and he loves what he does.  We'll definitely be back and I know it won't be long before I update for cinco estrellas.
4	I love the food, fresh and always hot. Price reasonable and they have daily special price for $5. I love the service. They listen and learn for making more good service and food. Will come back again and again.
5	This is a great, family-owned restaurant. It's small but the staff is very friendly. Ask for Osiris. She will take great care of you!The head chef is from Mexico City and doesn't believe in boxed products so she makes everything fresh. The salsa and green chile sauce were nice and spicy. My wife and I are very picky and we enjoyed everything we ate there. If you want to support small businesses, give this place a try. The prices are more than reasonable and they have a special meal everyday.
4	Talk about a hidden gem! This place fits that description to a T! I'm a sucker for Mexican food and when Jessie suggested this place for dinner I was all in. Maribel's is located inside Doc Holliday's. It has a very simple decor, but they don't need it cause their food is that good. Their menu is simple, but has all the authentic Mexican food you'd want. Plus, they have an awesome $5 daily specials. They also serve their breakfast items all day. Jessie and I ordered the chips and guacamole which was only $3.99. Wow! The bowl of guacamole was huge and perfectly flavored. The salsa had the perfect kick. We  both choose the steak chimichangas,wet with everything on it. While we were chatting and enjoying our chips and guacamole all of a sudden a homeless lady was beside me handing me a note written on a small cocktail napkin. In the note she was asking for money. I was so thrown off and felt incredibly awkward. I don't think our young waitress noticed that this was happening because the homeless woman scurried away before our waitress appeared again. Finally our food came out. They look so tasty and it was! It also was way hot temperature wise. The crispy shell was filled with steak and cheese. Plus it was piled with more guacamole, sour cream and pico. Also, the enchilada sauce pulled it all together. Yummy!!! We left with full tummies! The service is pretty good here and the food is wonderful. I love random hole in the wall places like this. If you love authentic Mexican food check out Maribels!
3	Ok this is inside Doc Holliday's or vice versa I never can tell, either way I did not have the Mexican food soothes is a review of the bar and bar food. If you pick up The Sunday magazine there is a coup in the back for a free drink. I had a Shock Top, to be honest it was a little not cold. The bartender however was quite nice. I had the hamburger it was ok, not great just ok.I can't complain for 4.50. Overall this is a friendly local pub with a great happy hour. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
5	I stopped in here for dinner and wasn't disappointed. It's inside Doc Holliday's if you can really say that since it seems more of a next door neighbor to the bar. I figured I would be walking through the bar to get to Maribel's and you can, but the door I went into led me straight inside Maribel's. Hubby and I were greeted right away and told to sit wherever we wanted. Our server was excellent! She got our drink order and brought us some chips and salsa right away. I usually like chunky salsa and this salsa was thin, but it had a lot of good, fresh flavor and the chips were tasty. For $3.99 I ordered a side of Chips and Guacamole and my oh my was it so good! It was made fresh to order and had such great flavor. I'm very impressed at the price of the chips and guac considering it was fresh and the portion was good. If you are a fan of guacamole you must try it here at Maribel's! They have daily specials for just $5 that includes a drink. Monday - Chicken Enchiladas Tuesday - Carne Asada TacosWednesday - Fish TacosThursday - Carne Asada BurritoFriday - Chicken SubSaturday - Shredded Beef BurritoSunday - Hamburger or CheeseburgerI was there on a Tuesday, so I decided to go with the Carne Asada Tacos. You get 3 tacos, rice, beans and a drink. If you want flour tortillas you can also get that for no additional charge, but you get 2 tacos instead of 3 and our sever said they are bigger than the regular ones. Options are nice! The asada had good flavor and the tacos were filled nicely, especially for the price. The beans were good and the rice was even better. It's awesome that you can get quality food that tastes so good for $5 plus tax and leave stuffed. Inside was clean and they have TV's. I can't say enough about our server. She checked on us often and took the time to chit chat with us for a bit letting us know about other specials and I could tell she was genuinely passionate about the food being served here. They even take phone orders if you don't have time or want to eat inside. I saw several people picking up to-go orders. I don't live in the neighborhood that Maribel's is in, but when I am on this side of town, I will definitely be stopping by for some good grub!
5	Awesome service, delicious food and great prices!! Definitely will be back! This little place just became my favorite Mexican restaurant! Thanks Maribel!
3	Great chips and guacamole. Thursday's special burrito was hearty but only filled with steak, no rice, guacamole and sour cream. Can't beat $5 special though. Shrimp fajitas ($15) were great. They didn't skimp on the shrimp at all. The churro arrived hot and was delicious. The demerit for stars is also because of its odd location in the lobby inside Doc Holidays. We did notice regulars come in who were greeted by their first nes, which was nice. We'll definitely be back to try more items on the menu.
5	Good food and good service small porsen but it was good for me if you want more food go to the buffet
3	2.5 starsA couple of my coworkers suggested picking up Maribel's for lunch. The idea of paying $5 for lunch appealed to me, so I tagged along. Maribel's is attached to a bar, and has a weird setup. There's about 6 tables, a pool table and a couple of TVs. No hostess station or anything like that.. just a big open room. The daily special was fish tacos, which I am not a fan of, so I settled on a bean and cheese and split half of chicken quesadilla. My party (6 ppl) was the only party in the restaurant and it took about 20-30 mins for us to receive our food, which is a bit of a bummer. They probably aren't used to the volume. They did give us free chips and salsa though, which was really good! The bean burrito was comparable to a Taco Bell burrito as was the chicken quesadilla. Nothing special. The server was nice and friendly. I probably wouldn't go back when there are better alternatives, like Roberto's, with much faster service. I will say this place would be super handy if you got wasted at the bar next door.
2	I feel bad for posting this but I have to say for anyone that knows what real Mexican food is, this is not real Mexican food. Had another yelper said this I would not have gone. That being said I must warn you if you are looking for real authentic Mexican food then this is NOT the place to go. I ate it, it was edible and I was starving but I would never return.
5	The guacamole is delicious and the staff is super sweet. Love the specials! I'd go here all the time.
5	Free Fresh Made Chips & Salsa! My first time here and I ordered 2 Enchiladas one Shredded Beef w/ Roja or Red Sauce and one Chicken w/ Verde (little spicy kick) that comes with Beans, Rice, Lettuce, and Sour Cream. I also ordered a Fish Taco since a lot of people talked and order it on Yelp. All of my food was excellent! waitresses also sweet and friendly. This place is very casual seat yourself at one of the booths and the waitress will be right with you! I'll definitely be back food was delicious!
3	Weird location, inside a sports bar.  Anyways, my cousin and I got there at around 12 on Sunday. It was empty except for two workers. We ordered chips & guac, carne asada tacos, and carne asada fries. Everything needed more salt except for their salsa. Their guacamole is made fresh but still under seasoned. I was disappointed because I expected more from such a highly rated place on Yelp. It tasted mediocre.
5	New favorite Mexican food place in Las Vegas. Amazing!Started with homemade chips and salsa. Added Pico De Gallo. I had the special: shredded beef burrito enchilada style. Gf had three soft tacos (homemade tortillas with the tacos). Both came with rice and beans. One diet coke, two waters; entire bill $13.50. Good service, as cheap as Robertos and Faustos. Will for sure be back!
3	It was OK... I'm a foodie and love Mexican so wanted to try it out.  Wasnt impressed! The waitress was super sweet :) the food on the other hand was out of a can.  With all the Mexican restaurants in town this is not worth checking out.
5	Really great food. Everything is homemade. Family owned. Incredibly sweet service. We want to adopt Ozzie. :) She is a doll!  The prices couldn't be more reasonable. The chips and guacamole are amazing!  Actually, everything is. Give it a try:)
