2	BLT Burger just opened today. It's a high-end burger restaurant with a big-name chef behind it like The Burger Bar in Mandalay Bay. The kitchen is open with a squad of sous-chefs furiously flipping meat like they were cirque du soleil jugglers; the decor is as thoughtful and deep as a Hallmark card; the staff are energetic and earnest as if  they were about to auditon for "American Idol".The meat is ground by a butcher in the back; a combination of Black Angus sirloin, short ribs and chuck. The buns are made to order by La Brea bakery. The regular burger is very good ($9), but under-seasoned (you might want to add some salt). The various cheeses are $1 each. I had the sweet potato fries which were excellent with just the right degree of crispness. There is a good selection of draft beers; and a few choices of wines by the glass (there should be more than 3 in a restaurant with this pedegree). Not to mention that they serve it in Italian-bistro glasses instead of proper wine glasses.When I asked for dijon mustard, the very eager and agreeable barman brought me some packets of Grey Poupon (they had better fix that!).They also have an American Kobe burger ($17), a lamb burger, a chicken burger and a few other concoctions that didn't capture my attention.I was disappointed to see that there was a line behind a velvet rope, waiting to get in, even though there were many empty tables. One of the managers told me it was because it was opening night and they were just getting their bearings. I hope that's the case, and that they haven't fallen prey to the "manufactured exclusivity" hustle that other places indulge in, including The Burger Bar. I've got some advice for all those places that think diners will enjoy their food more if they are forced to wait for it:  You're a restaurant, dammit, not an after-hours club!In any case, BLT is a good addition to the vast Vegas burger scene. It's not the best burger I've had here, but it's better than The Burger Bar, and way better than Burger Brasserie or Stipburger. So unless you're willing to go off-strip to an unadorned little joint like The Burger Stop where the outstanding Kobe Burger is half the price, BLT will do just fine.
2	After hearing so much about what it cost to build this burger joint I assumed the food and service would match the price tag.  Wrong!  The best part of our meal was the milkshake (really good).  The buns on the burgers were very dry and the burgers themselves were not very juicy.  Either they pressed them too hard, or the meat does not have enough fat content.  Both the fries and onion rings are the frozen kind (and very cheap).  They should either use fresh cut items or reduce the price.We sat at the bar with about 6 other people and every order that came out had to be "auctioned off".  Very unprofessional.  Both of us orderd a burger, fries (or rings), and a drink.  We did not notice that there was a "combo" offered on the menu at a reduced price, and our bartender/server did not bother to tell us even though we ordered the combo items.We ordered the chocolate layer cake for dessert.  Besides being the skinniest slice we have ever seen, there were also 2 fingerprints in the chocolate on top of the cake.  We alerted our bartender/server who proceeded to tell us he would "talk to the desert people".  Great, how about sending your manager over to apologize and maybe offer to comp the desert (we paid for it).Very disppointing.
2	We arrived at 1155 am for lunch and waited 20 mins despite half the restaurant was empty. Our hostess led us to the table, and there were six of us ,so it took us a few seconds more to settle down. She left w/o waiting for us, and just left the menus on the table. No good. Our bald server from Phoenix came, never introduced himself, I thought he was the busboy since he poured water and left w/o a word. We saw all the tall glass milkshakes on almost every table while waiting , so all of us ordered them. Hubby loves lamb, so he had the lamb tandoori burger. I don't want just another burger, so I had the Kobe beef burger. Friends ordered the BLT, 2 Classic, Texas. we ordered sweet potato fries. For shakes, we had vanilla, chocolate, black and white, a marshmallow flavor(forgot name), mudslide, strawberry. It took a good half hour for the food to arrive. I think hubby's lamb is the best. Very juicy, flavorful, had the lamb taste but not overpowering. Even his hamburger buns are different than ours. My Kobe was ok, not as good as Burger Bar, but after I took a bite of the other burgers, I was so glad I had my Kobe. Theirs were horrible, dry, hard, not even close to the ones at Carl's Jr. And all our burgers were very small! Mine was just a bit bigger than the Happy Meal hamburger, the rest are a little bigger than mine. The shakes, please order the marshmallow one, that was the only one worth $8 for. The other flavor, save yourself some $ and go to McD. The  burgers are about $9-13, Kobe $18, shakes $7-8. Fries $4.  I definitely expected a lot more for a $9+ burger.
3	This place just opened up so we went for dinner on Friday.  It was starting to get busy , but there's no line when you have a line pass...lol.  We ordered 2 kobe beef burgers and 2 classic combos.  They were all out of the lamb tandoori when we ordered so that was a bummer.  The American kobe beef tasted like the angus and one of our burgers had to be sent back because it was overcooked instead of medium rare.  Highlights were the cocktails (I think we ordered the showgirl and something called a millionaire), Vidalia onion rings, and service from our crazy perky waitress Dianna.
2	This place doesnt have its shit together and most likely wont without some major changes.That said the burger i had was pretty damn good and the shake was tasty, but should it take one and a half hours for 2 burgers and a shake?Nup.The staff was either super busy or doing nothing, the waiter was afraid to go back and ask the chef about some pretty basic easy changes for a burger joint.  The managers and hosts obviously didnt want to make eye contact with ANYONE!My guess would be that the chef owner is a huge prick and has everyone scared and apathetic to the point of inaction.  Thats pretty bad just being open a couple weeks.  I asked the waiter and he gave a look and said "hes from new york" and rolled his eyes.nuff said
3	This place was definitely appropriate for what I was in the mood for: lots of bacon!It's funny but BLT doesn't stand for bacon lettuce and tomato. There's some other acronym that it stands for but it's Frenchy and forgetful.The service was a tad slow but the food was pretty good. And for Vegas, it wasn't over priced. They have these really awesome cocktail milk shakes that sounding very tempting. But we went with the pitcher instead.
4	What do you crave when you are hung over? How about a basket of onion rings, a blue cheese covered burger and about 15 water refills? Yeah? Me too!Had a very tasty burger here. I would say it's pretty close to my experience at the Burger bar at Mandalay Bay. My burger was just slightly over Medium even though I had asked for it medium. Other than that, it was very good. Onion rings were quite good too.I wish I wasn't so, ummm, wrecked from the night before or I would have tried one of the shakes with booze in them. Hair of the dog I guess, but I just couldn't do that to my stomach after the onion rings and burger.If the burger hadn't been over cooked it would have been a 5 star experience. And the service could have been slightly more attentive. I eyed the waitress just standing by the register before she finally came over. Customers don't need that much time to look over a menu that consists mostly of 6 or so burgers.
3	I am not a burger fan and so I can't rate BLT for their burgers but from the feedback I got from my huny and friend's, it sounds like it's pretty good. I ordered a Grilled Chicken Caesar salad which was lovely. My hun ordered their Lamb Burger and said it was super juicy but also a bit fatty/oily. The Yam fries was too soggy and just 'ok'.
2	We were a party of 10, on 3 different tables. Our table was a disaster. My 'American Kobe Beef''' burger, was cooked medium well, when I asked for medium. My wifes was medium when it was supposed to be medium. I could not taste any Kobe distinguished flavour in my burger, to be sure. Another one of our tables waited well past after were were finished before they were served, and again, their burgers were all cooked incorrectly. Table 3 of ours enjoyed their burgers alot and they got served in decent time.The place has great ambience, the shakes are to die for, but the manager has to get ahold of his kitchen/grill staff and kick some ass. Cause they are sorta out of control at least as of July 29, 2008.
3	So i finally read a review/article by the lvrj food critic that interests me - SLIDERS !! so i decide to go on a vegas slider pilgrimage and hit up most of the places mentioned in her article.  1st stop BLT Burger.so here we go, another high end burger place ( and if the rumors are true that trump's restaurant, djt, is converted to a burger place, i just might drive by and egg his building !!  how many of these places do we need !! )so back to sliders, hit blt on a weekday ( forget which one ! ) sit at the bar - nice place, the usual - pretty people servers / bartenders.  i get the sliders, onion rings, a chocolate shake and a fat tire ale - how's that for a combo ?!?!?!  minus a star because they don't serve malts !!  COME ON !!! Shakes but no malts - that's just wrong !!  the shake comes with a chocolate whip cream - i liked that !   the onion rings - not very hot, as in temperature - kinda boring.  The sliders - tasty - 3 different types, one has a blue cheese topping, the next has a bbq topping, the last one has bacon.  all had a nice pinkish hue but one thing missing  - juice.  I find this to be true with kobe anything - it's tender, flavorful, but i want some juice dribbling on my hands and chin - nope !!i give the nod to the blue cheese slider.  actually, the fat tire gets the nod !the sliders cost - $18?  $16?  something like that ! total cost $43 - it ain't a cheap meal !
4	Super good if you like a fancy burger at a fancy price.  At this place you're paying for the atmosphere and quality of meat and cheeses.  They have unique shake flavors and the best is the campfire marshmallow shake...it actually has roasted marshmallows in it...what a sugar high.They offer "meal deals" of all varieties but you may find that if you're with a group of people, that it's way too much food.  My fiance and I went and could have ordered 2 burgers, 1 order of fries, and 1 shake and it would have been more than enough...2 meal deals was way too much food, even for buffet champs!This is a good place for a burger if you're in the area and I bummed there isn't on closer to home.  Enjoy!
3	The burgers are pretty good, especially the kobe burger. They've also got a decent selection of beers on tap.The Mirage has some decent casual dining options all close by each other, and BLT Burger is definitely a lot better than the dump with the long lines they try to pass off as "Carnegie Deli."
3	The service and the burger were both five stars.The sides and shakes really brought the place down.I ordered the Classic with BBQ Onion and Vermont Cheddar.  The onions were a sauteed mix of onions in bar-b-que sauce. It was so good. It was cooked perfectly to my request (I was warned they were cooked a bit under - so ordered medium well). Really loved the burger.The sides were such a disappointment. There were four of us and we ordered fat fries which were served cold and kind of mushy. The onion rings were warm and crisp, but nothing special.  My least favorite was the fried dill pickles that my group ordered.  They were doughy/breaded so thick and huge - but not breading. It was kind of sweet, like a donut. A pickle donut. So, sandwiched in the middle of this dough was a little hamburger-slice style of dill pickle. Not my thing. At all. Went back at about midnight the next night to get shakes to go. Was surprised to see the shake mix come out of a soft-serve style machine.  I got the Twinkie Boy which tastes exactly as it sounds - a Twinkie all mixed up in a shake. It was average. I was on a sugar high for the rest of the night. Probably won't do that again.
1	This was suppose to be a late night treat but it wasn't. I ordered the 1st combo which is the classic burger, fries and soft drink. I ordered it with no onion and no pickle and paid extra for cheese. It came with the pickle and onion. My friend, being in a difficult mood, told them about it and they took the burger back. They brought it to me with all the lettuce off and most of the cheese scraped off. My burger tasted like pickle.  It was disgusting. The fries weren't cooked all the way through and my soda was so watered down it looked like iced tea. The bread was wierd too, as soon as i pick up the burger it starts to crumble and fall apart.The waiters were nice, the food just sucked.
4	This place is a bit expensive but hey it's vegas and we were hungry.  I've got to say we were pleasantly surprised.  I had the turkey burger which was good and my brother and bf had the standard burger...  My brother said "this is the best burger and milkshake I've ever had".  Plus the service was great!
2	For how nice and trendy it looks, the food quality does not match up.  First, we walked up and there was no line.  We walked up to the hostess and told her there were two of us. She said "Sitting in the bar might be faster for a seat..." (There were plenty of seats in the restaurant)We went to the bar because we had been on a plane and we were hungry, so wherever got us the food fastet was A-OK with me.  But I thought it was a little snippety of her to reccomend the bar.  It's not like we were poorly dressed in a fancy restaurant or anything.  It was weird. When we got to the bar, a bartender (I thought) greeted us and asked what we would like to drink.  I saw a bottle of Grey Goose on the counter. I also saw martini glasses.  So what did I ask for you think? A martini.  Bartender screwed up his face like I had asked for a big heaping pile of steamy dog shit.  Martini. Give me the shaker and I'll do it myself. No biggie.  He said (face still screwed up) "Wouldn't you rather have beer? We have some on tap."  Not a super cool, only in vegas beer on tap, just "some."  Sensing his martini apprehension, I ordered a Blue Moon Belgian Summer Ale. Still good.  No martini, but good.I got the Kobe beef burger. I tasted NO difference from regular beef. Matter of fact, since we were sitting at the bar, I had a view of the chef.  He had all the burgers in one place, with no obvious distinction of Kobe beef vs regular beef.  And once they were covered in cheese, he moved them around again, so I really don't even know if it was Kobe beef.  It was a little overcooked, even though the menu says medium, I repeated medium, it was more well done for my taste.  I thought it was OK, but not $17 worth. I've had similar quality at Red Robin, which doesn't say much.The shining star of the night was the milkshake we shared for dessert.  Campfire Marshmallow.  Toasted marshmallows in vanilla ice cream.  Yum.We went back for lunch on Saturday before we went home to get another one. I got the regular beef and it was cooked fine, tasted the same as the other burger. Doused it in mustard to make it better.  Hubby still said it was fine and ordered his own marshmallow shake.  I got the PB&J.  Too much PB.  I was SO thirsty afterward.Overall, it was not horrible, and obviously I went back,  but I was told that Burger Bar is MUCH better. I will go there in the future.
5	The best burger place I have ever been to! All of us kept raving about how good our burgers were. I had the turkey and it was so good and well seasoned. Some of the other girls had salmon, veggie, blt, etc..All were so good. Yea the prices are a bit high for a burger, but it was well worth it!
4	My only complaint about this place was our own fault.  We should've split a Blue cheese burger instead of each getting our own.  After splitting the fried dill pickles - yummy! - the Mocha Mudslide (or whatever it was called) shake - very good but too much chocolate whipped cream - and order of fries - nothing spectacular, one burger would've been plenty!  The burgers were good, but I don't know if they were $13 good.  Other than that, I thought we got seated pretty quickly even though there was a bit of a line and our waitress was very nice and attentive.
2	My wife and I both ordered Turkey burgers and she hated it. I thought it was just ok but they brought me watery bbq sauce with it and that sucked. Too many places in Vegas to eat that are incredible... avoid if possible
4	Last day of Vegas and about to head home we needed something filling to last us the 4 hour drive home. While packing up in our room (At The Mirage) we saw a clip for their new Burger joint. The "SPIKED SHAKES" hooked us! We headed downstairs and finally located BLT in the far back corner of the casino. We sat right away and the wait staff assisted right away. Our waiter was nice, but seemed new- you know how that goes! :PWe ordered 2 burgers, 2 SPIKED shakes (I recommend the Night Rider if you like chocolate!) and since they didn't have chili cheese fries ON THE MENU, we ordered a side of chili and criss cut fries. BEST CHILI EVER! seriously. I recommend splitting a burger though cause they are VERY large! Filled us up all the way home to LA! :)
3	We needed sliders in Vegas, and we dropped into this place. They have a nice round bar thing that goes around the central grill. So how about the food?We had a set of 3 sliders and then the BLT Burger. All were cooked just right and had a good amount of flavor. I think the problem with this place is location and maybe the people they are trying to attract. On the one hand, it's a burger joint in a casino, on the other hand it's a sports bar with a greeter at the door dressed like a stripper. It's ok to have a sports bar, but if you also want to make it a 50's place with shakes and burgers, you don't need hookers to rope in the customers.
3	Went here for dinner September 26, 2008. Delicious burgers, good beer/liquor selection.I guess my real issues are that I can't drink beer and they were out of several of the wines they offered on their menu (and they only had like four red varietals and four white varietals).I had a salmon burger and my boyfriend had the burger with mushrooms, etc. (can't remember what its called), which he had been warned to get medium-cooked because when he said med-rare, the server warned that med-rare was pretty rare. He thought that medium was too well-done for his taste. My salmon burger was fine. But nothing to write home about. I know that Vegas inflates prices, but I still found this place a bit over-priced for the diner theme. Other gourmet burger places in different casinos offer more for less. The sweet potato fries and onion rings we ordered extra (at ridiculous mark-up, to be sure!) were good, but again, the quantity was minuscule for the money we paid.Honestly, I went to In-N-Out burger later in our trip, and was more satisfied with my $2 burger and $1.50 fries than with my burger and fries here that cost me $20.
4	I ordered the lamb burger rare. The waitress took the order as if all ok... then I get my burger, and its cooked medium well!! I sent it back. She came back with the manager saying they can only do medium rare+ for lamb. I said that's fine and to make that. The waitress later applogized saying she is new and didn't know... but still, the chef knew, so how come they didn't ask me when they got the order.Anyway, the chef delivered the 2nd burger. And the manager checked up on me twice.  It was very good the 2nd time around.I also ordered the jalapeno poppers... they were good, but only 3 come!! (they are real and hand made).Also got the Nutjob shake.... Omg, best shake I have EVER HAD!!!!!!  Everybody at my table tried it, we all fell in love with it. soooo good. I highly recommend the Nutjob shake!!! Im giving this place an extra star just for the great shake.
4	Stayed at the Mirage last week and dined here twice during our stay.  The first time we ate here was for lunch - we were looking for some greasy food to coat our hangover stomaches from a night way to much patron!  We both ordered the Buffalo Chicken sandwich and skinny fries.  It definitely did the trick by the end of the meal I was drinking coctails again!!!!  Granted the cocktail I ordered was called the rejuvenator - red bull and booze with berries in it - yum!  Try it you'll like it
4	This place really hit the spot for me on my last visit.  I don't eat burgers but I saw some salads and veggie burger-type items on the menu so I gave it a try.  I opted for the falafel burger.  First of all, it was huge.  The falafel patty was really big and it had a good flavor - just a bit spicy.  It came with lettuce, tomatoes, a creamy sauce and tons of avocado.  I definitely could not eat it all but I would order it again.  It also came with a nice pickle.Speaking of pickles, I did try a few of the fried pickles.  Personally, I would never order these on my own because I take a firm stance against the gratuitous frying of things that don't even need to be cooked, like pickles and candy bars.  However, I sampled a few from my friend's plate and they were tasty.  But still, this whole concept seems silly to me, and it made me sad to see the little pickle slice with all this blown up batter around it.  So, they did taste good yet I hate them on principle and I think it's mean to do this to pickle slices.Sweet potatoes do need to be cooked so I did order the sweet potato fries.  They were good, although not the best I've had, and I was a little disappointed that they came with ketchup only and not a special sauce.  But, of all the fried sides to choose from, I might order these again (or onion rings because they had those, too).The service here was good and I like that you can watch people walking in and out of the casino here.  I found the atmosphere to be pretty much in line with the whole rest of the Mirage and I enjoyed the background music.  Additionally, in the past I have ordered spiked milkshakes to go from here and they were darn tasty.  But, they're filling - I can easily forego a meal and just have the milkshake.  The prices overall are not too bad, either, all things considered.
4	Never had a booze shake before.   Maker's Mark (my favorite liquor) and caramel - happened to be the special shake of the day.  And holy crap.  It was amazing.  Perfectly balanced sweetness and warmth from the Bourbon.  Burger was also very good.  And surprisingly reasonably priced.  My buddy and I also had to try the jalapeno poppers since we'd never had any that had never been frozen.  All around great experience.  If you're staying at the mirage, you have to check it out.  Especially if you're a bit behind at the tables and don't want to splurge on every meal during your visit.
4	While visiting Vegas for a friend's wedding, my hubby & I wanted to try this place after hearing great things about their alcoholic (GASP) shakes. I had a Malibu Barbie - it was OHHHH SOOOO YUMMY. We also had a Salmon Burger and Veggie Falafel Burger. Both were quite good, and reasonably priced. Definitely check it out!
4	Considering what an average meal costs on the Strip, a burger, shake and fries combo for $19 is not so bad.  I don't think this meal would cost much less at the crappy casino coffee shop, anyway.  Go for a shake if nothing else.
4	This place is a little pricey, but it was one of the best burgers I've had in a very long time. I can definitely see this being one of my regular Vegas stops.
4	It's something like a bizarro-world version of Bartley's Burger Cottage in Cambridge.  Replace cramped and friendly-with-your-neighbors cafeteria seating, absurdly decorated walls, and traditional eccentricity with sleek, efficient, trendy, and modern (and expensive), and you're on the right track.  The common thread though is the narrow focus on doing a simple thing ridiculously well, in this case burgers and shakes (we New Englanders would call them frappes, of course).  Even though BLT's attention to detail seems borne of clinical efficiency than family-run tradition, the end result is still one of the best burgers & fries i've had.
4	After a late night at the clubs, nothing sums up the night better than a lot of greasy fried appetizers =P  We ended up here after finding out that CPK isn't open late night but i'm glad we stumbled across BLT burger.  We ordered a bunch of appetizers to share, and my favorite had to be the Jalapeno Poppers.  I'm used to those small little jalapeno poppers served elsewhere but this place gives them jumbo sized with the seeds still left in there so the jalapenos are still spicy!  We also ordered the Fried pickles, which were interesting... the texture is like biting into a fried zucchini but it has a slight pickly flavor to it.  We also ordered the sweet potato fries, onion rings, buffalo wings and a strawberry shake.  I wasn't too fond of the buffalo wings becuase they were a little too tangy and the sweet potato fries didn't really hit the spot but the others were really good!
3	Unless you REALLY have to have a milkshake with your burger, I suggest you go to the Burger Bar.It's not like the burgers here aren't good.  They're ok, I suppose.  The choices are limited and so are the 'toppings'.  Service is ok but could be improved.  My husband liked it a lot more than I did 'coz we came here TWICE but it's just a burger to me.  Nothing out of the ordinary nor gourmet about it.  I miss Burger Bar!!
4	aaaahhh...the joy of visiting carbon-copies of celebrity chef restaurants in vegas. Love the fact it's a lot easier to get tables in las vegas than in NY. Never had a pleasure of visiting one in NY, so can't say if this "cc" version is watered-down or sub par; but I can tell you that I enjoyed the meal here.  My husband had a US Kobe burger and I had "Banh Mi" which was a pork and shrimp patty with Vietnamese-inspired pickles. They were both very flavorful and cooked just right. Delicious.  However we were disappointed with their Jalapeno poppers.  The batter was doughy.I don't think the prices are unreasonable here, though approximately 2 parties left after looking at menu while we were dining there. I pay around $10 for a burger at any of my local standbys (which are a self-service with a sticky tables). Besides, most places in vegas seem to be crappy and waaay over-priced.  Considering that, this place has a very good cost performance. I'll definitely go back.
3	I had the salmon burger and it was okay.  My husband had the turkey burger and said it was one of the best he's ever had.  The fries were really good.  I wish they gave out samples or tasting cups of their shakes because the Twinkie Boy looked and sounded awesome but after having our filling meal of burgers there was no way we could eat more.  Also, the krispie cream bread pudding sounded awesome.  Next time I'm just going to try the shakes.
4	I really liked this place.  It's a little crowded and if you don't have a booth the tables are layed out so you are sitting about 6 inches away from strangers but the decorations and the bar area are very cool looking.As for the food we had the Classic Burger and Blue Burger and both were excellent.  Skip the onion rings. They have giant milkshakes that we didn't eat but looked yummy.For those people looking to kick it 1930s style they have Schlitz and PBR.
4	Cue Samuel L Jackson as Jules: MMM this is a tasty burger!I really liked this place - ordered the american kobe burger, fried pickles, wings, and regular ol' fries. And a pitcher of Hoegaarden. Overall the food was great! The fried pickles were a little heavy on the batter but delicious nonetheless. The wings were forgettable. The burger was damn tasty..perhaps a bit on the salty side but really good.
3	I've been here a few times because my family stays at The Mirage often. Every burger I have had is forgettable except the last one. I had the Asian Bahn Mi and I will always remember how terrible it was. I will never eat that burger ever again. I would of gave it two stars, but I added an extra star because the Nut Job shake I tried was freakin' awesome. I wouldn't suggest dining in, but just get a shake to go.
4	Came to BLT Burger in Mirage on a whim and enjoyed it pretty thoroughly.  I ordered an 5 Spice "Chinese" Chicken Salad (I know I know...but I needed greens), the bf ordered a Shaft's Blue, and we shared "waffle" fries (aka. criss-cut fries) and regular fries. The portions are ENORMOUS.  The burger was meticulously put together and oh-so-delicious with mushrooms oozing with juice.  The blue cheese was a little bit strong and left a smell on your fingers afterwards, but the buns were toasted to perfection and the meat was perfect (recommended to be cooked medium).  My 5 spice salad was devilishly spicy!  Served in a seemingly endless bowl, I felt that even though I continued to dig into it, it was always still full.  I loved the crisps, but was not particularly drawn to the grilled chicken (in the dim lighting it seemed burnt).  The bf found it too spicy, but I enjoyed it a lot a lot a lot!The pink/orange lighting around the open kitchen was a cool setting and I absolutely loved reading the backs of each waiters' shirt (our waiter was fantastically attentive).  Not bad for the price and you will definitely leave feeling full.
3	I have a feeling the BLT burger in NYC is much better.  I hear they have curly fries, Vegas doesn't, that probably would have earned an extra star alone.  Burgers were good, nothing I'd crave and need to come back for.  The fries were the same.  At least they had blue moon on tap.  Basic burger, fries and a beer for $22. And really friendly service-I'd actually have to say the service was the best part of the meal along with the ranch dressing.
4	My friend and I had racked up a whopping $45 on the penny machines while we waited for my friends who were hugging the toilets at the Mirage.  So we thought that the best way to spend the money would be to eat after hours :)  CPK was closed so we decided to eat here.  My friend was catching a cold and asked for hot tea - they didn't have tea - so they offered her hot water- mmmm now doesn't that sound tasty - she took it anyway...  Usually the foods you crave when intoxicated are not the healthiest - so what did we end up ordering: spicy chicken wings, fried dill pickles, jalapeno poppers, sweet potato fries, a strawberry milkshake, and onion rings.  I was surprised how good the fried pickles were - i am not a huge fan of pickles nor of fried food but this was particularly yummy.  Also the jalapeno poppers were one of the better one that i have tried.  They use the whole jalapeno and they don't load it with cream cheese.  The food was filling!  What a great way to end the night!! [not so much a great morning though eating so much grease :) ]
4	The food is great and the prices are totally reasonable, unlike most other places in Vegas.  The ambiance is like a hip diner and the service is pretty quick.  I would definitely recommend this place, especially if you are tired of seeing your money disappear.
2	Went to BLT Burger for the first time for lunch on Friday 12/26/2008. BLT Burger is located at Mirage Casino and Hotel. Walked up and there was a little bit of a line and waited for only a few minutes. Looking into the restaurant I was surprised how nice it was inside. Nothing special but nicer then I expected for a burger joint. Nice atmosphere for a place like this for lunch. Service was just average at best. Had to give up my first born (if and when I have one) to just get my water refilled. The waiter was pretty nice he joked even though I'm sure he heard a thousand times I'll take a white tiger burger. He said they have been out of them for awhile..lol. The fried pickles are pretty good but nothing to go to Vegas for. My first complaint is you can only have a combo with the classic burger and can't substitute it at all. So that is pretty stupid in my opinion. Considering I wanted a cheaper burger then the classic but willing to pay the higher price for the combo. We ordered the BLT, Tex-Mex, and Turkey burgers. My friend that had the BLT seemed to like it however when I tried it it was pretty much like a Big MAC with bacon. I was not a fan at all! Other friend got the Tex-mex burger and he hated it! I thought it pretty much sucked when I tried it. The Chili on the burger was plain at best and just lacking of any flavor. I got the Turkey burger and I thought it was decent. Had good spices and the onion rings were good. For a burger here I would skip it. I've not had In N' Out burger but I'm going to guess its a lot better and a lot cheaper. I did not get the Milkshakes since I was pretty hungover from the night before already. The milkshakes are what you come for from what I understand. I would like to go back and just get a spiked milkshake in the future. For a turkey burger and onion rings total was 18.32 before tip. Amount of food was pretty good but not worth the price. I would eat here again if I had to and would pretty much only stick to the turkey burger. Would not go out of my way to come here and would pick a thousand other places first.
3	I ended up eating here twice since I was staying at the Mirage. I had a turkey burger one night and a veggie falafel burger another night. Good burgers. The sweet potato fries are excellent and the spiked milkshakes are also delicious. Prices are reasonable for Vegas. They also have some good local beer on tap if you wanna sit at the bar for a while. Only complaint? The pickles. I love pickles, but those pickles were subpar indeed.
4	After a very long flight from Seattle infested with "like oh my god!" "like totally!" "oh he's sooooo cute!" "do you know that song, oh my god I totally like love that song!" from 2 dozen 14 year old girls on a soccer team plus parents, and a flight landing that had us hugging the seats in front of us for dear life, we were very relieved to be sitting in the soft lighting of BLT Burger.  Yes the music is a little loud but hey, who doesn't love hearing Thriller by MJ and watching the elders in the next booth over bebopping around to it?  It was around midnight and we were beat and dying for a good burger and shakes.The Service:  Friendly staff, waitress was attentive and nice and made sure we liked what we ordered.The Shakes:  WOW!  I had a Berry Shake that was just so pretty I didn't want to mess it up by drinking it but I did anyway.  I'm not the biggest fan of shakes but that one had me sucking it down in one fell swoop.  My husband ordered a mocha type shake that even had chocolate whipped cream.  Chocolate?  Whipped cream?  Who doesn't love that?The Burger:  Ordered just a plain ole regular burger w/cheese and fries and waffle fries with potato skin type toppings.  The burger was just mouth wateringly out of this world.  It was juicy, cooked perfectly, flavorful without all the seasoning salt and paired perfectly with a toasted sesame bun.  WOW.  I don't think I've ever had a burger this good.  The waffle fries were interesting.  Nicely fried with cheese, bacon, sour cream and a jalepeno on each fry.  Bottom Line:  For $20, you get a burger, fries and milkshake.  By Vegas hotel standards, that's positively cheap!  They also have spiked shakes that sounded delicious.  Will def go back again.
4	Just your average overpriced burger place. Except they make milkshakes with nutella! The hostess gave me an evil look like never before when I asked to be seated at one of the many empty booths. Plus we were sitting near the exit, so every time someone came in, a breeze came in as well, and it was a cold breeze (mind you, Vegas gets cold in January- who knew).3 stars for the food, but +1 for the nutella shake (called the nut job). I don't know how I was able to live all these years without that heart attack in a glass!
2	The best part of the place is the dessert selection. We had the krispy kreme bread pudding and smores which were great.The burgers are not worth the price you pay. The service was horrible, we waited forever to get our drink orders and to get the food. We paid over $100 for burgers for 2 plus dessert and drinks. I have had better burgers and service at cheaper places in Vegas.
4	A friend and I shared our first meal at BLT Burger, after a 6.5 hour flight that involved leaving the house at 5am.  Thus, a plate of bran flakes would've probably gotten a decent number of stars for the chance to be on the ground in Vegas after the trip.Clearly, BLT Burger provided a better meal than bran flakes. We got one of the 'combo meals' of burger + regular fries + shake, and a side of sweet potato fries and another shake (malibu/ pineapple/ something for her, espresso/ kahlua for me).  This was plenty of food for two people, and saved a bit of money that we could later spend on the slots.  The sweet potato fries were much better than the regular, and the burger was properly juicy with a nice, soft bun.  Nothing super special, but still good.The shakes were the highlight.  They were thick, rich, and topped with plenty of whipped cream.  I wish the straw had a slightly larger diameter, but that's a tiny criticism.  There was some vigorous sucking involved in getting all that goodness up the tiny little straw.Service was good, water service was reasonable, price was what you'd expect from Vegas, and shakes get the place to about a 3.5, and I'll round up for the happiness that I had from getting off that plane and into a nice, comfy booth.
5	I think we went there almost every day/night. The staff really took care in maintaining the place and cleaniness is key when it comes to food.Great milkshakes and I really enjoyed my burger with the blue cheese and onions.
4	I didn't want to eat a burger at all when I came here but many months before, as I was leaving the Mirage I glanced at BLT's menu before walking out. I saw something that sounded unbelievably delicious: Krispy Kreme Donut Bread Pudding... WOW there is such a thing!? I LOOOVE Krispy Kreme donuts and I love love bread pudding. Unfortunately I wasn't hungry that day so I wasn't able to try it out until last week. I always feel weird ordering just one thing when I go out so my bf and I split a Combo #2 that included:Classic Burger - $1 more for cheese. Some of the yelp pictures (including mine) make the burgers look way bigger than they are. They're just a bit bigger than In-N-Out burgers but those are only like $3! Ugh...at least it was tasty. Fries - We chose to get the sweet potato fries and these were damn good. So crispy, sweet, and satisfying! Why would anyone ever get regular fries? Oh and don't ruin it with ketchup. Just enjoy...Milkshake - Another extra charge ($1) for an upgrade to a special milkshake. We got the Nut Job, made with hazelnut ice cream, nutella and topped with slivered almonds. I really liked this. The nutty flavors were great with the ice cream. The milkshake wasn't super thick which I liked because you can't drink it otherwise. I wasn't a fan of the whip cream though. It just tasted like air! No hints of sweetness or even creaminess. Normally this thing costs $7. It was good but it wasn't THAT good. That's just pushing on crazy.Finally after the good but too pricey split meal we ordered the dessert. Officially on the menu it's called "krispy kreme" Doughnut Bread Pudding' so I'm wondering if they actually use the real thing. No matter because it tasted perfect! It was everything I imagined it would be. It came out hot and bubbling. The cool rum raisin ice cream was great with the hot pudding. I've had the hot/cold combo hundreds of times but it never gets old. I could still taste the icing on the donuts even though they were mashed up. So delicious! It was $6 and I would order this over and over again. Now I can't ever come to Vegas and leave without one of these in my tummy. I've been thinking about it ever since I left!
4	Okay...I gave this place 4 stars but.....way overpriced. However Las Vegas seems to be overpriced on just about everything. This was however a decent burger. Id go back...just make sure I wasn't paying haha. $18 for a burger, fries and a coke. $14 would be the most id pay for this. I give BLT burger an 82/100
5	On my recent visit to Las Vegas I stayed at the Mirage and  after trying the Salmon burger at BLT, I was haunted by this delectable treat.  It was not the processed bread crumby type of salmon burger.  It was a juicy, tasty, real fresh salmon burger with slices of avocado and watercress and and something that gave it just the right "zing".  Every time I passed the restaurant, the memory of that burger compelled me to visit BLT once again.  This time I added the sweet potato fries and they were excellent as well.  On another occasion I splurged on a vanilla shake and I can honestly say that it was the best I've ever had!  The place itself has a modern ambiance with great music and an open kitchen in the center.
2	There's 70 reviews, so I'm gonna keep it short. Good burgers, but in the very interesting Las Vegas burger wars I'd rate it an also ran. That's not to say it doesn't have its merits it DOES. Great fries. You also can order take out at a bunch of Kiosks located around the casino. If you have a room at the Mirage, its a snap to order some food and take it back to your room. An excuse to actually spend some time in your room, novel! Take out service is spot on, with a loaded goody bag of condiments. Not Burger Bar or Mesa or Bradley Ogden quality, but its a serious six dollar burger and the fries win the contest.  Often a wait. Consider take out and laze on over to one of the benches near the volcano and do some people watching.Recommended.
4	Lunch for 2 comes to around $70.00, but definitely worth going back!I've never had Fried Dill Pickles before, but they are GOOD!  The batter is so light and flavorful!Both the Twinkie and Campfire Marshmellow Milkshakes are out of this world! Sweet, thick, and creamy, can't ask for more!The signature BLT burger and Kobe burger are definitely "gourmet".  Beef are cooked just right, the buns are soft and beautiful to look at too!The waffle fries and sweet potato fries are a little bit on the dry side for me.  I'm hoping they just overcooked it on accident (I have to believe that with everything else so delicious!)
4	Kobe sliders are the way to go. I don't even like blue cheese but even theirs was pretty bomb. The shake was a delicious accompaniment as well.
4	I stumbled across BLT burger by accident a few months ago on a business trip to Vegas, and was very happy that I did. The menu offers a  lot of well prepared standards and some interesting takes on old favorites.  The Lamb Tandoori burger was a nice choice, and the Twinkie Boy milkshake was delicious, though a little strange (it had blended twinkies added to the mixture). I'm pretty over LV anymore, but if/when I make it back, this will definitely be a stop.
2	I have yet to be impressed by anything in the Laurent Tourondel empire and this certainly was no exception.  The Classic Burger would have been mediocre if served at a local diner, and downright pathetic when billed as a "gourmet" burger.  Dry and almost tasteless.  The waffle fries were good, but not any better than they would be anywhere else, like, maybe Chick-Fil-A.  Keep walking.
4	Just visited BLT Burger being a big fan of Bistro Laurent Tourondel. The burgers are made of 100% Certified Black Angus beef burgers are a combination of sirloin, short rib, chuck and brisket cut and are served on a soft bun. I ordered my medium, but I would recommend it medium rare. I tried a medium rare and it was AMAZING... and I AM NOT a burger fan.. but I could not visit BLT BURGER and order chicken... The shakes were delicious too....The decor was great too... Great service...
2	Burgers were not anything special.  The buffalo wings were mediocre.   They were overcooked and dried.  Good fries though.  I'd rather go to an In N Out burger.
3	The menu looks great! The food... Not so much. My burger was perfectly average. I ordered it medium, and it was perfectly medium, so they did that right. On the plus side, they had Chimay beer, which i tried for the first time; worth the extra cash!
3	i reaallly like the decor here. i love the ceilings! the lights! the servers/busboys shirts"TIP WAITERS NOT COWS".."IF U ARE WHAT U EAT IM FRESH, HOT, & EZ"! i love the grill area everything and some!its located in the back of mirage instead of towards the buffet u go the other way towards cpk and pass the deli. then u hit this small margarita bar & bltburger. hannah s & i shared the vegetable salad w grilled chicken (vegetable salad REALLY now isnt that obvious??) it comes with everything possible i mean its lettuce with radish, water chestnut, carrot, cucumber, celery, so much other stuff but my mine just blanked oops. but too bad the grilled chicken was dry as heck...i mean sooo dryyyyy it was like corkboard. also i didnt like that it automatically came with ceasar dressing blah....and they only had 2 other salads which sounded grossdee got a burger which the other girls tried and they said it was sooooooo tender and delish! too bad hannah & i were sick of burgers after serendipity! their fries are a good portion but for $5...no way whatta rip.o the girls also got this fully loaded lookin potato wedges that looked off the hook to bad i didnt get to try any!quick eat in a nicely decorated restaurant!
4	I eat here on average three times a month (no, I'm not a local) and have never been disappointed with the food.  Formerly a fan of Burger Bar @ Mandalay Place, I have to say BLT is far superior: great sides, creative burgers and shakes, decent on-tap beer selection and is reasonably priced-by LV standards anyway.My only  real complaint is the snotty assortment of hostesses who never make me feel welcomed or offer a "thanks" upon departure.  In fact, this irritation is the sole reason I deducted a star!
4	OK, I dont get it .....$15.00 for a cheese burger!? Seriously...........I mean this thing is no bigger than a whopper! and the whopper is $1.50!!!The good thing is these burgers were free........oh yeah!!! go on ask me how!!!
4	After trying this place last night, I'm having a lot of trouble declaring whether I prefer Burger Bar or BLT or even LBS! So many awesome burgers in this town make this a difficult decision! Burger Bar (or LBS) win out if you like the make your own burger thing. These places have a much better selection of toppings (my 2 favorites - brie cheese and cinnamon bacon were missing at BLT!). However, I do love BLT for the sheer variety of "pre-designed" burgers. Lamb burgers? Ban-mi burgers? Crazy I tell you. I had the kobe slider trio cooked medium rare - 1 was BBQ, 1 was BLT and 1 was Blue cheese. All rocked! The sweet potato fries were superb - better than Burger Bar's rendition. We were all way too stuffed to try the shakes, but they did sound awesome.
3	"It's burgers.."[First impression]Yay.. burgers!It's pretty good burger. Between here and The Burger Pit at the Mandalay Bay though, I'd say the Pit takes this one. That isn't to say this place isn't good. It's constantly packed, but where in Vegas isn't. It's my second time back so that says something. They get your burger done right. Good lunch spot. [Suggestion]*If you're not that hungry, share a burger. Although don't ask them to split it for you.. there's a ridiculous splitting fee, you might as well get another burger.[Tips]*Pass on the wings. *eck*
3	Totally unimpressed with BLT Burger, as I was with Burger Bar. Perhaps it's because they're pretty hyped places and because I order classic burgers, but I would expect a flavorful, juicy patty of the finest beef at a place with these kinds of prices and such a famous chef. BLT Burger's classic burger was a thin, flavorless patty. The sweet potato fries were okay, but I've had far better, and they came with no dipping sauce like most places serve. The only good thing was the unique campfire marshmallow shake, with vanilla ice cream and chunks of toasted marshmallows. Service was just okay. The atmosphere is very nice - a cool space - but I won't be back to BLT Burger when I can get far better everything at places like The Counter in LA or Delux in Phoenix for far less money.
2	cool decor, love how the grill is set as in the center of a stage. Had the BLT burger -- can I just say :: life in plastic is fantastic...a dry, juiceless burger with no flavor,no nada.. a frozen patty to me.. I have had way better burgers... hey, but it looked pretty and cost a pretty penny too.. i say skip it  or don't eat the BLT burgerbut all in all a major rip off!
1	I was seated. I looked at the menu. $15+ for a burger? Hrmm, well, I've spent that before. But it better be a good burger. I think that's what I've spent at Burger Bar and it was worth it.Then I saw the fries. $5.95 for fries? Are you freakin' kidding me?? Fries should come with my $15+ burger. They had a combo special -- fries, burger, soft drink for $17.If I'm going to spend $20 on a meal, that burger better have some foie gras or some truffle on it.I left. I never ate the burger or fries. Maybe it is good. But every other restaurant in The Mirage is running recession specials. And for the same price, you could go upscale and eat some fancier food than a burger.Meh.
4	Forget the food! Get the milkshake!! The Nut Job milkshake(hazelnut ice cream, nutella and shaved almonds) was heavenly. All my four stars go to that milkshake. I think I got a bowl of chili, it was pretty yummy. We ordered all the fries: waffle, fat and skinny. Mmmmm. I can't remember what everyone else ordered. The food doesn't quite match the price. But like I said try the milkshake, it's worth it.
2	Ate an early dinner here on Sunday, June 28. Chose this restuarant because we (me & wife) were visiting Las Vegas with our 8-year-old daughter, who is a picky eater.The service was efficient, the ambiance is casino loud, and the food is pretty good. I ordered a basic hamburger with cheese and bacon and it was good, but definitely NOT worth the price I paid ($14). The fact that you have to pay extra for fries adds insult to injury.I cannot recommend this place because the value is horrible.
5	Honestly the best burger I have ever had in my life. I got the Tex Mex burger, medium rare, without salsa. Waffle-cut fries on the side. We sat at the bar and had very speedy service for our beers and burgers, which was surprising since it was about 9pm on a Saturday night.My burger was cooked perfectly medium-rare, very juicy and full of flavor. Again, I can't say it enough -- the BEST burger I've ever, ever had. By far.
2	I could give you a rundown of this whole menu item by item and tell you where to get a better version of it somewhere else in Vegas AND at a better price.  LBS at Red Rock blows this place away in every way possible.  $5 for fries??  Give me a break.
4	I hate to say it, but I think this place is better than the Burger Bar! Located at the Mirage, I came here spontaneously late on a Friday evening and was able to get a place at the bar. I had the Kobe Beef Sliders and the fries- they were the best! They had a great drink selection also and it was hard to choose what to order. I was recommended The Showgirl drink and I did like it a lot. The place has a good vibe to it, and service was very good. I would definitely go back!
2	This place is ok for a burger joint. The milkshakes is where it's at, but the burger itself was not to impressive. I was in Vegas and I heard that this place had some good burgers.  For the price of the burger, I expected better.If by chance you're in San Diego and you want a good burger, stop by a place called Boomerrang's Gourmet Burger
4	As part of a comp package I received from the Mirage, I was able to get a free meal here, so price wasn't really a concern.  That being said, if I were to pay for my meal, my review might be different.  It is pricey, however, the Kobe Burger I had (most expensive on the menu) was the best hamburger I ever had in my life.  It was juicy, flavorful (but not overpowering) and simple.  If it wasn't for $18 price tag, I would probably give this place 5 stars.  I also ordered a milkshake which was excellent as well.  Would have like to have tried an alcoholic milkshake but that wouldn't have been comped, so I opted to stick with the traditional shakes.  I had the waffle fries and they were just like any other fries, nothing special.  My recommendation is bite the bullet, splurge a little and have a lunch or dinner here....just go into knowing you are going to be overpaying, but that the food will be good.  Service was also very prompt and efficient and got the order right the first time.
3	Ate here after seeing The Beatles LOVE show. We were starving. I looked at the prices (whew!) and reminded myself I was in Vegas AND I was starving AND I couldn't imagine walking any further to look for something else to eat.Mr. N had the Kobe beef burger. He said it was the best burger he has ever had. (He often exaggerates). I had the Stripper burger. Basically everything but the bun. My was also good. Service was sketchy - but they were also really busy.All in all, a good burger if you don't mind paying for overpriced food.
2	I actually came here August of 2008. I just never came around to typing up a review. I don't know if it was because they just opened or what but our food was mediocre at best. My burger was dry and my friend's was bland.  And my milkshake tatsed like vanilla when I ordered strawberry. I know I won't be going there again unless I was desperate for a burger and it was my only option.
4	My order: Shared Appetizer of BBQ Nachos, Nut Job Milkshake, and a Lamb Tandoori. Appetizer: Wasnt too bad, probably wouldn't order it again. Milkshake: Nut Job shake was really good, would order it again. Burger: Lamb Tandoori Burger was really juicy!!! I would order it again I would rate the burger itself a 4/5. (deducted a star because waiter miss my cheese on the burger. Would I come back? Probably not, just because the price was a little much for what I ordered.
4	Pitcher of beer, fries, and a lamb tandoori burger.  Awesome.  The burgers here were all very good, and my group was plenty satisfied with them.  The offering of the lamb tandoori option was unique and a nice twist on an old theme.  Execution was excellent and it was cooked just to my liking.  Service was swift and kind as well.  A nice place to enjoy a casual meal for about $20 a person.
3	I finally got to eat at BLT Burger on a recent trip to LV.  I had originally tried to go there back in July 2008 when we had tickets to LOVE, but there was some sort of incident that closed the restaurant down and we had to find another option.  It had remained on my radar ever since though.We went on a Monday evening, arriving something between 8:30 - 9:00 p.m.  I was pleasantly surprised that there was no wait.  We also got a nice table right by the breezeway, which led to some nice people watching and a game I like to call 'real or fake'.  The service was good all-around, quick, friendly and the server even was kind enough to fake laugh at some of my jokes.  I ordered the #2 combo, which is a basic burger (with cheddar), fries (waffle style) and a milkshake (nut job).  The burger was good, but nothing particularly stood out about it.  The waffle fries were below average, a little too much seasoning I though.  The milkshake tasted pretty good, but the one problem with it was that it came with two HUGE straws (if you've ever been to Panera Bread and gotten a frozen drink, like that, but I think bigger).  I didn't try, but I'm pretty sure I literally could have fit three regular sized straws within this straw.  Anyways, the straw sucked, and not in the good way, I wasn't even able to get all the milkshake from the glass.  I also tried one of the wife's onion rings and it was average at best.The remainder of the party was basically 'meh' about this place.  I didn't think it was a great value, but we were in Vegas, so what can you expect.  I can't imagine going back there when there are so many other restaurants I'd like to try in Vegas.  Solid three.
2	$13 bucks for a effing burger?! And that's just the burger, no fries or drink included. My buffalo chicken burger had a sauce on it that reminded me of soap. Fortunately I had lots of ketchup to douse it in.Maybe if I ate red meat I would have enjoyed it but if you're a chicken fan or vegetarian don't come here. There is 1 chicken sandwich and 1 vegetarian option. And don't even think about asking to swap patties. They don't let you do any modifications or customize burgers -- it's take it or leave it here.Wish I had left it.
4	I went to The Mirage in Vegas and I found this cool burger joint. I loved the atmosphere right away. Lots of great energy. The place was full of people who looked happy to be there. I thought it would be a great place for me since I was catching a flight soon. I sat at the counter. The counter was a great place to people watch. I was watching the eaters and the people coming in and out of the Mirage. Very entertaining! I had a friendly waiter. He was great. I love the shirts they wear. Black t-shirts with writing on the back that says "Tip waiters, not cows. I had the Classic Burger with Cheese and the yummy sweet potato fries. I was very satisfied with my meal.It hit the spot. If you are craving a burger I would say go! I would give BLT Burger a thumbs up!!!
3	We tried BLT on our recent visit to Vegas, an overall it was okay.  I ordered the Kobe burger which was good!  My wife and friends ordered regular burgers which really didn't stand out.  Everyone was raving about their shakes...which I guess if you're in the mood for one, come here and try it.  Other than that, it was just a normal burger joint with a little than higher burger prices.Overall, okay food, okay prices, okay service.
2	Overrated. Ate here several times thinking I ordered wrong. Nope just overrated.
4	Yes, it's expensive. Yes, burgers should automatically come with fries. But...the burgers are some of the best I've had. This time, I had the BLT and the husband had the classic. Waffle fries were ordered too.*Burgers - delicious!!! 5 stars.*Fries - a bit overdone and not piping-hot, but tasty none the less.*Service - not spectacular, but decent and friendly.* Ambience - Vegas=people watching and we were at an outer table. Can't beat that.* Overall, this is a great burger and in line with Vegas prices. I can't complain.
3	I've tried:Kobe Slider Trio (BLT/BBQ Onion/Blue Cheese): Very Juicy and Flavorful! Its small, but quite meaty!American Kobe Burger: Very Juicy as above. Some special of the day (reminded me of the umami burger LA with the crispy Parmesan): Not bad, but i probably prefer umami burgerCreamsicle Milkshake: goes well w/ the burgers, too much whipcream...Krispy Kreme Doughnut Bread Pudding: very very sweet...makes me feel guilty...ill probably pass on this next timeNothing special about the service, but i love the modern diner like interior...
3	I can't really give this place a full review since I only came into here for a quick snack and had the Kobe Slider Trio ($18, http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/YhCAJ8acd1X7GkCHPhD8Xw?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw).  I must say though that they have been the best tasting and meatiest sliders on the Strip that I've had so far.  It's a great lunch spot.  I like the decor and had good service.  Hopefully, I'll be able to come by again to try out their burgers, as they looked really good on Chef vs. City.  Really curious about their Banh Mi Burger.  I'll have to try that next time.
2	I was starving after my plane arrived and rolled into this joint for a big juicy burger--- well it filled my hole up but was not the best I've had..Got a cheddar/bacon burger with sweet potato fries and a cold Corona.. The Corona takes the prize!!    My burger took forever! and then it had an odd taste to it-- either due to or in tandem with the liquid smoke that was doused all over it! . I tasted smoke flavor the rest of the day even after brushing!   The fries were overcooked/thin slivers and then the were jammed into a paper cup!  Yummm.. not!  No respect for presentation -- I literally had to dig the fries out of the cup to eat thier mangled peices.    Service was average - not bad and not exceptional either..   Prices were not in line with the value - over priced in my book..  There was a special that day on Bison burgers which I didnt hear about until  I was biting into my burger!  as the folks next to me got to hear about the specials when they sat down. If you want a good burger bar -- go to Mandalay Bay!!
3	good burger, mediocre fries though.  Lack of combos also.  Service was fine, and it's a good lunch choice if you're staying at the mirage, not too pricey, but not food court food for sure.
3	Had a tex-mex type burger that was pretty good. Can get a little pricey but they have "combos" that I guess is supposed to save you money. Service was good, nothing bad but nothing too great as well.
5	Great and I mean really great burgers with a ton of menu variety at the Mirage. I try to eat here every time I am in Vegas and you should too. It's good value and serious quality.
4	Solid 4 stars. Delicious burgers (a little on the tiny side) and a great selection from kobe sampler sliders to a lamb tahiki (spelling???) burger.I had the American Kobe burger with Monterey Jack Cheese. It was DELICIOUS. mmm Kobe so tender. My boyfriend had the lamb tahiki burger and absolutely loved it. Other people ordered the kobe sampler sliders, corn dog and jalapeno poppers. Everything was delicious!If you are deciding between burger bar or BLT I'd say save your money and head to BLT!
2	its okay.... The shakes have gotten an upgrade-- good late night spot for sure! Not even close to being in the same league as Burger Bar, but much better pricing and its easier to get a seat. It's an "in the area" option..really nice and professional take out service... they smile, usually give you a water or something to drink while you wait, and load your bag with an assortment of condiments.  If you're looking to take something into the sports book or back to your room give it an additional half star.  Skip the onion rings.
4	I still like burger bar a bit more than this place, but the lamb tandoori burger here was AWESOME! Juicy with that spicy yogurt sauce. And my gf's Kobe burger was good too! Only thing I would do is substitute the blue cheese on the kobe sliders, gosh that taste of the cheese was freaking gross!
3	Eh- the service here was TERRIBLE! My parents, husband, and I sat in our booth for almost ten minutes until someone came over to get our drink order. When my mom tried to order her food right away, the server said, "I'll get that later" and walked away. Ummm..Anyway, the food was good but the pickles were awful! I love pickles and these just tasted like bland cucumbers. Pickle fail. Hubby got a turkey burger and he liked it. Mom and dad got cheeseburgers and I got a chicken sandwich. None of it was spectacular but it was good.So, in summary, BLT Burger is ok.
4	I ate at BLT Burger a couple times this year during a stay at the Mirage.  There was never a wait and the atmosphere is a fun and easy.  I had the Tex-Mex Burger and the Shaft's Blue.  I also got a side of onion rings once and waffle fries the other time I was there.  Overall the food was fresh, cooked to order and tasty.  I did think it was a bit too expensive for what it was, but it wasn't totally out of line with Vegas prices.  I still like Burger Bar at Mandalay better, but if you in the middle of the strip and want a darn good burger I wouldn't hesitate to hit up BLT B.
5	This place screwed up my order and still gets five stars. We ordered carry out because we wanted to lounge in the room and not have to deal with the crowds.Their burger was incredible! The meat was smoky, the bacon was bomb and it was so juicy and glorious. Now the downfall was we ordered cheddar and got some kind of weird ass cheese on there. It was a strange phenom to be gagging as youre eating such an incredible burger. Hmm...And we also ordered the waffle fries with the bacon and cheese on top. OUT OF THIS WORLD.Relatively cheap at $5 for about 5 big yummy fries and I nearly wanted a second order they were so awesome.Huge crispy waffle fries covered in loads of cheese, bacon bits, green onion and jalapeno with sour cream to dip them in...if there was better than Fat Girl heaven, this would certainly be it.I didnt think it was that expensive compared to many other places so I definitely, definitely eat there again.
3	AMEN to all the people harping about the SHITTY SERVICE! Diego had a special place in my heart when I saw that he was from Guadalajara, Mexico (name tag), but then instantly was removed from that special place when only 75% of the orders came out...we waited what seemed like 10 mins for the last order, which then was WRONG! Diego was avoiding me by then, he knew I would unleash the furry.But...the food is actually solid. Sweet potato fries and lamb burger. Yum.
5	OMG I am having shakes just thinking about this place!So good! I heard angels sing to me as I bit into my burger. My husband looked at me like I was crazy, but i didn't care. This was my first food "O" and dang it I wasn't going to be disturbed. I stopped for a moment and took a bite of my waffle fries. Then it happened. I saw the light. When my sight returned all I saw was an empty plate and my hubbies perplexed face. This place is a must if you are in Vegas.
4	BLT! Gotta rave about the Lamb Tandoori Burger! It was the first burger I tried here when I first went here in April and when I went back in early September in did not disappoint! It is juicy and flavorful. The pickles are amazing. Probably  because I am biased because they don't taste like jarred or regular pickles. As one review said it tastes more like a cucumber (but that's how I like it). The waffle fries are good. My boyfriend had the Kobe burger and he said it truly melt in his mouth. Good place to stop by if you're in the area.
5	I wish, wish, wish there were one of these places in Phoenix.I split the toasted marshmellow shake (a vanilla shake filled with teeny pieces of toasted marshmellows!), a kobe beef burer and sweet potato fries for dinner.MY GODEverything was so great, the portions were nicely sized, and man o man did everything taste good.I love.
2	The BLT Burger was okay.  I just came back from Las Vegas last night. On Friday, I was looking for the restaurant and it was hard to locate at first. There were nobody standing in line so I decided to try it out. I saw several reviews and they say it was the bomb. It was okay.
3	This is a sort of upscale burger place in the south entrance of the Mirage, right next to the moving walkways that go to Caeser's.  First thing I thought of when I saw it was that it was exactly where the white tiger habitat used to be, and that gave me weird images of tiger meat burgers for some reason...Anyway, walking up, we were seated pretty quickly, and our waiter arrived quickly, but he wasn't the king of friendliness by any means.  He wasn't mean or anything, but it seemed like his job was to take orders and bring food, and that's what he did.  It was fine, no biggie.  We ordered two burgers, and the Kobe beef sliders, and the sliders came out quite deliciously.  The meat was tender and cooked to perfection, and the three different tastes were amazing, as well, each in its own way.  The flavor more than made up for the size.  The BLT burger was good, though I can't really say it was all the wonderful.  I'd definitely eat it again, but I'd probably rather try something new from their menu.  It seemed to be the metaphorical vanilla ice cream of the place, when neopolitan, spumoni, and chocolate chip cookie dough were all available, as well.  Next time I'll get the lamb or the banh mi....We also had a hazelnut shake whose name escapes me.  It was pretty good, nice and thick, but the flavor was a little lighter than I expected for something that has Nutella in it...  I make a better one at home, so I doubt I'd order it again.  Overall, the food was good, and the experience was good.  I prefer Burger Bar at Mandalay Bay, though.
2	Everybody else seems to be raving about their food, so maybe I'm a weirdo, but... I didn't think the food in this place was good enough to pay $20 for a burger and fries.  Maybe if I'd gone more adventurous with my order?  I ordered a classic with regular fries.  It was a decent burger, but not the best I've ever had.  And for $20 it should have been f***ing fabulous.
3	What?!? I can't customize my burger here? I think I'm spoiled after going to Burger Bar and being able to build my burger exactly how I want it. But, despite having to "settle" for one of their burgers straight off the menu I do have to say that their food is pretty good. Asian Banh Mi burger - it's a pork and shrimp burger. I was expecting a pork patty w/ shrimp on top, but instead they put pieces of shrimp in the ground pork to form the patty. With the cucumbers and sriracha mayo it's a tasty burger.Shaft's Blue burger - the blue cheese is in the beef patty. Very tender and juicy. The caramelized onions and mushrooms on top were great.Onion rings - large slices of onions that are fried perfectly. These onion rings are definitely better than the ones at Burger Bar.Kid's grilled cheese - it's a standard grilled cheese sandwich. My kid wasn't feeling it but loved his fries.Chocolate milkshake - delicious, but overpriced for $8. I should have picked up 3 shakes from In-N-Out on the way home instead.The bill came out to be over $50. Yeah, the food was good but it's definitely overpriced.
4	Sunny: On one of our nights in Vegas we came across this place in The Mirage. It looked really busy and since we love burgers we decided to go in. I ordered Tex Mex, with side of berry milkshake and sweet potato fries. I LOVE sweet potato fries and these thin crispy fries were amazing. My burger was ok: a bit messy since it had loose chili stuff inside. Flavorful, but messy. The shakes were pretty good. Overall, I would give this place 4 stars.Nolan: This was by far my favorite meal while we were in vegas, I am a huge fan of buffalo chicken sandwiches and theirs is pretty awesome.  The bleu cheese dressing they put on it was sooo delicious!  The sandwich was so good I was a little bit sad when I got to the last bite.  The berry milkshake and sweet potato fries were great additions to the meal and tasted great.  If this place were local for me I would definitely go again!  I would give this place 5 for the buffalo chicken, however the rest of the food I tried were solid 4's.
2	BLT Burger is the latest eatery addition to the Mirage.  Since this place had so much hype, I was expecting quite a good burger.I wanted to try one of their best items and  ordered their American Kobe Beef Burger.   Even though I had requested medium-rare, they served it to me well-done.  Huge mistake,  you never want to cook any marbled meats well-done since all the juices will go up in smoke.  Since the only way I could tell it was well-done was by biting into it, my first taste of their burger was terrible.  It actually tasted like I was eating a charcoal brickette.Even though they offered me to re-fire up a new burger, the damage was already done.  First impressions are everything and this place truly missed the target.  Even their fries were lackluster.I had high expectations for this place, but they let me down big time.  I really don't know if I am willing to try this place again.Decor: 3 Stars (it was okay)Service: 2 Stars (indifferent staff)Atmosphere: 2 Stars (very noisy)Food Quality: 1 Stars (my expectations were dashed)Quantity of Food: 3 Stars (standard quantity)Price: 2 Stars (not worth it)For a Grand Total of 2 Stars.
3	We tried the BLT Burger and Regular cheese burger.  Now looking back, we could have split one burger and fries or onion rings and been stuffed.  The burger was tasty, very juicy with all the fixins.  The milkshakes are great too.  They have some salads that looked good and may try them next time around.  Great for lunch or late night.  Kind of expensive for a burger, fries, and milk shake - over $20.  But its Vegas, so nothing is ever "cheap".  I can get just as good of a burger at home in Chicago, but it was still a decent burger and ended up going back one other day for lunch to go (which is cheapter than room service!).
3	I came to BLT with my boyfriend to have lunch with my cousin from L.A. He was staying at the Mirage, and told us that he wanted to try BLT Burgers. The establishment is decent, but a bit cramped. Perhaps to give the atmosphere of a burger bar of some sorts. The menu offers regular burgers, cheeseburgers, their signature BLT burger, and some atypical burgers (if you are feeling the urge to try something  else than a regular beef patty with a bun). I had ordered the BLT burger, which was good, but I'm not totally sold on the price.  The sweet potato fries are also just ok. I have had better at Lucille's BBQ (if anyone has tried that establishments sweet potato fries). I suppose everything is pretty pricey on the Las Vegas strip, but I just was not sold on this establishments pricing. Also, reason why I may have not been totally sold on pricing was that the service is that of a TGIF or Applebees. Its not a problem, but you probably would expect more service for the price you are paying for a burger & fries. I honestly think that Red Robin has just as good of burgers for better price.
3	after a strenuous day trying to turn nickels into millions at my favorite monopoly slot machines and playing all the hard ways, we ended up at BLT burger at the Mirage where we were staying awhile back.their signature blt burger was pretty good. a gf and i shared the salmon burger and some salad. i guess i was trying to be "healthier" but unfortunately also it didn't hit the spot. actually the cobb salad was decent. but the salmon burger was dry. nothings worse than a dry fish patty. luckily the bf was kind enough to give me some of his burger to wash down the salmon. fries were pretty good. but commenting on food in a casino can be tricky, cuz usually you're either drunk, your tastebuds are killed from all the smoke inhaling oryour brain is half zapped from getting zero sleep!but it all made the stop at Studio B Buffet on the way home all the much better!!!
3	3.5 stars.So after playing a ton of arcade games at a mixer with alumni at Gameworks, I was starving! My friends and I decided to walk to the Mirage to get some food. Yum. The BLT Burger hit the spot perfectly especially with caramelized mushrooms and Swiss cheese.
2	I was really excited to try blt burger because i am a burger fanatic and I loved the blt steak house on sunset blvd. in Los Angeles. This place also had some pretty good reviews on yelp a few months back. I ordered my usual which is a bacon cheese burger with avocado, lettuce, tomato, and onion. I also ordered a side of sweet potato fries. I asked for the burger well done and it was dry, the fries were kinda burnt and cost $5 which is way to much for fries. The side pickle tasted more like a cucumber than a pickle. I have had better burgers from my grill, islands, ruby's diner, and my favorite at claim jumper! I would have to say out of all the places to eat in Vegas i would pass and try something different.
2	I liked Burger Bar better at the Mandalay Bay. I had the Kobe burger here to compare and it was OK, but not as well prepared as Burger Bar. We caught the Beatles Love show and this was a quick pre-show dinner, but I'd only go back if pressed. Nothing spectacular about the $20 burger here!
4	We ate here the other night before going to a show. Great friendly service starting with the hostess and our sever. No, they don't take reservations, but our wait was only 15 minutes at 6.Several of us enjoyed their blue cheese & onion burgers. Super yummy. We also had crispy onion rings, sweet potato fries and fried pickles. Yummy!One huge milkshake was passed around the table for all the try. We didn't leave anything on our plates.
4	Only speaking for the alcohol infused milk shakes BLT burger is neat little bar/lounge tucked away in the corner of the MIrage past the Deli.  The shakes are made separate from the lounge/restaurant.  The shakes are delicious albeit a little on the pricy side even with alcohol (the strip :(
4	When spending few nights in Las Vegas or commonly known as the America's adult playground, you need a night off from clubbing, gambling or drinking so getting a good burger and a beer for dinner is the way to relax and take some time off of the craziness around you...BLT Burger opened in the Mirage hotel July 2008. Those of you familiar with the Mirage hotel, this is where Sigfried and Roy's White Tigers used to lounge around. Also right down the hall from the famous Carnegie Deli across from the new Starbucks.I am a New Yorker. I live in New York City but truthfully I have not been to the BLT Burger in NYC so I got the chance this evening to have a quiet evening me with a nice juicy burger and a cold beer, decided to go to the BLT Burger.BLT Burger is a very casual restaurant. People here come for the burgers, fries and shakes. Their Combo #2 is the most popular option which give you the "Classic" burger, fries and a shake for #19. If you opt for a draft beer instead then the Combo # 3 is for you for $22. There is a nice selection of draft beer available but only few bottle options.I decided on the Lamb Tandoori burger (recommended and ordered medium but it came medium-well so consider when ordering) for $13 with waffles fries for $5 and an ice cold glass of Stella Artois for $7. If you consider this casual burger joint prices are not that budget friendly but you do get a great value for the quality of the food. I finished my meal with the Campfire Marshmallows Shake with marshmallows for $7. You also have the choice to spike up your shake with few options of shakes with liquors. It's the perfect place to have a quick, wallet friendly meal on your own or with friends. Also it's open late on Friday and Saturdays for those may want to grab a burger and a shake on the way back from their clubbing.BLT Burger Staff T-shirts: Tip Waiters Not Cows. If you are what you eat then I am fast, cheap and easy.
4	Good burgers. Definitely at or maybe even slightly above par with Burger Bar!
4	3.5 stars for BLT!I had the BLT Burger. It was a well seasoned burger with a slightly sweet bun topped with crispy bacon. The patty was a bit on the dry side because I accidentally asked for medium well instead of medium (don't ask me why)The bf had the Classic Burger which he thought was pretty good as well just not amazing.We did take out because we stayed in the Mirage and just needed some late night grub (note: they only take take-out orders in person). 2 burgers put us at $30. Probably won't come back unless I stay at the Mirage again, there's just too many other GREAT places in eat in Vegas!
4	As we try to waste time prior to going to the airport, we stumble upon this nice find in what I believe used to be the "tiger den" for Sigfried and Roy.  And wow, what a find.  Can you say YUMMY ALCOHOLIC MILKSHAKES?!?  I had Grandmas Treat = Maker's Mark, Caramel and Vanilla Ice Cream....all sprinkled with some toffee bits with whipped cream. Delicious.  The sweet potato fries were tasty and the jalapeno poppers were fresh, yummy and crispy - it definitely didn't taste like it came from the freezer.  Did i mention the milkshakes???
3	3 maybe 3 1/2 stars. We had the Kobe Sliders which were just ok and the skinny fries which weren't that skinny. The Blue Cheese burger was extremely overpowering, and the BLT, was too smoky. However the Twinky Boy Shake? That was just right. I'll go back again just for that shake, but think there may be a one a year limit considering how rich it is.
2	The wife and I had been looking forward to trying out BLT Burger at The Mirage for some time and last night we finally gave it a shot.I ordered Spicy Buffalo Wings and a Tex Mex Burger with a "Nut Job Milkshake" and wife had a Vegetarian Falafel Burger with swiss and mushrooms, a side order of fried pickles and the same milkshake.Things started well with the milkshakes which were simply put, unbelievably delicious. I'm not normally a big fan of milk based drinks, but I could chug one of these down all day long.Wife really enjoyed her fried pickle appetizer with chipotle ranch dipping sauce and I was encouraged after a bite of my wings. At this point we thought "WOW! What a great place we have discovered".Unfortunately things took a sharp downturn from that point on. By about my third wing (of eight) the taste had become overwhelming and unpleasant. Also, I had deliberately asked for the "spicy" wings as opposed to the "tangy" ones, so why did they taste so strongly of lemon? Wings were also very mushy without any sort of crispness about the exterior. Eventually I gave up after about four - realising I had been forcing them down for the sake of it.Burgers arrived and I was surprised to see something that really didn't look like a $13 burger on my plate. The meat was not cooked to my specifications (but it was close, so I was OK), but the whole thing was BLAND - The Chili included in the burger was tasteless and so runny the bottom part of the bun turned into a soggy mess. The "sour cream" and "jalapenos" supposedly in the burger simply got lost in all the chaos. In the end it was edible, but not something I would ever pay for again.Wife pronounced her Falafel Burger burnt tasting on the outside with a tasteless interior. She got through perhaps 1/3 of the thing and left the rest on her plate. We were both quite surprised the staff member who took our plates didn't ask her if there had been a problem with her meal.Only the excellence of the shakes and the fried pickles saves BLT Burger from a 1 star rating from me. It's a really high price for a great milkshake and mediocre food.
2	My kid and I tried this restaurant mainly for its twinkie milkshakes.The twinkie milkshake was awesome. It had a distinct twinkie flavor that made my kid feel like he was in heaven (he said that). The skinny fries were pretty good too. But the classic hamburger with cheese was less than average. I expected better quality, flavor and bigger size for $13. The service was good. And their shirts said funny stuff like:"I'm juicy" , "don't tip the cow, tip the waiter" and my favorite "if you are what you eat, I'm fast, cheap and easy", lol.I think I'll still be going to In-n-out burger.
3	The 3 stars this restaurant gets is an accurate assessment.   The burgers, fries, onion rings, and milk shake we ordered were all 4 star deserving. However, $13 for a 4 star burger is a bit on the expensiveside. I would say it was an overall delightful experience. Solid quality food and drink, good service at a premium price. You won't be disappointed here.
3	The service was meh but the kobe burger was pretty solid.  Not sure if the meal was worth the price.  Medium is very very pink but lots of great flavor.  The skinny fries were not even close to being skinny (I was expecting more shoestring) and the quantity was not worth the price.  The milkshakes looked pretty tasty and their beer selection is pretty decent.  I don't think I would go out of my way to eat at this place again.  There are plenty of other "gourmet" burger joints where I would rather spend my hard earned $$$s.
2	Another gourmet burger joint, another memorable milkshake and forgettable burger. Another installment in Chef Laurent Tourondel's line of restaurants (the "LT" in BLT), BLT Steak in Los Angeles being the other spot of his I've tried. It's location in the Mirage is solid and the decor was very cool. I had the toasted marshmallow milkshake and I loved it. I could care less about the burger and those who stepped it up and ordered the American Kobe burger, were not impressed either. Save the calories and money and pass on the burger and fries. BLT Burger is more like BLT Milkshake in my opinion.
3	Oh blt i wish i could have given you more stars...While seeking refuge from the sub freezing temperatures outside, your red, friendly glow attracted me faster than a coked out stripper stripper to a wad of cash. I have no qualms with the staff, they were friendly, attentive and kept my tiny water glass filled to the brim.  Yet the burger I ordered was a sad salty brick that would have made the cow cry. We're talking basics here: meat, lettuce, tomato, onion, bun. How difficult is it to make sure my meat is tender, seasoned and juicy? Had i been less inebriated i probably would have sent it back and ordered something less brick-like but at this point, im sure any food at all would have been a good idea to calm my tequila-fueled-intestinal-pyrotechnics.  At least I had the milkshake to hold me over. Baileys, coffee ice cream, chocolate sauce and whoppers, now that's something to write home about.
3	Mediocre. Burger was average...sweet potato fries were not crisp enough... Beer was cold...nothin special.
4	Burgers Burgers Burgers....bloody perfection! This place stays open until 4am....good for me and my ladies since we ate there at 3AM after hitting up the clubs and working up an appetite.  I had the Turkey burger which was simply delicious.  Not too mushy, or dry, the best thing my lips met with that night.  Everything else that the ladies ordered looked amazing as well.  Nachos & the 3 burger sampler smelled and tasted awesome as well.  Our server was there when I needed him to be....70's mustache & all, he was there.  Thanks Gallagher look-a-like!
3	I was SHIT FACED when i ate this burger, so my opinion is somewhat biased. Sweet potato fries are a really fantastic thing, yes sir. i really enjoyed my burger, but i can't say that its as good as a fathers office burgerI think this place is probably a little inconsistent, my burger was ordered medium rare but i swear it was still mooing when they brought it to me. I didn't care though, i was trashed and hungry. i would have eaten at the pink taco restaurant at the hard rock had it been open after the muse concert, but it wasn't so i cabbed it back to the mirage and grubbed here.
3	I thought the burger was great.  It tasted great and the buns were warm and toasty.  Service could've been a bit better.  Minus one star for being so expensive.  It's just a burger.  And although it was great, I don't think they should be charging over $10 for a burger.
1	After seeing BLT on Top Chef I thought I should give it a try.  SOOOO DISAPPOINTED!  Service was also terrible.  The burger tasted like it had liquid smoke.  Don't waste your time or money here.  Try the Burger Bar instead!  My friend got the buffalo chicken sandwich, they even messed that up!
3	Okay, what is it about Las Vegas?  All these choices of restaurents, but mostly they're just okay but really expensive?We got tired of big, expensive dinners and decided to try BLT Burger when we ran across it.  The Shaft's Blue burger was perfect for us.  And how was it?  Eh.  Right off the bat I can name 3 better blue cheese burgers in our area:  Lucky Devil's in Hollywood, Father's Office in Culver City and Santa Monica, and 8oz on Melrose.  For the price and hype, we hoped for better.
3	Visited this place a while back when I was pretty new to Vegas and I remember thinking things are expensive. Looking back it's kind of expected. And now I live here so most likely will not go back just because I know there is better :)We had a waffle bites appetizer which was very good. We ate them slow though, so by the time I got to the last one the waffle fry was a little sad. I got the shaft's blue burger. The carmelized onions were yummy, the mushrooms were ok at best, blue cheese was extra sharp...i know i know it's supposed to be...but it was REALLY sharp. I couldn't figure out if I liked it or if it was too much.The skinny cut fries were delish. Strawberry milkshake was good also but I probably should have ordered the nut job-that sounds better.
4	So it's pricier than In N Out but what did you expect? Just look at the establishment, you know you're not about to buy two cheeseburgers for $1. They have the menu right in front of the restaurant, so you should peep at it before you make your decision. If it's too much for a burger, then go directly across the street to McDonald's.Our waiter was on the ball. I never had to ask for a refill on my soda. He would bring me a new glass before I made that funny noise through the straw when there's no more drink left in the cup/glass. He didn't do this just once but twice without me saying a word. He repeatedly checked up on us. This is an example of how service in Vegas should be like. You don't want to send anyone home a loser. Least you can do for stripping their kid's college fund or taking their home's mortgage is give them good service and make them feel somewhat better about themselves.I was tempted to try their kobe beef burger for $17. However, I just went with the combo: soda, classic, burger and fries which was not much less but it did come with a soda and fries. I substituted my regular fries for sweet potato fries which was not a problem at all. I'm a sucker for sweet potato fries. They were alright here. My classic burger was made just about right. Medium - slight pink in the middle. Tender meat and all the condiments and toppings complimenting one another. All this sided with a pickled cucumber which I'm not usually a fan of but it goes together after every burger bite. Wash it down with tasty beverage and everything plays out like aperfect harmony.My cousins ordered the chocolate milkshake to share. The shake looks like it's 1000 calories, the drink is massive (no joke, I'll put up a picture soon). Between the two girls they were not even able to finish it. Maybe it was too sweet for their blood. It was more of a full on dessert than a drink.Our tab for three people came out to $40ish probably close to $50 after I put down the tip because I thought our waiter deserved it. Pricey but it was a pretty darn good burger and I'm not much of a burger person myself. Once in a while a joint like this isn't a bad idea. I'm not eating $15 burgers daily anyways. Besides, you're in Vegas, live a little.Throughout the course of our meal, they had a lot of classic 80's jams on. No complaints there, can never get tired with that musical selection.Last note: I believe they close late too because my friends dined here after hitting up the clubs.
4	I had the falafel burger, which was DELICIOUS.  The "skinny fries" aren't exactly skinny, but tasted good nonetheless.  Attentive service.  Centrally located on the strip.  I'm going back the next time I'm in Vegas.
3	This place has great burgers. Super juicy, made to order. I had the bacon blue cheese and onion burger each time. Their onion rings are pretty tasty as well. I'd stay away from the sweet potato fries... I've had far better ones in other places.They only receive a three star due to their price. They're basically a fast food joint... but you can expect to pay more than $20. Not a good deal.Enjoy the food as they enjoy raping your wallet.
4	She said..."I would have given this place 5 stars but my fiance insisted on 4. This place was really good for a burger and shake joint. The chocolate milkshake was outstanding...i dont even like chocolate ice cream, but i drank the whole thing and still craved for more. It was so creamy and whippy. The burger was perfect size for one, too small to share though. This place is pretty expensive for a burger resturaunt but i think it was well worth the money we spent. I would definatly go back there."He said..."8 dollar shakes...but they are worth it. Next to Rush's shakes these were the best. I thought their burgers were too small, especially if you are going to charge 8 bucks for one. But they were yummy too. The shake though was legit good. Like they are serious about their shakes. Yea I love shakes that are good not the milkly ones like at Burger King."
3	On Friday night after checking in at TI, we wandered over to the Mirage for a casual dinner at BLT Burger. BLT Burger is just past the casino near Carnagie Deli, RhumBar, and California Pizza Kitchen. My husband and I have ate at BLT Steak in Scottsdale, Arizona, so we thought it would be fun to check out another of the BLT concepts, so BLT Burger it was!The interior is two levels and has a slightly upscale diner feel to it. Service was mediocre - our server was nice but not that attentive which was annoying as the restaurant was maybe only half full at 7 pm on a Friday evening.Our group of four tried:*The All-Nighter, Malibu Barbie, and Night Rider spiked milkshakes - they were all delicious, but I think the favorite was the Malibu Barbie. The Night Rider was my second favorite, but the whipped cream was a bit too thick.*Buffalo Chicken sandwich - my husband is very picky about buffalo chicken sandwiches and while he liked it, he was not wowed*Caesar salad - I don't eat beef, so I opted for a salad as my meal. The salad was large and I enjoyed the large crouton that came on it, but it was not the best salad I have ever had. It needed a bit more dressing to give it more flavor.*BLT Burger - our friends really enjoyed this burger. While it was simple, it hit the spot.*Asian Bahn Mi burger - one of our friends ordered it as it was not a traditional beef burger and while he liked it, it seemed that he liked his wife's BLT Burger more.*Onion rings - cooked perfectly and I liked how the breading was not too heavy.The burgers do not come with a side, so if you want fries or onion rings, you need to make sure to order them as a side. Our bill came to about $65 per couple (includes tax and tip), so it's a tad pricey for a burger and milkshake joint. However, if I were at the Mirage, I might stop by for a spiked milkshake and some fries if I wanted a snack while watching a sporting event - the spiked milkshakes are definitely the best part about BLT Burger!
3	I felt that the food was a little pricey and the service spotty, but I would go back.  We got the waffle cheese fries and fried pickles which were delicious.  We shared a burger, which was just ok.  All the different shakes looked delicious!
4	After visiting Downtown Vegas and the Outlet Mall, it was 2:00 pm and we needed to grab a quick lunch.  We stumbled upon BLT Burger and were happy to find that 1) there was no wait for a table and 2) that they had the NFL playoffs shown on tv's throughout the restaurant!The menu is basically just a bunch of unique burgers, wings, sides and milkshakes.  My mom and I decided to share the lamb burger, which was topped with tzatki sauce and fresh fixings.  It was cooked perfectly, nice and pink in the middle, and was a fun spin.  My dad tried the slider trio; he ordered them medium rare and they were practically mooing still!  He thought that they were the best sliders he had ever had, and they really do cook to order!We also tried the chicken wings, and the onion rings (yummy), but our favorite part had to be the Malibu Barbie Milkshake!  It was under the "Spiked" Milkeshake section and had Malibu Rum in it....yummy!Next time I am in Vegas looking for a mid-priced meal (burgers were around $12 with no side), I will go back to BLT Burger for sure.Funny side note, after we ate, my mom and my sister went to go and  see the white tigers....only to find out, the restaurant is now located where the White Tigers used to be kept!  They moved them into the Dolphin Habitat and now you have to pay to go and see them...boo!
3	After reading up on the hype behind this place, I had to try it for myself.  Overall review, the menu looks better than the food.  Aside from the creative recipes and food items, the food is mediocre. Bahn-Mi burger has some good flavor, and is worth tasting, but I would not order it a second time.  The lamb tandoori burger, on the other hand, was delicious.  Something I would definitely order again.  Skip the sweet potato fries and maybe give the shoestrings a try.  The portion was small and they were soggy.  The best thing we had was the nut job milkshake, which is pretty much a nutella milkshake.  You can never go wrong with Nutella, so this was a success.  Altought quite pricey at about $7.This place is nothing spectacular, especially for having the BLT name.  We spent $50 for 2 people after tip and left to get some snacks from the CVS store across the street.  The best burger joint on the strip remains to be Burger Bar at Mandalay Bay.
3	I ordered some stuff to go. Decided on the Kobe Burger trio appetizer, Lamb burger and the Classic, the place seemed busy so they told me the food would be ready in 30-40 minutes. So since I am in a casino what better way to kill time than to go play some Blackjack! Well thanks to that, my burger ended up costing $200 haha. Oh well, but at least the food tasted good. Would definitely suggest the Kobe trio appetizer, but the lamb burger wasn't that great, the sauce was a little funky and unpleasing to the palate.
2	It was ok. I really wanted it to be amazing though. I looked at the menu and knew what I was going to order months before I left Oregon. I was kind of disapointed.I mean, it wasnt BAD. Just not amazing like I thought it was going to be. I ordered the Shafts Bleu or whatever it's called. My man ordered cheesesticks and a milk shake. The cheesesticks weren't good but the milkshake was. One of my companions ordered the falafel burger, and it was pretty tasteless. Sorry BLT burger, I won't eat you again.
4	I honestly figured this place was just another Strip restaurant, a lot of lights and not so much quality.  I was going to order the Bahn Mi burger but after the waiter said it was on a regular bun I passed (half the fun of Bahn Mi is that wonderful bread).  In the process of trying to decide on what to order I came across the Spiked Milkshakes - I dont know how to convey how absolutely amusing and tasty these are.  All the fun of childhood with a very adult twist!  Honestly I would have hung out all afternoon drinking these and getting gently tipsy but sadly the rest of my party actually wanted to do other things.Positives:Neat and eclectic menu - lots of fun twists on burgers.Food is fresh.Negatives:My jalapeno poppers where so fresh they where crunchy (sad to give fresh food as a negative).This is on my list to stop by again - I was to full to give this place justice and have my eye on the Lamb Tandoori Burger.  Oh, if nothing else I will be getting another Spiked Milkshake!Oh yeah and this is a 4.5!
2	do. not. get. the. burger. with. blue. cheese.it was inconsistent among the 4 that we ordered--some more pungent than others, to the point of inedible. i ordered it mainly for the caramelized onions that i was unable to taste at all. i had to drown my burger in ketchup to help the flavor. i couldnt finish the last bite.the potato fries were on point. i should've just had a meal of that.
5	Can't say anything about the burgers here, but whenever we're in Vegas we stop by for one of their awesome milkshakes. My favorites:Twinkie Boy: vanilla ice cream, milk, caramel syrup, 1 twinkieMalibu Barbie: malibu rum, coconut milk, vanilla ice cream, pineapple juiceKind of on the pricey side -- $7 for the ones without booze, $11 for ones with the booze, but sooo worth it.
4	We stopped here for a bite to eat on our way out of the room.  We recognized it from a show that we seen on the travel channel.  We were seated promptly when we got there.  I ordered the BLUE CHEESE BURGER.  I seen someone else say dont get it, but I LOVED IT.  I was craving a blue cheese burger and this hit the spot.  I personally like mine with lots of blue cheese which it had, it was very flavorful.  I dont remember exactly what my wife ordered, but I know she really liked hers too.  We're going back to vegas in March and we'll hit it up again for lunch for sure.
5	I found this place by accident as we searched all over for Rhumbar which had been recommended by a taxi driver.  Anyway, Rhumbar was all plain and boring and this place looked cool.  It was great because I wanted good and relatively inexpensive food and my friends wanted a cool bar and this place had it all covered.  I'm all about atmosphere and ambiance so we sat right at the bar where we could watch the chefs tame the flames cooking the hamburgers.  If it was one of those cartoons, there would be tendrils of the scent of good food wafting down the hall and dragging people into the place by their nose.  The menu options were fantastic.  I noted they had spiked milkshakes & various signature drinks, but opted for the least expensive thing on the menu - a basic $12 burger.  It was a little bit of a wait, but we were pacified with giant glasses of Pear Cider (on tap!) for only $4 each.  And the wait was totally worth it.  Honestly, I think that it was the best hamburger I ever had - so I will definately add it into my things to do any time I'm in Vegas.  My friends had the onion rings and were raving about them too.  Definately check it out.
4	What a great find on the strip! Ben F. and I were wandering between hotels/casinos looking for a reasonably priced, simple yet appealing meal.BLT Burger is located in the Mirage. We got into a short line and were seated right away. The decor was very cool and modern yet casual, the patrons ranged from couples to tourists to families and the service was quick and friendly.We both ordered the BLT burger and a side of fries. The fries were fine - not too thick nor too skinny, but nothing amazing. The burger was pretty impressive. All are cooked medium unless you ask otherwise. The bacon was really smokey and definitely stood out.So glad we found this place - it was tasty and didn't take too much out of our gambling funds. It did, however, make me want to eat nothing but salads the next day.
3	I had such high hopes that the burgers here would knock my socks off in the same way Seattle's Lunchbox Laboratory (http://www.yelp.com/biz/lunchbox-laboratory-seattle#hrid:Va-9FDaE-fU2orPEHBFwEQ ) did.... but sadly this did not take place.While the burger menu is inventive what ends up on your plate is nothing more than a high price Mickey Ds burger.... Even the waffle fries tasted like _________ (insert random cardboard like substance here).BUT the milkshakes on the other hand are a smash! Get the Twinkie Boy (vanilla ice cream blended with caramel and a Twinkie) and be in heaven for as long as it takes you to suck it down. Enjoy!
2	I found this place thanks to YELP but I wasn't impressed.  I love burgers and was really looking forward to eating here on my Vegas trip.  I got the KOBE burger with Bacon and Avacado.  What could be better, right?  It was just so so.  I wouldn't  go back again.
3	Stumbled across this burger joint after watching Love (great show by the way, even if you're not a huge Beatles fan).What we ordered.Kobe sliders:  Got three different mini sliders, all cooked different ways.  I requested medium, but two of them were close to being well-done, while one was done medium.  I couldn't even tell the difference between these burgers and regular burgers.  The one which was done correctly was tasty, but by the time I got to that one, I was already disappointed.Lamb:  Definitely not what we expected, but that's a good thing.  It's worth trying as you get flavors you are not used to finding in a burger.Onion Rings: No complaints here.  Noticed the Banh Mi burger on the menu.  Right out, the waiter recommended us to stay away.  Not sure what they were trying to accomplish here, but this is a bad representation if you are expecting geniuine Vietnamese sandwiches.In the end, you get okay burgers for above average casino prices.
4	I came here for a friend's birthday a couple weeks ago.  The lamb tandoori burger is great!  The vidalia onion rings are very good.  Not too heavy on the batter, so the onion rings stayed crisp.  I also had a BLT Lager, which was pretty good.  Kind of a sharp flavor.  My birthday buddy just ordered a Classic burger and he said it was pretty good.  Another friend tried the Falafel... not so good.  It was pretty bland to her.The place was pretty busy and a little loud but we could still talk to each other.  There's a lot of traffic going through the casino so you can people watch while you eat or watch espn on the tv.  The staff seemed pretty friendly and we never had any problems getting more beer!
4	I've eaten here twice and I have to say that the first time was a better dining experience. I had the turkey burger... YUM! And a twinkie milkshake... This last time, I had the Buffalo Chicken Burger... it came with avocado slices, but  it wasn't a slice, it was like a whole half of an avocado... I ended up just taking it out because it was too difficult to eat. The waffle fries were good though, probably the best part of that meal.The restaurant is trendy and the staff was accommodating.They say that three times a charm and in true Vegas style, I will just have to take my chances next time.
4	I have been to BLT Burger two times now.  I love sitting at the counter and watching the kitchen.  There is a window about knee or waist level to pass food through from what seems to be an underground kitchen for salads, ff's, sandwiches, etc..., but the burgers are done on the broiler in a circle kitchen right in front of the bar rail customers.  The wait has been long for a table in the restaurant on both of our visits, but we have always slipped right in at the Bar with no problem.The atmosphere is open and fun.  The choices are good and fresh.  I know Marc loves Seattle's Lunchbox Laboratory and I agree that BLT isn't making there own mixes of meat like the lunchbox; however, your also not eating on an old, filthy dirty, velvet table top.  I like to relax in a nice atmosphere myself.I found the Turkey Burger to be disappointing.  I just didn't like the flavor profile, but the other burgers have been very good.  I gave them a wash for the high prices because their lease at the Mirage is probably ridiculous.  I have been to several burger places in Vegas, until I build a Blazing Onion there, BLT is my current favorite.
2	Alright, I was all set for a awesome burger experience in Vegas and this didn't even come close to being one to remember I had done my research and BLT reviews suggested that the cooks here might know a thing or two about how to cook a burger. This was proven to not be the case Now I would have to say that I am a little bit of a burger snob. When it comes cooking a burger I will not tolerate a burger that is cooked past the point of medium and always want medium rare. Being that this place cooks hundreds of burgers a day I thought i would definitely get a MR burger.  Evidently on the day I dined the cooked missed a very basic instruction that is necessary when cooking any juicy delicious burger. Don't press a spatula down on a burger to make flames!Overall, I received a dry (because of the pressing) medium instead of MR burger on a very high quality bun with great "Blue Veined"(Not even Maytag) cheese and bacon along with a side of pretty cold fries. Not exactly what I thought I would be getting for 25 dollars. Now I have no problem paying 20.00 for a delicious, well cooked, high quality burger and this one was only high quality.Come if you want- Overpriced Burgers- Poorly Cooked Burgers- A Nice looking Trendy Restaurant
3	A good, freshly prepared burger. The first place I've been to in a long time that doesn't overcook the burger. I ordered medium and got medium, wasn't burnt on the outside. I'm not giving it more stars because it is a basic burger place that charges SO much. And yes I realize it is in The Mirage and on The Strip, but $22 for a burger (cheese-less) fries and a beer is too much if you want more stars.If you don't mind the price, it's a tasty burger place.
3	So we found this place because a group of friends were staying at The Mirage. We came here on Sunday morning when it turned into daylights savings time and they turned us away because they said the kitchen closes at 3:15am (mind you, it just turned 3 because of the time change and they still didn't offer a seat after their 3:15 explanation).Anyhow, we all got seated relatively quickly for a Sunday lunch. We all got different burgers. I had a bite of the salmon burger, quite interesting but wouldn't be surprised if it was just canned salmon with some fancy shmancy sauce. I got a burger that had onions, mushrooms and bleu cheese. I also added a fried egg for 1.50. It was definitely a 3.5/5 tasting burger--I probably couldn't get over the fact that all of our burgers, though medium rare came out in different shades of pink to brown. The taste was good... but 14 something bucks for this burger seems on the pricey side + because mine came with cheese, I didn't have to add it like the other burgers. It was a reasonable size but for 14 bucks I think I could get a better burger elsewhere.We tried some of the different sides. They were all about 5-6 bucks.Sweet potato fries: 3/5 - Average, still would put Boiling Crab and Father's Office over this placeOnion rings: 5/5 - Really good combination of batter to onionJalapeno poppers: 4/5 - Pretty good hereWaffle fries: 2/5  - You think cheese and sour cream would save this side, but it doesn't.I did enjoy the decor of the place, looks pretty hip. The kitchen is in the center of the restaurant and they have this cool artwork of what looks to be like the road to Vegas (from California).For 4 burgers, and 4 sides, it came out to about $25. I think I'll check something out next time, this place was more out of convenience.
4	A very fine burger establishment located inside the Mirage. Personally  I would have given this place a full 5-stars but their prices are geared more towards tourists with much deeper pockets then me. (Yes, I know eating at a restaurant in the Mirage automatically carries a 35% price increase)Anyway, burgers were awesome, the nachos and fried pickles were amazing.... Service is even good! If only the prices were a little lower and I did not have to battle the strip to get to it, I would become a regular.
2	Sooooooo many better places in Vegas. Don't waste your time/money here. My boyfriend and I stopped here for dinner and let's just say it was a good thing we had been drinking beforehand. The first thing that struck me as odd is that the waiter suggested that I DON'T order the Bahn Mi burger. WTF? Is it really that bad, and if so why is it on the menu?! So my boyfriend got a regular BLT Burger and I got the slider trio.... all overcooked. Mine were borderline ok to slightly overcooked, my boyfriend's gave new meaning to "well done". The pickle was literally a slice of cucumber that possibly had some salt on it. If this was a pickle, it has been sitting in brine for about 2 minutes. The server was nice, and attentive (and apparently concerned enough to steer me clear of the Bahn Mi burger).... so definitely no complaints there. I can't speak to the milkshakes but they looked amazing.
3	I Really enjoyed this!  Reasonable prices and they have local beers on tap.  Decided to try the falafel burger with vidalia onion rings.  Washed it down with a couple local Sin City Amber Ales.  Its not too fancy, but the food is top notch if you are in for a quick bite.   Located in the Mirage.
5	Great place for a late night bite and no where else is open.   Fresh take on some traditional type dishes done burger style.   You can customize each one with a selection of diff toppings to make it all your own.  Pair your burger with the deep fried pickles.  The chili powder ranch dressing is superb.
2	Want to spend $$$$ on 'diner' food? Then stop in at BLT Burger. Just glancing at the menu one might think that the prices are somewhat reasonable, but beware. Fries are NOT included. Yep. That's extra. I had a Tex Mex burger which was decent but I've had better, and bigger elsewhere. The bun was soggy and it fell apart after the first bite. The spiked milkshakes on the other hand are awesome. Grandma's Treat is a wonderful concoction of Makers, vanilla, caramel, and nuts. All in all I would go back to BLT but only for the $11 (gulp) milkshakes.
4	I NEVER go to Las Vegas without stopping at BLT. Plus, they close at 2:00 AM from Sundays to Thursdays and 4:00 AM on Fridays & Saturdays. Who DOESN'T get hungry in the middle of the night at least once on their trip to Vegas? [Not that I ever need an excuse to go to BLT...]Honestly, if you're just planning on ordering a regular "classic" burger, they're just alright. Make sure you try one of their uber burgers.. Most importantly, my #1 reason for going back time and time again -Four Magical Words: KRISPY KREME BREAD PUDDING
1	NEVER Judge a book by its cover.  This place looks so appetizing, fun, and cool. but hey! its NOT.  We came here for a late night dinner on a Thursday night, and the place was semi-crowded, but not OVER crowded.  There wasn't a wait or anything.  And I was so disappointed with this place! Food: the food looks SO MUCH BETTER than it actually is.  The pictures make the burgers appear bigger, juicier, and yummier than they are.  The onion rings are kind of soggy, the fries were alright, and the pickle that is served with the burger is GROSS! it tastes like a rotten cucumber. Service: the waitress was nice, but MAN the food took so long to come out.  And they didn't even bring everything at once.  They even forgot to bring out a side dish that someone at my table ordered.  Ambiance: the place looks fun and the decor is nice for the type of restaurant it is.  Price: TOO EXPENSIVE for what you get.  Don't come here! there are so many better places to check out in the Mirage. Lots of places are open super late, so dont come here because you feel like this place would be convenient.  Service:
4	The family and I accidentally found BLT Burger and boy was it a good find.  We were here around 2pm and there wasn't a wait.  The service was good and the decor was a western theme.  We ordered a Classic burger combo, Tex-Mex burger, and BLT burger.  The classic combo was a basic cab (certified angus beef) patty burger and sweet potato fries.  The sweet potato fries had the perfect sweet and savory combo.  The Tex-Mex had a cab patty, jalapenos, chili, avocado, salsa, jack cheese, onion, and sour cream.  I know it sounds like a little too much going on but it wasn't.  It had just enough of each ingredient to taste the flavors but not overwhelm you.  The BLT had a cab patty, double smoked bacon, lettuce, tomato, and blt burger sauce.  Simple compared to the Tex-Mex but still delicious.  The double smoked bacon was so yummy.  Bacon makes everything better ;o)The price was average for vegas ($13 burgers and the combo was $17).  It was a good meal and I have to admit BLT Burger has some of the best burgers i've ever eaten.  I would definitely make a stop here on my next vegas trip.
2	The burgers were very average,  Nothing spectacular and for 13 bucks I want a good burger.  It was dry with little flavor.  Fries or onion rings were extra.It is worth going there if you like milk shakes.  Wow!  The shakes are amazing.  Overall - being a local and down there to visit family - better hamburgers other places for less money.
4	The first night in Vegas I refused to go here, not wanting to spend over $10 on a burger. Fancy as they were, proudly claiming the 100% Certified Black Angus beef (or CAB, as the menu referred to them) at the center of many sandwiches, I wanted something different than a burger. I mean, I was in Vegas and, really, how special can one make a burger?I gave this place a shot on the next night when we had just an hour before a show in the Mirage. We had to wait in line, but it moved quickly. While waiting, I saw amazing-looking milkshakes served from the side bar. We could see people dining, but when the roles were reversed and I sat, I didn't feel impatient eyes watching me eat. The decor of the place is actually interesting and modern. I really liked the exposed grill and kitchen area set in the back of the restaurant. You could see the chefs and wait staff interacting, hard at work. It felt open with no unnecessary divide.  Not realizing it, I unintentionally often test my waiter or waitress at restaurants when I order water with lemon as my beverage. I'm not trying to be picky but a lot of wait staff forget the lemon. The waiter at BLT Burger brought me a small plate of them promptly. We told him that we had a show to catch and he understood. He and all the wait staff moved so quickly yet with precision. I felt like I was with pros. Okay, so was the over $10 burger worth it? I actually ended up ordering the BBQ brisket. I enjoyed it but found it a bit dry and just a bit more sauce would have solved that problem. My mom really enjoyed her Salmon burger, which was fresh and tasty. The others split a "BLT" burger (someone had to get it) and I must admit that the bite I had was filled with bacon and burger goodness. The carnivore in me sometimes enjoys that. We also shared waffle fries and started with the Waffle Bites, which were very much like loaded potato skins. Not a healthy meal by any means, but it satisfied us and got us to our show on time. I'd go again, but next time I'm trying a milkshake.
4	As burger joints go, this one's a peach. Buried in the back of the vast Mirage hotel, we discovered it almost by accident on our way to see the excellent Cirque du Soleil Love show. After a short wait, we were seated near the side bar where they created the most delicious looking milkshakes. My daughter ordered one which we helped her devour, not exactly with her approval I might add. We each had burgers, all cooked to a different degree and all were delivered exactly as ordered despite the fact that the restaurant was absolutely packed with a constant, if fast-moving, queue outside. If you like good burgers, with real beef instead of the usual junk at certain chains, this is the place for them. As good as it gets.
3	Pretty standard burger joint. My friends and I happened to find it after going to see LOVE. I had a salad, I think it was the Thai salad. The salad was good. I tried some fries from my friend, Jen S., and they were standard. I like the decor. My friends and I were lucky enough to have a bachelor party come to our table and ask us to spin the bachelor's pin. We had to do some moderately naughty things which is what I have come to expect when I'm in Vegas. GOOD TIMES......
5	this place rocks and for all the negative reviews try "the burger bar" and tell me BLT isn't better... the price the selection, the staff is hit and miss but the milkshakes kick a$*...i have the kobe burger and lunchbox milkshake tasted great, when i vacation here i'm going to come back
4	These precious moments, we have so few,Lets go far away, where there's nothing to do but play.You shoot to me that my destiny's with you,And there's no explaining...at BLT BURGER! - Hugh Grant (pop! goes my heart) I feel like i review so many burger places that i have nothing new to write anymore...alright lets go in a different direction... this is a milkshake review - shake shake shake - shake shake shake! I ordered the twinkie shake which includes half a twinkie on the top and the rest is mixed in with their vanilla ice cream. it makes me curious if i could make a twinkie shake on my own...#1 not worth the trouble and #2 it wouldnt taste the same cuz they do it right here and by right i mean realll good. there was another milkshake that i wanted to try and it had hazelnut ice cream + nutella and that sounded good to me too - next time *cross fingers* Food: 4 stars --- Service: 4 stars --- Atmosphere: 4 stars --- Price (value): 4 stars
2	We had a Blt Burger, Slider, shared an order of Fries and two drinks. The total was $47.50 before tip. The burgers were pretty good. The service was rushed and not so friendly. Will not be back.
5	Staggered into this place and was knocked off my feet. Delicious burger! Make sure to get it medium. Waffle fries were awsome.
5	Move over Big Mac, outta the way Whopper... BLT Burgers are the best burgers in Vegas!  Your mouth will water just standing in front of the BLT Burger sign...its the aroma, the open grill right smack in the middle, and the menu of various types of burgers and meats that will make you forget the Vegas buffets (for a limited time that is, I gotta have my buffets)!  I ordered the lamb burger, sweet potato fries, onion rings, and hazelnut shake...sooo good that I felt a burger high, uh until dinner that is!    I ordered my burger medium well so as to not bite into a dry burger, I wanted my meat nice and juicy...BLT does not disappoint when it comes to taste and well cooked meat.  I actually saw this place on the Food Network's "Chefs vs. City," and I was immediately hooked.  So don't just settle for a burger, surrender to a BLT burger!
3	Cooked to perfection, but you will feel like a giant if you eat there because the burgers are so tiny that they feel like you got the bite size version. I guess this wouldn't be so bad if I were on a diet, but what made it worse it that the burger cost $13. SO either you leave hungry or you spend $26 and get two burgers. The pickles were really good.
3	This was my second time coming here...the first time I enjoyed a nice turkey burger...so juicy and delicious and of course with a side of sweet potato fries! On my second visit here I ordered a hamburger that tasted very very gamy not sure if it was beef!! I was a little buzzed so maybe that help put it down! The size of the burgers are really small and I think I could have managed to put down 2!!
5	I read a few of these reviews so I'm not really sure what I can add that others haven't. An earlier posting stated something about the burgers being small...not really sure what kind of experience that was but it wasn't what I took away from BLT Burger.They have a great deal for $22...a classic burger, fries, and a beer. My friend had that while I had the BLT burger with sweet potato fries...I'll withhold my raves since there are so many here already.They've got a good fry selection, good burger selection, and with an interestingly diverse menu BLT Burger should be able to accommodate just about anyone's appetite.Spend-o-meter: 50 for 2 burgers, 2 fries, with 2 beers & soda.Service: Responsive and on top of things. Great balance of making sure we were taken care of without catching us at the wrong time or being pushy.Portions: just enough.Food quality: A+ and cooked perfectly.I really wanted to try a milkshake but I was full after the beer, burger, and fries...I don't skimp on portions and was surprised I was so full. Not having the shake give me a good reason to go back...Overall, got to give it a 5 star. Nothing disappointing. Great flavor. Perfect portion. Perfect lunch.  If I was staying at the Mirage I would get this for take-out to eat in the room.
3	blt burger is a-ok. we were looking for a place for some grease to absorb the evening before's alcohol consumption and this place definitely did the trick. we all had burger combos, which included burgers, fries (onion rings, sweet potato fries and waffle fries, respectively) and a soda...and they were all very good! the service was fantastic, but i just have a really big issue paying $22 for all of that.
4	My raves are not for the sweet potato fries, but rather the salmon burger.  Ok, I admit I was a little buzzed but that was the best damn salmon burger I ever had.  It had the perfect seasoning and I'm not sure what it was but it was like crack to this ho.  Kudos for perfect onion rings too.  And washed it all down with a glass of vino.  Not too shabby for what looks like a diner.Good service too.
4	I visited this place a few times on my last trip to Vegas, mostly since my friends and I were staying at the Mirage, and it's one of the few places that is open late.The food here is pretty decent. I had the lamb burger, which was nicely cooked and had an excellent flavor. Another visit, I had the trio of sliders, which were pretty good, but a little overcooked. Mmmm beefy. Overall, a nice place to come for a quick meal. The service is ok and the food is fine. A little pricey for what's essentially upscale diner food, but that's Vegas for you. Oh for the days of $1.99 prime rib.
4	It was past midnight and I just wanted a snack...one of my gf's and I stopped in before heading out to the other casinos on the strip.  I just couldn't down a ginormous (or what seems to be) burger.  Everywhere I turned every other plate around me had massive amounts of food.I opted for a kids corn dog, sweet potatoe fries and shared a black and white milkshake with my friend...ahhhh, milkshakes are so memorable....(snap out of it!) a corn dog is a corn dog, but it hit the spot, great potatoe fries with that sweet tangy dipping sauce, i love ice cream therefore i love the milkshake!It's open late and we were staying at the Mirage = totally convenient.
2	Meh. Small, dry, unflavorful burgers. Even in our drunken, starving state after a night of partying, it STILL didn't satisfy me. The patties tasted almost previously-frozen... The sweet potato fries that everyone was raving about on here wasn't very good either -- cold, dry, and just not very appetizing. After having some amazingly good burgers earlier in the week, this just disappointed me greatly.
4	My friend and I decided to come here while our two other friends ate at the Carnegie Deli, which I would have loved to try...but I was not ready for that much food!  I got the BBQ Pulled Pork sandwich, it was excellent and my friend got the Veggie Burger, also great.  The negative one star comes from 1) the high prices and 2) no fries or any sides with the sandwiches.  For $15 I would expect some fries!!! In either case, it was very good.
4	It was around 1am when we had a craving for an ice cream sundae and wouldn't know it but Ghirardeli down the street was closed... We crossed the street and went into the Mirage and found this little place. Our server informed us they didn't have hot fudge sundaes but he would make us a chocolate sundae instead. Wow, what service, with a smile no less! Super delicious home made ice cream. I wish I could have gone back to wash down the sundae with a strawberry milkshake.
4	Needed a place to have a decent lunch before heading to the airport. Wasn't the first choice (we were a little bit over quota on beef), but there wasn't a line and time was a factor. Burgers were good as were the waffle fries (but $5 for the rather small serving seemed excessive). Friendly and efficient service. Can't complain.
4	We were starving, we wanted a fancy dinner but not too fancy. 7 of us posted up with no problems. Service was decent. $26 pitchers of Sierra Nevada Pale Ale. We all wanted burgers but started off with chicken wings and mozerella sticks. To make a long story short, thats all we kept ordering because it was so fing good! Why only 4 stars...its a little pricey.
3	We stayed at The Mirage and went to BLT Burger twice.   The first time, the food was ok.   I ordered a burger, fries, and shake combo.  I ordered my burger medium rare and it came out medium.  The fries were good.  The milk shake was really good!   The only complaint was that the service was really slow!We went back again before we had to head to the airport.   This time I ordered the Stripper medium rare (burger without a bun), sweet potato fries and a root beer.  My friend ordered the Angus burger medium.  Again the service was super sloooow!    It took so long to get the food.  And when I questioned the waitress about how long it was taking to get our meal, she seems annoyed.    My friends burger was very rare (odd....because it took so long to get the food...what the heck were they doing?) so we complained and the Manager took it off the check.   All in all just an O.k experience.  The food is ok but the service was not.
3	Award winning turkey burger! I love turkey burgers. It makes me feel so much healthier when I'm eating a burger the size of my face.A little pricey, but its Vegas what can you expect. If you can, get the meal and share the fries with someone. Its more than enough to go around, and the burgers are a la carte otherwise anyways. The service is fast, the waiters are nice. I was staying in the Mirage penthouse and it was nice having this modern burger restaurant to come to.
4	If you're in the mood for a burger, this is a great option!  I had the Classic, and the fiance had the Lamb Tandoori.  He ordered it medium, and wished that he had ordered med-rare (but it was cooked perfectly medium, as requested - not their fault).  We shared some sweet potato fries, which were pretty good, but not as good as the burgers.   Service was very good - a couple of friends changed their orders about 5 minutes after ordering, and everything came out right.
3	This restaurant should be called BLT Milkshake because the milkshakes were some of the best I've tried.  The burger on the other hand was below par for the price.  It was a bit dried because the patty was overcooked.  The milkshake is the star and definitely worth the fly by.
3	3 stars stopped here for a quick bite to eat,tried there supposed kobe steak burger but if you read there description it was grown and cut here, I dont think that qualifies as Kobe beef ordered the Kobe slider appitizer 3 mini kobe burgers1 had carmalized onions1 had blue cheese wit sauce1 had lil lettuce, tomatoes and sometype of sauce all were good taste was ok made all medium well, juicy, tender, only gripe was lil dry even with it being made medium, I would stop back here again for maybe a burger but yeah not my best burger but it was decent.food *** just okprice $$ your in vegas it will be priceyservice *** eh somewhat care about keeping you hydratedambiance ** super loud, tight on space
4	Chocolate whipped cream, skinny fries, fat fries, onion rings, fried pickles oh my! Everyone in my party of 15 had a great time here for lunch! The shakes were excellent - and they do it right - chocolate whipped cream and a BIG WIDE straw. The burgers are perfect, I mean the bun to meat to condiment ratio was just right. The fries were crispy and golden, the onion rings had just the right amount of batter and were cooked perfectly. This is a very fun place for a lunch or dinner with your family or date. Service is friendly and willing to split checks. Great beer, shakes and burgers - a good life indeed!
4	I had been wanting to try this place because I'd heard about the milkshakes, so we finally got there on our last Vegas trip. I had the Kobe slider trio and hubby had just a regular BLT burger. We got the skinny fries, which were good, but the table next to us had onion rings which looked awesome, and we wished we'd gotten those instead. The sliders were good-the blue cheese one was really rich but the bbq onion one was tasty. We got the twinkie milkshake to finish and sweet baby jeesus-it was huge, and delish!! Very sweet though and we couldn't finish it. The restaurant was pretty and service was good-waitress was friendly and kept our water glasses full. I'd go back simply to try more of their milkshakes!!!
4	I'd have to say, the Lamb burger at BLT is the best burger I have ever had. And I order burgers everywhere I go. Fantastic. I can't go to Vegas, and not eat here. The wings are pretty good too.
5	i'm giving it a 5 because I love this place. their burgers come number 2 in my burger hall of fame. Loved their fries as well. Haven't tried the milkshake but everyone was ordering them. This place is a must.
5	My friends and I decided to eat a late dinner here before heading out to the clubs. For the appetizer we got an order of deep fried pickels, which were amazing, and I don't really even like pickels. I'm really boring, so all I got was a plain cheeseburger with ketchup, but it was sooooo good. The burger came with fries, which were really good, but it was way too much food to eat. My friend tried the nutella milkshake and it was amazing, I wanted to order one for myself, but the slinky little dress I was wearing wouldn't allow it. The service was fast and friendly, and all of the servers wore t-shirts with cute slogans. I also liked how they had a seperate area for take-out orders only, I would definitely order a burger for lunch and bring it back to my hotel. This is my new favorite burger place.
4	This could've been a 5 star experience, but the pricey, but not potent drinks brought it down. Don't get me wrong- the mojitos were okay, but this is a Miami girl you're talking to, so bring on the rum!The salmon burger and the pork-n-shrimp burger were absolutely delicious-great alternatives to your usual burger.The Tex Mex looked pretty yummy but was too messy for me to try. I loved the waffle fries and asked for a side of Sriracha mayo to dip them in- talk about spicy, yummy, goodness! There's no room for anything else now, but I will have to come back for an adult milkshake later! They look fantastically indulgent - perfect for a warm Vegas day!
4	this was the place i've been looking forward to. it was really late at night and i was not hungry so i just ordered some buffalo wings and onion wings. the buffalo wings were really really spicy for some of my frens but it was still going. the burgers looked really yummy too. my boyfriend had the kobe beef burger i think and it was pretty bomb. definitely need to try that blt burger next time tho.
4	Lamb Burger = AWESOME!Krispy Kreme Bread Pudding = ARE YOU KIDDING ME!?!?Beer Selection = Did you invade my dreams???Highly recommended!
4	Dined here alone since I woke up late from a hangover and my friends when to another restaurant across the strip. I didn't want to walk outside in the hot weather.  Got seated within one minute in a 2-seater table.  Got my water and placed my order.I ordered the atlanic salmon burger, with avocado, red onion, watercress, zesty-cayenne tartar sauce and portobello mushroom for $17 (including tax). DID NOT REGRET IT AT ALL!!Everything tasted great but the mushroom was falling out - makes a great side dish.  My favorite was the dill pickle; wished I could have ordered a second one.Great service, great food, great music.
5	I used to work with the server, Diego, so he paid very good attention to me so service was perfect.   The food?   Well, I don't think Diego did the cooking, but the burgers were awesome!   We had a couple of lamb burgers with chocolate milkshakes and loved every bit of it.   It's not cheap for a burger place, but it's on par with Vegas Strip places and I really enjoyed the meal.A+
4	Came here after partying @ Jet... suuuuper loaded.. suuuuer hungryyyy.But since it was late night i wasn't trying to have a humongus burger. i opted for the BBQ nachos and my boyfriend had the Atlantic Salmon Burger which had  avocados, red onions and some kind of cayenne tartar sauce W/ fries.EVerything tasted freshly made to order.  I never had BBQ nachos before- but  I really want the bbq sauce they used in these nachos!
4	BLT Burger Rocks!We were originally planning to eat at the Carnegie Deli which is right near BLT Burger in the Mirage. We decided not to after looking at their menu. It's friggin ridiculous. $25 for sandwich and a $3 charge to split the sandwich!We walk right over to BLT which is alway a consistent late-night stand-by. The burgers are excellent and innovative. They always have some late-night appetizer and drink special. Try the spike milkshake - decadent.Is it the best burger joint in Vegas? Probably not. But it is definitely worth a try.Be careful what you order, it can add up pretty quick. Look at the combo specials and daily specials if you are on a budget.
2	Burgers were very disappointing, I was expecting a gourmet burger and got something I would expect from a fast food joint.  Our service was good and also enjoyed their pickles... But got charged when we asked for an extra one
4	Theres not much to be said when everything tastes excellent from the appetizers to the burgers and OMG the shakes are just so damn good although I still think the Vanilla Shake at Jean Philippe Patisserie in the Bellagio is the best! Although its pricey, no surprise there,  the portions are huge so bring your appetite!PS - When I say burger its based on Chicken being the choice of meat
1	Celebrity chef restaurants are everywhere in Vegas.  I only wish I went to the good ones.  Unfortunately, I picked the big-fat-smelly-Iowa-rotten egg!Before I ate at BLT Burger (Laurent Tourondel's place) inside the Mirage at Vegas, my viewpoint towards chef's who ordained their name in front of the marquee was respectable.  Now I say...let me eat at a restaurant that doesn't have a person's name attached and if I like it and it just so happens to be a food mogul's place than I'll give him/her mad-ass props.BLT Burger deserves no props and I attach a scarlet letter to any BLT franchises around the world.  Without going off on a tangent about the prolific appearance of ala-carte burger joints in every major city, BLT Burger is subpar to a Chili's and Fuddruckers.It was late when I went, and I was nursing a good daytime soiree of inebriations.  I thought BLT was the best choice.  Wrong.  The meat by itself was tasteless.  Any burger can be accessorized; there is nothing special with all the combinations offered on BLT's menu.  The fries - In N Out has them beat hands down.  I tasted a chocolate shake and vanilla one.  Though the shakes might be made with real ice cream (I do not know) they did not taste like it.  The best thing I can say about them was the straw.  It was the size of one of those metallic Slurpee straws you buy from 7-Eleven.
4	I was in the mood for a gourmet burger during my last trip to Vegas and having such a positive experience at the Burger Bar in Mandalay, I wanted a repeat performance.  Perusing the restaurants list (which changes constantly in this town like the hotels) I noticed a listing for a place at the Mirage with the familiar acronym 'BLT'.  Having tried the  Bistro Laurent Tourondel steak place in Hollywood back home, I was intrigued enough and seeing the number of positive yelp reviews I convinced my friends this would be our lunch spot sometime before the end of the weekend.So to cap off our sunday lunch we made our way to the Mirage resort to find a nice open air, indoor burger joint with hip club lighting, decor and audible but not overly loud R&B and hiphop music playing over the speakers.  Our waitress was friendly and cheerful and service was nice and fairly quick.  All of us ordered different burgers, me going for the lamb tandoori which i ordered med rare.  My friends ordered a couple different more traditional beef burgers which I can't remember but all of them were cooked really well, fat, juicy with some of the best sweet potato fries on the side that I've ever had.  Even FO's fries back home in LA weren't as crispy and well seasoned as these and honestly I'm not a big fan of the 'sweet potato' taste and these were much more subtle and almost tasted like regular potatos with a hint of the sweetness making them stand out.Alcoholic milkshakes also made their way around the table, my friend ordered a Kahluha oreo cookie mudslide and i got the Malibu Barbie which I found a better choice than the heavier chocolate rich drink.  Almost like drinking a pina colada ice cream sundae in a glass it was the perfect way to finish off a great lunch and a fun weekend.  I suspect I will be coming back here some day especially given they run til 2 am, making them a quality late night food haven after clubbing or taking a break between venues.
5	Wow better than Hodads in San Diego. I shared  the BLT burger with a friend, as we were walking by and it looked so good that we decided to eat there. We ordered the patty medium.  I ate the burger without any condiments, and didn't realize that there were none (ketchup, mustard, etc.) until I was down to the last few bites and noticed the ketchup sitting next to me. It tasted so good that I didn't bother placing and condiments on it.
4	Came here after watching Beatles Love.  The BLT was amazing.  It was a big sandwich.  The pickle that came with the sandwich tasted more like a cucumber.  The cross-cut fries were good, but they don't give you $5 worth.  I didn't like the fried mac n cheese as much and it was small for the price.  I didn't have a milkshake, but they looked good esp for the price.  If I were to go back, I would order the BLT meal with cross-cut fries and a shake.
1	What a totally overpriced ripoff... and I really do like gourmet "designer burgers". But "gourmet" they certainly weren't. Ours came tasteless, chewy and ruined by a truckload of salt. This was worse than a desert truck stop. - Never again.
4	After an afternoon and night of drinking, one can get pretty hungry.BLT Burger is a nice place to get that fix.I have been here twice. Both times, I ordered the Classic Burger. $18 for the meal: Classic burger, fries, and a soda.  And there's one for $23 that has a beer instead of a soda.The burger is pretty thick, and it can fill you up pretty fast.  It does the job, but it's still not the best thing ever.  It is a really good burger, though.Try to go during the Mirage's Volcano show.  If you try to go after, there will be a pretty long line.
4	I owe my current avi to this place!  If you happen to be on the strip and in need of lunch, this is a great choice. Fun decor. Good service. Thoroughly enjoyed my vanilla milkshake. Had the burger w/o buns and was very satisfied.
3	This pertains to the Restaurant week menu for lunch.The Skinny: gourmet burgers that sound great on paper but have too much going on when it comes down to execution(3) service: was prompt and good for lunch (4) value: for what it is, it's a little pricey (3).This restaurant has a lot going on for it. From the black t-shirts with interesting statements like "Tip Waiters Not Cows" or "Super Juicy!" embossed on them to the great mix of 80's favourites grooving overhead, this place kind of exhudes a great fun vibe. Too bad the food doesn't live up to the ambience.The cab burger had mushrooms, bacon, frisee and truffled aioli. The flavours of the smoky bacon overwhelmed the umami of the truffles and mushrooms. The burger itself was a little on the dry side even though we ordered medium rare.The rosemary garlic fries fared a bit better although they weren't shoestring fries. They were crisp with a subtle hint of rosemary and beefy flavours.The s'more dessert was way too sweet containing peanut butter, melted marshmallows with the graham crackers dipped in super sweet milk chocolate. There was no textural contrast between the softness of marshmallow and the crunch of cracker. On top of it, it wasn't very warm.Overall, an okay experience but not worth the price - 3 star review.
4	Yum...the French burger with rosemary fries were delicious!  This place is open from 11am to 3:30am, so pretty much open when you need something good to eat at a somewhat reasonable price.  Cool decor, good service and great food!
1	I had the "stripper burger", which I thought was going to be lettuce wrapped......It was a burnt patty, over shredded lettuce with cheese and a slice of tomato for $12, meeeh. I also order the "Showgirl" cocktail, which I really HOPE they forgot the alcohol, because it was WEAK which a $12 cocktail SHOULD not be.Hubby had the TexMex, which tasted decent and looked phenomenal.Fries, were just fries. I would take Red Robin's over theirs.
4	BLT burger was my first taste of Las Vegas and a great place to have an out of the ordinary burger and shake.   I had the pulled pork burger and R had the classic with the mushrooms, Monterey Jack cheese, avocado, and Jalapeno peppers.  Not realizing how thick the burgers were, we also got the vidalia onion rings and the french fries and the mudslide shakes to top off the meal.The shake was absolutely amazing and was enough for the both of us to share.  The burgers were HUGE!   I'm a pretty large eater, but there was no way that I could have finished both the burger and the onion rings.  It had just the right amount of coleslaw and sauce to make it yummy.   (I normally hate coleslaw, but this one was really good.  The best thing was the onion rings.  When you take your first bite, you can savor the crispiness of it, and the sweetness of the onions, combined with a little bit of ketchup, and I was in love.  BLT burger is not the cheapest place in town, which is why the 4 stars instead of 5.  For the 2 of us, it came out to about $50.00 with tip.
4	Great burgers in a convenient location for a very decent price!Indulged in a "twinkie" milkshake, and was glad I did!  Super tasty and original flavor!  The burgers and fries were cooked to perfection and served promptly.Good selection of beers on tap, and great service.Awesome place to just pick up a bite, if you're in Vegas and looking for a quick burger, avoid the arches you can find in any town and swing by this place!
5	Hands-down, this is one of my favorite places to eat in Vegas. I went with my girlfriend. We shared an order of fries, she had the classic with American cheese, I had the "BLT" with Oregon cheddar, and we shared a strawberry milkshake. The shake was, by far, the best milkshake I have ever had. We got Strawberry because it is my girlfriend's favorite, but they have many more interesting flavors, like Twinkie Boy (made with twinkies), Campfire Marshmallows (made with toasted marshmallows), the Lunchbox (made with peanut butter and jelly), or the Nut Jub (made with hazelnut ice cream and Nutella). Being in Las Vegas, they even have a section on their menu devoted specifically to Spiked Milkshakes! Both of the burgers were a good size, big enough that I wasn't annoyed at the size, but small enough that I wasn'y amazed by it. My girlfriend's burger was very good, but not special because she didn't add anything to it. The "BLT", on the other hand, was amazing. The double-smoked bacon was crisp, but not at all burnt or overdone, and the "double-smoked" flavor was fantastic. Also, there was something special about the Oregon cheddar and I enjoyed its flavor much more than other cheddars. I didn't notice until after I ordered, but they offer fried eggs as an optional topping. That really made this place for me, because fried eggs are awesome on burgers (if you haven't tried one on a burger, you are seriously missing out). I can't decide if I want to try the "BLT" again, with chili, a fried egg, and Oregon cheddar, or if I want to try the Buffalo Chicken burger next time. Either way, I'm positive I won't be disappointed. To top it off, though, the fries were delicious. They were cooked to a slight crunch, but not over done, and the inside was light and fluffy. Also, they didn't obliterate the fries with salt before bringing them out, allowing you to add the amount of salt you like, which was great for me because I hate salt on my fries.The service here was good. We didn't have to wait very long for lunch and our server was friendly. She was very good at knowing what time to check on us and took good care of us. I especially liked that she didn't get annoyed when we needed a few extra minutes to decide what we wanted (like at the Carnegie Deli down the hall) and just came back in a few minutes, instead of checking every 30 seconds for the first 2 minutes and then ditching us for 20 minutes (which is what happened at Carnegie)To all the complainers about the high price, THIS IS VEGAS. Yes, the price is high, but don't pretend like you didn't see it coming. EVERYTHING on the Strip is expensive. For the Strip, I found this place reasonable, especially for the quality and size of the food, along with the service. If you don't like the prices, you picked the wrong place for your vacation and you should just go home so the rest of us don't have to wait.Anyways, I'll definitely be back here next time I am on the Strip. Can't wait to try those shakes!
3	Went to BLT on a weekday mid-afternoon and there was no waiting. Nice easy location and a good people watching place as it's open to a main pathway in the Mirage. I had the BLT burger with it's double smoked bacon. It was like an explosion of smoky flavor when I took my first bite. Pretty tasty over all but I would like to see a better bun. Also had a side of onion rings which were very ordinary and must have been preprocessed. My wife has the Shaft's blue cheese burger with balsamic caramelized onions, and mushrooms. The sweet onions against the blue cheese was really nice. I liked this burger quite a bit and was my favorite of the two we had. She also had sweet potato fries which were decent too. I was expecting bigger burgers for the price too. I could see myself eating there again but it wouldn't be my first choice. I liked the burger place at the Paris better.
4	I just got a combo that included their classic burger, french fries that I switched for sweet potato fries, and a milk shake. Their classic burger was okay, the other burgers on the menu looked more tasty. The sweet potato fries were amazing!! I definitely recommend them! And their milkshakes were heavenly. I wouldnt go out of my way to eat here but if you're already staying at the mirage its a good place to grab some lunch.
5	I ca.t believe someone would say the burgers are tasteless, mebbe it was cause you were drunk?I thought the burgers were perfect, and burgers are my weakness.  The crisp char on the outside the juiciness on the inside.  The big beefy taste as you take your first bite.You can't beat it.The fries with the garlic were great as was the choco shake.So far this is the best restaurant burger in vegas for meFor dessert we had the s'mores pretty tasty.  And it was a real s'more,  2 graham crackers stuffed with peanut butter and a marshmallow that gets melted and dipped in chocolate.
1	What a dump. Fuddruckers is better. Burger sucked, fries sucked, onion rings were good.The service sucked. Waitress messed up a few of the orders, and then told us that "she didn't care because the restaurant owes her three thousand dollars." Like I give a sh!t, or want to hear her sob story. Needless to say she didn't get any tip from our party of 6's $100 bill.You can't just smack the name BLT on a TGI Friday's quality burger and expect me to think that I am eating a quality piece of meat.I was much happier at In-N-Out fast food the next day. The friendly cashier even said "thank you".
3	Good late night eats. We had the fried Mac and cheese and the buffalo shrimp off the happy hour menu for an app and then I had their specialty blue cheese burger for dinner. The Mac and cheese was good . Crispy outside and cheesy inside. It did fall apart once you took your first bite and it was served with a pomadoro sauce I suppose to play off it's similarities to fried mozz. The buffalo shrimp were amazing until they very last one. My last bite had bits of shrimp shell and grit that I fear was from a shrimp that had not been cleaned properly. The burger was great however. Cooked to a juicy medium crispy bacon with tart blue cheese. We also got a side of sweet potato fries which were the big Debbie downer of the meal. Don't get them. Unseasoned cardboard sticks. Maybe I got a bad batch but I won't be trying them again. How do you mess up fries other than sandbagging then and leaving then under the heat lamp? Anyway, good place for late night grub just stick to the burgers.
1	Before everyone attacks me for giving this place a one star, I'll have to mention that I ordered a salad (b/c i was full from drinking my yard dog from fat tuesdays). Food: I ordered the caesar salad but it came with these weird croutons that had gunk all over them. I'm sure it was edible but it just looked incredibly gross. Other than that the salad was a salad and satisfied my cravings for vegetables after an entire weekend of being starved from them. Appetizers: BAD. We ordered nachos, fried pickles and buffalo wings. The spicy buffalo wings were by far the worse. They were not so much spicy but just incredibly tangy. Trying to finish my one wing was like torture because everytime I tasted the sauce, my face would have no control but to make a face from having eaten something very tangy/sour. Fried Pickles were probably how they were supposed to be but just not my cup of tea. To describe them for you readers though, it was warm and kind of mushy. I prefer my pickles crunchy and cold, and I think that's how most people do too. On the bright side, the fat fries which were basically potato wedges that my boyfriend ordered were crispy and actually really good. But he told me the burgers were just meh so I don't think I"ll ever be back to give their burgers a chance.
4	Came here in our desperate need to get some bomb burgers at 330 in the morning ahah! :D We got the classic and the kobe bbq burger and o.my.goodness!! it was the best burger I have ever had. It could also be the fact that me and my homegirl was pretty buzzin from our "drinking" session before heading out for a night out on the town. Eh it's vegas whose gonna judge us kiki ^^ The burgers are pretty pricey spent about 33 bux just on two burgers!! ):
1	Very mediocre burger w friendly but unattentive service. My basic burger and fry combo ($18) had eight pieces of gristle. In a lifetime of burger eating I've never had to spit out that much. I called a manager aside and wanted to call it to his attention. Without apology he told me that its likely to happen w their food since they order the meat in slabs and grind it themselves. Hmmm, so they have even MORE control over what goes into their product and it still comes out like that. He even condecended to say " that's why you'll find more gristle in our burgers than you would at McDonalds". With all the cheaper and better places to eat nearby, avoid this place unless desperate.
3	BLT Burger is located in the Mirage where my boyfriend and I were staying for our Vegas trip so we decided to check it out. As with any place that has a Turkey Burger I decided to order that and my boyfriend got himself the Tex-Mex Burger with waffle fries. The Turkey Burger was delicious and from the boyfriend's review the Tex-Mex Burger tasted good but is a messy eater. Fries are just that, nothing special about them and they give you a small amount. The reason this place gets 3 stars is because there was nothing impressive about the service and the prices (as everything is on the strip) were a tad expensive. For example for a side of fries it would set you back five dollars. Good turkey burger, pricey if you don't keep track of what you're ordering.
1	Recently ate here because we couldn't find anything closer at the time.  Service was slow and not friendly.  Burgers are small and don't come with fries or onion rings.  Fries or onion rings will cost you 5 dollars.  I ordered the bbq burger and it was nothing special.  At around 13 dollars I will probably not plan on going back.
4	SHAKE WHAT YOUR MAMA GAVE YOU!Catching up on America's reborn Burger barrage, BLT Burger in the Mirage offers diners a full menu of meaty magnificence.  It's usually pretty crowded, but it never feels cramped.  Even when there is a long line to sit down, it generally moves quickly.While the burgers are good, (try the Kobe burger cooked Medium) the real reason to come here is for the milkshakes.  Flavors like Twinkie, or Toasted Marshmellow are fantasically flavorful, and divinely decadent.  Just one sip and you're sitting around a campfire with friends, or enjoying the after-school snack of your youth.  Are there better burgers in Las Vegas?  YES.Are there better milkshakes?   No Way!Whether you're visiting from out of town, or taking a quick trip to the strip, get reaquainted with your inner kid, and have some frosty fun!
3	expect to wait a little bit if you come here for dinner on a friday night. cute little burger joint in the mirage. all the burgers on the menu looked really good. i ordered the stripper...which is basically a burger without the bun. it was filling and very tasty. the waffle fries were really yummy too. my friend order the chicken fingers and the "all-nighter" which was a spiked milkshake. the chicken fingers were pretty standard. the milkshake was crazy good! you could barely taste the alcohol in it. service was ok and prices were pretty good considering its vegas.
4	After walking The Strip with my 46oz of Strawberry Margarita coursing through me, the boyfriend and I decided to grab some dinner.  We headed back to where we were staying at, The Mirage, with CPK in mind.  When we got there, the line was ridiculously huge so we ended up at BLT Burger instead.That was the best decision ever!CPK is everywhere.  I get it enough in Arizona.  But a delicious Veggie Falafel burger?  OH GAWD!  I had ordered my vegetarian burger due to feeling the greasy Las Vegas diet slowing me down.  It's seriously the best burger ever~  The chickpea gave the burger a delicious crunch while the hummus gave the burger the moisture it needed.  I ordered my burger with Monterey Jack.  It was bliss~!  Their spiked milkshakes sounds really intriguing!
4	The American Kobe burger is the greatest burger I've ever had. I had it two nights in a row despite it's price. I ordered yam fries as well but each time they were overcooked and greasy and I didn't finish them.
3	good burger, but too pricey for what you get.when i come to vegas i like to go to as many restaurants as i can and just order a item on the menu and split it. the bf and i got the blt burger and it was delish, but too pricey. i would have rather spent the $15+ for a full meal at grand lux lol. nothing special so this review is short.NOTE: our waiter was nice, fast and attentive, but the hostesses need a personality check. they were rude and not too friendly...i didn't even want to enter the joint, but the bf wanted to try the burgers...if i came back and saw them i would walk the other way
4	Loves it! A "Stripper Burger" (burger with no buns, HA) with a fried egg and waffle fries..... the most amazing meal at 2am (at least, I think it was 2... I lost all concept of time in that town, I swear). This meal saved my life two nights in a row... if I hadn't gone and enjoyed this meal, the next day would have been a lot more painful to endure! I never got a chance to try the milkshakes, but they sounded positively scrumtrulescent (points to anyone who knows what "scrumtrulescent" is). Short story: just go.
3	I was taken here for my birthday.  Because my family knows my affinity for Cheese burgers.  The place is nice looking.  Smaller than I expected and wide open.  The booths are very comfy which I like.  I have been in some uncomfortable boots, and it sometimes can ruin a meal in my opinion.The waitress was friendly and attentive.  I had the American Kobe with Oregon cheddar, and it was good, but didn't blow me away.  Although the waffle fries were really good.  This place is a good spot if your maybe staying at the hotel and don't wanna spend too much cash.  Even though It's a bit more expensive then maybe it should be.  With several different gourmet type burger places on the strip I don't know when I will be back.  My biggest regret is not having one of there spiked milkshakes they looked really good.  I will be back to try one of those for sure.
4	If you like blue cheese with your steak then definitely gotta try the shaft's blue burger, the caramelized onions blends in well.
3	When BLT first opened it was great.  Since then, I think the quality of the meat and service has deteriorated.  Maybe the "new-ness" and "novelty" of the place has worn off and its just another restaurant in the Mirage.   Thats sad.  Where else can you order a "Stripper" and receive a bun-less burger with delicious red peppers and avocado?The liquor milkshakes are delicious but pricey--even for the Strip.
3	now i love blt burger back in nyc so i decided to take my family to dinner here one evening. i love the burgers and sweet potato fries. (not to mention the alcoholic milkshakes.) something about this location just didn't rub me right. it could have been how the restaurant is located right by the entrance of the mirage and across the way from a fat tuesdays wannabe. you have to deal with all the screaming, drunk tourists. (some of them actually coming up to your table along the way.) since it is located on the strip the prices are always a few dollars more. i love all the different kinds of burgers though. the stripper burger is my favorite. (and healthiest choice!) the servers were very nice and attentive even though they have to deal with the loud screaming people on the daily. very on point too and the wait for the food was pretty quick. i say to go during a week night earlier in the evening. make sure to get the sweet potato fries (or waffle fries if you're not the sweet potato type!)
3	I keep coming here and keep wanting to love it, but it is just not happening. The best things at BLT Burger are actually not the burgers (especially for the price).Now, don't get me wrong, the burgers are solid. In fact, if quality burgers aren't a regular thing for you, this place may blow your mind. But alas, the burgers just aren't as juicy and flavorful as other burger places in town. There are a lot of burger options to choose from, though, including lamb, vegetarian, etc. - so there are legitimately more options here than other burger places.Everything else on the menu has been great (waffle fries, onion rings, chili, etc.). The two best things about BLT Burger are the jalapeno poppers and adult milkshakes.The jalapeno poppers are long and thick. They deliver a powerful punch of spicy and come with a spicy salsa-type dipping sauce to dip them in (double spicy!).The adult milkshakes are an absolute must (a.k.a. milkshakes with alcohol). I have repeatedly taken tourists here just for the milkshakes. I personally recommend the Malibu Barbie (coconut fruity goodness). The milkshakes are tall and thick and so deliciously yummy. Beware, though, the shakes are incredibly filling. The atmosphere is well-suited for a burger place. It's on the smaller side and open. It's casual, but burger-chic.
4	Had the buffalo chicken sandwich - very impressed!  Bleu cheese crumbles are added (and very strong), so be sure to ask to have these removed if you're not a fan of bleu cheese.They offer three different styles of fries - thin, thick or waffle fries.  I had the thin - they weren't bad, but I've had better.  Definitely not worth 5 bucks.Spent 41 bucks on two sandwiches, one order of fries, and one coke.  But you can't expect anything cheap in Las Vegas... where the taxes were nearly 20%... eek.
3	It was the middle of the night, around 1 a.m. to be exact, and we just got into Vegas.  We had been walking around for a bit already and we were desperately looking for a place to have dinner.  Yes, dinner at 1 a.m.  Oh it felt like college for a moment.  We walked into the Mirage and just saw this place and decided to eat at BLT Burger.  As far as the menu nothing really jumped at me, but the list of milkshakes caught my eye.  Names from "twinkie boy" to "the lunch box", there were some clever names for their shakes that coincided with the ingredients of the shakes.  Not a lot of places have a big choice of shakes.   I ended up ordering the combo, which included the classic burger combo with chili.  The combo came with choice fries and choice of milkshake; I got the "nut job".  The milkshake with the silly name had hazelnut ice cream, NUTELLA! and "slivered" pieces of almonds.  Nutella in a shake is actually a good idea, and it ended up the best part of my meal.  To be fair the portions were to be expected and I enjoyed the food that night.  As I really liked this place a lot at first, reflecting back I think I was just really hungry.  The burgers were good, but not spectacular and a bit overpriced as well.  I'll give this place credit for their shakes, but the burgers itself could be better.
5	Best burgers on the strip
4	The Shaft's Blue Cheese Burger ($13) was delicious. Granted, I switched blue cheese for cheddar, but I'm not a fan of blue. The meat was juicy and cooked medium rare so the inside was red. Balsamic caramelized onions added an amazing sweetness to the savory burger. It was seriously good. Fat fries were tasty and well seasoned. One order looks small ($5) but is enough for two people to split.
4	Great option for vegetarians with the falafel hummus burger. You can also get the falafel patty with any of the other burgers. Service was good as well and the fried fill pickles were unique and tasty.Definitely a fan.
3	We came to BLT Burger as a late lunch. I ordered the actual BLT, and in came in burger form, hence the name BLT Burger. The burger was a good size, and I felt pretty satisfied after eating it. As I ate, I looked around at other customers. They had ordered milkshakes that were humongous. The next time I come, (if there will be a next time) I definitely will order one.However, I don't know if it was just that day, but the service was really slow! I waited about twenty minutes for my burger, and it took about ten minutes for our waiter to come and take our order. And sadly, when my burger arrived, the meat was a bit cold. I expected it to be hot and savory.
4	Food was very solid. Not the best burger in Vegas but in the top 5. mildly expensive but, that is expected. I will go again.
1	This place was mediocre. I had the BLT burger and steak fries. It was decent at first bite, but it was all downhill from there. The burger and fries left a funny aftertaste and it tasted like they were cooked in the same pan or something. It was not good and it wasn't a good price. I would not go back.
3	Kind of pricey.Smaller portion sizes.Amazing shakes!I had the nut job. Mmm I love nutella!I'd go back for the shakes probably not the burgers...They do have happy hour food specials but again portions are so small!!
2	What a huge disappointment - from the bland, expensive burger to the un-pickle that accompanied it.For $12 (base burger price) plus $1 (cheese) plus $1.50 (bbq onions), I got a $14.50 letdown.  Save your dollars and go to Margaritaville for a wonderful cheeseburger in paradise (with a delicious pickle to boot) for a much better price.  It's right across the street.  Plus, you don't have to deal with the pretension.  Bonus.
5	Two words FRIED PICKLES!! I've had hooters fried pickles but these fried pickles were AMAZING!! I loved loved them!! My friend got the BLT burger and she said it was a pretty tasty burger!! Next time I come to vegas...I most def wanna come here to get some fried pickles!!
4	the gooooooods:- blt burger- lamb tandoori- deep-fried oreos- deep-fried pickles- milkshakes/spiked shakes (mocha mud, berry me, all nighter, nut job, etc.) - fries, fries, fries (skinny, fat, waffle, sweet potato and rings)- krispy kreme bread pudding
5	Great find ! yes its a bit pricey but its Vegas... and it was worth every penny. Everything is served ala carte. I came back two days in a row to have their Lamb Tandoori burger. Amazingly juicy, full of flavor served with mint-cilantro yogurt sauce. My friend had salmon burger and the fish was perfectly cooked and topped with zesty tartar sauce. The restaurant has a modern diner feel to it, i say even trendy. Always very busy, the drinks are good. I believe they open pretty late cause i went there at midnight the first time.
4	Great burger place, I had the classic. The food and the service were good. Check it out if you are in Vegas.
3	Two words: HAPPY HOUR. In Vegas, what's the cure for a long night of drinking and clubbing? Greasy delicious and cheap foods! I stayed at the Mirage where this place was located and after two nights in a row of clubbing and heavy drinking my friends and I stopped her both days to catch their half off happy hour foods. First off, the staff was friendly and really accommodating especially for some of my friends that couldn't handle their alcohol as well and got the 7 of us seated within a few minutes with waters already poured and placed around the table. For less $30 both nights we got a really large spread, one order of nachos, two boneless wings, two brisket sliders and one order of fries, all for under $30! And yes, enough to feed all 7 of us. Late night happy hour goes from 11pm to ~3am and there's other options such as fried pickles and popcorn shrimp, but I would have to say that the brisket sliders were really tender and filling and went really well as a cure alcohol in our systems. The fries were covered in this ranch/bbq mix sauce that could've tasted more amazing because most of us were inebriated, but I'm they simply were just that flavorful! The wings were alright, nothing too special as they were like hard chicken nuggets that were simply over bbq sauced. Overall a great place to stop by for a post clubbing snack, especially for the cheap prices! However, the only downside is that after we got our check and paid we were ignored; something I felt was a little unprofessional; my friends and I were buzzing still, but we weren't obnoxious to the point where you'd ignore our requests for water and even the possibility to order more food. So, sorry, but that explains why I had good things to say about the food, but service is also an important factor in the restaurant business that I feel they shouldn't have ignored especially in a place like Las Vegas.
2	BLT is a fancy diner with fancy prices, unfortunately the food didn't meet my expectations given the pricing. I had the Lamb Tandoori burger which, by the description sounded delicious. It was nice without being outstanding. And for  $12 burger you would think that fries would included....try an extra $6 for sweet potato fries. It was even an extra $1 to add cheese to your burger. There are better places out there.
3	I wanted to try one of their specialty burgers but it wasn't worth the price, so I went with the Classic burger combo deal for $20. We also ordered their spicy buffalo wings which was perfectly, lightly crisped. I felt a little silly at this fancy-burger place...let's not forget what an American-burger is. (It's fast food, I see right through you BLT Burger!) The service was a bit slow and the place was packed, there should be a bigger staff running around. Overall, I had a decent lunch and was stuffed!
3	Salmon burger? Yum. Falafel burger? Disappointed. A little on the dry side. Fries? Yum again. Moz sticks? Love them.
3	After spending an ungodly amount of time in the Cirque LOVE gift store, the boyfriend and I needed a quick bite to eat before heading back to our room and quickly chose BLT Burger when we saw they had a veg option, a Falafel burger! The only reaction I can really give to this place is... "meh." This is my personal reaction, as my boyfriend got something he enjoyed, an egg "mcmuffin" kind of sandwich with hash browns, but even this, and all the side dishes, were super pricey for such a laid back place. I guess they can get away with this because its in the Mirage and its Vegas, but nothing about this place ever really clicked for me. Service was poor, we had to flag down our server for everything and the place wasn't even slightly busy. Music was in-saaaaaaanely loud and I had to lurch over the table to have a conversation.The Falafel burger was massive, a little dry, but had a topping of veggies and hummus to make it a little tolerable. I  also ordered a side of sweet potato fries which were good but not worth 5 bucks. My favorite part was the BBQ sauce I asked for which we ended up swooping up in our take-home bag. I regret not trying a shake but we had just had some at In-N-Out earlier, and didn't want to over do it!
4	Yes I know this place is expensive I read the reviews prior to eating here. It cost around $56.00 for two classic hamburgers, two orders of fries and two specialty shakes.  But what the hell...it's Vegas!The shakes were AMAZING.  We got the Lunch Box and the Twinkie Boy!  The twinkie one was actually much better but both were good.  The hamburger was great...we also added avocado and cheese.  The waffle fries were great and the sweet potato fries were good...not the best I've had but decent.  The service was good and the restaurant itself was really cute.  I would come here again if not for anything else but the shakes!!!
3	Mocha Mudslide milkshake at 3am, nothing better!  Was the perfect touch to topping off our night and I am still thinking about how good the stupid shake was!!  Words can't describe how good it tasted after some hours of tooling around the town.  Was it really that amazing or were my senses amplified after having a few?! Hard to tell but I since this shake is still on my brain days later it must have been pretty solid!Sidebar note -- I was lenient to try this place after reading the reviews, so we decided on Burger Bar at the Mandalay Bay instead, but happened on this place 12+ hours later after a late night out on the town.  Husband got the burger and it was pretty solid!  Not as bad as some of the reviews were reporting. Recommend.  And get the milkshake.
4	The shakes are fantastic and the burgers are good.  But we had difficulty getting a glass of Chardonnay because, CAN YOU BELIEVE IT, they were out of Chardonnay.  The manager was not very pleasant on Thursday the 27th of January @ 2 in the afternoon.  I will take that rudeness up with management, but we did return 2 days later. Can you believe that had just gotten in some Chardonnay that morning....hey folks this is Vegas.  I am not talking a certain kind of Chardonnay but they were out of all Chardonnay!  Inexcusable.  Second trip back was great burgers, shakes, wine and no sign of the tall arrogant manager.
3	Great after-the-club burgers.  I can't remember much else.
4	BLT Burger - from Chef Laurent Tourondel - and in case you were wondering like me, BLT stands for (Bistro Laurent Tourondel) - part of the BLT collection of restaurants.  Delicious Las Vegas burger!Three types of fries (waffle, sweet potato, and hand cut), a wide variety of burgers, and a whole bunch of milkshakes.  I've eaten there twice.  My favorite is the black and blue burger (grilled onions, blue cheese).  Last time, I had their campfire milkshake which included toasted marshmallows - wow!  One of the best milkshakes I've ever tried.  They have a combo deal where you can get a burger, fries, and a milkshake for a discounted price - but note that it doesn't include any of their specialty shakes.  Price-wise, BLT is a bit higher than your average restaurant burger joint, but consider the fact you are in Vegas, dining can get rather expensive.  And the place is setup pretty cool with a bar and the kitchen in the middle, music, and a great place for watching people walk by.  But still, a very high quality burger and I'd highly recommend this place.
1	An absolutely embarrassing experience. This place looks cute from the outside and the menu seems kind of yummy from first glance, but the rude, kind of trashy looking hostess barely greeted us, rushed us to our table and slammed down our silverware. After waiting a few minutes with no water, we had to ask a busboy if our waiter was anywhere to be found. Again, less than mediocre service. Maybe if the food was decent it would have made up for it, but the veggie burger was terrible and the meal didn't even come with fries!! Nothing pisses me off more than a la carte at a burger place- at least include something on the side, but it was just a nasty thing on a bun on a white plate. Eww. The only good part was the shake, but its kind of hard to mess up chocolate whipped cream and Oreos. I wouldn't have my worst enemy come here. I expected better from this place.
4	I love this place. I've been here a few times when we have visitors and we're going to hit the town - hard! Greasy, hearty burgers and fries are a perfect pre O'sheas type meal. We most often sit at the bar and get apps and  drinks while we watch the chefs go to work. On the last vist we had nachos and waffle fries. Very tasty. The nachos were BBQ-y and delicious. Of course it's pricey - but it's Vegas, baby. It's in the perfect central location on the strip to stop in for a few cocktails before exploring the town.
3	Can I get fries with that shake? Yeah forget the fries and go right to the shake! Trust me! So yummy and huge. The shakes are big enough to share especially if you are trying to fit into a tight dress to go out in Vegas at night. But still do it! The burgers are good. They aren't spectacular they are good. They do have the choice of sweet potato fries which is always a good thing. The service wasn't anything to brag about. The servers seemed to be busy reading their own shirts. Overall the pricing was Vegasish nothing to expensive for my taste. If nothing else go get wasted and order a shake.
4	I had the falafel burger.  If you are on the Strip and a vegetarian, this is a very good option.  Highly recommend it.
4	Oo.m.g, I just had a burgasm.  One that not even the steep sticker price could extinguish.  First of all, to all complaining about price: This is Vegas, and this is a gourmet burger bar, get over it and enjoy your burger I say! McDonalds is right across the street, you can get your Big Mac meals there, but I don't see why the heck you would when you're in VEGAS! (And for those who are price conscious, they DO have menus posted on the outside of their restaurant here.....so by the time you walk in, you should already have some idea of what to expect price wise..... they give you plenty of heads up before you enter....)So we had returned from a show at the Aria and were looking for a place to eat.  After considering all our culinary options @ The Mirage, we ended up at BLT Burgers.   They had plenty of burgers on their list that looks delicious, I opted to try their Kobe beef burger and sweet potato fries, my husband had the Tex Mex burger with onion rings.Neither of us tried the milk shakes, as it was getting late and we didn't feel like filling up with milk shakes at that hour, however I did see some milkshakes "walking by" our table and oh man do those look delicious!  I'll have to return back for one of those some day.Anyway, my burger was fantastic!! I opted not to add anything to it, I figured that if I was going to taste a Kobe beef hamburger, I didn't want anything interfering with the taste of BEEF so I ate it with onion and tomato, plain as it comes, and it was a great decision on my part, the burger alone was so flavorful, it would've been a shame to spoil it by adding something to it.The sweet potato fries were delicious, they were lightly seasoned with chili powder (I think?) and were ohhh so good!My husband's Tex Mex burger was good also, their chili there is very smooth and flavorful and the onion rings were great... the kind you can actually bit into without the entire string of onion following.... that's always a plus! The service here was really good, the waiter we had was attentive and frequently refilled our drinks.  I'm close to giving this joint a 5 star review, but although such prices are to be expected when you dine out in Vegas, AND at a gourmet burger place, I'd still like to knock off a star for the steep pricing.  I'm also withholding 1 star due to the fact that they DO infact have a combo option, but it doesn't allow for you to choose any burger but the Classic one.   I've been to other gourmet burger bars where you are able to substitute the burgers in their combos, they just adjust the price accordingly.... so .... that is why I'm not giving 5 stars.That's it though, no minus for service or food, I highly recommend this one, just be prepared to pay somewhere between $12-17 per burger, an additional $5 or so for a side and then theres the drinks.Go, eat, have fun & be merry.  Chances are that if you're in Vegas to begin with, you're not here to save money so instead of dropping another $20 on a slot machine which yields nothing in return, bring it to BLT burgers instead and invest in a burger ;-)
1	I got the Tandoori Burger: good but way salty. In fact, everybody's burgers tasted like the cook dumped the whole salt container in the meat. The orders were all mixed up and I did not receive the sauce my fries said it comes with. Not worth the price. I'd give it Zero if I could.... went there tonight to pay with our Players Club Card. We informed the hostess of this as she was sitting us and she said "OKAY". We go to pay the bill and the machine for the players club was not working, so the waitress got the manager for us. He comes to our table, RUDEST MANAGEMENT EVER, hovers above us with both of his hands on the table, in our face and very rudely tells us that the hostess did not say that to us. I'm sorry but 3 people heard it and you mister rude manager was not there.I've been in this industry for 16 years; I would never talk to anybody the way he talked to us. He is def. not management material and they should think about getting rid of him. I will not return back, neither would any of my guests.
4	Came here for some lunch on a SaturdayPlace: pretty nice and clean. Casual. No complaintsFood: Split a burger since I didn't wanna get stuffed. It was pretty solid. Fries were really good. Prices: AverageOther: Good location since its right at the entrance of the Mirage. I'd come back here for more burgers.
4	The milkshakes push this place up by one star, in my book.  Recently, I had the mocha mudslide shake as part of a combo, along with a burger with cheddar cheese and fries.  Yes, the place is overpriced, but the service has been good and the burgers are top notch.
4	We were in Vegas for 4 days and easily went to over a 15 different places, but BLT was the only one that showed its mettle by serving Shiner Bock. I've been a fan of that delicious concoction for 7 years, but it's been that long since I've had it! One of my Vegas dreams came true when I took my first sip...As for the food...awesome! I had a chili cheeseburger that was perfectly cooked and while it could've used a tad more, the chili was very good. Trix had an original and she like that as well. Like others have said, the fries were excellent
5	Tandoori lamb burger was awesome! I had a short amount of time and asked if I could get served in and put in 30 min..... No problem! The tandoori lamb burger was the best burger I have ever had! Unique fresh taste and recommend cooked medium.
2	Spent 5 days in Vegas and this was the highest priced meal bill that I had.  That includes buffets at the Wynn and Studio B at the M Resort. We were looking for something without a long wait.  Seated quickly, nice service, But my goodness!  Way too expensive for a burger and fries!Food is all "a la carte".No, there are better choices out there.
4	my boss and i just walked in for lunch from the conference and decided to check this place out. my boss had the lamb burger and i had the salmon, and i have to say, the salmon was not overcooked. it was good, i really liked my burger and that it had watercress amongst other greens and not the usual lettuce. criss-cross fries were good too. the service was good and quick. we were able to be in and out within an hour, perfect timing for a lunch break. we did like the decor and the fancy walls, very casual and chic, but then again, it's vegas baby~!! overall, good place for lunch =).
4	!!!!!!!!!!BACON!!!!!!!! Good service and a delicious selection of beers, shakes and fried items. The fried pickles are the most delicious. The burger's my group had were all cooked perfectly and were delicious. I personally had a Kobe burger with bacon. It was the best burger I have ever had. The Kobe patty was delicious, juicy and unforgettable. The star of the show however was the bacon. It did not take over because to proportion was small enough, but DOUBLE SMOKED BACON and cheddar made the Kobe even better. Double smoked bacon is a delicious German treat that smokes for around 24 hours which is significantly more time than regular bacon (4 hours give or take). This bacon will blow your mind when added in the right amounts. I cant wait to have the same meal again every opportunity that I am given.
4	What do you come to Las Vegas for? The Stripper of course, though it'll cost you 12 one-dollar bills. But seriously this juicy burger (The Stripper) is perfect proportion-wise and cooked just right. Instead of buns (though tasty, I hear), you get a deconstructed burger served on a platter. You'll have to use your knife and fork. Messy, but well worth the trouble to get a good mouthful of onion, tomato, burger, avocado, and lettuce. MmmmThough the line's long to get in on a Saturday evening, the wait for food is typical ~15min.Other recommendations: sweet potato fries (enough to share) & milkshake (can get the combo) which is huge!Oh and remember to justify that this "stripper" expense was really just food.
5	Best burger I have eaten period.  I had the BLT Burger cooked mid rare and added bacon and a fried egg.  We couldn't resist adding dessert.  I had the Krispy Kreme bread budding and my wife ordered the fried Oreos.  What a glutenous delight.  We stopped by the next afternoon and ordered a couple of shakes to go.  I had the Twinkie boy and boy as it good.  I definitely would loosen my belt for another meal at the BLT Burger.
4	It's been three months since my Vegas trip, and I still think of the amazing burger I had a BLT Burger, so I'm going to wrap up this review I had saved from December:We ate a late lunch here during our stay. When we arrived, we waited maybe 5-10 minutes for a table. If there is a line, don't fret, because tables turn over quickly. My friend had a #1 combo (burger, waffle fries, and a soda for $18). The combos are a better value, but lately, I have been trying to only order enough to satiate my hunger, so I only ordered a lamb tandoori burger with fries. I thought my burger was outstanding--a perfect combination of ground lamb with Indian-inspired as well as traditional toppings. The fries were a miss--I've certainly had better and preferred my friend's waffle fries. I would probably forgo fries and order a milkshake or dessert on my next visit. Just one burger was enough for me and even thought I was tempted by the milkshakes and desserts, I was simply too stuffed to order anything else.As far as price goes, I felt it was the price point was fair. We have gourmet burger bars in DC where just a burger would set you back $12-18. This is on par with the competition. And did I mention I still think about this burger every time I log into Yelp and see my saved review from eons ago? That in itself is testament enough to make BLT Burger a value in my book.
4	I seldom make a trip to Vegas without a visit to BLT Burger.  The first reason is their hours.  They are open late!  The flights I get into Sin City often bring me in late and I don't get to the Strip until after 10pm.  BLT Burger has always been there, waiting for me to start  my night with a delicious burger before hitting the gaming floors.I always get the BLT Burger -- it's their classic burger with bacon and some sort of sauce that has a mayo base.  Adding cheese is like $2 (I think?) so I tend to skip that and use my $2 towards a drink.  They recently expanded their wine list and I was pleased to see quite a few additions that I enjoy.I'm also fond of sitting up at the bar because the "kitchen" is out in the open behind the bar, and I think it's fun to watch the kitchen-staff prepare the food.  Yum!  Can't wait to go back.
3	It's a nice place to sit and eat, especially if you're staying at the Mirage. I had a turkey burger which was full of flavor and pretty thick! Their fried pickles were okay, but a little on the salty side. They were battered instead of breaded which was kinda cool, but I kept dipping in the sauce to cut the salty taste. Their fries looked good but maaaybe left in the oil a little too long. HOWEVER, they do have spiked milkshakes, which you don't come across at every diner. And they were pretty good too.
5	I have been to BLT burger multiple times and every time it is amazing! the burgers are great and served anyway you want them i am a med rare man and the last few times i have been there it has been 100% on! the staff is friendly and able to seat you super quick. the quotes on the backs of their shirts are not only funny but keep you entertained when you waiting on your meal to come. and the shakes are the best around having the choice between spiked and not spiked shakes is nice treat. (try the Twinkie shake) the kitchen is open so you see the cooks and the grill so you know your food is cooked in a clean environment. all in all the experience is nice and they are open LATE like a great Vegas strip eatery should be!!!! thank you BLT and see you next time i am in Vegas
3	Decent place for a burger, definitely get high traffic  as its located in the middle of the Mirage. The wait here was only about 15 minutes or so during an early dinner rush. We were easily able to add an additional 3 to our initial 8 which was definitely a plus on the service and seating category. The decor is definitely cool to look at as well as the passing eye candy ;) Tried BBQ Nachos which were only ok...a little soggy and poorly constructed. The side salad was a bit sad, and finished with Bleu Shaffer Burger  (Balsamic caramelized onions, mushrooms, bleu cheese) + Bacon (No brainer of course) and sweet potato fries. The burger itself was only OK, it is served medium unless requested otherwise but lacked any lettuce or tomato which would have been nice. The bun was a bit mushy and the burger itself was like Fuddruckers but not as large or juicy. The fries were definitely were better, fluffy on the inside with a bold sweetness and crispy on the outside without being over greasy. The meal came with a pickle spear that was just awful. The pickled lacked any flavor of brine and was mushy and room temperature; seriously who wants a limp pickle! lol Anyhow, the downsides are that the food is relatively expensive for the amount of food your getting ($25 for burger, fries, tax, tip), and the waitress got our order wrong. But hey, its Vegas and busy, so things could have definitely been worse. I might stop by again next time I'm in Vegas, then again I might not...
4	The salmon and lamb tandoori burger were delicious.  The sweet potato fries were what you'd expect and the nutella shake was mmmmmm goood!  (But then how can you go wrong with nutella?).  The service was excellent here.  Our waitor pulled us out of line and said he could get us seats at the bar.  He was right on top of everything from recommenations to asking if we needed anything.  The price is probably a little high, but the taste does disappoint.  It's a vegas hotel and these days you should expect to pay a little more.
4	It's a pretty casual eatery place that is part sports bar where ppl can watch the march madness bball games. There was  about a 20 minute wait near lunch time to get into the joint. I had the Atlantic Salmon Burger. This is the first time that I've had a salmon  burger. Salmon can be bland tasting but the condiments that came with it complimented it finely. The burger held together well. The meat wasn't too flaky or mushy.It was pretty moist and the bun was toasted well. I liked the tartar sauce but didn't detect the spiciness that the cayenne in it should of carried out. Perhaps i just have a higher tolerance for spice. I got an order of sweet potato fries as well. They weren't the best ones i've ever had and are a thinner cut than how i usually like them ,but they were  still crispy and had good flavor. I can't go wrong with sweet potato fries.i just love them so much haha. Only regret I have is not having enough room to try one of their milkshakes. When I come back to Vegas i'll come back especially to try one out!haha P.S they give u a souvenir postcard to take home.
3	As much as I love dining at BLT Steak DC, I had to try BLT Burger in Vegas. A little disappointed. The meat and toppings were real tasty despite an average supermarket quality bun. The skinny fries were just average too.
2	i almost always love me some burger. but i do not love me some blt burger.came here on saturday to catch the end of the uconn/butler game. since the place is called blt burger, i decided to get their blt burger with swiss & a side of sweet potato fries--legit classic riight? the burger was so dry and over done for medium; there was only a small spackle of shredded lettuce and enough tomato for a few bites. the sweet potato fries were good, but i wish i got the fat fries (i usually hate fat fries, but these were seasoned up something delish). service was OK at best. not exactly friendly or attentive--i had to ask for water several times. and although the waiter's shirt was cleverly adorned with, "tip waiters, not cows," he merited nothing beyond the 20%. after reading everyone's reviews, i wish i had just gone with the fries and a milkshake. next time, blt burger, next time.
3	Came here on a Monday night for dinner. Prices seemed reasonable compared to the shi-shi restaurants around it. I ordered a cider and a falafel burger.  It was a little dry but overall it was good. Sucks that a $12 burger doesn't come with fries.  My friend got the buffalo chicken burger and a beer. Overall it was good.  Looked over at the other table with sweet potato fries, onion rings and shoe string fries. Couldn't really justify paying an extra five bucks for something that  normally comes with a burger.
4	Spiked milkshakes = amazing!  Burgers are great too, and the sweet potato fries, but for me it's all about the shakes! Yum!!
5	Seriously one of the best burgers I've ever had... and it was LAMB! Their lamb tandoori burger is simply incredible! The service was great, the ambiance was great and the food was great! She had the falafel burger and we shared a fries... she "loved" her food too. Well, they forgot the cheese on her burger, but the food made up for it.
3	Since we were staying at the Mirage, before going out, my girlfriends and I got a quick bite from BLT. My friends got the Kobe Slider trio and those were soo adorable and smelled really good. Now I didn't try a burger (I don't eat meat) but I did try Waffle Bites. I loved those; lots of seasoning, melted cheese and sour cream and jalapeno (it came with bacon which I just picked off). All the ingredients complemented each other really well and I couldn't stop eating them... all seven or eight of them.... Yes, seven standard sized waffle fries for like $7. EH. I was kind of expecting to get a plate full of them LOL When they brought it out, I was like "womp womp womp waaah!" If I had known thats what the order was, I would've just ran across the street to Denny's and gotten double that for the price. I must say that even though there weren't that many fries, each one was ridiculously good.Thumbs up for taste and service but thumbs down for the portions they serve.FYI: The floor is slippery (it looked like sealed cork) so be careful, especially if you're an idiot on heels like I am; I was surprised I didn't fall HAHAHA
4	Three simple words:  American Kobe burgers.It's on the Las Vegas strip, so of course it isn't inexpensive - but it is a damn fine burger.I can't say I was impressed by the sweet potato fries, though.  The frozen ones I buy at Target are better.
1	This place isn't even worth 1 star.  Went here because it was the only option right before I saw the Beatles Love show. I would have been more satisfied at McDonald's!! This prices here are OUTRAGEOUS! The food was bland and unsatisfying. Not worth the $50 I spent.
4	Another reason to stay at the Mirage.  After winning at the craps tables, head to BLT for the trio of Kobe sliders.  Simply the move.  If you can handle a chocolate shake (I could only handle a sip) with that you will be in a food induced coma, which will keep you from giving back your winnings.  Onion rings were just okay as they were cut too thin and could not stand up to the batter.  Overall a great Vegas Strip choice.  Just go for it!
1	Not impressed.  There are so many great burger places in Vegas, this unfortunately is not one of them.  We sat at our table for 10-15 minutes before being acknowledeged.  The menu is basically a la carte and completley overpriced even for Vegas standards. If you want a plain burger, fries, and a drink its almost 20 bucks.  The food took forever despite the restaurant only being half full and about 8-10 guys working in the exposed kitchen.  Told our server if she could put a rush in the order that would be great considering we had to catch a show and we had already waited insanely long, she gave me attitude and said everything is made to order so theres nothing she can do, rather than just saying "ok sir" to shut me up, which I would have preferred.  She then said she was leaving cause her shift was over and someone else would take care of us (no problem).  He checked on us once, and gave us the bill.  There are a lot better options for a place to eat and I suggest finding one of them (unfortunately mirage really does not have that great of options).
5	Great veggie falafel burger and good service. Highly recommend for lunch or casual dinner for vegans and carnivores alike!
3	my trip to vegas was a slew of different burgers. came here after having visited i love burgers at the palazzo. blt burger is alright in my book. the menu seemed to have some appealing options, but none i could decide on. i debated between the lamb burger and falafel burger. the lamb burger came with olives and cucumbers, and not being a fan of either, decided i should just go for the falafel. not to mention our waitress was pretty unhelpful at making suggestions. when both me and my friend asked her for her recommendation she would just say, "it just depends on what you like!" well, of course it does, i guess, but we're asking for at least a half-assed fake, "most people order this" at the very least. meh. the falafel burger, sure enough came with a very large falafel patty which i couldn't finish at all. it is HELLA falafel, is all i'm saying. it's a good falafel, but LOTS of falafel. almost an overdose of falafel. i enjoyed it, but wished the patty might have been thinner or something... hm. perhaps that's just me.also ordered the sweet potato fries, which were as good as any sweet potato fries in my book. if i were to go back in time i might want to try the waffle fries, just because i haven't had waffle fries in a long time. blt burger was fine. i don't think it's a must-have in vegas, but if in a crunch or if in the mirage then it's also not a bad option.
4	I love a good hearty burger - thick and meaty and flavorful is all I ask.  To experience the true taste of the beef, I put next to nothing on it.  Just a small amount of mustard and some onions.  And if all goes well - I'm satisfied.  Well, BLT fits that bill splendidly!  I visited BLT in February of this year.  There are plenty of specialty burger joints all over Vegas and my choices were down to Strip Burger and BLT.  BLT won out.I'd heard and read great reviews about BLT Burger. I took a seat at the bar.  Brendan was my attendant.  I like the atmosphere at BLT and the visible cooking area at the bar.  I ordered the Classic Combo (classic burger, sweet potato fries and a beer).  They didn't have Red Stripe, but Brendan suggested Sin City Amber Ale.  He gave me a taste in a shot glass and I did choose it for my beer.  It was smooth and cold.  I sat, ate and watched some of the rerun of the NBA All Star game.  It was a great meal.
4	Burger were very solid. Not the best burger I've ever had but it was probably in the top 10. The service was spot on, location was good, and milkshakes are FREAKING RIDICULOUS! Do not leave without getting a milkshake....trust me.
4	WOW. My friend and i arrived in Vegas during lunchtime. We checked into our hotel and was hungry having skipped breakfast. Friend: What should we eat?Me: I don't know, what does Yelp say?Friend: There's a burger place, BLT BurgerMe: How many stars? How many reviews?Friend: Tons compared to othersMe: Let's go.The first thing we did was hop on yelp, stumbled upon BLT Burger. There was a line outside the restaurant but it moved pretty quickly. We were seated within 10-15mins. It was pretty busy but the wait wasn't too long considering the restaurant was packed. I ordered the tandoori lamb burger and sweet potatoe fries. It was sooo good. My friend ordered the classic burger, onion rings and an oreo shake. She loved hers as well. At first I thought the prices were crazy expensive because our bill came out to about $55 but it's Vegas! I'm sure every where else is probably about the same but with half decent burgers. We left very satisfied and in hunt for a watered down margarita in a yardstick.
5	Awesome spiked milkshakes, great burgers, great staff.... Vegas in April this was an awesome lunch.
5	I thought this place was awesome. I'd go there even if I wasn't staying at the Mirage. One of the best burgers I've had in a long time and the food is cheap and you can't seem to go wrong with anything on the menu. They have a decent drink selection and it's a convenient location right by the entrance in the Mirage. Highly recommended for something casual, stomach filling ,and fast.
4	I really liked this place. It's well designed but not too fancy, it's pretty casual and not crazy loud. Service was decent and the price wasn't too bad. Went for dinner with some friends so we all shared and tasted several items. The BBQ brisket & the jalapeno poppers were the highlight of the meal. I heard rumor that the lamb burger is really good, but it was devoured before i could try it... Also and for some reason unbeknownst to me this place had some magical PBR, none of my table knew why but this was the best tasting $4 beer we'd ever had.
4	I loved this place!!!!!  We came here twice in our five day stay in Las Vegas--once for lunch and once just for dessert because it was that delicious.The first time we came, I had the classic cheeseburger, and my friend had the BLT burger.  Both of them were amazing.  The meat was so tender and juicy, and you could really tell it was high quality beef.  She had onion rings that were awesome, but the real star of the meal was my waffle fries.  They were so crispy, and they held onto the ketchup nicely, which is very important to me :)  Also, they had a delicious crunch when you bit into them, but the insides were really fluffy.  Soooo delicious!!  On this particular trip, our waiter was awesome and attentive and had great suggestions.The second trip we made was at about 10pm because we were craving something sweet for dessert.  Our waiter was NOT GOOD.  He was surly, sullen, didn't introduce himself (I still don't know his name) and was clearly not happy to be there.  He seemed put off if we asked for things like spoons for our ice cream.  Horrible waiter.But anyway, we ordered a peanut butter chocolate milkshake and the Krispy Kreme bread pudding.  Both were amazing, but my favorite was the milkshake!  It was delicious, and with the giant straw, I was able to drink it lickity split! :)So my overall impression with this restaurant is a positive one, and if you are going to get anything, be sure to order it with the waffle fries :)
4	It's apparent I don't get out enough. When I'm feeling like a burger, my first thought is always Stripburger just because I love sitting outside, giant beer next to me, and cheese fries... oh the cheese fries... it's never really been about the burger.But boy, this place was delicious! We found ourselves deep in the heart of the strip, late at night, with perhaps one too many beers in our belly. and hungry.Their selection of crafted, meal-on-a-bun creations was vast, but one stood out above the rest... lamb tandoori burger?! gotta have it.  Colorado Lamb Burger, Mint-Cilantro Yogurt Sauce, Cucumber, Olives, Red Onion, Tomato. SO GOOD.  But even still, I feel like I need to try their Veggie Falafel, Salmon, and Tex-Mex. We'll be back...The sweet potato fries were very good, but not excellent - but I've eaten a lot of SPF's in my time and these definitely count as 'very good.'  We made friends with a neighbor who gave us a few onion rings --- gotta love the Vidalias --- also a very good onion ring. Light and crispy, not too greasy.We were just drinking water at this point, but they had a nice selection of draft beers - love me some Sin City Amber!  I hadn't checked out yelp before, but after reading all the great reviews for the milkshakes, I'll definitely have to try one next time!I might have to start making it more about the burger more often...
1	One of the worst experiences in Vegas restaurants.....   =(The food tasted fine.... but if the burgers were going to cost me $15-$20, I expect excellent service. This is one burger joint I will never go back.The Mirage hotel needs to do something about this place since the restaurant is in their hotel property and giving them a lousy name.P.S. I had to answer "No" to the additional tips section question about Waiter service on Yelp, since they had waiters but there was no service!
3	It's my own fault, I suppose. I should have ordered something besides the Classic Combo with a Black and White milkshake. For $20, I definitely wasn't expecting  a scrawny little burger, and a sprinkling of fries. The milkshake and the phenomenal service were the saving graces. So, if you want a standard burger, I suggest In-N-Out. Seriously.
4	While visiting Sin City for a work event, BLT burger was the first place I saw, and just decided to go with it.  I got the Asian Chicken salad, and it was not only awesome, but somewhat healthy- almost unheard of on the strip!  Prices were actually ok, but certainly not as bad as other places.
4	I was staying at the Mirage on business and found this spot inside the hotel. We came a little past the usual lunch time hour and there was still a line. Needless to say, we got in pretty quick and were served right away. The wait time was usual, about 10-13 minutes after ordering. The servers were really nice and for the place being pretty busy at the time, they seemed to be attentive to each table's needs.As for the food. It was pretty good. I had the Shaft's Blue burger and it was very good. Although, no beer this time, since I was charging the meal to the room (which was a convenience, I should add. But which Vegas hotels DON'T do that). I'd definitely hit this spot up again if I was staying at the Mirage. Not a first choice if I was staying elsewhere, but if you're staying at the Mirage and don't feel like walking the strip for a place to eat, definitely check this place out.
2	$30 for a burger and milkshake (tax and tip included). My burger came out cooked incorrectly, which is sucks considering how much my burger cost, but mistakes happen and I'm not holding that against them. The food was just bland even with an egg and bacon.
4	Oh my goodness!  These burgers and shakes will greet you at the pearly gates.
4	After two visits (one with bachelor party, one with family), I have to say I am a fan of this place.Variety of burgers all made to order, which in my experience have come out perfectly cooked.Shakes which are spiked with alcohol, each one with it's own distinctive flavor and just the right amount of alcohol that you can barely tell it's there, but enough to have me slightly tipsy at the end of a full shake (I'm a lightweight drinker btw).While the price is far from cheap, you're talking about a restaurant directly on the strip, and you've come to expect to pay a price for having a location like that.  Verdict:  If you're looking for a burger/shake place on the strip and have $30 to spend on it, this is an excellent choice.  If you're looking for cheaper (say In-and-Out), you better have a mode of transportation (car or cab) and be willing to shell out to get there... which may end up getting close to same cost anyway if you're traveling alone.  All in all, excellent choices and variety, well prepared burgers and shakes, and worth a visit if you've got the craving!
4	I loved the Blue Burger and onion rings.. I think this may have been the best burger ever! I also tried the buffalo chicken sandwich and the sweet potato fries.. ehhhh... I will pass on those next time. Our server was very nice. The place was pretty busy so it did take a long time to receive our food, drink refills and our check..I would eat here again just for the burger and I would love to try the spiked shakes!
3	Be aware, I was pretty drunk and stumbled in here for a cupcake after trying to see what the hell I could eat. So my memory might have been altered a little.I do remember getting a cupcake, actually it was two for one. I am not sure why the server gave us two but no complaints here! I split the S'more cupcake with my girlfriend which was made of peanut butter frosting, toasted marshmallow and fudge. It was nicely decorated and yummy but didn't make me all that thrilled about it. I've had better. Maybe it's because my taste buds were filled prior with beer, slushi margarita, and hard liquor? From now on I will NOT be drinking beer then eat a cupcake. So as I said, don't take my review for granted. If I decide to go back here, I will not be (as) drunk.
4	$18.00 for a kobe beef burger with Monterey jack cheese. 5.00 for french fries. 6.00 for a milk shake. 5.00 for a coors light. man this is one expensive meal when you add it up. burger was good and flavorful..but ive had better for alot cheaper. same goes for the fries and milkshake. i wont be coming back to this place. it wasnt a good value for my buck!
4	Came here twice when i was staying at the mirage hotel. First time i ordered the american wagyu burger. Got it cooked medium and came out perfect with a slice of monterey jack cheese and a side of waffle fries.Second time before I left to come home was the kobe sliders, ordered those medium as well and came out perfect. They each had different flavors to them. One was blue cheese, one had sauteed onions and last one had smokey bacon which was my favorite.
2	Oh BLT Burger, I was SO excited for you. Too bad you broke my beef-loving heart. My girls and I stopped in here for dinner before a long night of Vegas partying. We needed a good meal to prep our tummies for the massive amounts of alcohol that were sure to follow. I ordered the trio of sliders, and asked for them to be cooked medium. The sliders included a bleu cheese burger, a bbq onion burger and a BLT burger. They all sounded AMAZING. I was starving and looking SO forward to them. My other friends also ordered burgers. The meal came and they looked phenomenal, but I quickly realized that my burgers were beyond well done - NOT medium like I asked for. If all you cook is burgers, you'd think you'd get the difference between juicy and pink in the middle and completely charred beyond taste. What a disappointment! I think they would have been delicious if they had not been so well done. The extra ingredients on each and the buns were super delicious, as were the sweet potato fries and skinny fries we ordered, but I wanted yummy beef!My friends loved their burgers, and like I said - the sides were amazing... so I'm not going to completely write off this place. Just wasn't my night at BLT Burger I guess!
3	Burgers were decent but it took forever for our food to arrive and then came to find that half of the parties food was cold. We sent it back and it took 20 more minutes for the food to come back. The waiter was awful. He didn't really check on us and when he came to fill all our empty glasses of water, only filled 3 of the 8 of us and walked away.
4	Vegas casinos boast some good mid-range burger joints, BLT Burger, Le Burger Brassiere (at Paris hotel), and of course the Burger Bar at Mandalay.   I wish I could differentiate between the three, but they are all quality eats IMO and worth checking out.BLT Burger is located w/in Mirage next to a busy walkway and often doesn't have big lines or a wait due to the neighboring food joints.   All I've ever had here is the #2.  Forget the name, but its the blue cheese and caramelized onion burger... with of course bacon added.   Always cooked to perfection.   Dripping in juice of course.What's keeping this from a 5-star place is that I've never been thrilled with the fries or onion rings.   I also wish there were sweet potato fries (ala Burger Bar) but all in all, minor complaints here.  Service is attentive and good.  Central location.   Reasonably priced of course.   Worth checking out especially if you're in the neighborhood.
4	We stayed at the Mirage for the weekend.  Just wanted some quick cheaper food, but they don't have a fast food court.  So we just decided on BLT since it was a simpler cuisine.  My group didn't want to spend so much, and was just going to order some appetizers but hey were in Vegas, went with the Lamb Tandoori burger w/ waffle fries.  Burger is $13 fries are $5.  Jesus christ was that burger juicy.  I would say this was the best burger I have ever had, or forsure top 3 burgers.  The prices were a little high for some basic burgers, but the portions are just perfect.
4	OMG one of the best burgers and milk shakes I've ever had.The order:BLT Burger - 7oz . Grilled Certified Angus Beef, Double Smoked Bacon, Lettuce & Tomato.  And a big helping of Skinny Fries (yummy)!Milkshake (Nut Job) - Vanilla Ice Cream, Nutella, Slivered Almonds: The shake was so thick I had to let it sit for a few minutes.  It's a pretty good size so I split half with my friend.
4	I ate at this restaurant when they first opened and thought the food was great.  Creative menu choices and delicious shakes.  Great dining option for both locals and of course strip tourists.
3	Good....not great. Overall OK food but rather average for the price. Buffalo chicken burger was good, but not $12 good when it doesn't come with anything on the side. Also, my chicken burger was skimpy on the toppings. Sweet potato fries on the other hand were quite delish! They were enough to share between two people. I didn't get a chance to try the milkshakes but they looked amazing. The service was slow. The place crowded consistently. I'd come back but would probably be inclined to try something different.
5	The burger was delicious and the veggie options were good too.The waiter didn't miss a beat.
4	Think Big Juicy Certified Angus Burgers and decadent milkshakes. When it comes to a good quality burger, you just don't want to be let down. BLT offers quality ingredients, a good variety of burger options, taters and of course, what american meal would be complete without a milkshake?!?This isn't my first visit to BLT and each time I come, I try something different. But all in all, the Shaft's Blue has been my favorite. With carmelized onions and chunks of bleu cheese, this is nothing short of delightful. As for the milkshakes, since you ARE in Vegas, you might as well go for a spiked milkshake. The All Nighter is delicious. Solid place to satisfy your burger craving. \m/
4	Yummmmmmmmm!!!  Don't look at the prices - It's a restaurant on the strip.  Expect to drop some cash (duh, you're in Vegas).They have crispy waffle fries!!  The best!Full bar A+Milkshake bar!!!  Awesome if that's your thing.  My dad said his fruity milkshake was delicious and finished it in probably 4 seconds.My dad kept talking about his burger and how good it was.  I got the special chicken sandwich with avocados, bacon, and special sauce.  It was so good.  The bun was toasted perfectly on the inside and soft on the outside.  It was almost as gourmet as burgers and sandwiches can be.
3	The food was 3.5 stars and the service was more like 2.5 so averaging to a 3 star experience.My wife had heard great things about BLT and so we decided to check it out for lunch.  We had a decent breakfast so we didn't want to over do it so we just got appetizers and milkshakes.  I got the kids meal chicken fingers (because they do not offer chicken fingers in the appetizers section of the menu) and I also got a small orange creamsicle shake (for $3 as part of the kids menu)  My wife got the waffle nachos however the waiter brought out fried pickles in stead.  So he left the fried prickles for us and brought out the nachos.  The fried pickles were really good but it was a small basket for like $9 (I would have been upset of I actually ordered it and saw how small of a portion  you get).  The waffle nachos were really good.  It was a waffle fry with melted cheese, sour cream, bacon and green onion.  It was just like a loaded potato skin but with a waffle fry.  My chicken fingers were not great and it was not bad either.  My wife got the campfire milk shake and that was pretty good.  I don't know I would order it again but it was pretty tasty.Over ok experience however service was slow.
4	Checked out this place because my Wife and I were beat from walking around all day long!  The prices were high, however reasonable for the area and if you go for the 'burger-fries-shake' deal it's like getting a shake for $4 so it's cool.  I got a burger, just a plain burger with cheddar and it was really good, nothing amazing but it was really good and the fries were also good, nothing crazy though.BUTGo for the shakes.  Skip the meal, just stop for a shake.  We got the mocha mudslide shake and it was great.  The shake comes out in a nice glass, well presented with a thick straw probably like a half inch in diameter which makes the whole experience more enjoyable.  This shake was topped with chocolate whipped topping that looked and tasted like it was homemade.Check this place out for the beer as well, they had lambics, Stone IPA, some Chimay among other craft selections.  The beer was pricey though at around $7 per pint.. great selection though
4	Almost great service!  Burgers are perfectly done and cooked your way.  Kobe beef=awesomeness!  Bartenders always great in helping you pair it up with the right beer.  Always crowded...so get in early or sit at the bar.  You can thank the hostess for not making this a 5 star.....this is a restaurant not a club. :)
5	I always look forward to going to Vegas and having some delicious blt burger. The atmosphere is great and the food is delicious. My favorite thing to order is the tex mex burger with fat fries and a milk shake. They do tend to get busy and so you might have to wait a while to be seated and get your food. But overall this is my favorite place to go when I am in Vegas.
4	When in Vegas, I often stay at the Mirage.  I've been to BLT Burger about 4 times.  Tasty burger, though a bit expensive (not surprising given its location). The onion rings and waffle fries are solid.  I will say, however, that the milkshakes are to die for.  Seriously, they are evil.  To the point where I am like, "I need a BLT shake as soon as I land in Vegas" evil.  Luckily, I only make it to Vegas once or twice a year, so it's a manageable addiction thus far.
4	After The Beatles LOVE show, we wanted a quick something, and didn't want to walk like 10 miles away, through the casino. Which is when we came upon BLT Burgers - your basic burgers, fries, shakes and beers joint. And it was right there. We ordered the BLT (double smoked bacon, lettuce and tomato), the Shaft's Blue (Shaft's blue vein cheese, balsamic caramelized onions, and mushrooms), some fries and a couple draft beers. The food was excellent. Love, love, love.Of course, when we were done, and we had BLT Burger all over the place, the nearest washroom was like 10 miles away, through the casino.
4	Get the berry milkshake!!  It is yummy. We just sat at the bar and shared one before seeing Beatles Love. Had a friend tell us that the Burnt Marshmallow Shake was really legit too!Just be ready to run off all those calories the next morning!!
3	Took the kids to the Mirage to see the White Tigers and stopped for lunch. Food was pricey ( well it is on the Strip) but wasn't fantastic.I had a Peach schnapps Shake and that was A-OK but everything else was just so so.
5	This place is downright delicious - one of the best in Vegas! I don't understand anything below a four. I'm still bumming out that I didn't try a spiked milkshake, but that one's on me. Expect a long line, it's an upscale burger joint in the Mirage. The line during dinner hours is about 45 mins - 1 hour. There is friendly service here and our drinks were brought quickly after we were seated. I went with the salmon burger, probably the best I've ever had. Fish burgers can dry out quickly, but his one was cooked to perfection. The toppings were also great. The red meat eaters in the group were also very please, and we also had a great order of fries. Yum!This place rocks! Gotta go back for that spiked milkshakes.
4	They definitely make some good burgers here. My sister had the Tex-Mex which was pretty good and Mexican tasting.I had the Buffalo Chicken which was perfectly spicy and also featured bleu cheese. I liked it. They have good salads too, apparently. My dad had their Chinese chicken salad, which I tasted and liked.
4	Feed a hangover or starve for the pool? Dilemma dilemma. And the Hangover wins.....It was our second day in Vegas and lets say it was a good first night. We were determined to make it to the pool especially since we had already paid for our reserve lounges at the pool at the Mirage. Per recommendation from a pedicurist at the spa in the Aria, we decided to give BLT Burger a try and it was well worth it.Drinks: Some of us went for the Bloody Mary. I had a sip of it and it was not good. I don't want to say awful but it was pretty close. I like a spicy bloody mary but I nearly choked on it bc it had a strong kick to it and wasn't a building heat. The tomato juice tasted to sour for my taste. I was not impress. Appetizer: We got a plate of fried pickles. They were great. Fried in a light almost tempura like batter. Burgers: I had the Shaft's blue burger. The bun was light and soft but strong enough to hold a juicy burger. The patty was just the right amount of fat and lean meat that gave it great favors and kept it juicy but not greasy. Beware this is a strong blue cheese. Only get if you are an avid lover of all cheese blue. Fries: We choose the fat fries. It was crispy and seasoned well on the outside and very fluffy on the inside. Service was great and fast. I would totally recommend this place if you are looking for a quick place to grab a bite and are at the mirage.
4	I came here twice during my Las Vegas vacation because it was a short tram ride from my hotel room. Both times, it was delicious. I had a really good Bloody Mary, and the lamb burger was delicious. The service was good, and the food really helped my permanent hangover. We were unimpressed with most of the food in vegas....and this was an exception. One thing Vegas can do is a hamburger and a steak. I had would come back here next year when we visit.
4	since i was staying at the Mirage, my boyfriend and i decided to come here for dinner since we were too lazy to drive/walk anywhere else.  i got the shaft's blue burger but instead of blue cheese (ew i hate it), i got a different cheese instead and it was perfect! super juicy burger and i really liked the buns since they didn't get all soggy or anything.  we also got the black and white milkshake and wow it was good! this place can be a bit pricey though (our check was almost $50 and that's with 2 burgers/a side of fries/milkshake). and you have to pay extra for the sides unless you get their combo.  but i do recommend this place if you're craving a burger. oh and if you're a party of 2, try to get a booth cause the separate tables are damn close to each other that you're in arms reach from the table next to you. kinda awkward...
2	This place was cool, but I would like to give them another try.  I had the salmon burger which was good, but I think they get more credit for their beef burgers.  My daughter had the Kobe Slider Trio which she said was delicious.  You get three sliders:  BLT, BBQ Onion and Blue Cheese.  They looked great... but sadly I didn't try them.  Environment was nice, but our waitress could use more training.  You don't start taking an order and suddenly excuse yourself because your other customers are ready to pay their tab.  You ask them to wait until you are done taking our order! So they get two stars from me for their service.
2	We meet some out of town friends at BLT Burger today for lunch, and to fix some of their hangovers.  We were sat quickly, even with a party of 7.  Then..... we sat, and waited for our server for at least 10 minutes; (and not a I'm impatient 10 min, a real 10 min)  Finally, a very impersonal  serer came over to pour us some water.  No hello, no name, no welcome.  As someone who manages restaurants and trains servers and has been one, our server was super disappointing.  The entire meal she could have cared less about us.  Most of the order was right when it came, just a few fry miss orders, which the food runner fixed immediately.  On to the food.  My "classic" burger was cooked MW as I ordered.  The bun was soft and the produce fresh.  I added Oregon Cheddar and CRISPY bacon which I got (yeah, I hate soggy bacon)  They defiantly skimped on the cheese though.  The patty its self had no flavor or seasoning, at least it wasn't over cooked.  I ordered the waffle fries (which I had to ask for when my burger came).  The fries were good, not super hot but seasoned well  Everyone at the table ate all their food but had no RAVE reviews.  My BF got a black and white shake, which is a mix of vanilla and chocolate, it was good, a little too chocolate but the whipped cream on to was amazing!!  All of our sodas were flat when they came to the table, so we informed our server.  She brought more flat soda, so we stuck with water.  She still charged us for the sodas even though we informed her twice and no one drank them.Over all I wouldn't bring others there with so many other great burger places in town.  Mostly because of service, by the look of it non of the servers had that "VEGAS" needed customer service.
2	This meal was so bad I was actually angry during it, and it makes me even madder that I have to give it a proper review and waste space on my website. I didn't get a decent picture of the burger, but it doesn't matter. The feature burger restaurant for the MGM Mirage has only a couple pre-designed burgers on their menu, otherwise they leave it to the diner to create their own, which is a bit uninspired. This is a gripe you will start seeing more and more from me. If you are some famous chef and you're tying your name to the feature burger joint of the 'INSERT CASINO NAME' you should take the time to design a few creative burgers. This is what you do.The meat was completely lacking flavor, not cooked to order, and just not what it should be.  The first thing that pisses me off about a burger is if you can't serve it medium-rare when I order it that way. You're a burger joint, if you can't handle that then you might as well give up now. The bun wasn't great, very dry and typical. The toppings weren't good either, 3 for 3 so far! The fries had a foul taste to them, like the oil they were cooked in was a few days too old. $50 for two people at this low of a quality led this to be one of the worst I've had yet.
4	Went here for dinner-the only veggie option is a falafel burger, which is meh. They make up for this with alcoholic milkshakes-and it's not just a little bit of booze in them-it's a booze-fused beverage with a hint of milk and ice cream.
4	Just had dinner here and the food was good as always. The brisket nachos are a great appetizer. Had the Shaft's Blue burger, great combo with the blue cheese and caramelized onions. Come before 9 to beat the rush.
4	delicious customizable burgers, decent patties and good sweet potato fries. Friendly staff and waiters, MINUS THE SNOOTY RECEPTIONIST.
5	The most amazing campfire milkshake ever!  I would stay in this hotel just to be close to this restaurant.  In fact I think I will move to Vegas just for this shake.  Viva Las Vegas baby!!!!
5	The milkshakes are the BEST I've ever had! They are a meal by themselves! The burgers and fries are delicious too!I HIGHLY recommend that everyone stop by this place and have a burger/fries and a HUGE shake! I will stop there on ever Vegas trip!!
5	One of the beat burgers I've ever had. Milkshake was, without a doubt, the best.
1	All I ordered was onion rings.  What I got was barely heated frozen cardboard.  I asked for the check - waiter did not ask what was wrong, disappeared.  Paid check with cash, walked out.
5	Stumbled in here late Sat night for the sliders with the guys and even in my drunkenness the taste of the Kobe goodness shined through. Glad to be back BLT Burger!
3	I've tried this place before and remembered enjoying it, although it was quite a long time ago and under different circumstances...I tried "the stripper" burger, which was a burger with red peppers, onions, avocado, and did not contain a bun ($12).  Want a bun? add 1.50 please.My friend tried the wagyu burger, which he said he could taste a slight difference in the quality of the meat, but his overall conclusion was that he had just paid $17 for a hamburger.The waitress that we had took people's orders, asked if they wanted bacon or whatever addons, but be careful, since these add-ons each run about $1.50 (I believe they have fried eggs, bacon, avocado, etc. available) on top of the $12-$17 dollar burger that you're purchasing.Their milkshakes are pretty good and run about $7 each, and their spiked milkshakes run about $12.Garlic Fries: $6.50 and although the portions seem a bit small, it is easily enough for two people to split. Tried the smore cupcake and was thoroughly underwhelmed. $5 for a cupcake that tasted like it came straight from a package at the grocery store? no thanks.Overall, the food was decent but I wouldn't say it justified the prices. Maybe this is "just how food is" in vegas, but there are plenty of other alternatives around!
5	AWESOME burgers. I got the BLT Burger with blue cheese and it was fantastic. Onion rings and jalapeno poppers were also really really good. One of the better burgers I've eaten.
2	I've been twice now and have been let down both times. The burgers are not juicy (you can watch the cooks press down the burgers on the grill) and I don't think they could pull off medium rare to save their lives, both times ended up with medium wellWill NOT give a 3rd chance
5	My wife and I wanted to have a late lunch after getting into LAS, somewhere with good food and a nice atmosphere. We originally went to BB Kings as the menu looked pretty good, but atmosphere and service were lame. Sooooo we made our way through Mirage to BLT and were pleasantly surprised. Atmosphere was pretty cool, open kitchen, open front looking out to casino. We ordered a few appetizers and they were all awesome! The brisket BBQ nachos were excellent as well as the grilled hot wings. The beer selection was extensive, I had a couple Stone IPA's. Food quality and service were top notch, definitely a good spot for a quick bite.
3	Good burgers. Lots of different shakes and burgers. Burped it all though.
4	Yelp 365 Challenge: 47/365 If I could have it my way, everyday in Vegas would be champagne dreams and caviar wishes. Sadly, the harsh reality of being a baller on a budget eventually sets in and my appetite conforms to my wallet. After a rough time in the casino, there's nothing like a stiff adult beverage and classic comfort food to recharge your gambling spirit. BLT Burger is the perfect spot for weary travelers looking to flee the wrath of lady luck. BLT Burger is the brain child of acclaimed Chef Laurent Tourondel. If you break it down like a cocktail recipe, it would be: 1 Part Classic American burger joint 2 Parts Celebrity chef inspiration 3 Parts Las Vegas swag Obviously, the ambiance is overdone in the Vegas way. Imagine a diner that bred with a swanky sports bar, and their offspring was raised by a pack of wolves from Vegas. The vibe is casual, the music is loud, and the place is packed. Seating consists of booth, table, and bar seating. Every time I've gone, there has been a line. But don't worry, it moves along real fast. The food is great. Basically, every burger option has been upgraded and is offered in an appropriate size and price point. Here's the link to their menu directly off of their website: http://www.e2hospitality.com/wp-content/themes/blt-burger/menus/las-vegas/eatin-vegas.pdf I personally have had the pleasure of being a fatty and enjoyed the following (asterisks denote items I REALLY enjoyed): - Sweet Potato Fries* - Waffle Fries - Fried Pickles* - American Wagyu* - Lamb Tandoori*** The lamb tandoori is divine. Order it medium rare to rare and you are in lamb heaven! It's all the flavors of your favorite Mediterranean inspired dish, served as an easy to eat burger. The lamb always comes out juicy and not too gamey. I often look at the other options, but always come back to the lamb. The Wagyu is good. Beef eaters will notice the slight increase in fat content and enjoy the well rounded beef flavor. Also, this is the first place I've really enjoyed the fried pickles. Breading was not too thick and not too thin. The pickles had great crunch and packed just the right amount of acidic pickle flavor to stand up to the deep fried treatment. Aside from the food, the beverages are great. Every now and then, I stray away from the Grey Goose and I order a nice cold beer. Prices on pints & pitchers are legit. The milkshakes and desserts always sound and look good. But I never get around to ordering them... I smell an update! Overall, this place is an easy choice for me. It's real food, prepared with quality ingredients, by a chef with pedigree. More often than not, celebrity chef = $$$$. But not at BLT Burger. It's not the swankiest spot (Burgers Ala Rossini), but it's definitely a cut above the rest. Don't forget, money is fake in Vegas. After losing your shirt in the casino, a $15 burger is cheap.
2	It looks like an overpriced burger joint is de rigeur for every casino in town now.  Blt is an attractive restaurant, but in the end it's just another formulaic place with decent food, created by an out-of-town, absentee, big-name New York chef in order to seperate tourists from their money.A few notes:  The skinny fries are not skinny.  The beer list is lame.  Bbq nachos awful and unnecessary.  One of their appetizers is a waffle fry topped with cheese and runny, canned-tasting chili and a jarred jalepeno.  The pickle that accompanies the burgers has no flavor whatsoever.  It was apparently house-made, but had no snap and no flavor and was a flaccid, sad, bruised little afterthought of an attempt.I love when you order a 15 dollar burger and the server asks if you "want cheese" on that.  Really?  Cheese is an upcharge?  Wow.Wings were good.  Burger decent.  Service was okay.  I just felt duped and unsatisfied when I finished my meal.2.5 stars I'll round down due to lack of imagination and inconsistent execution and insane prices.Blt burger plus split order of fries plus 2 beers came to over 40 bucks.  Fail.Plus, enough with the "chef's ipod" playing classic rock greatest hits.
3	The burgers here are way overpriced and the milkshakes are awesome, but also overpriced. I had the marshmallow campfire milkshake here two years ago, but tried it again and was shocked. When I first had it, they were generous with their marshmallows, but over the labor day weekend, they only gave me one roasted marshmallow on top of my 7 dollar milkshake. EVERYTHING here is overpriced, but to be fair they do taste good.
3	If your looking to get a burger at the Mirage then this might be the place. Don't expect the best burger you have ever had. I got the BLT burger and there was nothing special about it. The fries were good but not great. I don't plan on returning for another burger but it was nice to stop in and try it out.
3	Went here on a mission for fried pickles and was not disappointed. However, after drinks (the adult milkshakes are awesome), burgers and fries, the bill was far more than I expected for burgers and fries. I would definitely go again and double up on the fried pickles and get Subway or something after. If you're a fan of larger than life fork and knife type burgers, don't miss out, otherwise, I'd move on....
4	Food was excellent and atmosphere was cool. Had the deep fried pickles for an appetizer and the classic cheeseburger. Portions are huge and the cost isn't bad. Just a cool vibe in the place (it's in the Mirage)
2	50 bucks for two burgers, 2 orders of fries and a milkshake. In Vegas, if the food is decent, I actually don't mind dropping this kind of money, especially after i cleared 6/6 on my sports betting!However, at 2 in the morning and a little tipsy I can still tell this place is not very good. The skinny fries are worse than Mcdonalds but twice as expensive. Their waffle fries are worse than Carl's Jr's criss cut fries by a large margin. They were so stale. The waiter insisted we get dipping sauce... I think he knew it would help with downing the disgusting french fries. The burgers aesthetically looked pretty awesome. Too bad thats the only plus. For the price of a cheeseburger at BLT you can get 5 In n Out burgers and it doesn't taste as good. The thing with burgers is that they are everywhere. So you have more reference points. I cook burgers at home and BLT looked like they forgot to add salt and pepper when they were mixing the meat to make the patties. Totally bland, a huge disappointment. If I had to compare the taste of this to a burger you all know, I would say its better than the Mc Donald's double cheeseburger, but worse than a whopper from Burger King. The milkshake 'Berry Me' was pretty yummy. big serving with fresh fruit was the only highlight of this sad sad meal. Next time you are in Vegas, do not gamble on this restaurant, take your chances elsewhere!
4	The Ultimate Value Meal: Burger, Fries & Beer.  Take that golden arches.  For $23 I get to...  - pick my burger - what i put on it - what fries i want with it (you want the waffle fries)  - and whatever deliciousness is on tap.Sit at the bar behind the tappers, make a friend with the bartender and if you're lucky sneak a top off. (not that kind of top off... wrong place)You're on the Strip... of course its overpriced.  So get over it. If you'd like a good burger, with good fries and a good beer (not that lite crap) then you're in the right place.  Sit at the bar for the most attentive service.
3	This review will be short and simple. The burgers here are decent. I've been here a couple times for the burgers and a couple times for the shakes, both spiked and regular. I think the burgers are a bit pricey but you're also paying to eat in a trendy burger place in a trendy hotel on the Vegas strip. The burgers aren't bad at all. They're good. I just think they should be better for the price. The thing that stands out here for me are the shakes. They're excellent. I'd say they're the best I've ever had. The spiked ones seem pricey, but are actually on par with other places that have spiked shakes. The sad part is I didn't get a buzz off of one. I'd stick with the non spiked version since they're cheaper. I'll definitely be back again just for the shakes.
4	In my leisure time, I made my way to Las Vegas. There was no way I was leaving the city without trying a new burger! Housed in the Mirage Hotel, BLT Burger has two other locations in New York and Hong Kong so I was very excited to eat at such an exclusive restaurant. The menu has some delicious (and unorthodox) options. I almost want to take a trip back to Vegas solely to dine at BLT. They were once featured on Martha Stewart making a burger with ground salmon. The Salmon Burger has been on my radar for a long time. Obviously too much red meat is bad. Although I love beef burgers, I am also curious about beef alternatives.Before tasting the burger, I had the pre-concieved notion that it would be fishy. I was glad that I was wrong. I think it's the fact that the salmon was grounded it could pass so well as a beef alternative. This burger is extremely impressive and delicious.
3	Vegetable salad with grilled chicken was very good, fresh and tasty!  Our server kept getting confused who ordered what.  Not too many healthy choices, but the greasy choices looked awfully good.
2	Overpriced and not very good. Worst $15 burger I have ever had AND it doesn't come with fries! Fries are $5 and pretty small portion (though the waffle fries were tasty).  Oh, and one of the girls I was with ordered white wine - it was $12 and in a small water glass. Overall everyone was disappointed - with the food and the price. I would recommend going somewhere else in Vegas if you are looking for a casual lunch or dinner.
4	This place is between a three and a four for me.I ordered the Waffle Bites to start.  They taste great.  The jalapenos is a nice touch.  The issue here is with portion.You get like six waffle fries, no joke, for $7.  This would be one of my favorite appetizers ever if the portion was at least adequate.I had the blue chesse burger with bacon.  Unlike the appetizer this is a huge portion.  The tastes were all good.  They use pretty good bacon too.  The meat was juicy.I ordered the Lunch Box shake for desert.  It had great flavor but it was rich.  It is good, but i will go back to the Twinkie shake next time.
3	Decent burger, decent prices but they are going to have to elevate to compete with the burger joint movement that's hit Vegas. First time I've had deep fried pickles and they were awesome...best part of the meal. Had The Shaft, which was tasty enough, but nothing memorable.  Good quality beef, but the bun was dry. Never a good thing on a burger. Chili was actually very good...just needs to be hot when served.  Great potential, but hasn't hit the mark.
3	My travels take me to Vegas once per year...and I am usually staying at the Mirage...so I always take one night and have a burger at BLT Burger.  I will continue to do this in the future, but, this year was a bit disappointing.My order has always been the same, but this year I changed one item...I will go back to my old ways!  My order is always the BLT Burger with waffle fries and a Black and White Milkshake.  This year, I decided to go with the "skinny fries."The BLT burger consists of a 7 oz (I think) good beef burger with Bacon, Lettuce, Tomato, Onion and something they call their Burger Sauce (kind of like a Thousand Island).  I always ask that they put American Cheese on it.  Well, this year, they forgot the American Cheese, so I had to send it back and get that added.  They also allowed the bun to get soggy, so I had to send it back AGAIN to get the bun right.  After the corrections, the burger was outstanding, as usual.The skinny fries...well, let's just say that you should go for the waffle fries OR the sweet potato fries...the skinny fries tasted like they came from a bag of frozen fries.  While I often have this type of french fries and do not complain, I am not paying BLT Burger prices for them.  Back they went...and bring on my waffle fries.The Black and White Shake?  What can I say...I rarely allow myself the luxury of a milkshake...but...this one...always...and it was as good as it has ever been!Service is quite good...and they were very good about making "repairs" to my order...but...no one offered any type of reparation for my troubles...another troubling factor.Now...in years past...and I have done this for 5 years now...none of these issues have ever occurred...was it an off night?  Who knows, maybe I will go back tomorrow night and try again!  But...I give them 3 stars because of the issues...in the past, they would have received 4-5 stars!While this seems negative...overall, I am quite happy at BLT Burger...so try it!
4	Get: The Wagyu Burger - sooo deliciousThe mudslide milkshakeWaffle FriesBrisket burgerPass: Onion rings (nothing out of the ordinary)Sweet potato fries (mine were not hot though which kinda ruined it)Note: Cheese is extra if your burger doesn't explicitly say it has cheese -1 dollar. All other toppings are a 1.50 which isn't too badBLT is located in the mirage. They have a decent selection of draft beers, which is always a plus. The burgers are pretty expensive (12-17) but it's Vegas. Also there are combos like a burger, fries, and beer for 23 which is a decent deal. I went with a bunch of friends and we tried a couple of burgers. They had many unique choices in the menu but I tried the American wagyu burger, and I also traded for a bite of my Friends lamb tandoori burger. I also mooched off a bunch of my friends food to try everything else to help my fellow yelpers out :)I should point out here that the Service was AWESOME. Always had a full cup and our server made awesome recommendations and was super friendly*The mudslide milkshake was super good. Very chocolatey with a great aftertaste. *I sampled the skinny fries. They were light and crispy with a potato chip taste. The sweet potato fries were very good and seasoned well. They came out luke warm though, which probably made them my second favorite after the waffle fries. The waffle fries were definitely the best out of the three flavor wiseThe wagyu burger was certainly tasty. And by tasty i mean NOM.  It was full of flavor and the Swiss cheese I added complimented it well. The bun was lacking and very typical, otherwise it would have been a perfect burger. Definitely get it medium rare to get the full flavor profile. *The tandoori burger was good and was interesting but i liked the wagyu better. The brisket burger was very tasty but it also had the most sauces and components so overall mine was the best judging just the meatThis place is pretty expensive but if you get the combo deals its definitely worth it. Great service, great food, and lots of options!
3	After spending the afternoon in the Dolphin Habitat at the Mirage, we decided to stop for a bite at the BLT. Decent atmosphere, very trendy. We were promptly seated by a polite hostess and the waiter was right over.Will, our waiter was very pleasant, had good knowledge of the menu and was always ready with refills. The prices were a bit much for the amount you received on your plate but it is Vegas after all. It's not the place of 5.99 steak dinners anymore.I ordered brisket mac n cheese. I would not recommend it, nor would I order it again (it was on the happy hour specials list for the day). BBQ brisket and mac n cheese, though good separate, did not combine well in the same dish. It was served tandoori style. I love the baked in taste but again it just didn't go down so well. I was not going to complain though since I wasn't paying the bill this round. Again it was just OK.The Twinkie shake I had on the other hand, I could have as a meal replacement any day of the week. So rich but oh so delightful. The hubby had wings spicy but not hot, but he said they were very tasty. My mother in law had the Turkey burger and we all split a pitcher of beer. It wasn't fancy, it was decent. I would order something else next time for sure, should we decide to visit there again. 5 stars for service if I could give just 5 for that alone, but the meal experience left me with something to be desired. Skip the mac n cheese brisket.
2	Pretty meh.  We got a selection of burgers, wagyu burgers and sliders and none of them were anything to write home about.  All of them were overcooked and just plain ok.  I would only return if I needed to get something quick and it was in front of me and one of the only options.  Was not impressed.  We also got wings and no one touched them-- they looked gross and tasted even grosser.
4	Went here for dinner on our first night in Vegas. That's important to note, as we were all feeling a little worn out from traveling.We were staying at the Mirage, so it was convenient AND it came highly recommended.Our party ordered the following:- turkey burger & skinny fries (All White Meat Natural Turkey Breast Ground With Fresh Herbs) - $12- chili bowl - $8- Buffalo chicken sandwich & fat fries - (Fried Chicken, Red Hot Sauce, Avocado, Chopped Lettuce, Maytag Blue, Buttermilk Dressing) - $12- vegetable salad & sweet potato fries - $12 + $5- chicken Caesar salad - $15- BLT burger & waffle fries (7oz. Grilled Certified Angus Beef, Double Smoked Bacon, Lettuce, Tomato, BLT Burger Sauce) - $13 (add cheese for $1)It was AWESOME! No one had any complaints.We tried every fry variety at our table of five - sweet potato, waffle, skinny and fat. I really liked the fries in particular (sweet potato and waffle)... waffle fries are just not something you see in Canada very much. Yum! And I've rarely met a yam frite I didn't agree with!Our waiter was friendly and fast, though I felt like he was trying a bit too hard to be funny. Whatever... it's better than being surly.Compared to the other restos we ate at in The Mirage, it was a bit trendier and more family-oriented.
4	I hate to say it, but this is one of the best burgers that I have had in a long time.  A Vegas hotel right next to the casino just does not scream "good food here" but BLT Burger beat all expectations.  So much so I had lunch there two days straight. All burgers are 7oz. hand formed burgers.  Their namesake burger is your go to burger here.  Pretty standard lettuce, tomato, onion with the addition of smoked bacon.  They boast "CAB" (certified angus beef) which really means nothing.  As long as they got the ratio of protein and fat right you'll get a good burger, and they got it right. With each juicy bite I became more and more surprise on how much I enjoyed this burger.  Then it hit...it was damn good!The next day I ordered the turkey burger.  A turkey burger is not the norm for me, but if every turkey burger taste like this one I just may make the switch.  BLT Burger was a surprise through and through.  A great burger.  i wish the same could be said about the service.
3	The Good:  Another upscale burger joint?  Yep, but they have other choice besides beef, like lamb, chicken, fish, and veggie. Since I had a killer burger at SmashBurger I went with the Buffalo Chicken - Fried Chicken, Red Hot Sauce, Avocado, Chopped Lettuce, Maytag Blue, Buttermilk Dressing.  Along with a order of Sweet Potato Fries, Chili Spice Seasoning.The Bad:  Pretty pricey for a burger meal that I don't think delivers.  Only certain burgers can be combo'd.  I'm not sure why, when some of the burgers are the same price as the ones that qualify for it.  The combos are a burger, fries and a drink for I believe $21 or a milkshake for $23.  Save the money, go to Smashburger, get better food for half the price.The Ben:  I don't think the food was worth the price.  I think that Smashburger has ruined my burger taste buds for awhile.
4	Came here with the hubby & my 2yr old. It was easy to get seated and the service was on point. Of course we didnt end up getting burgers. I had a brisket mac & cheese to share with the little one. It was amazing. I have never had anything like it and was very pleased with it. The portion was great as well.The hubby was not very hungry so he ended up trying a grilled cheese & fries. It looked to be a decent GC. He was pretty happy with it.The fries were nice and crisp.I had a drink called Las Vegas H20 and it was really strong..but it was still very yummy.I will come back next time & try a burger if they dont have that yummy mac & cheese anymore.
4	Awesome, awesome, awesome!Had The Stripper which was just, just great. I also had an order of waffle fries which were probably the best ones I've had yet.Washed down with a couple of Budweiser's and this meal just couldn't be beat. It's also right in the Mirage, one of my favorite hotels on the Strip.
5	I don't ever eat burgers,went at  friends request. After trying the BLT Burger all I keep thinking is....I'm really looking forward to my return. I can't wait to bite into another BLT Burger. ( it didn't even taste like a burger) And the Beef Nachos were incredibly tasty!!!!Tried the fried pickles b/c of a review I read on yelp. I think the gal might have enjoyed them so much b/c she may have been pregnant. hmmm....
4	Great fried pickles. Burgers galore. Went twice in one weekend.
3	Eh.I think I had higher expectations for this place. You would think that a restaurant that serves booze milkshakes would get 5 stars right off the bat, right? Wrong.Well, I came here during the week in the early afternoon. There was no issue finding seating at the bar. I ordered the Shaft's Blue burger (blue cheese, caramelized onions, mushrooms) and the Night Rider boozeshake (Kahlua, chocolate liqueur, Oreo cookies, chocolate ice cream). For dessert, the "krispy kreme" doughnut bread pudding with rum raisin ice cream. The burger was good. Not great, but good. The booze shake was good too. Definitely got a little buzzed from it. The krispy kreme bread pudding was DISGUSTING. It was just sugary and gross. I'm surprised I didn't get diabetes after eating a few spoonfuls of it. Overall, can't say I was impressed with this place. I would pass.
3	By the time our plane got into Vegas, it was already after midnight and we were exhausted so we headed downstairs and the only place open was BLT Burger. I had the salmon burger with lettuce, tomato, avocado, and dill sauce. The salmon was cooked perfectly and the dill sauce balanced out the tangy spices of the salmon. We also had ordered the "Fat Fries" (thought it was gonna be like steak fries but it was potato wedges) and the onion rings, which had too much batter. Overall, it was an average meal for a pretty extravagant price and it didn't make my "MUST GO WHEN IN VEGAS" list.The only reason why this place doesn't get one more star is because the customer service was pretty horrible. Upon arriving, the manager (?) and the hostess were having a conversation that seemed more interesting than seating customers then, there was only one waiter working so we only saw him about twice in the meal (once to bring drinks/take the order and once to bring the food). Ohh BLT Burger, with a name like that, I had high expectations for you.
2	Visited this place twice: Once for burgers and the other for a carry out shake.While the waiters walk around with t-shirts proclaiming their "greatness", the service here is poor, at best.On the dine in visit, he never checked back on us to see how the meal was and we had to flag him down to get a refill and then again for a check.Food:Burgers are decent, nothing out of this world, but better than your typical chain restaurant.  You get a choice of fries and we had 2 different kinds, both came out a bit undercooked and lacked a nice crisp/crunch that should be automatic in these "high end" burger joints.Shakes are ok and the one we had was ~$9, which is highway robbery.  There was also about 1/2 a portion left in the mixer after she poured it into our to-go cup.  I asked her what she would do with that and she replied "We spill it out". I said that most would throw it in as a side car.  She gave me a blank look and poured it in the sink.So ~$9 for about a 12oz shake.Customer service=ZERO.Plenty of TVs all around to catch a game and grab a burger if you are in the mood and walking by, but definitely not a destination place.
3	Went in with three friends. Had solid burgers, but they weren't out of this world worth that ticket price kind of burger. For high end burgers, Burger Bar at Mandalay Bay is worth trying. I will review that one soon.My friend and I ordered Draft root beers and ended up getting bottled IBC root beers. Not cool... not even a warning.Food came out with picks stabbed into them saying "M" for Medium and "MR" for Medium Rare.To the food...Shaft's Blue Burger: blue cheese, mushrooms, grilled onions, soft brioche bread, very yummy and fillingBLT Burger: Bacon, Lettuce, and Tomato... on a burger, soft brioche bread, also fillingWaffle Fries: Very yummy, crispy, but came luke-warm Mac & Cheese: Chili mac 'n cheese, topped with bread crumbs and baked until the top was crisp and goldenService was okay. Food was four stars. Ambience was okay. I was disappointed in getting different root beers than expected. I didn't complain because I don't do such things, but the bottles were also already opened so I didn't want them to go to waste. Sigh... I might come back to try some other things from their menu. BTW, BLT stands for Bistro Laurent Tourendel.
4	First afternoon after getting in from the airport in Vegas and the girlfriend and I are looking for something to start our trip off on a good note.  After first impressions, it was a little bit pricy (even for a gourmet burger), but the menu looked real interesting.Food:Burgers were great -- the meat was definitely the highlight, and very tasty. They made my medium rare burger perfectly and also hit the mark with my gf's medium. She wasn't as much of a fan of the seasoning as I was, but overall the meat was fresh and tasty and really made the burger.The sweet potato fries were absolutely amazing -- best sweet potato fries we've ever had.  The criss-cut fries were decent -- they supposedly had a special seasoning, but I couldn't tell. I was a little bit disappointed that the fries came out luke-warm, but overall they're worth it.Oh yeah, and they give you a true pickle (not one out of a jar) with your burger.  Props for that.Drink:My gf had the nutella shake, and it was divine.  The whipped cream had the perfect texture.They had an OK beer list, but they had Chimay on tap, which earns points for me.Price:There definitely is a premium on the food, but for a gourmet burger it wasn't bad (with food and drinks, it was about $30/pp after tax and tip).Service:Absolutely terrible -- our server was slow to respond, and our quick meal turned into an hour and a half ordeal.Overall: 3.5-4 stars.
3	So, after taking visitors to the Secret Garden and Dolphin Exhibit, the kids wanted burgers and this is convenient.  These aren't the best burgers to be had on the Strip, but they are good enough if you get caught in The Mirage hungry.  I kind of hate the trend of burger places that don't include fries with your burger, but OK, prices are high on the Strip, so I will pay the $5 for fries to go with my $13 burger.  The fries weren't that great and the bun was a little dry, but the meat in the burger and the toppings were nice.  Service was also quite good.  Funny though, for a place called BLT Burger, the kids menu had a few options, but none of which were burgers.
3	I have to admit, I was fairly disappointed in BLT Burger. I had been really looking forward to checking it out since The Mirage on Facebook had started posting the weekly specials which looked amazing. However, when I went recently the special was a tuna melt and there wasn't even a special dessert or shake.Besides the lack of special items, the food we got was only "ok". The waffle fries and the onion buns were really good, I admit. But the turkey burger was fairly dry and not too flavorful. Yes, I know that is the nature of turkey but it is possible to remedy that with certain techniques. On top of that, I had avocado added to it and it didn't take too long to realize that 4 slices were completely black and rotten tasting. Their apology? They took the $1.50 charge for the avocados off the bill...Oh well, that's what happens when you look forward to something too much, I guess!
2	Ok, but pricey for what you get .  Service marginal - our food was almost cold and waitress not overly friendly.
4	FOOD: 4/5Classic Burger: Very tasty. The bun is done well, the cheese is delicious, and you get a good chunk of beef. It was incredibly under-seasoned in my opinion, but some might enjoy that, as it enables the flavor of the meat to push through to your palate. Clearly fresh meat, and cooked to perfection (my medium was a true medium [pink and tender on the inside], not a medium-well, as so many places mistakenly make them into).Sweet Potato Fries: By far -- by FAR -- the best I've ever had. Good texture (not crunchy, not mushy) and extraordinary seasoning. I'd come back just for these.DRINK: 5/5Nut Job Milkshake: Delicious! It really tasted just like Nutella and almonds. There were even almond shavings on top. The texture was terrific, and the whipped cream was the best I've ever tasted -- truly home-made.SERVICE: 1/5The Good: Not the worst I've had, as our server wasn't out-and-out rude and did bring us the correct orders.The Bad: She was incredibly slow and inattentive; I'm not sure I've ever seen someone more bored with their job. When we'd try to catch her eye at various points, we'd find her behind the bar, chatting with other employees and getting giggly back rubs from the bartender. It took her nearly twenty-five minutes to glance over at us and bring us our bill once we'd finished our meals.ATMOSPHERE: 5/5Space: Nice, open little area. Tables and booths are spacious. You can watch passers-by as you dine.Decor: Very well decorated. Red and gold might sound like a recipe for a gaudy disaster, but BLT's actually managed to make it work quite well.Cleanliness: Didn't find anything wrong with the dishware, silverware, floor, or tables/seats. Absolutely clean.PRICES: 4/5There's a lot of complaining on here about prices, but come on, people -- it's BLT Burger! The name alone carries some prestige. Sometimes, food is simply worth an extra few bucks, and if you're scared of higher prices, it's your responsibility to judge whether a restaurant's bypassed your comfort level by looking at a menu BEFORE you take a seat. If you want a super cheap burger, there's a McDonald's right across the street.That said, for the quality, I think the prices are maybe a dollar too high, or two dollars at most. It's not the best burger I've ever had, and $5 for a side of fries is a bit much, even considering how spectacular they are. But all in all, I'd say BLT mostly warrants its prices.
4	My beau dragged me here, and I am so grateful that he did -- The Twinkie Boy Milkshake is amazing! Why haven't I seen this before? Vanilla Ice Cream, Twinkie, and Caramel Syrup? Done and DONE! Imagine that, and they puncture that twinkie with the straw that you're drinking... That's a glass of deliciousness!The Lamb Tandoori Burger is Ace. Can't go wrong with Colorado Lamb*, Mint-Cilantro Yogurt Sauce, Cucumber, Olives, Red Onion, Tomato. My beau craves this everytime we come to Vegas, and I wouldn't call it "being dragged to" anymore. I'm looking forward to my next visit. Alright so it's a rockin' spot set up at the Mirage. Ambiance and food. Yes please!
4	I have been wanted to try BLT Burger in NY, but I ran out of time....so I went to check it out today.My babe and I ordered the American Wagyu hamburger with chedder cheese and an egg, sides of waffle and sweet potato fries and the Twinkie Boy shake.The burger was very avg.....for $20.00, I was expecting a much tender and fattier taste of beef.  It was good.....but not as good as the $40.00 Kobe Hamburger at the Old Homestead in NY.....that burger was worth the $$$$$.The fries were ok....but the Twinkie Boy Shake was fucking-outstanding!!It tasted just like a twinkie......soooo good...For desert, we had the Krispy Kreme bread pudding...again.....fucking-outstanding!I came in my pants eating the pudding and drinking my shake......the hot Asian waitress taking care of my table added to the meal highlight!She flirted w/me during the whole meal.......oh yeagh!
5	This place was a bit of a surprise for me. I couldn't help but think "ANOTHER burger bar in Vegas." First off, they've got a great beer, mixed drink and 'adult' shake selection. I'm a beer guy and I don't think there's much to do to improve it. Boy, I was wrong again. I had a Blue Moon float with orange ice cream. Anyone who likes wheat beer, knows that it goes great with an orange wedge in it. Combining the beer with an orange ice cream was brilliant.The fries are awesome here. They have skinny or fat fries. The fat fries are like the KFC potato wedges of old. (Not sure if KFC still serves them, because I haven't been in one, in a solid decade.) Crispy and delicious. A little thinner than KFC. They also offer you multiple dipping sauces, at no extra charge. I love condiments.Burgers, of course, are also very good. While they are not cooked the way I would 100% prefer (char broiled or BBQ grilled) they are still quite good. I ordered mine medium rare and it was done perfect. I had both the BLT and the blue cheese burger, on two separate days. Both were excellent. One day, we were in a big hurry and they went out of their way to get us in and out. I appreciate that. Service was friendly and helpful, both days. The music was a little loud, but I'm not a huge fan of the music they were playing (mostly classic rock, yuck.) But it did make it a little hard for conversation in a restaurant. I could understand that, in a bar. Prices were reasonable, although the burgers do NOT include fries. Typical Vegas pricing, to say the least. Anyway, I highly recommend this place and plan to return.
3	As many have said, expectations were high but BLT did not deliver. Starters of Jalepeno Poppers & Chicken Wings were the highlight. As we head downhill, the burgers are bland, nothing special. The BLT burger had ingredients not listed in the description (pickles & onions), the blue cheese burger was tasty, but we weren't informed that they were out of wheat buns until it arrived at our table, and finally, the fries were soggy & limp. Oh, and finally again, the shakes need more flavor & more ice cream. On the brighter side, the service was attentive & the water was cold.
4	This place is really 3.5 stars at best, but I will round up.  The burgers are tasty and prepared really nice, but they do not compare to some of the better burger joints that I have had.  The price is a bit inflated for what you get.  The fact that it will cost you $20-30 for a burger, soft drink/shake, and a side is a bit steep.  Our server did a good job of keeping an eye on us to make sure we had everything we needed.  Overall I was satisfied with my meal, but there has to be tastier burger joints tucked away in Vegas.
3	A good place to stop for a quick lunch but the food wasn't the best.
4	Pressed for time, I thought this would be a quick stop to grab something to go.  Take out took about 15 minutes for my food to be ready.  MY ORDER:- The BLT Burger (at the BLT Burger, ha) $13- Sprite around $2.50? (pricey :[  I would skip out on the drink next time if I'm ordering out)TOTAL:  around $15.50 What I wish I knew before I ordered so fast...There are combos to choose from which include a side of fries and a drink for just a few dollars more.TASTE:I LOVED my burger!  It was juicy, looked delicious, and was a good size...I didn't have enough room in my stomach to finish it.  :[  WHAT'S INSIDE:  7oz. Grilled CAB*, Double Smoked Bacon, Lettuce, Tomato, BLT Burger Sauce ... on my 2nd trip to BLT Burger, my party and I were also pressed on time and needed a place to just grab a quick snack before we started our night.  We were seated in less than 1 minute in a booth fit for 6 people.  The food was still good enough for me to want to come back next time I'm in Vegas!WHAT MY TABLE ORDERED:- Caesar Salad (note:  if you're not into spicy, you might want to try a different salad)- Mozzarella Sticks (comes w/ 6 pcs)- Chili Cheese Fries (lot of just one person)- BBQ Nachos (they give you plenty of brisket)I also liked the way the restaurant is designed... OH, our waiter also gave us separate checks even though we never asked for one.  That was a plus, since we all knew that we probably would have paid with 6 different methods of payment.  Overall, a good experience.
3	This place is pretty expensive but we were starving and there was no wait. We had the Berry Me milkshake, waffle bites, chili bowl, and the BBQ nachos. We liked our food but it's not a place I would get a craving for. It's ok if we're there again.
4	I am a sucker for a good burger. I was meeting a friend who worked at the Mirage and we wanted someplace that was casual, not too expensive and at the hotel. The service was decent. Not bad but not amazing either. They had tvs playing the football game so it isn't a bad place to watch some sports. The burgers were so so good though. I just got a classic cheeseburger and it was perfectly cooked and despite being a simple burger it was so tasty. Everyone really enjoyed their burgers and the milkshakes were good. I also was recommended to order the fried pickles but didn't end up doing it. I would come here again next time I am in Vegas.
3	This was the only place open for lunch this early besides Carnegie.  It was ok, nothing special, should have waited longer for other places to open.  The highlight was the milkshake, not the burger.
3	We stopped here before seeing a show at the Mirage. I thought the food was good, but the same stuff you can get at most burger places. I had the buffalo chicken burger, which was great because they somehow make the buffalo sauce part of the chicken's breading, so it wasn't very messy to eat as these burgers normally are, but it tasted just like you would expect. I also got the sweet potato fries with mine and they were the standard fries you can get at any other restaurant. My husband got the BLT burger and loved it. Very thick cut bacon and cooked exactly as he ordered (medium rare), he also got the waffle fries and both of us agreed that they are the better of the two sides we tried.The atmosphere was also nice, we sat right on the edge, so we had a great view for people watching, and in Vegas that is always a treat.
5	This review is solely on my experience with their milkshake =) I'm going to just get straight to the point! Milkshake! Milkshake! Milkshake! My god its good! Probably THE BEST milkshake I had so far. I really wish we tried this sooner, I would of got one milkshake per day that I was in Vegas. I tried their Strawberry Berry and Mocha Coffee with Oreo and the Mocha one is OUT OF THIS WORLD.  The flavors in both the shakes are just so outbursting. All I can say is that I wish I can have one shipped to me once a day. I would be ONE happy camper!
3	Surprisingly, it was one of very few things open when I went out looking for food. The service was good. Food was OK.
4	This place seems so pricey for just a burger, but it's the lamb tandoori that had us coming here two times on our trip! I don't know what it is, but that thing is amazingly delicious! Also tried a classic burger, but that wasn't anything special. So it is the lamb tandoori that is definitely worth it!!! Oh and don't forget the alcoholic shakes! Those things are delicious, too!
2	I had the lamb burger with sweet potato fries and the nutella milkshake a couple of weeks ago.The lamb burger was OK, nothing special. The bun was not toasted, but the Patty was favorful. On par with Lamb burgers I had elsewhere.I always order Sweet potato fries when available and the ones here were probably the worst I ever had. They were soggy, lukewarm with little of the expected sweetness.The Nutella milkshake tasted just like Nutella & Vanilla ice cream spun together, nothing special, something you can make at home in 5 minutes. When I pay 6 bucks for a milk shake I expect it to be special.The service was prompt, but when I complained about the fries & they offered to bring more of the same - no thanks.This would be 3 star review, but I have to take off a star for the final check $31 with tip.
4	OMG this was soooo good.  Almost the best burger we had in vegas to date.  Could be cause we were absolutely famished though....We'll try again next time.  Totally cool place to be, diner style.   I think i recall my only complaint being that theres a couple servers with guts hanging  over the aprons,  pick it up guys!
4	I would make this my first stop if I were staying at the Mirage.A retro style burger joint and they know exactly how to make one.   They even have instructions on creating the best burger on their menus.  I'm glad they are willing to share their secret.  Their blue cheese burger was so juicy and satisfying that it made me forget the long and early flight that I took to get there.Their waffle fries were a treat and I wish that's the only way restaurants should make fries from now on.Definitely a treat if you are on an empty stomach.
4	Yum!  Great burgers, great spiked shakes, great service.  You should go.  We'll be back!!
4	The last time I was here, I heard about the spiked milkshakes and grabbed one and left, not knowing that the burgers here absolutely delicious.My gf also ordered the spiked chocolate milkshake, which I wasn't too much of a fan, probably because it was very chocolatey for me. On the other hand, the spiked all-nighter shake hit the spot.  We both ordered the classic burger, and I liked it so much I ate it with the tomato slice inside of it. I don't normally eat tomatoes in burgers, but the way this one was made really sealed the deal for me.I guess I never would've known about this place if serendipity wasn't so damn busy all the time.
4	We always stop here when we are in Vegas. I am a huge fan of the falafel burger and the fried pickles....mmmmm yum!Service is fast, food is good, Im a fan. I havent tried the shakes but they look ahhhh-mazing!
3	We ate here on the first day we were in Vegas. My husband had a burger which was good and I had chicken wings that were a bit over cooked and the french fries taste like Burger King fries. We were only there that one time  because it was a bit over priced for what we got.
2	Sweet potato fries, not as good as I expected after reading the reviews. They just tasted like regular potato fries. Actually, I think their regular fries were better. The milkshake was lame too. Pretty expensive, which I expected, but not pretty good. Not to mention it was tiny, and halfway filled with whipped cream. The only reason I went for 2 stars instead of 1 was our waiter. He was amazing, attentive, and oh so wonderful! However, as good as he was, I wouldn't come back. The food was not good enough to be that expensive.
1	Don't even know where to start.. Lets just say I was sick all day yesterday & Im pretty sure it was due to BLT..My Husband took me here after work the other night cause we LOVE burgers!! He ordered Tex Mex burger I ordered the fixed menu for Restaurant week :) Burgers were dry with NO flavor.. Like they didn't even use salt & pepper. The chili on my husbands burger was barely swiped on his bun like it was mayo..lol. New Castle on tap was horribly flat!  Onion rings were the mostbland ever!I just don't think the menu coordinator has any idea how to pair flavors.. on my burger their was carmalized onions which were in this orange type sauce.. thousand island dressing.. they forgot the bacon too.. And piece of lettuce was soggy.. bottom bun was so soggy I took it off!  No tang to offset all the sweet. I dunno.being local,... WONT BE BACK.. I don't mind paying 25$ for a burger cause I do it occansionally anyways but COME ON!! my burger should have been juicy & flavorful.. And ff did remind me of burger kings! ohh and the cupcake they gave me that came with my order because it is restaurant weeek....... well it was sooo old & cold.. & had been frozen!  you couldn't even eat the cupcake with a fork because the icing was too hard! I will stick to Shakes & Holsteins or Burger Bar :)
5	Fantastic experience!  Don't miss the spiked milkshakes.  Our burgers were tasty and our waitress was a hoot.  Great casual dining experience.
5	Went here for dinner before the Beatles Love show at the Mirage.  We read the reviews and were expecting great things and we were not disappointed.  The burgers were deliciious!  I had the combo with the classic burger (added cheese and bacon).  The burger was cooked exactly as I ordered it (well done) and tasted amazing.  The bacon had this wonderful smoky flavor to it that was to die for.  The waffle fries were out of this world.  I had a black and white milk shake that was the absolute best milk shake I have had at a restaurant ever.  Too much whipped cream on top but other than that, SO good!  The only negative thing I can say is it's crazy pricy but we definitely weren't disappointed in the quality of food.  Some of the waiters were wearing shirts that said "If we are what we eat then I'm fast, cheap, and easy."  That cracked me up!
3	solid a-ok. it was a pricey but OK burger. the fries,however, were gross. i don't get why people keep talking about them. next time i'll just get the burger and a drink. no need for the fries anyway bc the burger is a really good size. i ordered mine medium but it came out well done. it wasn't burnt otherwise i probably would have been ticked off. the wait wasn't long and they were quick so it was the perfect place for me to grab a bite in between client meetings.
3	Cowboy burger and sweet potato fries tasty, but not really outstanding. Service somewhat slow. Too much noise. Prices rather ridiculous. Burger $12. Fries $5. Soft drink $3.50. Over $25 with tip. All food in Mirage way over-priced.
2	Overpriced burgers and crappy fries.  In and Out is better
4	I can't fault this place, the burgers were to die for, especially the "BLT". Go with the fat fries, they are far nicer than the standard ones. The only thing I wished I'd tried were the milkshakes which looked divine. The service was exceptional and the only thing that was variable on a number of visits was the speed at which the food arrived. I guess that's only to be expected at busy times.I have no trouble in recommending this venue.
3	Decently line, thought I would try it.  Good burger, nothing specactular.  Fries are...well, fries.  And the....whats this?  Makers Mark Milkshake?Oh, thats good.Oh, thats really good.$12 for a Makers Mark Milkshake?  (thinking)OK, yea.  I'll have another.
4	This is a good spot to come to just to get a drink since it's not that crowded.  My bf and I stopped here on a Saturday night.  The bartender was laid back yet prompt.It's primarily a burger place.  We only had drinks here.
3	My bff's and I came to this place for lunch while in Vegas for 24 hours!  The menu is actually small but has a lot of things on it.  We started off the an order of fried pickles, which were AMAZING!!!  I think they should start offering fried pickles as a side order instead of fries!  I ordered a burger and fries, one of my friends ordered the turkey burger and another ordered a salad.  My burger was pretty good.  The fries were cold and it felt like they had been left out to sit for a long time.  The service was pretty hit and miss too.  My friend asked for a side order of sauce and never got it.  Our waitress came back to drop off our check and never asked if we wanted any of their milkshakes that they are known for, my friend had to ask himself for one.
5	"Heaven, I'm in heaven. And my heart beats So that I can hardly speak..."That's how I feel about BLT burger, and that is the song that should be playing 24 hours a day.Shakes - there are very few places where you can get a good shake. There are even fewer places that make a good shake with a splash of goodness that makes you smile a bit more than you did when you got off the plane to start your Vegas excursion. Well, BLT has good shakes, had good adult shakes, and will leave a smile on your face for the rest of the day.Burgers - the burgers are delicious! Savory, beefy, cheesy, and all things yummy. I can't say anything more about the burgers except that they were very good. You really just need to bite down on one yourself.Fries - I say go with the waffle fries.  The skinny fries are just okay. But the waffle fries are very crispy! And a great shape for a potato!!Oh man, I am craving a milkshake and burger as I sit in my DC office. I am also craving another adventure to Vegas!
5	Holy crap this place has the best burgers on the planet! I recommend the cowboy burger. I ordered it well done and it was still super juicy and delicious. Best $13 that I spent in Vegas!
4	Me and my family visited this past weekend and Loved It! We ordered a variety of items to get the full effect of the menu. 3 folks ordered the Classic Burger, cooked to perfection, juicy and flavorful! I ordered the trio of sliders (BBQ & Carmelized Onion, Bleu Cheese & BLT) along with the covered waffle bites (awesome) and the wings. Oh, the wings...very spicy! They bake them first then deep fry. The sauce is hhoott, you will have a tingle on your lips, so enjoy! (See photos) Looking forward to future visits.
4	Whatever happened to that caged area they kept the tigers in before one attacked Roy? Well, ironically enough, the old tiger habitat is home to BLT burger... so instead, the only biting I witnessed was me, into my juicy Tex-Mex burger. It was an excellent burger - medium well certified angus beef, loaded with chili, jalapenos, avocado, salsa, jack cheese and sour cream. It was so big, I had to eat it with a fork and knife, but it was still definitely a burger.I was hesitant about eating at BLT Burger when my colleague told me about it... I thought, "Great, another high-priced, over-rate Vegas joint." I was pleasantly surprised. BLT really hit the spot.
4	My son and I found ourselves in the Mirage on a Sunday afternoon and stopped here for a late lunch.  The place was busy, but we were seated right away, and our server was super friendly and attentive.The milkshakes were wonderful - smooth, flavorful and creamy, not too thick, not too thin - just right!  And the burgers were even better, cooked perfectly juicy, with generous portions of lettuce, pickles, onions and tomato.   Just your basic burger, fries and shake  - so simple, but so well executed!  Skip the fast food joint and treat yourself to BLT Burger.
3	Went here for Thanksgiving dinner. The service was excellent. A couple of our burgers were severely undercooked. Nothing special but I would go back as nothing horrible either!
5	My husband and I enjoyed BLT Burger on our last visit, and we were just as happy with it this time!  We both got the Classic with different toppings - I got Cheddar, he got American and avocado.  I ordered mine medium-well, and it was basically well, but it was still very flavorful and not at all dry.  We ordered a strawberry milkshake, which was good.  We shared an order of sweet potato fries, which were great.  I ordered a drink with strawberries, orange juice, and gin (not sure why, as I am not normally a gin drinker), but it was very good.  One minor complaint- I asked for no tomato on my burger, and they had obviously put a tomato on top of the onion and then removed it prior to bringing it to the table.  It didn't really bother me, but if you have allergies, you may want to be careful with special requests. I think this was the least expensive dinner we had while in Vegas, but we loved it!
4	Excellent choice of burgers and other selections.  I had the turkey burger which was ground with seasonings and was surprisingly good.  Great place for a normal feeling while in Vegas and better prices for food than most places around the strip.
4	Loved the texture and taste of the Strawberry milk shake, and quite enjoyed the medium-well Lamb Tandoori Burger.Keep in mind that every topping you add will be an extra charge to your bill: cheese, avocado, etc.Service was fast and friendly, and the seats filled up by the time noon came around.
3	So after my boyfriend couldn't figure out what he wanted to eat and we walked through the Fashion Show Mall and TI, he finally decided to try BLT burger. All I wanted was a salad, so I got the veggie salad. It was gorgeous looking and tasted pretty good. I loved the chunks of avacado on it, very yummy. My boyfriend got the BBQ Briskey burger with no colesslaw and a side of waffle fries. I stole a fry or two and they were okay, and he thought the burger was decent, but not the best thing ever. Overall it was pretty good, but rather pricey. The table behind us was raving and excited about the shakes, but they also seemed drunk so I'm not sure how good they actually are.
4	Tried BLT again and I must say it seemed quite a bit better to me than the last time I was here. I had the Cowboy which had a nice little spicy kick and was very tasty along with the sweet potato fries. My wife had a classic and really liked it too. Pretty solid burger joint.
2	BLT burger is toward the bottom of the hierarchy of 'gourmet' burger joints on the Vegas strip.  The wait is always long, the service is mediocre at best, and the food is disappointing for the price.  The kobe burger was bland and not worth the money.  If you're content with spending $20 or more on a burger, head to Holstein's at the Cosmo, or if you want an even better burger for cheap, check out Stripburger at the north end of the Fashion Show Mall...don't waste you're money here.
2	I totally had no plans on having anything negative to say about a late night burger joint that has a full bar available until around 2 am on a weeknight. Based on my first experience, it would appear that I was wrong in my thinking. I decided to go in around 11pm one night with a friend on the recommendation of a buddy that had tried out BLT recently for the first time as well. I am a sucker for a good martini and a great burger, (or steak but in this case a burger.) I ordered a Vodka martini and some chicken wings for my friend and I. They had 3 sauces available and I asked the server to mix it up with a few of each kind. He said "No we can't do that". He said.. NO WE CANT DO THAT. Lol... I know that being a Vegas local, I am used to most restaurant's giving you want you want to an extent. It's not like I was changing a recipe.. I wanted a bit of three different styles of wings, all the same price, no change in the portion size. At that, he didn't offer an explanation... just NO. So i'm like, cool.. We will just take them Spicy. No big deal.The martini arrives. The server literally kicked a few pieces of trash on the way to the table when delivering the drink. Looking around, there was trash everywhere. I  mean alot of trash, not like a little bit. Many dirty tables and the floor was ridiculous. I'm guessing it was due to being understaffed, because the server took off after delivering my drink before I could order. Long story short, the second martini was a different size (less), I mentioned it and the server said they were trying to close up the bar. The wings didn't taste right, and when I asked the waiter why they tasted burnt.. he said they are "double cooked".. when I mentioned that I think the oil  they were frying them in was old, he said "oh really". Haha.. listen guys, I'm not that bad of a food snob, this is wings, burgers and martinis.. if it doesn't taste right I'm not going to just eat it. Burgers show up, over cooked but still tasty.. onion rings... burnt tasting and apparently fried in the same oil as the wings as they did not taste right.. like rancid oil was the flavor. The server dissapeared, most likely afraid of me asking him more questions. Finally he came back with the bill, and even as it was just after midnight he seemed to be rushing us. I asked about the 'deep fried oreos' as I had not had them before and he ordered them for us. Listed on the menu they were to be served with a berry sauce. They showed up with a ramekin of melted vanilla ice cream. When I asked about the berry sauce, he said "it's not served with that'. I showed him the menu, and he said the menu was wrong. LMAO. This guy is a piece of work, and I actually had to laugh out loud. I just let it go and ate the Oreo's, paid the bill and left. I'll go back for one of these shakes someday.. the spiked ones every one talks about. It will be earlier in the evening when there is a full staff, a manager and when they aren't trying to close down the place for the night.Happy Eating!
3	If you're looking for a casual place to eat at the Mirage that's not a buffet, this place is pretty decent.  My husband liked his burger, and I had a pretty hearty salad and waffle fries.  Next time I think I'll try the spiked milk shake.
3	I've been coming here the last few times when I've visited Las Vegas. It has become one of my favorite places to grab a burger. It is very easy to get to if you're walking by the The Mirage. Just a few feet away from the main doors.When there is time, we sit down and eat. But most of the time we just take it to-go! Just give them about 15 min. Everything is made fresh!The Turkey Burger is soo good and moist. The Cowboy Burger was okay for my taste.The milkshakes look crazy huge when I see them deliver to other tables, I will try it next time!Great big burgers. Good location. Friendly and great service.
2	Disappointed with the sweet potato fries. That's the only reason we went here. The were limp, not crispy. Lots of overcooked fries. We asked for the special dipping sauce and the gave us Ranch. The ranch was good, but being form the mid-west where we put ranch on everything this wasn't anything special. For the price vs quality I would say skip this. There are much better choices on the strip!
2	Came here around four o clock in the afternoon on a saturday. After we waited for the hostess to show up for five minutes, then waited another fifteen for the server to take our drink orders after we were seated. Which he forgot to bring my beer. The food was no better than eating a burger at Chili's or any other restaraunt chain. Glad the prices were decent. Will not go back and is nowhere near the best burger joint in LV or anywhere else for that matter.
3	BLT cooks their burgers MEDIUM unless otherwise requested.  If your server still asks how you want it cooked don't let this fool you stick with Medium you will not regret it.  If you really love crispy onion rings them order them here.
3	One of the reasons why I wanted to come here was not because of the burgers, but because of their milkshakes. There were a lot of different types of milkshakes to choose from, but out of all I decided to try one of their spiked night rider that had Kahlua and chocolate liqueur. As for the meal I ordered their bbq nachos because they sound good.    The milkshake was great! it came in a tall glass topped with whipped cream and some malted chocolate balls. It was extremely heavy, a little too sweet, but could have added a little bit more chocolate. Since it was heavy I ended up not finishing my nachos, but it didn't matter anyways because the nachos weren't so great.   BBQ Nachos came with shredded pork. The shredded pork was dry, it was all bundled up below the chips and cheese. As a result it made it hard to scoop it up with tortilla chips, so I ended up using my fork. After using my fork the shredded pork was still tangled, so I used a knife to cut it up. NO it was so difficult to cut it so I ended up using my fingers. The BBQ sauce however was very flavourful, tangy and reallly spicy.   Waitress was very nice, she took our orders in the nick of time. However afterwards the service just got slower and just when we received our drinks, the food came. I was having a peaceful time enjoying my food, etc until this crazy obnoxious "monkey" man sitting behind me sorta moving around on his booth, slapping/banging the table a few times, and yelling random things like "WEEEEEEEEEEEEOOOOOOWW". Ya so to the monkey man in the red shirt sitting behind me, thanks a lot for the dining experience!
4	I've been dreaming about their BBQ Nachos - - very good!
4	Pretty damn good burgers! -1 Star for the service as we had no idea who our server was for the first 15 mins.Burgers were quite delicious and french fries can be easily split with a couple of people.
4	I'm addicted what can I say? Seriously, they should have just reserved a whole cow just for me.The BLT burger had it goin' on til the break o' dawn, literally (they close hella late)! Succulent, juicy burgers cooked to perfection with several condiments. Not a huge fan of their sweet potato fries but the waffle fries saved the day.I'm lovin' the vibe here. The staff is excellent, people look like they actually enjoy working here. You can see the people actually cooking the food behind the bar and they even look like happy employees. Our bartender/mixologist/waiter named Dan was hella cool! He gave us a few samples of beer on tap before we locked down a drink. He also, ensured our meal and drinks were on point.A few pointers: pricey but worth it, fun atmosphere, no convenient bathroom (so don't hold it), sit at the bar, and order waffle fries!So, random tidbit, they all wear these shirts that have statements on the back. Definitely good conversation starters. One for example was "tip waiters not cows." I was pretty embarrassed to ask what the hell that meant only to discover there is a thing (mean) ppl do called cow tipping, wtf? Look it up if you are ignorant like me. Also, another one is "always use a condiment" (ha ha). I hope I'm not stealing their thunder but these shirts were so clever and left an impression of the atmosphere. It's the little things, I swear.
5	I eat a lot of burgers. I make a lot of burgers. I buy a lot of burgers. I am really finicky about my burgers.This place kicks ass. It is so, so, so, good. Anyone who says this place isn't good doesn't know anything about a quality cheeseburger.Everything is there in the perfect amount. Excellent sesame seed bun, fresh loosely packed beef. I had the one with bleu cheese and it was outstanding. I didn't have a shake unfortunately but they looked pretty kick ass and I'm sure they are.I really have nothing else to say. This is very likely the best burger I have ever had at any restaurant anywhere. GO EVERY DAY. I'M SERIOUS.
3	saw a couple employees wearing shirts that read: "fast, cheap, and easy - you are what you eat" or something like that. none of these were true about blt burger, but lol to the elderly asian bus-man boasting that shirtanyway, waiting for food was soooo long. it wasn't busy, either. don't come here if you're starving/in a hurry (most people in vegas probably fall into at least one of these categories though)got the blt and cowboy burgers. both were whateversweet potato fries were OK. mcdonalds fries still taste better imhofyi, in case you're lactose intolerant, all of the spiked milkshakes and floats have milk in them, including the blue moon orange sorbetwon't eat here again
4	Stopped in for a late dinner. Wasn't feeling beef that night, so I ordered the lamb burger. I'm glad to say it exceeded my expectations. Wasn't dry like many I've had. Very good. Enjoyed the thin fries too. Would have maybe given 5 stars, but my Desert Flower wasn't as good as it coulda/shoulda been.  But, I'd go back for sure.
5	Our go-to place in Vegas.  Great beer on tap, exceptional burgers, and fantastic fries.  Reasonable prices.
4	The burgers here were delicious. I split the cowboy burger and blue cheese burger with my dad. They both had an amazing flavor! I liked the blue cheese burger a bit better. The fries were also very good. Our waitress was a bit rude however. My alcoholic milkshake took forever to arrive, and when I asked her about it (we had already gotten our food before it came), she acted as if how dare I ask about it! It tasted like it had no alcohol in it when it came. So I was a bit disappointed with the milkshake and the service, but the burgers were so amazing that I'm giving it 4 stars!
4	Get the lamb burger.  that's all i have to say about that....
4	A mean hangover made all made better with a BLT Burger.  Cooked the way i asked (medium) with fat fries.  I had pretty high expectations because a place named BLT Burger better have a good burger and they came through.  Service was good too.  Bloody Mary was $14 and not great, but I drank it.The vibe in this place was cool.  The only music they played was classic rock, awesome.  After late nights of loud club music and sounds of slot machines, I'd go back (even if I wasn't hungry) just for the music and a couple beers.Good place for Lunch in Vegas
4	We ate here Father's Day night for dinner. Got seated right away and the service remained outstanding all night. The NBA finals were playing on all the TV's which seemed appropriate for the evening.  Our waitress was awesome. Kept the drinks full all night, fast service and brought and tended to the check quickly. We started with the nachos which were a big hit with the whole table.  All our burgers were good and cooked exactly how we ordered them. Of all the sides the onion rings were the best. I'd say the fries were just ok. The milkshake on the other hand, very good!  Really enjoyed our meal, would return.
3	Pretty good burger but nothing special.  It was overpriced in my opinion and bit over hyped.Service was.......rushed?  We felt like they where pushing people out, and the waitress was rude.  Would not go back.
5	This is a must stop when in Vegas.  The Kobe burgers are extremely flavorful and their wedge fries go hand-&-hand with them.  Their shakes are also very good (but filling).  This is a before and after hangover spot, the food will get you filled up and ready to party, and will get you back on your feet the next day after partying the night away!  Good eats peeps!!!
5	Being from England, i had done some research on where to eat and Rob from the Burger Anarchy blog recommended a few eats to try, one of which was BLT Burger and whilst visiting the Mirage Casino, we stumbled upon it, and it was around feeding time, so we decided to give it a bash.We all opted for starters as we had the munchies from a couple of hours of beer drinking, I opted for the 8 piece buffalo wings, packed a nice spicy punch and the chicken was cooked nicely with the skin nice and golden but before we finished those our mains turned up, I know it's a busy place but i hate being rushed through my meal, and i'm a fast eater anyway so it was quick. For the main I went for 'Shaft's Blue which is a 7oz. Grilled CAB, Shaft's blue vein cheese, balsamic caramelized onion and mushrooms and sweeet jesus was it lovely, i asked for the burger to be cooked medium/rare and they didn't disappoint, the combo of all the ingredients worked well, also would like to mention the Lamb Tandoori burger, my friend said it was a winner, and it must of been, he wouldn't let me try it.All in all a really good burger, and now ranks 3rd in my Top 5, so it's well worth a visit, but do expect to be rushed through, it's pretty busy.
3	Would have given 4 but Vegas and they suppose too do it big! Wait was little long but the Black N Chicken was the bomb!
3	Never heard of this burger chain but I guess they have locations in a bunch of major cities. Waited in line (?) to be seated. Clearly you can see open tables and I don't know if the hostesses (yes plural) just didn't have their act together or they like to stagger the seating to help out the wait staff and kitchen or what? Sorry slow service is one of pet peeves. Took a while for our big group of 8 to decide and order. So many choices and a lot of us were enamored by the alcoholic shakes. Yeah I know, it's the first time I've ever seen milkshakes with alcohol too. I tried some of my friend's shake that had kaluha and baileys and while the alcohol wasn't very strong, the milkshake was delicious. But service during the meal was ok. Water was refilled regularly and they checked up on us a couple times. Anyways I got the lamb tandoori burger. I like to get lamb when I see it because it's one of those things I don't know how to make at home. Think they cook the burgers medium unless you tell them otherwise. And medium is perfect. The burger was just a little bit pink and still very juicy. Also got a side of sweet potato fries. Mmm, love me some sweet potatoes. Dislike that sides don't come with the already expensive burgers ($12+ and $5 for the fries and like $8/9 for milkshakes - insane). Too pricey for me to eat here normally. But when you're on vacation, I guess it's not bad.
1	Classic and BBQ Brisket Burgers were ok. Over-priced. Service was awful!
5	Best burger place in Vegas!!Got here about 20 minutes before they were about to close. Missy was wonderful. She didn't try to rush us with deciding nor rush us out of the place either. We ordered the 15 piece Chicken wings, and the Turkey burger with Swiss cheese. Each were extremely tasty.About 5 additional groups of people entered into the restaurant after us and Missy did not get overwhelmed, never squirmed, nor budged on her impeccable service.Kudos to the cooks and management.
4	BLT Burger was the first restaurant that I ate at in Vegas.  My friend and I made a list of Vegas restaurants that we wanted to check out.  BLT Burger was on the list since we were staying at The Mirage.  The waiting time for us was about 5 minutes.  As soon as my friend and I sat down, an influx of customers came to the restaurant.  This place can get packed quickly!   Just to warn you, BLT Burger is not a place to go to when you are watching your calorie intake.  lol!  The tempting milkshakes are loaded with calories but they're so good!  I ordered the Classic BLT Burger with Fries and the Mocha Mudslide Milkshake.  I was in heaven!  The classic burger and fries were fine but the Mocha Mudslide Milkshake was the winner.  I love Oreos! This milkshake had crushed Oreos in it and a whole Oreo was placed on top with chocolate syrup.   Our server was very friendly.  All the BLT Burger servers have cute quotes on the back of their black t-shirts.  The quote on my server's t-shirt was, "If you are what you eat, I am fast, cheap and easy."  He let me take a picture of the quote on his t-shirt! LOL!  The only thing I did not like about BLT Burger was the lack of privacy.  It is an open restaurant and I sat in one of the booths that was right next to the waiting line, which is pretty much in a hallway of The Mirage.  You can watch people come in and out of the hotel; however, it is quite uncomfortable when hungry people in the waiting line can watch you eat.
4	I had the Cowboy Burger (BBQ sauce on the side) ($13).  It was a fine burger and the ingredients were top notch quality.  4 stars because I requested it be cooked well done, however it came out medium well.  Also, this place has no restrooms.  You have to walk to the nearest one in the casino which is by the sports book.I am still not used to paying for side dishes that are typically included in a meal.  We ordered the waffle fries ($5) and they were way too salty.This is a great place for people watching.  Careful, the Sugar Factory is right across from BLT Burger and is super obnoxious with their loud music and flashing lights.
4	After the Love show in the Mirage, we came to grab a bite as a late dinner. BLT's and Burgers are two of my favorite things, so why not stop by BLT Burger?My friends shared the kobe slider trio, and all of them looked delicious! I was feeling a little healthy, so decided on the veggie falafel burger. It had hummus, avocado, veggies, on a whole wheat bun! Even my friends were shocked! But of course, we added on the fries. You have a choice of waffle fries, skinny fries, and fat fries. Of course, we decided to share waffle fries. Yummm!Overall, we were really happy with our food, although service was not as great as we had wished. Would come back again if I was in that area and feeling hungry!
5	Excellent food, fun atmosphere, reasonable prices - we'll be back.   Husband and I wanted a light dinner at 6pm on a Friday night.  Surprised there was no line but very glad about it :)  Hubby ordered a Double Barrel Float to start with (Jack Daniels, Root Beer, Vanilla Ice Cream.  We split the Cowboy Burger and Fat Fries as our meal.  I was really wanting to try the Double Dip (Cinnamon-Cardamom Sugar & Orange Blossom Glaze Doughnuts) for dessert but was just too full.  Fresh ingredients and everything cooked to order.  We'll definitely be back!
5	Went in for a late night snack. Had the strawberry milkshake and BBQ pork nachos. WOW. definitely the best of each Ive ever had. The milkshake was so smooth and frothy. Delicious. And the pork in the nachos was juicy and tender. Would definitely order this again.Service was quick, not very personal but hey, it was 12pm and we had a small quick order. Prices reasonable too for a hotel restaurant.
4	I went here after some good old drinking and gambling with friends at the Mirage. The burgers are definitely delicious. I ended up getting a classic burger, adding bacon (app. +$1.50) and getting fries in addition to that (app. $5.00). I ended up spending about $21 just by adding a combo with the fries and soda. Really silly to me how they would charge it like that. I mean, how can you have a burger without fries?It still gets a a 4 out of 5 because it was delicious. It was really well cooked and not sloppy like burgers you usually get at 85% of the places you visit
5	While traveling all over we seek out exceptional burger places this establishment is now in our top two! Goodness the place just didn't stop delivering exceptional quality! From the moment we entered our waitress, Stephanie, was incredible-funny, patient, kind, generous with information and stories, efficient, etc. Then there's the food. Are you kidding me?!?!?  The menu was aolmost over the top with possibilities! My husband decided to try the classic for a "true result of a quality burger". I had the Shaft's Blue Burger which has Shaft's blue cheese, mushrooms and caramelized onions. The blue cheese was just perfect-not too much or too little but gave a perfect punch! The true subject matter however is the quality of the burger--cooked to PERFECTION, juicy, flavorful, absolute quality! I also got the waffle fries which were again cooked perfectly-crisp and tender, seasoned just right-yum!  This won't be our last visit to BLT Burgers and was a great way to enjoy our stay at the Mirage!Other Menu Items: Kobe Slider Trio, BBQ Nachos, Waffle Bites (topped with cheddar, sourt cream, bacon and pickled jalapenos), 5-Spice Chinese Chicken Salad, BLT Burger (7 oz burger with double smoked bacon), American Kobe burger, Lamb Tandoori burger, Turkey Burger, Buffalo Chicken burger, Veggie Falafel Burger, Salmon burger and a BBQ Brisket plus about 15 milkshakes!!! (this is only a PARTIAL list of the ordering options)
4	We came here for the falafel burger, because I'm a vegetarian and love falafel... and we were staying at the Mirage. We were happy with our choice! We started with the mozzarella sticks. They came out quickly and were really gooey inside. A very yummy consistency! The sauce that came with it was "meh" and rather watery. You could tell that the sticks were homemade.We both got the falafel burgers, and waffle fries. I asked the waiter for a recommendation on what kind of fries to get (thick, thin, sweet potato, or waffle) and he recommended the waffle. We both got those, too. The falafel burger was a patty, rather than the typical "dumpling" style falafel. It lent itself to be a lot easier to eat. That being said, it was huge! It came with hummus and avocado on it, but the hummus wasn't really hummus. It was like pico de gallo! This threw us both off, as we hate onions. We scraped it off. I had a side of ranch and added that to my sandwich. It was yummy! Flavorful, and the bun nice and soft. I really enjoyed it!The service was good, but not too friendly. That being said, I appreciated our waiter's efficiency. We'd definitely go back if we were nearby!
4	I don't know why everyone is being a dick to this place when rating it. Maybe, when they write a review, they start cackling over some sort of fucking power trip by giving this place low stars and making everybody on Yelp look at it. What an asshole.Because everything that they said about this place, "rude service", "undercooked or low quality food", "burnt fries", are a whole load of bullshit. This place is GREAT. I have been here about 6 times so far, tonight being my 7th and I love their service and the items on their menu.Take for example, the "Twinkie Boy Shake". Somehow, and I don't know how, they managed to blend the white part of the twinkles with a vanilla ice cream milkshake, and then OVERSTUFFED the cup with whipped cream and left a half of a twinkie sitting on the top. It tastes and looks so delicious that it reminds me of the Hash House Agogo's cappuccinos, drizzled with mocha sauce and melted marshmallows. It is so overloaded with twinkie creamy awesomeness, that bits of the cream starts dripping over the side of the glass if you don't drink it fast enough. And you can use it to cover up the "blue cheese breath" if you order one of their nommy burgers. Tastes good, and makes your breath smell sugary and sweet for your date. The waitresses and waiters in every one of our visits are talkative and friendly. They know what they are working and busting their ass for, our tips. So maybe it isn't their "rude service", its that you are a narcissistic douche that wants to find flaws in everything. I hate butthurt reviewers. The only gripe I have against this place is that the bill adds up pretty fast. Burgers are about $10-15 bucks, but if you order a coke, beer, or shake that bill goes up to $22 a person. Don't forget, those "Spiked Shakes" with alcohol inside run for about $12 a piece.
2	I really wanted to like BLT Burger as I love gourmet hamburgers, but I was really let down by this place.  The service was great and we received our drinks and food rather quickly.  They have many varieties of burgers to choose from.  It's $13 for a plain cheeseburger and when I say plain, that is what it is.  No special sauce, no mayo, just a bun, burger, lettuce, cheese, tomato, onion and pickle.  It wasn't horrible, but I guess I was expecting a little more flavor for $13.  You get a half of a pickle with your burger and if you want fries, it's an additional $5.  My daughter ordered the corndog and it seemed a bit smaller than your average sized dog.  They did provide her with more than enough fries that she was able to share with me.  I found their skinny fries to be rather good and not too crispy or burnt.  Our bill was $84 including tip for 3 burgers, 1 fry, 1 corndog and drinks.  A bit steep for a mediocre lunch.
3	We were in the area and needed something to eat. Rather than consult Yelp and then figure out which hotel an eatery is located at (especially in the midday heat), we looked around for a place with a long line and decent looking food and BLT fit the bill. Despite the moniker including the word "burger", we only opted to try both a salad and a burger - specifically the vegetarian falafel burger and the citrus salmon salad. We went with the server's recommendation of the fat fries. The falafel burger was literally a crunchy falafel patty tucked inside a burger. Generally speaking, it was pretty good though I think they could find a new burger bun supplier as that fell a little short. This is very filling and somewhat heavy, so we were glad we went 50-50 and split the salad and the burger. The salad was surprisingly good since this is a burger joint. The salmon was seasoned well and had a nice char to it without being overcooked. The salad was dressed well and the lettuce and avocadoes were fresh and light. The fries were definitely fat and seasoned; since I don't really care for seasoned fries, I only had a few pieces. I noticed most people just split an order of fries (or whatever fried item) since the portion is fairly sizeable. For what it's worth, it seemed like only the skinny fries were not seasoned. I would also caution against the onion rings as some of the orders I saw around me were clearly burnt with black patches on the onion rings themselves. This is the first time I've ever seen burnt onion rings. I think the waffle fries were also on the very well-done side since they were very brown and hard (like a board), based on what I saw at other tables. The sweet potato fries looked okay, however. Service was okay and not particularly attentive, though in their defense, this place is very busy. We had to flag people down for more water and it took about 10 minutes before anyone came to take our order, even though we had closed our menus and were clearly looking around for a server. Pricing is about average for Vegas, meaning high compared to similar places elsewhere in the U.S.
4	A few thoughts --1.  The only cheaper eats in the Mirage that is NOT out by the pool OR in cigarette smoke.2.  Best tap beer in the Mirage.  (Walk up to STACK or the bar at KOKOMOS.  No tap.  Mind boggling.  Party CITY and no tap.  You can't explain it either, can you?)3.  Not everything on the menu is good.  Lamb and Turkey burgers not to die for, for which for these prices and location should be.4.  Many items are crazy delicious. 5.  I had missed the CRAVINGS BUFFET breakfast and dreamed that BLT would offer a breakfast sandwich for us late risers.  While I was dreaming I discovered they did.  WOW.  (Regrettably, the sandwich is salt laden as the homemade pototo hash brown is grease laden.  I'd ask for them to put the meat on the side and serve simple french fries.)6.  A year or two ago I felt service and cleanliness lacked.  Sometimes a restaurant is such a hit it can actually HURT the restaurant.  Apparently new management has arrived to save the day, because service was again solid and the place was spotless.7.  BLT Burger wasn't the first strip burger joint, but it was one of the new modern joints and set a solid standard.  It's impossible to be the best burger place anywhere anyhow but it is definitely one of the better.  And so if you're walking by and need to grab a bite in the Mirage, a good choice.  Especially late night.OH WAIT!!!  I ALMOST FORGOT!!!8.  You're not a red meat person.  You don't want a fattening meal at 1AM.  You want a snack with protein.   TRY THE FISH TACOS.  Not Los Angeles authentic but very tasty in their own right.  Honest.
4	This is located at the Mirage.  Came here for lunch and chose this place because there was no line.  We werent in the mood for burgers for some reason.  We ordered sweet potatoe fries which was the best and fried pickles.  I ordered the "nut job" shake which consists of nutella my fave.  This was the best!!
4	Nice place with pretty good service and food. The two times we went to BLT our order was screwed up somehow. Staff was friendly and took care of it both times without issue. The burgers, onion rings, and shakes are very tasty.
4	Met my gal pal for lunch.  We shared fried pickles, a toasted marshmallow shake, and waffle fries, and we each ordered a burger.  Bill was $45 - we were stuffed!The fried pickles were the absolute best I have ever had - EVER.  They were melt in your mouth, hot, juicy, and phenomenally excellent!  $6 and the portion was way more than fair!  I would go back just for a drink and fried pickles any ole time.Shake was tasty.  Blended chunks of perfectly blackened marshmallow inside.   They very kindly split the shake into two cups for us and garnished each with a toasted marshmallow and a big straw for sucking ease!  1/2 a shake was more than enough for this girl!My burger was excellent.  I ordered a burger off the menu but made several changes/substitutions and it was no problem.  I ordered it medium rare and it came out perfect.  Dripped iron flavored bloody meat juice onto my plate with every bite.  yum.  It had spicy tobasco crunchy onions, bacon, cheddar cheese and so on. Our service was friendly and nice.  We didn't see very much of him but we got everything we needed.  It was expensive but that is to be expected.  I'd go again and I'm recommending it to others.  I'll add it to my list of super excellent burgers in Vegas.
3	The food here is worth the return. Please assure that you have saved up your calories for the week/points as the shakes are simply wonderful!
3	Another burger restaurant to add to the world. Were the burgers good? Yes. Was it anything special? No.The fries were of very nice display as they are placed inside a cup of some sort and wrapped perfectly in wax paper. But style is not as important as substance my friend.The wait is long (not as long as Burger Bar) but out of all of the restaurants that are available within the Mirage and at that specific segment of the hotel (I think there was a subway or something lol), this seemed to be the most interesting out of the bunch. Glad I experienced another nice burger place, but not enough to be left craving for it again. Try it if your stuck at the MIrage!
5	Best burger in Vegas!  Get the Kobe (I think they changed the name, but it's Kobe beef).  The wait staff are like most in Vegas - inattentive with too many customers - but don't let that steer you away.  Awesome burger.  Too good for cheese or catchup; keep it simple.
4	Shaft's Blue - 7oz. grilled CAB* (certified Angus beef), shaft's bleu vein cheese, balsamic caramelized onion, and mushrooms literally satisfied my craving in every way.  I love onions, I love mushrooms, I love beef, and I love bleu cheese.  I can't think of a better way to kickoff the vacation.    Service was slow because the server kind of sucked even though the place was pretty dead however, I'm not going to let minor annoyances ruin my Vegas experience because this was the first thing I put in my mouth in Vegas.The caramelized onions were done right, I honestly could not taste nor see the mushrooms unfortunately, the bleu cheese was tangy and smooth, and I must say that I asked for my burger rare and it came out rare.  To me this is a tad on the pricey side since the burgers do not come w/ any sides.
1	Despite looking like a modern twist on a burger place, BLT Burger was the most disappointing thing about our trip to Vegas.    The staff is rude and just too cool to pay you any mind whatsoever.  After sitting for 10 minutes, our waiter (who barely spoke English) took our order.My wife got the bleu cheese burger while I got the Cowboy burger.  She ordered hers medium well and I got mine medium.  The waiter got that backwards and we had to send them both back.When we finally did get served, hers was nearly inedible with the amount of bleu cheese that was on there.  It also had no texture: soft all the way through with no lettuce or tomato for some crunch.  My Cowboy Burger was better, although the barbecue sauce they use is way too spicy. I got the skinny (shoestring) fries which were so overdone as to be nearly teeth-breaking potato chips.  She got the thick fries (wedges) which were covered in that orange special seasoning some places use.We sent her burger back again and she didn't eat.  They took her burger off the bill - acting like they were doing us a great favor - so the final tab with my burger, two fries and two diet cokes was over $30 (soft drinks $3.50 each!).They advertise 'combos' on the menu, but that only covers the classic burger and the turkey burger.Best thing about the place - the bench seats were the most comfortable I have ever sat on.  Other than that, avoid at all costs (and it will cost).
1	The visit to BLT Burger was on the night of my 1 year anniversary and a quick stop for drinks and possibly a burger.  Upon entering this establishment it seemed promising.  The host which we found out was a UFC fighter, but above all the ONLY pleasant employee in BLT Burger.  Since we were pressed for time, I decided to just have a couple drinks while Dave had a Turkey Burger and we both agreed that we were going to sit at the bar for faster service.  The bartender I think her name was Jessica, not too sure she was the only one not wearing a name tag came over to us and with the grouchiest face and attitude asked us what we wanted to drink.  Being from Michigan, I was debating between a Michigan beer or a Guinness and as she stood there arms folded, rocking between her left leg and right leg, huffing, and making me feel like I was wasting her precious time, I finally said "I am sorry can you please give me a moment"  She very loudly huffed a huge sigh and walked away......never to return again.  I had to flag down a guy and we gave him our entire order, after placing our roder with him he proceeded to wash down the counter and either he smelled like major B.O. or the rag he was using was EXTREMELY dirty!!  It was the most disgusting thing I have smelled in a restaurant....we also ended up sitting next to the condiment tray, you know with the fruit and what not, every time it opened fruit flies came out.  While waiting for our order I did notice that not one single employee in the entire restaurant had a smile on, not one person tried talking to customers after their meals were dropped off, and while sitting at the bar not one person ever bothered to talk to us.  Our food was dropped off, dried up burger and burnt onion rings.  I am not impressed at all.....finally Jessica came up after the meal and asked us this time with a smile, "would you like some dessert?"  My response...."I would never order anything from you or this place again!"  We left and I will never eat here again, Bad service, bad food, and just overall bad atmosphere!  There are better places to spend that kind of money where people will be more than happy to provide better service.....the only bad part of my 1 year anniversary.
3	If I could have added a half star I would have. It wasn't that BLT Burger was bad....it was just ok. My husband and I took the kids to see the tigers at the Mirage and decided to take them to dinner as well. We chose BLT Burger because it looked and sounded kid friendly (it was loud and there were other kids inside) we were taken to a table as soon as we walked in but it took a good 10 minutes for our waiter to come over. They had a kids menu, which was great, but there was NO BURGER on the kids menu (all they had was chicken fingers, corn dog and grilled cheese) but my son wanted a burger (hence the name BLT Burger) and we had to pay the adult price for the classic burger and extra for the cheese he wanted.I ordered the chili and it was AMAZING (I give it 5 stars) a great portion and perfect amount of spice. My husband had BBQ chicken nachos and he said they were good as well.His burger came out incorrectly made...he had added sauteed onions and mushrooms but they were no where to be found.All in all the service was a little slow and the food was just OK and for the prices on the burgers I expected more.....not sure if I will return or just stick to good old In n Out Burger.
3	It wasn't horrible and it wasn't mind-blowing. Average burger with steep prices (well, you are in Vegas). We were really hungry and on our way to the Secret Garden at the Mirage. Limited combo options, if you choose a special burger then the price of the friesa and drink skyrocket the bill. The milkshake was dense and tasty, but half the cup was frosting (which I don't really care for). Simple and clean presentation. The server was timely and attentive. She didn't hover too much or ignore us. I liked the house pickles (mild brine). Honestly, for the price, I would have rather paid for a restaurant experience at a Master Chef restaurant or something.
2	We had a group of 5. We each got a different burger, a little pricey for a burger and it was fair. My brother got the 'american kobe beef' and his patty was way over-seasoned. My burger was cooked to order. We each got a side order: thin fries, onion rings, sweet potato fries, and waffle fries. The waffle fries were okay... chic-fil-a is still better (lol), my sweet potato fries were over-seasoned, by the end I was scraping off the seasoning before eating them. I do have to say that they were cooked correctly, I've had them over-cooked and dry and under-cooked and floury/chalky tasting. The onion rings were salty. It was a good amount of onion rings, but they were salted on the outside, which I thought was weird... never had salty onion rings.. We did enjoy the chocolate milk shake, tasted like chocolate ice cream with chocolate whipped cream (yum!).Service: We waited for 5-10 mins before our waitress acknowledged us, then after ordering, our food came out 30 mins if not more later, the waitress never came back to ask if we needed anything else until she wanted us to cash out... and the restaurant wasn't really full or anything.I probably wouldn't go back to eat at this place, pricey burgers... i've definitely had better.
4	I freakin' love this place! Considering that most places in Vegas and especially ones in the casinos are expensive, BLT is actually inexpensive compared to everything else around it yet it serves a couple of the best tasting burgers I have ever had in my life.I tend to venture around looking for good food with even better deals but during this time in Vegas, my friend and I went to BLT three times throughout our stay cause the food was just that good.I would go classic/traditional for your first time (if you're a lay burger-connoisseur like I am) and if they can nail it with something traditional, pretty much anything else on the menu would be to your liking.  They're pretty creative with their recipes and they don't mess up or slack off with the classics. Go with the waffle fries ;) ;)The service is also great and accommodating and the t-shirts the staff wears are pretty funny with their burger-related puns.
3	Just cruising around the Mirage late night after some gambling. Decided we should probably eat something at some point. Just saw this place and went in for a burger. They have a wide variety of specialty burgers. Including the lamb vindeloo burger. Which defintly caught my eye. It was a well cooked burger with lots of flavor. I wouldn't say its my favorite in the world but it was good. I liked the option of waffle fries and several other side options. The service was ok not great. But at 1 in the morning what do you really expect? I can see coming here again and trying other options for sure.
4	Delicious burger, quick service, and good wait staff - but prepare to pay a little more than you'd expect for it.
1	I was at BLT Burger on September 21st and the service was HORRIBLE.  When we first arrived, we weren't greeted by the hostess and when she sat the party in front of us, there was no smile or eye contact.  My party decided to sit at the bar and it took a long time to get the bartender/waitresses attention.  When we finally did get her attention, she was condescending and unfriendly (her co-worker was equally unfriendly).  We decided to leave a 2% tip due to lack of compassion and service.  With the high prices and poor customer service, I would not recommend BLT Burger to anyone and I won't be back either.
4	I was impressed with this unusual but great burger joint inside Mirage. I had a lamb burger that was out of sight, and tasty criss cut fries. The service was fast and friendly, ANC the beer was ice cold and complimented the burger well. The only thing holding this place back from a fifth star the price.
3	Try the toasted marshmallow shake - was something I'd go back for.  In fact next week!The orange blossom doughnuts with the shake- to die for.  Put them together and you are like, OH MY HELL this this good!I had the vegie burger with wheat bun.  It was good. Not sure that the fries were worth eating.  But my son said his burger was pretty good.I haven't decided if the food is worth the prices but it's good food for sure.Service was great.  They were not terribly busy tho'.  But everyone is nice and friendly !Decor is ranch themed. I didn't get any beer )-:
4	We stumbled upon BLT since we were staying at The Mirage. Even though it was packed, we didn't have to wait for a table.Awesome burger combinations! The meat was fabulous. I had a chicken sandwich with avocado and pesto - HEAVEN. The pesto was perfect, the chicken was juicy and plump, and the avocado? Oh so fresh.My husband had a burger. Gimme. The meat was also juicy, flavorful, and rich. They didn't season it a bunch which I appreciated. It allowed the natural flavors to shine!Their sweet potato fries were killer and while I didn't have a shake, they looked equally as divine. We loved it so much we came back Sunday afternoon for lunch! That time, I had the chopped vegetable salad - holy massive portion!Reasonable prices for Vegas, fresh ingredients! How can you go wrong?
5	The original in NYC is legit and so is this outpost. Since you definitely need a reason to visit the Mirage, this is it! All the burgers are good, and the BBQ Nachos appetizer are an interesting take on the classic. Reasonable prices for Vegas too, check it out.
5	Went here the last time we were in Vegas and it was great so we decided to try it out again.  So we went last night and the food was AMAZING!  Did not disapoint.  I had the mother fluffier shake (toasted marshmallow) and my husband had the spiked root beer!  So good!  The burgers are outstanding.  I did the turkey burger and added Swiss and mushrooms.  Sooo good!  It's at The Mirage.
4	2 words...Falafel burger...
5	BLT Burger is such a great restaurant, my boyfriend and I ate there twice in our five-day vacation in Vegas!  It is located in the Mirage, and I am sure we will be back!I was glad our server recommended the Patty Melt Burger from their daily special menu... it was a burger beef patty with apple wood smoked bacon, swiss cheese melted perfectly, their BLT sauce, all between two pieces of thick cut rye bread.  And I just love a burger place that asks me how I would like my burger, to which I responded medium, and that is exactly what the server recommended.It was a perfect, melty, juicy burger.  I am confident everything on their menu has to be fantastic.  My boyfriend had the original burger, and enjoyed his.  We shared a hard milkshake which was AMAZING. It was called the "Night Rider," chocolate milkshake with oreo cookie crumbles and kaluha.  The shake alone was so amazing that I came back the next day and ordered one to-go from their convenient to-go counter.  Although I think you get more of the shake if you dine-in, I thoroughly appreciated the portability.The other occasion we came to BLTs, I ordered a Wagyu beef burger... it was like eating a steak it was so good.  I ordered it with cheddar cheese and it was wonderful.  They also offer deep fried oreos on the menu... didn't get a chance to try them! I also like the clever saying on the waiters'/waitresses' shirts that said "Tip Waiters not Cows."  Great service and awesome food.
4	I came to this place very hungry, and it was well worth it! My only regret is that I didn't try a shake - they looked AMAZING! They are famous for their BLT burger...which I did not try (I know, I'm lame). But the burger I did have was awesome! Their fries are perfectly crisp, and their BBQ nachos (sounds weird I know) are awesome. Just awesome. I would go back just for those. They don't have frozen drinks, however they do have a decent selection at their bar for drinkage. The atmosphere is very casual - a mix between a sports bar and diner (sort of...more the sports bar). My only complaint was that our service was pretty slow. But otherwise, I would most definitely come back for more of this delicious goodness!
4	Friendly, attentive service; pretty good food.In the two times I've been here, my bf and I ordered a brisket burger, the BBQ nachos, the Cowboy burger, and waffle fries.  The food was good, especially considering it's a fast food sit-down.  We will definitely return!
3	The shakes here are DEFINITELY a 4 or 5 star, but the burgers were just okay to good, and the service wasn't very good at all, so I dropped it down to a 3. Caution: It's SUPER loud and cramped in this place...definitely not a romantic setting whatsoever! Food: They have pre-built "meals" if you want with a regular burger, fries, and a milkshake for $24. That's really really expensive for a burger to me...I could get TWO buffets for that!!! Their fries were average, and to me, my "regular" burger was only average as well. My husband got the Cowboy Burger and thought it was very good, so maybe my problem was that I didn't get a specialty burger. Shakes: They had a TON of cool concoctions here, and so the 4 of us all got something different. I got the Lunchbox Shake which was inspired by a peanut butter and jelly sandwich...OMFG it tasted EXACTLY like one and I LOVEDDDD it!! I'm ready to go back right now for another. Our friend got the Mother Fluffer shake which was marshmallow and she just about fainted she loved it so much...she still chants its name. Our other friend got the Double Barrel float which was Jack Daniel's and rootbeer float. His was our least favorite of the group. My husband got the Bad Moon Rising which was Blue Moon beer and orange sherbert....holy baby Jesus it was SO good! We are planning on making our own of this one! What a great idea since you put oranges in that beer anyways! Service: It was busy, but the annoying thing was our waitress didn't think she had to "write" down our orders. Instead of just writing them down like a normal person, she tried to remember them, but then she had to keep coming back and asking us to repeat them. That's freaking irritating! GET A PAPER PAD AND PEN WOMAN, you're a WAITRESS it's like...the standard tools of the job!!! Was she doing it to show off? Because all she showed was that she had the memory of a goldfish. All in all, we will TOTALLY be back for shakes to go, but I don't think I'd return for a sit-down meal. I'd rather go to Serendipity were the food is just as good, but there's more choices and a way cuter atmosphere!
4	Fun atmosphere and pretty good burgers. Service was great, we kept having people join our table and they were very accommodating.
5	My wife and I have come here on a couple of occasions when we were out in Vegas and it has always been good. The most recent visit we ordered the lamb tandori burger, if you like lamb do yourself a favor and try this burger, the sauce is great and the burger was cooked great. We also had the seasonal pumpkin pie milkshake, that was fantastic as well.
3	Another cool looking busy burger place in Vegas.  The menu selection is great and once again the burgers look and sound great, but just taste average.  As always we sampled the fries and onion rings and they were ok.  The star of this place just like Holsteins are there big delicious milkshakes!  Forget the burger and fries just get two shakes!
2	Had dinner at BLT last night before the LOVE show. The food was just ok. Not somewhere I would go out of my way to eat at again.
5	Three words....deep fried pickles. I just came in for a late night snack, and this was amazing. You can't possibly imagine what this tastes like, but it's pretty freaking awesome. It's also a very cool upbeat diner, with authentic diner food and FAT desserts. Just imagine vanilla ice cream drenched in buttery syrup with chocolate mousse and brownies.
4	Saturday morning, not wanting to eat in our hotel, Jeff and I took the tram over from TI to the Mirage.  We stumbled upon BLT, when we saw the line for the Carnegie deli.  BLT has cool decor.  The floor and ceilings are made from ends of different sized pieces of wood, think 2x4s cut off at different ends.  It makes for interesting textures on the ceiling. The floor has a similar motif, but all the same size and polished to look like tile.  In the rear, there is a grill area with brick red shiny tile, flanked by huge black and white murals of the desert.  We were seated in a booth.  The table with kinda low for the height of the booth seats.  Our waitress was excellent.  She was helpful and pleasant.  Her recommendations were spot on.  Jeff and I split an order of onion rings and a bleu cheese burger.  The burger had carmelized onions and bleu cheese.  They were in the right proportion for the burger.  I didn't eat my part of the bun, but I really enjoyed it.The onion rings were terrible.  The waitress admitted that they were frozen.  I get that, but serving cold fried things is just gross. I also ordered a bowl of chili.  At first, I wasn't impressed.  I make a mean pot of chili.  But, the more I ate it, the more I liked it.  The little slice of cornbread that came with it was pretty good, too.  The wait staff all wore really funny t-shirts.  If they had my size, I would have bought a few.  I want to go back for the late night breakfast special!
2	Overrated, boring and overpriced.  Other than all that, it's awesome!The burgers are just ok.  Here is a little tip to the cook: try salting the meat.  It works wonders.  Special tip:  feel free to use the shaker with the word "salt" on it.  I know burgers are not your specialty here so you get a free pass on this one.  Oh wait, the joint is called "BLT Burger?"  Good grief.  The "adult" milkshakes were also boring.  If I cannot tell if there is any booze in the drink, then really, I have seriously paid way too much for a nice milkshake that costs at least twice what I should have paid.I am also not impressed with the location.  Maybe it is just me, but I like my restaurant to feel just a little bit independent and closed-off from the hotel it is located in.  This place just opens up right into the hotel and does not make you (or at least me) feel like I am part of a unique dining experience, especially when I can see the dorks toting their yard beers walking by.  Tried it once, shame on them.  I won't be burned again.
3	This was another one of the establishments located within our hotel (The Mirage) so  we chose to frequent it when nothing else was either available or within walking distance.  The food was that bad - we rolled with the fried pickles as an appetizer because really....is there anything else better than fried pickles whilst drunk?  I kid and digress.....they were delicious as to be expected so no complaints there.  I believe I ordered the salmon burger once and the turkey burger the second time around and have no complaints.  The salmon burger was very good.  The turkey burger was ok but definitely did not trump the salmon.  The service....well, it could use some love.  Our first server was just ok - nothing spectacular....got the job done with minimal effort.  The second server was negligent and took forever to get refills and all the basics.  Not impressed at all with that whole piece.The place is pricey - no argument there.  The burgers go from $12-17 and most apps start around the $8-11 range.  The portion sizes were fine on both courses but still a bit steep all things considered....it is a burger joint after all.  That being said - if you want a burger and don't feel like leaving the resort.... check it out.  Otherwise, look around at other options while staying in Vegas.  Three stars is about as high as good as it gets for this place.
4	This place packs a helluva burger...and by helluva I mean huge packed with meat cheese, bacon and everything in between. I ordered their Bacon burger with cheese medium rare, because that's the only way you can have a nice juicy burger with a little bit of pink oozing out. Their fries were also top-notch.If you're a big eater they have a wide selection of shakes that you can pick from.The ambiance is trendy with walls and ceilings covered in cut wood surrounding the space with a nice 3D tile effect. Their are plenty of great burger places on the strip and this is one of them!
4	The Waffle Fries was over-fried...The chicken wings with honey ginger sauce were a little awkward...The burgers tasted normal...The waiters were just okay...
2	Hostesses were busy talking and giggling with one another when we arrived.  Took a couple of minutes before they acknowledged us.  We were the only ones in line at the time, so it isn't like they didn't see us due to a crowd in front in of them.Service was really slow.  Took a good 10 minutes before we even saw our waiter. Waiter was competent and pleasant. Others seemed more trying to impressing the other for a hookup later on.We ordered the fried pickles $9.00, and each had the #1 burger combo $16.50 with cheese for an additional $1.00.  Combo basket consists of 7oz burger, fries and soda.The fried pickles were okay. Nothing to write home about. About 9 pieces, so a buck a chip.  They're fried chips with a batter coating in case your wondering. Burgers were good. I'll admit it.  However, I've had just as good for a hell of a lot cheaper. Fries were nothing special.The kicker, and two star rating, was when we got the check.  We were charged $3.50 apiece for 8oz refills of flat diet coke. The wife did not even ask for a refill.  It just showed up. Really? Seriously? In fact the price for sodas didn't even appear to be listed on the menu.  I was willing to pay extra for 'Black Angus' special ground burgers, but the slow service and $3.50 for a refill of flat diet code ruined everything. We will not be back.
4	I had the BLT burger, sweet potato fries, and a Mocha Mudslide Milkshake. It was all delicious and extremely filling. Service was pretty good, the waitress, Tracey, was super nice but it took a while for her to take our order. I only give it 4 stars because its nothing superb but still a great place!
4	Being from Los Angeles, we have so many trendy burger places popping up that use all sorts of random, fancy ingredients.  These places tend to be 'hit or miss' with me, as I never know if I am going to like their secret ingredients that make their burgers so special.  What I liked about eating at BLT Burger was that most of their selection was made up of standard ingredients that you can find at most burger places.  BLT Burger separates itself from other places by using high quality products instead of obscure ingredients to create unique, tasty flavors.  My meal here consisted of a BLT burger and sweet potato fries.  The burger was very good.  All of the ingredients tasted fresh and very flavorful.  The sweet potato fries were a bit too shriveled, and I would have preferred for them to be chunkier.  However, they were still very good, and my wife kept raving about them.  I also noticed a lot of people ordering shakes, and I probably would have done the same if it wasn't such a cold day.  They looked amazing, and seemed to be a very popular item.  The next time I go back, I will get a shake for sure.I really enjoyed my meal at BLT Burger.  It was nice to have a really good burger with out all of the trendy hype.  I can't wait to have BLT Burger again the next time I am in Vegas!
3	This is a nice place for a no fuss group lunch/dinner. A group of 7 of us went on a sunday around 7:30 and we didn't even have to wait for a table. The menu provides a few salads, a variety of burgers, and sides. It's a little pricey for what it is, but by vegas standards I would say it's decent; with most burgers ranging from $12-$14. I also like that they have fun milkshake flavors including nutella, oreos, etc and they even have spiked ones with rum, baileys, etc.I tried a few of the things my friends got like the tex mex burger, chicken wings, and sweet potato frieds. Those were just okay. I really really enjoyed what I got, but I did have to do a little customization. I ordered the black n' chicken burger, but i substituted chicken for a burger patty. I also got it without a bun to offset the damage I did at buffets. The burger was cooked medium rare like I asked and the toppings were delish. It came with provolone, horseradish cole slaw, and tobacco flavored crispy onions.
2	Had the American Kobe burger.  Not impressed. Unevenly cooked, pretty dry. Lots of lettuce, tomato, onion, but 1 pickle.    Not worth $17.
2	Milkshakes were very good.. I had the all-nighter, and my girlfriend had the mocha mudslide . Both were expensive, but a good size.. A little bigger would have been nice for the price. The burgers were not good. We had a party of three and all three burgers were just not good. I had the special brisket burger, it was super dry and had no taste. I had to ask for cup of BBQ sauce because it was bone dry (asked for medium). Others in my party had the Mexican burger and just a plain hamburger and both claimed that they were nothing special. Burgers don't come with fries, you have to pay extra which is unheard of these days. Combo options are not a good idea as you are limited to three very boring burgers.Our waitress was attentive and checked on us multiple times during the meal. Overall this place wasn't cooked up to be the great burger place it makes itself out to be. I wouldn't return, and advise if you are specifically looking for a good burger to go elsewhere.
3	So the hottie and I are stayin at the Mirage and we get the munchies around 1 a.m.  We ordered burgers to go so I went downstairs to pick it up and take it to our room.I orderd the bbq beef brisket burger.  The brisket was a tad dry, could have used a bit more bbq sauce.  But  I found the burger to be pretty tasty and had a lot of elements to it.  It had some of the grain mustard apple slaw to give it a nice bit of that sweet horseradish flavor and there were also bits of onion strings for a little crunch and some jalapeno for sourness and heat.  The hottie ordered a salmon burger.  I only took one bite and again found it to be a bit dry.  French fries were excellent.  Horseradish cole slaw was good.
4	I came here last time I was in Vegas, and I came back again cause it is that good!! I don't actually eat burgers lol, so my review is really focusing on the milk shakes.  I've had the mother fluffer both times I came now and it is so freaking delicious.  My husband had the lunch box milkshake and he loved it too.I had the Caesar salad for actually food - it was good, nothing unbelievable.  My husband had the classic burger and also said it was good but not the best ever.The milk shakes are so good though, and so are the fries, so go for those and you will be happy!!
4	Tasty!I'm a returning customer to BLT burger because they have one of the best burgers and shakes I've had in Vegas.
4	I have been to BLT burger 3 times and really enjoy each meal I have had.  Talk about doing a burger right!!!  And whether you get the thin or thick cut fries, you will not be diasppointed.  I have taken friends to this location and also get rave reviews.  The only downfall, is because they are so good, you can expect to wait to be seated.  But please believe me...it's worth the wait!
4	Whenever I walk by this joint, it always looks poppin. There's usually a line outside and everyone eating looks happy munching down burgers and shakes. On a night before drinking at the Rhumbar, we decide to stuff our stomachs somewhere close and convenient. Short line and 5 minutes later, we're about to order:Turkey Burger with bacon and a fried egg. That's my GO TO burger at these customized burger places. Maybe throw some grilled onions on there too. This burger was a good sized meal. The turkey was somewhat overcooked. The flavors were there. Nothing overly spectacular.Skinny Fries - They're regular sized fries but lower in calories most likely. They were decent.It's above average food for above average prices. But location is convenient and, hours are good, and it's a better option than the hotel food court.
3	Great little rest stop along the strip. Numerous selections in burger styles. I highly recommend the chili burger.
3	Dinner while surrounded by tables of rodeo fans, with country music in the air, bull riding championship and football airing on TV, and a beefy burger in hand.  I have to say - I couldn't help feeling a little manlier after eating at BLT Burger!Similar to Holstein's in the Cosmopolitan, BLT Burger serves up a variety of specialty burgers and alcohol-infused shakes in a casual yet trendy atmosphere.  The menu also includes alternatives like salads and a variety of starters/appetizers (and desserts!), but let's be honest - the burgers and drinks are all you really need!Although the menu offered more unique varieties (like the Lamb Tandoori burger),  I kept it simple with the BLT BURGER (Double Smoked Bacon, Lettuce, Tomato, and BLT Burger Sauce...$13), and added Monterey Jack Cheese (+$1.00) and a Fried Egg (+$1.50).  However, looking back on it now, I suspect my order was flipped with my friend's since I don't remember getting any lettuce or tomato in mine.  In any case, whatever burger I had was still pretty good (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/blt-burger-las-vegas?select=VZ1VhnLdQzaVWhnHd2tobA#15VvfHSg8YpS4B9oUo17dg).  It was cooked exactly as ordered, had a decent char, and it was still fairly moist (though not quite juicy).  The patty could have used a little more seasoning, but it was fine given the egg, cheese, and bacon (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/blt-burger-las-vegas?select=VZ1VhnLdQzaVWhnHd2tobA#B-HfvbJeqjSZWBJZed4ZqA).  I wasn't a big fan of the buns though.Since the burgers don't include fries, our table decided to share orders of the ONION RINGS and the SWEET POTATO FRIES.  On both counts, they were fine, but not "must try" items either.  The Onion Rings were wrapped with a thick, crunchy batter (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/blt-burger-las-vegas?select=VZ1VhnLdQzaVWhnHd2tobA#LDHquMHWZfWsqRlFXtwBiQ), while the Sweet Potato Fries were nicely thin and crispy (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/blt-burger-las-vegas?select=VZ1VhnLdQzaVWhnHd2tobA#Gc1m4O_xOmTixEkSIRBikA).While I certainly wouldn't have a problem coming back to BLT Burger, I rounded down my THREE AND A HALF STARS if only because I'm not sure the value is there.  It's really not that expensive overall (especially for The Strip), but I'd rather go back to Holstein's since the fries are already included and their menu offerings are a bit more appealing.
4	An incredible hand-crafted burger.  The beef tasted incredibly fresh and the side of onion rings were equally fantastic.  Basically a wonderful place to start a night.  In fact our night included the Love Cirque Du Soleil which is being reviewed separately.
5	BLT is located at the Mirage, near Sportsbook.MY BOYFRIEND TO THE WAITRESS: "I'LL HAVE THE NUT JOB."Git your dirty minds outta the gutter!!!!!  It's not what you think!!!!  ;) BLT Burger may seem like your typical burgers, fries, and milkshake spot buuuuuut it really isn't. Their burgers and shakes are pretty fancy schmancy (yet reasonably priced) with different variations offered depending on the ingredients used.  Seating is a plenty and there's even a bar where you can watch either the multiple TVs OR you can watch the cooks cook and build your burger.My favorite 'burger' here is the Salmon ($14) consisting of Atlantic Salmon, Avocado, Red Onion, Watercress, and Zesty-Cayenne Tartar Sauce. Mine and my boyfriend's favorite milkshake here is The Nut Job ($7), hence my boyfriend asking the waitress for a Nut Job! It's made with Vanilla Ice Cream, Nutella, and Slivered Almonds. OMG, it's all yummy goodness!During our weekend stay in Vegas we ate here 3 times!!!  I ordered a different burger each time, but aside from the Salmon I can't remember the other ones I had (must've not made that much of an impression on me).  As for the fries, the burgers do not come with fries so me and my boyfriend shared, which was good since the burgers are pretty hefty.  Out of the skinny, fat, and waffle fries I preferred the waffle fries. Needless to say, I was strung out on burgers and fries after our 3rd time here, but we still couldn't get enough of the Nut Job. Before leaving Vegas my boyfriend was craving a Nut Job and so we took one to go.  If you happen to come to BLT, get the Nut Job: it's amazeballs! LOL.
3	Wandered to this place with the boy on one of our many Vegas trips because they had a bunch of TVs that were showing the football games (which we were hoping to catch during lunch). We were seated right away, and our server was nice and helpful.After a few minutes looking over their pretty straight forward menu, I decided to go with the Shaft Blue cause who can resist blue cheese, caramelized onions, and mushrooms!? For $13/burger, I would've expected something more irresistible. I know blue cheese has a distinct taste, but there was definitely something weird tasting about this burger. Since we had two people, we ordered a combo ($21 for a burger, fries, and a milkshake) along with a burger. Their strawberry milkshake is huge and quite delicious. It's quite better than the burger I had to eat, that's for sure.
2	After waiting for 20 minutes for our server to come wait on us, we asked the hostess for the manager....who did not show up. Another 10 minutes later our waitress shows up to take our order. It then takes another 20 minutes just to get our beverages....this went on the entire time. The Turkey burger was delicious, I will give it that. However, my friends "medium well" burger was practically moo-ing at her. We flagged the manager down who then proceeded to argue with her over whether her burger was cooked the way she ordered it. After arguing with her, he rudely stated he would have another one cooked for her....long story short, this was the utmost worst dining experience in regards to customer service I have ever encountered. The only reason they are receiving two stars from me is because my burger was delicious.
2	had their mozzarella sticks and their bbq brisket burger and several drinks I could not remember at this point if I wanted to.  mozz sticks were good, not spectacular but above average.bbq brisket burger was good  but WAS NOT a burger, it had NO HAMBURGER on it whatsoever.  They need to take this off the burger menu and call it a sandwich but as a sandwich was not bad at all, no where near the best ever but I was definitely let down by there being no hamburger.
1	DISAPPOINTING!The menu looks amazing and the atmosphere is cool. So we went in. MISTAKE....Dropping $50 on two burgers and one side to split was bad enough, but then they arrived at the table and things just kept going downhill. How you can top a burger with chili, jalapenos, cheese, onion and avacado and it still lacks in flavor is beyond me....but BLT accomplished just that. Now to be fair, the fried pickle appetizer was delicious.I loved the decore and if you like to people watch then this is a great spot, because it sits on a main walkway of The Mirage, so you see the foot traffic both coming and going. But as far as the food this was a huge miss.
4	We were lucky to have this place in our hotel on our last visit to Vegas. It was our first time staying at the Mirage Hotel and when we walked by this place, it looked like a great atmosphere and place to eat,  so we did. Our food was delicious, the drink menu was amazing (alcoholic shakes and floats!) and we had a great time. The only reason for giving it 4 starts instead of 5 was the wait time for the food. Even with a line, it didn't take long at all to be seated both times we went, but after ordering... the food did take a while. I'll still go back though... I need to try a float with alcohol! I was too full both times to try it when we went :)
3	A coworker and I came here while in town for a trade show.  The burger selection and combinations was impressive and while it wasn't cheap (what in Vegas is) I felt that it matched it price.  Nothing jumped out at me but I left full and satisfied.
2	This place sits literally in the doorway of the side entrance of the Mirage casino and is really just your average mediocre burger joint. Ordered some food here when I was drinking across the way at the Rhumbar which allows you to bring food in while you are drinking. The menu is a collection of forgetful selections and drinks and shakes etc. Typical greasy bar food and average burgers. The appetizers include baja tacos and fried dill pickles. Opted to order some of those and it was just okay. Nothing to write home about with steep prices and a place to skip to go 200 feet to the Carnegie Deli down the hall.
4	I have been here three times, but I think I'm over my BLT burger obsession now. This place gets mixed reviews, and I think it's really because some of the menu items are hit-or-miss. 5 stars for a lamb burger, fried pickles, and any of their milkshakes. 2 stars for most of the other burgers, I'd say. Fries are not bad... a bit too greasy for me. First of all, the lamb burger is the thing to order here. It is amazing. Delicious. Spectacular. From what I've gathered, the other burgers miss the mark. They just aren't as good, and are a tad disappointing. The fried pickles are so fantastic, they really hit the spot. I consider myself a connoisseur of fried pickles, and I put these somewhere in the top 3. It is also very hard to go wrong with alcoholic milkshakes... I will say that if you want a good old fashioned beef burger, Holstein's might be a better option.
4	While looking around The Mirage, my family and I decided to eat here for lunch. It was pretty empty, but an hour or so before we passed by and it was PACKED! Good thing we waited.Our food took a long time to arrive, which is why I'm giving this place four stars. But the food quality overrides the slow service. I split the pulled pork burger with my mom and it was kinda spicy, but very tasty. The fries were good as well.Overall, I'd go back and maybe get something in addition to a burger. I love mozzarella sticks so I need to try that next time.
4	I have always enjoyed my food at this restaurant!The menu seems to evolve and change a bit each time I have gone and typically that can be disheartening but in this case the new items seem to maintain the standard. I have had numerous burgers including a Ruben Burger with Pastrami on a Marble Rye. That burger was great! I have also had a Pulled Pork Sandwich and a Spicy Blue Cheese Burger. The Spiked Milk Shakes are great. I believe one is called Grandmas Treat or something near that and it was awesome. Service has always been solid and the food has always arrived as ordered!The only reason I did not give this place 5 stars is because of the price. Keeping in mind where this place is, I still think it is slightly overprice. All in all, I will suggest this place when in Vegas and I hope the group says yes...
4	Bleu burger with sweet potato fries was delicious. Perfectly cooked, well seasoned, and amazing balsamic caramelized onions. Friend had nachos that were crazy spicy and she didnt like and waiter comped them without any hesitation. Good place for late night.
5	Great burger!! Everything is fresh and you can taste it in ever bite!! My waitress was very nice and I would definitely go back. I got the classic combo with a milkshake $21.. Price-wise, it was not bad compared to the deli across the hall..
5	Came here on the recommendation of a friend to try the spiked Milkshakes, excellent, a must try if you stay or are near The Mirage.
1	One star for good food. Minus 4 stars for making you wait in line for 20 minutes while the tables in the restaurant are empty. If you're patient enough to wait, you'll get terrible service.
5	BLT burger is a must try, so good ate here two days in a row. Had the mozzarella and chicken wings all three flavors were yummy. The shakes are really goo too. Definitely eating here again on my next visit to vegas.
4	If you need a great place to eat late at night at the Mirage besides Carnegie Deli then BLT Burger is the answer.It has a very nice vibe to it and pretty hip located right next to the entrance going out to the strip and right across from Sugar Factory and Rhum Bar. This location use to be the viewing area for the white tigers when the Mirage opened but it has commercialized into Corporate Las Vegas, removing anything that is free with $$$. The food here is not cheap but for being on the strip, you'd know this is another touristy restaurant but that didn't stop me from eating here three times when I stayed in the Mirage. Service here was excellent and the burgers were delish! Just ordering a combo with onion rings and a lemonade just adds up to around $30! If you want to get quicker service without waiting for a table, then I suggest you go straight to the bar area and they can serve you right away, if you can find an open seat.
4	Definitely a better bet than KGB Burger across the street at Harrah's in terms of burger quality.  They're also open late, which is fantastic for a post-show or late-night snack.  Love their fries and their brisket sandwich, and I like sitting at the bar where it's a bit quieter than the main restaurant floor.  Happy to go there again!
4	If you are craving an amazing burger in Vegas then you need to come here! They have many selections of burgers found no where else. not to mention they have meat substitutions for each type of burger. If you like to spice up your milk shake or malts then this is where its at. They have alcoholic milk shakes perfect for the adult snack in Vegas. The shakes are a little pricey but I gaurentee you won't find them any where else in a restaurant on the strip.
4	I ordered a classic combo with a milkshake.  The berry milkshake was so yummy......I loved it!  My hamburger was smaller than I thought according to the pictures online but, the flavor was really good.  The service was also excellent!
2	My son who does not live in Las Vegas told me about BLT Burger and their milkshakes. He said they were some of the best milkshakes he had ever had. So I just had to hunt this place down and give it a try.When you get seated, which only took about ten minutes, you see there is not much to call decor. The restaurant is fairly plain but comfortable. It took quite some time before we were acknowledged or asked if we wanted some water. But they were very busy, so maybe that is a good excuse.When our order was taken I was a bit bothered by the burger combo. It was on the menu as a burger, fries and a shake. Well, you could only order one of the burgers to be in the combo because of the cost. You also had to select from the less expensive shakes for the combo. The other shakes were a dollar more, so the combo was a dollar more as well. You could get onion rings though. They were the same cost as the fries so no problem there. Plus the discount for getting a combo was only 50 cents. I get more of a combo discount at fast food burger joints.When the food arrived I do have to say that the shakes were very good. The size was nice and it was very creamy and flavorful. The cost was six for some and seven for others. Well worth the price. The burger was OK. But that is all I can say about that. I would rather go to other places and get a better burger at half the cost. The fries were served nice and hot, but they lacked flavor. You are not going to miss anything by skipping the fries. Overall the price was too high, the service very lackluster and the food only OK. Don't bother with this place unless you just want a really good shake.
5	AMAZING!!! Loved the food. I had a regular burger and I was not expecting much. WOW was I surprised! It was so good. I also ordered a Beer Float with Orange Sherbet... never had one before and was not expecting to be blown away... I was totally wrong about this place. It is AWESOME!
4	Went here for dinner with a friend. Decor is kinda like somewhere between casual and upscale. It looks upscale and trendy but then you look around and there's alot of casual touches like a printed paper placemat. Still a very good vibe. Prices are reasonable for an eatery on the strip. Service was good. I had the lamb tandoori burger & vidalia onion rings. The burger itself was cooked to a very good medium. Juice was dripping outta my burger. Onion rings were good but it didn't seem like alot of rings. I had 9 rings and 3 were the smaller end rings. I don't usually count the rings but when I first saw it, it seemed like alot less than I'm used to seeing in an order of O-rings. I could be wrong.Overall still a decent meal. Still other things to try. There was alot of interesting shakes, alcoholic and non. Their angus mix for their burger too since I had the lamb on my first trip.
4	Very pricey but food was good. We ordered the fish tacos and burgers.  Burgers had a great flavor and the meat was good quality. Fish tacos and fries were nice and crispy.  We also had the wings which were awesome. We had some drinks which drove up our tab.  I think next time I will skip the drinks here.
3	Based on my positive experience the last time I returned. Service is not up to par, but the burgers are still great!
4	BLT is a bit pricy for a hamburger joint but the quality of the food makes it well worth it. The shakes are huge!I had the Cowboy Burger and a B&W shake and there is no question it was te best burger i ever had in Las Vegas
4	$4 beer, alcoholic milkshakes, and a damn fine burger. Bonus points for being open until 4am.
3	BLT Burger is located in the Mirage. Every time I walked past this restaurant during my stay in Vegas, this place seemed pretty busy.  So my husband and I decided to try it out.  Prices are a bit high for my taste but I guess they are average for Vegas.  Burgers range from $16-20.  Burgers do not come with a side. it's an additional charge, about $5 for fries. It took a while for our food to come out but when it did, it was nice and hot. Burgers were pretty sizable. I ordered the turkey burger because I am not big on red meat.  It was ok.  I would not order it again though.  My husband ordered the wagyu beef burger which is top notch meat.  He said it was the best burger he had ever had and he even wanted to come back the next night.  I would come back again, but not in the same week.
5	Cool burger place at the Mirage!
4	Ate here twice on a 3 day visit. Excellent, charbroiled burger. I had the Tex-Mex, twice. Perfect both times. Pricey? I disagree, though I live in a resort town. Money and time well spent. Service was great and they seemed to enjoy what they were doing. And clean.You won't regret it except if your a vegan..........
4	I went to this place on a recommendation from a friend and was not disappointed. I had the deep fried pickles, the Tex Mex burger, and a vanilla milkshake.First of all, I know what you're thinking: why just a plain vanilla milkshake when there are so many other options on the menu (Nutella milkshake, for example)?Well, sometimes I just want a good old fashioned vanilla shake. When they're done right, that's really all you need. Let me tell you, it was done right. Perfect thickness and sweetness!The Tex Mex burger was scrumptious. I couldn't stop commenting on it while we were eating. The chili on the burger was good by itself: just the right amount of kick, and a little corn for texture. The slice of avocado were freash and creamy, and the beef itself was juicy and flavorful (I ordered mine medium).As far as price goes, it is pretty pricey. You can get combo of one of three simple burgers, a shake, and fries for $21. The Tex Mex isn't a simple burger...so plan on spending around $30 with tip.I would go back to try a couple other burgers on the menu that my friends enjoyed.
3	After a weekend of some pretty hard partying, a friend and I decided that the best way to avoid an impending hangover was to eat a nice juicy burger and french fries. I ordered the blue cheese burger with caramelized onions and sweet potato fries. I have had many fine burgers in my life and this was not what I would rate among the top 10. I mean, it wasn't bad, but it was nothing special.
4	Got seated quick, even it being dinner time, in a casino!? PerfectThe place had giant screen tv's with sports on (Like always)It was clean and had nice servers. I ordered the BLT burger and added cheese. It was good. I ordered a side of mayo, because I love my burgers with condiment sauces! It's a pretty large burger, so I had to cut it with a knife. I ate it with a fork and knife lol.My boyfriend loved his burger also, but he was dying to try one of the shakes. I couldn't really handle anymore food, but if we shared I bet we can accomplish the shake. MOCHA MUDSLIDE! We almost fought over the straw it was so good! This place makes my stomach happy.
4	I will definitely make a trip back here for this burger joint.Everything i tried was presented cooked and tasted great.  I think a little on the high pricey side for a burger joint, but definitely worth it.And the milkshakes are worth a try too !
5	Menu has real quality man food. Sweet tater fries and burger was top notch (really). Shakes are worth sharing as you wont get a better one anywhere else.
2	Meh... nothing amazing to be honest.  It's a very busy place... to be expected being in a casino.  The atmosphere is sports bar/restaurant. VERY loud would be a one negative.  Another negative would be the seating.  Imagine a 4 top but where 2 strangers sit elbow to elbow with another 2 strangers.  It was odd for this type of setting.  I have no problem with places like the Hofbrau House where you sit with a large group of strangers, drink beers and sing songs.  It was just an odd experience in a setting like the BLT has.... it doesn't work IMO. Food....  my wife ordered a burger medium... it came out medium rare to almost rare.  This is a burger joint... serving thousands of burgers a week... they should know how to cook a burger to medium or however the guest requests it. I would say the burgers are on par with Red Robin or Johnny Rockets... again... nothing amazing. Your best bet is to seek out other places in Las Vegas who specialize in burgers before going to the BLT. Overall experience /food.... Meh.
4	Open late which is great, but the food was just OK, certainly better burgers out there. The milkshakes on the other hand are not to be missed! We had the adult milkshakes - one with Twinkies and one with Sour Patch Kids. Will definitely go back just for milkshakes and skip out on the food.
4	This was the first restaurant we ate at in Las Vegas, it was convenient for lunch as we were staying at The Mirage. It wasn't particularly busy for lunch on a Sunday. The atmosphere was good, lots of televisions, a basic sports bar. It was a little loud, but this is expected for a casino restaurant.We were seated quickly, but it took a while for the server to take our drink order and then even longer to take our food order. We had the BLT burger, the classic and we each had skinny fries. The burgers were cooked exactly as we ordered. They were a good size but still easy to eat and both were delicious! The fries were average, but tasted good. The pickle that came with the burger did not taste like a pickle at all. It was not good, one bite was enough for me.Overall the food was much better than I expected, other than the pickle, everything was great. The service was slow and refills were hard to get, but our server knew the menu and had suggestions. Like most places in Vegas, it's a little pricey for a burger and fries, but overall I was pleased with everything, I would definitely stop by for another burger on our next trip.
4	Yummy burger.  Worth going back again.
5	Menu has real quality man food. Sweet tater fries and burger was top notch (really). Shakes are worth sharing as you wont get a better one anywhere else.
5	Beer Burger is BOMB dot com! The burgers here are definitely gourmet. Meat melted in my mouth with all my sensations going off! Love this place!
4	Great delicious burgers and shakes. A bit pricey of course.I didn't have to leave my hotel for a great burger.
4	a little loud, but i like how if you sit up top you can see them cook things.a bit pricey, but which rest in vegas that isnt? lolnice huge tvs around the place if you want to watch games.i loved my burger the patty was nice and thick & juicy. it was simple, but i could taste all the flavors.chili and the waffle fries were okay nothing special about it.the pickle was gross! i love pickles.. but not this one.the tshirts the waiters were wearing were hilarious. my only complaint was that they don't do anything for birthdays! anything would of been cool! especially when they are charging ppl up the whazoo for a simple burger ;)
1	Very poor service from the start. Seating was only available in the front of entrance yet their were tables through out.   Guess she was having a bad day.   We ate at the California Pizza Kitchen which had great service
5	This place is amazing! Ate here for lunch on our last day in Vegas and so glad I tried it so I know how good it is for when I'm in Vegas next! Got a bacon burger and it was soooo good. The burger was humongous and so juicy and yummy. I had the regular fries as my side and they were really good thick cut fries. My friend got the waffle cut fries and they were pretty good too.
2	We had tickets to the Beatles LOVE and stopped in as it appeared to be a laid back, kid-friendly place in the Mirage.  That being said, I don't think I'd return to this place, even with a great coupon!!  Service absolutely sucked -- the wait person arrives after waiting 10 minutes and says, "do you want to order?" Ummm . . . . well, I wasn't just sitting here for fun, what the heck?!?!  She really never grew a personality from there on, every interaction was more annoying than the one before.  I don't remember ever tipping as bad and I did this person.  I like to believe I am a generous tipper, especially for good service, but this was not one of those experiences.  I asked about the lamb burger and she replied, "I'm not the one to ask, I hate lamb".  Oh great.  I'll take the turkey burger then.  And it was average, a little hard, but average.  Hubby had the bacon burger and said the same - average, very average.   The kids ordered the chicken strips and lo and behold, LOVED them!  Their milkshakes were good too, devoured in a minute, but I wouldn't go back just for a milkshake and chicken strips.  Afterall, they are a burger place, right? For what you get (and I'm not referring to the service), the place is expensive.  Burgers are $12-17 and that does not include fries.  For a good burger, maybe, but that's a lot for an average burger.  Even by Vegas prices!
5	Lamb Tandoori burger!  That's all you need to know!
5	this place is really good and unique.   The portionas are generous and quality is fantastic.  Service is very good and friendly.  Lamb tanduri burger is what i recoment.  TRust me , its really good and the location in the Mirrage casino is a great spot.
2	In one word: overpriced!I know restaurants on The Strip are expensive, but this goes overboard. Expect to pay $13-$16 for a burger the size of a Double Whopper, and fries are not included. Yes, you read correctly, no fries! Our bill for two people came out to more than $40, and we were still hungry afterwards. I would give it one star, but it is aesthetically pleasing, which (I assume) is how they get you. Do yourself a favor and go to any other burger place.
1	Do NOT try the "Shaft's Blue" burger. I repeat. Do NOT try the "Shaft's Blue" burger. If only you could see the horrid facial expression I made as I took my first bite with great anticipation. Nevertheless, I thought I could rid the bitter taste upon my lips with the waffle fries; oh boy was I wrong. They didn't even taste like potatoes! If you like the taste of oil and burn, then get these yummy  fries for $5.00 =D. I am only giving this place one star because of the aesthetically pleasing atmosphere and for the ONLY thing I liked: the bottled drink I ordered.Looking for overpriced food, small portions, horrible tasting food, and still being hungry after you eat, then come here to BLT Burger. Have a good day! =)
4	The place has delicious burgers and sweet potato fries! My friends and I stayed at the mirage and ate here a couple of times. Usually, food sucks in LV (other than Earl's) so it was refreshing to eat at a place with good food on the strip! I'm definitely a fan of this place!
4	My brother-in-law and I stopped here for lunch on a Wednesday afternoon. We were seated immediately and the place was not crowded. Our service was quick and complete making it a nice place to eat and get back to gambling.We shared an appetizer of mozzarella sticks and a side of waffle fries to go with our two burgers. We both went with the standard burger and I got blue cheese on mine.We both thought the food was good and worth the price (given the standard Vegas premium). The mozzarella sticks came with a spicy marinara. The waffle fries were lightly seasoned. And the burger came with just the right amount of blue cheese. We would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for a quick burger lunch at The Mirage.
4	I thought BLT burger was pretty good!  I disagree with some of the other reviews--the shafts blue burger was great!  Shafts blue cheese is a more sophisticated blue, so maybe you just need the right palate.  The waffle fries are addictive and though prices aren't cheap, they are definitely reasonable for Vegas.
2	Not really that good. The meat didn't have any flavor and where I do love a juicy burger, when the bun is already so wet that is dissolves in your hands, there is a major problem with quality control. If your coming from a small town with only one restaurant in a 30 mile radius this might be the best burger you've ever had. If you live in a town with a population of 3,000 or more this will be a serious disappointment. For the level of service and quality of food this is seriously over priced. There is a 0.7% chance I will ever return.
3	I found BLT Burger to be a good but not great famous chef burger place (Boy aren't they all over the place now!).  The burgers we had were quite good and cooked to the temperature asked for but, the service was very, very slow and the sides were just OK.  It took forever for a server to come to our table and then he only asked for a drink order even though we were more than ready to order.  Once he came back and took the order, it took another forever for the food to come.  Could have been that this was our first meal since leaving the East Coast and forever really was just half a forever but, it took a long time to actually eat something!  Both the fries my son got and the onion rings I got were just meh.  I had high hopes for the onion rings from a place like this but, they appeared to be just your garden variety, heavily battered frozen ones.
5	Shame, Shame, Shame on me for waiting this long to write a love letter to this BLT Burger joint! Am so sorry BLT honest to GOD the only reason I forgot to write a review is because no doubt known i've done it already.....Anyway moving along... this place is a true definition of what a burger should taste like and be served like to customers. Omg the wings, the fries, and the bad*** burger all A+ across the board. I highly recommend their wings everybody  "bbq" only and of course their fries and burger. I honestly can taste the burger as I am writing this  to my yelp followers and reviewers out there. So if u happen to stop by, bc of my amazing review to this place, save me a bite. and recall my hunger stage am having now bc how much I truly miss this place. Cheers. A+ 10/10 in Taste, quality and services....
4	The good: The burgers are very good, the shakes are better, the fries, well ok a cardinal sin of bring me cold fries, but they are good.The bad: The menu hidden items, in case you don't know, a pet peeve of mine, if your going to go to the trouble of listing what's in the burger, actual list everything, thankfully the dreaded onions were found before anyone took a bite and had to be hit with an epipen.All in all, well worth the visit, if only for the shakes.
3	Good Burger, but over price.
3	Fairly nice selection of gourmet burgers and what appears to be some tasty adult milkshakes!  Wasn't impressed with the burger but the milkshake was good.
4	I had wanted to save this for when I actually had time to sit, explore the menu and enjoy at my own pace.  Instead, we wound up here in need of some quick grub with very little time to spare before the Terry Fator show. The place was busy so we took a seat at the bar.  Bar service was friendly and quick.  We were in, out, fat, dumb and happy in less than a half hour's time and made it to the show with time to spare!  The burgers were cooked to absolute perfection and the buns were delicious.  I wanted to try apps and a milkshake but time didn't allow it so I promised myself I'd be back another day when I could fully savor my juicy burger (I practically scarfed it down whole) and try one of the amazing-looking milkshakes.  Knock a star off for the unreasonable prices.  The burger was good, yes, but not encrusted with diamonds.  Why so damn expensive?  OK, dumb question... but I won't make this a regular thing because I'd go broke eating delicious burgers...
3	You know what's funny? Reading the reviews here and seeing so many complaining that this wasn't a romantic setting. It's a burger place. Of course it's not romantic.There was a little bit of a wait in order to get in and get seated. That's okay though, and when we sat down, our waitress was pretty attentive. She was knowledgeable about the menu and was patient with our friend who didn't want his milkshake until after he had finished eating his burger. The only downside is that it's pricey. The burgers are standard burgers, and then you wind up paying $20 for a drink, fries, and a burger. I guess that's what happens when you put a burger place in the Mirage, but still. Probably won't come back. By the next time I go to Vegas, this place will probably have been replaced with something new.
4	7/10: Located in Mirage Casino. I'd rate the food 5 stars! However, the service was sub-par. I got one refill the entire time. Nice, trendy environment, though the music is a little loud. There's a normal dining area where you can people-watch, and an elevated bar area with many TV's to catch your favorite game on.The food was awesome! I had the Classic Burger with Oregon Cheddar, and Chicken Wings (Spicy Buffalo and Tangy BBQ). It was one of the best burgers ever! Also tried the Turkey Burger, which is probably the best turkey burger I've ever had. The herbs were done just right. I don't know what kind of bun was used, but it was very soft and flavorful. I would visit BLT Burger again!
3	One of our burgers was messed up pretty badly and when the server came she tried to fix it, but the server rarely made it to our table, the other two people in the party were almost done with their food by the time she came by to ask me.  I couldn't get anyone to stop at the table either, it was a bummer because clearly they make a great burger.
4	BLT Burger is great choice for a casual dinner that is nice, but won't break your bank. The food and service and excellent.  Besides great burgers, the menu boasts a perfect amount of greasy fried food to balance even the most aggressive of drinkers.
4	It's not the best burger I've had in my life, but I really enjoyed it!
2	Well a quick casual meal after a long day at the pool. I didn't have a burger but a bowl of chili and 8 hot wings instead. The food is a ok the beer is at room temperature and the server is kinda puzzled. I gave her a two for the efforts but other than that will definitely will not dine here again.
2	Marginal at best. Slow service, very small menu I had the BBQ nachos they were super greasy and gross. The fried pickels were OK but nothing special. The burgers (we ordered 4) were marginal quality and just a rung above snack bar food. Much better options close by like Carnegie Deli. For the high prices and limited menu it should be much better.
3	The good, my turkey burger was tasty and fries were hot. The bad, service sucks and burger came out a bit cold.
5	Best burger I've EVER had, hands down. It is pricey but 100% worth it. It is a MUST visit for my husband and I every year when we come to Vegas. Always get good, quick service.
5	WOW! This burger restaurant is amazing.  I had the 7 oz burger, fries, and a creamsicle milkshake. The burger was juicy and tasty, the bun was soft, and overall it was just delicious.  The milkshake was simply amazing. It tasted like i was eating a creamsicle, but better. The service was fast and friendly.  The atmosphere was nice, but casual, not formal. I would recommend this restaurant to anyone wanting a good burger restaurant.
1	Avoid BLT Burger at The Mirage. I am a burger whore and have been wanting to try this place for quite awhile now. This is not the place to satisfy. Took forever to get seated, servers just walked by ignoring us. This should have been our sign to turn around. When we finally did get seated, they took our order and brought the drinks promptly but then ignored us for about 20mins or so until the food came. I got a simple diet coke which was terrible so I put it at the edge of the table so the waitress might see it and question if I may want something else. The waitress we had, who seemed busy doing not much, did not even serve it to us. The $12 "The Classic" burger is ok, I've had better at Denny's. Cheese and sides are extra. Got the onion rings as a side (as I'm also an onion ring whore). Greasy, weird batter ... not good. One good thing, I wasn't charged for my soda.
4	Great service and the tex mex burger is delicious! My only complaint is that fries don't come with burger and are a bit pricey.
3	It was solidly good, nothing amazing, but can't complain either
4	Went to BLT Burger with my mom when she came to Vegas to visit and we stayed at The Mirage. We decided to go here because we didn't feel like going to far for dinner because we were both really hungry. We decided to try out BLT Burger since it was something casual and easy. We waited in line for about twenty minutes, but it was dinner time, so I really wasn't that surprised. The restaurant has a nice environment and is decorated in a simple way. The service was okay, but the food was really good. I had the Wagyu burger with Oregon Cheddar (no bun) with fries. I can't remember which burger my mom decided to have. The burger was $17; I don't remember how much the fries were. I really don't think that it was that expensive. Most burgers on the strip are about $15, so I'm not going to complain about the price.
5	Located in the mirage hotel. Ordered the Shaft Bleu burger. It was grilled medium at requested & had caramelized onions, mushrooms, & crumbled Bleu cheese. It was delicious! I ordered it with waffle fries but I tried the sweet potato fries & they were both very good.
2	I give it 2 stars because the food was good. We had the fried pickles and the BBQ nachos. They were both appetizers. That being said, those appetizers took 25 minutes to get to us. We sat at the bar for a couple beers and a quick bite and were greeted by a bartender who seemed less than pleased that we were there in the first place, and also didn't seem to care at all that we were waiting so long for food.There were people around us who ordered entrees that came out before our appetizers so I'm not sure if our ticket was lost or if the bartender forgot to ring it in, but he didn't even acknowledge the long wait time until we brought it up. Nothing was done to rectify the situation, no manager spoke to us, and the bartender just sort of walked away when we were telling him how long it was taking. Very rude. He could have at least humored us or showed some sympathy. Needless to say, there are plenty of good restaurants in Vegas with the same quality of food, so definitely skip this place when you're in town.
3	Turkey burger was fantastic. Fries were cooked well and totally enjoyed the Tuscan milkshake. Would have given a higher rating if they weren't so deceiving about the prices. Ordered 2 combo then the check came and they charged me an extra $12 for the shake-which was supposed to be part of the combo. Had a big discussion about the fact that the waiter didn't tell us that. Scam.
1	Eat lunch here today, ordered a beer any tacos, the tacos were good but the glass on my beer was broken and cut my lip, the waitress brought me a new glass and no discount on my bill... Thanks for the cut lip.
4	This place was great! So great that this was our end of the night caffeine fix or soak up the booze food.Grabbed a quick bite here before a show and the burger was perfectly cooked. Juicy without being greasy. The bun tasted great, but I think it needed to be a little more toasted. Ordered the waffle fries...fantastic. Crunchy with a little kick. Very good. They were super nice to modify one of their milkshakes so I could enjoy it and it was superb! Thick and rich, very delicious!Another night we stopped in to eat a snack and drink some caffeine before going back to the tables. Ordered a basket of all their fries. They were fabulous! My favorites were the fat fries. It was almost like eating a baked potato...very nice! The skinny fries were so good and crispy without being overly crispy.
2	Eek! I originally ordered the tandoori lamb burger but they said they were out. :sad face: so I got the Tex-mex. I ordered it medium but when I got my hamburger my patty was super dry and tasteless. The chili was bland and I only got 2 pieces of small avocado. I wouldn't recommend it at all! On the other hand, the fried pickles were really good and our server was friendly and out going. Wish I could say more about the joint but that was my experience. I'll prob go again to try the lamb burger because my server said it was delicious and to get that next time.
3	I wasn't impressed.  With a name like BLT attached to it, I was expecting to be wowed.  I wasn't.I walked in and had a seat at the bar.  Two woman behind the bar.  Black lady who was clearly a server but was at the prep area making sodas for her tables.  I was right in front of her.  She can't say hello?  Hi?  How are you?  Let me get you a menu?  Or just let the bartender know that I'm sitting there?  Anything other than that miserable look on your face?  The bartender was actually right next to her but she seemed busy making drinks and can't say hi and pour a beer at the same time.  Eventually she greeted me and brought me a menu.I know, I made it seem like the service was sh-t.  It wasn't.  It actually got much better after this.I ordered the tandoori lamb burner medium rare.  It was cooked medium well.  It was just dripping in fat and grease as I was eating it.  It tasted fine though I didn't feel like I tasted much tandoori. They did do the right thing and offered to make me another one, but I only send food back if food is inedible.All in all its an ok place for a burger.  When you are spending almost 20 bucks for a burger and a soda you just expect more.  I think there are better values in Vegas.
4	No frills. Had the cowboy burger skinny fries and a local beer dirty dog IPA.  Great food just casual and chill. Came for lunch and left satisfied. Great place for casual lunch. Beer & gourmet burgers.
3	i had a salmon burger, which was fine.  it came w/ pickle on the side, and you have to order fries separately.  i would have liked it if the salmon was more rare, b/c it was a bit overcooked.
1	Turkey burger was toooo SALTY! I could not finish the other half!!! I must have been hungry to have finished even the first half.  When I complained to the waiter about this, he said that he hears that alot about this burger!!! Really?!?! Was the hole bottle of salt in my burger?!?!  My bf had a blue cheese burger that tasted weird with so called carmelized onions... artificial sweet tasting onions and blue cheese. Even their pickles failed!!  It was salty and not pickled!! Burgers are not great. You will NOT find a gourmet burger here.  I love me some burgers and always finish my plate, NOT HERE!!  Pass this place up, don't waste your money.
5	Perfect experience here.  No wait to be seated, servers were attentive and friendly, and the food was fresh and delicious.  Highly recommend the buffalo wings and the waffle fries.  As far as the burgers, the cowboy burger (onions, bacon, pepper jack, sauce) was delicious, but you may want to go with a less complicated burger to enjoy the flavors a bit more.  Try this place - you won't be disappointed.
3	They don't offer Pear cider anymore...Boooooooooooooo Bring back the cider!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
3	I enjoyed this place and would not mind coming back. I ordered the tandoori lamb burger and it was extremely juicy and tasty. I got a milk shake with baileys and khalua. My burger was $14 and the milk shake was $8. And sides like fries and onion rings are separate but the burger was filling. Very easy going place but our server wasn't all that good.
4	I came here over the weekend on a busy weekend the wait wasn't too bad. I ordered a burger and some skinny fries. My friends got the lamb burger and the waffle fries with some spiked shakes. I don't remember the name of everything but I thought it was pretty goood. I think the one thing going for this place are the really good spiked shakes. They're not to heavy and they're not too sweet. It's just the right amount. The burgers are okay. Being that I've trying a lot of good burgers places it's hard to give praise for the burgers here, I thought they were just like any other gourmet burger spots in LA. But I would definitely come back next time I'm in vegas. It beats standing in line for a fancy buffet
4	Wings are some of the best anywhere I'm a big wing fan and so is one of my buddies he agreed as well. Apparently they are brined, baked then fried - geniusLamb Burger - one of the best burgers I've ever had.Blackened Chicken Burger - Awesome!Turkey burger - Ok a little dry. -. Go with chickenRegular burger - Decent - stick w LambMahi Tacos tasty but small I'm already a fat ass so I stay away from shakes , fries and desserts but they are probably good. Manager michael was very professional and talked with me in detail about the menu. I will be back this place is a great value for the strip.
2	It was a fair "regular" burger for $12, ordered it medium-rare, came out rare.  Value just not there, $50 for 2 burgers, 1 salad, and 1 pint of beer... you're playing for location in a somewhat loud, minor-league hip, over-hyped sportsbar.  I should have just gone to the buffet... I miss the old school Vegas coffee shop.
2	Being the Yelp addicts my girlfriend and I are, we had been picking most the restaurants the whole trip. I decided to change things up and let my parents pick a place. We were at the Mirage, and it was beginning to pour outside so with limited options to eat we found ourselves at BLT Burger.Service was just OK, and I mostly remember the place being pretty loud. I went with the classic burger, but added avocado, cheese, bacon, and an egg. The burger ended up being really good with all my additions, even though it was medium-rare when I asked for medium. Without these additions the burger didn't seem like anything special, but I honestly didn't see anything else I wanted to eat their. An OK experience, but had it not started raining we probably would have headed elsewhere.p.s. My girlfriend was pretty unhappy with the veggie options, usually even burger places have at least one good option for vegetarians
4	We had the slider burger trio appetizer and all three little burgers were moist and savory!   My husband had an amazing Dark and Stormy milkshake that was worth the entire price of the meal. :)  Our server was friendly, quick and efficient -- in other words, perfect!
3	Burgers galore on the menu and they certainly offer some tasty combos, but at the end of the day the, I expect more from Vegas. Spending $14 on A burger is a norm apparently these days, but I like I said, it's Vegas and a burger should be over the top delicious and indulgent. These were good, not amazing yet somewhat satisfying. I wouldn't race back to this spot, but it's definitely conveniently located for a hangover meal if you're staying at the Mirage. The food was average but the service was great!
2	Came to this place with high expectations, and boy did they let me down. The waiter got a little too comfortable.  I order a B.L.T. Burger and when I got the burger, I had already taken a few bites and realized that they forgot to add BACON DUH!!  So I got his attention and told him what had happened and his response was "I'll go get you some." I then looked at my wife and asked her if he said what I thought he said?  So he co mm es back with 2 slices of bacon. By then I was almost done with my burger. I then asked him "Are you serious?"  And then he tells me if I wanted him to put the bacon inside my burger. I then told him to get the hell out of my sight. He treated me more as a friend than as a CUSTOMER!  Being that this place is in the heart of the strip in Las Vegas, you would think that they would have just fixed the mistake by taking my burger and given me the correct order. So sad!  I do not recommend this place!!
3	Wow what an average burger!! Asked for medium rare and it came well done! 25 dollars for an average burger! Not good....
4	This is one of my favorite burger joints.  I'm never disappointed when I'm there.The ambience is modern. It can be a little noisy though.The menu is simple.Every burger I've tried have been good.It can get a little pricey because everything is a la carte.The service can be long when they're busy. Notable mention: the Kobe beef burger.  By far the best burger I ever had. It's sex in your mouth.
2	Not worth the hype I read from several reviews and blogs. Supposed to be one of Vegas' best burgers, but was very disappointed. Nothing special about the bun or beef. But fries were greasy and seemed over cooked to the point of being too crunchy.
2	We were going to a show and needed a quick place to eat - pretty limited in the Mirage.  Supposed to be one of the best places for burgers but they were just so so in my book.  I had a naked burger which was the buger without the bun.  Was cooked ok, very large patty.  Of course you have to order any sides extra so my husband and I always share those.  He had some sort of dripping messy burger which he said was good but he wouldn't get it again.  Service was ok, server was pleasant but will we go there again. Only if nothing else is available.
1	I don't normally write reviews or leave comment cards, but I was extremely disappointed in BLT Burger. For a restaurant that specializes in burgers, I expected a pretty good burger. Unfortunately, everything I had there was extremely bland... the burger, the fries, the onion rings. The chili was pretty good, of course it had jalapenos on top so I'm not sure how they could have made that bland. Sadly, the best part of my meal was my Diet Pepsi. Very overpriced for the quality you end up getting. I've had better burgers at fast food joints. They also overcharged us, saying the computer's been "doing that" but apparently just wait for you to catch it yourself. The waiter tried to fix it twice but eventually we had to get the manager. There are so many great restaurants in Vegas; save your money and go somewhere else.
2	It was okay. My husband & I went there last week & neither of us have any real complaints. Everything was okay... the food was mediocre, the service was fine but nothing over the top.
2	Shakes are great. Lack of "veggie" burger was disappointing. Tried the falafel burger & it was so overcooked they took it off the bill. Prices are high. Not returning.
4	You can order at BLT and have it delivered to the outdoor patio. Good food, great people watching and lovely Las Vegas weather - doesn't get much better. Wide variety of both burgers and fries well prepared.
5	A friend and I ate here before going to see the Beatles show at the Mirage. The burger was the best I've ever had-- delicious, wonderfully cooked, a big serving that I couldn't even finish. We also both had the spiked milkshakes-- amaaaaazing!! And to top it off, this place is pretty affordable, especially for Vegas. Would DEFINITELY come back here if I'm in Vegas again!
4	Pricey but well its in The Mirage so i guess i needs to be pricey. Great burger though. If you are in the Mirage try it out. :)
4	Went there this past Saturday night.  The wife wanted a burger joint on the Strip, so we figured we'd try it out.  Got there, waited about 20 minutes to be seated, which wasn't too bad considering how busy they were - it was "fight weekend" in Vegas so everything was packed.  I got  "The Cowboy", and my wife got....well I don't remember what it was now, but it looked good.  We ordered some onion rings to split, I got a soda, and she got water.  My burger was really good, my wife said hers was as well, and the onion rings were just so-so.  Not worth the $5 they cost.Our server was on top of things and really friendly, and we'll probably go back if we're in the area and are craving burgers.  A little spendy ($40 + tip) for what you get, but eh, it's on the Strip, so you expect it.
3	It was just ok.  Not the best burger I've ever had, but decent. It did not melt in my mouth which I expect a burger from a burger place to do.   Salad was good, but I needed them to have better dressing choices.  Our server was beyond sweet which always makes any dining experience better.  We were with kids and they loved their milkshakes.  Kind of pricey for being "not so much" but it's Vegas.  Love being here and nothing was going to kill that vibe--not even a mediocre burger.
4	BLT has legit burgers!  I love the tandoori lamb burger. The meat is really tender,  and the flavor is rich.  I've had a couple of their beef burgers as well, and they are delicious. Decent beer selection as well.  Besides that,  it's just a great place to hangout and enjoy great food. BLT has definitely become a staple for me whenever I'm in Vegas!
3	I've had better 12 buck burgers and the server was just rude. I won't be back. The fat fries were good. The draft beer could be colder.
3	Food was good.  Prices are a little nuts for what it is but that's Vegas I guess.
5	EXCELLENT burgers! Quick, cheap, and delicious! Waitress was efficient and friendly. I ordered the BLT Burger, no side and couldn't even finish the burger. So delicious and totally hit the spot!Boyfriend ordered the I80 burger with a side of curly fries. His burger was also fantastic and the fries were deliciously crispy. We are 2 Nebraska beef fed individuals so if we say the beef is good, the beef is good! :)I also ordered the Apple Pie Milkshake - holy deliciousness!
4	My boyfriend and I came here super late night for grub after a ton of drinking and gambling....only to discover that they had PITCHERS OF STONE IPA. We had been on the hunt at the Mirage for good beer and didn't find any  until the end of the night. We were seated immediately and ordered a pitcher and food. My boyfriend and I decided to take a vacation from being Pescatarians this Thanksgiving so we splurged and shared the Cowboy burger, fried pickles, and some chili cheese fries. The burger was perfect. The beef patty was moist and juicy...just the way I imagined it would be after not having a real burger in YEARS. It was also really neat to eat. The burger held together really well and wasn't falling apart. The chili cheese fries were off the menu and they were wicked good. Don't even get me started on the frickles.Thanking BLT Burger for hitting the spot. We struck GOLD when we found good beer here!!
4	Visited BLT Burger on recent weekend stay to Vegas. My wife and I split a Burger and fries between the two of us and had a few drinks. The one thing that really stands out is the service. The server for the area that my wife and I sat in was really swamped, but the on duty manager or supervisor came cover and took our orders. He didn't only take drink orders, he allowed us to place our food orders as well. I must say this was a first and made my wife and I very pleased. Awesome burger!
1	we came here for show around 9pm. The service is not too bad, but food is hard to swallow. Food is way to salty, very few choices.
3	We stopped in for a quick meal 2 nights ago after a looooong day of traveling and airport drinking. The menu and layout reminded us of our fav burger bar back at home so I knew it was a good sign. I ordered the Country Fried Chicken salad as my main course- it was very delicious. I was sold once I realized there was corn in the salad! One of my favorite things and usually hard to find! This salad was probably one of my favorite meals in Vegas so far! Although it was garnished with a ton of mushrooms on the top, I wish it stated that in the menu. I hate the thought of mushrooms to be any where near my food. But it was easy enough that it was just on the top and I could pick it out! Gross!!! My poor boyfriend didn't have as much luck, he ordered the buffalo chicken sandwich with fries. He said the chicken and bread looked good but the amount of blue cheese added to the sandwich was insane. So much blue cheese. After a huge bite of tasting nothing but blue cheese he was highly disappointed. I told him several of times to tell the waitress (although she seemed busy, we was still very nice and would not have had any issue talking to the kitchen/manager about it) But I really did love my salad. Another thing which threw me off was that I automatically get super disappointed when I order a glass of wine and it doesn't come in the a wine glass! I know it's silly but if I'm paying over $11 for a glass, it should be in a wine glass. Just kinds of kill my wine mood.  Other than that, the service was good and fast. The place seemed kind of busy and very clean! Definitely a good place to stop by for a quick meal and drink.
2	Very so so burgers. Best to head elsewhere for a burger. Lots of other options. Limited options. Service could easily be improved. Once at this place was enough. I won't be back
4	My boyfriend and I stumbled across this place shortly after checking into the Mirage. We were ravenous, considering that our morning flight had been delayed for over three hours and we hadn't eaten anything substantial all day (with the exception of over-priced airport lattes and pastries). We were pleasantly surprised.It was an odd hour, about 4:30 in the afternoon, and there were limited dining choices open at the Mirage. We were hungry but not really in the mood for the mile-high pastrami sandwiches at Carnegie Deli, or California Pizza Kitchen. So BLT Burger it was.My boyfriend ordered the Tex Mex burger while I ordered the turkey burger. Both were juicy and cooked to perfection. For me, one of the true tests of a good burger place is the bun. At BLT, the bun was reminiscent of a good onion bagel but much softer, with bits of onion on the top.  The menu had a good balance of classic items as well as more exotic options like the lamb tandoori burger and kobe sliders.  We also shared an order of waffle fries and onion rings which were perfectly crispy, not greasy at all.The overall energy was casual and laid-back, with wait staff wearing funny t-shirts that said things like "Always use a condiment". The service was friendly and helpful. Originally my boyfriend wanted to order the buffalo fries, but quickly canceled that when he found out it was topped with crumbles of bleu cheese (or what he like to describe as "nasty, stinky, rotten cheese"). Figuring that my boyfriend wanted the spice without the bleu cheese stench, our waiter  served our waffle fries with sides of ranch and buffalo sauce.If you're in Vegas and simply want a good burger, this place is definitely worth a try.
3	I had the classic burger with sweet potato fries and an orange milk shake. The burger was dry, it had no sauce or anything to give some moisture :( nothing special about the sweet potato fries, the shake was good, was looking forward to have an enjoyable dinner but it was a fail :(
4	We were going to a Cirque du Soleil show and came across BLT Burger. The service was a bit slow, but the burger and milkshake were great! I had a Tex Mex burger with a vanilla/Oreo milkshake. Highly recommend both! I would definitely go back!
3	Good selection, cooked well and seated quickly. The milkshakes looked good but we didn't have one. The burger wasn't the best in the city and mediocre service. It felt like a long wait for the food. For a late night food option (past standard close of 11pm) it was good.
2	Not the most exciting dinner experience I've ever had, but I guess most people are here to gamble, not eat. We were seated by a hostess with absolutely no personality...not a smile, even. And slow as a tortoise, to boot. But upon getting seated, we definitely got stuck with the dud waiter. It took him forever to come back and take our orders, and then another 10 minutes to flag him down to get cutlery. But on to the food...I shared a vegetable salad and the route 80 burger (bacon, cheese, caramelized onions), with a side of buffalo fries (curly fries smothered in buffalo sauce and blue cheese). The salad was delightful - crispy veggies, a few exotic ones that I looked and went "What are you?", and a tasty but light oregano dressing. The burger, which we ordered medium as suggested, was only ok. I guess I expected more than run of the mill, but it wasn't terribly exciting. It wasn't bad, necessarily, just not great. But the buffalo fries is where they fell down - while I loved the concept, the combo of buffalo sauce and blue cheese was incredibly salty, and not even the side of ranch dressing could make it edible after a few bites. It was too bad, because the spicy flame on the fries was great before the salt hit.
3	I've eaten at BLT several times over the years.  The food and service are good, but it has never wowed me.  Unremarkable would be the best description.
4	I was in here first week of 2014. This review is only about their dessert ,The deep Fried Oreo cookies were amazing. They served them with Ice cream and chocolate on the side. It was something different and I do recommended.
4	Good service, good fries, good burgers, RIDICULOUS milkshakes.  If you need to nurse a hangover that is lingering into the afternoon, or you just need a casual bite before the next poker game, BLT hits the spot (but it ain't cheap!)
4	Solid 4-star restaurant. The nachos are a MUST HAVE!  They are worth the $$. Burgers are ok and I wish I didn't get the shake. Tasted like a Wendy's frosty.
4	burgers and shakes oh my!i had the Lamb Burger which tasted like a lamb shawerma which was delicious. Also had the Lunch box milkshake and that was awesome.  We started with the waffle bites which was a little over priced for the amount of food but it was wonderful.  everyone in my party was extremely happy with their meals.
5	The food and service at BLT Burger is great. They were able to accomodate our group of 9 promptly on a Saturday night. Everyone loved their burgers/fries/shakes. As a vegetarian, I ordered a salad which was also delicious! I would definitely go back.
4	Laid-back, and more affordable food than some of the other Mirage establishments. Had The Stripper burger (bunless) but if you are expecting a protein burger (in the likes of In n'Out or Five Guys, you are not getting that! You are getting a burger you eat with a fork and knife. I forgot to order the cheese and the burger was okay. I should have ordered some cheese, probably would have been better. When I am in Vegas again, probably give this place another chance, selection looks decent, and the price is just right.
3	First the positive. The burger was definitely very good. Ordered medium rare which in way too many places means slightly charred. Was definitely on the rarer side of medium. Very solid burger. Something about the waffle fries just not right- couldnt even finish. Tasteless. Wanted to order a draft beer and was told they were "too warm right now". This was in middle of afternoon. Guess its not cold until after dinner?
1	ummm if you want a good burger go to Gordon Ramsay BurGR in Planet Hollywood across the street.We stayed at the Mirage and there always seemed to be a line for BLT, it was convenient so we thought we would give it a go. Well the service was crap, the waitress never came by barely spoke to us......  I got the Tex Mex burger and it was like dripping in sweet BBQ sauce, gross..... not very good at all, I had two bites..... We also tried the nacho basket, just a soggy mess of more sweet BBQ over chips..... I am from South Texas and like my shit hot! So maybe I am just spoiled by good nachos.... who knows but if you are excepting good food stay away, if you don't really care then go for it.... You'll be wasting $100 for two people..... But maybe you are rich and don't care.  I blame this restaurant for giving me the worst hangover ever.... Thanks a lot Obama!
1	We/I thought that this would be a great place to enjoy the Super Bowl.  I reserved a table for the nominal (relatively nominal - as it was much more expensive elsewhere) fee of $125 per person which bought us reserved seats, unlimited menu food, and an open bar that afforded us water, soda, well liquors, milk shakes and an impressive assortment of beers.  I thought this was a great idea until I did the math and came to find out that there was NO way I would eat or drink $125 worth of food within the 4 hour game window.  That being said, on to the review:This is a stylized burger joint.  Two bars.  It offers 11 televisions and your choice of bar, booth or table seating.  The Menu consists of Burgers (of course) and a wide variety of pupus.  We ordered BBQ nachos (by fair the best), curly fries, waffle fries, hot wings (these were NO joke, HOT as Hades), chili cheese fries, and an Asian salad.  Unfortunately we NEVER were able to order anything else.The service, although pleasant, was MEDIOCRE at best.  I understand that they may have been overwhelmed at the sudden onslaught of orders, but damnit please bring my food in a timely manner.  Not only was it slow (45 minutes!), once we received the food there were 3 extra orders of wings, 1 additional nacho, 1 additional waffle fries and they tried to give us a BLT burger, too.  Crazy right?  With a table full of carbs (that we didn't order and that we could never finish), our waiter never once asked if we were ready for the protein portion of the meal.  Although our friend, who ordered the Asian salad, wretched after taking two bites and sent it back.  Sad really.My wife enjoyed her two milkshakes ordered to cool off her mouth from the wings.  Mocha mudslide I think.Even though the service was suspect, they STILL added on an automatic gratuity.  Are you f'n kidding me?I had a few drinks but, I swear, after the second one, there wasn't a drop of alcohol in the rest.  Probably a good thing, maybe he was watching my back, NO IDEA.Generally VERY disappointed with the entire experience ......  the restaurant, the service, the food, the drinks, and yes especially the GAME.
3	The is an upscale burger joint.  Don't expect a $5 burgers here, folks.  They also have a decent selection of macro- and micro-brews, as well as signature cocktails.We went for lunch on 02/06/14.  The restaurant was full, but didn't have to wait long to be seated.  The server didn't come to our table for almost 7 minutes after we were seated. Awkward. I would've hoped for a "I'll be with you in just a moment", or something like that.  The food took a little while to arrive at the table.  The food was hot and tasty.  The total bill for a burger, entree salad, beer, and coke was $61 (including tip). If our service had been more prompt, I might have given BLT a 4-star rating.  If you're in a hurry, consider going elsewhere.  If you have time to mellow on an adult beverage, then by all means, c'mon on in!
5	Every time I come to Vegas, I simply must stop at BLT for a milkshake! It's a Vegas staple for me! I don't eat red meat, so a burger place is sort of wasted on me but their BBQ chicken nachos are delish! Every one I was with loved their burgers, so I guess I can say they have good burgers?
3	So many good places to eat in the Mirage and it might be easy to walk past this one, but don't.  Hamburger is its specialty, so you should stick with it.  Not the best I ever had, but it was good, so really no complaints.  Not sure why everyone raves about sweet potato fries; they are just yucky, this place or any where else.  Uck.  Milk shakes are good and shouldn't be missed.  If you are counting calories, then this is not a good place to stop.  But you're in Vegas.  If you ain't counting your money, then why count your calories?
1	Do not go here!!! Save your money, this place is not worth it at all!!! Ok so, the only reason we ate here was because it is located in the lobby of our hotel (The Mirage). We didn't leave the room til late that day, so we decided to just eat at BLT because we were so hungry, the menu sounded decent, and the front desk lady had recommended it because they serve "spiked milkshakes". We were pretty excited to try out the food, so I ordered the chicken buffalo burger with fries and a malibu rum milkshake and my friend ordered a cheese burger with fries and a twinkie milkshake. First of all, just two plates of burgers, fries, and milkshakes cost us 65 dollars, which would have been ok if the food was any good!My spiked milkshake had no rum and my friends twinkie milkshake tasted like frozen milk with a piece of twinkie sticking out of it. The burgers were not tasty at all, mine had some kind of nasty blue cheese spread (mind you I love blue cheese), the fries had an aftertaste, and the ranch dressing was watery. Just disgusting, never again!! We didn't even get half way through our meal.....
4	Good place if you're craving a good gourmet burger. We got seated as soon as we walked in. Our orders were taken within 5 mins of sitting down. However, we waited about 20-25 mins. Before we got our food. It didnt seem busy, our food could have been hotter.They have a great selection of bugers. I ordered one with sweet caramelized onions, and mushrooms, with blue cheese. It was good! The burger was cooked to perfection. Wish it was served on a warm bun. (Not sure if its normally served in a cold bun, or if it was sitting there for a while).The waiters were nice. They made sure we were doing ok. I would recommend this place to anyone
3	This place was one of the few close-by that was still open late at night.  Otherwise, I probably would've chosen something else.  The burger wasn't bad, nothing memorable.  Overpriced, like many average hotel restaurants here - it's all about convenience.  I would definitely choose another spot for my late-night cravings next time though.
5	Talk about an amazing burger place.  I got the "French Toast Burger" (beef patty between two mammoth French toast slices, topped with maple cream, sausage bacon & a fried egg, and syrup).  It was a monster and I love'd every second of it. PRO:+Epic sized burgers+Amazing flavors+Creative specialsCON:-None
1	Weirdest veggie burger ever, also frozen fries for $5 yuck! To top it off $7 for a Bass that's more expensive than Boston!! Skip this place!
3	My experience at BLT was mixed. The burger was good, full of flavor. I ordered fries, they didn't deliver but after seeing the size of the burger decided to pass on the fries. The line to get in moved fairly fast, probably a 20 minute wait. Service was friendly and prompt. The price is in line with Vegas but certainly more than a burger should cost. Caught between 3 and 4 stars, not worthy of 4 due to prices.
4	Very tasty and price is reasonable. I would defiantly eat there again on my next Vegas vacation
4	I had dinner at BLT Burger last night before attending the Beatles Love show. We were able to get seats without a wait at 7 pm. Our server was so attentive and friendly. My husband and I both had margaritas to start. Neither one of us was very impressed. I had the interstate 80 burger for dinner. It was completely delicious, and cooked perfectly. The burger had peppercorn crusted bacon, caramelized onions, cheddar cheese and pickles on it. I devoured the entire thing. I also got the waffle fries for a side. They were good but I didn't have room to eat much. My husband really enjoyed his Kobe sliders and onions rings. Our server brought him a side of some kind of awesome ranch to dip them in. I also had the caramel martini and would highly recommend.
3	I went there with my father after a show in Vegas, i wanted him to try a nice burger, i had a chix burger w avocado and pesto pretty good flavor,our sever could not explain us more about the meat they use or the difference between them  so my dad just got a classic... it was ok. probably be back
5	This place has one of the best burgers in Las Vegas. We came across it while walking through the Mirage casino and we were looking for something casual. Didn't expect much, just something to kill the hunger. I was pleasantly surprised at the quality of the food.  From the high quality meat to the delicious buns. Hard to beat this delicious burger. Oh and the onion ring are the best. They know how to cook them so that the onion doesn't come out on the first bite. I will be back next week as I drive through Vegas.
1	I am giving this place a 1 star because the service is very bad.  The waitress took 15 mins to bring our drink orders.  Overall the service was just plain bad.  Food was decent. I would not come back here based on service
4	I definitely would recommend Blt burger for lunch or a casual dinner. My chicken sandwich was ok but the falafel sandwich was out of this world!  The service is great, the restaurant is clean and prices are decent for Vegas!
2	My husband and I went to this restaurant last week after going to the Beatles show. My husband ordered the I-80 burger; he ordered his burger well done but it came burned and couldn't really get our server to replace it because he hardly ever showed up to see how the food was and how we were doing. I ordered the California chicken and it was nothing amazing, in fact I couldn't finished it because the sun dried tomatoes were so salty it made it hard to enjoy. We also ordered the sweet potato fries but can't tell you if they were good because we never got them , our server gave us the wrong kind.The only thing that we did enjoy was their buffalo chicken wings, they were really good.As I mentioned before our server never checked on us except for when we were done and ready to pay. I would definitely not recommend it to anyone, unless you want to pay a lot for mediocre food.
4	I went here twice during my stay and got: the I-80 burger, the lamb burger, the buffalo fries and the sweet potato fries. I liked both burgers but they are very different from each other - so it really depends on what you're in the mood for, but the I-80 burger was "classic" to me - had all the basic components I want in a burger. It was satisfying and delicious, the lamb burger was equally as good but the lamb option and the accompanying sauce gave it a more sophisticated taste (and possibly healthier?) in either event, I thoroughly enjoyed. The sweet potato fries were good, I wasn't a fan of the buffalo fries though, it was too much going on for a side dish. One think I wish I tried were the milkshakes - but I discovered there's one in NYC, so I feel like a pit stop there is in my future. Overall it's great - and a very good mid-priced option in the Mirage.
4	Highly overpriced but YUM!  (Will run you about $30/ person for burger/fries/shake) I always make a stop here when I'm in town.  There's a line so get there early.  The Lunch Box shake is money.  Everything is largely portioned so be prepared to eat!CON: There is NO gluten free bun option.  WTF?!  At $15+/ burger, come on guys.  Get with it.
4	Burgers we're good.  Fries were good as well.  I ordered the sweet BBQ wings.  I sent them back, as they were over cooked.  Their server said they looked fine and that was a "normal" look,  They looked and tasted charred.  They recooked an order and they were pretty good.I thought it was good, but on the expensive side for a burger.  $11-13, without a side.Fries were an additional $5.  Shakes looked delicious.
3	We ate at BLT Burger in the Mirage last week, and frankly, it was the biggest letdown of our trip.  The restaurant was full at midnight, so we chose to eat at the bar for faster service.  The grill is also located behind the bar, so it was interesting to watch the cooks at work.  The restaurant itself is very cool looking and provides a very nice atmosphere.My friend and I both ordered burgers with fries and a shake.  The burgers and shake were good, but not in any kind of life changing way.  We both got sweet potato fries that were, frankly, lackluster.  Neither one of us ordered alcohol, or any beverage aside from water.  Still, our check at the end of the meal exceeded $50 before tip.  I understand that on The Strip things tend to be more expensive, and I was completely willing to pay for a great meal.  However, the meal was not great.  It was only okay.  If you find yourself near the Mirage and in need of a burger and shake, you're better of going to In and Out.  Similar quality, vastly more reasonable pricing.
2	So so burger,good service. I was not impressed w food.
4	I love this place and love that there is a BLT in Manhattan too!  My sis and I split the Wagyu Truffle Burger which was OUTSTANDING!!!  At $20+ and not including any fries, it ought to be!  The fries and the sweet potato fries were both delicious ... I love fries that are served in paper cones!  My mom had one of the salads with grilled salmon and that was so good too!  My dad had a regular cheeseburger which he also loved.  Not that there was much room for dessert, but we did get a kid sized mocha milkshake with 4 straws, just to taste.  Decadence.
3	Me and 3PR ended up here on a whim, but it was actually really good.  I had the kobe slider trio and one of their milkshakes, and I wasn't disappointed.  Service was not great, it wasn't really clear whether or not our waiter was ever going to show up to take our order, but once he did things improved a bit.  The burgers are quality and so are the shakes, I would recommend both.  Definitely overpriced, as I somehow ended up paying $30+ for what I had.  That's Las Vegas for you.
3	I sampled several of their burgers, and I felt they were all missing something.  On the positive, the buffalo fries with blue cheese were surprisingly tasty!  At the price point, it's not worth it, head over to Gordon Ramsey's restaurant and get a 21- burger that will leave you happy.
3	I think if you like burgers it's good but I wasn't that impressed. The portino was good ( spicy) one but not worth 20. Counters way better or even gordon Ramsey's burgr.  Shake eh.  But in a pinch I'll go there Also their table system was slow. Tons of open tables but they take people in order vs by seat size so you sit there going huh? Tables before me have 5 so they waiting but 3 tables of 2 are free yet I'm still waiting.
5	I had to leave the family after a nice vacation and fly into Las Vegas for a business meeting. Arriving a day early and having the night free I ventured into this place, ordered a terrific hamburger with slabs of thick bacon and watched some March madness. Everyone was attentive and helpful.
3	I went here about four days ago with my boyfriend for our burger craving since I've had it bookmarked for a while. It seemed a little small inside but it had modern appeal, a bar area and several TVs.As for food, we shared the money business shake which was banana flavored with Reese's peanut butter cup pieces. It wasn't as sweet as I thought it would be and had a homey taste to it. It tasted of fresh banana, none of that artificial stuff. I got the American Wagyu Burger which had truffle aioli, brie, spinach, portabello  mushrooms and of course wagyu beef! It was delicious! It reminded me of the funghi burger at Holsteins except for in this burger, you could taste much more of the meat and the truffle flavor wasn't as extreme (which doesn't bother me but anyways). I would definitely eat that again! My boyfriend got the I-80 Burger which had peppercorn crusted bacon, bbq sauce, sharp cheddar, and caramelized onions. Delicious also! You could really tasted the peppercorn which made it a little different from the typical bbq bacon cheeseburgers. Both were good portions, about the size of Gordon Ramsey's burGR, and the meat had more distinct flavor in it compared to Holstein's and burGR.  The only thing about our food that I didn't care for were the two orders of fries we got. I got regular curly fries and they seemed a little stale, like they were cooked in advance and were just sitting for an hour or two under the heat lamps. Pass on those. Next, my boyfriend got buffalo fries which are fries drenched in buffalo sauce topped with feta and green onions. It's a good concept just not executed great. The fries were super soggy! It would have been a little better if the sauce was just drizzled on.Our service was nothing special, she was friendly enough, and checked on us twice to make sure our water was filled and didn't take forever to bring out the check so it was still good even though she was really quiet.Overall the food was delicious, but I still think I would choose BurGR and Holstein's over this place mainly because I liked the shakes and fries much better in those other two locations. If this place wasn't in Vegas, where it has soo much competition, I think ratings would be much higher.
4	Place is fun, but just a tad bit overwhelming. Portions are pretty big, so great for sharing. Their shakes are tasty and unique. Burgers were good, and I loved their fries! Ordered the nachos with bbq pork as an appetizer, not a huge fan of that one. Everything else made up for it. The line might look intimidating, but it goes quickly and it's worth the wait.
4	Ordered the interstate 80 burger. I liked i. Huge portion for myself. The meal with a beer was very satisfying. Asian waiter needed some personality tho.
3	Super sad let down. Don't know if they were too tired but it was late and I wished I would have went to Mickey Dees across the street. The burger was ok, I orders the blue cheese burger and it was drowning in balsamic. I had to take it apart to eat it. The fries, $5 for them and cold... Ok , lukewarm and hard. Never again.
3	Good burgers - went twice.Ordered an appetizer the 2nd time... not great.Will go back for the burgers.
3	Great service, mediocre food. Frozen patties and fries. Food comes lukewarm. Great concept. Poorly executed.
4	Next to In-N-Out Burger, BLT Burger is my favorite burger joint in Vegas.  Food is great, burgers are flavorful, and the staff is prompt and friendly.  I also like that you can see the chefs cooking the burgers from basically anywhere in the restaurant.  If you haven't eaten here yet and you're in Vegas, give it a try.
1	Awful. Awful. Awful. Came in at 11:30pm on a Friday night with a large group. We asked to sit at all separate tables as we didn't mind not sitting together and it was more important that we get in and out in a timely manner. Instead we were sat altogether.  Our server came over to greet us and we informed him we would need separate checks, to which he responded, "It will take a lot longer to separate your checkout. It would be better if you could just all throw cash in." ....um duh. If we could all throw in cash, we would. He continued to give us attitude and was rude throughout our entire meal. Now, the fried pickles and milkshake were amazing. But when our burgers came, the patties and fries were cold. Like cold cold.  Not even a couple warm bites or warm in the center. Because our food had taken so long already and all we wanted to do was leave, we kept our mouths shut, but under any other circumstances, we all would have sent out entrees back. Our checkout process was an absolute mess to boot. Hector was our server.  Maybe he had a bad day, and I don't mean to judge, but geez Louise he was a disaster of a server in all areas. If you're a hot mess, the least you could do is pretend to be accommodating and friendly.  Needless to say, not one member of our group will ever be returning, but I'm sure the place does well enough without us, considering most of their patrons are drunk and can't tell the difference.
3	I thought this restaurant was just okay. My rating is based on the food vs price. The one thing I didn't like is that everything is a la carte. I ordered the Caesar salad which was good. It was pretty big and I didn't finish all of it. My husband ordered the basic hamburger. It was just okay, nothing special for the price with no sides. I would only dine here again if the other restaurants were too crowded.
4	Very nice place, burgers are extremely good, so are the shakes too. Service is also very nice. If you're in Vegas, this is definitively a restaurant to go to.
5	Good tasting burger and never had one cooked so perfect. Also  a decent atmosphere. I did not get any fries with mine so I am assuming those cost extra for all you that need fries with your burger
4	Cool place! Good burger and excellent service.. I was pleased with my burger. Give it a shot u want be disappointed.
5	Great food and a casual atmosphere.The food is good.  I recommend the brisket nachos.  They are delicious.  There are lots of TV's and it is open to the hotel and casino floor.  Great place to grub.  I have never had to wait for a table there.
4	Flying into Vegas at night around dinner time can be a little challenging...strangely enough.  The last thing I want to do after checking in my hotel is go wandering around trying to find a decent place to eat after traveling, snacking, and sitting on a plane all day.  So, I always do my research in advance and low and behold I found that this place was open late as we were staying at the Mirage.Yes, there are places open late but finding a GOOD place open late is a challenge.I'm sure I've walked past this place many times as they have many higher end burger joints in Vegas so when we found it, of course it looked familiar.A little pricy, yes...however you get what you pay for and the quality of food here was great.  I really enjoyed it.  I didn't get a burger, I got a california chicken sandwich and ordered the draft beer & fries combo.  I can't recall the price offhand but coming from Chicago, the prices weren't unreasonable.  There were a lot of tasty looking shakes on the menu as well as adult shakes such as blue moon + sherbet.   Honestly, the menu was so amazing I wish I could have eaten here twice ... I will definitely keep this place in mind when I return to Vegas.They have a "to go" counter here as well.
4	I decided to give their salmon burger a try and it was by far the best  I have any where else by a long shot.I loved the tangy sauce, greens, avocados and tomatoes that went with a very tender salmon on a fresh onion roll.  If you like stronger flavors I think you will like this one very much.Sweet potato fries were obviously good, but not as good by the time I got my share of the last batch.  (barely warm and a little stale)Service was great at the bar, good beer selection too.The hardest working people in the place are the cooks and people preparing the food.  They work behind the bar in a grill area where you can watch everything made and they were working their butts off to keep orders moving.  Impressive work.
1	Customer service is pretty terrible. The greeter was rude and the server was worse. "What do you want to eat" is not an appropriate way to introduce yourself as your  server. The food wasn't bad but definitely not worth it if you are going to be treated like a piece of shit.
3	The burger was really good, didnt like the fries but It was cool
1	Came here with my grandmother for a late night snack. We ordered the spinach dip which came to us in a hot little bowl but realized the dip was COLD. The waitress was kind enough to send it back to heat up. What we got back, I assume, was our same dip put into a different bowl since it was a smaller amount.I took a bite and it tasted bitter and barely warm. In all honesty the dip was terrible. It tasted like horseradish was put into it and mixed around. I stopped eating but my grandmother ate more.We finished and paid and went up to our room. In the elevator my grandmother said her stomach didn't feel well. Once we got into our room, she ended up vomiting for several munutes!! My stomach felt weird as well but I have a strong stomach. Whatever you do, do NOT order the spinach dip!
3	I thought this place was adequate for a midnight snack.  I had just got in to Vegas and checked in to my suite for a bachelor party and was famished.  After finding out that In-N-Out closed at 1.... we stopped by here for some late night eats.I can't help it, love onions and mushrooms on my burger.  I went with the Shaft's Blue, blue cheese, balsamic caramelized onion, and mushrooms and a strawberry shake.Both were solid,  I was lusting over my friend's simple Classic burger though.  Not that this place is bad at all, but in the day with many more options, would be surprised if I would come back.
4	I have been here several times.  I had the wagyu beef burger.  It was almost as good as the first time I ate this burger.  I ordered it medium rare.  It was served the right temperature, but for some reason it was not juicy.  It needed a bit more fat in the meat.  I also had onion rings.  Just excellent.  The star of the meal was the black and white milk shake.   Completely awesome!  Service was very quick and friendly.  This will not be my last visit.
5	Mmmmm!  I can still taste that nutella milkshake.  Hands down the best shake I've ever had!  Since hubby and I were staying at the Mirage, we used our free $50 Expedia food voucher to try this place out our first day there.  We liked it soo much, we came back here one other time during our short stay.  Hubby liked the blt burger and I liked the california chicken sandwich.  Totally recommend this place!
5	This by far is the best burger place I have been to. Shake shack is second. I have been there twice and both times had excellent burgers. The waffle nachos were delicious. I've had the blue burger and the sliders. All great. Excellent service and beer. Would highly recommend.
2	Was not impressed with my burger at ALL. Very bland and when you're paying 15 dollars for a burger, it better taste amazing. My favorite part of the meal was the fries.And to top it off the server we had was inattentive and  impatient with our table. I felt more like I was doing him a favor by getting my order done than being cared for by him. *sigh* so much potential. So little follow through.
1	Came here last night & had the worst experience ever! I ordered the bbq wings & fat fries. When my food came out, my wings looked burnt. I ate one and they were horrible. I sent them back & continued to eat my fries. When finished, I noticed my left upper lip had swollen. I asked for a manager and he didn't seem concerned at all but I did feel out a report. I will never go back to this place. I'm not allergic to any foods so I knew it had to be this place. So enter at your own risk!
3	A high end burger, fries and milkshake joint in a hotel.  I noticed this is the new trend.  The burger was tasty of course.  I liked the fact they had different types of fries (I had the waffle ones).  $22 for a bacon cheeseburger, fries and a coke is excessive.  I don't care if its in the Mirage, the burger was 7oz and the fry size is not large (is a cup).  I spent $60 for two to eat.  It was not worth more than $50.
4	I was pleasantly surprised to see non beef burgers on the menu.   The salmon burger with water crest was delicious.  The portions ample for sharing.   The downside is that it is inside of the Mirage so you would need to enter the Mirage to eat here.  If you are staying in the hotel, great. I wouldn't enter the hotel just to eat here though.  Service was friendly,  nice booths, but loud.
4	Great burger. Easy atmosphere.  I had the Gouda burger which is sitting in a pool of melted cheese. Delish. The buffalo fries were awesome. Service was good. I was alone and the waitress was sociable. Burger meat was medium cooked perfectly. Slightly on the salty side. But overall great.Went back later in our trip for late night fried pickles. Different, but good.
2	Very bland, I ate a burger that had NO flavor. I have never had to put salt and pepper on a burger but i had to on this burger. Ribs were on of the entrees of the day, they were horrible! It was like eating rubber with cold BBQ sauce
5	I really didn't have any expectations for this place.  We chose it as it was one of the lower priced pre-fix dinners before our show that evening.  Well, we were all blown away with the food.  Most of us ordered some variation (toppings) of a burger.  The seasoning was amazing, all were cooked to perfection.  Our pre-fix came with a selection of appetizers and desserts.  I tasted the pickles and waffle bites.  The pickles look like they are heavily breaded, but they were surprisingly very light tasting.  The waffle bites were just as yummy, full of flavor.  We were all so stuffed, we couldn't imagine our desserts, but we ate as much as we could muster as they were also amazing. Most everyone at the table had a shake, I had the brownie bite sundae (fabulous) and another person at our table had the pie of the day (banana cream), which she didn't really care for, but she did like the flambeed bananas on the side.  We all left with overly stuffed bellies and totally satisfied with our meal.
5	I have been here a bunch of times and each time the service is great and the food/drinks are even better. My last time in Vegas I went twice and my only complaint is that it is a little steep, but I wouldn't expect anything different for a place in Vegas.This time while eating there I decided to be a little different and get the California Chicken and it was so good that I got it the second time I went there. One of the best parts of eating here are the adult milkshakes! I got the Fuzzy the Bear and Malibu Barbie, which were two different choices for me as well (I usually get the All-Nighter, which is awesome) but they were both delicious and will definitely find their way into my rotation.This place will definitely remind on my must stop at while I'm in Vegas!Oh yeah and I almost forgot I love their pickles. I cannot find another pickle like theirs anywhere and I just want to buy a jar and bring it back home!
2	Go to Keller's Burger place  - better meat, better sides and much better managed.While tables sit empty, they keep a nice line in front for no apparent reason.Got orders wrong, then told me it was my fault.  Then redelivered my burger without pickle on side and cut in half.  Have you ever tried to eat a large burger with your hands when the kitchen cut it in half?  Either a mess or a knife and fork.The meat tasted a bit mealy and the pickle (I tried my Wife's) was among the worst I've had.Unless you're at a local convention and have no other place to go, don't go here for the food.
3	It was late afternoon, and we were hungry, so we decided to eat at BLT since it was in the hotel we were staying at (Mirage).Maybe because of the time of day we went, but it wasn't busy at all, so our party of four people got seated right away.The menu is just the right size, with enough options to keep it interesting, yet not an overwhelming amount to have to study and narrow down to just one choice.Burgers, sandwiches, apps, sides, shakes, floats, beers, etc.We ordered a pitcher of Hoegaarden, which came out to about a beer and a half for the four of us. The worst part of our dining experience was our waitress' beer pouring. She began pouring the first glass with one hand. Everyone knows you need BOTH hands to pour beer - you need to tilt the glass and pour it on the side so that the head isn't ridiculously large. She didn't do that, so while she was moving on to pour the second glass, the first one began overflowing and got everywhere. She laughed, apologized lightly, and wiped it up. My friend jokingly said that we should get a free beer for that, but either she didn't hear or didn't care to respond. Either way, beer was wasted and we didn't get compensated for her mistake.Anyway, moving on to the food...I decided to get the ahi tuna spring roll but they were out of that (another disappointment), so I ordered the California Chicken on wheat instead of a sesame seed bun. The food came quickly and looked appetizing. The portions are reasonably large, but they should be for the amount you're paying. The California Chicken tasted alright.. a little too heavy on the avocado.
5	We stopped in here for lunch after visiting the dolphins, lions, and tigers in the Secret Garden. Our meals were out of this world delicious. DMD had a BBQ bacon cheese burger that was cooked just right and tasted amazing. I had the turkey burger. This was epic!!!! It's hard to make turkey burger but this place has mastered it!!!! It was so good!!!!!!!!!!!!!! The atmosphere was eye appealing also. I liked the wood ceiling and walls. They were a bit pricey but well worth it!!
2	I think the quality has gone down at this place. We've been several times before and probably won't be back.  The burger was really bland and over priced.  A basic burger with bacon and cheese was $15. Fries cost extra.  For $15 you can't include the fries?!? To add insult to injury, if you order fries and a soda it's supposed to be $7 extra according to the menu but they split the soda from the fries on the bill and charged $7.50 extra. I know it's only 50 cents so I didn't complain but it's things like this that make me wonder what else they are being dishonest about.  I was so disappointed with the food that I didn't even bother ordering my favorite shake... Which was the whole reason of going here in the first place. I really hope they read this review and make some changes.
2	Not impressed at all, even after all the hype. For being a gourmet burger restaurant on the heart of the strip of Las Vegas in the Mirage, this place does not measure up to par. However the fault and the experience was not diminished by the whole staff. Personally the only thing that was outstanding and really is the glue holding this place together is the wait staff. So humble, so attentive to your every need, not once did I have to ask for a refill. They where always there like Eve was to Adam. Thank you wait staff at the BLT Burger.Now the food was another story. See when a place like this is grinding their own meat, its something special. I decided to go with the Highway 80 burger and I told the nice waitress I wanted it cooked medium, she nicely replied that itll be pink in the middle and I nodded in reply to show that I comprehend.  Excited to have a 15 dollar burger that might be worth every penny, I  recieve a well done burger. Now what kind of chef, wait no wrong title, I meant to say cook, overcooks ground beef? Cmon man. Is it that BLT burger has gotten into the habit of what every franchise/company does by hiring desperate underpayed, unexperience and unmotivated cooks who cant even cook meat to its appropriate temperature and serve fries that have been sitting around and where stale and cold.Please dont make the same mistake I did. This place is over priced and is just meeting their quaterly profits by pure hype. Dont try this place and thank me later.
4	Watched a show at the Mirage and afterwards came here to eat. They had excellent sliders, fries, and buffalo wings. I would have ate more if I hadn't drank so much! The grade of meat they use here is excellent and service was very good. Would recommend you try this place out if you want a good tasting hamburger. They even have wagyu burgers!
1	Total disaster! The service was slow and the waiter arrogant. After 30 minutes of waiting the burgers came and one was over cooked. We sent it back only to wait some more than the manager got involved. After another 20 minutes the new burger came back raw!
4	The burgers are amazing! It doesn't matter if it's medium or well done, they all taste amazing and are extremely juicy! The staff is nice. Not rude or extremely kind. You will be at your table fast no matter how packed! The USA game was on and everyone was sitting at their table not planning on leaving anytime soon, but we still hopped in line and we were seated in less then ten minuets. The only thing keeping me from giving it 5 stars is the price, but to some it might be worth it.
5	This was an excellent meal!  The service was fast and helpful and the good was fresh and you could tell only the freshest ingredients were used.  Had the Blue burger which was great.  Also had a spiked red, white and blue shake they were doing for the 4th of July holiday weekend and I never wanted it to end!  It was delish!    I highly recommend you stop in here if given the chance.
5	I'm a very picky eater and my boyfriend is a huge burger fanatic. We have heard good things about this place and decided to give it a try and we both were very pleased. I had a wonderful chicken sandwich and a great cocktail and he got a burger with a spiked milkshake. I highly recommend this place. Yes it can get pricey, but what place in Vegas isn't pricey. You will really enjoy this place I promise!
3	I saw the Burger Wars on the Food network and decided to check out all the hype. BLT won against Strip Burger & Holsteins so I was expecting a lot from this burger. As expected, service at the bar was good/efficient & overall ambiance were very cool, but sadly the Interstate 80 & fries were just OK (not great, not worth the price - but they have to pay for the expensive real estate in the Mirage). I have to try the other 2 places when I'm back next time. I don't mind paying more for GREAT food and that is what I've come to expect after all these years of coming to Vegas. It's too bad that this didn't really come close to delivering. :(
2	My friends and I came here because we wanted to eat something quick at the hotel we were staying at, and since most of our options during lunch were limited, we decided to come here.Food:American Wagyu was just okay. When you see the words wagyu and truffle in the name and/or description, you can't help, but get excited to see how they executed the dish. I'd have to say that it was quite the fail. While I did taste the truffle, it did little to mask the dryness and blandness of the meat.Buffalo Fries - I don't know why it's one of their specialties. It's just fries with bleu cheese and buffalo sauce on the side. It definitely doesn't warrant the price tag.Service: Our server was a ghost! I didn't see him/her at all. Someone else took our order and a different person brought out our food.
4	I was not expecting much when my group decided that this was where we were going to eat. For me it was just another place to get a $15 burger, and there are more then enough of them in Vegas.However, I was surprised at how quickly we were able to get a seat and how good the service was. My drink was never empty, the food came out quick and my order was correct.I wanted to try something a little different and was feeling a little more adventurous (thanks alcohol!), so I went with the Tex-Mex Burger. Basically its a chili burger and it was awesome! A little messy but that is to be expected with an awesomely overloaded burger. My wife was kind enough to share some of her BLT burger which was equally as good as mine. It seemed like you just can't go wrong ordering anything here. The fries were above average but nothing to out of the norm.  Even though it is a little pricy for a burger it was worth it.
4	The American Wagyu burger (truffle aioli, portabello mushroom) was awesome, the 80 burger (cracked peppercorn crusted bacon, sharp cheddar, BBQ sauce, and caramelized onion) was delicious, and the lamb tandoori burger was gamey...but if you love lamb, maybe it'll be your fave. The buffalo fries were okay, and not even close to being as delicious as the buffalo fries at Guy Fieri's restaurant in The Quad. Seriously, Guy's fries are incredible. The BLT Burger buffalo fries are just curly fries with some bleu cheese and green onion on top, served with buffalo sauce and bleu cheese dressing. Guy Fieri's buffalo fries are this twisty thick-cut crispy fry, tossed in a little bit of buffalo sauce, covered in bleu cheese crumbles, and served with more buffalo sauce, Guy's "Bluesabi sauce" (wasabi bleu cheese dressing), celery and carrot sticks. If you like buffalo and you like fries, you've gotta check them out at Guy Fieri's joint. Cereal.
3	The burgers were okay. They were a little bit on the drier side. The burgers are a pretty good size. You can get a burger combo, with a side and alcoholic shake.  The shake was pretty good.  All in all, the burger isn't anything crazy special, there are better burger places on the strip.
1	Terrible. Burger came out way overcooked, and my bacon was burned black. I didn't have time to send it back, but I made a point of speaking with the server and telling him that considering the price of the food, it should be cooked properly. I was given a minimal discount and left still hungry. I left about 1/2 the burger uneaten. It was just too burned and tasted nasty.
3	I got the pimento burger. It's a typical gourmet burger place. It was really good. A little spicier than I thought but that was ok. Their mudslide shake with Oreo cookie was really good. For ~$13 per burger, you would think fries were included. Nothing else is included with that price.
5	Had the BLT Burger with cheddar, steak fries, and a Berry Me shake. OMG! It was amazing! Going to have to go again before vacation ends! Most excellent burger and the service was great!
4	Love the place. Every time I feel like treating myself I go there. Kobe beef burger is the best, although it is big!!! Not complaining of course.. Come early to get a spot, it's a busy place, but the wait is worth it.
3	Good variety of food but my complaint about any restaurant in Vegas is that the food is so overpriced that I've already lost my appetite by the time the food's come out. Anyway, their salads, milkshakes, barbecue nachos, and ahi tuna sushi are not bad. But really I might have only liked it because I was staying at the Mirage and did not feel like dragging my body around Vegas in search for food. Who eats in Vegas anyway?
3	Had high hopes for this place but was a let down. I ordered a Tex-Mex burger and it was bland tasting. In that burger, the chili had mild flavor, the avocado was okay and the medium level cooked meat wasn't proper tasting. The tandoori lamb burger was decent. It had a good mix of flavors. The burger prices were high and didn't include fries. They serve half pickle and it tasted bitter. Good service, nice menu variety. Disappointed by some these gourmet, fancy fast food joints. 2.5 stars.
5	Crowded, but if you get the pimento cheese burger & buffalo fries you won't be sorry.
2	We came here for lunch because we heard they have excellent burgers...what a waste of money. 4 burgers, 2 orders of fries and 1 Coke with 20% left for tip came to $116. Worst part...the service was not good and the food was not that great either. The waiter was not very attentive, first not filling up our water so we sat without drinks. Then after he brought the food he disappeared, so we could not tell him that one of our orders of fries were very overcooked and we did not want them because they tasted very bad. Also one of the burgers was missing cheese...we were however still charged for the cheese when we got the bill so that mistake was on the kitchen, not the waiter's fault. So in our visit the waiter screwed up twice and the kitchen screwed up twice. Considering the price of the meal i would not recommend this restaurant to anyone.Everyone agreed that their burgers we ok, decent flavor but nothing special. So i would rate the burger itself 3 stars over all. They were ok.
4	Chose BLT because the line at Carnegie Deli was so long. I'm Glad I did! I had the burger with smoked Gouda cheese sauce was wonderful. The fat fries are seasoned wedges. Very good. Good service as well.
3	This place was a-okay. My friends and I dropped by this place for a quick bite before our Cirque du Soleil "Love" show. The Kobe sliders were decent, but the meat was a bit on the dry side. Maybe more sauce would have made them better and mask the dryness a bit. The waffle bites were okay as well. They consisted of criss-cut fries with cheese, bacon bits, jalepenos, and sour cream on top. The guys also order Jameson whiskey with pickle back.  We recently discovered this combination when the guys were in New York. It sounds weird but is actually refreshing. Our server had never heard of this before and gave it as a mixed drink of Jameson and pickle juice all in one cup. He was nice and polite about getting the drinks fixed when we explained that we wanted shots of Jameson with pickle juice as chasers. The service was a little slow, but at least they fixed the drinks without any hassle.
3	Stopped by BLT for lunch after taking the kids to the Gardens.  Wait for lunch was only about 5 minutes.Service was mediocre, not good but not terrible.  The waitress' shirt said "Tip the waiters, not the cows."  I chuckled because she more closely resembled the latter, but I'll stop there so as to not be cruel.   We waited about 10 minutes before a drink order.  Honestly the poor lady didn't seem like she wanted to be there and wasn't very eager to serve us.Food took about 15 minutes.  We got the BLT burgers.  Nice sized burgers.  Although we ordered them medium they came medium rare.  Not a big deal to us but some people may be displeased.  Order medium well if you want a medium.  Adding fries and a Coke adds $7 (!!!) to your $14-20 burger.  Rip off for sure..  But that's Vegas.Overall, not a memorable place but not horrible either.  Typical overhyped tourist trap that the Strip is known for.I posted a video panorama of the joint. If you appreciate the pure majesty of a Spielberg type video production, don't miss it.  ;)
5	Chicken burger with pesto, cheese, onion, sun dried tomato was awesome.  As was horseradish cole slaw!   Buffalo fries are amazing.
4	Awesome burger, big and juicy. Expensive though if you want fries and shake. Friendly waiter. Watched the Mirage volcano show right after it
4	This place has good burgers on the strip. I would go back next time in vegas. My wagu burger was tasty and the meat was of good quality. I found on that night my fries good but on the cold side. The onion rings was really good. The plus size is that it is not overly expensive. The service is just okay (vegas style).
4	Nice place. Service wasnt quick but wasnt slow, which was fine since the place was busy. I split a burger with my wife and had a shake for $27. Food was great.
3	Decent, not mind-blowing burger.  A little expensive for what you get.  Wait was short, though it's in the Mirage casino which tends to get busy so we might've just lucked out.  Nothing particularly special, but if you're hungry and have a burger craving, this is a good place to go.
1	Wow, what happened to this place??? Walked up to the podium to get a table and the 2 hostesses finished there conversation after a few seconds and the. just looked up at us...no "hello" or "How can I help you"??? Requested a table for 2 and they walked us to the table and just walked away without a word. It was like they were mad at us for interrupting their conversation. While looking over the menu we watched what appeared to be the manager behind the bar us her bare hands to fix her hair, eat something and then go straight to makeing drinks touching straws and garnishes...ewww. Decided to just have water.After about 10 minutes of people walking by an  not acknowledging us we asked a busser for a waiter. Our waiter, who passed by us 3-4 times without saying a word, rolled his eyes when approached by the busser. We walked out and went to Carnegie Deli...best choice of the day!!!
1	Overpriced for what you get. The burger was dry and not worth $15. I could get a better burger at Smash Burger for $8. I ordered the waffle fries and they were over cooked and seemed like they sat for awhile before being served to me. Also tried the marshmallow shake and it just tasted like vanilla ice cream, also not worth the $8. I would not return here. Save yourself from being disappointed and don't go here.
5	One of the best burger joints in vegas.   All of the food I have ever eaten there has been great.  The chicken wings are huge and cooked perfectly.  I've had 4 burgers here on different occasions: cowboy, Pimental, salmon, turkey.  All were excellent. Management rocks here!
3	It was our first night at the Mirage, we were super hungry after having both a delayed flight and delayed shuttle, and we were eager to use our $50 room credit. That said, this hit the spot for us. I got the BLT burger with sweet potato fries, and the boyfriend got the Kobe slider trio with buffalo fries. I learned a very important lesson here: always ask how big the burgers are, especially in Vegas. At home, I'm used to medium sized "big" burgers and and expecting an average size every time, so I forgot that everything is bigger in Vegas, literally. Welp. My burger was so high that it would've required two mouth-lengths (for lack of a better term) to even bite into all at once. That's not to say that it wasn't good. It was delicious, just very intimidating and I couldn't even finish it all. And with the prices that were charged, I felt very badly for not finishing the whole burger. The sweet potato fries were good (as always, I am a sweet potato fiend). I did not try my boyfriend's kobe slider trio (in hindsight, I should've gone with that instead - much more manageable portions), but we did share the buffalo fries and OMG! Amazing, amazing, amazing! I am daydreaming about them right now. Buffalo wing sauce, blue cheese dressing (mmm, mmm), and (I think) chopped green onions to top them off - just simply wonderful. I would and could make a meal out of just those. So, to recap - the food is great, the service was friendly and not overbearing, but the prices are a little shocking. Luckily, we had our dining credit and paid the difference, so that took some of the sting out. I think we'd go back again, now that I know what their portion sizing is like and what their pricing is like.
1	Don't order your burger medium. Or medium well. Medium was cold and RED inside. Our order took 30 minutes to get to our table. My wife ordered hers Medium-Well. The server said ' it took 30 minutes because you ordered this one Medium-Well. What??? Good thing she didn't say we'll done!Our Sweet Potato fries were burnt.Our server Diego was very nice and apologetic. The manager,  who removed one burger from our bill never apologized only gave several ridiculous excuses.Never again.
4	This place makes really good burgers and their buffalo fries are pretty darn appetizing... But, I would come here solely on my craving for their PB & J milkshake called "The Lunch Box". Vanilla ice cream, grape jelly, peanut butter, with whip cream on top. Boom! Yes, yes, yes & YES!
5	The best burgers we've had in a while! Hands down my wife doesn't like to eat meat but wrapped her hands around on of the Tex-Mex burgers and all she could say was awesome. Great service for it being a Friday night we walked right into a booth.
2	You know when you go to Vegas you're expecting pretty terrible service be it hotel or restaurant, but I had hopes for this place.  Was excited when I got here, but when I ordered a burger with cheddar an egg and avocado and got a chicken sandwich with bacon and sundried tomatoes I assumed it was a mixup.  They refired my meal and the next time I got a burger with bacon and onions.  The waiter chucked the whole thing off and I just took off the toppings I didn't want or like and ate the plain burger because we were late for a show.  But to charge me for all the incorrect toppings at the end - AND the toppings I never even got!?
1	My girlfriend's BBQ chicken nachos were not any good and the hot wings had a weird taste to them that made me feel sick. Won't be eating here ever again.
3	We only had about an hour to eat before we had to go to a show we had tickets for, so we decided to stop in BLT Burger.  It didn't look very crowded which was a plus.  Service was very friendly, food came out fast, ambiance was great.. but one thing wrong. The food was just not good! I had the Tex Mex burger, which came with chili, cheese, jalapeno, sour cream, and avocado.  WOW, that must be packed with flavor right? Wrong! Another thing I didn't think... I ordered my burger medium, but it was rare as all get out.  Now reading the reviews.. I see that's common. I should have gotten well done if I wanted medium. Bleh. The place is overpriced, we paid $60 for 2 burgers, 1 order of fries and 2 drinks. :-/ Will not be back.
3	We are constantly on the search for the best burger in town. During our last vegas visit, we checked out BLT Burger given the rave reviews it had gotten. It was okay... I mean prices are ALWAYS high in Vegas, folks, so let's not even discuss that. Let's talk about the important thing - food!The shake was really good, we had the oreo cookie shake and it was plenty to share. The fried dill pickles also hit the spot and the breading was really tasty. Our burgers came out and unfortunately the bacon was wayyyy to well done and that turned us off a bit. Other than that, they were tasty. I didn't like that there was no lettuce, tomato, onion served alongside the burger. That should always be available in my opinion in case you want to add some of that fresh crisp to your fried goodness. The service was slow, but waiter was very friendly and seemed to enjoy his job, which is always a nice change from the disgruntled, hungover waitstaff you can run into at some Vegas places :)I might return to try it out again, but would most likely opt for Burger Bar instead.
2	fired pickles are never a disappointment.. However the sliders werent good at all.
5	I love this restaurant!  This time, we had the 80 burger and the classic burger (plus cheddar and avocado).  They came slightly more well done than we ordered (the burger ordered med-rare arrived medium, and the burger ordered med-well arrived well), but were still juicy.  We ordered the fat fries and the curly fries, both of which were great.  Our server, Missy, was fantastic - the perfect mix of chatty but not overwhelming, and was totally on top of service.
3	This was a great place for burgers my turkey burger was awesome and the server was great.
3	The OREO milkshake was OUTSTANDING...probably one of the best I've ever had.The burgers were huge and pretty good but a tad bit overdone. The onion rings were also overdone but at least there were TONS, enough to share with a few left over.The wings are worth a mention though. Very hot & crispy with a great dipping sauce, their version of ranch. Wish they served them with carrots and not just celery but don't want to pick cause they were REALLY good wings.Our server was nice, when she was around but thankfully we were on vacation and in no hurry.Would I return? Probably not. Just nothing there to really go crazy about, especially not for the $55 we paid for lunch. That part still kills me but it is Vegas so...
4	Loved the food here! We were looking for something quick and casual and found this place at the Mirage. There was a small line but it was constantly moving - took us 5 minutes to get seated.Service was excellent! We loved our server for his friendly suggestions and amazing attitude... just made the meal taste even better.Highly recommend the American Wagyu burger... medium done. It was perfectly tender and juicy, way better than some burgers I've had at more famous, chef-backed joints. The flavor of the portabello mushroom mixed with the truffle aioli...  just mmmMmm! Also liked Grandma's Treat (shake). Sweet but not sickeningly sweet, and just the right amount of Makers Mark blended with the caramel so the alcohol flavor came through but it was still easy to gulp down. I actually preferred this one over any of the ones at Holsteins but I'm sure those that love their hard liquor will disagree with me.
4	Ate at BLT with a group of friends during a small convention. Overall great place with strong service. Only drawback is that they offer almost nothing for those that are trying to watch what they eat. I mean, yeah, it's a burger place and the name tells you what you're getting into. I can accept that. Ordered the veggie salad with grilled shrimp. The salad is about the only thing you can order if you're trying to be careful. With that said, it was very, very good. Lots of vegetables, great dressing and the shrimp add-on was outstanding.  Prices are a tad on the high side, but it's situated on the strip inside a mondo property. It is what it is.
4	First thing we ate in Vegas after checking in to the Venetian across the street. Ambiance - 4 Stars: We liked the decor. Cool Edison style light bulbs, Wood ceiling, and the kitchen area behind the bar was pretty cool as well. Service - 4 Stars: It's a burger place, so nothing over the top to be expected. Service was on par, waitress wasn't overly pesky nor was she invisible. Food - 4 Stars: I ordered the BLT burger w/ American cheese and the Fat Fries with a Nightrider milkshake. The milkshake came out first, and I almost wish this is all I had! It was super delicious. The burger was quite good as well, not the best I've ever had but definitely top 5. I wasn't a huge fan of the Fat fries, but got them by recommendation from the waitress. Fiance had the I-80 burger, curly fries, and Tucan shake. These were all super delicious, and she really enjoyed it. A bit expensive, but as we later found out - all the food is inflated quite a bit. I was sort of shocked when the cost of a burger and fries was around 20 bucks, not including the milkshake. Our bill was around $80 for two, which is a large amount for 2 burgers. If you're looking for something better than the Food Court for lunch, I would certainly recommend BLT Burger.
4	Quick lunch after walking the strip in the blazing heat! No wait even thought it was lunch time on a Saturday. Our burger good, got crisscut fries and the wedges. Burger was a little small and small side portions. The 4 stars is for the excellent service. Our waitress was so friendly and our water glasses were always promptly refilled-much appreciated for the Labor Day weekend Las Vegas heat :)
4	The burger was great.  It was a good size, but not too big that you can't finish it.  I got the 80 - BBQ, bacon.  It was delicious and cooked perfectly. I also got the waffle fries, which were good as well.  It was $15 just for the burger and another $5 for the fries.  This price was pretty steep considering it was just a regular sized meal.  I'm good with the size of the meal, but would prefer a lower cost.  I balanced the thought of the high cost with the fact that it must be good quality ingredients.  I was staying in the Mirage and was going to the Beatles Love show so I placed my order to go, ran up stairs to change clothes and then grabbed my food to go.
5	High quality ingredients...very flavorful burger made with 3 meats.  Best meal at the Mirage.
5	Located on the ground floor in the Mirage. Probably the Best Burger I have ever ate !!!The meat was juicy and flavorful, just the right mix for a perfect burger. I had a well done burger w/ bacon, cheese, lettuce and tomato. We had waffle fries, regular fries and sweet potato fries, all were good but not great. I prefer the fresh cut boardwalk style french fries.The ambience is of a nicer, classier restaurant. The food came out quickly and our waiter was attentive to our group quickly fulfilling any of our requests for refills and condiments. I highly recommend going to BLT Burger to satisfy your burger urge !
5	Probably the best burger and shakes I've had in my life, and belief me, I'm a burger connoisseur.  The week special burger was unforgettable - Angus, Portobello, Spinach, and Gouda. Paired this with a great shake which included a shot of espesso, kahlua, baileys, and coffee ice cream. The only negative was that the food was a bit cold for restaurant temp, but who cares, the food was amazing.
2	Over priced food! Service was great! Milk shake was amazing! Curly fries were luke warm like they had been sitting around for awhile. The burger was exactly as described, but not special at all. The I-80 was rather bland.
3	Basic burger and onion rings were good not great. Decent meal if you're at the Mirage but otherwise I'd look for another option if I was inclined to go elsewhere.
2	Had the Route 81 burger with sweet potato fries. The burger had peppered bacon, carmelized onions and sharp cheddar cheese with BBQ sauce. Well, where do I start?  The bacon was old, black and hard as a rock; maybe yesterday's?  As for BBQ sauce, it was nearly non existent; about a tablespoon or so. I ordered the burger medium; the waiter said it would come with "pink in the middle," it was well done like the bacon.   I couldn't even choke it all down. The sweet potato fries were great as was the Stone IPA I had. That's something...For all the hype this place has gotten, their food didn't deliver.
4	3 1/2 stars would be more like it, but I'm rounding up because some of it was that I wasn't feeling super spiffy.  Stopped in early on a recent Sunday morning when they first opened, but late enough that we couldn't get a booth and had to get one of their small two-tops.  (not overly comfy).Server Gal was fine.  Ordered Teas and our burgers (waffle fries for Husband).  Took awhile.  But when they arrived they were perfectly cooked.  (medium well as requested).  Still juicy.  Nice grill flavor.  Good bun.  My only criticism was I didn't detect any of the BLT sauce I had requested (which I had been told would come on the side anyway and it didn't seem to come anywhere).Husband liked his Shaft's Blue just fine.  Was it a jump-up-and-down Vegas dining experience? No. Was it a quite good one near where we needed to be at the time (Mirage hotel)?  Yes.
2	Stopped here for a quick lunch. I had a burger + onion rings. My S.O. had a salad.They screwed up her salad order with dressing on the side and then took quite a while to correct it.My burger and rings were average. Nothing special here.Cheers to all
3	Enjoyed the burger. Was Definitely a messy burger but had good taste. Their selection of fries was ok...we had the buffalo fries with blue cheese and it was just to overpowering. Service wasn't as good as I expected but a good place to eat if you don't want anything special.
1	Save your tastebuds!This review just goes to show that you should take other reviews to heart before trying a place.I ordered the classic burger with Swiss and a side of sweet potato fries. If it weren't for the fact that I was starving, I would have sent everything back.The burger was supposed to be medium and it was raw. The menu didn't say anything about the toppings so I had no clue there was raw onion on it. Ewwww! Talk about a rude awakening when taking the first bite.Now let's talk sweet potato fries from hell. They have to be from hell cause they weren't cooked - they were cremated and had a horrible ash aftertaste. Ugh! Can these cooks not see that burnt black is not a desired color for fries!
1	came in for a quick dinner last weekend (10/4/14) and left feeling scarred for life. my burger was nothing spectacular, but it was a long day and i wasn't going to complain......that was until i took a bite and bit down on something really hard. we immediately got the attention of our server and she brought it back to the kitchen. when she came back she informed us that it was a bone and that because they grind their own meat, bones sometimes gets into the burgers. WHAT THE F$@K!!! i bit down on a bone and she acted like it was no big deal.it happens sometimes?!! how the hell does that happen. that should never happen, ever. i'm so disgusted. my meal was comped, but the lack of concern is horrifying. i'm baffled that the manager didn't come out to apologize. ew
5	Very surprised to read some low reviews on here.  My buddy and I checked out BLT burger after Googling "best burgers in Vegas" while here for a conference.  He had gotten takeout the night before and loved it.The atmosphere is very cool as is the decor.  We each got burgers (blue cheese for me) and the spiked milkshakes.  WOW!  The fries were hand cut, cooked and seasoned perfectly.  The burger was a beautiful medium and fresh off of the grill.  Admittedly I drank most of my shake before my food came out and I wish I could have put away another.  BLT Burger will be a 'must have' place every time I'm in Vegas now.  Great food!
4	Pretty surprised from the bad reviews. Every time im in Vegas i have to stop by blt burger. Easily the best buffalo wings in my life, really good fries, potato fire and onion rings. My burger was cooked to perfection. Decided to only give 4 stars because  had a bad experience with my last waiter but besides that Ive never been disappointed eating here and Ive been here at least 10 times. Ooh almost forgot to mention there deep fried oreos and other deserts are amazing also. Never tried the shakes yet, not a shake person
4	Adult milkshake-delish. Slider Trio- amazing.  Nachos- legit. Was stoked they were open late when the munchies hit. Service was mediocre but food made up for it.
1	If I could give this place zero stars I would.  We've eaten here a number of times as you can see that this is an updated review. the fact that the place was almost empty should have been our first clue.  Went with friends because the guys wanted burgers.  Server was prompt and brought drinks and took our order.  Since my friend and I didn't want burgers we opted for the salad special of the day - spinach steak salad.  Sounded good and it said there were tons of things in it.  The server asked how we wanted the meat cooked, medium rare and dressing on the side.  The meal came - the beef on the salads was so tough you couldn't eat it and it was cooked until it looked like shoe leather.  The server came by, we complained and she took the dishes back to the kitchen.  then nothing.  The men finished their burgers and we waited and waited and waited.  I finally asked for the manager after watching the server wander around doing nothing.  He came, we explained and he was almost snotty when he said well he'd take care of our bill and go find the missing salads.  He came right back so they must have been just sitting there.  The steak was still overcooked and tough and the salad had one cherry tomato cut in half and a pile of spinach.  It was horrible and neither my friend or I finished ours.  It was so bad that I actually complained to the hotel operations manager.  First, if you are going to advertise a salad as a special, make it special.  Second, if you have a problem then the server should have been standing at the shoulder of the chef making sure the dish was corrected and came out of the kitchen quickly.  There are lots of burger places on the strip, don't waste your time on this one.
1	The menu lists a $7 charge for upgrading any burger with soda and fries and when the bill comes $3.50 is listed separately as a soda and the other $3.50 is included in the burger line item. Confusing pricing scheme and mediocre food.
4	The final food stop on our Vegas adventure!My cousin and I wanted to get a quick bite to eat before heading to a show. We just happened to walk by BLT Burger. We took a quick glimpse at the menu in front entrance. Since time wasn't on our side, we decided to dine here. We found some seats near the bar area since seating at the tables were scares. Our bartender/server hand us our menus. I was already decided on what to order, but wanted to check out the drinks offered here. I opted out on alcohol this time since we had to be up early the next morning. I order the cream soda, since I've haven't had it in a very long time. It must have been a popular drink since I ordered the last bottle in the restaurant. The soda was clear and crisp. It had a gentle taste of vanilla. For my main course, I went the the kobe slider trio. I wasn't really hungry, but could be satisfied with this small burgers. The slider trio came with slider flavors consisting of BLT, BBQ Onion, and Blue Cheese. The kobe patties were tender and juicy in all three sliders. The bacon, lettuce, onions were crispy and crunchy.A little steep on the pricing, but was expecting to pay a little more since we were in Vegas. Service was excellent!
2	We went to BLT Burger after a quick google search, which listed this place on a Forbes "12 Great Las Vegas Restaurants For Every Taste & Budget" list. So we figured, hey, this place is gonna be pretty great! WRONG! The most I can say about this place is that the sweet potato fries were half decent (there again still not the best I've had). I had the BLT burger and my husband had the route 80 burger (not even sure if that's what it was called) but both burgers seemed to be frozen patties that you would get at a fast food place. Very surprising for a restaurant inside a hotel on the strip in Vegas. We were both hoping for a fresh, juicy handcrafted burger, but that's not what we got. And to top it all off, our check was $70 for two burgers, one order of fries, a beer and a milkshake...what a rip off! Find somewhere else to spend your money.
3	My friend and I were visiting the Mirage for an evening show.  We wanted to grab a bite to eat beforehand and a burger sounded good.  We were greeted and seated immediately.  The dining area was clean but the speakers for the tvs were very loud.  I realize we were in the casino so I let it go.   Our waitress did an amazing job.  She was friendly and very attentive.   A good tip for her indeed! I decided to try the Cowboy.   The burger was topped with bbq chipotle, onions, bacon and pepper jack.   This burger was cooked perfectly and had a great flavor.  I ordered the sweet potato fries on the side.  This was the first place that I didn't enjoy them.  It was almost an overdone consistency yet not burned.  Just a weird flavor overall.  I usually don't complain about the cost of my meals but I have to say something.  2 people, 2 burgers & fries with water = 45.   Hmmm. The burger was good but not worth going back.  I would recommend a different place if you must eat in the Mirage.
3	3.5 starsLocated right at the entrance to the Mirage by the fountains across from Harrah's.Fairly priced for a Strip Hotel joint.  There is a big selection of burgers and shakes.  Not a bad stop for relatively inexpensive meals.
5	Our MUST STOP restaurant every time we hit vegas! The chilli is incomparable! That's seriously all I order it's so hearty and thick a cup is all you need!
3	3.5 stars.The burger was pretty tender and cooked medium, but lacked any real flavor. The onion rings were a bit too sweet to have that I-want-eat-more-of-it draw. Lastly, the pickle tasted like a raw cucumber rather than something that was pickled.
2	This review is based on our visit tonight. The Ceasar salad was wilted and the croutons were soggy and lacked flavor. We had to return the bowl of chili, it was loaded with CORN. We ate here in August and there was no corn in it. The food server said he would talk it off our bill, he did not offer to get us something else. I noticed another party was returning their burger. He had told the food server to make it well done, which it wasn't. We observed our food server tell the manager about our chili, but never did the manager come to our table to apologize. Unacceptable! Earlier in the afternoon we did have a shake to go. Their shakes are yummy!  Strawberry a little runny, chocolate rich and thick.
3	Overall average food at inflated prices (but that's Vegas for ya). Great for larger parties and for watching whatever game(s) are on. They literally have three TV screens stacked on top of each other, each playing a different sports channel. To be honest, I had to think really hard back on what I ordered.. nothing really spectacular. The lamb burger is pretty good. The lamb is not too gamey, and the mint-cilantro sauce isn't too heavy.  +1 star for the superb service. Funny story, the waiter heard my bf & I 'debate' on whether to get curly fries or sweet potato fries. We opted for sweet potato, but when our order came out, it was half sweet potato and half curly fries! We didn't even think about getting a half-half order, and the waiter said, "I figured I could meet you guys halfway". So attentive :)
5	I came here after I left the wax museum. I had the lamb burger, cooked medium with a beer and fries (for an additional $10), but it was well worth it. the burger is huge and I only ate half plus the fries and drank the beer. Our waitress was great, very friendly and attentive. Thank you!!!!!!
5	I can take a party of 10 here and get great service.  Server got all our orders correctly and was attentive throughout.  He also made great suggestions and was detailed when describing the menu.   The manager Michael was very nice when checking on our table.  I made a comment about not liking sesame seeds.  He insisted to send my burger back for a wheat bun instead.  I will always show my friends the restaurants that I know will take good care of them. I love truffle. The American Wagyu is great with the truffle aioli and Brie cheese. I like the fried pickles also.
5	I'm not really sure why all the marginal reviews of BLT. I went in at a fairly busy time and was seated fairly quickly. The server came by and took our order quickly and the food and drinks came out quickly as well. I had the 80 Burger, which has bacon, BBQ sauce, grilled onions and cheddar. It was exceptional, possibly one of the best burgers I've had in Vegas, and I've tried a lot. My friend had the Texas Burger with no bun and he seemed very happy with it. The waffle fries were good, but not great. The onion rings were excellent! Because there are so many great restaurants in Vegas, I rarely go back to the same restaurant twice, but I will definitely go back to BLT.
2	I was excited to try this place based on the reviews, but the burger had no flavor (I watched them cook them and they don't season the patties. Also, the patties look frozen, and are definitely pre-made and come out of a tub.) I'd honestly pick McDonald's over this place based on the flavor alone, not to mention a burger + fries is $20+ here. Do yourself a favor and go to Gordon's Burgr: you'll get a better burger for the price.
3	If you're going to get a burger in Vegas, BLT Burger will leave you disappointed.  You are much better off going to Holsteins in the Cosmo, where the burgers are phenomenal. I recommend BLT Steak wholeheartedly, but next time I'll pass on BLT Burger.
2	Although the waitstaff was good, the food was underwhelming. I had the classic burger with onion rings. The onion rings were greasy and the burger was nothing special.
4	Very good burgers. Had the BLT with blue cheese and it was perfect. Simple but expertly prepared. Will come back again.
2	Went to this place with my family for lunch and this place wasn't as good as I remembered when I went here the first time. The Hispanic hostess with her hair tied back in a ponytail was pretty rude when I requested to move to another table because it was cold where we were sitting. She could tone down the attitude, it's not like I was asking for something so difficult. The waiter was okay, but not very talkative and just took our order without seeming very hospitable. I ordered the route 80 burger and it was basically just a step better than a bbq burger you can get for much cheaper at Carl's junior. $16 for a burger with burnt, super salty bacon with a dry party is definitely not worth it. I ordered my burger medium well and it was not cooked that way. I would have requested a new burger, but judging by the attitude of some workers, I'd rather not risk then doing something weird to my food. The skinny fries are basically just regular fries that have been reheated. Do yourself a favor and save your $5 or order the onion rings instead. On the bright side, if you manage to finish the whole burger, you should be full for a while. I would not recommend coming here if you have a burger craving. Check out Guy Fieri's burger bar or go to Holstein's for amazing burgers and shakes. Save your money for those places!
4	After battling the New Years Eve crowd, we made it back to our hotel! This place was open so we decided to eat here. FOOD Southern Fried Chicken Salad - I wanted to eat something less greasy since it was so late. I enjoyed the dressing and the fried chicken bites were tasty. I would get this again!Kobe Sliders - My boyfriend got this and there were three small sliders, all different flavors. I liked each one equally. Good flavor! He got a side of curly fries as well and those were nicely seasoned.SERVICE - The staff here was friendly! They greeted everyone a happy new year. They were pleasant and upbeat. No complaints. We would definitely come back!
1	Do not eat here. Or be careful if you do. I got food poisoning from a burger. I had the blt and it was deceit but then 5 hours later it went south real fast. Eat here at your own risk.
2	After seeing the battle of burger show on TV I anticipated eating a delicious juicy hamburger. My husband and I both ordered the classic and shared the curly fries.  After almost an hour wait at our table for our burgers the waitress came back announcing the cook had lost our order. She quickly took our order again indicating she would talk to the manager for our inconvenience.  Our burgers came quickly but both were under cooked. We politely just ate them and learned our fries would be compensated. After eating we asked each other was is good, would we come back, and would we recommend it to others. Sadly with our entire dining experience our answers were no to all the questions. Vegas is a very competitive place for vacationers to spend money and quality service is expected.
2	Meh, average burger, everything a la cart, very very expensive. Had 2 burgers, 2 fries, and 2 shakes, it was over $50.  It was our first introduction into the high prices of food at the strip's restaurants.  Hubs has the bacon burger, just 2 slices of bacon on it, I had the blue cheese mushroom burger, just average.  Shakes were tasty, fries just blah.  Try The Pantry in Mirage, better food, but still expensive.
3	I was staying at the Mirage and after walking around Vegas we stopped here to have dinner. I ordered the Buffalo Burger with Waffle Fries and Beer. The burger had the right amount of spice for Buffalo sauce and since the sauce wasn't gooey it wasn't a messy eat. I don't know if it was just my burger but the bread felt a little too dry towards the end.. The place in total is fine but the burgers seem overpriced but thats the premium you pay if you dine somewhere in Vegas I guess ?
3	We sat at the counter which allows you to watch all the bartenders and the cooks in the back. it was kind of nice, but i would rather people watch in Vegas, you know? the burger was delicious and i enjoyed my fries and milkshake as well. It was comparable to other places i had been and the prices were reasonable (for Vegas anyway).  The wait was short, but had we waited for a table in lieu of the bar, we would have waited longer. if i ever go back to Vegas i might try this place again, but there are so many other options, only try this if you are really, really, really craving a burger.
4	This was our last day in town and with spirits high and cash low we decided to splurge one last time.  The service was excellent and our server was very helpful in suggesting a few burgers.The wifey had the Lamb Burger made with eastern spices and it was delicious in fact I stole a bit of it after devouring my Wagyu Burger which was OK.The place was in the Mirage and typical of any busy Casino eating joint.
2	The problem I see is even though this place is in a casino and is mostly frequented by tourists who don't tip or are rude to the staff, not everybody is a out of towner and the staff shouldn't treat everybody as such.  do your job and you might be surprised.  This place was such a huge disappointment.  I asked for a Medium patty and it was RAW, I like pink, it was RAW.  I didn't even bother sending it back as our server was so in the weeds I was happy when we got the check.  The place was also SUPER HOT, inside a climate controlled casino, why was this place as hot as the surface as the sun.  Will never go back.
