4	The second location of Bombay Spice is now open!  It's conveniently located on the north west corner of Tatum and Shea in the Whole Foods/Soma Cafe shopping center.I went with a group of 7 on Tuesday night for dinner and 6 out of 7 of us loved it... sorry again, Marc - I felt awful that we all enjoyed and you did not.  Let me explain:Since I'd been to the 16th street location before, i suggested Bombay Spice to mix things up a bit.  The group I was with are pretty healthy health conscious so I thought they may enjoy Indian food done healthy...We shared the chickpea ceviche as an appetizer and then most of us ordered the different rice bowls as entrees.  We had fun with the variety of sauces too.  Favorite choices included the cauliflower, eggplant, chicken tikka masala, and veggie tofu tikka as well as the mint, hot, and curry sauces.  Unfortunately, Marc is allergic to onions and everything he attempted to order had onions in it.  By the time he placed an order for plain chicken and rice, we were all almost done and the kitchen was slammed and didn't prioritize his order (as they should have).  So, Marc didn't eat.  :(I will return for sure for the food - it's prepared for the health conscious eater and it is not as heavy as traditional Indian Food - I happen to like that!  NOTE: if you are allergic or really hate onions, be careful about ordering so you don't starve like my friend Marc did!
4	3 stars for the food with an additional star for originality, service and decor.We were a bit hesitant to try Bombay Spice after reading Mr K's review on their first location.  It seems that the owners have taken Mr K's advice to heart and upped the level of spice.Bombay Spice offers a healthy interpretation of Indian food by not deepfrying, not using butter, ghee (clarified butter), or cream.Unfortunately this means that the Samosa loses all crunch with the filling steaming up the outer pastry.  The potato filling was nicely spiced  but that still didn't make up for the soft exterior.The Chickpea Ceviche - a grander name for the Indian street snack Bhel Puri on the other hand would have benefited from more spices.  The Pappadums that are offered with it is a nice crispy contrast to the cool and tangy combination of chickpeas, cucumbers, tamarind, mint and coriander.Not sure why I ordered the Seared Scallops in landlocked Phoenix.  I still remember Spike on Top Chef this season madly drying his frozen scallops and still did not manage get the crispy outer sear on his scallops.  Similarly these had a nice dark sear but the exterior was not in the least bit crispy.  The veggie skewer accompanying it had nice smokiness from being chargrilled.The lamb chops or more appropriately lamb lollipops on the other hand was overly spiced.  We wish it was served with some starch or even a few slices of cucumber for contrast.A great alternative to the usually heavy Indian food.  I will definitely give them another try in hopes that they get their spicing under control.  I love the decor and the way the chef came out to describe food reminded us of ourselves at our ice cream shop.  Hooray for independents with innovative original concepts!
5	I've driven by their other location about a million times and I've always said "we've got to try that place someday..."  Well, last weeked, after arguing a bit about where to eat (a typical conversation at my house), we pulled in here on the way home from the shop.  I am so glad that it is on the way home from work...this was one of the best meals we had in a long time.The restaurant is pretty new, and you can still tell - at a new place, the staff is abundant (there appeared to be two hostesses for this small 35-50 seater) and everything is hyper clean.  I loved the decor - simple, yet bright and cheerful (although the homemade school project art was a letdown).The menu (once explained) was interesting.  We both had combination plates so we could sample different flavors and sauces and we had a blast eating off of each other's plates.  The Beef Tikka was probably our favorite.  The curry isn't too strong, but the curry sauce added a bit of punch and heat that seemed to be missing from the dish itself.  This probably helps those diners who are spice-a-phobic, but we could have taken a little extra oomph.Overall though, it was a great meal and very affordable considering all the food we enjoyed.  The wine menu was great too - we'll definitely be back.  Congrats to the owners and staff for hitting a home run.
5	Mmm!  Delicious Indian food and a great selection of vegetarian dishes.I LOVE the fact that each dish is mildly spiced, and left up to the individual to customize the flavor depending on which sauces they choose.  I'm a spicy lightweight so it was great that I didn't have to worry about getting something too hot to enjoy.I had a bowl of brown rice, cumin potatoes and tofu masala with a cool yogurt-cucumber-mint sauce on the side.  It was fantastic!  I can't wait to go back....also, I thought it was adorable that we were given a golden dollar coin with our check for "making the drive to their location and to compensate for high-gas prices".  A memorable gesture!
4	I have to say I used to be really scared of Indian food. No longer!My first time with Indian food was definitely a pleasant one. I thought the food was very good and not too spicy. And right now they are doing this Golden dollar campaign where they give you a dollar for coming to the restaurant because they think that is the amount of gas money you spent getting there. How nice and conscientious of you Bombay Spice!
1	This is not an Indian food place. This is a faux indian food. Bland food with no gravy.
3	Just be aware that this is not Indian food. I'm not trying to be rude or offend anyone but a lot of non-Indians are making comments about this place as if they are getting genuine Indian food. That would be the equivalent of someone eating at Taco Bell and then saying they had great Mexican food.Yes, the food is not heavy because....IT'S NOT INDIAN FOOD!  The owner is a multi-millionaire engineer who opened this place with the intent of appealing to the mainstream. In short, this is the PF Changs of Indian food.  It's designed to appeal to non-Indians. The food is deliberately less seasoned to appeal to palates that can't withstand spicy food.  The food has also has several contemporary American twists on it to also appeal to the mainstream. There is nothing wrong with that but Bombay Spice should not be approached as an Indian restaurant but rather a swank a little Indian-American fusion eatery.  If you want to try something different that is still tasty, check it out. If you just moved here and are craving good ole fashioned Indian food, check out Royal Taj, Guru Palace, and Dehli Palace
3	I think the best thing about this place is the bread. Everything else is average and if you want authentic cuisine, this is not it. But its not heavy. The service was not great, although I think the workers tried hard, they just seemed understaffed.
4	I was surprised on how good the hummus was at Bombay Spice.  Having never seen hummus on the menu of an Indian food restaurant, I was curious to try it out.  The hummus had a good consistency and it was yummy on the Naan bread.Bombay Spice offers many dishes for vegetarians.  The potatoes, lentils, and rice are all good.The prices are a little high for everyday dining, but the happy hour specials are great.
5	GR8 little place!  Live so close by, wanted to try for ages, GLAD I FINALLY DID!  Happy Hr is fabby: $4 wines & tappas. LUVED the ChickPea Ceviche - Y U MChicken skewers go well with aboveTwin Humus Plate was a nice changekids menu $4 w/drink - W O WWill definately be back :-)
4	First, I don't give four stars easily, but this place deserves it. Indian food is tough in any city, most of it greasy, and undistinguished. This place was really good, why? First, it was very fresh, not greasy, but authentic. The chicken, beef and lamb tikkas, (skewers) were terrific, all the sauces were excellent....The chapati bread was whole wheat, warm and very nice. Paratha, stuffed bread w chix and potatoes were also excellent. Hot chai tea very good as well, not too sweet....There were only two of us so we could only sample a few dishes, but we will return with friends...All the dishes being served to other diners looked excellent. In very hip cities, NY Vancouver there is a trend toward modern Indian cuisine, much like Bombay Spice...Give it a try, definitely...
5	This food is amazing.  They have a great happy hour.  I haven't had a bad experience yet.
1	do not come here if you want Indian cuisine! I should have read other reviews more closely.  do I really want hummus or ceviche at an indian restaurant? this place is more for wine and tapas.  The decor is very hip and trendy but I dine out for the food and I thought the food was bland and tasteless.  entrees were high at $14 each plate and comes 2 dishes served with rice and chapati bread (wheat tortilla.)food arrived not hot.my friend had vegetarian curry; veggies had that frozen food rubbery texture. cumin potatoes were sour.  My chicken keema and chicken tikka masala was bland and niether dish had flavor.  My basmati rice was clumpy and sticky :(I did not like the ginger green tea. it tasted like licorice. I dunno, maybe I'm too harsh and narrow minded.  I did feel underwhelmed and disappointed. The food is NOT amazing.
2	I came in expecting allot but it just didn't live up to what I thought the flavors would be with a name like Bombay Spice. The prices on the wine are great but the menu is a bit confusing and the food has potential but it needs allot of work. I'm a big fan of Indian culture and food but it's not terrible but there is other places that have great Indian food that I would rather go. overall I give it about a 2.3..... Save your time and money this place is not worth the trip.
3	Have you ever had one of those experiences where you saunter out of a restaurant after your first visit there and you think, "Gee, not bad ... I'll be back," and then the next day you mention the restaurant to friends and they shoot you down. Not such a great place after all, they convince you. Well, in hindsight I see that my friend was right about the food here being on the bland side. Yes, it does seem to be prepared with your arteries in mind. But what is Indian food without creamy richness and sweat-inducing spice? I give Bombay Spice kudos for the innovative plating and for allowing you to order two entrees for the price of one. The happy hour is a terrific idea, and I might be back just for the $4 appetizers and wine.
3	Tough call.  "Indian food with the gloves on" might be an appropriate description.First and foremost I'm going to give it to them for their cleanliness.  Indian restaurants are traditionally holes in the wall that serve food so tasty that you ignore some of the blatantly unhygenic details.  Bombay Spice is very clean which is nice for a change.The food, not bad.  Think "Bistro Indian".  Sort of the place I'd take my relatives that would be worried about eating something "international".  Everything was flavorful but somehow seemed watered down. Staff was nice and the menu offered a broad array of great sounding dishes.  I would probably go back if people I knew wanted to go but if I were by myself I'd go try and find an Indian place that packs a more flavorful punch.My advice is to give it a shot and go during happy hour so you can try a few of their half price starters before making the full commitment because the prices aren't exactly cheap.
4	Stopped by here yesterday at happy hour! Had a late lunch so a friend I shared the carrot souflee (it was good but not quite what we were picturing, guess  we should've asked...) and a couple glass of wine ($4 at happy hour!). Regularly, all the wines are $6/glass or $20/bottle, even on wines that cost quite a bit more at other restaurants. The service was a little on the slow side, but very friendly. Also really like the atmosphere, lime green white and black looks clean and modern but warm. The outside seating area also looked really nice. Will definitely try it again for dinner soon.
5	Good food, good service, good prices. That's all I want out of a restaurant.There are reviews here that say Bombay Spice isn't necessarily authentic Indian food. Maybe it's not. So what? I honestly wouldn't know authentic Indian food if it bit me. It still tasted good. Taco Bell isn't authentic Mexican food either but sometimes it still tastes good.All I can say is that I liked the food at Bombay Spice and there was a decent vegetarian section. I'll definitely go back. If you like Indian flavors and aren't a snob about perfect Indian cooking, give this place a shot.*edit* A few months later I'm moving them up to 5 stars. I've been to Bombay Spice a few more times for lunch and the food is great every time.
4	Menu overhaul did the trick for this place - much better than when they first opened.  New Veg Curry, Naan, and more are good additions, and when you request it spicy hot they actually cook it that way, rather than sending it to you mild with a side of red pepper flakes like they did last year.Nice contemporary feel.  Menu is STILL awkward for Indian cuisine.  People unfamiliar with Indian food probably won't care, but devout consumers of Indian food like me are annoyed when they make the menu so non-traditional (want your Chana in a bowl, plate, or wrap?).Modest wine selection is a nice improvement over what you'll find at traditional Indian restaurants.  Portions are somewhat small.
5	As a health nut Bombay Spice doesn't really satisfy all of my requirements. I would like to see organic produce/meats and wild fish/shrimp utilized in the cuisine, but alas this is still a tasty healthy-ish place to eat. The shrimp curry lettuce wraps are really tasty as is the naan (which again i wish was organic). They do use olive oil, as opposed to trans-fat or something rancid like canola oil, so that is an awesome start. I would say 5 stars for taste and for being one of the healthiest Indian places I have come across. Of course if health is not at all a concern of yours the food here tastes PHENOMENAL.
4	Two words: chickpea cevicheIt's tasty and sweet.
2	I love Indian Food. I'm constantly driving through this intersection and have always wanted to try it.  I finally got the chance and on top of that it was lunchtime and their sign said, "LUNCH SPECIALS".  I arrived around 11 am and the place is empty.  I ordered the "dinner" portion as I was sharing with my child.  $13 for Chicken Curry & Chicken Tikka Masala.  I also ordered a side of plain Naan.  The entree came with a "row" of rice that separated the two choices I made.  The rice tasted like something that came from Uncle Bens--no flavor and every time I scooped up rice there was a lot of water-soaked rice underneath.  The chicken curry and chicken masala tasted the same, one was red the other wasn't.  Again, very little flavor.  How can Indian food lack so much flavor???  The naan was just a flat bread, nothing important about it... but it vaguely reminded me of the frozen Naan they sell at Trader Joe's... and when I started thinking about it, so did the Curry & Masala.  I ended up spending over $20 dollars for my meal that I shared with my young child.  I felt like I could have gotten the same thing at Trader Joe's sans the watery rice for about $10. I gave this place two stars... just based on the great service the waitress gave and another for it trying to be a healthy Indian restaurant.  Trust... go to the Indian Buffet in the airpark, although it's the real deal, it's worth the money and calories!
1	"Bland" and "Watery" are not words you want to spring to mind when you are eating Indian food.  Unfortunately, these are the two words that best described my meal from Bombay Spice.  Being vegetarian, I was excited to see the number of different vegetarian options on the menu, and I was pleased to see that you got two choices for the lunch special priced at $9.  This came with rice (brown or white) and either roti or lettuce (confused as to why they offered this - I would rather a small side salad rather than a plain chunk of iceberg lettuce).  I also ordered garlic naan for an extra $3. I ordered the spinach and tofu (normally this dish is served with paneer- an indian cheese that has a texture like tofu but has a richer flavor), and the vege curry.  Eggplant was not on the lunch special menu otherwise I would have tried that.The food came quickly, but unfortunately, it was really just watery and bland.  They also kind of scrimped on the rice portion.  The naan was "OK" but i've had waaaay better elsewhere.  The food had none of the spices or flavors you would expect from Indian food.  I understand toning down the heat to cater to american palates, but this just didn't taste of anything!  I had a more flavorful curry at my Chinese restaurant the other night, and I've had better curry frozen from Trader Joes!I was also not asked if I wanted the food mild, medium, or hot - never a good sign at an Indian (or Thai) restaurant.  To me it implies they are too lazy to cook the food to order.  Actually if it was sitting in a vat for several hours, that should improve the flavor - but clearly they are not using the right spices because I couldn't taste any, despite the name of the restaurant!I will not be returning to Bombay Spice. Don't waste your money here.
2	Well, at least the owner is consistent.  As with Roka Akor, this place had great style in the decor, but the food just was not very good.  We ordered chicken tikka masala and a curry.  Both of the sauces were flavorful and balanced, but none of the flavors penetrated the meats in the curries.  It almost tasted like the curry was cooked in one pot, the meat was boiled in water and the meat was dropped into the curry at the last minute.  Maybe its the old school in me, but its such a waste to order a meat dish and leave the meat behind.  The search continues for good Indian food in my hood...
2	What a great alternative to Indian food with all those really heavy cream based sauces. BTW, I love them, but they can get kind of fatty. Bombay spice reminds you that you can do Indian, go light, and still have a really good meal. I always get the lamb chops as an appetizer. They are freaking delicious!Entrees you can mix and match 2 different types, what style (bowl, roti tacos, plate, etc). I ususaly get chicken keema and lentils. All the entrees have good flavor, some spice (I like to ask for more) and are nice and filling, but not in a heavy way. Service has been mixed from super nice waitresses who would fit in at any 5 star place to surly and unattentive ones who need to be flagged down for even the basics (like drinks, ordering, asking for check, refills).UPDATE:  I went there the other night with my wife and two kids (4 and 14mo). There were at least 6 tables open and the manager (owner?) came over and told us that there were no tables available. None of them could be combined into a table for four. It was 6pm. I call BS. There weren't any kids there and she gave us a good look up and down then shook her head no. We've been there at least a dozen times with the kids, we order lots of food, tip well and our kids don't disturb anyone. We eat out every night of the week. They are both model citizens. I know the look that I got. We weren't welcome there. Don't worry....we wont be coming back, ever. There's no shortage of good food in this town. We can find plenty of places that aren't afraid to see a young family walk in.  Good lamb chops aren't worth being disrespected.
3	The food is fantastic. It's a healthy alternative to most Indian food. My husband and I have always enjoyed the food. The service, however, consistently AWFUL!!!!  My husband and I don't complain a lot and we know the service industry is tough. Plan to be there for an hour and a half to 2 hours if go for dinner. Drinks never refilled, waited 15-20 minutes AFTER we already finished our appetizers for the server to take our order for dinner. We essentially bussed our own tables. Plan to NOT see your server during and after you eat. Plan to wait 15-20 to get your check. We likely will not go back because of the terrible service.
2	Ate here on a trip.  It was pretty much the only Indian place around, so we gave it a shot.Decor/Ambiance= C.  It's clean, but pretty small and boring- "sterile" for lack of a better term.Service=C+.  Pretty average server and timeliness.  Food=C.  In total we ordered the chickpea ceviche, sauce taster, garlic naan, samosas, and most of the vegetarian entrees.  Everything was ok, nothing bad, but also nothing great.  I've had Indian food that was light, but still tasty.  This was light, but bland.So, it's not bad at all, but it's also pretty ho-hum.
4	Surprisingly good, as I am not a fan of Indian food. The service was good, and attentive. I asked for and received a sample tasting of the featured Masala sauce.  We both enjoyed our meals.  But they DO need to get rid of the "guys" thing.
3	This place touts healthy Indian food - I've never heard of such a thing!Was pleasantly surprised with my dinner. Ordered the plate with lamb curry and chicken tikka masala. The lamb pieces were nice and tender and the flavor was great. The chicken tikka masala was not as rich as I'm used to but it too had good flavor.  Both were quite spicy and made me appreciate the dollop of raita which was served with the meal.   I liked that they gave you the choice of brown rice or basmati. The healthy spin was definitely an upside but it took away from the full potential of flavor.Service was ok. They weren't that busy while I was there but the servers chatted amongst themselves until they were waived down.Food was good but if you're looking for a traditional Indian meal this isn't the place for you.
2	This is definitely not traditional, true Indian food.  We ordered Naan and received...pita bread warmed up and sliced in quarters. The nerve...to label something on the menu as Naan and then serve pita bread that looked like it just came out of a bag from Whole Foods. And today they were out of chicken tikka...gasp, sigh. The chicken masala was bland, but the chicken curry was tasty but not noteworthy.  The chickpea ceviche was good.The service was attentive and responsive. I would suggest to try it at lunchtime to save $ and try a few things to see if you might like it.
4	Food was great, the service could have been better but wasn't horrible.    Quiet location.
5	I was told a while back to try Bombay Spice. My husband and I are changing our lifestyle by eating healthy. This is a great option for anyone looking for a healthy alternative. I liked the option to have brown rice or lettuce wraps. They also have tofu, which is difficult to find at most places. We tried the sauce sampler, seared salmon, chicken tikka masala, veggie curry, and chicken curry. Everything was very good. Was a great change from the usual chain restaurants.
5	absolutely delicious indian fare. can even get completely vegan. it's small inside, but they turn tables quick so you shouldn't have to wait long. for our own food, we waited only a few minutes before we had piping hot, tasty curry on our table. we had the chickpea ceviche (recommended by our server) for an app and it was so fresh and cool and crisp tasting. then onto the bombay plate, 5 picks of entrees with lettuce wraps and each thing we had was sooooo good....spinach and tofu, vegetable curry, eggplant curry, vegetable makki, and lentils. came with a little roti bread and we tore into it. for desert, we could only the sorbet since the other options had allergy inducing pistachios, but it was a nice cool, rich tasting treat. our server was severely genuine and sincere, and made us feel like valued customers. of course, she was from alabama so we would've expected nothing less. a pleasure to have her taking care of us. a great place and i know we'll be back here. 30 bucks for two with 2 large apps, a large entree, and desert.
4	So being the foodie that I am I am always down to try new places, this place had a table at the last Yelp event I went to with my fiance and we really enjoyed it so we thought we would go in and give it a try.I thoroughly enjoyed everything that we tried and it all lived up to what I know about Indian cuisine. Spicy and good.The only thing I disliked about this place is that the service was a bit slow. they only had one waitress working the whole place in the middle of lunch rush, which I thought was a bit ridiculous considering that there were 14 tables with people at them...seemed like a bit much for one girl even though this place is a bit small and you had to wait quite a while for your refills. Besides that the waitress was very friendly and informative, I would not go out of my way to go eat here again but definitely enjoyed the food and atmosphere.More like 3 & half stars.
1	So after my negative review, I was offered a chance by the restaurant to come and re-try their food.  I responded via email to the manager, never heard back... Way to add salt to the wound!
4	Tried Bombay Spice last night. After reading the website and reviews, it seemed like it would fit perfectly our combined need to finally find good Indian fare in Phoenix AND not blow our calorie budget (husband and I are trying--and succeeding!-- in losing weight). Success on both counts!It was Saturday at about 6:30 and we were seated immediately. The place was almost full. We sat on the patio, which was lovely, but might get too hot during the summer (I didn't see any misters--You're Welcome, Mother Earth!).  Service was attentive, and our waitress gave us several recommendations. We ordered:Somosas (baked, I think, not fried, which made them a little messier to eat but still very very tasty).Naan (chewy, moist, naan-y...yum)Grilled Shrimp skewers (a little on the skimpy side, but very tasty, and served with grilled peppers and onions and a delightful mint sauce).We each ordered individual entrees with basmati. They encourage you to order the two-entree choice, but we were trying to avoid over-ordering, and it turned out to be exactly the right amount of food. I ordered the Cauliflower and potatoes, which was moist, savory, a little spicy, and very tasty, albeit lacking a little in the sauce department (I would have liked a little something to spoon over my rice).Husband ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala, which was exceptional. They claim that they don't use cream in their food, so I don't know how they made the masala sauce so creamy and good, but they did and I'm not going to question it any more! I would have licked the bowl if we had been at home. Next time I think we'll get some apps again but try the Bombay Plate to share, which is 5 entree choices and rice. That way we can try a whole bunch of things. $35 before tip for naan, two appetizers, and two single-choice entrees. Not bad for a Saturday out. We'll definitely be back, even though it was  kind of a drive for us.
2	Definitely not authentic Indian food...felt like fast food Indian food at best.  Service and atmosphere were just ok.
4	I don't consider Bombay Spice an authentic Indian Restaurant; more of a modern and healthier version of the Indian cuisine. I appreciate their healthy take and their vast vegan and gluten free options.I have been to Bombay about five or six times over the course of the last year, and have eaten some of their items at Yelp events. I have never disliked any of the items I have tried, but there have certainly been a few items I found less than flavorful (vegetable lentil soup, cauliflower, spicy veggie curry).Last week I tried the seared tofu, and it was absolutely amazing. It is an appetizer, but comes with five or six good sized slices of tofu, and I would eat it as a meal. I also fell in love with the DELICIOUS tofu masala. I couldn't be happier with either of those selections and highly recommend them. I also like that you get to choose two menu items and have it served in a variety of ways (plated with rice, lettuce wraps, roti taco, etc). It gives a little extra variety depending on your mood. One complaint I have is that they do not know which wines are vegan. To have a separate menu focusing on vegan entrees and to not know what complimentary drinks are also vegan leaves me a little dissatisfied.Overall, Bombay has good service, a good location next to Whole Foods, progressive menu items, is moderately priced, and has a good variety of items available for vegans and carnivores alike.
1	Not a good place.  In fact, really bad.  Overpriced, aweful service and oh yeah, the food.  Bland, uninspired cardboard.  Avoid this place.
4	Yes, the previous reviewers are right, not an authentic indian, however it is a very good place.  We really enjoyed the paratha naan and the lentil tower.  I had the salmon and it was nicely seasoned.  Chris was very nice to let us try the other sauces.  I am a sauce person so I loved the tamarid sauce that comes with the paratha naan and the somosas.  We would be here every other day if it wasn't because it is a little bit too far for us.
4	Went here with a party of 3 last night (Tuesday) at about 7pm.  The place was mostly empty with just a few diners eating.  The decor is modern, neat and clean if that makes sense to anybody.  It wasn't over the top and you probably couldn't tell this was an Indian food place by looking at the decor at all.I am beginning to like Indian cuisine and its good that there is a place like Bombay Spice that makes it healthier.  This is good because I had no idea that "regular" Indian food was unhealthy.  Oops.I've been meaning to try this place for a while and by chance I found it on Local Dines so I snatched up a $40 cert for $20 ( http://bit.ly/dfR4eQ ).  Definitely a solid find for a solid place and worth it because their food isn't very expensive to begin with.Anyway, the service was excellent and the food came out quickly.  Here is what I sampled:* Caesar Salad - this was weird and I'm glad I tried it but I wouldn't get it again.  It was just Romain lettuce  tossed with some weird Caesar-like dressing.  Our waitress said it was a weird salad but I wanted it anyway.* Sauce Sampler w/ naan bread - this was just ok.  It was worth it though to try their sauces.  Nothing to special about it.* Lentil Soup - I didn't like this.  It was really thick and weird.* Tikka Skewers - Peppers, onions and chicken stir fried.  This was pretty good.* Beef Tikka Masala, Chicken Curry, Spinach and Tofu, and Chicken Keema - all of this was very good.  I got 2 of the above and sampled the rest off of the other plates of my party.  My only real issue is that the food lacked a certain kick or pizazzz.  I guess that's what all the unhealthy stuff that other places use adds to the dish.  I don't know....it just wasn't as flavorful as I would have liked.  I would order the stuff again though.  Perhaps next time I will kick it up a noch with some of that stuff on the table that looks like cinnamon but later learned it was some hot spice stuff.I will be back soon to try more of their stuff!
4	I can't believe the average rating isn't higher for this place. My only real complaint about it is that it's so far away, especially now that they closed their other location. I got hooked on contemporary Indian food not too long ago, and Bombay Spice does it well.
3	Shame on me for thinking the other reviewers were just picky about their Indian food.   Everything you'll read here is consistent with what has been said before.  The food is "healthy" Indian style.  It's okay, but definitely lacks the authentic flavor that traditionally bursts off your plate when you eat Indian cuisine.  The Naan was more like pita bread and the curry seriously tasted like stew.   The Tikki Masala sauce although not as good as the traditional was good enough to eat as an alternative.  If you're going to go to Bombay Spice, go for lunch, it's just not that exiting of a venue to waste on dinner.  Even though the food was just okay, the service was great, so I can't possibly rate them at less than a 3 star.... After all they did deliver "Healthy" Indian food as promised.
2	it's okay, like the vegan aspect. using tofu in place of paneer is not a good substitute, i'd rather go without than have the tofu in there, it's just not the right texture.  Spice level was ok, could have had more flavor, heat level was fine.  The "veggie based" rather than cream sauces they tout are a great idea, but sit/walk by the kitchen and look around, you'll see big jars of veggie stock base. You know what that stuff is? Salt, more salt, msg, yeast extract, and some veg flavor.  C'mon, if you're trying to do healthy then why base all your sauces on fake flavored salt paste and pass it off as a healither option.  Honestly, i'd rather have the full fat, cream laden version that tastes so much better, at least it was natural.
4	Reviews of this place were pretty decent on Yelp, but I thought this place was pretty good.  Granted, I gather it's not as authentic as some other Indian restaurants; this place still holds it's own.  Maybe it's the spice level?  Well needless to say your food should only be so spicy.  My Masala CK's spice was perfect for me.  I can handle a few peppers, but I must say too much is ridiculous - milk please!  The ambience is neat.  The fresh green wall on the bar really brightens the joint and the wine lined up to the top of the ceiling is a great design call.  Our service was okay and that's all I'll say - Enjoy!
4	I went with my young son last night to check out the new menu, and I loved it! I ordered the chickpea curry over brown rice, spicy. It was absolutely delicious, and is alone a good reason to return. We also ordered the lentil patty appetizer, which was good, although not my favorite. They serve a "masala" black iced tea which was unusual and delicious. My son ordered from the kids meal (a backup, just in case), and he chose baked chicken fingers which came with a side of fruit cocktail and a full-sized drink. Overall, the food was a modern, healthy version of my favorites, with courteous and attentive customer service in a beautifully decorated space. Four stars because I want to try more of their menu, make sure service and quality stay consistent, and because they were inexplicably playing a Steve Miller Band greatest hits album during our visit.I want to fly like an eagle, to the sea...
4	I am definitely a fan of Bombay Spice. Their food is delicious, healthy & priced right. My boyfriend & I went there the other night & got an appetizer & two entrees & the bill was only twenty bucks. Granted we did not get any drinks, but if you are going here with the intention of being healthy, you should stick with water anyway!We started with hummus...not my absolute favorite hummus but still a very yummy starter.I ordered a cauliflower curry wrap. I'm obsessed with the naan bread, & the curry made it taste like I was eating much more than just vegetables & rice. Getting your dish "hot" isn't really that spicy (for us anyway...we love spicy!), but ask for their spiciest dipping sauce if you like more bite...I want to buy bottles of it! I saved half of the wrap for lunch the next day & it was still delicious.Boyfriend got the chicken curry entree...basic, but he loved it. Again, it was gone before I could try any of it.I worry about places like these hidden away in strip malls. It is a really nice place, but always seems to be pretty empty when I go in. The decor is neat & modern, not a kitschy Indian place by any means. They have a pretty nice wine list, so it would be a nice place for a quiet date. Hopefully the word starts to get out that this is a delicious, healthy place that is affordable & tasty enough to eat at all the time!
3	This restaurant would be a very nice introductory experience for those who have not previously enjoyed Indian food.For those who have are more experienced with Indian, Pakistani or Afghan cuisine this restaurant will not be a par experience with your favorite family ran establishment.
1	We used to love coming here, but last night was the last time we will ever go. We are not a fan of the new concept - noodles with Indian food - really? The chicken was rubbery and the naan was just slightly better than cardboard. From what I can tell, while waiting almost 30 minutes for our food, is that they have one good waitress, but unfortunately she was not our server.
1	We had enjoyed a meal here about a year ago. We went here again to enjoy a vegan meal.  It was a total disappointment. 1. After ordering a meatless meal, the waitress  brought us a free appetizer with bits of chicken on it.  I thanked her but refused because we did not eat meat.  She made big noise of disgust and returned it to the kitchen. 2. I ordered Naan and got some Roti wrap.  The waitress insisted it was Naan - it was not.  3. The kitchen staff were cutting up and having a good time in Spanish and the waitress was having a great time with them - not conducive to dinner.  4. The supposedly spicy sauce was incredibly bland and I could have had a wrap at Chipotle that was better. 5. Two days after we ate there, my spouse's credit card was used in Egypt and some other country so he had to cancel his card.  So if you go there - use cash.
5	Mouth-Wateringly-Goooood-Food!Nothing on the menu is over 500 calories and the owner is a doctor-nutritonist who spent a lot of effort on craft the menu. It really shows in the quality of what's to offer.Everything looked good and smelled awesome, but in the end one always has to make a choice. So, my wife and I ended up going for the Chickpea Ceviche starter, then Lamb Kebobs and Chicken Curry with extra pappadoms instead of naan to keep it 100% gluten free.  All 3 dishes were a smash hit and washed down with a perfect Mango Lassi drink. Delish. (Wait a sec - the picture that Jessica F uploaded of the 2 dishes and a drink was my lunch!)I'm so looking forward to coming back here for another taste buds extravaganza!The only thing I'd change is that the 2 page menu to download from their website is a whopping 9MB file - it's time to fix that people!
2	Maybe it's just me, but I don't understand why this place is still in business. Okay, admittedly I'm not a big fan of Indian cuisine, but I've been here twice now (once to try it for myself and another time because a girlfriend dragged me here). I just don't get it. With so many restaurants going out of business, how is this one still making a go? I will say the servers are very friendly and attentive. But, for me, that doesn't make up for the lack of ambiance and the food. The place is located in a strip mall and the inside is just okay. Most of the tables are placed close together, so you could easily hear one another's conversation. However, since we were the only people in the restaurant, this turned out to not be a problem. The food is okay, I guess. I'm not a big fan of lamb or curry, so I can't be a good judge. I ordered the vegetarian flat bread and it was okay. I also had an ice tea, but it had a weird and slightly unpleasant flavor. If they don't start drawing in more customers, I'm thinking, they might not be around that much longer?
1	OMG what a nice place ...but the food NO COMMENT . Please save your money for another authentic place. Everything was made sweet to accomodate   The unknown taster's palate . Dosa was as soft as a crepe. Korma had fruit like mango raisins and half grapes in it sweet . Tandoori wings in a sweet and sower sauce ... Nothing was the way we expected an authentic indian pakistani restaurant to be booohooo
5	If you like Indian Cuisine, this is THE place to go. Lamb Chops appetizer- amazing. Entree equally delish!  Great service too!
4	Bombay has done an absolutely fabulous job in menu revisions lately. Being a Vegetarian, it is a fabulous place! There is a tofu or potato option available for all entree choices. There food is also extremely low calorie and healthy. It's so darn good, though that this seems to be untrue! (but it's not). I never feel overly full or stuffed. They have awesome wine specials (20 bucks a bottle for a large variety oftastes-some high end) and some couple's nights deals comparable to most restaurants (20 buckish). Happy hour specials look awesome, though end before I'm off work and head out. I minus one small star for service. Seems mildly slackish at times and not customer centered. It's a small establishment, so I unfortunately cannot blame a busy server/bartender. At times the service does seem aloof. However, if you love modern music, fabulous Indian food, and a wide variety of wine, come hither.It's a great place I feel is trying to improve and I applaud the option of Vegetarian dishes and all low calorie, body happy foods. Kudos Bombay!
4	We used our discount coupon that we bought at Homerun.com to try Bombay Spice Grill.  It was wonderful! Food was delicious, reasonably priced and healthy. The service was great...very friendly.  It was a great experience and we will definitely go back there.
4	Stopped in for lunch. Not fancy. If you want a great chicken curry, come here. Service was great. I'd come for dinner any time. Good wine selection,
4	I went here last week and I am definitely a fan!  I love Indian food, so hearing this is a healthier version of Indian cuisine I had to try it!  I got the Lentil cakes as an appetizer which were really good.  The main course I got was Veggie Tikka Masala.  The sauce isn't what you would get at a traditional Indian restaurant, but it is flavorful and delicious.  I would have to say you can't compare this restaurant to an Indian restaurant, because they are very different.  I would say this is modern Indian food, kind of like PF Changs is to Chinese food. I gave them 4 stars, because the service is alright.  They weren't attentive and we did wait awhile to put in our order and to get our food.  The good news is that they have $20 bottles of wine, so it gave us time to finish the bottle without chugging!
5	AWESOME FOOD & SERVICE - REASONABLY PRICED.  While I am not a huge Indian fan, I AM NOW this place EXCEED ALL EXPECTATIONS.  Our starter was the Eggplant  - it was perfect texture and the brown soy sweet sauce was out of this world - seriously - I'm actually craving it right now.  Next up chick pea ceavecha with crispy wavers - was also dead on - reminded me of a pumped up salsa and the chick peas - again perfectly cooked - amazing flavor.  So at this point I'm sold and then bam - tandoori chicken wings - holly smoke - amazing sweet smoky sauce and best part - NO grease - really quality pieces of wings and drumsticks.  We also had the little rack of lamb app - again - cooked perfectly, wonderful lamb flavor - not too strong - just perfect and presentation was beautiful green rosemary lightly sprinkled on top.  Flatbreads - veggie and chicken - again, flavors were out of this world - cheese was mild, veggies tasted perfect.  Our large group's favorite was the curry - I thought my colleague was going to lick the bowl it came in - it was a bit embarrassing.  Oh and our youngest member of the group got chicken fingers - which were made in house and came with NO grease and lightly breaded.  It made me realize the importance this place puts on the QUALITY of the food.Shout out to a great server - JEWELS - who really is a precious jewel in his own right and as the girls at the table said with some serious good looks too.  They loved his smile - and his dark hair and eyes.  He was very attentive, earnest and always asking if we needed anything at perfectly timed spots in the meal.  He made sure we  we had what we wanted and we had a good time.  HIs recommendations were dead on too - especially with the wine which they have quite a selection.The decor is really cool - I loved the green wine bottle wall.  Seems like something I'd see in NYC or LA.  It's very hip - love the color - it really sets the mood.  That's the other thing -  it has a bar - and that definitely gives it a bit of an edge.  The bar was packed - and they had a henna artist - who was giving Katy Perry like henna on hands and arms.  Someone in our group said this was "Modern Indian".  Everyone in our group said they'd never been to a place like this before and were REALLY IMPRESSED.   So if this place is Modern Indian - sign me up!!!  I am in LOVE with the food, flavors, service, decor.  Best part - is when our waiter told us nothing was over 500 calories.  It was like the music stopped and everyone turned to look at him - HOW COULD THAT BE???  Typically more flavor = more calories.  But I actually believe them because I'm writing this the morning after our meal and I feel terrific - none of that morning hangover from eating too much.  Bottom-line - best damn Indian I've ever had and actually converted me to be able to say - yeah - I LIKE INDIAN - MODERN INDIAN FOOD!!!
2	Lunch time and one waiter is always a gamble.  Lunch took over an hour and all we had was apps.   The chick pea ceviche, lentil cakes and grilled eggplant all had the same over use of one sauce.  Plus lentil cakes came out look warm and the "vindaloo" sauce tasted just like "rooster" sauce.  Too many choices in the area, I will not be returning.
4	I'm happy to be able to update my review.  I do love this place the flavor is unparalleled.  They have changed their menu yet again, but now you can add a vegetable to your dish for only $1 dollar.  This is fantastic!  I love the chicken keema, curry, rice, and potatoes combination.  Its a delicious explosion of flavor.  The service can be spotty sometimes, but come here for he food and flavor.
4	Chicken Tikki Masala was amazing.  Great deal on Wednesday's for date night; 2 entrees, 1 app, 1 desert, 1 bottle of wine for $40. Highly recommend!
4	Does Trendy = Healthy? Well here it seems to. While this is one of the few trendy Americanaized Indian restaurant in town.The big star here for me is the menu. Vegiteran dishes and Vegan ones are all marked on the menu.In addition many menu items can have the protein of choice including tofu and or veggies. And a choice of starch, rice, brown rice or egg noodles. We had two build you own combos, Curry with mixed veggies and tofu over noodles $11.95 +$1 for tofu. The curry was a bit bland and the noodles to me were not the best match, but if it were truly healthy I would be ok with the flavor. The other dish was a spinach dish, with mixed veggies and brown rice. I really enjoyed this dis. $11.95As with Thai food you get to pick you heat level so anyone can eat here.For flavors it was 3 stars the veggie options made it 4. However I did miss the Bollywood music I usually hear with my Indian food.
3	A girlfriend and I have been meaning to check Bombay Spice out for a while but have never gotten around to it until last night. (I found a great deal on LocalDines.com -use ref # 102729 if you sign up! Also, checking in with FourSquare got a us a deal! ) We ended up going a little later (8ish) so there wasnt a wait or a crowd at all which was nice because the venue is a little smaller. The bartender was very friendly, our serve was a little distracted and took a little longer to respond to our needs but she was very nice.We both had wine, the "single glass" serving is actually 2 glasses in case you are torn between splitting a bottle for $20 or just buying a glass for $6.  I recommend the Falling Star Cab, it was full bodied and very yummy. The other wine we tried was the Hob Nob Pinot Noir. It was great, it had a delicious combination of earthy and sweet tones to it. (I am not very good with wine lingo, but those are my unofficial terms that make sense to me.)Neither of us were very hungry but we wanted to sample the fare so we could at least see if we wanted to come back. We got to choose either a free humus or a dessert because of my deal for checking in on FourSquare (POWER NERD! I know.) I really wanted to try the mango sorbet but we opted for the chickpea hummus and roti bread. For those of you, like me, who aren't sure what roti bread is- its much lighter than pita bread and a little thinner than a tortilla. Its very tasty. The hummus was very good, and they garnished it with diced tomatoes, onions and cilantro which i loved!We also ordered the seared eggplant. It was AWESOME. It was a large slab of eggplant with a black sauce that was herby (thats a technical term in case you were wondering). They also served the egglplant with a yellow sauce drizzled on the plate which was sweet and very good, in addition to a small scoop of a red chili sauce (our waitress told me the name and I couldnt remember it for the life of me) which was spicy...I really loved this sauce it was the perfect amount of spice for the eggplant. I will be going back here to try the curry and some of the other things on the menu i cant pronounce. There are a LOT of vegetarian/vegan dishes clearly marked on the menu. Their menu also boasts that everything, except for 9 or 10 items, is completely Gluten free.Good experience, definitely looking forward to trying it again for a full meal.
4	My friend Tina T. invited me to join her for a Wine and Henna event that they host Thursday nights during the summer. For $10 you get your 1st glass of wine and a henna design. While here we also sampled from their Happy Hour menu. I have to say I was absolutely impressed with the Tofu app and the garlic naan. We also tried a chickpea ceviche, the chicken tika and the tandoori wings. Again of all those the tofu was my favorite. The lady doing the henna designs was amazingly detailed. Very traditional henna designs with a paste that turned a very beautiful dark burgundy brown. While it is not your "traditional" indian cuisine, all the wonderful flavors are present. The last thing I want to eat when it is 120 deg out is heavy Saags or cream laden indian dishes. The dishes here are light and flavorful. I look forward to going back to another Wine and Henna event and would not hesitate stopping in for a bite to eat if in the area.
5	I've been to Bombay Spice before and I've always loved their food, it's delicious, tasty and the service has always been wonderful.  I went their recently with friends during yelp eats and was able to have a full menu with wonderful prices.
2	I got a Groupon and was excited to try a new Indian restaurant.  We were seated right away and received our drinks not far behind.There was one server and one guy just walking around ~ not too sure what his roll was.  My husband and I both ordered the "naan bread tikka masala chicken" sandwich.  The "naan bread" was a tortilla and the tikka masala was out of a can (not very flavorful).  The only reason why I knew that there were veggies in the sandwich was because I saw them ~ they also didn't have any flavor.I asked for more tikka masala sauce due to the dryness of the sandwich and it arrived just two bites before I was done.  Yes, I finished my sandwich but that was because I was extremely hungary.We went to try the restaurant due to the reviews but I was very disappointed.  Maybe the dinner menu is better.
5	chris, the manager, is great!their $1, $2, $3 happy hour items are unique and delicious!wednesday nights, they have a $40 special for an appetizer, ewine bottle, 2 entrees and dessert for $40.check out their 50% off deals on www.groupon.com, www.localdines.com, etc!it's a great deal with these coupons!
1	in short: HORRIBLE TASTING FOOD!!! Far from authentic ofcourse.Their selling spiel is all about how there is not butter or oil used. I would have been happy by that as long as they make sure the food is well cooked without too much oil. Their concept is to not use  butter/oil as cooking medium and then serve tasteless, undone food.Samosas were bland and too soft (ofcourse not fried, not even pan tossed well) , bhel puri was a sham- like the worst ever. Veggie main dish was tasteless, very low on salt and spices. If that is a health-diet need, one could enjoy a meal there, but for tasting good indian food- this is JUST NOT THE PLACE.
2	I did the "create your own entree". White rice, tikka masala, lamb. Had Papadam crisps to scoop up the lamb. It was really good. I asked for extra spice (otherwise they serve it not so spicy). It was a bit spicy, but still could of had a bit more heat. On a scale of 1 to 5, I would say the spice was a 3. It was still delicious. I ordered a Ginger Green Tea and it had no flavor. It was mostly water.
5	RAVE ALERT! This place has an AWESOME happy hour! I mean super awesome. The line on their menu describing the food as "Authentic flavors refined" is too accurate to improve upon! All the things that usually make me want to sprint in the opposite direction of an Indian restaurant: buffet style setup, clashing colors, poor presentation, poor service and funky smells were not present at Bombay Spice. In other words, the experience was much less of a culture shock for me; elegant and modern style decor, dine-ware and silverware did the trick. The staff was very friendly and helpful. I can't wait to go back! I had the Indian chai latte, Chicken Tikka, Samosa and Carrot Halwa. Total bill before tip: $5.74. How can I not give this place 5 stars? I mean, seriously! WHAT I'D RECOMMEND: Going for their amazing happy hour, as well as their Indian chai latte, Chicken Tikka, Samosa and Carrot Halwa
3	I like this place.  Its not my favorite, but I will happily go there.CONS: You really need to ask questions about the menu items, otherwise you will literally have a thin layer of peas and potatoes between a tortilla.  PROS:  The food is pretty good, and its easy for a vegan to find something they will enjoy.  They have relatively decent wines by the bottle at low prices and the wait staff is friendly.   Bombay also has special events certain days of the week, which is fun.  Date night I believe is on Wednesdays (with good specials for couples) and they also have henna tattooing on another night. Clean, good food, reasonable prices.
4	Very good service and tasty food. The only reason I didn't give it a five is because of consistency. There does not seem to be consistency in level of spice. We go there often and sometimes spicy means mild to the cook and sometimes it actually comes out nice and spicy.  At our table we had the chickpea ceviche which was fantastic, the korma, tikka masala and curry. All were very good.
4	First time having Indian food ever.  If it's all like this and better.  I'm on board with Indian food for life.  Almost everything on the menu has 500 calories or less.  There's a vegetarian option to everything on the menu.  The food has no added fats or oil.  Which is a new concept for me because I love oils and butter. The flavors come from cardamom,  cumin, turmeric, tamarind, and etc. Constructed in a way to bring out or enhance the lamb, chicken, lentil, etc. I enjoyed in the food even more in the nice modern decor. They have all the alcoholic selection display in a grid like cubical on the wall with a green back light. Highly recommend Bombay Spice as you intro to Indian food. I'm sure it only gets crazier.
3	First off, I should have listened to the reviews...this is definitely an Indian restaurant that is catered to first time Indian food triers. Of course the flavor will be bland when using no butter/cream in Indian food. But it still tasted good, very light.If I lived closed I would definitely come back for the happy hour. Which is REALLY good. A few bucks for small portions of different Indian cuisine = A+! We ordered from the happy hour to start - tofu REALLY good but only 3-4 pieces, 2 samosas yummy for not being fried and my bf got the 3 chicken wings, he said they were spicy. We both ordered from the create your entree section for our meal. I was wondering about the noodles which is really odd to see on an Indian menu. Luckily the waitress said under her breath that they are NOT good and then said after "wow I should really not have said that" I appreciaited it though! I got the brown rice, mixed vegetables and tikka masala. My bf got brown rice, lamb and tikka masala. The good thing is that you can eat the whole dish and not feel really bloated and full like regular indian food. But it was a little bland and did not taste like authentic indian food. It almost reminded me of the trader joe's indian food packs you can buy there. Overall I would visit this restaurant if you live close by and order from the happy hour menu.
2	I've gone to Bombay Spice 6 or 7 times... I keep trying it because the first couple times were awesome. But the service absolutely sucks. Their new manager is awful. Last time we were there our server put only our appetizer order in and not the rest. Our appetizers went accidentally to a table next to us who came 20 minutes after us and ordered the same thing. We then had to tell them we did not get our apps. After waiting another 20 and getting our apps, we sat there waiting for our dinner only to find out they forgot to put it in. Their suave manager, who thinks he's the hottest thing around, was not nice about it or apologetic. A couple nights ago we tried again. I really do like the food and we wanted to give it another go. We brought our 6 week old who is super well behaved and were excited for a bottle of wine and dinner. It took 10 minutes for someone to come take our drink order. We then waited over 30 minutes for our entrees and there was nobody in the restaurant except for a large party on the patio of women (who the manager was SUPER attentive to because he obviously likes a table of good looking ladies since he spent the whole night checking on them and never said a word to us). I approached our waitress to see when our dinner may be coming-- and let her know my quiet baby wouldn't be quiet for much longer. 10 minutes later the food came and I asked if she could bring our check so that we could get that taken care of. She disappeared. Couldn't find her after we finished our meal...so again...we waited. Unreal. I will never go back to this place.Giving it 2 stars because I've always really enjoyed the food.
5	This was definitely a hidden jewel!!! I am so glad that I found it on YELP!!!The food was great. The service was great and the atmosphere was fun and inviting. They seem to have some great prices for Happy Hour also.  I will definitely be back here.  Its worth the drive.
5	I love Indian food.  I'll admit that it's the hardest to judge, in my opinion, due to the lack of what I know about it & the complexity of all the spices.  I also feel I've been slightly ruined after eating at some incredible restaurants in London.  All that said, I LOVE this place.I've never had a bad meal here, and I was actually motivated to write a review because of the service we had this weekend.Let's start with the food.  I imagine that some hardcore foodies probably think their food is not "totally authentic", and they might be right.  However, the food is as good as I have had in other places.  I find their use of spices & fresh ingredients are well balanced.  They have a lot of great vegetarian options as well.The service there is always top-notch.  As mentioned earlier, our server this weekend really knocked the experience out of the park.  I asked her about this hot spice / sauce that is served, and she could see I was disappointed to find out they make it in house (so, not available by some generic name I could get at a specialty shop).  She didn't hesitate to go to the back, and brought be a small bottle of it as a gift.  I was blown away.Finally, I'll say that their bottomless lunch on the weekends is a STEAL, and a great way to try a little bit of everything.  They also have an insanely killer food selection for Happy Hour.I miss living over by PV mall, because I could eat here everyday.
4	Been here many times for lunch and dinner..always tasty, nice selection.  Like the naan.   Esp. like the lamb chop appetizer.  Like the naanwich.  Miss the 16th and Glendale location I used to frequent.
4	After seeing some bad reviews I was reluctant to try Bombay Spice. But I am so glad I did!The food is NOT authentic Indian food. The server even told us when we were sat that it is Americanized Indian food. It is definitely an interpretation. (There was cilantro in my dish...) But as long as you have that understanding before you go, you should be fine.They had an interesting selection of beer and wine. Unfortunately my husband did not care for his IPA and I didn't love my glass of Pinot Grigio. Luckily, the drinks were the only thing we disliked...I ordered the mixed veggies entree with spinach sauce. Since the server told me it was Americanized Indian food, I was worried it wouldn't be spicy and I love a little heat. You are able to customize the spice level, thank God, so I ordered it medium. I thought the plating was attractive and enticing. And the food was yummy... Not swimming in ghee so it goes down smoothly. There was a delicious smoky grilled taste to the food that I loved. I wish it came with more naan. The naan was delicious too. Nice and crispy and garlicky. You can definitely taste the olive oil in the food which I wasn't expected to like. My husband had the chicken biryani. He loved it. The portions are enormous, so I had plenty of food leftover for a yummy lunch the next day.The service was great. Our server was eager, informative, and just a sweetheart.Their brunch and happy hour sound amazing. Unfortunately their happy hour ends at 6, so I wouldn't be able to make after work. I might just have to sneak out early...
3	Went here with my husband and two small children on a Sunday afternoon.  The decor was pretty nice, even if the energy felt low in there.  There were a few families in there with kids.Our waitress was nice and attentive, but she didn't know much about the menu at ALL.  We asked her abotu the bottomless brunch which allows you to try small portions of several different things.  She brought out the menu then, but I felt she should have mentioned it to us as an option without me having to ask about it.We ordered the tandoori wings for the kids (our kids luuurve wings) and two bottomless brunches for ourselves.  Hubby liked the wings, but I thought they were meh.  They had kind of a sweet stickiness on the skin which was a definite departure from traditional dry spiced tandoori wings.  I did go here understanding this is not "authentic" Indian food, but the sweetness wings were a little too much for me.  For appetizers my husband had the paratha, which was okay.  I had the lentil cake tower, which was delicious, and by far the yummiest thing I had there.  The sauces and relishes used for garnish had more flavor than anything else I ate there that day.Between my husband and me we tried the shrimp and chicken tikka masala (passable), the shrimp curry (decent), and the shrimp korma (almost sickeningly sweet).  They do use nice, big, delicious shrimp, which is a plus.  But their sauces leave a lot to be desired.  I am giving three stars instead of two because my husband really liked it, it was kid-friendly (at least in the afternoon), the brunch was a good deal, and it was clean.  But the food did not impress.
4	I already want to go back! The menu had so many tasty options. I love Indian food, and I realize this is Americanized Indian food, but it was rather delicious.  The menu offers gluten free, vegetarian, and vegan options. I ordered the Chef's Special to try the four sauces with rice, naan, and the two ingredients in which one can choose.  The tikka masala sauce was definitely the best, but the others had great flavors too.  I got the vegan chicken and mixed vegetables. It was so delicious, and I am already trying to think of when I can return. The service was OK. It took a while when we were done, and they weren't that busy. However, it's not a big deal.
1	Very americanized indian food with bad bad service. Nice vegan and vegetarian options though... I tried the Chef's special and the four sauces seem to be all a bit off. Only the spinach curry was any good. Any don't go for the noodles! I know, its a weird option and as you know it, weird combo. Went out of my way driving but a huge disappointment.
3	I was told it was the best Indian restaurant ever by a woman who has spent much time in that country.  Not sure what she must have had.  Liked what I had (chicken biryani--I have had better), but the presentation was a bit off...sticking papadoms in the biryani rice made them soggy.  Why do that?  I prefer a less trendy place.
3	Went to Bombay Spice for lunch. Quick, attentive service. Ordered the chicken curry with potatoes and rice. It comes with naan. Food was good. Not exceptional, not bad. Spice wise, it falls short of the explosion of flavors Indian cuisine is known for. I would described it as watered down Indian food, still may do in a pinch if I'm craving Indian.
4	I finally got to try Bombay Spice Grill last night and I loved it.  Wonderful service, great unique and flavorful food and a really nice mellow atmosphere.  We had my book club there and the waitress was fabulous providing us with wonderful service and gave all 9 of us separate checks.  The Happy Hour prices are fabulous!  I would definitely have the chick pea ceviche again - mmmmm!  I can't wait to go back and try more things on their creative menu.
2	Lunched ther today and asked for iced tea; got a glass of dark tea, barely spiced...period. Ordered chicken biryani and the dish included four raisins, three slivered almonds, two small fresh spinach leaves and loads of chicken neatly cubed and somewhat dry. My partner's eggplant sat in a sweet sauce, perhaps the same as the one offered with the samosas. I like healthy food, but I also like tasty food and I expect vegetables to dominate the meat. I will not return to this restaurant; I appreciate the effort to cut down on fats, but the scarcity of spinach and condiments in the biryani is unforgivable. Strikes me that it came out of a large precooked pot in which the ingredients had not been thoroughly mixed. Lovely presentation if that is your number one priority. I'll take the Tandoori Times any day over this!
2	I don't know what you'd call this place - fusion Indian food? Definitely a westernized take on Indian food. The only upside being that they really seem to cater to vegans, vegetarians and gluten-free diners. But the food was just not a good representation of what vegans, vegetarians or even Indians, eat! Terribly bland. I had the mango salad - which had NO mangoes in it. I am pretty sure it should have been called Pseudo Mango salad. If I order something called Mango Salad, I fully expect some nice juicy chunks of the fruit. The boyfriend ordered a Chicken Tikka wrap - supposedly wrapped in naan. Seemed more like a regular tortilla. I had a bite, the flavor was okay. I much prefer the nann wraps at Tandoori Times - they are, for one, definitely wrapped in naan, and two, exploding with flavor - and at the same price.The ambiance was okay, a modern sort of cafe. The service was no good. Really slow, and I wouldn't say particularly friendly. This was the first and last time we'll ever go.
2	Very mediocre food.  I get it's trying to cater to the indian food novice, but really, what's the point?  Authentic flavors refined?  C'mon, you don't need to go overboard on the garam masala and ghee but the lack of "bombay spice" was very evident.  There are far better indian places that offer quality food for the same price or less.
1	One word... bland.
5	We have 3 kids with very severe food allergies (dairy/milk, peanut, tree nuts, egg, sesame, flax, etc.). The manager patiently worked with me and made sure the items we ordered would be safe and free from cross contamination. Food was great!  And, worked just fine for our allergies.  Tons of vegan options as well as chicken, beef, lamb, etc. Thanks Keith and the staff at Bombay Spice!!!!
4	I frequent Bombay Spice for a few reasons, I like familiarity and they have a really good regular staff, the food is healthy, they post WW points (which is good for me) and the food is very good.I have never had a bad meal at this place, everything is just really good.  We have gone to their Sunday brunch a few times to try even more, which with the more modest servings allows you to taste a variety and really hone in on what you might have for dinner or a lunch sometime.  Having frequented more traditional Indian restaurants I don't want people to think that I endorse Bombay Spice as the most authentic Indian cuisine; I do know that it is not, but it has the preparation and flavor that I often find myself craving, so I am definitely a fan.Now for some of the stereotypical impatient pre-madonna PV/Scottsdale types... you know who you are, own up to it... it is ok, I am from Scottsdale too:  This is not a speed eating restaurant.  Bombay by how they serve food and interact with the customers are creating a laid back, enjoyable, social dining experience, so that means that it has a pace that often Americans are not accustomed to... Bombay fosters an atmosphere where the customer actually likes who they are dining with and wants to talk to that person.  So when you sit there acting all annoyed because it is the end of the meal and you are waiting for your check and you are getting all agitated... maybe premptively letting the server know you need the check when they take your food away etc is the better approach than getting all huffy.  THEY ARE TRING NOT TO RUSH YOU!      Eat at this place!  It is healthy, tasty and relaxing.
4	A few months ago I gave Bombay Spice a bad review and the manager reached out to me and gave me a gift certificate to try it again. My husband was reluctant after a really bad experience but we went back again a few weeks ago. I've never had any issues with the food-- its fantastic, but the service was never good. I think the manager has hired some really great new servers. Our waitress was so on top of it and we had a wonderful dinner. We went back again tonight with a big group (and a baby) and again, super service. 2/2!! Feeling optimistic Bombay Spice has turned it around and very excited that they have.
4	Henna Happy Hour!  Never heard of it?  well I'm a fan because it's different!  Glass of wine and a henna tattoo for $10 starting at 6pm on Thursdays.  We got there early to enjoy happy hour first which is 3-6pm. $4 glasses of wine!  The food was flavorful but what really made the experience is the staff.  Everyone was so friendly and easy to talk to.  Suggested things on the menu that they really enjoyed and helped me make my decision on dinner which I had the Salmon and loved!
4	The weekend 11-3 Lunch Special ($11.95) is GREAT! It's like a buffet BUT BETTER because they cook up your food fresh as you want it. You pick from about FIVE appetizers and FIVE entrees and two desserts ALL YOU WANT!We tried chick pea ceviche, lentil towers, and paratha. I liked the chick pea ceviche and the lentil tower best. The paratha is basically bread. We picked Tikka Masala with chicken and quinoa and Chicken Vindaloo with brown rice. Both were good with the chicken being fresh and moist. The Tikka Masala had a little heat to it and a slight sweetness to it. The Vindaloo was much more savory with much more heat that did build up. When we finished our server asked us what entree we'd like to try next but we declined another entree but decided to try the carrot halwa. The carrot halwa is almost like a pudding but without starch and it seemed healthy.I was told by the server that this is AMERICANIZED Indian food made heathy style without butter or cream and nothing is fried here almost everything is 500 calories or less.The New Times Awarded Them "Best use of a chickpea" for the Chickpea Ceviche. Chef Sunil Kumar's recipe is posted on Examiner.com Jon Kapoor's (Executive Chef at Bombay Spice) has his recipe for Tikka Marsala Sauce posted on abc15.com Sonoran Living.The weekend lunch special is a great introduction to try Indian style cuisine.
5	This is one of our favorite places for healthy, flavorful food.  We love spicy food and the Vindaloo dipping sauce is a staple for us here as we add it to just about everything we order.  For appetizers, the lentil cake towers, seared tofu, and baked samosas are some of our favorites, although we've honestly never had anything here that we haven't liked.  The vegetable naan-wrap and veggie flatbread both have great flavor and as far as the entrees go, we've had numerous combinations of veggies, tofu, chickpeas, lentils, etc. with both the Vindaloo and hot curry sauces and all have been delicious.  Bombay Spice also has a good selection of inexpensive wines available for $20-$40 per bottle that complement the food well.  If this place was located a bit closer to our house, we'd be there even more often given how many vegetarian options they have to offer.
4	I am newly gluten free and dairy free (although not a vegan). I'd been dying to try a tikka masala but had never been able to due to the common use of cream in the dish. I was amazed to find this restaurant had extensive GF and vegan menu options. Our server (also possibly the owner or manager?) was patient and knowledgeable about my requests. The lentil towers were delicious. The chicken tikka masala was rich and savory and delicious and even came with some GF bread for dipping. I also loved the iced tea. I look forward to returning to this place.
4	Not even waiting to leave the restaurant before drafting this review.  This food is like a flavor explosion of spices your tongue has never met.  I don't like weird food or new food, but after finding out about this gem at the Scottsdale food festival OVER A YEAR AGO! we knew we had to try it out.  After loving it twice, and now having seen their amazing staff in action - I'm a believer.  Ordered:  chickpea hummus - A+++Samosa - A+Eggplant - A++Behl Puri - AChickpea Ceviche - BHad to give something less than an A!Only did apps because we have plans for dinner. Will re-do when we come back for date night. BTW, the iced tea is to die for!  Full of spices and ... yeah, I'll shut up now.
5	OMG this is my favorite place, great food, great atmosphere wonderful
4	If you're looking for "really" good , not greasy Indian food , this is the place for you. I highly recommend Bombay for people who haven't had Indian food and want to give it a try. The food is well priced and as fresh and flavorful as you can get . If they had a Bombay Spice in Old Town, I would eat here every day for lunch.
4	Went to this location because it is gluten free (have a daughter that is gluten/soy/dairy allergic), a vegetarian and a vegan in the family.  Oh yeah, one meat eater as well. What a wonderful surprise!!!  The food was delicious, lots of choices for all and the portions were a very nice size.  We all walked away very satisfied and looking forward to more visits.  You will not be disappointed
4	I tried this place out with a friend recently, and was pleasantly surprised. The vibe of the place was a bit Americanized, but beyond that, the food was delicious. Catching the tail end of their 4-6 pm Happy Hour, we ordered a half-dozen mild Tandoori wings for only $4, and they were amazing. We also tried the Lamb Vindaloo and the Chicken Tikka Masala, and both were also delicious. The Vindaloo, though, is definitely for the more adventurous; it's insanely spicy! In total, with tax and tip, we spent around $20 per person for a nice dinner in a comfortable atmosphere, and our waitress was lovely! Definitely worth a try, and I'll be sure to go back.
2	I've been three times now: the first time with a big group/private party where I was dazzled; the second time with a girlfriend where it was ho-hum; and the third time just last week with the boyfriend where I was pretty disappointed.For the large event, the quality of food was outstanding. I was so excited to try these dishes I'd never had before.  At the time, I was newly vegetarian, and my taste buds were exploding with every bite.  The Lentil Cake Towers blew my mind, and I couldn't get enough of the little bites of heaven.The second time, I expected the same: outstanding flavors, great service, and an overall terrific experience.  The only thing terrific was the Mango Martini (wowie, it's delicious).  Trying to maneuver the menu options for vegan & gluten free was far too complicated and confusing.  I ordered the Lentil Cake Towers again, and they were delicious.  We also ordered the Seared Tofu as another app, and they were so-so.  I love tofu, but knew I wouldn't be ordering them again.  I ordered the Vegetable Naan Wrap; good but missing... something.The third time, I insisted we have the Mango Martini.  They were out of a couple ingredients, but the bartender did what he could with what he had - his improvisational attempt was still delicious.  This time, we ordered the Seared Eggplant which had great flavor but was overcooked and soggy; the Lentil Cake Towers, which were good but nowhere near the explosion of flavor the previous two times; and the Vegetable Samosa, which was a disappointment.The saving grace of the third trip was Gabriel (I'm really hoping that's his name...), the bartender and our server.  He was attentive and on his game.  So much so that my boyfriend commented if he were opening his restaurant here instead of San Diego, he'd snatch Gabriel up in a heartbeat.
4	I was really pleased with Bombay Spice..it's definitely not your typical Indian restaurant setting.. Think more contemporary American decor... I mean The Smiths were playing on the stereo which gave it a nice relaxing casual vibe. We were served by a great friendly waitress who really knew the food and explained everything real well.. You can tell she was very excited about it. We started with the appetizer sampler which had four selections of appetizers of your choosing..all were outstanding especially the wings and the chickpea ceviche.  I then tried the Chicken Tikka Masala which had lots of great flavor and a nice kick then we checked in on Yelp and got a free dessert. Great prices and the way you order the food makes it really simple.. Great little casual place tucked away in the corner of a strip mall near PV mall.
1	There are some "non-traditional" or "Americanized" ethnic places that, while not true to the country's original dishes, still pull off a delicious meal.  Bombay Spice is not one of them.   Not only was the food unrecognizable as Indian, but it legitimately tasted awful.  We had the "Chef Sampler", which allowed us to try 4 out of 5 of the different sauce/bases that the facility provides. We had the curry, the spinach, the tikka masala, and the korma with broccoli and vegan chicken.Pros:* The appetizer, though it didn't taste similar to typical Indian food, was not bad. We had the Lentil Towers. *  The wine selection was fairly sizeable.* The service was wonderful.* The curry, though it didn't taste like traditional curry, was relatively palatable in comparison with the other dishes.Cons: * The naan is actually toasted pita bread.* The tikka masala was not well spiced and was very sweet. It almost tasted like over-sweetened yams pureed.  It wasn't just disappointing as tikka masala sauce, it was also legitimately disgusting.* The spinach may have just been salted, cooked-down spinach and water. It lacked any spice at all, save salt. It had a lot of salt. * The korma was incredibly sweet. It tasted predominantly like sugar water and truly nothing else. The chunks of mango that were included in the sauce were practically savory in comparison.Needless to say, this restaurant is not one I would recommend.
4	I just tried Bombay Spice for the first time and was pleasantly surprised. I've eaten alot of Indian food , and while some of the items may not be 100% authentic, I still thought the flavors and quality were great. I don't eat meat and there are plenty of veggie options. I'm really surprised people complained about the service - we had fantastic service!  I went with a group of 4 and we all ordered the lunch buffet ($11.95 -amazing value). It's different than other Indian buffets in that you order as much as you want from a list of 5 appetizers, then put together your entree of choice. All the appetizers were tasty, good portion sizes. For my entree I had eggplant and cauliflower curry, which really was amazing! I can't wait to return.
1	I went to Bombay Spice not long after moving to Paradise Valley from Scottsdale.  I knew that it was a 'healthier' Indian food, but I didn't know that meant they didn't use salt.  AT ALL.  Got a cup of lentil soup, and while I could taste the spices in it, it was watery and bland.  The texture was really off-putting.  The chicken tikka masala with cauliflower was no better.  It was a huge portion, but bland bland bland.  The 'naan' I liked, even though it is clearly non-traditional and clearly not homemade.  I will never ever come back here and waste my money on bland food again.
4	Yes, not your traditional Indian food because they don't use butter, fry things, etc. For some things that makes a big difference. The samosas for instance aren't nearly as good as real fried samosas. Frying makes everything better (and less healthy obviously). But other dishes were very close approximations and much healthier. Was the tikka masala as good as if it was loaded with butter? No, of course not. But I thought it was still quite tasty and was happy knowing that I could enjoy a healthy version of one of my favorite Indian dishes. The service was pretty good, no complaints there. Looked like they had a huge wine selection for such a small restaurant.If you want traditional Indian that's fine, just go to a traditional Indian restaurant. So come to Bombay Spice knowing what you're in for and you'll be satisfied.
4	Went to BSG for the second time Friday night.  I thought the service was real good. The food is different but good. Reasonable price. Also good to see a manager interacting with customers. I will be back
5	Craving some Indian food, I took my wife there for dinner on a Saturday night. We both ordered the Create Your Own Entree. I got quinoa with spicy curry and lamb. My wife got white rice with tikki masala and chicken. Both dishes were superb; we both wiped our dishes clean with the naan. For desert, we ordered the Mango Sorbert. It was excellent and was a nice complement to the spicy dishes I had just ate.I completely disagree with earlier reviewers about poor service. Our server was attentive, filled our drinks before they were empty, and promptly asked us after the food was brought out if everything was OK.Overall, a great meal, and I would highly recommend.
3	Eh - mix and match entree is not my bag.BUT TRY THE VEGAN LAMB. YESSSSSS.and both the vegan chicken and the seared tofu were wonderful.read the descriptions of each sauce before you order even if you know what they taste like traditionally!
5	My first visit here was amazing! The place is very cute. I always pass by this place thinking I wouldn't like anything on the menu. So I decided to give it a chance when a friend recommended this place for a healthy lunch or dinner. I got the chicken biryane with quinoa. It was delicious! Chris was a awesome server and super friendly! It you are a local you get 20% off every time you come in. I will definitely be back!
5	We had a lovely dinner here last night and we have never been anything but happy with the food and service here.They spice these exactly as you ask them and the food is so delicious and plentiful that we have always found this a great place to dine. We especially like the Ceviche starter which is always very tasty and filling. Great place!
4	I was a little disappointed that my server didn't offer me the bottomless weekend lunch special. The weekend lunch special is something like $11.95 and all you can eat appetizers lunch plates and dessert. I had it last time and it was very good.  At the time I thought they discontinued it but the table next to me got the menu for it but I still had an enjoyable lunch here anyway.They offer an appetizer sampler plate where you pick four appetizers for $11.95. I picked Chickpea ceviche, Lentil Cake Towers, Chicken Tikka Kebab, and Chicken Seekh Kabab. My husband liked the Seekh Kabab best and said to him it tasted like sausage and peppers. I thought everything was tasty and flavorful and the chicken was prepared very well being moist tender and flavorful. It was a good amount of food but not quite enough for two people so we shared a Hot Chicken Vindaloo.The Vindaloo was very spicy and chicken was very moist tender and flavorful. I thought this dish was presented very nicely with the Indian Style Bread ( Naan) and Cracker  (Papadum).This dish cost $9.45 and I added mixed vegetables to the dish for a $1.00 more. I don't mean to knit pick but if I'm being totally honest I need to mention my server told me the mixed vegetables were a mix of the vegetable choices Like cauliflower eggplant and other stuff but what I recieved were similar to frozen mix you buy at the store (carrots peas corn but I won't dwell on that and let it slide). I'd make a different vegetable selection next time.The food here is Americanized Indian Style food that is mostly Low Fat and Healthy. They offer healthy side dishes like quinoa and brown rice. No Butter or Ghee is in the house, they use Olive Oil instead. The restaurant is casual but stylish.They also are accommodating to Vegans and Vegetarians.
4	Drive by here all the time and have never stopped. Seen it in several magazines. Great atmosphere inside. Service is nice and friendly. Had the weekend bottomless brunch special for $11.95. It is like a buffet but you tell them what you want off a special menu and they cook smaller portions of it fresh on the spot in the open kitchen that you can see while being seated. You can basically eat as much as you want. I was not sure what to try but my server Nessa was a sweetheart and ask me a few questions about flavors and meats and I let her decide for me. I just said hook me up. Had the Lental cake tower, Naan bread stuffed with potatoes and peas, Shrimp curry, Chicken tikka masala and some type of carrot desert. I could of eaten more but I was feeling pretty full. Great flavors and aromas. You can get mild or as spicy as you want. Food was fresh, healthy and presentation was great. I can't wait to try more of the dishes.
5	I'm not one to hand out 5-stars, but this place deserves it for what they offer!It's pretty casual, and there is nothing jaw-dropping about the atmosphere, but it's cool and kind of funky. They have a variety of vegan, gluten free, and generally healthy options, and the prices are so cheap! The Veggie nan-wrap is like $6.50 and the "entrees" (more like a rice or quinoa bowl) is around $11. The VIndaloo is perfect and the curry is spicy. I love their lentil tower and the yogurt sauce that accompanies it - they even have a similar vegan style sauce if that's your preference. Wine is $8/glass, which I think it pretty pricey for this place, so we usually stick with water or tea. Overall, I  love going here for a healthy and flavorful meal.
5	I have to say, this is really amazing Indian food! I went on a weekend for "bottomless brunch" which includes as many appetizers as you want, an entree and dessert for $12. I went in with a friend on Saturday around 1. The place was pretty empty and relaxing for a Saturday afternoon! The server was incredibly friendly and made some great suggestions. Here is what we got:-Chickpea Ceviche. A must. Delicious, refreshing, and much needed in between spicy bites!-Seared tofu. Also really good, though maybe not tricky enough to pass the carnivore's test.-Vegetable samosas-Lentil cake towers. Definitely my favorite thing that we got. They were served warm and had delicious yogurt sauce on them....and those were just the appetizers! Basically I was blown away by everything that was put in front of us. Couldn't recommend this place highly enough, what a great neighborhood spot!
5	Recently went vegan and I was dog sitting for someone nearby. I stopped by here since it was close and they offered vegan options. I was craving anything curry and spicy for weeks after I went here! I ordered the brown curry with tofu. It had huge flavor, very spicy and just a well rounded fresh meal. I am dog sitting for the same people very soon and i'll definitely have to stop by and get lunch again since it was so delicious last time. I also checked in on yelp and didn't even realize I got an offer for free dessert for checking in. That was definitely a plus! :-) Server/Manager was very nice and talkative. I will say though, no one noticed me standing in the doorway when I walked in for easily 3-4 minutes. All the other guests kept looking at me with these pity eyes while they scarfed down their food. lol
2	Not impressed. Better Indian to be had, but probably not on this side of town.
1	I tried their tika masala.  BLAND!  So I added some of the hot sauce to make it more edible.  I don't think I'll go back..
5	This is fresh, very healthy, delicious Indian food that's very reasonably priced. The flavors are wonderful, despite the fact that they do not use butter, cream or ghee, and they don't fry anything. 95% of the menu is under 500 calories. My husband and I are suckers for their rice-bowl-type system, where you can choose a sauce (Korma, Tikka, etc), a base (rice, quinoa, etc), vegetables and protein. We've never encountered a bad combination, so let your imagination run wild. However, if you want a sure thing, get the Korma with quinoa, shrimp and broccoli.  The portions are large and taste amazing the next day, too.We've tried a lot of the appetizers and even a few desserts - everything was delicious!  We eat here at least a few times a month, now.
3	Better to go during happy hours only as food is not that much great...(expect Chicken Tandoori wings )
5	Go for brunch! It's like a buffet, but everything is cooked fresh to order.
4	I loved the idea of choosing from a variety of Indian sauces to create your own dish with meat and veggies of your choice! We had lamb, chick peas, and broccoli in the korma sauce on top of basmati rice and washed it down with iced Indian tea. Yum! The only disappointment was the gajar ka halwa, which isn't the same without ghee.
4	Simple menu that you basically build a dish from but it is very good. I only wish they had more menu items. Their iced tea is very good, you can taste the spices they add to it.
1	Very, very disappointing. I liked their previous location and the menu. It's sad that they kept the same name after they moved, because the food and the menu choices are very poor.  It has as much relevance to any Indian restaurant, as a Taco Bell to a Mexican place. Will NEVER go back.
