4	Eclipse at Daylight with Skrillex!!!  Not a bad day to end Memorial Day Weekend 2013.  Daylight is a pretty cool spot for those looking for an alternative to EBC, Marquee, Wet Republic, etc.  Especially if they continue to bring in big name DJs.The stage is solid with big screens and bright lights, but nothing mindblowing.  Lasers don't hold up to any of the indoor clubs.  For a pool party though, pretty impressive.  The pool is great for dipping your feet or doing some shallow water dancing, but um... Why is there no swimming allowed during Eclipe?!?  Super disappointing.  Also wish they had the option to gamble.  EBC still reigns supreme IMO.
2	Wasn't worth the $100 it cost for men to enter. Drinks were really expensive, $40 for the "big" drinks. The cabanas were around $5000 (most were empty), and the lounge chairs were a couple grand, which only sat 3. Aside from these places there was no where else to sit other than the edge of the pool. The pool is pretty small, so there wasn't much room there. The first DJ was mediocre, but Axwell was really good. He got the party going--this was after 2+ hours of the first dude who didn't really create a energetic vibe.
2	Meh...compared to Encore Beach, Wet Republic, or Marquee, this venue is lacking.  It was too packed and needs a bigger pool if they are going to admit that many people.  Not enough shady spots/umbrellas/trees or different little areas to get away from the main area if you need to.  Only one bar, and it took forever.  Went Memorial Day opening weekend and cabanas or daybeds were absolutely ridiculous in terms of cost (and not full).  And as with most things Vegas, everything was pretty ridiculous in terms of cost.  Lockers were $40 bucks for the day, waters were $10, big sports bottles of booze were $40.Even though I didn't like the venue itself, the crowd was fun and they bring in some pretty good DJs.  Make sure you get there on the early side so you can get in.
2	You can but shouldn't really complain about the expensive drinks and cover charge. It's Vegas- what do you expect? However, with the outrageous cost of drink/admission you expect a high end, over-the-top, one-of-a kind atmosphere that usually removes some of the sting of a  $10 cost of water.  But...the construction of the venue was shoddy and the layout was awful. The pool was too small and it's strange design made it hard to have a view of the stage. The staff was nice, the crowd was great and they have obviously invested in some great DJs but the actual venue was a huge disappointment. Everyone I met there had the same opinion.
2	The good: The music (even the warm-up DJs play great stuff). The layout and venue are clean, modern and easy to navigate. Parking is easy and right next to the pool so you don't have to shlep your crew and your gear through a huge casino.The bad: All good pool clubs will cost you some money once you get in, but this one is off the charts. Every last thing costs an inflated amount of money. If you come in the day time without renting a cabana or bed, find a little concrete to sit on the towel (that you had to rent) if you're not going to dance. Water is $10. Drinks are $11 and up (way up). Some of the other Yelpers here have accurately laid out how much things cost, which explains why most every daybed and cabana stayed empty. I'm not averse to spending some cash if I get a great experience in return, but sadly there is nothing to set it apart from most any other pool club on the Strip. The location is also a little odd; unless you want to go over to Mandalay, there is no place you can easily walk to when you're done. Seems dangerous to stick people in their cars right after you fed them (overpriced) drinks and sunshine all day.The Ugly: There is more security than I have ever witnessed for ANY music related event. Metro Police, Sheriff's Dept, plain-clothes police, and the venue's own massive security staff outnumbered the patrons at one event, and was about 1 to 1 for the other event. Don't get me wrong, I understand the implications of water, alcohol, and party people (to say nothing of the illicit things people like to sneak in), and I appreciate the efforts of those assigned to keep people safe, but it felt like a Police State where every action was observed. When we were getting ready to go, my girl and I were scolded for putting on our dry jeans because it wasn't "swim wear" and we needed to wait until we left. Really? After the ridiculous money we just dumped in your new venue? As we were leaving? Not exactly a great atmosphere to "cut loose".
2	not quite sure what all the big hype was about.The event was fun, but I guess I just expected more.The pool and the pool scene seemed as if it were just some regular casino pool...didnt really look cool...it just looked like an ordinary pool!There was only ONE BAR? or maybe I just couldnt find the other barThe DJs were awesome.I think this place COULD POTENTIALLY be something awesome, but it was definitely slacking for grand opening week for MDWUNTIL THEN!! ^-^
1	Where do I begin?  A few days before, I send a text to a promoter to see about a guestlist. The sleazeball wanted a picture of my friends and I for the list. Are you serious? How creepy, not to mention shady! I didn't send a pic, not because we are fugly but it's freaking creepy to send your pic to a stranger and it doesn't seem right. So we go on the Grand Opening Day and on a big holiday weekend, Memorial Day weekend so I expected some sort of clusterfuck but I'll complain anyway. LOL.My girls and I got there around 10:30 a.m. and stood in the guestlist line. While we were waiting in line, we saw some fatty who obviously worked there pick out girls to skip the line. They all happened to be white. Hmmm. Some were pretty but some were skanky. There were hotter chicks in line. I guess beauty is in the eye of the beholder. So while we were waiting in line, we find out the guestlist didn't open till 12:30 p.m. which they didn't tell us about till around noon. We were told it was $20 for girls on the guestlist. The guestlist closes at 1. We didn't get in till after 1. It ended up being $50 for girls and $100 for guys. Had I known this, I would have went straight to the general admission line. Not off to a good start. A lot of pissed off girls in line!When we finally get in 2.5 hours later, there is only one bar. One freaking bar and a handful of bartenders for the whole place. You spend a lot of $ on this place and you only have one bar. Brilliant. There are other pool parties in Vegas that are smaller and have multiple bars. As expected, drinks are pricey. $13 for a redbull, $9 for a bottle of water, and $15 for a cocktail.I was trying to have a good time but I didn't like the vibe of the staff. I felt like Big Brother was watching most of the time. We were told not to sit in certain areas multiple times but we sat there anyway after they left. Most of the cabanas were empty. I think my friend said they were starting at $5K? The stage area is nice but that's about it. The pool is small for the size of the venue and you can't really get a good view of the DJ. The crowd seemed to have a good time though despite the clusterfuck. So needless to say, I would not go back here even with a table. There are other Vegas clubs where promoters don't ask you to send a pic to get on a list, don't lie about the prices, and staff are friendly, etc. Honestly, I think I would rather go to my dentist than come back here.
3	Uhm, yah. I was really excited to try this place for Memorial Day Weekend. Originally wanted to go the Sunday afterhours party (3am) before Memorial Day but, my boyfriend was too sick to make it out. Thankfully, he felt well enough to make the Memorial Day party with the trap DJ, Baauer.First off, park in the parking lot next to the convention center.My BF and I made the mistake of parking in Mandalay's regular parking next to Light Nightclub. The walk was faaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaar. Normally, I'd complain but, I was in flip-flops and my feet were super comfy.Even though it's free for locals on Monday, we were on a hosts' guestlist. Lemme tell you that the guestlist/ID/security need to get their shit together. Considering there were 4 ppl to check ppl in, we waited far too long to be checked in. They were mainly talking to each other.When it came to IDs, there was only 1 person checking that; for allllllll these ppl.Once we got inside, I was surprised at how small it was. Not even close to the size of Encore Beach or Wet Republic. I'm not compalining at all tho bcuz it surely isn't as small as Liquid Pool.I loved the decor and stage. All white everything and the stage looked insane; like a festival setting stage.My major complaint is the fact that they have only ONE BAR. What's it gonna be like when the place is packed; how long will the wait to get a drink be.Once Baauer came on, we went to the front and there was no one really dancing there. Prolly bcuz it wasn't a packed pool party, which I enjoyed. I had hoped not to be packed like sardines, like at Wet or EBC or Marquee Dayclub. Trap music isn't as popular as EDM, so you're not gonna get the Kaskade o/Tiesto/Calvin Harris/etc massive crowd or following.Overall, not what i was expecting but, the music is the saving grace for me. I want to give it 4 stars but, I don't know yet......it definately has alot of potential!I can't wait to see this at night for Eclipse!I've heard that the airport had complaints about their stage lighting as it was too bright for airlines to take flight.
4	Came here during Memorial Day Weekend! I'm not sure why all the low stars. Me and all my friends had a blast but I guess it might be that we are more easy going and easy to please.The music was good! J-cole was off the hook! We were right up front by the stage, in the shade. I was hung over but surprisingly, I lasted the whole day without having to sit down.Saw a lot of hot boodies! Ass and boobies, I'm not going to lie. It was nice. LOL.Lots of fake boobies and girls with hella make up and heels! We were on the guestlist but we lagged so we didn't make it in time. Girls had to pay $20 to get in and the guys had to pay $50 to get in. Since we were in Vegas, we didn't care so we paid and once we got it, it was super fun!For sure, I didn't go in the water. It was majorly packed and nasty looking. =)I think if you don't mind throwing down some cash, then this place is all right. Drinks are expensive also.
5	DAYLIGHT beach club is very unique. The stage brings setting that no other dayclub has in Vegas. Also the night pool party ECLIPSE brings an Ibiza feeling with all the lights
5	Came here for their Eclipse party, it's too bad theyre only on weds!The stage is so sick, especially at night , it really makes the lights and screens pop. My friends say it reminded them of a rave stage, and since i've never been to one i'll have to take their word for it. This is definitely a must see
2	First thing to take note of: DO NOT park in the hotel self parking lot. It is miles away from the entrance. There is an uncovered lot that is right next to the entrance to this place so make your way around the back of Mandalay Bay so you don't walk for days in your heels, ladies.Second, other than the main bar at the back of the pool, there is only 1 tiny sidebar that accepts the drink tickets. It is staffed by 1 lonely bar tender and the wait was at least 15 minutes. There was no structure to the line, so people will cut in front, push their way to the bar, etc. I'm a local, so I am aware that drink prices on the strip are higher, but when we are talking poolside drinks that are smaller than your hotel bar and in the standard plastic cup, $30 for 2 vodka/cran's seems outrageous. Needless to say, not much drinking was done at this venue. The DJ that they chose was great and I loved the music selection. The dancers had on really cool LED bikinis, there were GIANT beach balls and glow sticks galore. The atmosphere is really fun, but you definitely pay for the fun, which is a shame. I wish there were a way to differentiate locals from visitors and charge different drink prices. Just a thought.Overall, I'd love to come back, but I would probably drink beforehand and skip the long lines and high prices.
5	My friends and I had a fantastic time at Daylight!!!  Great music, and the nicest staff that we've come across yet.  A lot of reviewers are complaining about prices, but, let's be honest - Vegas dayclubs are all expensive, aren't they?  Go to a regular pool at your hotel if you are looking for a cheap day.Venue - Pool was a decent size.  I like that this isn't as large as EBC/Wet Republic.  It was easy to walk around but larger than Marquee.  It's a little bit awkward that the view is of the convention center when you are in the pool, but did love the stage setup.  Great music.  Didn't have a big headlining DJ the days we went, but still pretty impressive.Entry - We decided to pitch in for a daybed as we had a group going (I HIGHLY recommend this at any dayclub if you can swing it.  If you are paying anything in admission and buying 3 or 4 drinks it's typically not that much more for a daybed and you have a home base/easy entry).  When we were walked in by a host, we were surprised with a cabana upgrade, same minimum as a daybed.  This was a Friday, but still a great sign that they are more interested in customer service than letting a cabana sit empty for no reason on a slower day.  The shade and fans were key on a 100+ degree Vegas day!  They also comped us some extra headcount on our reservation.Staff - SO AWESOME.  Knowing nothing about Daylight, I hopped online to check out the venue.  I called the promotions number to inquire about daybed/cabana minimums.  I had an instant email/call back from the head promoter to talk options and decided on the daybed.  Super easy to work with, no "Vegas" attitude.  While we were at the venue, he checked on us a few times.  Our waitress, butler, and security were also very attentive and tracked us down extra Daylight squirt guns upon request :-)  With service like we had, spending some extra money was actually pretty painless.Crowd - Overall ,pretty good.  Friday was of course less crowded than the usual.  We also dropped by toward the end of the day on Saturday (comped entry since we were guests at Mandalay), and it was PACKED with lots of pretty people.  The crowd was also really friendly and we made tons of new friends both days.Costs - Like I said, it's not cheap.  No good clubs are, my friends.  However, drinks were fairly strong, and, in the cabana, we found the pitchers to be a pretty darn good deal (got about 6-7 drinks out of a $75 pitcher of delicious drinks like Moscow Mules and fruity strawberry lemonades).  However, I do think that the $8 waters were a bit absurd.  People need to stay hydrated on a boozy, hot day, and expecting $8 for a fairly small bottle full of a natural resource is a bit greedy.Overall - We will be back, and I'd recommend it to anyone looking for a fun new venue without the normal pretentiousness of a big Vegas dayclub.
5	It's like a rave in this joint!I came here at night for Eclipse.  The lights were awesome!  The DJs were really good too.  They played all the music I liked.  We went through a promoter to get in and got drink tickets.  We were told to get to this place by 10pm which was pretty early if you ask me.  There was so much dancing areas because it's outdoors.  And there were so many things flying around in the air...huge beach balls, water, people's drinks, etc, you name it.  Lastly, we were told by our promoter to go casual and in beach wear.  So glad we did not.  There were only a handful in bikinis/swimwear and there weren't that many people in the pool.
1	My friends and I were really excited about hitting up Daylight since Light was such an amazing experience (other than waiting 2 hours in line). Too bad everything was working against us. Walked a mile in the blazing sun to get there, no signage, had to ask 3 people where to go. We got there on a Sunday afternoon and it was EMPTY. Free for girls, $20 for guys. They took away my gum and didn't even allow us the opportunity to have one last piece before throwing it away. Ok, understandable. There were more employees than patrons, but at least the free drinks kept us company. Beautiful decor, awesome stage, NO SHADE WHATSOEVER, kinda small but still legit. We found a small amount of shade next to the bathroom with a ledge to sit on, but we got kicked out since we weren't allowed to sit there. Okay, that's fine. So we went to the pool and threw around the balls in the shallow area when my friend was told to put her 6x8 purse in the locker since purses aren't allowed by the poolside. Oh, but my 4x6 "clutch" was okay because I was wearing it. I've NEVER heard of that rule EVER. Not to mention... LOCKERS ARE 40 BUCKS?! Even her purse wasn't worth that much! Outrageous. Drinks weren't allowed in the pool either. Basically they were picking on the girls, probably because we were the only ones there. Off to Encore Beach Club we went. At least the $20 my bf paid was made up for in free drinks.Overall, too much hype, too many rules, and not even worth $20 to get in. Save your money.
4	Came on Memorial day weekend, i think on a Sunday. Was pretty packed inside, but not many people were in the pool. Decent sized inside, with a big bar next to the pool. Mixed crowd was a good thing, and everyone was pretty friendly, they told me i was starting to burn and put sunscreen on me awesome, thanks for that saved me from peeling the next day. One thing you gotta be prepared for is the pricing, to get in for guys was $50, locker rental was like $20. I recommend getting a big cup with a lid for 40ish, because you wont have to worry about pool water getting into your drinks.
1	I came here on Sunday of Memorial Day Weekend...we didn't want to come on opening day, which we were grateful for for reasons I will discuss later.I didn't pay for cover, which was a plus and I wouldn't have minded either as it was opening weekend. A group of my friends who were in another part of the line talked to the security people about how slow the line was and they immediately gave her attitude about how they should be thankful that they weren't there opening day and that the line was all the way down there. Wow. I mean, I know you have to deal with drunk people and stuff, but okay...Next, people checking you in: Super strict and will kick you out of the line if you don't have a promoter. My friends apparently were not on the guest list because their promoter did not add them for reasons unknown, but they did meet up with him before and he gave them VIP admission tickets, which they gave my friends attitude again for having. I didn't have to deal with this, but this just further adds to my dislike.Once we were in, we tried finding a spot to sit. Once we did we were told to move because we couldn't sit there. We moved around about 5 times and once we looped around the pool, we found that people were sitting where we once were sitting and no one told them to move. Hmmm....We finally settled down next to a girl we met in line and she said that the security made her buy a locker and will probably make us too. Which they came around and did make us buy one by the way ($40). What irks me is that by this point all the places we got moved from now have people. So basically, you can't sit anywhere unless you are at the edge of the pool, not blocking the entrances to the pool or the lifeguards. Essentially if you are not the first, lets say, 50 people in, you can't sit anywhere.I mainly come for the pool to keep cool on a hot Vegas day. Small is how I would describe it; however, bigger than Tao beach.Nice space for the dancing area in front of the guest performer. J Cole was only on for 20 mins. okay...So, to recap. If you like small pools, rude staff, security always telling you move, and a performer only on for 20 mins, then you've come to the right spot.
4	Was here two weekends ago for Thomas Gold and i must say, i like it! Its up there right next to Marquee Day club. The venue is big. Pools big and its roomy. Drinks are your average vegas prices. They have 32oz drinks there for $35 for any mix/premium/wells. Bottle service/cabanas starts at $500, but you don't have to get a bottle, you can use it as a open bar like i did. until next time...
4	Came here with some buds on the Saturday after Memorial Day and had a great time.  You really do need to do a Daybed if you want to really enjoy yourself, we were quoted at a $500 drink minimum for it.  Not sure if that's the normal rate, expensive, or cheap but we would have spent that anyway and this gave us a spot to chill and a server. I hadn't done the "Dayclub/Pool" bottle service thing before, but I've done the nightclub one a few times.  I'd say that this is a much better deal for your money than a mega-club; you're there longer, you're outside, it's actually -- per drink/duration of session -- cheaper than a club, and a lot more fun.  If you've only got the cash to do one on a trip to LV, opt for the pool.We setup our day bed day-of with one of the promoters (got his number from another contact).  He was super chill, didn't try and upsell on anything, and met us at the door when we got over there.  Our server was awesome too; every time I've done bottles at a club we've seen the girl when we got there and maybe one other time in the night.  Ours checked in all the time.  And, this might sound stupid, but the dude "bussing" the daybeds was working his ass off to keep everything tidy, refill the ice (which is a bigger pain in the ass than you could imagine at a pool), and was on top of his shit.Venue-wise, it was smaller than I expected considering it's a state-of-the-art spot but that actually made it better, I think.  They kept the crowd to a manageable size and it was easy to get around when you wanted to bounce around.  The stage is pretty sweet too: easily viewable from the pool, and there's not really any bad tables/beds/cabanas in the house.  Can't really ask for much else.
4	I like it but its kind of spendy...what isn't in las vegas.If you like skrillex, house, nicky romero and eletronic music...than this is a 5 star to you...Pros: Music, its new, beautiful light and atmosphere, its a kool place, Con: expensive drinks, beer is 10, there is very little free water, water is like 8 dollars...pineapple and vodka is like 15, 40 dollar for a 20 oz daylight bottle with pinnaple and ice and some vodka...the pool is only 4 feet deep...its not very big, there is very little shade.. be prepare to stand and dance in the sun.....Friendly staff for a high end pool....
1	Cool concept, but poorly managed/executed.My sister and I bought presale tickets for EDC weekend for Saturday.  The presale tickets were $50 each.  I thought that would be the worse part of the experience, but I was wrong.  We showed up with our red, refillable souvenir cups that are refillable everywhere at Mandalay Bay (the resort where Daylight is located), and were told we could not bring them in, even though they were empty.  We ditched our red cups at the entrance and were told that it was our loss if they weren't there when we left Daylight.  We rolled our eyes and shrugged and went inside.  Yes, it was EDC weekend, so Daylight was probably damn near capacity.  The event coordinators or whoever was supposed to be in charge of planning this party seemed to have dropped the ball...there was only one full bar.  Yes, one full bar for I don't even know how many thousand people.  The line at the bar was not organized whatsoever, it was just a mass of people trying to get a drink.  My sister and I thought we would get served faster if we split and tried separate sides of the bar.  I made it to the front of the bar, and I was not even acknowledged along with the four other patrons on both sides of me at the front of the bar.  We weren't yelling, wasted, or being rude, so it's not like we deserved to be ignored.  For some reason the bartenders were only catering to the left and right sides of the bar.  After more than half an hour a bartender took my sister's order.  My sister walks up with the two largest sized cups they serve and informs me the drinks cost $40 each, and they didn't even taste boozy for being Long Islands.  I later saw two drinks carts that were serving bottled water and beer, the water was $9 a regular sized bottle.  No wonder a girl overheated and smacked her face on the pavement when she fainted!Even after a few strikes, we decided to stay because we had already paid the $50 to come in and the $40 for our disappointing drinks.  We made our way to the front of the stage, and surprisingly it wasn't overcrowded (probably because most people either want to be in the comfort of their shaded, misted cabana or in the pool.  We walked around a bit and I noticed only one small area of lockers in a cramped corner.  Again, another mass of people waiting.  I know Las Vegas isn't cheap, I've been many times and had a great time, but I don't think I'd come back to Daylight.  I certainly wouldn't recommend it, either.  On the bright side, our red souvenir cups were waiting for us when we walked out.  Skip Daylight and do a pool party at Marquee, they're way better organized and have a more spacious and aesthetically pleasing venue.
2	I came here last Sunday mainly to see Krewella.  The stage is loud and the DJs are close.  The stage faces east and the canopy started blocking the sun at 2pm which was nice 'cause, well its summer in Vegas and nobody likes swass. Krewella came on and I was right up front and totally rocking out.  A few minutes after the show started one of Daylight's staff starts walking back and forth basically trying to keep people from being in contact with the front of the stage.  Lame.  Fifteen minutes later two more guys show up to further regulate the scene.  One of them pushes me aside and stands directly in front of my face.  Lame again.  Overall this was a good place to see a group/DJ but the bouncer situation kind of spoiled it for me.Further spoiling the day:Vegas Weekly listed the entry for this day as $30.  I picked up a VIP pass on my way through the casino which was good for $10 off.  I wound up paying $60 to get in.  Not quite how I wanted to start the day.  I was carrying a small 'man bag' and after paying, my bag and I were subjected to a full cavity search.  Okay they missed one hole but they did empty the entire contents of my bag.  Seems like an x-ray would have been easier.  They confiscated my gum and one airplane sized bottle of liquor.  They did, however, give me the opportunity to chug it which was nice.  If you're planning on sneaking booze in, get creative!  I still managed to get a couple other bottles in so it wasn't all for nothing.The first thing I noticed when I walked in was that there was absolutely nowhere to sit or put your stuff unless you had a daybed or cabana.  Note to self: Don't return without having a daybed or cabana.  I walked around a little and then spotted something.  Oh great, they have lockers that allow unlimited access, these will probably be $5-10, cool.  No, not cool, they're $40.  $40 for 1 cubic foot.  You could stay in the penthouse for a hell of a lot less.  Glad I skipped these, it looked like the line to access your locker got pretty long later in the day.  What a pain in the ass.  Ugh, I'm hot.  Time to go in the pool.  I set my bag down next to a big pile of towels and clothing near the pool, jumped in for a few minutes and came out.  Oh great, my bag is gone.  I asked one of the staff if he knew anything about it.  He looked at me like I was stupid.  I talked to some people nearby and they said some guy said something to them about not being allowed to put a bag anywhere.  I walked around a little and found one of Daylight's staff on the prowl.  I asked him about it and he said he was the one who took it.  "Well can I have it back?"  He mumbled something about how people can't just go off leaving their bags laying around.  Hmm, okay, glad I saw the big fucking sign on the way in letting me know this.  Considering the search I was subjected to on the way in I really can't figure out what the problem is.  What a load of crap.  He returned five minutes later and I walked off having learned my lesson.While clutching my bag I proceeded to the nearest bar.  $10 for a 12oz can of Bud Light?  Okay.  I gave her a 20 and she gave me two 5s in change.  I know she wanted me to tip her $5.  Nope.  It's a can of beer.  Later on I had the pleasure of purchasing a small Diet Coke for $10.  I wanted a larger one in their 24oz sippy cup and was informed that it would be $40.  $40 for a Diet Coke.  There's no booze in Diet Coke.  You want the sippy cup, you pay $40, doesn't matter what's in there.  Well that's good to know.  On my way out at the end of the day I spotted some free water off in a corner adjacent to the exit.Overall, if you're not going to see your fave DJ, skip it.  There are cheaper beach/day clubs in Vegas with just as many hotties.
1	We came here on Saturday and it was horrible!  The whole experience itself was terrible. We were promised tables for a certain price and of course 2 days later, my friend gets a call from the promoter stating he can't give it to us at the price they had originally agreed to. Oh well, fine whatever. That seems to be the norm for Vegas. We get there, there were issues with the tables, AGAIN! We had two groups and decided fine, will merge to one table. The girls got in for free but the guys had to go to the GA line where they waited for nearly an hour, pay $100 each for cover on top of them paying for a table. The place is small.  The pool is tiny.  I would say not even half the size of Encore Beach. There's nothing beautiful about this place. There's only full bar and it was crazy packed but mainly because it's probably the only non daybed/cabana area that's shaded. Every summer when in Vegas, we go to Encore but decided we'll try something new this year. Daylight was a mistake. I do not recommend this place.
4	Went to see Krewella concert on 6/22/13. Almost had a terrible experience if it wasnt for Ryan and Jet, two party host/managers.  My boyfriend bought a ticket off of a VERY non-legit company who promised us their party host would show up with his ticket (very long story). ANYWAYS concert was sold out for the guys and we were upset about the scam.. Jet was defiantly a HUGE help and said he'd still get us in and figure out the situation. Ryan (I believe the manager) was awesome too.  Took the situation very seriously and gave my boyfriend a free ticket to the concert. THANK YOU GUYS SOOOOOO MUCH FOR ALL YOUR HELP!!!!!!!!!!!!we got there early so there was no problem with pool side seating.  Kinda upset that we had to buy a locker for my purse, lockers were $40... Place was expensive BUT was totally expected because it is Vegas... go to any other club/ private party and its the same prices for food and drinks.  The bartenders were OK with the drinks, spending $40 on a cocktail I'd expect a little buzzHave to also say that the bouncers were very friendly too!
1	I have never been so compelled to write a review but this place is absolutely CRAP. We were hesitant to even go here from reading other negative reviews, but we thought we'd give it a shot. What a huge mistake. First of all, this place is very poorly managed. My ticket was supposed to be at will call. Well none of the employees knew where will call was. They asked me the how much I paid for my ticket and boom... I was in. Anyone could have just walked in. We walk in and this place is SMALL. The pool is about 3x the size of the pool in my backyard. If you're used to going to other pool parties like Rehab at Hard Rock, this place doesn't even compare. Only positive thing about the venue is that the stage is pretty big and you get a great view from anywhere.We head to the bar for some drinks. They only have one bar with really rude understaffed bartenders. Paid nearly $50 for a vodka redbull... WTF... Later on when I needed some water I was told it was $9 for a tiny bottle of water!! How the hell do you have a pool party out in the vegas heat and have the nerve to charge $9 for water???  If thats not robbery I don't know what is. They refuse to give u any tap water too.That was not the worse part. We came to see Skrillex and Alvin Risk for a night time event which was advertised from 530-midnight. After skrillex finished his set around 9, they started kicking everyone out of the pool and essentially killed the club. The music stopped playing by 930 and they started kicking everyone out. Mind you, the event was advertised from 530-midnight on all their flyers. I will never come here again and would advise everyone to do the same.
1	Will never go back....  was working with someone to get in on guest list.  Flew in on Sat,, checked into hotel.  Showed up at Daylight at 1:58, text the guy I was working with,, got a text back- guest list closed.  (?)  No one told us there was a closed time for the guest list.We talked to some other guys up front, got in.  $50 each girl.  (Yikes).  Crowd was lame... everyone was stuck up and not good looking.  bad vibe.Checked credit card bill today.... I bought 1 round of drinks $100.  I see my card was charged multiple times!~~  I am fighting the charges.  I was there with one other girl!  All we bought was 2 of those 32oz size drinks $40 each... YES, I tipped $20!  You think they would of appreciated that!STAY AWAY!!  DONT GO!  RUDE PLACE LOOKING TO RIP PEOPLE OFF!
4	Hands down.  Best pool party I've ever been to in Vegas. If you don't plan on reserving a cabana, I definitely recommend finding a VIP host or club promoter beforehand to put you on the guestlist so you won't have to wait in the ridiculous general admission line.  You will also be able to get in without paying for a cover charge if you're on the guestlist.  However, be prepared to have no where to sit or put your stuff down once you get into the pool.  All chairs/daybeds/cabanas are reserved for people buying bottles.We went here on Saturday around 2PM, and it was extremely packed.  Luckily, we had a table reserved for us, otherwise, we probably would not have been able to get in.  The DJ was playing some awesome music.  Electro/house/and even some hip hop.  The whole pool was filled with people dancing.  I don't recommend going in the pool since it's extremely packed and full of sweat.  (As a germaphobe, I stayed away and danced at my table the whole time).The atmosphere in general was great.  Everyone was truly having a great time.  I don't regret spending $$$$ for a table.  It was definitely worth having a daybed with some shade on it given that it was 117 degrees outside.  I had never experienced a pool party like this in Vegas before.  I cannot wait to go back.
1	ARGH. Recently went here on a Wednesday night for their industry event, Eclipse. Can I just tell you what a mess this line was?! We had a comped table and it took almost half an hour and walking to various lines for them to check our name/ID, etc and THEN, we move to 2 other lines to get in.....to just be informed that they sold our table bcuz we checked in too late.In total, we waited 45 mins to get inside to a non-existent table...WHACK!!!!!!!!If I didn't like the music so much, I wouldn't come back!
4	This is actually one of my favorite pool parties mainly because they have pretty sick dj's and the stage is great also the line moves extremely fast for a pool party. Of course every place has something wrong with it, it could use some color and a little more shade and trees , but if your looking to have a good time and hear some great dj's then this is def a good spot to check out. Tables are typical for a pool party and i would say pricing for GA is a lot less then places like wet or encore beach. Overall fun venue day or night.
2	When in Vegas, you have to know your way around. I like to think that I'm pretty knowledgeable about the club scene. Well, my girlfriends and I happen to be in Vegas on a Wednesday so we decided to hit up Eclipse. Since discovering Surrender's nighttime pool club, we've been a fan of that scene since. We got a $500 comped table from a host, Kwame, who was awesome btw! He got us checked in and everything ran smoothly. Welp, that's where it ended. Our waitress, Kelly, was awful. Awful awful lady! She didn't seem to want us there. She over poured our drinks, which I assume to get us to buy a new bottle quicker. My group of girls are all pretty petite, I think you can assume that our tolerance isn't that high. She made us 6 drinks, and the entire bottle was almost finished. You can only assume that those were some stiff drinks! Then when we found out we got charged for 8 water bottles, totaling to over $50 we were super annoyed with the fact that she was annoyed with us. She tells me, "You said you wanted water." I kindly replied, "Yes, I did want water, as a mixer for my vodka waters, but I did request 8 bottles." Especially at such a high price! I'm not that frugal but her attitude stunk! She made me feel cheap. Look lady, your 22% gratuity may already be included, but you can at least try to act like you're working for your money! After that, she took our whole bottle service away, just as quickly as we finished our last drop of vodka. RUDE! I've never felt so rushed and embarrassed. And the shitty thing is that her tip for her hour and a half of waiting on us, which was very minimal might I add, was over $130. Eclipse, itself is okay. Big ordinary pool in the center so you can walk around the entire perimeter. DJ set up is at one end of the pool and the bar was opposite of that. It wasn't too visually appealing though. Nothing to rave about. Not visually stunning as you'd like and hope for.
3	Daylight Beach Club - Pros and ConsPROS:1. Great sound system.2. Amazing DJs.3. Sexy practically naked people everywhere.4. Great party, fun atmosphere.5. Logical, great layout. DJ up front and bar in the rear.6. Strong drinks.CONS: 1. Guestlist lines. There is a STAFF guestlist and a PROMOTER guestlist. Two different lines... DUMB.2. Door staff was either completely douchey or very nonchalant.3. Tiny pool.4. Overly crowded.5. No ATMs.6. Only one bar in the back, it takes forever to get a drink or water.All in all, Daylight is an okay space. I recommend parking in front of the convention center. It is quite a walk from the parking structure and/or valet. Don't complain about getting bumped from a comped table when you show up late. When they say you need to be there by 11, it means be there by 11, not 12. It is normal to be booted from your table when your bottle is finished. It's just good business. Why let you stay when someone else can be seated and they can be making 1000s. Come on people, this is Vegas, you should know better. Don't ding stars because of trivial things and because you don't know the Vegas ropes.Also, I think that every Wednesday night when the space is called Eclipse, should be a night swim! When it's 100 out at midnight, the pool is just way too tempting.Drink/bottle/cover charges are on par with other spaces on the strip. Daylight isn't near as awesome as Encore Beach Club, but it's not too shabby.
3	Daylight Beach Club is one of 3 pool areas at Mandalay Bay.  The other two include the regular family oriented/wave pool/lazy river one, and the "Toptional" Moorea Beach Club.Here are a few notes about Daylight Beach Club:-  Drinks are (of course) very expensive.-  If you agree to run a bill of $300 or more on drinks (at least on the day I went), you can have your own daybed thing.  This monetary goal could easily be achieved with only a few people in a few hours.  So if you plan to stay for a bit and/or have a big group, you might as well do this to get your own area.  The actual shaded cabanas are probably a lot more though.-  This might sound obvious, but if you're not donning swimwear, you won't be allowed in.-  Have your cab take you to the Mandalay Bay convention center (instead of the casino).  It's a pretty long walk from the casino, but right next to the parking outside of the convention center.-  My promoter's deal was $20 entry for guys, and free entry/2 free drinks for girls.  This seemed to be pretty much the standard, but then again, your mileage may vary.-  In addition to the lifeguards, there are several fully dressed security personnel (mostly husky females, surprisingly) who will constantly reprimand people for taking their drinks into the water, diving, splashing, being too affectionate; stuff like that.
5	Went here for this past Saturday w Stafford Brothers who put on an amazing show! Went in to daylight with the negative mindset that my large group was going to have to stay in the guest list line for ever, but it was the complete opposite. Unlike other beach clubs I've been into the guest list wait was very small, promotion staff was on point and courteous.  The venue was on point! Nice and open, huge pool, and great sound systems and visuals. And even tho the venue was packed out there was little wait to get our Drinks served. Strongly recommend this destination!
5	Came to Eclipse for my birthday this past week and hands down one of the best birthdays I've ever had. I walked up and got right in thru the table line. One of my friends booked it and must have told some of the hosts it was my birthday cause I was getting birthday wishes from people I didn't even know. We had a table right up close to the Dj. The atmosphere inside is unlike anything I've ever seen. The bungalow next to us kept poppin off fireworks which was pretty tight. Overall really good experience, wish it wasn't only wednesday nights so I can make it out to Eclipse more often. Highly recommend it
5	i am a Las Vegas local but more of a pool person than a nightclub person. I went on saturday for KREWELLA who is one of my fave DJs! i had one of the most awesome experiences ever at a pool party/dayclub!!! although it was super packed, lines seemed super long but the wait wasnt bad for how busy it was. i got in through the guestlist which was actually cheaper than online tickets so what ive heard. i think 40$ is a way better deal than 50 & up plust taxes & online fees. the only down i can say about the experience was the heat but they did have complimentary water for guests. The sounds were amazing, great looking girls, beach balls left & right, & the amazing LED screens & effects!!!! ive never experienced a beach club so hands on with the DJ except for Marquee dayclub but i feel there was more room for people that werent spending ridiculous amounts of money on daybeds/cabanas.All in all i give Daylight 5 stars for the experience because of the awesome DJ's & great vibe & open to the public where you dont feel like you need to spend thousands of dollars to have a great time! i will definitely come back for my favorite DJ's!
4	I had a blast with my girls here.  Came here on a Saturday.  This place got pretty pack being noonish! I've been a real big fan of encore beach club but didn't feel like paying that much for entrance.  Luckily, I met one of the promotion mangers on the first day of the trip.  He texted me and got me and my girls in free with 2 drink tickets each! THANKS!This place is much bigger than I expected.  I was used to the tao beach club.  Which was whatevs and hella crowded! Krewella performed and it was a perfect day 2 drink and have fun.  This dayclub had there own parking lot, its located behind the 4seasons hotel and connected to mandalay bay.  Everyone here was cool.  Bar lines weren't that bad.  Of course the drinks were hella expensive but strong! We all know what to expect paying for drinks in vegas! It's a total given!My girls and I received free water guns, sunglasses and beach balls! the one thing I didn't like abt this place is the bag ck.  They made us throw away any liquids and GUM! wtf?! reeeeeallly?! SMH
2	Compared to Encore Beach Club, this place is probably 1/3 the size, more expensive, and less people watching potential. But we still had tons fun because they had Krewella on and the atmosphere was very high energy. Also, the pool was pumped with very cold water which was very cold the whole time when it was about 106 degrees!We got there early enough to establish real estate on the edge of the pool with our towels, shoes, and bags. Note: They only let you have "pretty" bags so they made me put by backpack in a $40 locker.... I almost lost it when I found out that a small locker for a few hours cost more than a freaking parking space. We spent plenty of money to get us a daybed, but I am not sure if they are a good idea when it is over 100 degrees and the beds can keep you pretty far from that pool.  ALso, there is only one bar in the whole place that can leave you waiting in line for over 20 minutes and the pool is kinda just a boring normal shaped hotel pool. If there isn't a particular group you want to see perform, I would recommend another day club.
5	Let me start out this entire review by saying that I am not really what one would describe as a "vegas" person. My idea of a fun night nowadays typically revolves around dinner parties, a single glass of malbec, a movie, all in time to make it into bed right as the clock strikes 11PM. But alas, as they say (or do they?)...When in Vegas...I'm pretty sure that when Katy Perry wrote "Waking up In Vegas" she was really referring to the Mandalay Bay Resort, all its lavish las vegas luxuries and particularly  Daylight Beach Club and Light Nightclub. My stay at the resort was nothing short of rage-tastic, 3 hours sleep total over the course of 3 days and nights/days at Daylight Beach Club and Light Nightclub turned our weekend vacation into your quintessential movie-like "classy mess."Daylight Beach Club is a, surprise!, beach club that ho-downs hard during the day, and has solid grasp on not only what the haut couture crowd of day drinking and day partying is all about; but goes above and beyond to provide the quintessential "waking up in Vegas" ambiance. We were at Daylight for the Krewella Get Wet tour sequence; Krew has a residence there and performs EVERY month. Acoustics of the stage are great...service is consistent and attentive.The clientele are typically post grads in the 25-30 age group-- but you'll feel somewhat like you've transported back a few years as the laid back atmosphere catalyzes such an aura and vibes.All and all...FAB spot. Check out their shows. Get there early to establish real estate or a locker. Enjoy!
5	Great day beach. CABANASThe cabanas here are not just umbrellas and canvas overheads. They are legit cabanas with TVs and bar daybed inside. DAYBED OUTSIDEThe outside daybeds are nice, but can get very hot. They don't give you enough towels, so we had to keep asking. Our promoter wasn't that great on getting us drinks so we ran out really fast. Good thing we were pooped from the day before at Tao, so we didn't stay long and bounced when we were hungry. POOLThe pool here is pretty awesome. It's huge!!! There are two shallow ends and the one by the DJ is always packed. However, it's much nicer on the other end by the big bar, and our day bed was right next to it, so we hopped in and out of the pool often.
2	Disappointed, nothing comparable to EBC... Daylight was way smaller, and was way over capacity for the size of the place.  It was highly unregulated, so everyone was splashing everywhere and pushing people off the ledges of the pool.  Not classy at all.  I can understand the occasional splashing of water when the beat drops but... damn pushing people off ledges and no one stopping you?  What the hell!  Some drunk dude seriously got pushed into the pool by his drunk friends and he literally fell onto me as I was in the pool.  What if you knock someone out!?  Ugh!  It's Vegas, but have some regulation in place please.And $40 lockers?!  Holy jamoly.  There's also nothing really gorgeous about this place... I'd rather just go to Marquee Day Club or Encore Beach Club.
4	It seemed pretty small when I walked in and I've never been to EBC so I can't compare. But once more people started coming in, it seemed like the place doubled in size all of a sudden. Cons: too much alcohol was getting spilled in the pool and there wasn't a lot of space to hang out around the rim of itThe music was pretty good towards then end though. We'd been looking for a place that played hip hop. But it was starting up once we were getting ready to leave.Overall, still had fun, especially since we were able to get entrance and drinks for free.
4	This place gets packed on the weekends, so it can be a little uncomfortable in the heat. The two times that I went, us girls got 2 free drink tickets each, but on Saturday it was really packed and only 1 bar was accepting the free drink tickets and it only had 1 bartender working it. I literally almost passed out because of heat exhaustion and all the girls pushing and shoving and cutting in line. I would rather just pay for my drink at the regular bar. Since it was hot and there were so many people, the pool was really warm, but it was hard to have any space to yourself.Ridiculousness: It's $10 for a bottle of water, and you are going to need it during the summer parties!Sunday: it was pretty empty and the pool was not heated and coldBIG CONS: on Sunday there were a lot of beach balls in the pool and immature people. Everyone got hit in the head with beach balls at least 7+ times. Really starting pissing me off.
1	This is basically a hotmess, but for the daytime.  Music, drinks, the pool....Fun!  I came with a group of girlfriends, merged with another group of girls and took advantage of full service under an umbrella/daybed.  Pool lounging, never ending drinks, and a safe spot for our stuff. (4 stars up until here)All was great...UNTIL! A male employee came by and offered us a cabana.  "Hey ladies, let me move you to a cabana....there's so much more room, there are two bartenders, a mist fan, WAY better than this umbrella"Too good to be true? Uhm, YES.We followed him over to the cabana, where we were basically PIMPED OUT to a group of old, bald, fat men (Sorry, but true).  We quickly figured out what happened and decided to split.  I gladly wore my what-the-fuck-face back out to the same pimp who was blocking the entrance/exit of the upper level cabanas and bounced.  What just happened here?  Did you really come gather a group of young-looking girls (we pass for 23) and move them to a group of 50 something year old icky men by "offering" them a cabana? Unacceptable!!  True, we weren't forced to go, BUT had he said "the cabana also comes with 10 men" (no description even required), we would have said no thanks!!
5	With all the talent they have here, Daylight really gets it right!The pool is big and the place has a nice atmosphere to it.One of the best pool parties!
1	5 stars regarding the crowd, music and the club itself. But the POS workers (short black guy with big arms and kinda tall blonde chick with boob job)  bring the score aaaaall the way down to 1 star. Our group had a cabana, and like other times, the workers try so hard to get goods tips, they make it extremely uncomfortable for the group. They keep prematurely pouring drinks, keep throwing away unfinished drinks and unfinished food, threw away my newspaper (yea I brought a newspaper, so what. I like to stay informed), and threw away my tobacco (I roll my own). Seriously, WHAT THE HELL??!?? That's obviously a part of their strategy to make us unnecessarily spend even more. Pieces of crap. Then, when I was near the pool, one of the workers (black guy) bumped into my as I was offering the drink to a friend, causing me to spill it. But before I could say anything, he was running and gone. I don't know what I did to offend that piece of shit, but that's just a lowest of the low move. He would obviously say it was an accident and that he didn't know, but there is NO way someone can't NOT KNOW when they bump into someone's arm and drink. And it's not like I made any sudden movements holding it up; it was at least a few seconds, so he obviously did it on purpose. Effing piece of shit. Then a worker (white guy by the door) kicked me out because I was following a few friends, not knowing where they were leaving and I literally took two steps out the door. I tried explaining everything, but to no avail. So I had to walk aaaall the way around and come back in. Effing scum piece of shit.Moral of the story: Don't get a cabana at Daylight unless you like wasting 3k for an enraging experience.
1	I would never go here ever again. I was threatened, and they stole my SIM card right out of my camera. I walked in the front door with the camera and wore it all day. 5 hours. Even there staff wore the camera around, i have pictures and video tape of this.  Security threatened me with my wellbeing as i was yelling someone call 911 NOW!   Now they have my personal pictures and video. All the security staff was in on the deal. i think there job was threatened because they manhandled me until i gave them the camera then they gave it to there manager.  I cant believe after spending money there they would treat and just steal from you like that. Someone needs to be held accountable. I currently am talking with Risk Management department to get answers. I travel so much and this has never happen to me. Your crazy if you go hear, theres to many other options in Vegas and no-one deserves to be treated that way. NO-ONE.. I will be posting this to YouTube if i do not get my SIM card so please stay tuned.  I have a picture up on tripadvisory.com of there staff wearing my camera like this was no problem at all.  Never again!!!!!!!!!!!
3	I have a few pros and cons about this place, but at the end of my day club experience I am happy to say it ended well!First time going to a Vegas day club, I was so excited! And Nicky Romero was performing?! Definitely would turn into an awesome day! UNFORTUNATELY THOUGH, it was a disgusting 108 degress on Saturday at 1pm upon arriving at the line. IT FELT LIKE DEATH. And the line situation only worsened when my group of girls and I had to wait in the guest list line for an hour. And we had guest list passes! I literally nearly had a heat stroke lol but the blessed security guard John offered me his chair in the shade and gave me 2 ice cool water bottles from his ice chest! Such a kind soul!Anyway, I recovered, we got in shortly after with 2 free drink tickets each, and as soon we got in I jumped in the pool. I felt great and then all hell broke loose!2 free tasty pineapple vodkas, chatting up the bottle service crews, friendly drunkies, attractive people, great music, yummy french fries lol (I may have gotten a small case of the drunchies by 4pm), and a damn good way to experience my first day club (minus the heat stroke lol). It's all good, i got to do day club/day drinking the right way at the end of the day awwww shetttt.I love you Day Light, but y'all better fix that outside line situation!
3	Not going to lie, the wait kind of sucked at 108 degrees desert weather, especially because there was no overhang. Probably waited at least half an hour. Also, it's better to go earlier to get a hold of their free drink tickets! I immediately liked the ambiance when walking in. The crowd is fun (21-30), and Nicky Romero was great!! The stereo system is top-notch. It was overly crowded perhaps because it is a new day club or because it was a Saturday, which seems like 'the popular day', but I think it's still worth checking out. Perhaps go when the hype of the club dies down a bit.I had an amazing time, but maybe due to luck in meeting some guys who already had a daybed/umbrella. What I do like about pool day clubs is that if you really want to sit down, nobody is stopping you (especially around the pool). You don't have to have  a table in order to find a seat like in the nightclub. Some cons is that the pool really is overcrowded (is medium-sized), although it's kinda fun having so many people partying at the same time! The crowd will not stop splashing, and it gets pretty ridiculous that you can't even see in front of you! Also there were at least 5 beach balls being bounced around throughout the pool so you never knew when you would be hit...There is only one bar at the back and it was one of the slowest bars I've been to. We were getting water (they only sell bottled water) and it took at least half an hour. This is a huge con, especially since it was 108 degrees outside and it seemed unfair to me that you had to pay for water.Breakdown of Costs:Entry: I went with a bunch of girls and we were already on the guest list to get in for free, but I heard that admission cost up to $70-80 for the guys in front of us. Alot of other guys seemed to have presale tickets, which is really the better way to go. Umbrella/daybed: A guy from the umbrella/daybed we were at told me he paid $400 to be part of the table..which is crazy.Drinks: (tall plastic cups, ones that say 'daylight on it') $15 each, each bottle of beer $10 each, bottle of water $8-10 (the bar in the back costs $8, the side booths cost $10)Food: Sandwiches cost $10. Size is medium, but isn't too large either. Lockers: Each is $40. Yes, $40...Overall Conclusion: go if you're planning to see a certain DJ or you just want a change in scene...otherwise I do believe this club may run on the pricer side.
5	This place is so unique and surreal! Nima and Derek went above and beyond to show our double bachelorette party a GREAT time. There is a bartender named "Beth" who defied the laws of science by literally taking 17 orders at once, never missing a beat, with a smile on her face. Never seen anything like that. This place and the people that run the show are top notch. Love, Team Atlanta
3	I had a hard time deciding whether to give this 3 or 4 stars, but I would say it is worth 3.5. We arrived around 1 for the comp'd guest list and were inside within 10 minutes. For girls they give you 2 complimentary drink tickets, but pay attention because these can ONLY be used at the bar by the stage and before 2pm. Don't waste your time waiting at the bar in the back of the dayclub. They do offer the big plastic cups with lids/straws for $35 ($5 less than Wet Republic) which I feel is a good value because you don't have to wait in line for multiple drinks and you don't get pool water in your cup. Make sure to order an Adios or Long Island; something strong to get your money's worth. The sound was great and everyone was enjoying themselves. My favorite feature of this club was the "platform" extending into the water from the edge of the pool. You could sit or stand on this and still be in the water without having to go in deeper to the center of the pool. The pool is really big and the far end really is far from the stage. The lights weren't impressing me at all since it was so bright outside already. Maybe you had to be closer to enjoy it. This didn't ruin anything for me; it is just an observation since the name of the club is Daylight, after all.  The lineup is really great. Nicky Romero was the Dj of the day and he started his set at 3pm. There are no in's and out's so once you're in be ready for a long day under the sun. With guest list they also give you a wristband for comp'd admission to Light (the nightclub) for the same night as long as you're in by midnight. There is nothing extravagant or fancy about this club but overall I enjoyed myself and would return.
4	I like the venue!!! guy/girl ratio was pretty good too since they had special promo for girls to get in free with drink tickets!  They do lack the shaded areas... you have to squeeze into the bar area in the back if you want to get some shade, but hey just put extra sunblock on and enjoy the sun!I like the $35 drink cups that fill about 4 drinks.  Refill is $25~ :D
5	had the absolute best time here, tons of hott guys, they give u an option to buy suvenir    cups with lids for $35 and refills $25, their perfect for sharing and perfect for partying in the water. Music was hip hop and house, more house tho, vip cabanas on the sides, only downfall is the one bar area. superfun tho!
2	I came here for Krewella during EDC week and I just didn't care for the crowd or the venue. I ended up ditching their performance after paying $60 for the wave pool.
3	Okay so the pool is cool. The stage is sweet. And there is room to dance around like a crazy person. Three Stars BECAUSE there is like ONE fucking bar and it takes FOREVER to get a damn drink!!!!!! Completely ridiculous! They did have a good deal on Pool Cups though... First one is $40 and then refills were $20 - if you can ever get to the front of the bar again!!!!
1	This venue is new so it is a "must go " for everyone who's visiting vegas. Being a resident here, we've been to a few dayclub venues offering here. My advice to you is:STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE!! You can't turn a MOTEL pool into a dayclub venue just by adding a few cabana and music. .Security was ridiculous at the door, they checked everything u bring into the club even your wallet.They checked our short to make sure it's certified swim trunk. . They gave out free drink tickets for girls at the door only to find out those tickets only be redeemable at a bar that looks like a high school party self serve drink station . The Gogo dancers was ghetto looking and I think one of the girls got stains on her white bathing suit Overall, this place sucks , stay away from the hype. You'll have a better time going to marquee day club or EBC at EnCoreohh did I mention STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE?!?
2	2.5 stars, but I think it's because we came at a bad weekend. There weren't big name DJ's playing and it was pretty chilly due to a few rain drops. So we got on guest list via a promoter, girls got in for free and boys already bought their tickets. There was no line to get in (we got there by noon) but they forgot to give us girls the free drink tickets. We were confused but we just brushed it off and went inside. We're working professionals, we can buy our own dranks yo, and so we did. Drinks were expensive though, $23 for henny and redbull? YIKES!Anyways, the venue was cool, a simple layout. A big pool in the middle. bar at the back, stage at the front. The stage looked really good for a day club. I have to give props to daylight for keeping a GREAT guy to girl ratio. Lots of girls so it wasn't a complete sausage fest. However one thing was lacking, that was the crowd's energy. Too many pretty girls chilling on the side, nobody was splashing water after every drop, it was too chill for a day club, esp only experiencing a crazy day club at marquee with hardwell last year. I had high expectations coming here, so I came out sorely disappointed, and sad my friends (first time at a day club) had to experience this. We still had fun though.Later my promoter texted me saying we checked in wrong? I actually followed the instructions right, it wasn't our fault, it was the people working at the booth that screwed up. Apparently he didn't get points and we didn't get drink tickets like we were supposed to. So us 7 girls got out of the pool (it was cold!), ran outside the club in our bikini, just to find out the drink tickets ended at 2 so we pretty much just gave our promoter points. The workers were giving us a WTF look, not very helpful. They kept asking us how we got in. WTF?! They let us in in the first place.  I texted our promoter and he didn't even respond to me. We were pretty pissed and that killed our buzz. Getting back in was a hassle, supposedly we had to get a "reentry" stamp to go back in? The dumb dude at the door didn't even ask us if we needed a reentry stamp. So we had to go back in the regular line AGAIN. Such a hassle and a buzz kill.It started raining cold rain drops, so we bounced. We'll probably come back here for big name dj's but we'll def try other day clubs before coming here.Later the promoter had the audacity to text me later asking if we want to go to "Light" after he ignored my previous texts when we had an issue. WTF, step up your customer service. Feel like they gave a sh*t about it, using girls for "points".
3	I am trying hard to not compare this venue to others like Encore Beach Club, so I will give this place a 3 star rating. The location is nice, and it's decorated simply yet elegantly. The wait in the comped guest list line wasn't long at all. There are two bars: the big one in the back and a (much) smaller one in the front near the stage.My girlfriends and I received two free drink tickets each, but when we tried to use them after waiting in the huge bar line, we were told we were only allowed to use them at the FRONT bar, not the main one, and they had to be used by 2pm. They never told us this when they gave them to us at the entrance! Since we had already waited in line at the back bar and it was nearing 2pm, we just decided to forgo those free tickets and buy the $35 drink cups with lids. I feel like despite their high price, they were worth it because the venue was crazy packed and people were splashing pool water everywhere. I wouldn't say I got drunk off my (huge) whiskey ginger, so I would have liked to go back for another but you have to pay for a refill. I think they should raise the price to $40 or even $50 and give free refills!I liked that the bathrooms were clean and neat here, and the dancers were pretty chill, also. They have a rough job dancing in the summer sun while trying to still look fresh and effortless! Nicky Romero was the DJ, and he put on a great set. The stage was pretty far from the pool, however, so we couldn't see him very well. I liked that the pool had an outer rim about 5 feet wide where you can stand with your feet in the water and dance without having to go all the way into the pool. Just a note: people really like to splash here. There's no way to be in/around the pool without getting wet. Also, there's not much shade here, so bring your sunblock and keep hydrated! I asked some people who had cabanas if I could fill my empty drink cup with some ice so I wouldn't have to pay for water, which was nice. I would come here another time, but only if I could go for free again. I'd rather pay to go elsewhere.
5	Daylight Beach Club is an amazing new venue this year with a stage modeled after Ushuaia in Ibiza. It has a simple but modern feel and the venue really comes to life at night on Wednesdays as the stage is unbelievably bright and coordinated with the music.The crowd here is very diverse and the vibe is always upbeat and friendly - I have yet to see a fight happen here on my watch. The DJ's and electronic music create a sense of unity rather than separation. You can't go wrong with that!Drinks aren't as expensive as Encore Beach Club or Marquee Day Club but you still will pay to party - welcome to Vegas! There is one big bar in the back middle and another smaller one towards the front right stage.If cabanas or day beds are your weapon of choice this place is surrounded by them - all with a great view of the DJ.If you are visiting here be sure to contact me 702-417-4850 to be assisted as just walking up can mean a longer and pricier wait.5/5 stars!
4	The pool is a bit small, but the stage is amazing. I love the crowd and when I went there wasn't a famous DJ spinning. It was enjoyable, relaxing, and everything you want from a Sunday beach club.Now, if there was named DJ, I'm sure it would be even more packed. I ended up in the table/cabana section watching the 49ers play and kept drinking. If you bring your friends (girls) they get a good amount of drink passes you can use. Overall, the pictures make this dayclub looked bigger than it actually is, but I still love the music and vibes. One star down because the water pretty darn cold.There's only one bar so it's hard to get drinks. Fortunately, it wasn't crowded on the day I went so it was easily accessed. There is a co-ed bathroom too!  I will be back when there is a known DJ and well see how it is.
1	Probably one of the worst day club experiences I've had in vegas... I was really excited about checking this place out after always seeing photos on daylights Instagram/Facebook. Now the scene didn't disappoint. The stage is pretty sick,  ill give it that. I also liked the layout, huge pool and it was a pretty wide open space. A lot of dayclubs lack that. If there was an option for zero stars I would still give it one due to these facts. So in all fairness if they were just understaffed I can appreciate that. Being a bartender in this town for 5 years that is one thing I can understand. But to be downright rude and disrespectful is not excusable. Here's how our day wentOur promoter informed us if we were on the guest list there wouldn't be a cover charge with a local ID, and there wouldn't be any charge to anyone before noon. We arrived at 11:15, and there was such disorganization at the door it was pathetic. The girls were stuck up and didn't give the time of day finally a guy came over to the line (we were the only ones there btw) and checked us off on the list walked us to the cashier and told us there was a $30 cover. When I showed him the text between myself and my promoter stating there was no cover he said well sorry there is. $30, really not bad at all but being a local in town and also in the industry I am not used to paying cover anywhere. So we get inside the place was a ghost town. It started slowly filling up by 2. But was never completely packed like I've seen in the photos. And I've also never had so many underage girls come up to my boyfriend hitting on him either. I mean they didn't even check our IDs. I went to pull mine out and the guy just said "your good" this is a one way ticket to being shut down Daylight. Since I entered my email address I received 2 free drink tickets. My bf and I went to claim them and the bartender informed me I was not allowed to use them for my bf. only myself. So I ordered one drink and she asked me "that's for you right" I said yes and walked away. When I went up about an hour later to claim my other drink she said she was unable to give me another one. I still have no idea why. So I went up to the main bar (there is only one bar in this place btw) what a effing shitshow. After being skipped over about 4-5 times (this girl was too busy helping all the guys) I finally got her attention and asked for my drinks. She said "you can wait" she walked over to the other side of the bar. I was there for about 45 minutes total. My bf even came up to find me because he started to get worried. We finally got our drinks. 1 ciroc and soda, and 1 jack and coke. $50.00.  Yes you read it correctly. For single shot drinks they were $25.00 a piece. When I asked the bartender  if this was the correct amount she said "if you can't afford to drink here then leave. (if mgt is reading this she was the one with long brown hair, eye glasses, and a white hat) I was so utterly disgusted by this remark. How dare someone say that not only to me but anybody. No wonder she was being called a b*tch by almost every custoner at the bar. I also witnessed her overcharge someone by $100 and said she couldn't reverse it so they were just going to have to order more drinks. Wtf?! The DJ we went for was supposed to start around 1, at 2:45 they still weren't on. We decided to leave and wanted to grab a water before driving home. Went to the bar they said they don't give out free water so we had to buy a bottle. $8 a piece. Now it may seem like all I'm doing is complaining about the prices here but honestly that wasn't a huge deal, it was more or less the breaking point. We spent over $200 at this venue only to be treated like crap. I will never return. ...we should have known better to go anywhere else then marquee. I also hope they get busted for all the underage bs there as well. Good luck staying in business Daylight, something tells me your going to need all the luck you can get.
5	Though there was hardly any daylight the day we came (it was overcast), everything worked in our favor, making it the best dayclub experience I have ever had in Vegas!Hits:* Everyone I met here was so friendly and unlike the average rude, pushy dayclub crowd -- My friend and I talked to a Bride-to-be for 20 minutes while waiting in the crazy line for the free drinks* Land of white beach balls!!!* Designed and built to be a music venue, similar setup but larger than Marquee Day* I thought it was a fluke when my friends of 23 guys and 15 girls got into Light Nightclub a few weekends ago for free, but when a smaller group of us came back to Daylight, my group of 4 girls, 4 guys also got in free, when we thought it would be $30/guy. On top of that, us 4 girls each got 2 drink tickets... Score!* The pool, though small, is clear and free of debris *cough Encore Day* -- no old straws or chewed up limes floating aroundLessons Learned:* No weird Cirque characters gracing us with their presence... alright fine, I'll settle for a normal dayclub experience :(* The drink ticket line is gimangous and only serves Absolut cocktails -- the actual bar has a much larger selection and way shorter lines; though it isn't free, still manageable prices in comparison to other Vegas dayclubs * Keep your shoes nearby rather than hiding them in the planters - security picks them up, but the Security guard was awesome and returned our shoes back to us when we asked :)Cool weather, beautiful and nice people, good music, and an intoxicated good time made for a wonderful experience. Cannot wait to be back!
1	If I can give this place 0 stars I would. We were stopped by a promoter to go to the Eclipse Night club where Daylight is during the day. She told us it was free for guys b4 midnight. Wrong. We got there and had to pay 40 bucks at the door. Not to mention EVERY bouncer told us something different. There were 4 lines and none of them made any sense. Nobody knew the answer to any question and the cashier didnt have a clue. If someone tells me it's free, I assume it's free. Don't set up a promoter booth if you're gonna feed us BS. Terrible.
4	Came here for Eclipse, which is a Wed night night pool jam that's free for locals. Say no more, right? It's the same story as any other pool party/club here. Long lines if you don't come early, multiple confusing lines/guest lists, expensive drinks, blah blah... I mentioned it was free, right? There were fun sharks, flamingos and crabs (insert std joke here ____) in the pool and Major Lazer and the Diplo crew did their thing. Not too bad. It got a bit crowded towards the end, but otherwise I had a great time and Daylight probably the best stage setup for any of the pools that I've seen thus far. Come out here and rockkkk out!Note: There is actually a second, smaller bar close to the front on the right side (if you're facing the stage). Go here.
4	Daylight is a nice alternative to the usual spots on the summer pool party circuit.  The biggest appeal to me are the big name DJs that come here.  I saw Zedd and Krewella here and went deaf while having a blast.  On Wednesday nights Daylight becomes Eclipse during the summer.  Big names like Major Lazer have been to Eclipse too!  Also, the stage looks way cooler at night than it does during the day.Girls still get the usual 2 drink tickets with guestlist.  (Message me if you are interested in guestlist).  Guys usually have to pay for a ticket or at the door.  Rare times guys are free before noon.  It really just depends on the DJ.The bar is nice because it is shaded.  It always gets way hot in Vegas and you need somewhere to chill.  There are a bunch of flat screens playing football (if it is Sunday) right behind the bar too.Overall this pool is one of the smaller pool parties but it packs a lot of good music and a relaxed atmosphere.  Nobody here is snooty, just a bunch of people who like good music and want to have fun.  Come out and try it sometime when you get bored of Marquee Dayclub and Encore Beach Club.
4	Daylight is located way at the end of a long, empty hallway of Mandalay Bay. Like, so far out of the way that I honestly thought we were pretty much leaving the resort.When we got to the club, we were told by the guy at the front that the guest list had been closed. He didn't elaborate. Confused, we were trying to figure out if that meant that they weren't letting anyone in anymore, or if they were at capacity or what. We start to walk away (we're a group of about 10-14) before he calls out, "There's only like 20 people inside. There's no guest list because it's totally dead."Well. Should've elaborated.Unfortunately, due to last minute changes and decisions, Boyfriend hadn't thought to bring shorts/swim trunks, so he was in jeans and they wouldn't let him in due to strict dress code. Which is a little ridiculous, considering the fact that they had ALMOST NO ONE inside. I'm a little annoyed because they lost out on a potential paying customer. I understand that you want to enforce your dress code and not set a precedent of allowing jeans and such inside. But seriously. The amount of people in there was MINIMAL (see my photo for reference). I doubt one guy in jeans would hurt anything. But I digress.The layout of the club is pretty neat. I loved all the couches and lounge-chair-type things scattered everywhere. Not a lot of shade available though, since all the umbrellas were closed up tight. Oh, and no towels were provided because there weren't enough people to warrant them being put out apparently. Not that I went in the water anyway. And the open bar that had been promised had also been cancelled because of lack of attendance. At least the guys got in for free as well as the girls, too.The DJ kept the tunes spinnin', the water was cool against my feet and the sun was warm on my face -- despite a pretty consistent wind that was blowing, that kept the day from being too hot. It was, really, the perfect day to be at Daylight. Not too hot, very uncrowded. Just a shame that the way factors added up, I didn't really want to stay. Would definitely give them another try though.
2	I really like the set up of this place.  It's spread out and very roomy so you never feel claustrophobic like some other clubs. I also really like some of the DJ's they've brought it in, and the light show at night is pretty sick.However, I've gone here just a couple of times for both day club and night club, and my ONLY complaint is the bar staff and service.  I probably would have given them 4 stars if not for that, but the bartenders are so rude and slow that they put postal service employees to shame in that department.  The bartender who helped us on a very slow day one of the last days of day club was such a bi$&@.  It was frankly a little shocking how incredibly rude she was.  Definitely wouldn't have gone back after that and glad it's closed for end of summer.
3	I had just an OK time at Daylight. I don't know if I would go out of my way to go again thought. It was a fun experience though. The staff seems super unorganized, it seems like they have zero communication. It was an ordeal in itself just to tell them we were on the list and get checked in. Drinks were kind of on the more expensive side, but that's Vegas for ya.
5	I love day parties in Vegas, and Daylight is the latest pool party to pop up this year.  It's everything you'd want from a day club; a pool, cabanas, and hot drunk chicks in bikinis everywhere!!!  My review might be a little biased because we had a Cabana and had an amazing time, but that shouldn't take away from the quality of the club.  Unlike the other day clubs I've been too, this has an elaborate stage.  It seams like they put up a stage and said, we'll build a pool in front of it, where as other day clubs are pool-centric. This offers a better DJ watching experience, but who are we kidding, everybody is too busy dancing and chasing after each other to even notice!  It's a hot spot right now and will continue to be.  A dessert oasis at the southern end of the strip.  Get a daybed at the very least, or get a Cabana for the true VIP experience.  Else the lines for drinks will really suck!  And you don't want to be in line for drinks when everybody else is having a good time.
5	#LatePostLove this place.  Small pool and just one bar in the back but the venue itself, DJs and service all tops.  Like everything in Vegas you get what you pay for and subjected to less than desired service if you don't tip out (or don't have a flappy labia) especially during a holiday weekend.  Give your host a good "shake."I recommend Cabana #19 for its central location.  Cabanas can accommodate 15 and comes with a safe, tv, volume control for in-house performer, day bed, cooing fan.Can't wait to go back now that SCOTUS upheld same-sex marriages.  Buddies that are gay or beards in my circle will hopefully provide more opportunities to peer-pressure to return.
5	The best day club! I will totally go anytime. The pool, bars and entire place is great.
1	I started this review in June after I went to Daylight on EDC weekend, and never finished. So it's a super late post. But my feelings are still the same. Don't go here. Don't. Even if you're staying at Mandalay and it seems "convenient". It's not. You'll regret it. You wait in line and then wait in line again and then get charged way too much for everything you want to buy. We bought pre-sale tickets, thank goodness, so we didn't have to wait in the massive line. Our pre-sale tickets were $50 (for females). I asked my sister why they were $50. What do I get for my $50? I guess a DJ and a 21+ atmosphere? Take this review with a grain of salt, it was EDC weekend, so maybe on a normal weekend the lines and crowd aren't THAT bad???We waited for about 40 minutes to get a drink. It's a mob of bodies surrounding the bar trying to do the same thing you're doing, so good luck. We both agreed to get a strong drink to make up for the amount of time we waited and would have to wait again. So, in true Las Vegas fashion, we order two long island ice teas. Go ahead and judge, it's fine. This drink was suitable for the environment, trust me. So being the big sister, I tell little sister that I will get this round! Don't worry about it! The not friendly at all bartender fills our big plastic sippy cups to the top with ice, fills the cup with an unimpressive amount of booze considering it's a Long Island, and then says "That will be 80 bucks".Crickets chirp in my brain. I blink my eyes. My surroundings fade away. Old lady Liz says to me "Did she just say 80 dollars? Did this woman just ask me for $80 for these two long islands? Did I just wait in a line, to wait in a 40 minute line, to be charged EIGHTY DOLLARS for two ice filled long islands?" And then the bass from the DJ kicks back in, I remember that I am being shoved from all sides, sigh a big sigh, and hand her my sad little debit card, soon to be pillaged for 80 something dollars.Out $130 so far, I decide we should make the best of it. We go to the front where the DJ is spinning and dance our little hearts away. Whoever the DJ was that day, he gets 5 stars. He played great music. If your income is substantial and you get a cabana, where you can actually find shade and have drinks brought to you, thus avoiding the horrible bar scenario, you will probably have fun. But if you are an average person, and arrive sober, you will probably hate it. If you go, at least show up with alcohol pumping though you so that you wont mind the high prices and long bar waits. In my case, I just won't be doing this again.
5	What an amazing spot this place has!!!. Unbelievable I haven't had a night out in vegas this good since xs and tryst opened up. Amazing hosts, great music and one of the hottest crowds vegas has to offer the nite club is sick and has me waiting for summer so I can get back
3	DAY IGHTTook forever to find where this club is at, but once there it was pretty fun. Got table service which was good, but it was amateur hour next to us they had around 50 people to a cabana all spilling one bottle so that was kind of annoying that security didn't regulate on that.I had a good time with friends here. If you don't have cool friends or aren't willing to try to have a good time I can see why you would hate it here.
1	If I could give this place a lower rating I would. The security guards were so rude. I'm never going back. My bachelorette party left feeling like it was a waste of time to even step into this club.  We were planning on spending the entire day at this pool and drinking the day away. Instead we left after we had our two free drinks and left unhappy. This was truly an awful experience.
3	Venue is nice just has a smaller pool. If your a female and get free drink tickets cash them in because when they run out of alcohol it's done. And you can't bring any outside drinks into the venue.
1	Arielle and Chavez are a fucking joke. We are 27 and they wouldn't not let us in. They even made us sign a random notebook. Too bad we're 27, know two casino owners, and literally took your picture because you're pathetic. What a poor group of people to let you into a club. Hole you're fired!!! Don't go here. Literally make you jump thru hoops for nothing. Go anywhere else and I hope daylight gets their shit together with their front desk.
4	Daylight was the first pool party we hit while we were in Vegas. It was the trending spot, from what we had heard, so went to check it out.It was big, but not really bigger than the other day party club's pools. The stage was average, nothing special. But there was plenty of space to dance next to it.We got two drink tickets for being girls when came in (and we got in for free via the guest list of course). Awesome.Only issue was they were only good until 2 pm and they were only well vodka drinks. Oh well, still free is free.It was a super hot day, which you think would make people cranky. But everyone was very nice and we made a ton of new friends.My favorite part of the day was this very well endowed woman who danced and sang her heart out in the water like no one watching. I'm not sure where her friends were. It was hilarious, and I was being a bitch so I instagram videoed it. I know I'm going to get a ton of Yelp comments shaming me for my behavior, but god that girl was the highlight of my trip.Daylight was cool, but Wet Republic and Rehab are still at the top of my Vegas Pool Party lists.
1	The managers here do not know how to communicate. The promoters are not good. They don't even know the policies apparently. How are you gonna tell us we can get in for free by 3PM and we arrive at 2PM but they say we can only get $10 off. If that's the case, let us know so we can bring money and be prepared. We wasted our time coming here. It's bullshit. Get your shit together okay?! All I gotta say is if you come here, you better make sure your promoter knows what he's doing because Brandon does not. Good luck to you.
4	Eclipse (daylight beach club) on Sunday nights is the place to be! Sold out Sundays! They have night swim and the best DJ's. Daylight turns into eclipse on Sunday night and it's a party you need to attend! The stage and lights make it a remarkable place to see. I highly recommend this place!
5	Having a great time at eclipse. The new renovations pop out. The cocktail waitress have great energy. Can't wait to come back
4	Eclipse is Daylight pool without the sun burn. We had a cabana  the service was on point and  the bottle presentaions were really cool. The LEDs on stage really pop at night, and the new speaker set up by the cabanas sounded really good. If your looking for an alternative from the usual vegas club scene with the same energy and good looking crowd try Eclipse. Next time I'm definitely coming in pool attire.
1	The promoter here need to get their sh*t together. This was Sunday. AJ promised our group free entrance and cabana for our group. When we got there, nothing was free. They only gave us $10 off. Whatever. We went in anyway. We called him and he said sorry for the misunderstanding and that he will get a free cabana for us. He told us to just enter and wait for him. We went in, got a few drinks, and waited for 45 min. The reason why we waited was because we wanted the cabana. Our group consist of 7 girls and 4 guys. Us guys just want to drink and relax at the cabana. Finally when we heard from AJ, he said if we want a cabana it will cost us $100. That's really cheap. But that's not the point. He told us it would be free and switch on us once we got there. I don't like being tricked like that. I spent over $2500.00 at a club a night before.Just tell me it's a $10 discount at the door and $100 for a cabana and I will be there with a smile. The crazy part was when I told him what he did was bad business. He said fine and he will take me off of his list. Can you believe that? I didn't care. I have money and there's a lot of resorts in Vegas that will definitely welcome me.
4	Went on a solo trip to Vegas (suicide trip) since no one would go with me but it was all cool. I got to Vegas and I went to a nice hotel (I won't say which one) and got hooked up because I did the sandwich trick. Ok pretty much I got there at 4am check in is 3pm and the guy just charged me for Friday but check out was at 12. That's fine. I got a good rate and an upgrade with a wonderful view. So anyways after my glorious power sleep I checked out and decided to hit up a dayclub. Called my promoter got walked in and it was pretty niceThe atmosphere was very up beat and the water was relatively clear. So I was just enjoying my time drinking mojitos and redbulls. The dj was so good I just had a great time by myself ... Then all sudden this random group of girls came to me tried talking to me. They were a little flirty but for some reason I know what they are up too. I have a lot of female friends and because of it I learn from them and I know how girls operate to some extent or at least enough to protect myself from b-words. Plus they help me get their perspective so it's nice having lady friends that are seen the same way you see your guy friends.  And right when one of them asked if I can get her a drink. I straight up said no. Hey tried to give me the cutessy oh come on I thought we are having a good time. They kept pushing it and I kept saying I'm good. The. After awhile they tried to Be touchy and I told them i am sorry I know I may be by myself but I don't need to do anything for you.Pretty much they left after that. And I continued having a good time. So yeh for guys out there learn from this. You don't need to get random girls drinks. They get in clubs free anyways so clubs can attract horny guys that will spend money on them in hopes of getting lucky. But most of the times the girls are the ones they get lucky and you lose your self respect and to be honest they won't respect you just for picking up especially if you don't know them. . Best thing to do is have respect for yourself. Tell them off respectfully as best as possible and have a good time regardless.
2	I probably picked the worst day possible for my first visit to Daylight- the Sunday before Memorial Day. It was super crowded, and the crowd... well... it wasn't what I was expecting, let's just leave it at that. However, that is no fault of Daylight. Entering the pool/dayclub was just a mess. People everywhere, no sense of organization, no one paying attention to anything. Our friends were already inside at a daybed, so we were meeting them. We finally got the attention of the right person and got inside. What a zoo!! Eventually, I found out that the crowd demographics were because Kendrick Lamar was performing. Ok, that makes sense.During the course of the day, I witnessed at least 3 major fist-fights. Security usually came promptly to break it up- with the use of more violence. The drinks were expectedly expensive, and service was sparse.I will say that the DJ was great, and the sound system was really good as well. The size of the pool looked pretty big as well, but of course, it was overflowing with people. I'd probably give it another try on a non-holiday weekend to see if things are any different.
3	Drinks are strong, pool is fun (cool floating toys everywhere), and layout was not too bad. I still prefer Encore Beach Club over this place, but it's a solid second choice. I have to dock a star for one thing. $50 to rent a locker. Seriously?!?!
4	This is my second dayclub in Vegas and I would have to say that I was quite impressed.Wait time: I was on the guest list so it took about 10-15 minute to get in, so I was a happy camper!  Music: If you like EDM, than this is the place to go. I went this past MDW and Alesso was playing. He was AMAZING ! If you ever get a chance to see him, do it you won't regret it.Venue: More spacious in comparison to the Marquee dayclub! Criticism : Free complimentary drink areaI wish the staff would have told us where to go to redeem our free drinks. After waiting 20 minutes at the bar and finally getting a bartender's attention I was informed that the comp drinks are located near the main stage. As I made my way there, I saw a sea of girls swarming around the bar. It took like 40 minutes to get 8 drinks and it definitely required me to put up a fight. So get ready to push and shove girls out of the way, because that is what it takes! I felt so bad for the bartenders, because there were only 2 making drinks. God Bless their souls for being so patient despite crazy girls screaming and yelling rude remarks at them!Caution: Beware of the people you are around in the pool. Some strangers flipped over my float causing permanent water damage to my phone which costed me an arm and leg to replace. I know it was stupid of me to have my phone near the water, but those guys should of never done that to begin with!!!!Definitely coming back, but next time to be on the safe side I will leave my phone in the locker or just stay out of the water completely.
5	Best pool party in Vegas so far. Came here a few weeks ago and had an amazing time. Free drinks, great DJ's, perfect atmosphere and just a fantastic time. My new place for Saturday and Sundays during the day.
1	Awful.... Rude... I guess you could say this about most clubs in Vegas, but this place was actually turning people away for not being attractive enough - LOL wow... seriously?  When it was our turn, we gave them our tickets, and we were told the tickets were fake.  They were given to us by a promoter working for Mandalay Bay for my bday AND her name was written on it.  The two girls at the front didn't give a crap, turned us away.  The darker-skinned chick was SUCH a bitch.  I'm sorry but I had to say it.  We were very nice, and when I tried to explain the situation she was just so rude.  I could not even believe how we were being treated.  We tried to talk to a few people to report what happened but we were literally ignored or laughed at.  FUN!
1	Terrible Bartender! Rude!My girIfriends and I attended Daylight on June 22. I was standing in line at the bar waiting to purchase drinks for my girlfriends.  When I got to the front I approached the bar and was waiting for one of the 2 bartenders to acknowledge me.  There was a male bartender with short black hair who was closest to me, so I figured he was the one who was probably going to help me, so I waited patiently for him to finish up with who he was helping and then he would eventually make his way to me...like how it works in most bars.  There was a young, attractive blonde male waiting in line behind me, then he eventually ended up on the left side of me at the bar. Although I was clearly first, the male bartender proceeded to help him first and clearly ignored me while he assisted this customer while flirting with him at the same time telling him how hot he was.  Once he was taken care of, the bartender ignored me and continued to go down the line of the bar helping all the male customers.  After about 20-25 minutes, I said to him, "Excuse me",  which at that point he turned and looked at me all annoyed and said, "Yeah?" I said, "Could you help me? I have been waiting like 20 minutes." I was not rude, I was of course kind of yelling because the music was so loud.  He looked at me and his whole demeanor completely changed and went from friendly, (which he was being with the other male customers), to agitated and hostile towards me.  He then spouted  off some idiot comment saying, "Uh, this is like the Walmart line, and this is the Kmart line (referring to the female bartender), and you need to go stand in that line!"  I was completely taken aback and disgusted by his rude and unprofessional behavior!  I turned and left, then turned around again and saw him ranting and badmouthing me to the other female bartender.  All he had to say politely to me was that there were 2 separate lines, which were NOT clearly defined at all....and that would have been fine.  Instead, I get rude out of context comments made to me about Walmart and Kmart that make so sense whatsoever. I unfortunately got the impression that if I had been an attractive male, he would have not talked to me like that and he would have helped me. That is his sexual preference and I have NO problem with that whatsoever, but do not use that against a PAYING customer in a professional environment! I had 4 other girls with me, along with 3 more on the way, but after that DISGUSTING incident, my other friends were angered and we decided to leave and texted our other friends and told them NOT to come!  Everything up to that point had gone smoothly, our promoter AJ Cruz was attentive and great, security was polite and the other VIP waitresses I was chatting with, were friendly. But as they say, the bad always seem to overshadow the good, and in this case it was completely true.  We will not be attending Daylight again after the unprofessional and discriminatory behavior of that bartender, nor will I be recommending it to anyone.
2	Getting through security in this place is worse than the TSA.  The lady checking bags took my tin of Altoids because (dead serious) "you may have soaked them in drugs".  FFS, seriously?  Drinks and food were good- (coconut shrimp were the stand out)....but the servers were generally rude unless you appeared to be ready to drop $5k.
3	Awesome Dayclub!! Went for the first time today to check out Krewella perform. Pretty easy to get in and had small lines.However, It was very difficult getting drinks, as there were only a few bartenders. It took 20 minutes to get 2 drinks :( they do have a delicious strawberry vodka drink.
4	ABSOLUTELY LOVED DAYLIGHT! I've been to wet republic, and marquee and this tops both of them. Went here last weekend for my friends combined bachelorette/bachelor party (girls AND guys- yes it CAN be done!) my husband is friends with the groom so it was fun to do our separate thing on Friday then all meet up at Daylight on Saturday.Anyways when all of us girls arrived we only had to wait about 5 mins tops to get in. Our server was good, can't remember her name though. The dj that day was awesome too! Great mix of house, hip hop, and even some alternative. Only thing that I didn't like was the coed bathroom (I seriously thought I had walked into the men's room and let out a scream until the attendant let me know this is also women's) sorry, but I just need my female privacy in there and I really don't want to see anything unless it's my husband! Other than that weird bathroom set up, I loved it there & I will def be back during my next trip to Vegas!
3	man i left this place thirsty... heading ova to MOOREA now.   hopin they are a little bit more appreciative of the new suit I'm rockin.
1	This place wouldn't let our group in because someone died last week that came off a bus. Okay so now everyone that comes off a bus can't get in!? Thats just ridiculous. It's fine tho I'll just take my money elsewhere.
3	I don't like Daylight as much as others. They didn't have towel service, or maybe they did but it wasn't right when you walked in and in an obvious place. It was wayyyyy too crowded. Even when we had a table, everyone was so close to each other -_- What's the point of getting a table then? It was okayyyyyy.
5	If you go to Vegas, you gotta go to a day party. Yeah yeah, the night life is super awesome and all, but if you haven't been to a pool party in Vegas, you are missing out. It's a whole 'nother beast and Daylight Beach Club is a heavy hitter in the day party game. Their pool venue is very nicely put together and their service makes sure every customer is comfortable and catered to well. Make sure you get a day bed or cabana if you have a large group though because it's nice to have a "home base" where everyone could congregate and party together.
4	Went here for a friends bday....its was alot of fun...there was a hip hop dj the day I went...we got a cabana thru chris cangco hes was alot of fun and helped us out...I would refer all my friends to him...the drinks are expensive but thats all vegas....all in all great vibe
4	Came here last Saturday expecting to wait in a very long line and perhaps even having to pay to get in considering we weren't on any guest list. My girls and I got there sometime after 1pm. Our cab took us right outside to the entrance which was nice. The second we got out a promoter approached us and asked if we were on anyone's list. Of course I said no. He told us to follow him and we headed towards the line. I am not sure if there was another entrance to this place but the line was not as long as I expected it to be. We basically didn't have to wait or pay.YES! And he gave us all 2 free drink tickets! Thank you! The only complaint I have was there was only one small bar you can redeem your drinks tickets and it was crowded with 100 other girls waiting. I only used 1 because of course, it wasn't strong enough and watered down too quick. The place was really crowded, but so is any other pool you go to. My girls and I make the most of everything and we really enjoyed ourselves!
2	The venue in my opinion is very well laid out and has a large pool and should be 4 stars, but I deducted 2 stars because the bouncers here definitely WILL try to RIP YOU OFF.  I had reservations set up for a daybed and $500 food/bev tab for saturday with about 10 people even ratio.  I showed up at 1:15pm and the front bouncer told me he sold my table and they were sold out, but could get a table if i had a $1000 min.  So pretty much they had my table, but wont let me use it unless i paid $500 more.   They did not mention this possibility at time of reservation.  This is a classic bait and switch that occurs at clubs that have horrible bouncers/hosts.I've gone to many clubs in vegas and this is the first time i felt so cheated by a club.  I had my whole group there and we already taxied it there and we had nowhere else to go so we ended up paying for it.  If you come here, expect the bouncers to upsell or rip you off unless you are connected.  Would have been a great experience otherwise.
5	Of the various pool parties my friends and I have been to, this has been my absolute favorite. We got in on the guest list and immediately got a locker, between 4 of us, $50 wasn't too bad. I'd hold on to your flip flops though, the ground got real hot, real fast! Drinks were Vegas priced. So don't be surprised. We ended up buying the $35 drink with a  reusable cup and $25 refills. It fit at least 2 drinks inside and made for a fun sippy cup when dancing! The DJ that played was Hook N Sling and he was awesomeeeeeeee. We had a spot towards the front side of the pool that was shallow enough for us to dance. As it got later we moved closer and danced in the front. Over all, such a fun day. We got wristbands to use the wave pool and lazy river, but after a short time we were sick of the kids and had to get back to our adult beverages ;)
3	Day-Man! Fighter of the Night-man! Champion of the sun. You're a Master of Karate...And friendship....For Everyone.Day-Light! Fighter of the Night-Light? I think I'm getting a little too old for beach clubs. But alas, I have a youthful spirit so here we go! Ended up coming here on a Saturday. Went with a huge group of girls and was able to bypass the line like that. Went in, got my dance on. Apparently someone puked in the pool so we all had to get out. It was an ok experience and I was glad I didn't have to wait too long.
2	The workers here have THE worst attitudes.  No customer service.  We stood in line to scan our tickets and the ladies at the table seemed very indifferent about being there.  They scanned our tickets and told us to go to the next line for ID check.  They checked our IDs, stamped our wrists, then were sent to another line.  We got to the front of that line when they tell us that we needed a ticket that the ladies at the table had neglected to give us.  We walk back to the initial line and asked about the tickets in question.  They didn't even apologize for forgetting but instead sounded annoyed as if it was our fault for forgetting.  We then try to skip the ID check since we had already received a stamp.  The guy said that he did not care and that we needed to get to the back of the line.  So we stood in the line AGAIN and showed our stamps.  So now we're finally at the last person who collects the ticket.  This guy rudely demands that my boyfriend hand him his wallet. We thought he was just messing with us but insisted, demanding the wallet.  He finally lets him have it and I guess they're checking for drugs or whatnot but they could have been a lot nicer about it.  The whole ordeal just to get inside was atrocious.Once inside, the venue was actually pretty nice.  Not too big but not too small.  Hook N Sling was amazing and kept it going all day.  I also loved how they had a hype guy who tried to get the crowd amped.  He was jumping around, soaking people with a super-soaker, and pouring shots of Fireball straight into people's mouths.  Hook N Sling and the hype guy really lifted our spirits and for that I give two stars.
1	Sucks. Super small. Only one bar. Super slow and rude service especially from the one dude bartender that works there- he hates life. Would recommend any day club over this but especially Marquee. Way more spacious and worth the $ and wait to get in.
3	**********Review for ECLIPSE*****************I never know what to say when reviewing clubs. Trying to think of something creative to say or even helpful. We were in town for our anniversary and wanted to check this new-ish outdoor pool party out. With hook ups from a promoter buddy we were in! We arrived a little before 10:00pm  and there was already a line every which way you could imagine. It was hard to locate a spot to meet up with my buddy to get our passes to enter into the pool area. We finally found each other and we were in as soon as we got through the security line. As we entered into the pool area some of the Light staff were giving out Jell-O Shots. Loved their enthusiasm you could tell that they really enjoy their jobs! We got two free drink tickets (only catch was you had to get your drinks before 12:00 am and they had two drink choices) which everyone rushed to the smaller bars on the side of the stage (the main bar does not accept the drink tickets). After seeing the line, we decided to just pay for our drinks, no big deal! Do not come here excepting to pay $5.00 for a drink. It is expensive but the bartenders do mix the drinks strong.My buddy had a cabana and offered us to join him, but since this was our first time here and Krewella was spinning, I wanted to be where the action was. Which meant to be as close to the stage as possible! Yeah, I know bad decision as the night went on more drunktard were there and i got stepped on. I do not know if these people were on the guest lists or actually paid to come in but security was not on top of everything that night! One of the VIP tables that was in the middle of the floor was abandoned for I guess a better viewing area, these drunktard took it over and started tossing pillows at Jahan and Yasmine if one of them didn't move to the right quickly enough they would have been taken out by it! Security came over and told them to leave the area but did not kick them out. Interesting! They found the people who abandoned their original VIP cabana and made them return to it. Every 20 minutes they ordered something new their cocktail server was rude and she rushed and pushed whoever it was out of the way no sorry or excuse me, it was like she was in-titled to do it. Now I know what you are saying sometimes you have to do that, but there is a nicer way too! Especially if you want people to return!  So getting over those little hiccups and getting dollar bills raining on us every half hour from the nearby cabana and everyone around us going nuts for it (the struggle is real folks). Krewella put on a great set and we ended up staying almost until 4am!Would I return to this epic pool party, I think once was enough, time to find another fun filled club to check out!
3	I had guest list and my promoter (who never lets me down or give me wrong info) told me even ratio guys/girls were all free.  When I got there, they only gave the guys 50% off and they had to pay $30.  I'm not sure who was wrong here, Daylight or my promoter but my girl never ever let's me down.  We had a daybed reserved for a $1500 minimum but we didn't end up using it because it just didn't seem worth it for this pool party.  Only one bar but it wasn't too crowded.  We ordered food and they wouldn't let us take the food away from the bar.  So we had to stand there and eat it.  I've been to other pool parties that let us bring the food to the pool edge.  Lame.  There was open bar for girls until 2pm but they only served some shitty vodka that I've never heard of.  I looked at the label and it was in Russian.  The slushy drinks in the plastic cups were $40 but they were good and fairly strong.  The music was good.  A mix of hip hop and EDM.  The crowd was....eehh...kinda ratchet. Overall, not among the best pool parties I've been to.  Wet and Marquee were way more turnt up and a better crowd.
5	The  music was better than at Hakkasan the night before. Awesome sound system.Free drinks (preselected), although watered down, was free for ladies. At least the water and ice kept me hydrated. Free entry and drinks for ladies on guest list. Guys if you are on guest list get there an hour before. Really fun! And it doesn't hurt that Kev Jumba happened to be there!! :)
4	If done correctly, you might have the time of your life at Daylight Beach Club... if not, you'll just spend WAAAAY too much money and leave with pink eye. Bear with me friends, let me begin.Unless you have all the money in the world to blow (which i don't)  you're going to want to get yourself on a guest-list. It's not too difficult to find a guest list to get on, just use that brain of yours to search the web or find a promoter in or around Mandalay Bay to get you on one. If you have trouble finding a guest list, private message me and i'll see if i can help. The guest list i was on gave me free cover (a huge saving) as long as i brought a female in with me, whom also got in free... just get there before 2:00 PMGals with a guest list bracelet supposedly drink for free until 2:00 PM but i don't think it was good booze they were giving away, and nothing your liver would want to filter....Drinks were about $30 a piece, and buying one of those plastic, refillable cups is a requirement in order to have fun and swim while drinking. Just buy the silly cup so you can fit in with everybody else.While waiting in line to get drinks, use (again) that brain of yours to observe the bartenders. Along with all them being a little on the rude side, they do poor stiff drinks. Watch which bartender pours the stiffest drinks and just go to her. When you're there you'll know exactly what i am talking about.Since we're on the topic of drinks: do you yourself a favor and only order vodka-waters for 3 reasons. 1) They're cheaper. You get charged separately for the liquor and the mixer and in this specific case water is free. 2) You're going to need to drink a lot of water anyways in order to stay alive (seriously) people were passing out from lack of water and being in the blazing sun all day. So drink a retarded amount of water before the day even starts and keep guzzling the stuff while you're there. 3) They don't seem to sell bottom shelf vodka so even for the shamefully high price of the drinks, you're getting quality vodka that (in theory) will give you far less of a hangover.Let talk about security. According to past Yelp reviews, i expected the security team to be Nazis (figuratively speaking, NOT literally). In actuality they weren't that bad. They were more professional than i originally imagined. The lifeguards were dicks... but i mean really, who cares, they're lifeguards! Of course they hate people, especially drunk ones, and i'm sure if i passed out in the pool they would've been there to save my life. Whatever, don't let me start rambling.The DJ was good, the views were nice, the women were beautiful, the line passes were worthless, i was confident =) the pool water was realistically (probably) one tenth urine and spilled drinks, but whatever, it's a pool party after all. There's so much chlorine in there the worst thing you could possibly get is pink eye, which you will get if you go under water. So don't go under water and dance yourself stupid with beautiful people to fun music and expensive drinks.It was truly a five star experience, but i had to pull one star away though because there was SOOO many bottle caps on the ground, and since everyone is barefoot for at least a little while... i stepped on one and it cut the bottom of my foot open deep. I would've got stitches but i don't have healthcare readily available. Insert Obama joke here__________ ;) Is it worth a lawsuit??? No, it really isn't but seriously, the bottle caps were everywhere and they were sharp and that wasn't cool at all. I'd like a written apology for allowing such a foreseeable problem but at the same time it's my own damn fault for drinking too much of there expensive liquor and stepping on a sharp-ass bottle cap. I'm rambling again.Friends, aside from the bottle cap issue, this place was everything i was hoping for. The "product" i received from Daylight was fantastic and well worth the $120 i spent on drinks, it's Vegas after all... they'll get the money out of you. With that being said, good luck, Praise be to God, and Semper Fi.
4	This place was pretty packed the Saturday my friends and I came.  It took forever to order at the bar.  We ordered a specialty souvenir that came with a drink ($35); 1 skyy vodka drink $14; 1 chicken fingers dish with fries ($17, chicken fingers were good, fries sucked); and lastly 1 small water for $8, a total rip off.  If you're low maintenance, take yourself to the bathroom and drink from the sink lmao!  The total came out to about $80 not including tip.Besides the bar being packed, the pool area was pretty packed as well.  Too many people were there.  My friend suggested we go see Hook N Sling, the DJ performing that day.  He wasn't that great.  Oh well.  Lesson learned.  But this place was cool, it's better at night outdoors that's for sure (with the lights and all).
1	Why no gopro?  This place does not allow go pro.  I did not even use the gopro stick.  I was using gopro as a point and shoot camera.--- as in click, click.  I don't think its fair that people around me can use their waterproof camera phone, while I cannot use my water proof camera.
4	I LOVE THIS DAY CLUB. Granted, we had the daybed closest to the stage, but it was 6 hours of fun and dancing. The day bed price cost us around $750 and the service was great. Endless towels, music, dancing, and plain old adult fun. For me, day clubs are terrible unless you have your own day bed and/or cabana.... then, the experience is awesome. This is the place to be if you want to swim around and enjoy a relaxing day in the sun while in Vegas.
2	I was really stoked to go to this place during EDC week to see Alesso on Saturday. My buddy's and I had a table couch that was near a speaker which was loud. That part was awesome the bottles came out in a timely manner, the mixed drinks were okay but other services were sub standard. It took awhile for us to get menus for food and the food itself. Chicken salad?? I asked a staff member who was walking around to take a picture of our group and he told me he was busy!?? Really three seconds? There was a fight between a women and a guy. She was tackled by the security guards. To top it off someone "contaminated the pool" which was closed early. Too many bros and over served people. Never again! Two star because Alesso was really good!
1	i got a confirmation say that me and my girl are in the gueslist. travel from san francisco when i got here they told me that the rules have been change men pay 75 dollar and girls only in the gueslist .they didnt email me about the changes. for all my san Francisco friends this people are fake dont sing up for anything because you going to end up giving your information and who knows what they do with it .maybe sell it.
2	Way way overrated with terrible service.Reserved a daybed for $2500 and they tried to "double due to demand"!Crowd was ok, I won't be going back.
4	Must say I enjoyed this day club more than encore beach club and wet republic. Came here on Saturday to see gta, got in for free and got free drinks from 1pm to 2pm, only sucky part the free drinks were only vodka drink! I rather have crown and ginger ale or jack and coke! But can't complain because they were free!! Lol only part that sucked was my husband tried to use some sun block in the restroom and the guy demanded a tip of $5 or $10 because that is what people use the most! It usually is tip only! I still had fun though! Oh n the lockers to store your things are $50 for 8hrs, so if anyone wants to get one I suggest to do it early! We drank so much we ended up leaving our car there and took a taxi back to our hotel, came back the next morning to pick up our car and it was still there!
4	I've never been to a day club so I don't have much to compare it too. I went through a Galavantier for my booking. I have to say it was so much better than i thought it would it be and I would definitely go again, especially if I was booking for a large group again (20+). I think no matter what day club you go to, its going to be packed, hot, hard to get a drink (unless you got a personal server at your table like I did!) and eventually full of sloppy sun burnt drunk people after 2pm. I felt like Daylight had a good amount of space and pool space. My group stayed from 11ish to almost 2:30ish. I think we stayed the right amount of time to enjoy and live it up and keep great memories without too much sun burn. I only minus one star because the busser was a little sleazy and uncomfortable too close in my personal space. I didn't really interact too much but that was my instinct on him. For the most part his was helpful and attentive but also not well informed of our group's comped bottle and also tried to scam us for more gratuity as we tried to leave. We paid our gratuity up front for everything through our event coordinator. After I texted my guy we asked for the manager/host and it got cleared up quickly. Our gratuity was paid for, but of course if we wanted to give extra gratuity we could, and after that mis-communication or scam... I didn't feel like giving extra. Otherwise, I had a great time there and you definitely get more bang for your buck there than say Marquee.
4	I came here for Labor Day weekend and i was stoked to go since Alesso was playing and from pictures and what i heard, Daylight was supposed to be craaazzzy. BUT LOL the pool is actually pretty small, i was expecting EBC kinda shit, but its fun anyways!The line moves 10000x quicker than EBC, thank the lord. The first thing we did was get drinks .... and oh my god it was soooo SLOW because there is only ONE BAR. so i suggest if you dont want to spend half your time waiting for a drink, buy the huge cups plastic cups ($40), which they fill with copious amount of alcohol. Super efficient bc you get refills (cheaper) and it has a cap so you can bring them into the pool to drink (cap is kinda loose and doesn't close all the way tho, idk why). I got the mojito, and since i didnt eat breakfast or lunch (results of a late night and rushing to make guestlist), i got pretty fucked upppp. The stage is pretty amazing... from what i saw of it. I was mostly in the pool a lot of the time because it was so freakihng hot. But BEWARE OF SPLASHERS -______- i know i know, the drop is fucking amazing or whatnot, and everyone is excited and shit.... but damn... ): so much splashing my fake eyelashes almost fell off................... LOLOLOL. good thing i had my sunglasses hahahaalso --- if youre walking from the strip into mandalay bay/daylight, the pool is in the back of the hotel. When you call for a taxi, make sure to tell them Daylight, not Mandalay Bay. They have taxis right outside of the beach club, so its easy to get a ride without walking all over the hotel in drunken stupor.......but seriously minus one star bc my dress got stolen so i had no cover up at the end, WTFFFF. so it was so cute ): and NO TOWELS ?!?!? where do i even go to get them.... (but it wasnt such a big deal bc the heat dried us off realll quick). And they kicked us out of our daybed midway through the pool party. Idk how long my friend reserved it for though........
4	Do yourself a favor and stave yourself for at least a year, and please do at least a few pushups.Don't be a grenade. People pay quality money to look at hotties, not notties.If you're a decent girl, just fish for free drinks. There are plenty of guys ready to buy you a sports bottle filled with melted ice and vodka.We saw a pregnant chick partying here. She had to be drinking for two.
3	You ever mentally pregame.. and you tell yourself no matter how f'd up you may be you will NOT, repeat you will NOT get into the dirty pool. Yes... i had this mental pregame before coming to Daylight. Sadly, the alcohol was too intoxicating and I found myself submerged in the pool while Krewella played having a blast with my girlfriends. This was my first day club and I had a great time. Pool and venue could have been better. A bigger bar or multiple bars would have been nice... getting a drink was a nightmare
5	*This is for Eclipse, which is Daylight at night.Was here Sun/14 Sep about 10:15 pm with some friends:- Free entry for guys and gals via www.LasVegasGuestList.com and the ladies got wristbands for free drinks (cosmopolitan type) until midnite.- We were supposed to arrive by 10 pm but there wasn't really a line for vip/guestlists and we got in with no problem.- Bar service was pretty quick.  - Lounge chairs were free to sit on as long as it wasn't reserved for bottle service, etc.- Don't know who the DJ was but I liked his EDM selection.- Will definitely be back, I guess in 2015 when pool season re-opens.
4	Security guards think they're police, they even make comments like "if you wouldn't say that to a police officer, then why say it to me."  Drinks are super stiff, lines could be less long. Pool was cold and I'm sure gross too! I overheard someone say they tested the waters for purple dye when they peed. If they didn't see any and I didn't either, pretty sure the water is dirty as shit. Music was great!
4	Daylight -- SO MUCH FUN. Saw Zedd for the first time here (I preferred his second epic performance at the Oakland Theater though). This was still one of the more memorable moments of Vegas 2013 -- his set was amazing, and I was bouncing up and down all the way to the exit. My favorite moment was hearing his MERCY hip-hop remix. I will never forget that ("Lamborghini Mercy...") and how the crowd kept going up and down. PROS+ It was easy to get to the front of the stage -- this was ideal for head banging moments, though it was a bit hard to see the top of Zedd's lovely head. We got a promo postcard for his new single "Stay the Night" (which sounded totally awesome that day btw) + Even though the guys and gals in our party didn't want to use it, my friend and I still enjoyed a dip in the pool. + Visuals were kickass, sound was crisp and bass was dirrrtyyy. Fantastic. CONS - Can't remember how much they cost, but pricey lockers are available. - Taxi line is insane. We ran into this spoiled rich white kid who took advantage of us by freeloading and hitching a ride. There are annoying and rude people like that in Vegas, don't mind them. - Drinks were expensive. I think I dropped at least $20 on two large AMFs that we finished in a jiffy. And it was really annoying to try and get to the front of the bar and get the person's attention, meh. - I think I kinda went partially deaf that day, but that's because I was so close to the stage. For $60?, a nice, warm summer's day, and great company -- I really enjoyed Daylight Beach Club, but only because Zedd was there. I think I would have enjoyed it even more at night. The crowd was good (as in good-looking) -- but it's really about the people you come with. Great energy regardless,A- #BestOfVegas
5	I had a blast. The music was great, the drinks were great, and the food was delicious. My friends and I got a cabana and had access to a private pool which was nice. Bud Light had a cabana a few cabanas down and they came over with two free buckets of beers to add to all of the alcohol we already had. It was a once in a lifetime opportunity!
4	I came here with some friends for my birthday and loved my first day club experience!The pool area is quite large and there's plenty of room to hang out inside and outside of the pool. There's a nice view of Mandalay Bay. The bathrooms are really nice lol.We were able to get in for free and get a couple of free drinks each and had a really fun afternoon.It's not the fanciest day club in Vegas, but it's one of the best that you can easily get into AND have enough space to enjoy yourself.
