3	The times I have actually purchased something at Buffalo are few and far between.  It seems like a good idea, but the deals really aren't that good.  In the many years I have been visiting the store they have lost their genuine eclectic feel in exchange for faux-hip, overprice goods.  If I wanted to pay like-new prices I would go to a store that sells NEW things.
2	Most of the stuff here is new, not used, and these are NOT thrift store prices. you can randomly find some deals on name brand stuff like Volcom and Lucky jeans, but i don't usually even bother stopping in here anymore. they have shoes, selection is hit or miss, purses (new and used), jewelry (new), hats (new and used), house wares (new)...they've really expanded -literally and figuratively - in the last 12 years or so since i've been going.don't bother trying to sell something unless it's a really sweet vintage piece or top brand label and with the tags still attached... that's all they will tell you they can take at any given time, yet they must keep it all for themselves because i rarely see that kind of merch out on the floor.
3	Ok, here's my best tip for how to sell stuff to Buffalo Exchange and I'm sharing it since my geography no longer makes it worthwhile:When I lived in the northwest valley, I would take weekend trips to the Sun City thrift stores. There are a lot there and they all cluster. The proportion of elderly locals to college kids makes for a gold mine of vintage stuff that hasn't been picked through. Whenever I found stuff that was cool, but didn't fit, I'd buy it for a couple bucks there and then trade it in to Buffalo for maybe $6-8 in credit. I got pretty good at predicting what they'd take and it worked out to be a good line of credit at the store.
4	Buffalo Exchange aims to be a cool thrift store with only stuff people would actually want to buy. Although they succeeded, the prices aren't really at all close to thrift store prices. They have some unique things but I wouldn't go in there expecting to get a great deal. If you are feeling thrifty stick to Savers or Goodwill, and treat Buffalo Exchange as a regular shopping experience.
4	The Buffalo Exchange is awesome and I just love shopping there for cheap, designer denim and vintage Ts. If you are planning on updating your wardrobe and trading in your used clothing then make sure that it is seasonally-appropriate (no bikinis in December) and that it is fashionable. The latest Ann Taylor collections (or those that are a few seasons old) might look awesome to professionals, but they are usually shunned by the buyers at the Buffalo Exchange. Take them to My Sister's Closet, where they stand a chance of selling.
2	Every time I go to this place I ask myself what I am doing there. I rarely find anything there that is a good buy and the staff is completely ridiculous.  They usually talk down to me and they aren't very helpful at all. Even more so when I try to sell very good items to them I get very little back. Not worth it.
3	My luck with Buffalo is pretty much 50/50, both buying and selling. Selling: Sometimes I make a nice little wad of cash, other times I bring in two bags of seasonally-appropriate clothes and they buy one thing. I had better luck selling things at the Buffalo in Albuquerque, for some reason. Both college locations... maybe I just had better taste in Albuquerque. ;) Buying: There've been a number of times where I've spent over an hour here trying on tons of clothes and -none- of it fits me (at least, not ...decently). Other times, I have a particular thing in mind and find it immediately. For example: "I'd really like a pair of super-worn-in 14-eyelet Doc Marten boots in size 8.5. Oh, look... here they are!"Yeah, some things are overpriced, but it's cheaper than what you'd pay for it originally and the selection is (generally) cleaner and a little more stylish than what you'd get at a thrift store.
1	This place has been around for as long as I can remember and it has always sucked. Earlier today, I had a conversation with one of my best friends about Buffalo Exchange and he went off on a stand-up comedy rant about it that had me and my girlfriend rolling on the floor as we listened on speakerphone. He was saying things like "Buffalo Exchange? What's the 'exchange' part? I exchange an hour of my time for Elvira's dirty looks at my clothes?" I made him start a Yelp account just so he could review this place. I really hope he does - and other places as well. Anyway, I don't want to tread his material, so I'll keep this short...There's something demoralizing about bringing your clothes in to Buffalo Exchange. They rarely take anything citing that it's not in style or season or whatever, and then you look around and the only stuff they have is more out of style than the shit you're trying to sell them. Then you look at the person criticizing your clothes and it's some fashion disaster from the mid-90s. When they do take your 130 dollar jeans, they only give you like 4 bucks. They are complete assholes.I've been to other locations - same story... with one exception - Long Beach. The Long Beach location rocks... well, haven't tried selling - but typically have a great selection to buy. Just stay away from Tempe Buffalo Exchange - the sooner that place gets torn down and turned into modern urban condos the better... I would like to see Siouxie Sue get a real job somewhere - I can just see her at starbucks looking down her nose at her customers for ordering the wrong coffee.
4	This is your typical Buffalo Exchange. I've been to others in San Francisco and San Diego, and they're all pretty much the same. Yes, they're super picky brand name whores about what they buy from you, but it means that there are some really great items for a much smaller price tag. I've gotten dresses that people always compliment and things that I've bought on impluse because I thought it was a great buy, and wore once. The building this one is located in leaves a lot to be desired, but  there are good buys inside. I walked away with a great pair of skinny jeans, a cute top, and a super comfy dress for under $50 =).
1	They have turned into social snobs.  My kids have been asked  (told) I do not want them to give this place any more money.  Unbelievable!!
2	Buying pants from here is less reliable than Goodwill.  Sure, the pants are a hell of a lot more attractive at Buffalo Exchange, but I bought a pair of slacks and a pair of golf pants... both of which tore in the crotch.  My slacks lasted about a month but my golf pants lasted all of a day.  One day.  It's unacceptable to charge what they do and then sit down, here a rip and realize you've just gotten yourself a pants-pussy.  Pants-pussies are embarrassing.  You can't safety pin it shut, because it's awful close to the testicular region.  Dude, it's not like I'm performing acrobatics so why all this tearing?  I bought a pair of shoes and they lasted me about a week.  Seriously.  I got out of my car and realized that the foot I used for the clutch, where my foot dipped in, the leather cracked and split.  The other shoe followed days later with the same cracking and splitting.  Some of the cashiers are really nice, genuinely awesome.  The others are rude as shit.  One time I saw a chick square dance while she was in line in front of me.  Like... square dancing.  Thumbs in the belt loops and all.  I felt like I was either a) on a hidden camera show or, b) in a Fellini film.Buffalo Exchange could be a lot better if the clothes were in better condition, they threw out like half of all the bro shit that they have there and lowered the prices dramatically.
3	I like Buffalo Exchange, but you have to look at this place like this:- It's not a thrift store.- I don't ever try to sell/trade anything. There's no point. The buyers are very inconsistent and it's completely subjective and left to their personal taste. But that's the way it usually is, anyway. - You do have to devote some time to the racks. But you can find things here if you try. "So you're not going to take these jeans because after an hour of scrutiny over this one tiny run in the fabric they're just not of good enough quality? Yet this leather jacket with the pen-stabbing HOLE in the front is $30? ...How about half off?""25%""30%""Deal."Yes, I haggle on almost everything. If you're going to pass on my slightly damaged items, then I am paying less than what's marked for your slightly damaged items already on the rack. So if you treat it like a Guatemalan linen bazaar like I do, you can save some money.
4	So many haters of buffalo exchange. I enjoy shopping here. Yes sometimes I will go three or four times and come up completely empty handed but when I find a quality shirt or pair of jeans it is all worth it. I especially love when I bring in the crap I wore like ten years ago praying they will accept something, but they never do. Its the look on the face of the clerk and the disdain I feel when they judge me for what I wore in 1998 that makes me feel alive.
2	I used to be an avid shopper/seller at Buffalo Exchange. As I work at a boutique, it was nice that I could bring in brand-name merchandise and get cash for it when I needed it. The majority of the staff knew me and were always very friendly. I don't know if it's new managment or new policies but things have definitely changed around there. After yesterday's experience, I will definitely be taking my clothing somewhere else. First of all, the service took way too long. Secondly, the "buyer trainee" was unsure on about every single item I had brought in and priced a couple like-new $120-130 tshirts at about $20. The attitude of the staff is quite off-putting and it kind of makes it seem like it's such a task. However, they red-haired girl who was working by the fitting rooms was very friendly & helpful. I don't mean to sound like a hater, but as I was quite a loyal customer it was  quite a disappointment, especially in this economic crisis where customer service has never been more important than for those who work in retail.
1	After a long and tumultuous affair with Buffalo Exchange (first visit, circa 1993), I've had it with them. I brought a bunch of OK stuff (neatly folded, clean, and wrinkle-free) in a laundry basket as well as a couple of worn but still very desirable and in fashion Tory Burch shoes. As soon as I saw the overweight rockabilly chick doing the buying, I knew I was screwed. Those girls, with the dyed black hair, Bettie bangs, red lipstick, and loss of sense of time, are universally angry and aggro.Rockabilly went through all my shit and proceeded to wad it up into crumpled balls after she pissed on it as being too uncool or from the wrong store or whatever. She put her powdered nose waaay up in the air over the Tory Burch's, sniffing that they had soooo many already for sale. OK, I didn't see a single pair, but I did see all kinds of nasty Target and Old Navy items that would have probably been more appropriate for a Maryvale garage sale. I didn't even find a single thing that maybe I would consider trying on. Garbage.So I go to the counter to get my ID back and collect my cash and I am so pissed that all the rejected stuff was now wrinkled all to hell. They gave me something like $80 for the stuff they deigned to take and they had to write me a check. Really? You don't have $80 in cash in the register? The giggling dingbat behind the counter said she had to find the manager to sign said check. While she's gone, I'm steaming and am ready to ask to speak to said manager about the shoddy way the rejects were tossed back into the laundry basket........but the manager turned out to be Rockabilly.Sigh.So instead, pointing to the basket, I suggested to the Giggler that, should they ever have, like, a staff meeting, maybe they should discuss taking the extra three seconds to fold someone's things to resemble their original condition. She giggled and handed my check over and acted as if I hadn't said a word.Unbelievable.I don't care how young you are, how punk rock you think you are, or how badass you think you are. You treat your customers like CUSTOMERS.Bye-bye, Buffalo... it's been a long and painful road.
5	This location of Buffalo Exchange is amazing. I usually start by satisfying my denim addiction and peruse through the jeans. They have all the top designer brands (True Religion, Rock & Republic, William Rast, Seven) found for over two hundred dollars at Nordstom. After I finish it's straight to the fitting rooms because there's no way I could carry around 40 pounds of jeans very long. Sometimes the staff will ask if you'd like to start a little collection back there while you look.. tricky little buggers. The prices are great and the condition of the clothing is always pretty good to excellent. I can't think of any times I didn't get a friendly hello on my way in the door. I've had quite the good luck in selling items to this location also, which is great considering I go in expecting them to not take anything.
4	Secondhand, consignment, or speciality clothing boutiques are nothing new, yet Buffalo Exchange manages to carve a niche that is uniquely distinct. The challenge with some secondhand clothing establishments is their lack of quality control. Some other stores will accept just about anything that they receive, regardless of condition and style, while others will only accept the very best and justify charging a premium. Buffalo Exchange is different in that they have standards on what they will accept, yet they remain an excellent bargain.I used to shop at all the mall establishments, spending $50 for a basic shirt that really cost all of $5 to manufacture. Dropping $500 might only net me a few shirts and a few pairs of pants, at best. Buying clothing is like buying a new car - you get to be the first to wear it, but in the end there is nothing wrong with buying used, as long as the previous owner took care of the item. For less than $100 at Buffalo Exchange, I can buy 5 new complete outfits. Because there is such a wide variety of styles, what would have taken multiple trips to multiple stores can be accomplished with one visit.Importantly, I am recycling a commodity and putting money back into the local economy, rather than directly supporting a business built using poor or child labor conditions in a sweatshop abroad. Whenever I'm finished with old clothes, they go back to Buffalo to be used by someone else.
3	I am an avid Crossroads shopper back home in California so I decided to see how this place compared. It is definitely bigger than Crossroads. They also have a lot more clothes to choose from. HOWEVER, the amount of designer pieces is extremely minimal. I was lucky to find a pair of True Religion jeans that fit me. The prices are also a bit higher. They had a couple designer purses behind the counter but I had no idea what they were since they didn't have signs or anything. The employees were friendly and they will start a dressing room for you so you don't have to lug everything all around. In the end though the condition and price for most of the clothing wasn't appealing to me.
3	I moved to the Phoenix area in June, so I'm still pretty new, but I've made four trips to this Buffalo location since I've been here.  I was an employee at the Denver store years ago when I was in school, so I know a decent bit about what the store looks for and how it should operate.  I have read most all the posted reviews of this location, and can see where some of the complaints come from... but there are always going to be people who are just mad that their clothes don't get bought.  This location does seem to be hit or miss as described, though... and really, more miss than hit.  It's not that the staff isn't helpful.  Everyone has always been quick to help and to offer to start rooms, etc. I think it might have more to do with it being so college-saturated that the merchandise demographic doesn't vary as greatly as it does in other stores.  I just haven't had as good of luck shopping in this store as I have in any other that I've been to.  Don't get me wrong, I've found one fantastic pair of Paige Premium Denim on a deal, a great leather skirt on discount, some decent tees, and a beautiful silk Anna Sui dress, but I was prepared to do much more serious damage to my wallet than I did on every occasion that I was in the store. Hopefully I find better stuff next time I'm in... I'll definitely keep trying.
4	It was great coming to this store. It has a large selection of trendy clothes.  I will come back again.
2	Can i just say, i hate everything about this store. If youre too lazy to go to goodwill and dig it out yourself for a third of the price, then i guess this is the place for you.  If you are trying to sell anything, good luck.  Their askew sense of fashion will make most of your goods obsolete unless its tacky 80's regurgitation.  The chick actually told me that the band t-shirts i was trying to pawn were too outdated while i had a bay city rollers  and rockos modern life shirt in my hand off their rack.They are incredibly overpriced, the staff has an elitist air for some reason (which you think would be hard to pull off in a tutu, leggings, and cowboy boots).Saving grace, they have some killer old punk and skateboarding t-shirts on the cheap for guys and gals. But the only time i even go here is when the boyfriend decides to go thru eastside records vinyl catalog in its entirity. its like a plato's closet for lady gaga.
4	Buffalo exchange is interesting; it's a better quality thrift store. It's definitely not somewhere where you can do quick clothes shopping or even back to school shopping for your kids. But, if you like being a treasure hunter there are really good finds. There were a few things there that I wanted but they didn't fit which was unfortunate since there were only one. The staff was extremely friendly especially one girl who's name I forgot, she even asked my name which was a really nice personal touch. There was one point where i though i was going to have to fight with a girl over a half off necklace with cool little brass keys and polished coral....but my back the f***k off look worked just fine.
5	BEST SECOND HAND STORE EVER!! i love this place because they have all different kind of one of a kind original things. i can always find something when i go! i love the vintage section! they don't collect just anything that people bring in, they only collect the good stuff...thank goodness!
2	Trading in my clothes at Buffalo Exchange was one of the most humiliating and dehumanizing experiences I have ever had, no really.I have a bunch of cool stuff, in good enough condition for a used clothing store, that I wanted to trade in for some new-to-me jeans for school. I prefer to recycle. I waited an hour for my turn. The people behind the counter were snooty. They looked at me, and my stuff, like we were disgusting. It was embarrassing! The guy that "helped" me, asked the girl next to him about every item he thought he might buy. After going through the three bags of cool stuff I brought in, he was going to buy two brand new pairs of shoes that I never wore, and a couple of items of clothing. A girl came up to take over his shift?? and she did not accept anything of mine that he was going to, except for the two brand new pairs shoes. I was mad. After they gave me 22 bucks trade I looked though what they had on the racks, and my stuff was in way better condition, AND way cooler. The only reason they get two stars is because I did find a rocking pair of Lucky Jeans that only ended up costing me 7 bucks.
4	Found the best scarf of my LIFE here! Which I've since lost, but everytime I'm in Phoenix or Wherever there's a Buffalo Exchange I like to stop in just for fun!
4	My closet consist of all black on one side and the other half consist of every color you could ever imagine. I have have four bins of shoes and the rest of of my clothes rest in a large moving box. I stuffed my car and drove to good ol' Tempe and was surprised how large this B.E. was; it made San Diego's look like a overstuffed bodega There was so much space to shop without rubbing unwanted elbows. To top it off TVOTR Wolf Like Me was playing so I got to bop my head as I waited. Thank goodness I had a manager check out my threads she took about half my clothes and all of my A.A. tops and Levis *Cha-ching* None of my shoes mostly platform summer wedges (which is understandable) She also made small convo with me and wrote a list of bars I might be interested in. I don't want to come off as judgmental but only one sales associate had a style I admire. The others had a mediocre look; but my buyer knew what was in demand as I watched her assist a buyer-trainee. I must say the lady had a good eye. After I got my total I decided not to shop; but as soon as I sort out my closet and keep my essential treads. I would definitely return and see if I can grab some jeans or some rare shoes. Not to mention the store has some nice eye candy roaming through their racks.
4	Buffalo Exchange is a nicer thrift/consignment store. I've been to some other thrift stores in Arizona and a lot of them are unbearable. Since Buffalo Exchange is a chain of stores and I've been to a couple in southern California, I like that I knew what to expect.I've been there a handful of times and have always been pleased with my purchase and the staff working there, although I've never attempted selling my own clothes. They also have a lot to choose from which I love.If you're a beginning thrift shopper or simply don't like spending too much time in the other disgusting thrift stores of Arizona, then I recommend Buffalo Exchange.
1	Staff was friendly and it was busy, but they were definitely limited in their selection. I have never been to a Buffalo Exchange with such a little selection and what there was available was just meh, I've seen better. The clothes to pick from were very generic, there was nothing that screamed out to me high quality! or wow, what a cute outfit. I don't think I will be returning anytime soon, I was very disappointed.
5	This is my preferred place to sell my clothes, the staff is always friendly, they always give me good prices on my clothes, and they usually have some good stuff to trade for.They also make it easy to donate the items they won't buy, and they tell you if they would buy your items during a different season so you know what to bring back...all good stuff!
4	I have taken clothes in to sell to them about twice. I don't think I've had them accept any of my clothes (hmpf!). I guess I dress like Grover.With that said, I love shopping here. If you are patient and like ruffling through numerous racks and trying on random clothes for a few hours, this is your place. You can score some really cool clothes for cheap if you stick to it.I also like that they offer tokens-for-bags (or whatever it is called). You can have your clothes put in a plastic bag or just carry your clothes out in your hands. If you chose the latter, they will give you a "donation token" to put in a little bin. Your token will go towards some sort of charity. Super cool if you ask me - and I'm far from an eco-hippy.
3	I'm outgrowing this loved shop and been buying less clothes here over the recent years, though jeans are killer finds always (and often hemmed up for stubby girls like me).  This location is great b/c it's near Sky Harbor airport via Loop 202's Priest entrance, so I browse here until someone's get-me-off-this-plane phone call comes in.
3	I've never sold anything here, so I can't comment on the selling process. Decent selection overall and some great prices on items (and lots of 50% off items sprinkled throughout). The selection does reflect the store's proximity to ASU, so there are lots of items like logo t-shirts and booty shorts (a surprising amount of those, actually). The buyers here also seem to be pretty brand-focused--I saw a few things that looked like they were only bought because they had an American Apparel tag. However, there's an AWESOME jewelry selection here--some really unique pieces. Store's clean, well-lit, and organized (which can't be said for a lot of thrift/consignment stores).
1	All I can say is, um no thank you...this place is completely awful. And, I have not, nor will I EVER attempt to sell anything here.  I remember being a huge BE fan when it first opened in the SF Bay Area in about 1990.  I was a starving community college student and would be ecstatic at the overstuffed bag of  cute, stylish clothes that I could purchase for less than $30 bucks.  How times have changed.  I can't believe they are actually selling used crap like this for $15-25 a piece, and previously worn shoes generally turn me off unless they're in excellent shape with an equally awesome price.  But, $26.50 for some nasty old Target clod hopppers, WTH???  This place makes My Sister's Closet look like Neiman Marcus!!!
3	I take my clothes here to sell at least once every season. It takes quite awhile...even if there are only one or two people in front of you. The atmosphere is fun and if you have the time to go through the racks you can usually find some cool stuff. This is definitely one of the better second hand clothing shops...although there is a ton of stuff everything is very well spaced out and they only take things in immaculate condition.
2	Look here Buffalo Exchange:You only accept ugly clothes. I have had so many friends bring their clothes here and they reject every single piece. Every once in a great while they'll find a "treasure" in all of our clothing that apparently isn't unique enough to become Buffalo material. Why will you not accept cute clothes from Forever 21, yet you will sell Volcom Stone and Billabong? Another problem that I have... you would THINK that a clothing exchange store would sell their clothing for much cheaper, however, you're robbing the poor hipsters who shop here blind. Thanks, but if I wanted to pay an arm and a leg for clothing that someone else has already "broken in", It better have been by someone famous that I give two hoots about.The only reason why I give you even two stars is because I do love your jewelry selection.Okay, end of my complaint.
5	My boyfriend and I are in the process of moving so I cleaned out my closet.. My routine is to clean my closet out, sort out it all out, denim with denim...cotton with cotton..etc...I  fold it nicely in bags so it looks a little more presentable..instead of throwing my crap in bags as I see most people do... I have never ever in my entire time of going to Buffalo had a bad experience.I always leave averaging $80-$150.Today was my first time at the Tempe location and I wasn't sure how it was going to be, since I had read these awful reviews... ISo I'm guessing..it's the bitter people who are upset that they didn't take their ugly clothes.They only denied me 3/4 items and took the rest. Therefore, I had an awesome experienceDenise was the girl who helped me, she was awesome..starting off with conversation, interested in my day/weekend...Seriously, the nicest person I've ever met at Buffalo..So I'm defintely going to be returning to this location. It's also much closer to me.OH, and btw...they took my forever 21 jeans,denim shorts,dresses...wet seal tops, pac sun t's, tilly's t's, buckle jeans, ae jeans, betseyville bags,guess bags...etc..
4	Okay, as other people have mentioned, it's not a great place to SELL clothes, but it is awesome if you are in the market for buying some high end used goods. You can find pretty much any high end brand here that is slightly used. Over the years I have seen a bit less high quality items and the prices have gone up a bit but I still love going here because there is always a gem or two to find. If you want high end jeans for a great price or an awesome new shirt, check it out.
4	This is my first stop when I need to buy some new jeans or want a cute outfit to go out in... I never know what I'm going to come across on the racks. I always find myself entering the dressing room with more than the allowed amount of items.I'm a bargain hunter and a vintage clothing lover, so naturally, I enjoy shopping at used clothing stores. Buffalo is way better than a thrift store though (for buyers). They only accept items from sellers that are in good condition and in style.That being said, it's not a great place to sell your clothes. I've taken in two trash bags full of nice, gently-worn name-brand clothing only to have a few items taken.The prices vary. Usually, I can find some amazing deals. I got this awesome black military-style vest for $8 the other day that was a super-steal. Other times, I'm like.... "I'm not paying $20 for that used t-shirt."I was also looking for a cute jean vest FOREVER... and finally realized the mannequin in the window was wearing one that was exactly the style I wanted. They took it off her and sold it to me right there for $10.Some of my other favorite finds were a vintage jean jacket for $12, leather mini skirt for $14, skinny black jeans that fit perfect for $15, and wooden lion-shaped earrings for $4.
4	It's Kristen. I am surprised by many of the negative reviews and am assuming that most of them are from people who are resentful that they didn't buy their clothes. Now don't misunderstand me here - I, too, become frustrated when I walk in with a box full of clothes and walk out with the same box full of clothes, and then see super ugly clothes hanging on display. But it still remains that, if you put some time and energy into your shopping here, some of the clothes you walk away with are awesome and unique. I have one polka dotted dress I bought from here a a couple months ago, and every time I wear it out, I am stopped several times and asked where I got it. Last time, I heard girls whispering about it - confidence booster for sure. Just because the clothing isn't Goodwill cheap, doesn't mean that it's not a good deal. I never feel like I pay too much for the clothing I pick out. Overall, fun experiences at Buffalo Exchange. PS. Don't be lame and buy the TOMS here... totally defeats the purpose.
1	Apparently, I'm BANNED from this Buffalo Exchange. How does one get banned from a Buffalo Exchange?Did I punch one of the snotty hipsters for not thinking my $200 article of clothing is worth $6? Did I toss over a rack of musty knock off handbags in a fit of rage? Did I curse out a bored looking guy with flippy hair and an ironic mustache?Nope, I wasn't even in the store.I accidentally sold a pair of pants that my boyfriend didn't want sold. He called immediately (within 20 minutes of me leaving the store) and said that he'd be in the next day to pick them up. He had the receipt, and the assistant manager said that would be okay. Well, upon him arriving at the store to complete this previously agreed upon transaction, the same manager decided this wasn't okay and said that he had to buy the pants at retail price. While I'm leaving out some of the mind boggling back and forth that went on, I'll sum it up as the level of poor customer service and rude behavior displayed by the "management" of the store was shocking. While my boyfriend never raised his voice, lost his cool or got flustered, the manager decided because he made her stand by what she had originally agreed on, he was "NEVER ALLOWED BACK IN THIS STORE AGAIN" "OR YOUR GIRLFRIEND EITHER!!!!"So there you have it. Banned from Buffalo Exchange. Funny, I haven't lost any sleep over it.
2	A place for ultra-cool hipsters.. might as well sell PBR.Sadly some people don't know what clothing should be bought or sold for, so this place seems like a great find. .
3	A year ago, I may have given this place 4 stars, but it has been a long time since I have walked away feeling like 1) I saved a lot of money and 2) I found great clothing. However, the handful of items I have found over the past couple years are some of my favorite articles of clothing I have ever owned. The good finds are really good, but the good finds are also few and far between. In my opinion, the prices are a little high for a second hand shop. Also, be warned that they are extremely selective on what they buy. I consider myself to be fairly fashionable, but they rarely take my stuff... I just may not be hipster or ironic enough. Such is life.
4	One of my favorite places to go shopping. A lot cheaper than the mall, better quality clothes, and everything you get is original and unique. I don't have to worry about someone else ever wearing the same thing as me! It always an exciting and interesting trip, and my friends are always jealous of the great finds I come home with.
3	I like to shop here. I always end up spending twice as long as I had planned in this store. Too many things to look at and I'm easy distracted. They don't usually buy much of my clothing when I try to sell back. I know they are looking for a specific look, but that's not usually why people sell their clothes- it's to get rid of them. So it would be nice if they had more of an open mind and more of a thrifty mentality. But hey- the reason I go there is for cool items so I can see both sides. I will return. They also give out a charity token for not using a plastic bag. Cool.
4	YAY! That perfectly describes how I felt when I went to Buffalo Exchange. I'd never really shopped resale stores before and I have no idea why I picked a work trip to start but Buffalo Exchange got me addicted. I got a pair of designer shoes, got to try on some clothes (and buy them) that I normally would never have found and it was all so inexpensive!I really liked this place, liked the staff, liked how it was all laid out (even though the racks can be difficult to sort through) and I just wish I could live near one of these so I could go back again.
4	I like Buffalo. They always buy my stuff, and I like looking around at what they have.  I think the reason a lot of people don't like this place is because they try to sell ugly nasty shit that no one wants to wear. It's a recession, so, you're not going to get top dollar for your J Crew tee shirts that you bought 4 years ago that have pit stains and are hideous. Duh.
4	I almost always find something good here.  Today a yoga type wrap top to wear over leggings to pilates, last time a BCBG maxi dress.  Not nearly as high end as My Sister's Closet but definitely on my paper route.
4	Part of why I like Buffalo is the staff, and good selection.  Sometimes it's overpriced, but I think part of that is paying for the location, so I don't mind.  I can't remember her name, but one sales assistant always has over the top outfits on, she's thin but curvy like me, and a cancer, she remembered me from a two year hiatus, and has helped me many times try new and different looks that drastically added key items to my wardrobe.  The people there are really great.  Nice accessories and jewlery, GREAT shoes/purses, and UBER current trends in the clothing.  They have sales to track, and they encourage the community by donations which is great.
4	AS A SELLER: Its a great place to take the crap you no longer want and know that it will "change the world" but really the place is legit helps local schools, and saves the planet one item at a time. But be aware they are picky on the clothing they want like new trendy items and  funky vintage. AS A BUYER: If you don't want to spend a shit ton or wear what everyone at the mall is wearing but still be Hip Buffalo is where its at! If you are lucky, some of the items still have tags on them!! Not everything is golden ( so shit is like ew. wtf) but most things are not that bad... You just need to hunt for the gold.
5	Probably the best 2nd hand store in the valley aside from My Sisters Closet. Regardless if you are looking for a Halloween costume accessory or just a cheap winter jacket that you surely won't want to pay full price for, this is a great place.  I bought my sons $140 wardrobe for Christmas here. (he picked it out if course).  It was all very clean and even some things were new.
5	[My experience as a seller]They bought a few of my designer dresses-- that I originally bought dirt-- paid  me almost 3x as much I bought them for!! (HOLLA).Sold some jeans too- didn't get as much as I would have liked.Overall great experience!
4	Not sure what to do with those clothes that are still in style or want to get a nice designer shirt that's only been worn once for 95% off? Some tips, they use their magic tag code reading skills to determine how current an article of clothing is, how sellable it is, if it's vintage is it still trendy or will a hipster buy it? etc... just like if you were selling a used car, you want to make sure the items are clean (duh), pressed, or dry cleaned prior to selling so they look more desirable. Each buyer is a little different, so if you think something of yours is good, but one buyer didn't buy it from you, try again later with someone else. If you go on a weekend to sell, try not to get there right at open because everyone else has the same idea when selling their stuff. Be prepared to wait. They won't buy Jeans with rips usually, even if they are designed that way (not sure why since isn't that the current style?).  I love taking store credit or if you want take the cash! I have seen some GREAT bargains - a Tory Burch embroidered tunic for $15, designer leather purse with awesome hardware, $30 etc.. It's hit or miss if you are shopping, but half the fun's in the hunt!
4	The great thing about this location is the fact that it's near ASU, so a lot of stylish things come through here. The bad part is, everything is slightly more expensive than the one on Missouri and 7th St. I frequent both locations very often and I always get way better bargains at the one in Central Phx. This one does have a better and bigger clothing selection, but the one in Phoenix has a better shoe selection in my opinion. It's good to go to both often really.My favorite thing about this spot? The sexy, sexy man who works the counter with the bull-ring piercing. I had a difficult time not staring. Whoa! I'm just saying.
3	I Find some great shoes here. This lizard loves him some shoes. lots and lots and lost of hipster types. This is good in that you can get cool one of a kind stuff because these types trade here often. It's bad because you have to deal with all them manic pixie dream girls. I've already seen that movie and it ends badly.
4	This place has been here at this location since I was in College. Let me tell you that was a long time ago.  Sometimes it smells like it too. But, lately it has been much nicer. They have really cleaned it up. Painted it and made it quite nice inside.Things are spread out more and you can actually see things.I came in here with a friend to look for Halloween outfits. I am amazed with all the great items they have in here. All things you could imagine. Nice outfits as well. Very professional costumes. Not junk!  If you were wondering what to be for Halloween, you could really get some good Ideas here.The staff is very laid back and friendly.Parking can really be an issuse here though. So you are best to come early in the day if you can.
3	I came here to sell some vintage items.  I didn't see very many vintage items in the store nor did they buy much from me.  However, they have a good selection of clothing.  It's not anything you would find at Goodwill or Plato's closet.  The clothing is unique and in very good shape. I found myself wanting every piece I picked up. However, everything seemed a bit overpriced. I noticed shirts were about $15+ and dresses $25+.  The store definitely has a young college vibe.
2	This place is very hit and miss.  Selling can be a nightmare.   If you're selling be prepared to WAIT for a long time and don't expect them to take much of your stuff.   I tried selling an expensive purse, beautiful expensive designer jeans, Dr Martens, Chuck Taylor Cons and they wouldn't take anything; and what they do take they won't give you much.   Would that employee wear those items you're selling?  If not, then they likely won't take them.  Come back later to a different employee, you might get a different result.  I know they do have to be kind of picky about what they accept, but it's just ridiculous sometimes.   Buying, I have struck a pretty good deal a couple of times.   Though they sometimes do needlessly over price a lot of stuff.     I haven't been there in a while after a bad experience, but judging by the recent reviews maybe things have changed?
5	This is the biggest and most awesome BE I've ever seen!!! I'm from OC California and I've not seen as fantastic a selection as this place has. Prices are perfect and people are friendly. Thanks! I'm a satisfied customer.
3	One of the better locations. Usually has the best shoes and bag selection. However, as someone who work in the high-end fashion, couture business I have seen some obvious fake and knock off items. I have brought in some barely worn designer items and they have offered my less than a third of the selling price so I have found other resell retailers who will give me at least half of the original price for couture items. Overall, it's an okay business.
4	I love  going to this buffalo exchange and always find something great each time I go. However if you going during the weekend be prepared to face crowds of people inside and if you don't like the feeling of crowdiness it is best to go during the week days. Same for the other buffalo exchange on 7th st and Missouri.
1	I don't know what happened to this place!  It used to be a really cool, low key place to find funky, interesting, or possible name brand clothes and accesories at great low prices.  Well I went in last week and they are selling used "designer" jeans for the same price I could go and get them at the store that sells them!  $40 for Abercrombie jeans?!?!!!  Seriously?!!  Such a bummer.  I don't think I will be back for a while.
4	Big and filled with clothing and people. It was very busy on this day but I'm not sure how it is most days for I have only been here once before way back. Every employee I can count asked how we were and if we needed help as they passed by. Some even came over to us. So customer service was pretty good. Got lots of clothes to go through both guys and girls as opposed to the other location where it was mostly girls clothing. It seemed pretty clean to me too.
4	Went here looking for tank tops and place did not disappoint.  Found some really cool stuff for really cheap prices.  Definitely going here first whenever I need some new style.  Ladies that worked here were super friendly and helpful unlike most scene places this place has an awesome staff.
1	Last Friday, I brought four boxes and one bag of clothes into the Buffalo Exchange in Tempe, Arizona.  I have been selling with Buffalo Exchange for over 10 years and always had success.  Because I have been traveling for work frequently I had to drop off my stuff to sell and run other errands.  When it was my turn to sell I brought my 4 boxes and one bag up to the sales associate/buyer; Tawne.  I informed her that I was going to drop off my stuff for her to look through and would be back in 2-3 hours.  She said no problem, it would take her about 30 minutes to be done.  Two hours later I returned and walked to the cashier.  They paid me for what they bought and I went over to get my four boxes and bag that I had dropped of.  The problem was there were only three boxes.  I asked Tawne and the manager, Barbara, where the rest of my clothes were.  I asked if they had consolidate the goods into three boxes and Tawne said, "No."  She said all four boxes were there for me to pick up.  I didn't even ask about the bag...At this point there are only three boxes.  Tawne and Barbara went to go look around for the missing box.  This made no sense to me...where would the box go?  It doesn't have legs to get up and walk away.  After checking the back and several other places they realized my box has gone missing.  Barbara informed me that someone must have taken it home 'on accident'.  Again, this makes no sense.  All four of my boxes were matching small home depot boxes that were all together.  No one would take one on accident.She said if someone took it home she was sure they would bring it back by the end of the day.  I would not take someone's used clothes home on accident.  Even if I did, I would not return them.  I'd drop it off at the closest Goodwill and call it a day.  I asked why she didn't check what people picked up because all of the unsold goods were behind their desk.  She had no answer.So Barbara gave me a mother's day postcard (that was free to anyone that walked in) and said sorry for the issue.  This is completely unacceptable!No one at this store cared or had a clue what was going on.  This is very shady!  I always take my clothes to Buffalo Exchange to see what you can buy from me, then Plato's closet; where they continue to buy, and then to Goodwill so I can get a tax write off.   I honestly think one of the associates stole my clothes or you took them and are selling them without paying me for them.  Everything I own is higher end designer and in good condition!Barbara informed me that she could not do anything at this point.  My question is, why is she a store manager then?  She informed me that she would have the store director, Candice, call me first thing Tuesday to see what she could do.Tuesday came and at 3:30 PM I decided I would have to call her.  I spoke with Candice and she offered me $20 in store credit for this issue.  Are you kidding me?  I had a full box of slightly used designer clothes that went missing!  Plus, I have never shopped at Buffalo Exchange; I do not want store credit!  I want cash or my clothes back!She told me she would speak with the CEO and call me back no later than 4:30 PM that day.  Well 5:45 rolled around and she finally called me back.They are mailing me a $100 gift card for Buffalo Exchange.  This is such a joke and not OK!  I do not want store credit, I will never enter one of your stores again!  Something shady went on here and I would like to know what.  This is NOT OK for a business to be run like this!
1	I recently had a terrible experience trying to sell clothes here. I waited in the store for 20 minutes with my items (which were good brands like Splendid, Lush, Forever 21, etc.), and they ended up taking NONE of my items. Keep in mind that the store had just opened and there was no one in the store but me and two other customers. To wait twenty minutes just to be rudely and quickly rejected was humiliating. Also, I have no idea why it took 20 minutes. The young woman deciding which clothes to take kept leaving the counter for whatever reason. It seemed very unprofessional to me. She offered me a $5 off coupon for my troubles but that $5 is not worth 20 minutes of my time, especially when I have no intention of coming back here. I threw the coupon in the trash. Buffalo Exchange was not exciting a few years ago and it's certainly not worth anyone's time now. If you want to sell clothes, take them somewhere less picky like Plato's Closet or more classy like My Sister's Closet.
5	This store is awesome.  It is nice and bright and really well organized.   My friend and I had a couple of minutes to spear before we had to be somewhere.   I did not realize that the prices are amazing.  We were looking at the jewelry and I could have brought the whole rack because everything was a great price.  It was really fun looking through all of it.  The price range was between $3.00 and $15.00.  I ended up buying a really cute bracelet for $4.00.  The lady that helped us check out was so nice and quick.  When I was checking out the credit card system went down.  But the cashier Barbara was great, she makes a copy of my credit card and I signed the credit card slip in less than 2 minutes, it was great.  While if you are in Tempe and want to go shopping.  You should definitely go to Buffalo Exchange.
3	This place used to be amazing, maybe it is good for women's clothing, but for men it isn't what I was hoping..If you like Affliction and Ed Hardy, then this is your place. That's about all the luck I had in the men's department. There were a couple ok items but they were far and few. Overall the place still is fun to visit, just not the selection I was hoping for.
3	As much as I like the retail aspect of this store, I have a bone to pick with the clothing exchange portion. Whenever I go in to sell my clothes, I am always confused by their picking process. First, it's the faces. The faces that the employees make when looking through your clothes. Could you at least TRY not to look so disgusted at my clothing? Also, Why do you choose my target and forever 21 clothing over my designer and semi-designer clothing? The latter is in better condition anyway!  Always hate to do the walk of shame out of there with a bag of perfectly lovely clothes. Way to make a girl feel real un-cool.
2	I very rarely find anything here that I like. I respect the local business built from the ground up...just not what I am ever looking for in clothing. Also, the  employees can be pretty rude and dismissive, even as they demand that you stand there while they look through your stuff. I prefer to do other things with my time.
3	So, I went to Phoenix this weekend and obviously bookmarked this Buffalo Exchange first. As what I would like to think, I am a bad-a Buffalo extraordinaire. Here are my thoughts:1. Parking was great. Being so near to ASU I was weary of a possible parallel park in my rental car, but my nerves were calmed when I saw the lot with plenty of spaces.2. This is a larger Buffalo. The racks are spread out and there is plenty of space for more than one person to be sifting through a rack.  3. What was most frustrating to me was the lack of unique styles on the racks. Usually a Buffalo in a college town means great finds.4. Prices. Above average.5. I'll try the other location next time I'm in town.
5	Super cool clothing store! If you get lucky, you can find some very stylish jeans. Btw. Employee Tawnee set up an open mic extravaganza last time I was there. It'd be keen to see that happen again. Certainly bumped the review to a 5.
2	I'm not really a fan of Buffalo Exchange. While I was in Tempe this awesome girl told me about this place and told me I could get gently used cowboy boots here. I'm always down for buying gently used shoes and clothes so I made my grandma and mom drive through enemy territory to the buffalo exchange. I was looking forward to cheap clothes and cheap boots but I came here there were no boots being sold at all. I still looked through the shoes rack trying to find something that caught my eye but no luck. So I ended up looking through the clothes and I was actually shocked at the prices. This store did not have consignment store pricing. It was full price for used clothing. I wasn't really that happy with the selection of clothes either. Maybe it's because I'm used to shopping in Hawaii.I did finally go look at the accessories and I was a bit disappointed with the selection. The one purse I wanted to buy had a hole in it and was scratched. So I ended up looking in the jewelry. It was decently priced and alot of it was super cute. I ended up picking up a couple of necklaces and a pair of sunglasses that I LOVE!!!! My one beef that I had with this place is that they do not have bags to put your purchases in. They have made the decision that you do not get bags. You get a token that allows you to make a five cent donation to charity. I think it would be a cool concept but I couldn't find where to put my token which was a bit disappointing. This whole store was disappointing I guess.
1	I used to be a huge fan of Buffalo Exchange, so I came in today looking for jeans, skirts, dresses, shoes, accessories, just whatever.... I have always hated bringing my clothes here to sell or trade because the staff and the value given both suck (i'll come back to this), but the prices and selection to purchase stuff always impressed me. I also liked the option to choose a token for charity instead of a bag, but I don't know if they still do that because I didn't buy anything today. I started out looking at jeans, and the lowest price I found was $25. The average price was $32, and when I came across a pair for $42, I stopped looking. Next I went to look at boots, but they didn't have many in my size (womens 8). At this point, my girlfriend was ready to leave because she was disappointed at the high prices, too, so I didn't have a chance to look at anything else. As for selling stuff, the worst part is the staff. They make it quite the humiliating experience, to say the least. The looks on their faces are as if they are sifting through a pile of raw sewage brought before them by the disease-ridden underbelly of society. I'm not sure who led them to believe they are the all superior upper echelon of the fashion industry, but perhaps they should be enlightened to the actual reality which is their life. Bottom line, super disappointed all the way around. We went to Goodwill from here, where we both found tons of stuff and went home happy.
1	Complete waste of my time. Spent 30 minutes driving there for them to accept 2 things out of 50. I went through my closet trying to trade out items that I still currently wear, and out of all the things they took was a pair of skinny jeans and side purse. The way they configure which clothes are worth value is beyond me because the things they kept were my least favorite and not even new. I still had tags on a bunch of summer dresses I got within 3 months and they wouldn't even take those. They were all really cute tank top dresses! Never going there again! If I'd recommend any place for trading in clothes, it'd be Plato's Closet.
5	Buffalo Tempe is the best. Awesome deals and great customer service. It's such an eclectic of style and taste I'm rarely disappointed when I shop here! The one in Phoenix is over run by unrealistic hipster clothing sometimes it gets annoying so I leave it up to the Tempe crew to save the day.
4	love this place , never enough time to look at every time awesome deal :) Highly recommend it !!
5	Some people bring in their clothes they no longer wear and get their feelings hurt when this place doesn't buy them.  Remember it is your junk, they are considering.  I don't sell my clothes here, I buy them because Buffalo Exchange knows what brands are trending and so I keep buying most of my clothes here.
3	It was ok. The items were well organized. Thought it was expensive in relation to what they were offering.  Purchased 4 items for $67.Not sure how close the clothes are looked over before BUFFALO purchases them. While trying on clothes, I discovered set-in stains on two pieces of clothes & one  item had an unrepairable rip. Use caution before purchasing.
5	I came in yesterday looking to buy jeans for work, and left with two shirts, two pairs of non work pants, two pairs of work jeans, a skirt, and shoes. The shoes were brand new doc martens (with tags and extra yellow laces) for $65! What a steal! I also brought in a fairly large amount of clothes, not expecting much since I haven't had luck selling here before, and made $45! They had interesting choice in what they took (I had about 10 pairs of designer jean shorts that they didn't touch, but they took my bow tie and large March Hare top hat from halloween?) But I can't complain about selling $45 worth of stuff!
4	Fairly pricey merchandise for being a thrift store, but still some cute items. Most things cost around $15, and I can spend that much at forever 21 and get something new! Also tried to sell some jeans there (brand new) but was told no because it's summer time. The staff was very polite about it, but was still disappointing.
5	I was pleasantly surprised at how friendly the staff is at this location!  It's pretty typical for Buffalo Exchange employees to be a bit rude and have a "can't be bothered" kind of attitude.  Not this place!  They were friendly, smiley and very helpful.  The buyers gave me reasons why they couldn't take my items and really consulted with each other.  They told me exactly what they were looking for and why.  In the end, I traded in one purse, my first item sold at a Buffalo Exchange ever!  The cashier that cashed me out was also very friendly and helpful and had even more advice for me.  I will definitely go back to this location to do some shopping in the future.
4	It's been a while since I have darkened the doors of Buffalo Exchange in Tempe, but now that I am back in the great hot state of AZ, I headed right over.The store is cleaner and more organized than I ever remember it being, so kudos for that BE. They are a tad overpriced...I mean, if I am going to spend $70 on a pair of jeans, I would rather go to The Rack and get them new, but BE does offer some one of a kind items and lots of fun vintage accessories and styles. And they seem to be better priced on shoes.I love to come in and browse...my latest find was a pair of BRAND NEW Vince Camuto heels for $30. I had been eyeing these at Macy's for a while but hesitant to pay the $120 price tag so it was quite the find for me at BE.
1	Disappointed is the word I would use for this store. I've been to another buffalo exchange, and I had a better experience there. Here, they have a large variety of weird clothes. Some clothes resemble the current fads, but mostly strange clothing. Everything was super expensive for clothes that looked more than "gently used". Shoe selection was lacking and so were the accessories/ purses.
1	I've sold to this location a handful of times and the girls there are always polite and friendly even when they're unable to take my merchandise.  But unfortunately this visit, the gentleman that looked through my items wouldn't let me see the clothes he took when I asked. He said "They're already tagged, sorry." He looked at me pretty condescending that I would even ask such a thing and seemed quite miserable to be working there. It gave me and my boyfriend a good laugh on the way out how rude and miserable he was lol. Disappointing experience!
4	Way better than Plato's Closet. Much bigger supply and more spacious than Plato's layout. Staff is great. Plato's wasn't even giving cash for clothes at the time so I called Buffalo Exchange and an employee cheerfully told me their store ALWAYS exchanges cash for clothes. Definitely the place to go if you're trying to sell.
