5	Cafe Du Jour is a delightful, unpretentious little deli restaurant seemingly set away from the craziness of East Carson Street. I went to lunch here with a few friends on a weekday, and it was totally empty. The menu is simple, mostly soups and sandwiches, but the herb-roasted pesto chicken sandwich I had was absolutely delicious (and only $6.50!) My friend gets the baked brie, apples and raspberry honey every time she comes here, and she graciously let me have some - it was quite tasty. I can't wait for the snow to melt, because the outdoor enclosed patio in the back looks sublime.
4	K, so this is review #4 for Du Jour. And I must say, very impressed.It was a snowy windy nasty day (actually, nothing out of the ordinary for late November! :)  And Cafe Du Jour, from the moment I saw its welcoming, stenciled storefront, and was then greeted by smiley hosts, I knew this was going to be a respite from the rawness of impending winter.Upon entry, however, I began to have my doubts--transfixed by the chalkboard of 'daily specials,' i was informed by one of the guys there that 'don't get yourself too attached to the specials board, because, that's like, last weeks' board, man.'--ha, in a strange way, i found this frankness strangely reassuring upon reconsideration....ok, i digress...now, the place has a great patio in the back, complete with heat lamps, wrought iron tables and chairs, enclosed in an intimate garden. yet, the ravages of winter were no match--it was closed (and who the hell would wanna eat out there in this weather anyway). clearly, it's a chill relaxing experience from april or may-sept-oct, i guess.This intimate and friendly cafe has great service, very friendly and attentive. the food is above average, the wild mushroom consomme soup was pretty decent, though a bit too salty and thymy (if that's a word).the baked brie/sliced apple with honey  and prosciutto with baguette was definitely more satisfying than the soup, as was the roasted tomato, goat cheese, basil, and red onion jam tart. rounded out with an excellent house side salad with feta, this was just the right formula for an excellent lunch.even the coffee (an improvised pseudo-iced mocha) was well done.too bad i live almost 2500 miles away, or this would be my monthly chill hang for a european siesta. and it's more than reasonable on price for what you get.oh, and don't forget, it's BYOB so pls bring VINO!!!!done. quatres etoiles yo!
5	Great Restaurant. My friend had his wedding reception in the garden area out back. The food is the bomb. It's a nice euro style cafe that has a chef that knows what he's good at and delivers. Small tables but never crowded and a polite staff. It's a shame there aren't more like this in the burgh. I've been there 3-4 times and it's always a pleasure. The owner/chef has everything under control and exudes confidence in what he has created. And he should the place rocks. My only complaint is it can get a little smokey if there busy. They should take some cash and invest in a better air vent for the cooking area. I hate smelling like I just left working in a kitchen. Make a reservation because it's not easy to get in on weekends. And bring cash. No Credit.
4	Love this little place. I adore the lunch that they serve there. good salads and sandwiches. soups are basic but very good for such a small place. outside patio is very cute. although i did not enjoy my dinner experiences there. i always do come back for lunch and the flat bread gouda and turkey and the poppyseed salad dressing. pretty good place in pittsburgh.
5	This place is the best for Saturday lunch and private dinners.  The food is so fresh and made with such love.  The kitchen is part of the dining room, so you can smell all of the delicious food cooking.  You can also bring your own wine, which makes it a bargain.
5	Classy and Classic without any arrogance.Just eat here. Bring a good bottle of wine, and sit out on their amazing little quirky patio.Love the owners and staff; good people doing honest business, they deserve your money.
5	Quaint little bistro.  Food is fantastic, very fresh ingredients..service is also good.  Love the byob, helps to save on the bill.  Have been for lunch and dinner.  Both have been equally great!
4	Had what I wanted to be a quick lunch here today but because it was a full house and there was only one poor server taking care of about ten tables...it wasn't exactly speedy.  Oh well.  I could have stayed out there in the garden all day had it not been for my fair skin being burned by the gorgeous sun.  What a delightful patio...I even saw some turtles in the little decorative fountain!  So cute and quaint.I could tell just by one whiff upon entering the building that the food would be amazing and it was.  I had the spinach dip to start which was truly the best I've ever had.  I wish I could have eaten all of it!  But even the small order was a hearty portion.  I also had the sun-dried tomato &    mozzarella sandwich with genovese salami and it too was fabulous.  The only thing that could have made my meal any better was a glass of wine...but unfortunately I forgot it was BYOB.  Overall....incredible food, delightful atmosphere and super affordable.  I'll definitely be back for dinner with a bottle of wine!
5	I went here for a nice evening and was blown away.  We were sat next to a small pond with two turtles we fed fish to all night. The food was moderately priced but extremely delicious and very fresh. The waitstaff was lovely and helpful. I could have stayed all night and will definitely be back!
5	Excellent restaurant! I came here for dinner with a group of 10 and we were seated on the back patio.  I had the pork chop, which was tender, juicy, and delicious. We brought bottles of wine to share. Great, small, quiet place on the South Side!
5	Excellent food, excellent setting, attentive staff, BYOB.  Got here late but they were still serving and were very attentive.  The menu seemed local and seasonal, so I will be curious to see what they have when I go back.  I should have reviewed it right after I went, but I didn't and now I forget the details.  I got some type of rolled stuffed chicken on a puree of cauliflower and some other sauce..it kicked ass.  The soups are amazing as well.I'll be back and review it again, but, needless to say, I'm a big fan...places like this seem rare in Pittsburgh; I felt like I was in Europe again.
5	I returned to Cafe Du Jour for dinner last night after a great lunch last Friday and even though it's hard to believe, it got even better.We started with a spinach and asiago dip that came with piping hot bread.  The bread wasn't spectacular but it served its purpose of being a vessel of transferring the creamy cheesy dip to our mouths.  Words cannot describe the feeling of bliss I experienced after my first bite.  It's easily the best appetizer I've had in months.I also tried their soup du jour, which was a hearty tomato base soup with vegetables and white beans topped with just a small kiss of cheese.  The cheese melted fantastically into the soup and each creamy spoonful of love filled my body with a feeling of fulfillment.For entrees I ordered their pan-seared scallops which came with a couscous.  I've realized whenever I order an entree where scallops are the main player, they always come out underwhelming in quantity.  My dish came with four beautiful seared sea scallops and a small mound of couscous in the middle.  The scallops were delicious, but if I hadn't had an appetizer and soup beforehand, my stomach would have been left unsatisfied.  One incredible dish I will order next time is their Chevre stuffed roast chicken, which comes with a cauliflower puree.  The waiter recommended it and noted that the description of the dish on the menu doesn't do it justice.Tips/Hints:1. Sit in the backyard patio.  It is beautiful and quiet and definitely a good date spot.2. It is BYOB, so take advantage of it.3. Cash only!  So make sure you hit the ATM beforehand.4. You can order off the lunch menu if you want their sandwiches for dinner.5. Go in a smaller party.  I'd say no more than 4.  It's a small place and the kitchen isn't that big.5. You can and should call ahead for reservations.  They'll know to expect you.  (I've never had to wait, but it's better to be safe right?)6. You MUST order their Spinach and Asiago Dip.Cheers!
3	Twas on the south side to run errands at lunch yesterday and thought I would try this place out.3.5 stars.  A nice reprieve amidst crappy Pittsburgh fall weather, I chose the small table by itself in the back facing the patio.  Service was friendly although again there was only one for the whole place and she was quite busy.I had the sundried tomato mozz sandwich with genoa salami.  came with a lovely pasta salad on top of a crisp piece of romaine.  the sandwich itself was well assembled and tasty, but wasn't fully heated and the middle was lukewarm to cold.  given the texture of the sandwich this was a bit of a turnoff.  give me a cold or hot sandwich but not in between.  on second thought I should have just sent it back to be broiled longer but I was hungry and am fairly non-confrontational by nature.anyhow, at $7 it was a good deal.  I will definitely be back and hope to be able to re-rate at 4 or 5 stars.
3	I'm convinced that I probably did not have the proper experience at Cafe du Jour the time I went.  But given my experience at the time, this restaurant only deserves 3 stars. This restaurant is small, so make sure to call beforehand for reservations.  I went with a party of 6 people which seemed like a crowd for the size of the restaurant.  The restaurant looks cute and quaint from the outside. We ordered the asiago spinach dip and the meatballs as appetizers. Both were very delicious.  I really enjoyed the fresh baked bread that compliments the dip, and the meatballs had an interesting asian kick to it.  For my entree I ordered the pan-seared scallops and I was kind of disappointed, because it was only okay and overpriced for its quantity. I don't know if I am appreciating it the right way or if French cuisine is supposed to be extremely heavy in flavor, but my scallops were definitely WAY too salty and the couscous in the middle was even worse. As proof: my friends who ordered the fish (I think it was the trout, but unfortunately I can't exactly remember) were complaining about how salty their dishes were. But then they tried my scallops and said that my dish was even worse! Also, take note that if you sit inside the restaurant gets kind of smokey, and you leave smelling like the kitchen, which is a minus. The service seemed kind of slow that day as well.  I saw this man from the other table flailing his arms at the waiters for their attention. And I didn't like how they only took cash, it was inconvenient.From reading all the other reviews I think I just might try it again sometime and maybe give it a better rating.  Perhaps I will go for lunch or sometime during the day, enjoy the patio and turtles in the back, and order the stuffed chicken pass on the scallops.
4	Great food here.  Not some place that you would wander into, but well worth going.  Nice patio out back when the weather is nice.  Bring your own bottle and enjoy!!
5	The bright and shiny spot of Pittsburgh dining. Wide range of inventive sandwiches, salads, light entrees and espresso. Cozy interior and a back patio reminiscent of the French Quarter. Friendly and intimate. We ordered: House salad with sprouted lentils - generous portion and the sprouted legumes made life a little less ordinary. Soup du jour of beef and vegetable served with herbed aioli - my companion couldn't believe how much the aioli enhanced the broth and there were big chunks of beef in the soup. Roast pork sandwich served on flatbread with apricot chutney, chili slaw, tomatoes and red onions - I really can't describe how good this sandwich was. It was sweet, it was spicy, it was perfect. I could eat another one right now. The meat was thin and perfectly cooked. I'm not a fan of macaroni salad, but the sandwich also came with an upscale version that had lentils and capers in it. Eat here. Get the pork sandwich. Use the bathroom (quaint and papered in twall - sorry boys, you'll have to ask a lady friend about that one...) And watch out for pidgin poop if sitting outside, but that's the price of a little fresh air, wee?
5	This place is adorable, with consistently very good food.  I've never had a bad meal here, unless you factor in terrible gnawing envy....I always desperately want to try everything on the menu that night.  It all looks and smells so good, and so unbelievably fresh.This is delicious food made from good ingredients and without pretensions.  It's just about the best you can get in Pittsburgh, and truly reflects the local culture and atmosphere.  On two occasions the owner served as the waiter for my table.  Definitely can't beat that for care and quality.My only two wishes for the place are this: one, that it were a tad larger (tough to get a seat some nights), and two, that there were better parking around.  It's impossible to find parking on the weekend.
5	In spirit, this place reminds me of many village bistros in France, having lived in Provence for two years.  The garden setting is a good example of this cafe's charm.  The cooking is original.  I loved the wild mushroom soup and my wife rated the pork sandwich as excellent.  Reasonable prices too.  Our bill was $36 for two starters, two luncheon entrees and iced tea.  Tip. No liquor license. So BYO.  This makes the place a truly excellent value.
4	4.5 star review.-.5 stars for service, decor, and cash only (boo)The inside lacks charm and it was far too hot for my bf and me to make use of their lovely garden out back. Also, our waitress was not the friendliest...a little reserved, but to her credit, still attentive.Now, with the bad stuff out of the way we can focus on the incredible food!We started with the potatoes with brie, mushrooms, and spinach. WOW. So rich and flavorful!I had the roasted turkey flatbread for my meal. The turkey could have had a bit more flavor but the bread was delicious as was the cranberry mayo inside. Yum!My bf got the salmon and raved about it.Such a great stop for lunch, filling and satisfying!
5	Highly suggested. If you enjoy dining out, this is certainly a place you have to check out, if you haven't done so already. Nice ambiance, excellent plate presentations, and of course, the food is very well done too. Good service as well.
5	I was pleasantly surprised! The food was excellent, service was good and the atmosphere was relaxing. The price was very reasonable as well. No negatives so far. I will definitely be back soon. I highly recommend this place!
5	absolutely love this place.  the food is excellent, the patio has a great ambience, and it's byob!  for appetizers, i'd recommend the lamb crepes, spinach and asigo dip, and glazed meatballs.  for entrees, i've had the strip steak with gorgonzola and the pork chop with baked polenta.  both were cooked to perfection and soooo yummy.  i've heard great things about trout and eggplant entrees as well.  another bonus -- one time i was there, they brought out complimentary appetizers that they were thinking about adding to the menu (they change/add things to their menu every so often)...which were also amazing!!definitely recommend reservations, as the place is small.
5	This is the cutest, quaintest restaurant in Pittsburgh! A must for a romantic evening. It's incredibly small so you will always need a reservation. In the summer they have a beautiful outdoor seating area that's filled with greenery and a fountain. Along with the great atmosphere comes great food! They change their menu often but have a variety of French inspired dishes to choose from. The eggplant is fabulous, so try that if you have the option..
5	I moved to Boston this fall and am missing Cafe Du Jour.  Cafe Du Jour was our favorite place in Pittsburgh.  Cozy, awesome food, good service and BYOB.In the summer, the outdoor patio is wonderful.  It's not right on the street (like Majorca) and you will feel like you were transported to a European cafe garden.  Such a great feeling (especially on Carson Street.)The food is amazing.  The jalepeno key lime cheese cake is a great way to finish any meal.  The steak is cooked perfectly and a reasonable portion.  I was also a fan of the mushroom soup (broth based with sliced mushrooms) and the watermelon soup.  About two years ago, I convinced my boss at UPMC South Side to take his management team to Cafe Du Jour for a holiday lunch.  CDJ opened just for us (there were about 15-20 people) and we had an awesome time.  Yes, it's cash only.  But who cares?  BYOB is a bonus...I'll miss you Cafe Du Jour...
5	Love this little gem of a restaurant! Come here for the ambiance and enjoy a special dining experience. The food is excellent. BYOB places are the best. Just bring cash and an empty tummy. Take a look at the pics to imagine what you could be savoring! Yum!
4	There needs to be more BYOB's in Pittsburgh, just saying! There is something about going out for a long dinner with friends and finishing (3 big) bottles of wine that warms my antioxidant rich heart! I have tried to go here a couple times before but couldn't get a reservation.  There are soo many quaint restaurants like this in Philly and I miss them in the burgh (there is even an interactive BYOB map with the closest liquor stores listed). I went with a man-friend, and the waiter (Matt) was really patient with us because we were taking forever to order.  The menu was interesting but not too over the top so simple palettes aren't overwhelmed. Friendly, Cute, French, Cozy. Perfect. We started which the spinach dip. Delish. I ordered the scallops which was a smaller portion but hit the spot! My friend ordered the salmon which was also delicious. I had a bite of that and I might get that next time! I am going to be honest, We might have drank a huge bottle of wine during the meal and stayed to close.  We left smiling (with purple stained teeth) and full. Pro: Cozy, Outdoor seating (although it was closed), BYOB! BYOB! Delicious food, friendly service, good noise level, BYOB, open kitchenCon: Can be tough to get a res (but thats because its awesome), limited indoor seating, stem charge, cash onlyOverall: Check it out! Great date spot!
5	Food is fresh, excellent atmosphere, sometimes hard to get a table and have strange hours but they don't get knocked for that because the food is incredible. outdoor patio is tranquil, even with the busy southside right out the other door. even something as simple as a sandwich there is made to perfection
5	The place is a gem-  I am sad they they no longer serve lunch.  Paul the owner chef grows some of the produce along with his sou chef Laura.  I have never had anything that I did not love- and ussually I put my meal in the hands of the chef. The cheese/spinach app and the puff pastry are both great.  I also love the seeds they add to the salads.  I keep wine there so I don't need to bring but it is BYOB.  The garden is very romantic-
5	Best food EVER! And you can't beat the atmosphere- the back courtyard is just perfect!
5	This is my favorite restaurant in all of Pittsburgh. I love Cafe du Jour because it is the perfect mix of well done and rough around the edges. The restaurant itself is very tiny seating maybe 20 people. The first things to great you as you walk in the door are the aromas coming from the kitchen which is located in the front corner of the restaurant and open to the whole dining room. I think this may be my favorite thing about the restaurant.  As the chefs masterfully create meals in the open kitchen the restaurant slightly fills with smoke and aromas, and the hum of the dining room mixes with the mixes with the commotion of the kitchen to give the entire place an energy. The food has always been spot on, my favorite dish being the clams in tomato sauce appetizer (one of the best things I've eaten.) The restaurant is BYOB and cash only. Generally a dinner for two with corkage fee, a starter, and two entres runs me about $60-70 plus tip. I recommend making reservations as the restaurant is tiny and fills up fast. They are not open on Monday.
3	I feel bad about giving this place 3 stars, and it's probably closer to a 3.5 (damn you Yelp for not allowing me to provide more nuanced ratings!).  But the reality is, it's a place that I thought was fine, would be happy to go back to, but probably not go out of my way to go back to and probably would not be somewhere I personally would propose.  That is, I would go there if someone else suggested it, but I probably wouldn't suggest it myself.Service here is very nice - they aren't stuffy and it seems more like a neighborhood place than an outright restaurant.  Closest comparison point might be Girasole in Shadyside in terms of ambiance.  Alas, also in terms of noise level - this place can get loud, even when it's not particularly full.  It's also definitely got a neighborhood feel - when I walked in, there was a group of older women who were congregating for some sort of get together, and a family with a young child.  That is to say, other than the kid, my friend and I were probably the youngest people there for a long while.  I think the young professionals didn't start showing up until around 8:30ish.  I don't mean to say this in a evaluative way - it's just information for you to get a sense of who goes there and when.The food was somewhat hit or miss.  The spinach and cheese dip was delicious, and I will say that the shrimp small plate was divine.  Perfectly cooked shrimp on rosemary skewers in a tomato based sauce with buttered crusty bread... absolutely awesome.  But the pork crostini with brie was not my favorite - the pork was tasteless and somewhat dry.  My friend had the mushroom soup and a house salad, neither of which seemed particularly inspired.Perhaps we went wrong by not ordering one of the main entrees.  So, I grant you that perhaps we should give it another try.  But, given my aversion to the South Side, a place has to be pretty amazing for me to brave the traffic and craziness of Carson St., and this didn't cut it.  But, I don't regret having tried it.
4	I really enjoyed this restaurant.  The outdoor area is nicely planted, like eating in a garden.The menu seems pricey at first glance, but the "small" plates have a decent sized portion if you're not a big eater (don't expect to have leftovers though!).  My friend and I had a cup of mushroom soup each, and shared two "small" plates -- the shrimp and the crepes.  The soup was delicious!  The shrimp was definitely the better of the small plates, but the crepes were not bad either.  Total was $30 for everything -- not a bad deal for quality food, and they seemed to be cool with us not ordering any regular entrees.Remember to bring cash!
4	My wife and I went here on our anniversary and had a great time. The food was awesome, it's a BYOB (which I love), and the service was great.The restaurant is pretty tiny inside, but I didn't feel crammed. I noticed they had a really nice looking outdoor patio area, but it was too cold for us to sit out there. In the summer time, I'm sure the patio is jumping.Our waiter was nice, and the chef really seemed to appreciate our business. He even sent over a delicious bruschetta he made for us on the house!One important thing to note, the place is cash only, so make sure you've got some greenbacks with you.I love to support local businesses, and this place is definitely a gem. Check it out if you're in the mood for some delicious food in a friendly, local atmosphere.
5	This place is great! I went here for a nice dinner with my girlfriend. Never having been I didn't know exactly what to expect, but the whole experience could not have been much better. They are cash only and BYOB which they kindly remind you of when you make the reservation. On that note, you will definitely want a reservation, especially in the winter. The whole place can seat about 2 dozen people, and it has a small open kitchen not much bigger than a home kitchen, but with much better food! Every dish was a revelation and the service was great and friendly. A small compliment how great the food was also earned us a bonus dish courtesy of the chef :) . I nearly never write reviews, but this is my new favorite place in Pittsburgh, I can't wait to go back!
5	As you walk into Cafe Du Jour, you feel like you're entering someone's kitchen. It's a warm and kind of homey feeling. Since it was summertime, we were seated outdoors. The atmosphere was relaxed but still good for a casual romantic date. A large extended family were seated behind us and some graduate students with their advisor to our right. My date and I started off with the Spinach & Asiago Dip which was not only superb but generously sized. The baguette itself was delicious. As for entrees, my date ended up getting the chicken and I got the salmon. My salmon entree was satisfying with its layers of flavors. All in all service was good. We left full and appreciative of the quaint little spot tucked away on Carson Street..
5	First rate food.Presentations were especially well done.My swordfish was very fresh with light tomato sauce accompanying.I only wish there were more restaurants like this one in my home town of Houston.Bring a bottle of wine and enjoy Cafe du Jour.
4	Flavorful food...just a bit noisy, but tons of energy...love the service and the BYOB element. Never felt rushed, just a great night all around with good friends.
4	So much to say about this tiny little place!First thing when you walk in, the kitchen is right next to you and smells AMAZING! You automatically know that your food will be fantastic. The next thing that happens is that you realize how freaking small the place is, but it doesn't feel too tight.Our service was the perfect level of attentiveness, yet not overbearing. Our waitress was nice, but didn't intrude too much. She let us enjoy our Vday dinner together and gave great, polite service. I also honestly felt that the pace of the food was perfect. Sometimes you feel rushed because your entree comes out too quickly and you can't finish your starters, but not here! Hence, this is a nice place to sit and enjoy rather than gorge and get out.So back to the main event: the food! I had some of the BEST spinach dip of my life. And they warmed the bread that came with it which was such a nice touch. The mushroom consume was enjoyable to both my boyfriend (who loves mushrooms) and me (who hates mushrooms) - figure that! Then, the waitress brought out two little crostinis with brie, baked apple stuff, and arugula on top - compliments of the chef :) I ordered the steak with gorgonzola butter on top and it was huge! The potatoes that came with it were average and the zucchini was weird, but then again, I'm not much of a zucchini fan anyway. My boyfriend's goat cheese stuffed chicken was sooo good and had plenty of cheese in it. Both dishes came with a side of perfectly heated fresh spinach - not cooked, just warm. So delightful!Of course, the $2/stem fee and BYOB was awesome! Great price and so delightful to not get overcharged on wine!The ONLY reason they didn't get that last star was for the ambience. If I'm paying $23/entree, I want the place to look a little cuter and not as much like a pittsburgh diner. Also, they should have at least changed the music to something more romantic on Valentine's Day than the alt. rock they were playing.
3	It is a nice cute place.  The feel of a small, family owned, traditional restaurant is certainly a plus.  However, the food was nothing very special (even though it was not bad as well).  A negative thing is that it took quiet some time to get our food after the order.  Bottom line, I would go back but not with my own initiative.
5	I've been here multiple times since my review a few years ago, and I am reviewing to reaffirm my commitment to 5 stars.  I've brought several friends through here over the years, and it's quickly become one of their favorite hidden gems in the city.  It's also cash only, and BYOB, so plan accordingly.  CdJ is small in the summer, and tiny in the winter...maybe 15 tables in the whole place.  The back patio reminds me of a dining spot in Paris; if you make reservations, and you definitely should on the weekends, request the back patio if you can.  You will love it, I promise.I haven't had a bad meal here yet.  I truthfully haven't had anything that completely knocked my socks off, but everything is really good, really well executed, and the menu changes often.  If you haven't been here yet, I implore you to check it out.
5	Loved it!!! It is very easy to miss this small little place n E Carson St.  Highly recommend their chicken crepe.
4	Great food.  Awesome service.  Charming atmosphere.No gimmicks.  Check it out!
5	I rarely walk away from a restaurant and feel the sense of overwhelming satisfaction with the entire experience that Cafe Du Jour provided.The service was excellent, and the food was absolutely amazing. It's such a small, unassuming place, but the flavors coming out of the tiny open kitchen are top-notch. Combine the great, cozy atmosphere, beautiful patio (although it wasn't open when we were there), phenomenal food and service, and a chef that thanks you as you walk out the door past the open kitchen, and you're looking a perfect dining experience. I can't wait to go back!
4	Cafe De Jour has some of the least pretentious, most home made French food (and waiters) I've ever encountered.  It managed to be hearty and full flavored while still very light.  The heavy creme and butter filled fare served at most snooty French Restaurants was no where to be found.  This was what your French grandmother might whip up for a special family dinner.  While the entrees are mostly in the 20-30 range, the salads and appetizers were just 5-10, so we got a ton to try everything.  Our total for dinner including 5 appetizers/soups/salads an incredible dessert, and complementary glasses of pinot noir was under $50..  The service was EXTREMELY friendly.  French Waiters are often guilty of either grovelling at your feet, or going the other way and treating you like you don't deserve to be there.  Our waiter was not seem snooty or fake.  He really took pride in the quality of their food, and made sure we had a great experience. Compared to the food, the decor is sparse, but there are interesting blown up newspaper articles of Pittsburgh's history on the wall including Sports victories and Frick sending in strike breakers.  I'm a style head, and I would have liked to see a little more attention to decor and atmosphere, but I'll pick a hole in the wall with great food over an elegant but mediocre place any day.  If you're looking for fancy french dining keep looking.  If you want light, gourmet french food, immaculately prepared in a casual but friendly environment (with casual but friendly prices to match) come to Cafe De Jour!
5	My husband took me here for our 1st anniversary.  It was SO romantic and the food was amazing!  The servers were also extremely nice.  I have absolutely no complaints about the place.  YOU MUST GO!  It had such a romantic ambience, which is surprising for where it is located.
5	We came to visit family in Pittsburgh. I really wanted to go to the South side and try a place. I found Cafe Du Jour on Yelp. I was skeptical because i couldn't find a website. My husband is not a fan of french food and without being able to view a menu I was nervous. We were pleasantly surprised. The food wasn't the French type food I've had in the past. Everything was recognizable simple and elegant. I was atonished at what the chef could do with such a small kitchen. I was surprised with the corkage fee. Where we are from theres tons of BYOB's and none charge corkage fees. That was the one negative but since it seems BYOB's are in short supply in this area I guess they can do as they want. It was minimal but it seemed petty to me. I thought the decor was nice some reviews bashed the place a little for that. The patio seemed charming although it was too cold for us to sit there. Other than that the food was fantastic we would definatley go back. My husband was also very happy.
5	By far my favorite spot in Pittsburgh. Great food. BYOB is a plus. Beautiful outside sitting area in the back where you will be seated unless it rains. Perfect for a date. Cash only!
4	I had been wanting to go her for quite a while, and was extremely pleased.  It is definitely one of the best places to eat in the Southside.  I sat outside in a group of 5, and the atmosphere was quaint and enjoyable.  The wait staff was very friendly as well as the chefs, and did a great job of making us feel comfortable.  Sitting outside on a nice evening in the summer can't be beat, so the small patio here was perfect for our meal.I ordered the special for an entree, and I highly recommend the crostini appetizer - definitely unique as far as crostini goes.
3	A city restaurant without a website - how quaint! I don't think I would have ever discovered it without Yelp. I first sought it out based on reviews a few years ago and I remember thoroughly enjoying a salad on the patio on a fine summer's day. Then, earlier this spring my partner and I stopped by to read the menu - my partner noted the sorta high prices and I noted the total lack of vegan options. Someone from inside popped out to let us know that they weren't yet open for dinner (it was b/w lunch and dinner time) and asked if we'd like to make a reservation for later, all in a very kind and inviting manner. I mentioned that I was hoping to find something vegan and she assured me that the chef could make something. We passed that time (due to cheap partner), but I knew I would return for some al fresco joy, and earlier this week, I did. I called ahead to make a reservation and to make sure they were really ok with making a vegan entree. When we arrived, the vegan thing was acknowledged by our server and we were seated in the best spot on the patio, next to the cute and oddly gregarious turtles! We were handed some well used paper menus and our cheap sparkling wines were properly chilled/corked/stored. From then on, things got awkward. My dining companion, who kept baby talking to the turtles throughout the meal and even feeding them, coerced me into drinking her recently deceased grandmother's favorite cheap sparkling wine (Asti) and we made a toast to this woman I never had the pleasure of meeting. And we were left with crusty menus that which had no apparent vegan selections and waited for the server to, um, maybe, uh mention what they could do. Instead she came to take our order. And I had to explain that since nothing is really vegan on the menu, I needed her to describe what could be made vegan. Uhhhh, the mushroom consomme annnnd a salad...ummm...let me go ask the chef. The chef had an excellent answer, it is a mystery to me as to why he was not consulted earlier. I did try the mushroom consomme to start, which was alright (I would not order it again), and ordered the chef's special with was described as a zucchini stuffed with spiced cous cous. Sounded boring. But as presented, it had a lot going on, I almost feared it had too much going on - tomato sauce, capers, walnuts, basil, golden raisins, cinnamon, bread crumbs...whoa! Was it going to be as clumsy as our service? No! It was well composed and very satisfying to my palate which was maybe only slightly deteriorated from drinking Asti. The chef also sent out some complimentary small bites before our entrees, I imagine because the special dish was expected to take longer than a usual menu item, though it didn't seem like an especially long wait. Awesome gesture, as it proved someone was on their toes. At the end of the meal we had our second most painful conversation with the server, regarding coffee. It should have been a pretty simple exchange, really. I ordered espresso and my friend asked if the coffee was french pressed. Instead of just saying "no," we got some bumbling convoluted answer that left us confused - I was able to gather that no, it was not french press coffee and that either the coffee or espresso (or both?) were from some sort of pod - like maybe a machine that sort of presses a pod...My friend, bewildered, just ordered an espresso, but I had to ask, soooo is the espresso from a pod thingy? Yep...ok, I am sorry but I don't want the espresso, and I joked about drawing the line at imitation "champagne." No fun. I tried to be really kind and easy going to make up for being such a damn snob, an inconvenience at every turn, for trying to understand what was being offered. As I watched our server describe the specials to an arriving table, counting the two of them on her fingers as if she was twisting each special off of a finger and squeezing it into her palm, I felt sorry for those others who came to endure her writhing translations. As much as I appreciated my special dish, and service aside, I probably would not put them through the trouble of having me dine again. I don't believe the menu changes very often, definitely not every day as the name suggests, as it didn't seem particularly seasonal (for example, one of their two desserts featured pumpkin which, even though it's none of my business, I thought was weird for late June), nor much, if at all, different from my previous visits, and certainly not freshly printed. Nonplussed?+ Cash only (+ as in bring it) + Very pleasant patio for those rare perfect days+ ^ With friendly turtles, until turtle soup season (maybe next year)+ BYOB+ Capable and accommodating kitchen to make up for non-communicative server= Worth trying, especially if you don't have dietary restrictions, you have expendable cash, it's a nice day to spend with turtles and you want to provide your own Asti.Hrm, the nonplussed point system might be my new method of expressing cynical optimism.
4	There are not many options for dinner in the South Side, but if you want to eat a well prepared, fresh dinner this is your place. This is the perfect place to take your old-school-Pittsburgh-lifer-parents if you live in the South Side.  It's more French-lite, than real French; it won't scare anyone that rarely leaves Western Pennsylvania.  All the food was delicious and I had no complaints.  The place itself is small, but not confining.  I'm not sure if I would go back though, as I like my food a bit more adventurous. Then again, I could definitely see me bringing my mom here on her birthday.
5	My wife and I went here for an anniversary dinner, as we could not get in our first choice.  What a very pleasant surprise.  The pork dinner I had was absolutely amazing, the atmosphere outside was quaint, surprisingly quiet, and the service was brilliant.  The cost was exceptional as well and will become a frequent customer of this amazing establishment.P.S. The pistachio desert we had was incredible.  I think if anyone watched us eat this thing they would have thought we had 30 seconds to live and this food would save us from impending disaster; it was that GOOD!
4	Delicious!  Charming!  Love it!
4	We went here to celebrate my mother-in-law's birthday, who said she wanted to go to a French restaurant.  I think there are few French restaurants in Pittsburgh, so this is one of the closest things/places we could find.Overall, we enjoyed our meals.  The atmosphere was fairly basic.   Service was good. They should take credit cards, for their own good, and their customers.
5	This is definitely my go-to for best restaurant in Pittsburgh.  It is always super high quality ingredients and great specials.  We went in on New Year's Eve which was a great idea with their BYOB policy.  We brought beer, wine and champagne and settled in for a fantastic meal. J&B started with the infamous spinach dip.  Served with a whole loaf of their bread, it oozed gooiness.  J&I started with the special - lamb crepes.  Unbelieveable.  This should become a staple of the menu.  We also split a bowl of crab soup.  Spicy and filled with crab - delicious!  J had the scallops as his main course and was blown away by both the quality of the scallops as well as the extremely fresh veggies.  I had the salmon which is one of my favorites.  It's one of the few meals where you will feel completely full afterwards, but also very healthy.  J had the eggplant parm which is not normal eggplant parm, but is a much healthier, yet delicious alternative.  B had the steak which I believe is the best thing on the menu.  An awesome piece of meat covered with blue cheese butter.  Heaven.  We ordered the chocolate flourless cake and the raspberry brown butter tort.  To say that these were good would be an understatement.  J&I ordered 3 desserts - 3.  We could have ordered more.  The raspberry tort was insane - buttery and sweet and mouth-watering.  Go!  Go now!   You won't be disappointed!Oh, also cash only!  Be aware!
5	If you aren't looking for Cafe du Jour, you just might miss this hidden gem of a restaurant located on East Carson Street in Southside.  I'm always surprised by how many of my friends who frequent the Southside have never heard of this place.  In my opinion, Cafe du Jour is one of the most outstanding restaurants in Pittsburgh.I've dined here several times throughout the past year, and the food is consistently fantastic.  Admittedly, I've always ordered the same thing...the roasted eggplant rolled with fresh mozzarella and topped with creamy pesto.  Always delicious, always prepared with fresh, high-quality ingredients.  The appetizer crepes are wonderful as well.  When I dined here for my birthday last year, I finished my meal with a piece of the flourless chocolate cake...it was beautifully presented and even came with a birthday candle!  Perfect ending to a wonderful meal.I would recommend this restaurant for a romantic evening or special occasion dinner.  Keep in mind that the place is BYOB and cash only.  Reservations are also highly recommended, as the dining room is very small and intimate.  In the summertime, they have an outdoor patio/garden area that is very pleasant to dine in.  If you're looking to try somewhere new for dinner in the Southside, put this at the top of your list...you won't be disappointed!
5	My boyfriend and I made reservations here for dinner before heading over to watch the Pens. Let me tell you...the food was to die for!! A cute, little 6-table joint that looks like an old deli in a previous life. It has a small staff that provided great service with the chef within view cooking your food. Everything is VERY fresh.We started out with the spinach dip which was served with steaming hot bread. The dip was the BEST we've ever had. Really. It was so creamy and smooth, and you could taste every single flavor. I would have licked the dish clean if it wouldn't have made a scene...Then we shared this spicy Thai soup. The first spoonful was "different", but then you were hooked by the second. It was really delicious - a green curry broth with chunks of meat and fresh veggies. Full of flavor.Then the chef sent out a plate of Brie on toasted bread covered in fresh, homemade apple butter. It was a perfect combination and exceptional. Wish we had a whole tray of it.For the entrees, I had the scallops and couscous, which was really, really good. My only complaint was for the price, I only got three scallops. My boyfriend had the salmon. He loved it. I tried a bite and have to say I think I liked it more than the scallops (and that's not knocking the scallops either) . The sauce that topped the salmon added a really creamy, delicious flavor.We didn't have time for dessert, unfortunately. :( They probably thought it was the first time we've tasted food by watching us. But each course was more yummy goodness than the previous. We definitely recommend to everyone!!Tip:  We found out that BYOB extends to pop as well. They only serve water.
5	One of the best restaurant meals I've ever had. No kidding. If you visit Pittsburgh, you can't miss this unassuming but charming little place.
5	I went here on a first date, I was not that excited about my date except for that he knew of this superb little spot. Seating is limited but I love smaller spaces, they block out yacker types who cannot sit down in peace and enjoy sans cell phones. If it is warm out the back patio is lovely, but inside looks nice as well. The whole menu looks fab from lunch to dinner but I had the pan seared pork chop with polenta and kale.Make reservations!Lovely just mouth watering perflect marriage of flavors, I ate the left over as soon as I got home lovely. Its BYOB which is a plus :) The server was attentive and paced things well, which was good because I had to keep the conversation going with my date. I must miss France because a little taste of the food here brought it all flooding back. Kudos to my date for agreeing with me that the third hunger games book stunk and knowing of this place. He was not my match but the food here made up for it.
5	Sadly, when I think Southside, I'm like the masses who think of a bunch of drunk college kids puking their guts out at 2AM.  What I don't think about is a small little restaurant with upscale food and a laid-back vibe.  This place totally flies under the radar, and it definitely this aspect that makes me like this place so much.  Everything you'll enjoy about this place is completely unexpected (or maybe less so now that I'm telling you!).  When you walk in, you'll notice a small cafe vibe with this surprisingly European like feel: 10 or so small tables are located in the back.  The decoration is somewhat nondescript (we sat next to a refrigerator proudly displaying the "Coke" logo).  What is cool is the fact that the food is literally prepared next to you behind this counter.   The service is among the best I have experienced in this city.  The hallmark of a good waiter is one who anticipates your needs.  For instance, on Valentine's day when I went, I ordered a small cup of soup, and the server was insightful enough to bring out two spoons.  I know, a little detail, but one that matters and makes my experience that much better.Speaking of the food: out of this world.  The menu options are somewhat limited, but I can tell they must change, as do their specials.  There will be a vegetarian option waiting for you.  We started our meal out with bruschetta that came with creamy cheese-spinach sauce with plenty of cubed-seasoned tomatoes: so rich, so creamy, so so good.  The bruchetta was also crisp and warm-simply perfect.  The mushroom soup we shared was full of 4 different types of musrhooms: oyster, shitake, portobello and porcini.  My entree was the eggplant dish: baked eggplant with this sweet pepper sauce, some cheese and...really, I don't know what else but other than the fact it left this little ting in my mouth which when combined with the sweetness of the sauce made for an incredible experience.  My girlfriend enjoyed her salmon dish.  We capped off the meal with chocolate mousse which was simply decadent.  Several other things to note prior to dining here.  1.) Make reservations and make them in advance.  2.) Don't come here expecting full privacy.  Tables are jam packed next to each other.  We definitely had a neighboring couple interrupt us in our conversation since they over-heard something we were talking about that must have appealed them.  Luckily for us, this interaction proved to be quite pleasant and added to our experience, but just a heads up for the rest of you..3.) Cash only, so go to the ATM.  3 course meal for 2 will run you around $80, which certainly isn't bad given the high quality of the food and 4.) BYOB so definitely bring something to complement the fantastic flavor of the food that you are about to enjoy!
1	Seriously? The crostini was a burnt hamburger bun that I could have topped myself with dry pork, Brie cheese and apple butter from the jar. Also... Not a whole lotta ventilation so I recommend going during the warm seasons so they can open the door and you can avoid having smoke in your eyes all night.... Just sayin'
5	I can't believe I lived in South Side for 7 months and haven't noticed this place before! This is a cute little BYOB place with AMAZING food!! I can't wait to go again, especially in summer when they open their patio! We started with several appetizers that were the specials of the night, and I ordered the New York Strip Steak as an entree and it was to die for! My friend had the Roasted Eggplant with Mozzarella and it was also very good! The service was very attentive and friendly and the place was just cute! It's a great spot of a date or a smaller group.
5	LOOOVE!!  Love both the food and the ambiance.  Definitely take the opportunity to sit outside when the weather permits.  Excellent food and they even throw in some extras while you're waiting.  I don't think I can even cook this good at home.  My bf loves the pork....  tried to recreate it at home but just wasn't the same as CDJ.
5	Bam!  That's how excited I am to write this review.  I've had Cafe Du Jour bookmarked "To Try" for over a year, and I'm angry I haven't come sooner.  We had one of our best dinners in the 'burgh the past two years.  It was sold to me as a French Bistro - but it's really not.  None of the items are classic French comfort food, such as a coq au vin, duck confit, pate, or other type of items.  I think it falls in the New American cuisine.  Correction, it is delicious New American cuisine.  Soy-glazed meatballs ($10), pork, apple butter and brie crostini ($10), fennel rubbed pork chop with crispy kale($24), chicken breast stuffed with feta and spinach ($24), are some of the items that I can recall.There isn't a website, and the menu you can find on allmenus seems to be a lunch menu, and outdated.  I wouldn't let that deter you at all - you just have to trust your fellow Yelpers who rave about this place.  I do disagree on the $$ designation.  Two people with 2 apps, 2 entrees, 1 desert, and a cork fee was $86 (and $100 adding tip).Now, it is small, or at least while the patio is closed.  8 tables or so, and only 4 staff it seemed.  One host/waiter/runner, one chef, one sous chef, and an extra hand.  The pace between our courses was a bit longer than usual, but it didn't really bother me like it usually does.  The staff is working hard, and you can see it, and the food is so good I didn't really care.  And as mentioned elsewhere, BYOB with $2/stem.This restaurant needs to be the next place you go.
5	I am so in love with this place. After reading the Yelp reviews I decided we had to go. We called on a Saturday afternoon to make a reservation and thank god we did. We wanted to get there at 6 but had to settle for 5:30; apparently they were totally booked for the night by the time we arrived (they were turning away walk-ins they had so many reservations). So glad we made a reservation, we never do.Anyway. We brought a few beers/cider since its' BYOB and it was no problem (there's a $2 stem fee for each person). We ordered the spinach dip and LET ME TELL YOU it was absolutely divine. I could have bathed in it. The bread was fresh and warm, and the dip was absolutely to die for. Get it. You will. Not. Be. Sorry. Have I gotten that point across well enough yet?For my entree, I had the NY Strip Steak. Also definitely not a mistake ordering this baby. It was tender, juicy, tasty, and delightful. The butter on top was good, the veggies it came with were good... Absolutely yummy. The BF had the pork chop and wasn't totally wow-ed with it like I was my steak, but as he said, it's hard to do a pork chop well. I wouldn't know, since I can barely cook Velveeta shells and cheese, but what are you gonna do? The crispy kale was really interesting, anyway. Not something you get every day.This place was intimate, the food is cooked pretty much right in your face (it seems like an old deli counter turned open air kitchen), and they have a delightful little patio I'd love to sit on in better summer weather. Our waiter was attentive and friendly and I will so be back to Cafe du Jour.
5	We've been twice...in 2 weeks.  That's how good it is! We visited for the first time on a Thursday night and then returned a week later on a Saturday for my father's birthday. On both visits, we were able to sit outside, and both occasions our service was fantastic. Both servers were friendly and hospitable, very knowledgable about what they were serving and very accommodating to any special requests. On our first visit, we had the spinach dip with fresh, hot french baguette, the rosemary skewered shrimp, the house salad with roasted garlic vinaigrette, and we shared the pork chop. More than enough food for two people to share, the shrimp was divine, perfectly cooked, not at all gummy, and the accompanying sauce was fantastic. LOVED the hot, rosemary seasoned bread with it. The spinach dip was a perfect combination of the bright, fresh basil and creamy cheese with ripe tomatoes and delicious spinach. Again, the hot bread was perfect. Salad was delicious, and the pork chop was divine. This place has a fantastic chef who knows how to cook meats and seafood perfectly. It was juicy and not a trace of pink. Awesome.We returned as a group of 4 and had the rosemary shrimp, the spinach dip, the house salad, the smoked salmon salad, the watermelon gazpacho, the scallops special, and the New York strip. The watermelon gazpacho was actually recommended by a different couple at another table! Just imagine, enjoying something so much that you recommend it to other people in the restaurant that you don't know! Yeah it was that good. Chris loved it. He also very much enjoyed the smoked salmon salad, just be forewarned, the dill in the dressing sneaks up on you and if you aren't a fan of dill, well I'd recommend a different dressing for sure. The scallops were melt in your mouth perfection. If they have scallops as a special when you visit, I highly recommend them. Amazing. The only disappointment of the night was the new york strip. Earl said it was a bit "tough". I didn't try it, but as he loves a good new york strip, I'd definitely take his word for it. Not a big deal, he enjoyed it, but not nearly as much as the rest of us enjoyed our meals. A bummer, and something to consider if you are a big steak person. All in all, we will definitely return! The garden is a delightful little respite in the business of the south side, and we really enjoyed watching the two turtles swim about. I priced it at moderate because the ability to BYOB saves a TON! On our first visit, our meal was $50 (for 2 people), our second visit $150 (for 4 people). So I'd say it falls in between the moderate and spendy categories depending on your group and what you order. Make reservations as seating is limited and who wants to be stuck in the dining room staring at all the people enjoying the gorgeous garden?
4	A friend recommended this place, it was great! Small but very enjoyable atmosphere. The small plates all sounded great. It was tempting to skip entrees and just get all the small plates!
4	A small intimate restaurant in South Side. They have an open kitchen where you can see the chef cooking everything and a delightful patio where you can enjoy the summer. The roasted eggplant with fresh mozzarella and creamy pesto was delicious. All ingredients seem very fresh. BYOB and cash only. Recommended!
4	I have been going to this restaurant since the beginning.  The chef/owner Paul Krawiecw, makes some of the best food in the city.  When you factor in that his prices are far lower than some of the fancy restaurants, it is a no-brainer.   This guy gets it done.
5	Best kept secret in Pittsburgh!  BYOB/cash only.  Tucked in the edge of Southside this open kitchen restaurant is quaint & intriguing.  Outside dining available.  Fabulous chicken,  pork & steak entrees. Must try spinach & peccornio dip- it's amaze! You won't be disappointed or go home hungry. Make a reservation!
5	Great food and amazing atmosphere! A little pricey not somewhere to go every week but definitely worth it a few times a year! Love it! And beautiful summer back courtyard!
5	Cafe Du Jour is hands down one of my favorite restaurants in Pittsburgh.  I recommend it to all my friends and any visitors to the area. The place is tiny and so is the menu, but you will have an amazing dining experience if you follow the following recommendations:First, always make a reservation, especially in the winter.  In the warmer months, the best place to sit is outside, where they have several tables set up in a beautiful garden. There is a lovely fountain and pond in the back, where a few turtles play. I like turtles.  In the winter, indoor seating is limited to a handful of tables.  Second, I recommend eating earlier in the evening.  Due to their galley-size kitchen, Du Jour sometimes runs out of ingredients for some of their dishes by late night. Third, bring plenty of cash and your choice of beer or wine. Did you know the former comes in pints? There's a $2 stem charge for each person in your party. Lastly, bring a wizard with you when dining on the patio.  I know, I know.  Long have you desired to look upon the kings of old.  But you never travel through Argonath without some protection from orcs.  (Lost? See my picture). In all seriousness, make sure the waitstaff lights the candles because at some of the outdoor tables, bugs can be a nuisance. Now to the food. Du Jour has the best spinach dip in town.  If the place wasn't so tiny, I would go just to eat the dip.  It is served with freshly baked bread, so give it a minute to cool down before you tuck in or else you'll end up with burnt tastebuds.  All of their standard entrees are excellent, especially the strip steak, salmon, and eggplant rolls.  But do try the daily specials!  If you and your fellow diners can't decide what to order, I recommend getting a few different entrees and splitting them up.  There's more than enough to share.  Don't leave without hearing their dessert offerings.  The flourless chocolate cake is especially good. Cafe Du Jour is open Tuesday-Saturday 5pm-10pm.  They used to offer lunch a few years back, but alas, not anymore.  No more elevensies for me.
5	This place is super cute! During the nice summer days, my fiance and I were looking for a nice place to catch a bite on the patio and after doing a search on Yelp, Cafe Du Jour came up as one of our options. We read about it being cash only, went to the ATM and made a reservation.We arrive and the seating area is tiny as others have pointed out. It was also really hot and didn't seem to have A/C and we found most people on the patio.Entering the patio, we saw what everyone was raving out. It was gorgeous! It had a flower baskets, garden and a fountain. Inside the fountain, I spotted a little turtle! It was a majestic place to soak in the atmosphere, fine food...and we saw pretty much every table bring a bottle of wine as well (BYOB!).I ordered the Salmon with Wild Rice, while my fiance ordered the Eggplant dish which was served with some potatoes and a creamy flavorful sauce. Our food was delicious, the service great. Our bill came to around $50 for two people (we had an appetizer as well, but I forget what we ordered..). Lovely place for a nice date.
4	Great tiny place in Southside. Great food. BYOB. Delicious steak. Friend's pork thing was delicious as well. Other friend is a vegan. They made her a fantastic looking off-the-menu eggplant thing when she asked about vegan options.Food is a five. Great atmosphere. A bit pricey though.
4	been going here for years - always a pleasant experience
4	What a great place. Went there for my daughter Jackie's birthday. Her boyfriend made the reservation weeks ago, and you definitely need one as it is small. You need to bring your own wine, but that's fun! We all 5 had a great meal and they even gave Jackie a piece of cake with a candle and the whole restaurant sang to her. It is a lovely place, very friendly with great service. I will go back for sure. We had a wonderful celebration with family, good service and great food!
4	Although I have been to Cafe du Jour before, it has been awhile. So, while looking for a BYOB to celebrate a recent engagement within our close group of friends we decided to go with CdJ. Immediately upon arrival, I remembered my previous issue with this restaurant. Ventilation. My eyes are very sensitive and water/burn when there is smoke in the air. The front door was opened so, the smoke wasn't bad today. However, it did become more smokey as the night went on. Our party of 6 sat at one of about 5 tables in the restaurant. As I was in the middle of my toast to congratulate the happy couple, our waiter came over, interrupted and told us the soup of the day. He really ruined the mood and the flow of my toast which I had worked on for days. We were off to a bad start. Then we waited and waited for him to come back and take our order. In the mean time, I tried to make eye contact to let him know we were waiting. When I looked around the room, I saw him take a cigarette out of his apron and walk outside. So, we waited longer. After he came back in the restaurant, smoke still being exhaled out of his lungs, he came right over to take our order. Not much for hygiene I suppose. Oh well, we were starving by that time. We ordered two appetizers for the table- pork crustini and the meatballs. The crustini was interesting. I loved how the smoothness of the brie was accented by the apple jam/chutney on top. I would have loved a little more of the jam. The meatballs were also a big hit. For my entree, I went with the glazed pork with roasted potatoes and a slaw of veggies with a yogurt dressing. The pork was cooked to perfection. Juicy, tender and tasty. Why can't I get pork to taste like this? I guess that's why I don't have my own restaurant (among other reasons). The potatoes were delicious but, the raw veggies did not pair well for me. I would have preferred a cooked vegetable, something green with a little bitterness to it. Overall, we all had a good time and thoroughly enjoyed the food. The reason for four stars was the issue we had with the service and ventilation.
5	SO SO SO Good. I often find myself thinking about their flour-less choc cake desert.
4	I have been here twice now, the food is great & the atmosphere is charming. Remember your bottle of wine and treat yourself to an enjoyable evening @ Cafe Du Jour.
5	Had a fantastic dinner there. The meatball appetizer was amazingly flavorful and the San Marzano tomato sauce to top it off was the perfect compliment. The main course eggplant dish was served hot and was spiced perfectly. It was enough to split between the two of us. It was our second visit. Loved it both times. BYOB can't be beat. My ONLY downside to the place is the ventilation. It doesn't exist. Be prepared that whatever you wear to the restaurant, you will be smelling on your clothes until they are laundered. In spite of all that.......a must go !
5	Simply put, this is my favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh. I have been many times and eaten most things on the menu. There are two things I love about this place: value and quality. It's not often that I eat out and say "wow, that place was amazing, worth every penny." I am often satisfied, but never amazed. Here I am always amazed. I always get out of here for under 100 bucks for two, and it's the best food in Pittsburgh in my opinion, that's what makes this place amazing. It's BYOB, which I also love. I get the a better quality meal here than I get at Ruth's Chris spending $250 for two. Ultimately, it's not about the price that I rave, but the food quality. I had the salmon the first few times I ate here because it was the best salmon dish i had ever had. My girlfriend did the same with the eggplant, both of us afraid to change because, honestly, how could it get any better?! I eventually took the plunge and switched it up. Now every dish I order I believe to be my new favorite. The bottom line, everything here is awesome, and that's comforting when you want to go out and have a great meal. Close your eyes and point to anything on the menu and you are bound to be impressed.
4	Wasn't sure what to expect of Cafe Du Jour when some coworkers, my wife and I decided to get together for dinner there on a Saturday night.Unsuspecting exterior (sans the deliciously good smells wafting from the open front door), very small space (less than 10 tables total), and a rather compact open kitchen all in the same room.We had been meaning to try it for awhile on a count of the Yelp reviews, and overall, I can see where it gets the positive vibe.  All of our appetizers were great (mushroom and pork crostini, meatballs, etc.) and the BYOB made the environment enjoyable from the start.Everyone at the table seemed to at least like their appetizers, although the pork chop my one coworker and I got was way overdone (rather tough and dry everywhere but the center).  Service was decent and the staff were definitely friendly.  Judging by they appetizers versus the entrees, I can definitely see this being a better lunch spot than a dinner joint (not necessarily a problem!).  I'd imagine their sandwiches are definitely good.Overall, we enjoyed our experience.  Not exactly sure we'd seek it out again, but then again, we very rarely frequent one place more than once every year or two (we like our variety!).
4	This place was just great. The food was fantastic, the atmosphere was cozy and comfortable and the service was professional. As already mentioned,  the food was just delicious - especially if you like mushrooms, lots of options for great mushroom dishes; wild mushroom consumme, mushroom and brie crostini, spinach salad  - add mushrooms,  a stuffed chicken with mushrooms entree...clearly, I'm a fan of mushrooms.BYOB - fabulous. Corkage fee was only two dollars a glass. I love a good BYOB, these restaurants aren't concerned with the profit of alcohol - they are in it to make really, really good food. That's awesome. The space is small, probably only five or six tables - though in the summer I hear they have a gorgeous back patio - and there is an open kitchen. The service was...leisurely - due to the small kitchen. It was fine for our evening - girls night out with holiday grab bag gifts, a bottle of Prosecco (where we had asked them for champagne glasses which they washed and gave to us) and two bottles of wine. The place is made for dining, not for a quick dinner. Could have been a little cleaner , waitress could have been a little friendlier -  she was professional, but just a hint cold. Ultimately though, very satisfied. A must go for foodies in Pittsburgh.Be sure to make a reservation!
5	This place is awesome!! The food is fantastic. It's also great because it's a high end restaurant with BYOB (aka you don't spend a fortune on wine). The eggplant dish is a MUST. My only complaint would be that the tables are pretty close together cuz it's a small place. But I'm definitely going back!
2	This place might be nice in the warmer weather but the restaurant was freezing and we had our coats on the whole meal. They also left the door open a crack to get the steam out from the kitchen. The service was slow the server was unpleasant and she didn't get us out on time for our show (which we mentioned several times including when we made our reservation). The food wasn't bad but a little overpriced.
4	I cannot wait until the weather warms up again so that I can sit in their outdoor patio. I love that they are BYOB. The spinach and pecorino dip with french baguette is to die for. Make sure to order the large as you will definitely want more! I had the scallops with mango habanero sauce and wild rice along with charred tomatoes. I could have eaten another plate of this -so good! I'm sure that I will be back before the weather warms up for the patio, it is just that good!
5	There has never been a time, I think, when I was seated at the only table in an amazing restaurant on a Thursday night but that's what I did last Thursday and it. Was. Good. The surprising part is that with that kind of volume, one might be inclined to think the quality of food might suffer, but no, everything we ordered was tasty and correctly textured.The short ribs were insanely delicious and the simple roasted cauliflower that comes on the side was also super yummy. And super simple. I think there's the thing Cafe Du Jour does best: simple, slow, unpretentious food that is seasoned correctly and correctly seasonal. The apple chutney on the pork was spiced and wintery, the arugula was peppery and fresh, and we already discussed my cauliflower. I would be curious to come back in the summer and see what their menu is like then. Also Ned said there was a patio out back which we didn't go to see but is apparently a thing in Pittsburgh and apparently adorable. Unsurprising. OMIGOD I forgot to say that this place is a BYOB and I super LOVE BYOB restaurants. They all get a point just for that.
5	absolutely fantastic little spot. innovative, unpretentious.  ricotta crepe with raisins over a spiced vegetable ragout was a highlight. hope to returncall ahead on a weeknight, sometimes they close early.d
5	Absolutely fantastic and the setting to support such an experience.  My gf and I sat outside on the back patio for dinner on a beautiful saturday night and enjoyed a fresh and extremely reasonable french restaurant.  The spinach dip with warm french baguette was such a homerun, the best spinach dip ive ever had and a warm toasted baguette to go with it.  Mushroom Consumme was a great light soup to have before entree and then I had a Brown Sugar and Mustard glazed Pork Chop.  This was just perfect, not to sweet, but extremely flavorful.  Girlfriend had their salmon which was very well seasoned and fresh.  We will be back sooner than later, BYOB is also great at $2 per person.
5	Things I look forward to when dining out on a warm summer evening, in alphabetical order (or order of importance, my lists are versatile):1. BYOB2. Fresh ingredients3. Good-for-sharing, generous portions that satiate, not over-fill4. Interesting food and flavor combinations that I wouldn't normally think of5. Outdoor seating6. Quiet, quaint, intimate atmosphereCafe du Jour certainly exceeds my expectations. I walked in and got lucky (celebrating a birthday with a good friend and our first choice was closed), but you might want to make a reservation for this gem. They have an outdoor seating with a gorgeous garden and fountain that seems to tuck you away from the boisterous South Side. We had a few small plates (all delicious, try the meatballs), a cup of soup (fresh mushrooms are a joy), and all of the food was perfectly cooked and neatly presented. The waitress was friendly and even put a candle on the dessert we ordered.If you're looking for an easy meal, come to Cafe du Jour and relax a bit. Bring a bottle, a friend (or two), and a big wad o' cash from the ATM next door. What a perfect escape for an affordable price.
5	Food is awesome - some real talent ... kind of small seating area - cute but sometimes tough to get a seat - make reservations!
5	Fantastic birthday candlelight dinner at Cafe du Jour. The appetizers were just as good if not better than the entree. My boyfriend claims they're the best appetizers in Pittsburgh. It's a very low-key restaurant that sticks to the basics and focuses on the quality of food. That's what it should be about.
5	Noted this and a couple others on this funky but great street in (uptown?...South side?) Pittsburgh.  Decided on this one based on quiet atmosphere and good menu.  Very nice owner and great selections - sit on the back patio!  Had smoked salmon salad and a gazpacho with smoked pepper spiciness to it.  Just enough kick.  My wife had a mushroom soup as we split the salad.  Enjoyed it all.
5	this place was amazing. the food was perfect, the atmosphere is adorable and the service was perfect. I had all vegetarian dishes that were sooo good. I had 4 courses and by total bill was only 30 dollars. i tend to like a little pretentious with my french dining experience (is it to your liking madam... makes me feel like a princess lol) and even though this place did not have that at all, I still found it warm and welcoming and charming. It is definitely going to be one of my new favorite spots.
5	What a hidden gem in the South Side! Wonderful back patio area makes you feel like you've been whisked off to Italy. The eggplant rolls were beyond amazing. Sweet, personal service. Note: Cash only and BYOB.
3	I guess I am going to be one of those that does not agree with the review...or maybe I just caught them on an off day. Either way I was underwhelmed by the experience as was my other half that used to come to cafe Du Jour all the time when he was still living in Pittsburgh. When we got there we were the only ones there, and I still think    the only ones when we left. I ordered a tomato tart of sorts, and my other half ordered the steak they have on the menu. My tart was dry, and not that exciting. Other half had the steak which was a very good portion, but had no flavor what so ever. The blue cheese they did put on it was scant. Overall it just missed the mark. On the plus side it does seem like a nice relaxing spot. Nothing pretentious about, but again nothing to exciting either.
5	Absolutely amazing, this place is a gem, perfect place for a date or a night out with friends. Byob, excellent service and phenomenal food!
