4	Stopped by here on my last visit to the city that never sleeps. Pacific Archery has a nice selection of equipment, especially compounds, hunting supplies, and carbon arrows. I was looking for something really basic, and although they didn't have any takedown recurves for sale at the time, Gabe was friendly and offered to order for us from the catalog.I will be back for sure. The indoor shooting range was clean and brightly lit. I didn't ask about the rates but I'm sure the friendly staff would hook you up. It's a bit oddly located in the back of a Chinatown plaza... Oh, and they are closed on Sundays!
5	Jadira took me here as a surprise the other day and what a surprise indeed!  Perfect timing too. . . right before we go and see The Hunger Games!  Pros:  * Incredibly friendly staff -  Jadira had made reservations prior, but it turns out that the reservation was actually a week off.  The gentleman behind the counter said not to worry though and was able to accommodate us anyhow.      *  Mini Lesson -  If this is your first time to shoot a bow and arrow, don't worry.  They give you a little lesson about archery to assure you are on your A game.  *  Offerings - I didn't walk around much, but it seemed that they had everything you could imagine that deals w/ archery.  The range is indoors and is right past the store front.  The shooting area had numerous different targets to accommodate all skill levels.Cons:  *  Ouch - While I was about to shoot, the guy giving us the mini-lesson pointed at something on my bow... long story short, the string part on the bow smacked his finger and ricocheted off and whipped my forearm, leaving me with a nasty bruise and missing a few layers of skin.  No biggie though.  *  The bathroom is a bit on the dirty side, but hey at least there IS a bathroom (which is definitely a plus)!Overall:  *  This is something that I never thought I'd get to try.  What an awesome experience!  I highly recommend it to anyone up for trying it.  It's sort of hidden in the middle of Chinatown (in the plaza East of Ranch 99...assuming you are facing the entrance to Ranch 99).  I never knew it was there.  We asked how long they had been there and the guy responded 18 years!  Tips: *  If you are a South Paw, make sure to mention it before you get your bow. *  They have little protection things for your finger.  It hurts after awhile so use it. *  Aim lower than your target... It may be different for everyone, but it worked for me
5	Whether you are a seasoned archer who has brought down a turkey or a buck with a bow or a neophyte who has never touched an arrow but are curious about archery, this is the place for you.  They have everything from the latest in compound bows to really basic starter recurve bows.  Some are quite expensive but they do have some recurves for right around $100. That is a good price for something that needs to be made well in order to be safe.  Pacific is great because they are one of the few places left in Vegas where you can get arrows custom made.  My wife and I shoot recurve bows in a Medieval times reenactment society, so we only use wooden shafted, iron tipped arrows. Most of the places in town that we have found only carry fiberglass shafts, but Pacific has wooden ones.  Their prices on both bows and arrows were less than any of the custom made ones I found on the web. Plus, unlike mail order, at a place like Pacific, you can try the bows out before you buy one.  They also have all the supplies you need once you have your bow such as new strings, arrow nocks, arrowheads, arrow rest pads etc.  Their stock of quivvers is really good too with a good mix of modern as well as traditional styles.  You can try stuff out in their indoor range for free.  If you bring your own stuff, you can shoot there for about $5 an hour.  Unless you are a well-seasoned archer, an hour of shooting is plenty of time, really.  Most first-timers and periodic shooters find that their arms get tired long before an hour is up :)  They are good at making sure you buy a bow that actually fits you too.  They measure the draw length and draw weight that you can comfortably pull and hold so that you pick a bow that you will actually be able to shoot.  If the bow is too big or too heavy of a draw for you, you'll shake so bad that you won't be able to aim, so this is important.  Pacific Archery is tucked away in China Town over on the West side of the Strip.  They don't advertise much and are not quite as fancy as the new archery range up at Clark County Shooting Park, but they have been featured on The History Channel's show 'Pawn Stars' a time or two when Rick has taken bows there that he was thinking of buying.  So they are kinda famous.
5	I just had my son's 8th birthday at Pacific Archery and they were so great and helpful. I had 8 kids between the ages of 4-8 and they really took the time to show these kids safety and how to properly shoot. They all really enjoyed themself. I plan to go back there with my kids in the near future.
3	Nice place to go shooting, but a little on the cramped side when you are on the range. The staff is friendly and helpful. We paid for a lesson, but our instructor, who was in high school, chatted with us more about everything in her life than how we can learn to shoot better. We really didn't improve on our skills at all, but we enjoyed the range.
5	Came here for a groupon beginner's lesson. I have never shot a a bow and arrow before and man was it fun!  We were a class of 5 and there were 2 instructors. The staff is really friendly and helpful of getting you started with safety instructions, proper positioning and form. The lesson is an hour long and is a great introduction. Just be prepared to have fun, and trade a couple funny zingers with the staff. There are plenty of targets from middle of the field to way in the back. As for sales and equipment, I really don't know anything, but it looked like they had a good variety of items for sale. I liked how the archery range was very neat and clean.
5	Love this place!We got slightly addicted to watching archery at the London Olympics. I guess we're not the only ones. With recent films like The Hunger Games, Brave, and The Avengers, Pacific Archery appears to have experienced an uptick in business. Good for them.Armed with nothing more than a Groupon (an expired Groupon at that), we came in for our hour-long beginner lesson. They provided all of the equipment and Zoey told us all we needed to know to set up and start shooting our first arrows. In no time, we were hitting close to bullseye. Granted, our target was only half the distance to the wall, but I think we did rather well. Even the guy in the adjacent lane congratulated us on how well we did for our first time.I guess we'll find out for sure next time. Oh yes. There will be a next time. For $27, you can shoot all day long (equipment included). Looking at bow prices, it's not a cheap sport, but this certainly makes it accessible for the casual archer.I'm definitely a fan of Pacific Archery, but they're getting the star bump for not caring about our expired Groupon. And really, where else provides this kind of experience?
5	Fun and competitive!Great place to go on a date or for a group activity. Welcoming and informative staff helps you with archery as a beginner or as a novice. There is a full pro shop on site the supplies all of your archery needs. It is located beside old Chinatown. $27 all day complete with equipment. Shoot awhile, eat lunch at Chinatown, go back and shoot again! Pros: friendly staff. Excellent equipment. Unique. Cheap place to take a date! ($20 groupon)Cons: noneI advise you have an open mind for an extensive fun atmosphere. Just sayin'
5	Liza B & I had purchased Groupons last year for 1-hour private archery lesson that included equipment rental for $19 that is normally $40. Of course we let it expire, to no surprise, but we were excited when we called & they said they would still honor it. This location is in an unassuming strip mall in Chinatown. Walking in I felt a bit intimidated, it was crowded and no one around the counters to check in, it seemed like a tournament was going on so we didn't want to interrupt. We were approached, apparently we looked lost, and out of place. I can't remember our instructors name, but she was the sweetest little thing, she gave us a quick run down of the rules, and instructions. When I stepped on the range I noticed all the taxidermied animals hanging above, I felt like I was in W. Virginia. She started us out with a 10 yard target, and to my surprise I hit 3 bullseyes! Beginners luck. My friend hit a couple too. Our instructor was very complimentary, she kept telling us we need to come back we were naturals. We thought it was funny. Anyways, this might me my new addcition, and it's conviniently located near some of the best food in town!
5	My hubby and I came here on a whim because we were interested in learning more about archery.  They were able to give us a lesson right then and there. $60 for both of us for an hr. Not bad. The staff is super friendly and the environment is chill. We are planning on going again very soon.  Definitely a great place for beginners!
5	Great teachers
3	Unlike other reviews, I can't imagine just walking into this place and saying "hey, I wanna shoot". To say the least, it is not very structured. They are nice folks, but it is family owned, so at any given moment people are walking behind the counters and you suddenly can't deciphered who is a staff and who is a customer.The shop is cramped and occasionally the instructors are not very focused. It is located in the oddest area (Chinatown) but that kind of offers some unique appeal and mystery - as if you know something special others don't. Overall I would give this shop 2 star, BUT I take my child here for JOAD (Junior Olympic Archery Development) and that gets 4 stars for its VALUE!  Now, in no way do I consider the instruction "Olympic worthy", so let's not kid ourselves. But, recreationally speaking, this place is great for kiddos to learn. It is $10 for a 1.5 hour session which includes rental equipment and a prize at the end (candy, soda) ...plus they score the kids each week and advance them in levels offering achievement pins. This is FAB for my family's lifestyle because it is an individual sport, no crazy "game" schedule on the weekends, it is affordable, and you can go as much or as little as you choose! So despite any chaos within the small facility, we are thankful that Pacific Archery exists and will continue to visit weekly!
5	Went here to shoot some archery! Or at least try. I've never shot before in my life, but the staff was very friendly and helpful, and didn't laugh at me when I shot over the target. Whoopsie!I never realized how fun archery is, or HARD. It takes a bit of practice to get the hang of it, but it's definitely cool! Not only can you shoot here, they also sell stuff. They have a vast selection of recurve and compound bows, and even do custom bows if you're into that fancy dancy precision stuff!The only down side is, you embarrass yourself when there's 8 year olds shooting better than you.Will probably be back to do some more shooting in the near future, and may even talk myself into getting a bow. Then I'll nickname myself Hawkeye once I get good enough to actually hit the target!
4	Came here with a groupon and my appt took me two months to schedule because they were always booked. So the date finally arrived and they were short staffed however we did get a good break down of the bow, arrow, and correct posture. Some of the students there ended up helping our instructor out with me and I had a great time..... although I wasn't that great hahaha I definitely think it is something worth trying at least once!
3	I was taken here as birthday surprise, and it was great to see it pulling up to it. Walked into the place and was kind of taken back by how small the place is compared to where I shoot in California. You can tell it is family owned as most Archery places are, but here you couldn't distinguish staff from patrons. At least get T-shirts made for the employees. We kind of stood around taking in the place and waiting to see if someone would acknowledge the fact that we were standing in the middle of the shop with vacant looks on our faces. Nope! Nothing at all. The man behind the counter was helping two visitors get ahold of a taxi that they called several times. Two young high school girls, turned out to be the employees and overseers of the class, were eating lunch. After the concluded they came to us and said hi and begin getting us prepped for the archery class from Groupon. Now mind you I've shot a Bow several times prior to this day, and was expecting to go through some safety instruction, warnings, anything. Nope didn't get any of that at all.Advanced and beginner alike all shoot on the small range. The high school kid that was assigned to us was very nice and pleasant. She also enjoys "FUN!!" but I wasn't used to/expecting someone to hoover over me while shooting. Like I said I've shot before and where I usually go they kind of just glide back and forth for question answering. I asked about the pricing out of curiosity...and they are a bit pricey for how small they are. I guess it is Vegas, but I'd think LA would be there as well. The place I shoot in LA is actually cheaper.I would recommend archery to anyone to try at least once, and this place can take care of that fix. I'm not too sure how they do lessons here, and I know they compete as HOYT seems to brand that is most boasted out of here.
4	Definitely a good time.  We saw a Groupon for archery lessons so we figured why not?  Kind of a shady part of town in Chinatown next to some not so reputable massage places, but once we got inside, it was a lot different.  The staff was friendly and the place was well kept.The girl who gave us lessons, Kattrina, was extremely friendly and easy to talk and laugh with.  Gave good instructions and now that I've taken lessons, I'm confident that if a Zombie Apocalypse happens, I have my bow and arrow and the Zombies stay still for a few seconds so I can aim at them, I can protect myself :)
5	Zoey is an awesome instructor. Fun thing to do when visiting LV.
5	I rate based on my probability to return: YES definitely.First time with Archery, I bought a group on for myself and my daughter,who is now 10. We thought we'd play hunger games lolFor $19 total, we both got a lesson in holding the bow, proper stance, positioning, and firing the arrow, plus what not to do. There is also Archery range etiquette that we learned, similar to a gun range, but not as strict.We got about an hour of firing time and it was awesome.They have specials for kids firing alone too.Can't wait to return!
5	My fiance and I purchased a groupon deal for an hour of archery lessons.  I have never shot a bow and arrow before so I was excited and a bit nervous at the same time.  Zoey was an awesome instructor!!  I'm hooked and will definitely be coming back.
5	I had been wanting to do archery for a while and I saw the deal on groupon. After buying the deal I tried calling but couldn't get through. I went on a Sunday around noon. I talked to the owner and he said he had appointments, but if those didn't show I was more than welcome to shoot.Two people didn't show so my friend and I got to join in. I was helped and taught by Zoey, hope that's how you spell her name. She was adorable, sweet, funny, and extremely helpful!!It was my birthday so she offered to take a few photos of us and I had a really great time. The range is a bit small, but you can't expect much more for an indoor range.Would most definitely go again!!
4	Came here on a whim. My friends and I wanted to do something "sporty" for a summer outing. Staff was friendly and very helpful. Katrina was the instructor who taught us the basics of archery. One of the other guys was humorous and mocked a tuscan raider.Despite wearing a arm guard, I got a welt and a lovely bruise.. But that was kind of a given since I am a novice and still learning the sport of archery.I like the decor and it found it interesting how much people spend on sports equipment. I had a blast at this place with my friends. So I may be coming back...
5	Love this place! Everyone is so knowledgeable and friendly, also very helpful.  The only possible negative thing to say is you have to be patient.  Sometimes things can be time consuming, however the service and quality is second to none.  Will be frequenting this business, defiantly recommend them for all skill levels of Archery.
5	Gabe was incredibly helpful and generous! We walked in and were able to immediately fit into a no-show's appointment. Gabe offered to and took pictures of us shooting our arrows and sent them to my email address. When they didn't come through, I called him back, he remembered me, and he sent them again almost immediately! Gabe was very knowledgeable and helpful, even with a full store of archers. It was an incredibly fun experience!
5	Took Archery for a whole semester in college, came here still feels like a noob.. Apparently I have super extended elbow, Gf and I did the lesson deal on Groupon, $35 for a lesson for 2... It was fun, much cheaper first time experience than shooting guns.. (not really my first time) The staff were super friendly.. She was the one who suggested me to buy the Groupon.. :-D
5	I decided I wanted to try out archery for the first time so I got the lesson deal from Groupon. I had Zoey as my instructor, and yes, as many of the other reviews suggest, Zoey is awesome. I had a great time so no complaints here. I'll definitely be going back.
5	I've been trying to get into archery for years now and have found myself going back to Bass Pro Shops.  Each time I've tried this corporate giant I have been treated like a number and the customer service was horrid.  Lucky for yelp I found this place, Pacific Archery.  The man who answered the phone was very helpful and I ended up going to the shop.  Yes it may be a little disorganized but what mom and pop shop is perfect.  They had everything I needed and wanted.  I am a left handed shooter of which I didn't know until I was helped at the shop.  I've only shot right handed and never had the best shots until I was setup with a nice Matthews Creed XS Left handed bow.  To my amazement I dropped 6 arrows into the center of the target at 20 yards.  Now I'm hooked.  Thank you Pacific Archery for the new hobby!
5	All crossbow users come here NOW!!!!This is one of the only ranges in Vegas that allow the use of crossbows! Bass Pro and Clark County Shooting Range told me "Hell no!" And GTFO! They even sell a $1,000 hunting crossbow that does not have a cocking stirrup (step on the limb prod and lock and load!). Very decent traditional bows too for sale! I strongly prefer recurves over compound and I will be taking those archery classes to master both Xbows and traditional recurves (I'm a survivalist nutso).Cons, the farthest target is 20 yards and only indoors! I am looking for a outdoors 50 to 100 yard range (my lousy newbie rig only puts just over 41 foot pounds of force, within the range of intermediate traditional recurves). But I plan to get a 120+ LBE once I master the basics of novice archery. PLEASE MESSAGE ME if you find out of one, also please let me know if there is a Army or National Guard Ordnance Range that I can test out a Bow-Mag loaded with .38 Incendiary shells. Lmk about prices for rent and disposable targets if you find a willing redneck please!!!!
5	Pacific Archery was awesome! Gabe, the storeowner, was extremely accommodating to us and was very hands on with his teaching. He threw in some humor to make us feel more relaxed and was kind enough to let us try different kinds of bows and even a crossbow! Granted, it was a far less busier time he says he typically has, it just goes to show his hospitality towards his guests.  Shooting was very fun and the time flew quickly because my GF and I had a lot of fun competing with each other. Gabe hovers here and there to fine tune your posture.   I definitely recommend this to everyone not just because of how fun it was but because of how awesome Gabe is as a person and his attention to customer service!
5	I love this place! I almost thought what I wanted to do (horse back archery) was a little nuts, but they didn't they just found me the right bow for it.  Every time I go in to practice they treat me great.
5	Came here for a private lesson for two with my boyfriend. I was a little concerned that the place would be packed with macho guys that would make me even more hesitant to confess that I had minimal archery skills..but the instructors Gabe and Jessica were so nice and helpful. We will definitely be back!
5	Just had a one hour private lesson for two and it went great! Gabe and Jessica were both very friendly and accommodating. Gabe went through all of the basics including the parts of the bow, range etiquette and proper stance/form. Both him and Jessica gave friendly criticism when we needed it but were hands off while we shot. Great prices for range time for those that dont have their own equipment. I will definitely be going back!
5	I went to Pacific Archery for a lesson with my better half as a three year anniversary date and we were not disappointed. Jessica, our instructor, really knew how to gently ease us into the world of archery and left us feeling confident in ourselves and with the equipment. I've already recommended this range to anyone and everyone I know interested in archery. We will definitely be coming back again soon!
5	I was visiting my father here in Vegas from California and needed some new arrows. Jacob and the rest of the staff were very professional, helpful and friendly! The arrows I got were better in quality than the ones I bought from California and they were less expensive here! Great place, nice range and so many cool selections.
5	This is a great place for beginners or experienced archers. They have a large inventory of Bows and supplies. I even saw a fishing reel for Bow fishing. My 11 year old son enjoyed his first lesson and is planning on weekly practice.
5	Fun, safe day at the range. Customer service is outstanding, we came in to shot on the range. One of the staff members looked at our equipment and asked to check it out the next thing I know he's tuning us up. thanks guys
5	Went To Shoot On The Range One Day, It Was A Great Experience For A First Time On A Range. The Customer Service Was Excellent.
5	Five stars is NOT ENOUGH! It should be more like 20 stars! My daughter, Lauren just started shooting here with their JOAD program, and words cannot describe how much she LOVES it!They have been so kind to us in getting her started, encouraging her and offering her advice. Her shooting, accuracy and skill level and confidence have all improved in the short time she's been going. We cannot recommend them enough! What a wonderful place to shoot, learn and grow as an archer!!
5	I took my niece, sister and good friend for a group lesson to celebrate a couple of birthdays.  We had a blast.  Jessica was our instructor.  She was a calming influence and very helpful.  My sister was afraid to try and her first shot a BULLS EYE!!!
5	#1 Archery store and range in Las Vegas. Place is great for all ages and all levels of skill. Customer service is excellent. Owner as well as employees are super knowledgable and always there to help. Prices are very cheap. Possibly the best quality I enjoy is that this store has soo many well-qualified archery instructors which makes it very easy for noobies like myself to learn archery and have a good time. I have been doing archery for 1 year now and i bring friends, families, and even dates to this fun inexpensive archery range and it never fails to offer a good time and new experiences. -woo
5	I requested a set of 40# Samick Sage limbs over the phone to be placed on hold for pick-up/in-store purchase. Jessica helped me with my phone request, she was very nice and has awesome customer service. I showed up on a Friday afternoon, and the shop was SUPER busy...dispite the crowd, Gabe was the man who helped me out with my purchase. The 40# limbs were far more affordable than I could find locally in Orange County, CA and even online! His actions showed that he really appreciates helping customers with their archery needs. That is a rare trait that most other shops should model their customer service standards after. I admired the shop as it has a lot to offer including the well kept indoor range, knowledgable staff, and friendly local archers that are likely to share a lane if you're bare shaft testing a few arrows... Pacific Archery is literally a one stop shop for archers and future archers to go. I highly recommend this place if you're looking for alternative things to do in Las Vegas. Pacific Archery is a fun place for all ages. I wish I had more time to practice on their range, but there will always be a next time. Thanks for your consideration... and thanks to everyone at Pacific Archey: Jessica, Gabe, and Katrina!!! Well done guys! Very Respectfully,Gene V.
5	This place is great and the staff is awesome!It's small, but seems to have everything you would need to shoot.  I came with some friends and we got a group discount. Both of the ladies who were our instructors were super nice.   I even spoke with the owner when I first came in, and he was great too!!!After a short demo, the ladies stayed and watched all of us shooting to continue to give tips for improvement. I really enjoyed this place and the people and will be back for more fun down the road.
5	I can officially check archery off my things to try list. I'm pretty happy with my experience.It's indoors, so if it's hot or cold, it doesn't make a difference! It really works for vegas because it's all about the extreme weather here. My friend and I purchased a groupon for 19. The groupon included lane and equipment rental along with a lesson for an hour. When I was watching people do archery, I slightly started to regret my decision because it looked hard. Once I tried it I was extremely happy I gave it a go. Our instructor was very informative and paid attention to everything we did to make sure we did it right. After a couple of observations she let us do our own thing for a little and stepped back, channeling our inner Katniss. Although, it seemed we knew what we were doing the instructor continued to watch to make sure we didn't get sloppy and hurt ourselves. There's a after groupon deal for 20 for an hour lesson in case y'all want to make sure you really know what you're doing. It's $13 to rent a lane with equipment for an hour. Just give them a ring and make sure there's room that day! If by any chance you're a pro at archery and you have your own gear, you can just pay a flat rate for the whole day!
5	This place is amazing,  they will take time to walk you through ever step. I can't say enough good this about the staff.
4	We took a lesson here with some friends. Jessica walked everyone through the basics of shooting a recurve bow without ever being rude or patronizing, which was awesome. She made the whole experience super comfortable and low-stress.Best part: if you've ever done this before, you'll know that the quickest way to mess up your shot is to have someone point out something you're doing wrong. Then you start over-thinking things, and then you miss. Somehow, Jessica managed to point out our flaws without turning it into a big stressful thing.The range is tight quarters; you'll be standing quite close to other folks. That can get distracting. Other than that, zero complaints. A great experience. We'll be back.
5	A great place with the best people who go above and beyond to serve and assist you. I would definitely recommend it to anyone. Whether you just wish to try archery out for the first time, make it a hobby, or if it's a serious interest, or sport you're already involved in. This is the perfect place to go.
5	My wife got me a recurve bow and some gear as an early Christmas present, and I brought it in to Pacific to have it set up. Gabe helped me install a nocking point and an arrow rest, then worked with me to get arrows that fit my bow and my draw length. He also did some little things, like grease the takedown bolts so they wouldn't squeak anymore (which was driving me nuts) and show me how to store my bow string so it wouldn't untwist. He did all of this for a bow that was purchased from somewhere else. These folks are really fantastic, and it's clear that their first priority is that everyone have a good time. I think they would rather not sell you something than have you buy the wrong thing just because they have it in stock.I've been back at least once a week since my last review and I intend to keep coming back as often as I can.
5	We went for the first time yesterday and had such a positive and informative experience we came back the next day for more. Everyone is very nice and the atmosphere makes you feel like you're hanging out with a bunch of friends. Time on the range is well priced with equipment included. We're gonna be regulars now and recommend to all we know, we're addicted! Thanks pacific archery!
5	My daughter got a groupon for her birthday this year to try archery (she just turned 7). From the moment we stepped through the door we were greeted by smiles and welcomes. She fell in love with the sport and every chance we get we take her down to practice. Not only do they make you feel comfortable and like family but they take time to make sure she's using good form and make her feel good about herself even if she misses and gets down on herself. Gabe and his staff are top notch and everyone I come across who's interested in archery gets referred to them because I know they'll get nothing but 5 star treatment. We love you guys! Sasha and shakira :-)
5	I tried this place about 6 months ago with a yelp deal with some friends.  And the employees they had were awesome and very knowledgeable.  They were great teachers and always gave great feedback on your form. In fact I loved it so much that I ended up buying my own set of arrows and bow to continue shooting. :)  I've been there a few more times since and always great service with a great sense of humor.  Awesome!  Can't wait to go back and shoot some more.  :)
5	My boyfriend and I have been here multiple times and have never been disappointed. The people are all extremely nice and help in every way possible. People always offer advice and the workers are not over bearing with breathing down your back. We own our own bows but if you don't, I advise getting one of the groupons. The $14 for 2 hours of range space and recurve rentals is an amazing deal and many of our family members have used it. Stop by, you won't be disappointed!
