4	Jasons Deli for a meal? Don't order anything with tomato in it. Yes now I remember about the tomato salmonella; but they will let you order anything and not remind you they're no tomatoes. How about a BLT with no tomato? That's one dry sandwich! They made it right but not until I had to complain.
4	This was my1st time @ Jason's Deli - ever. . . How could I have gone through life for so long w/out trying this place?? My bf says he tried to take me when we lived in Albuquerque but if it didnt serve alcohol he thought I wouldnt want to go?? hmmm.. that was back in my partying days so i'll dismiss it. Anyway, I had 1/4 muffaletta - I orig. ordered the 1/2 but the cashier was like... um. I order th 1/4 and its very filling.. ill take that as a compliment that he thought I was too small or finicky to finish a 1/2.. I like that.. this place is a winner already! He was right the 1/4 was perfect.. came with side of ruffles w/ ridges potatoe chips.. and sliver of kosher deli pickle. - so good together. the sandwhich was exactly how i pictured it. the ham & salami coupled with the olive tepanade..oooh with the crunchy yet soft inner bread. I'd def order that again. It also came with a cup of soup. They had about a dozen or so to chose from.. You'd have thought I was @ sweet tomatoes or something! I went w/ the Poblano Corn Chowder. so good - perfect actually and my bf said he was officially addicted to it. :) Other chose included: Texas chili, chicken chili, broc. cheese, Tomato & basil, Fire Roasted Tortilla Soup, veggie, and others i cant remember. My bf ordered the chicago.. good but small for his palate. please note we had just come from the gym and it was a weight training day =- we were there for about an hr 1/2.... so he was starving!. Perfect for a girl but a lil light for a grown man. I left my chips and shared my deli. soup. If i were to go again I'd order the salad bar and it was a beautiful fresh looking spread - also including desserts - mini muffins, etc. they even had cottage cheese.. take that sweet tomatoes!  - - ooh and my fav = frozen yogurt.. Cant' have a salad bar w/ out it. Its a must try.
1	Big Joe featured sandwich should be called "little Joe". Dont order takeout soup. Leaked all over. Biggest disappointment is that I received a call from a customer service rep apologizing and said they would send a gift card but I have never received it. Do not promise something and don't do it. It makes the experience worse
5	The Bird to the wise was delicious.. Carnevours- it's a MEAT loving sandwich GOODNESS full of pastrami and tk.. DeLiCiouS.. I did have a side salad as well, Salad bar was awesome, full of organics.
4	Love Jason's.  I am huge on soup, salad and sandwiches, so they got me right from the get go!  Their chicken pot pit soup is so flavorful!  And, I don't even like chicken pot pie as a rule of thumb.  Free ice cream = an added bonus.  Their baked potatoes are enormous.  Favorite sandwich so far is the chicago club.  Salad bar is decent too.
4	Great food and FREE ICECREAM!
4	This Jason's Deli used to be closer to our house.  Then all of sudden it moved.  My wife and I like Jason's deli that we make the longer trip to the new location.  The salad bar is the best.  We usually get the manager's special and try different sandwiches every time we go.  I really like the the chicago sandwich and my wife gets the reuben.  This place is great!
4	Anyone who has a major food allergy can understand and appreciate any restaurant that takes care in making your food with your allergies in mind and does not make you feel like you're a hassle for having an allergy. Welcome to Jason's Deli, a restaurant that does both and is delicious!Since I am gluten free, I find myself having to cook my own food constantly throughout the week, and I find myself yearning for the days when I could just drive up to a window and get something inexpensive and moderately healthy (or horrible) for my body within 1 minute. After finding Jason's Deli listed in the Celiac Directory in LV, I immediately went online and saw "GLUTEN FREE BREAD" in big, bold letters. JOY.I was a bit weary at first because gluten free bread can be awful. Sometimes GF bread is dense, tasteless, pasty or dry, but Jason's bread is DELICIOUS. It tastes like normal bread - nobody would know the difference between regular and gluten bread if you didn't tell them. Their meats and ingredients are processed as little as possible and every single ingredient was fresh, not browned or wilted and just made my tummy sing. I purchased their GF smoked turkey sandwich with smoked red pepper and chili aioli, spinach, purple onion strings and tomatoes. Since I got the sandwich to-go, they even put the tomatoes in a plastic container separate from the sandwich so there would be no sogginess when I dug into the meal back at the office.The turkey wasn't slimey, spinach was fresh, onions were nice and crisp and without that overwhelming red onion smell and that aioli added just the right taste to the sandwich without being too heavy and overpowering. The sandwich came with a bag of Baked Lays, but there were options for fruit, hummus and even guacamole and chips. I wasn't in a soup mood, but they do have a GF tortilla soup. Also, if you look on their website you can view all of the allergen information which makes me feel much more comfortable when eating out.The restaurant is clean, service was very friendly and online order pickup was quick, easy and just what I needed it to be! I will DEFINITELY go here all the time for lunch and dinner - thank you for giving us GF people back our [healthy] fast food!
4	A good solid place for lunch. The pastrami sand is massive but the light club is always tasty too. Plus free yogurt is always a selling point mmmmm im fat
2	It's been a long time since I've been here.  I will have to edit this once I figure out what I ordered, I can't remember what it is at this time. But I didnt like it!!!!! I should have ordered what my husband got was the pastrami, it was huge!  looked just like the picture!
5	Kids eat free on Mondays between 4:30 to close.  Food is great.  Kids meals are awesome and healthy.  Love this place!!!
5	Much better than Panera, for about the same price.  Food is sooo fresh, they have salad bar, free ice cream.  Soups are amazing, great variety of sandwiches.
2	How hard is it to fix a veggie Muffaletta? Obviously its harder than I thought. 2x they messed up my order...not good. Compared to Jason's Deli locations in other states, this one in Henderson just doesn't seem to be up to snuff. With so many other choices of places to eat within a 5 min drive, you can do better by going elsewhere.
4	My friend and I came in here a couple of times on a work trip because our work wasnt providing us breakfast those days. I am usually pretty skeptical of delis because they always get my order wrong and argue with me when I ask for no mayonnaise, and will always put the pickle on my plate or in my sandwich even though I specifically ask them not to.But I actually had a good experience here. I ordered the salmon sandwich with a side of fruit. The fruit was fresh and the sandwich was pretty good. The salmon could have been a better cut since it tasted more like rainbow trout than salmon (if you havnt ever had rainbow trout, basically it kind of tastes like dirt), but it was still pretty good. I got them to substitute the aioli for hummus which made for a better spread. I am sure they have a great menu for people who do not discriminate what they eat (I being vegetarian/pescatarian), so most of their menu consists of meat items. But my friend enjoyed his order the first time around, and then got what I got the second time around. If Im ever back in that part of town again I'll try something else and update my review. But Im pretty sure that everyone can find something they like here. They seem to have good quality products and a decent variety of items on the menu.
4	About 1 year ago we were very frustrated when our orders had simple issues and the delivery server who brought the items to your table didn't speak any English.  So how are they suppose to correct the mistake when they don't understand.  So over the past year we have noticed that there are new people and different managers working.  Also the employees who deliver your meal to your table can speak English.  Bonus is that they are getting our order correct 99% of the time now.
2	I have been to various Jason's Deli locations throughout the U.S., and they just never seem to satisfy.  Most of the time, they mess up my order.  I can only recall one time when I've escaped Jason's Deli without some kind of incident or mistake.  And what's the deal with the gazillion tables in this place???  Plus one star for the graham crackers you can find on the salad bar.  Their graham crackers kick butt.  I don't know what they do to them, but they're better than any other I've had.  It's everything I can do not to stuff my purse full of graham crackers and live off them for a few weeks.  Seriously.  Try the graham crackers.  Really... try them.  Really.  I mean it.
4	I've dined at Jason's Deli a handful of times. In my dining experience, I'm becoming more fond of local eateries, less fond of chain restaurants. I do have to say, Jason's Deli has been dependable when I've gone there for a meal. I've never ordered their salad bar, but I've eaten their turkey and spinach/veggie wraps, nutty mixed-up salad, which I love, pastrami sandwich, and their muffalettas. I think of coming here when I want a decent healthy meal, so I appreciate the light portions and the nutritional info they provide for most of their items. Plus, the kids menu is great for my son and their prices are definitely affordable.I've read a handful of reviews of how they mess up on customers' orders. Perhaps I've had good experiences with them to have that not happen yet. Their employees have been friendly and I do notice them continually cleaning, keeping things tidy. I even recall once when my son spilled his juice, they were still very polite and took care of it immediately. I sense that there's many delis out there that are amazing, which I'm sure I haven't tried. I do enjoy Jason's, yet I feel they don't give me the "wow" feeling that other places do when I think of eating there. However, they are dependable, convenient, and deliver what I need. Think I'll try one of their huge baked potatoes next time...
5	Oh my goodness, the salmon-wich is fabulous!  Awesome smoked salmon with amazing avocado dressing and scrumptious bread.   Amazing!!
4	Out in Hendertucky, and you knew I needed to stop by this place. Too bad the ice cream is out of order!!! Ugh. Well, maybe a good thing. I need to eat less ice cream. However, the bonus was everything is always fresh and made exact to order. They have tons of options and everyone is absolutely friendly every time i come out.
5	The Reuben sandwich is delicious. I order that each time I go.  The sergeant pepper beef sandwich with auju sauce is an excellent sandwich as well. The bread is always fresh and tasty. Great service and clean atmosphere. A go to deli for me.
4	Jason's offers a nice variety of healthy or not the healthiest of selections. Nothing like options. I jump around their menu and haven't had anything bad yet. My favorites are the Rueben, a few of the club sandwiches and of coarse the broccoli cheese soup. If you want a some soup and sandwich go with the Managers Special. Half a sandwich and a cup of soup, the best of both worlds. Don't forget the complimentary self serve ice cream.
4	I love,love,love this place. They have organic and gluten free items. The all you can eat salad bar is my favorite. The Salmon Sandwich on gluten free bread is incredible and hits the hunger spot. I love that they are a true healthy restaurant. The staff is usually always friendly. I knew someone who worked for Jasons deli for a long time and I can attest that they take pride in making their customers happy, and the place extremely clean. I wish the environment was a little more welcoming and cozy, but since the food is delicious and at the right price, Ill let the environmental feel slide.
4	I'm a fan because i can go to the salad bar for 8$ and my man can get a big sandwich just the way he wants it too.. Great deal, fresh and not expensive at all... Their salad bar is always fresh and organic is a plus!!! :DAnd another plus : i think it's the first place i went to that offer 2 sizes of portion but not "normal or XLarge" but "normal or light"!! and that is definitely a great step!!! ;)
3	All you can eat salad.  But I like my own dressing....there ranch. Just isn't right.
2	I came to this location for a take out order (been here before maybe twice) and wanted to have the Zucchini garden pasta. The order says that it comes with zucchini, artichokes and spinach. I asked them to add the mushrooms and their signature tomato basil soup/sauce on it as it is pretty good. However, came home to discover that the dish came with just the bowtie pasta and zucchini with a whole lot of pasta sauce!! I did not pay so much for that dish to have just pasta+sauce and no veggies as advertised. Could go across the street to have some real Italian! Will not visit this location again!
4	Our team came here in between games for a local tournament. I know how hard it is to accommodate such a large group and they did it with ease!Nothing we ordered was anything less than delicious. I ordered the Chicken Club Wrapini and was very surprised at how good it was.  I would order the fresh fruit as the side because nothing else seemed to go along with the meal. This location was very large and excellent for groups as well as a delicious and fresh salad bar was perfect to help yourself if you didn't want to wait. There are a lot of great and easy places around but it was my first time at Jason's and I am glad I branched out and tried something new.
4	This is going to sound so random, but I so love the complimentary Ginger Bread muffin they offer in the salad bar. I've yet to have it anywhere else.
5	I'm not sure why I haven't Yelped here before - I would most likely have more than 50 check-ins in the past year or so.  I suppose YELP doesn't come to mind when I am too busy thinking about the Jason's Deli menu and what I will be having for the next meal.  But from now on, I will strive to give one of my favorite places the stars they deserve.This week my family ate at Jason's (again) and enjoyed every item we had.  One of my favorites is the Ranchero Wrap with a side cup of either Texas Chili (served with no beans) or the Seafood Gumbo.  The Manager's Special of half-sandwich and half-soup is our go-to meal.  The Ranchero Wrap is also served with chips and salsa.My hubby is in LOVE with Jason's baked potatoes.  He never fails to fall into the trap of the giant Pollo Mexicano served with chicken and jalepenos and cheese.  They have the BIGGEST baked potatoes in town!For litte ones, Jason's Deli is the perfect place.  Their combination of healthy kids meals is one of the best in town too.  Ours usually enjoys turkey sandwich with fruit and milk.  And who can complain about a place that serves free soft-serve for all???  Not us!  That little bitty ice cream cone at the end of the meal is a perfect top-off!  We have come to really enjoy this location and the staff have been super nice and wonderful.  The service is great.  Never a bad experience.
5	Jasons Deli is delicious! The sandwiches are fantastic as is the soup and the service was excellent! Very fast! Definitely would go to again!
3	I've never been to the store but since they have a website that's pretty easy to navigate and customer friendly I thought I would try it. Prices seemed reasonable enough so I placed an order, paid with my cc, and requested delivery between 6 and 6:30. The driver arrived really early, I wasn't even home from work yet. My husband answered the door and was told he had to pay cash since the order was placed on my cc and I was not yet there. I called the store and Kimberly said she was refunding my online payment since she had just spoke with the driver. The food was put together as ordered. It was ok...but nothing great. It could have been a better experience if the delivery had not been too early. I have yet to see the refund in my bank account.
5	Jason's is awesome!  My husband and I tried this place for the first time for lunch the other day and we both walked away full and happy!  I can't wait to go back and try the yummy looking salad bar or one of their many daily soups or delicious sounding potatoes or just get another Ranchero Wrap! (loved the blue corn tortilla chips and fresh salsa too)*Super fresh ingredients and generous portions*Awesome service without trying too hard*Great menu - there's something for EVERYONE here*FREE ice cream!*Convenient location, easy to get in and out, large, open dining room
5	This is one of my favorite places-I eat here all the time and leave happy, full and feeling  like I ate healthy! Love the Amy Turkey-O sandwich as well as the Organic Vegetarian Vegetable soup which is one of the best soups I have ever had-vegetarian or otherwise!
4	Always loved Jason's Deli. Been visiting since 2001, frequenting the location in Summerlin in Boca Park. They never let me down with the selection of vegetarian meals.This location is pretty nice. Love coming here for lunch. The Zucchini Grillini and Spinach Veggie Wraps are my go to meals. Always a great experience. The staff here is great and I love that they come to your table with your food and come to pick up your plates afterwards. Note, this is like a sit down restaurant experience outside of having to stand in line to order. So, I try and leave a tip at the table when possible for the table service. Also love the option of a free ice cream cone after lunch, if you so desire. I recommend this location. Great sandwiches and great service. Thumbs up from this guy!
2	We've been coming to and enjoying this Jason's Deli for many years. They must have changed hands recently with new owners or something because the quality of both the food and the service have gone downhill in a major way. The staff has major attitude and the food is simply not up to par. So sad...another good business down the tubes. Completely unejoyable. Probably won't be coming back here anymore.
4	It was my first time there and I will defiantly go back. Everyone that works there are very nice and super helpful. They gave everyone at my table a box of cookies because they made too many. The salad bar has a good variety and is fresh. I added a cup of tomato basil soup for just 99 cents. They also have free ice cream!
4	For me, Jason's Deli is a solid Las Vegas stand-by. It's probably the only "go to the counter and order" establishment that I'm really comfortable with. The staff is always friendly and helpful and this time around the manager helped us with the menu. I love this place. Walk in the door, file through the line, order your food, get a number,  go to your seat, delivery. Soups, salads, a full salad bar, sandwiches. Yeah. This is it.I was going to go with something simple here, like the salad bar, but after a long day and just discovering that our flight is delayed 2 hours, I decided on something better than just a salad, but the all you can eat salad bar would have been awesome. Where can you get an all you can eat salad bar these days for $7.59? I knew we were going to be hanging out for awhile so I got what I wanted. One thing I really hate though is when the online menu doesn't reflect the current menu at the store.Anyway, all that aside, I love the place and I loved my wild salmon sandwich on gluten-free bread. The bread was actually pretty good and managed to stay in one piece. The salmon was generous in portion and made this sammy worth every penny.I've been in 2 Jason's Delis and they have a great well thought out floor plan here. It's cavernous with plenty of seating, though they could stand for more booths. The only ones I could see are by the windows but no matter. There were plenty available. If I were still living in Las Vegas/Green Valley, I would be a regular here, no doubt.
2	So I've been here twice now, the other time being around three or four months ago. Each time I've gone in here, I get the turkey wrap, which is pretty good. I don't find that they skimp too, too much. My only complaint, and why they're getting two stars from me is for the atmosphere. As other yelpers have said, there is a ton of tables in there! Some clean, some dirty. Booths are rickety and could seriously use some attention other than just being wiped down. The worst, worst thing of all is that (I don't know if it's just me) but each one of the two times I've gone in there, it smells so, so badly of bad odor. Just armpit stank all up in your nostrils. Trust me, I know the difference between onion and food smells and bodily fumes. This location has some seriously unpleasant aromas going on, and I'd definitely want to know what's up with that and hope they fix it if I decide on going there sometime in the future.
2	Called up for take out and ordered a Sgt. Pepper.  Was told they no longer had peppers and onions so that sandwich was off the menu.  For that reason my rating went down to 2 stars.
5	Hands down for the zucchini sandwich! It's beyond delicious! I ordered with seasonal fruits and it came with a tasty vanilla yogurt dip! Loved it!
4	I love the sandwiches here at Jason's Deli. Great service, cool atmosphere, helpful and nice employees.  I really enjoy the croissant club . It is my favorite sub. it has guacamole on it. that rocks. also great tomato soup. It's the best.
5	First stumble on the joint when I was looking for restaurants on Yelp. We came in almost closing time and they were nice enough to take our orders of dine in. So I was help by the manager of Jason deli(forgot his name) but from San Diego said his name tag I ordered a wild salmon sandwich and chicken Alfredo and they were awsome. They also gave us free ice cream. Anyway the staffs was so nice and pleasant although it's past closing time, i'lll definitely be back here again. Thank you Jason Deli ' staffs for an awesome experience at your service.
4	Excellent broccoli cheese soup!  Recommend the salmon sandwich too.  The salad bar had a lot of different items on it, but was missing some of the standards, i.e. black olives.  But still worth the trip and I would go back here again.
5	I love this place! It is my family's favorite place to eat. The Salad bar is excellent and organic and their sandwiches are amazing.  My favorite sandwich is the muffaletta. It's a friendly atmosphere and everything is clean and orderly. For such quality food the price is very reasonable and to top it of they offer free ice cream for all.
4	Good for half sandwich and soup deals here. I love the pastrami sandwich here. French onion soup is delicious and they have a full salad bar too.
5	Thoroughly impressed with Jason's deli! Actually ended up there because the place we were trying to go to across the way had closed down. So glad we got to eat here instead!  Different feeling for a deli here. Family friendly environment without screaming children or the greasy stench of fast food!  I ordered the half sandwich and soup. The club royale was huge and I could hardly finish it! Being from Louisiana, I was very critical of the spicy seafood gumbo going in but it really passed the test! There wasn't much "seafood" in it, more like a few small shrimp but it had a great consistency and was spicy enough that it was burning this southern girls mouth!  All the food tasted very fresh - I didn't feel like I was at subway or the like. The service was good - had a couple of people stop by the table and check on us.  To top it all off - you apparently get a little cone of ice cream free with any meal purchase! Who can beat that?  Over all terrific experience! Left very full and happy - will absolutely be back and will be recommending Jason's Deli!
4	I always enjoy going here especially when I'm in the mood eat healthy. I really like the salad bar because they keep all the veggies and toppings fresh. The casual atmosphere and the large space makes me feel comfortable and relaxed to eat at my own pace. I must say this is a go to spot for a laid-back lunch or early dinner!
4	Jason's Deli never disappoints..One of my go-to's when choosing a place to eat for lunch!Items I choose are : Soups - Tortilla Soup, Broccoli Cheddar or Tomato BasilSandwiches - Tuna Melt, Reuben, Beefeater (roast beef on French bread to be dipped in a cup of au jus), or Wild Salmon-wichPasta - Zucchine Garden PastaMixed Fruit - served with their creamy, fruit dipThey do a half-half deal.. Half sandwich & cup of soup OR half sandwich with side salad! And they also do a build-your-own sandwich! Most of the menu items come with a side of chips and/or fruit! Good price for quality and quantity you get!
4	On my way home from work on those days when I need to pick up dinner, my mind immediately takes me to Jason's Deli.  Their food is high quality and fresh; not fast food or greasy burgers.  Their menu offers many different options from homemade soups; pastas (such as Chicken Alfredo or Penne Pasta with Meatballs); assorted salads; Po'boy sandwiches or build your own sandwich with your choice of meats, breads, various cheeses and extras such as avocado slices and oven roasted herb tomatoes, organic field greens, and organic spinach, all on a build your own sandwich of your own choosing.  They also have "Favorite" sandwiches.  My favorite by far is the Beefeater Sandwich (roast beef on French bread) with cup of au jus or the Club Royale - Delicious!  By the way, don't forget the extensive and wide variety Salad Bar -- not to be missed!
4	Jason's Deli is a reliable option when I'm looking for a quick, fairly healthy, no-fuss lunch. There's a great menu, including a variety of sandwiches, wraps, soups, salads, and their fresh, fully stocked salad bar. And you can customize these items as well - sandwich and soup, half sandwich and salad, etc. One of my favorites there is the Mediterranean wrap and I love that I can get a side of steamed veggies.The service is quick and friendly and the prices are fair. The dining room is huge with plenty of tables and booths.  Added bonus (which I try not to take advantage of too often, LOL): Free (yep, you read right, FREE) ice cream.  I'll keep coming back for a reliably delicious lunch!
5	Love this place! Me & my family of 4 can all eat for $20! That's cheaper than fast food!!! And they have pretty healthy food . Me & my boys also have celiac's disease & they are really good with not cross contaminating & have a couple things to choose from that are gluten free.
1	Good atmosphere but the California club sandwich was smothered in mayo to the point where it was inedible. My girlfriend got the ranch wrap and said it tasted like cardboard and she will eat anything. No Bueno.
5	Had a group of 15, most had never been here.  They wait staff was helpful and set up a table for us as soon as we walked in.  The food was great!  I would recommend any of it.  The food came out all at once.  Will definitely come here again next time I'm in the Vegas area.  The beefeater, Cuban and Reuben were just a few of the things we ordered.
4	Tonight while looking for somewhere to have dinner my boyfriend and I ended up at a crossroads. We pulled into a strip mall on Warm Springs across from sunset station and found ourselves stuck btwn 3 delicious options; Napoli pizza, The Great Greek or Jason's Deli. Knowing if we went to Napolis I would  eat wayyy to much greasy pizza and hate myself after, and having had Greek food the night before we settled with Jason's. It was almost 830 by the time we got inside and noticed they closed at 9. The employees were friendly and didn't seem bothered by our late arrival. My bf decided on the beefeater sandwich which is essentially a French dip, and I the salad bar. The nice cashier who rang us up gave us soft drinks for free. +1 star for that. The salad bar looked fresh and clean. The veggies were crisp and the dressings tasted homemade. Besides your standard salad bar offerings they also had a few potato salads, pasta salad and puddings. As well as various mini muffins, crackers and bread. They also have soft serve ice cream for dessert. I got to have a bite of the beefeater and it was good. It came piled high with lots of roast beef, melty cheese and a side of au jus. It was nothing special but it was definitely a big filling sandwich for around $8.50. Good service good food good price. I'll be back.
4	Good Food, Clean place my kids love it
4	Had to have my hot pastrami today with some fresh spinach inside. Also had the fresh fruit with the half a sandwich. Very filling and with a a beverage lunch was quite expensive for this day an age for $11.11 for my meal.  It was yummy as always.
5	I love this place! I admit I always get the same thing but this location has never let me down-the food is always great  and the people are always beyond polite. Whether it has been to go or we eat there they're always fast and the place is always clean.
4	Good job Jason!  Your deli is great!Jason's Deli is a good national deli chain.  I've been to several other locations and this specific location did not disappoint.  Located off of Warm Springs, it's easy to find with plenty of parking available.  They have a huge dining area.  So much seating that it would be hard to imagine not finding a table.  The dining area is very spacious and very clean.   If you haven't been here before, they have many soup varieties as well as sandwich options. I just have to point out the Broccoli Cheddar soup is delicious! They also have pasta salads, fruit and a salad bar to choose from!  Complimentary mini muffins and crackers are on the salad bar for everyone even if you didn't necessarily purchase the bar.  OH...   and complimentary ice cream too.  Hooray! Service here has been great.   Everyone from the cashier to the people who bring out your food are smiling and happy.   Jason's Deli is just another good place to eat!
5	They deliver! It's so hard to find healthy food that delivers and the food is amazing! I got the turkey california club and it was sooooo good. Try this place if you haven't, it won't disappoint!
5	I have been looking for a healthy restaurant as I am working out... and wanting to trim a few more pounds... and so.. decided to check out Jason's Deli.  I was delighted to experience the atmosphere.... it is a classy, walk up and order style deli, with a large room, not a lot of people, hip music.... friendly staff....  my Salad Bar, bowl of French Onion Soup, and Nantucket Nectars Pomegranate Cherry 16 oz Juice came to about $12.62.   I could have gone to any other restaurant, but the quality of the food, the freshness, the variety etc. made this a good choice and much healthier...!  Will definitely come back!
5	My girlfriend has an allergy to gluten. And this place is heaven. Gluten free bread for the sandwiches. Gluten free croutons for the salad. And the service is amazing. Everyone is helpful,  smiling, and best of all... proactive.  When my soda choice was out, I was standing there trying to decide my 2nd choice. A young man came up to me and asked if I needed anything. I wasn't even disappointed that they didn't have it, but he speed what he was doing and went and fixed the soda. Excellent service. Wish the managers that train this staff would show how they do it.
4	Need a quick deli fix?  Then try Jason's!  It may be a chain, but it still serves up some great deli eats.  I now have a new favorite.  I used to just order one of three of Jason's Deli menu items - All-You-Can-Eat Salad Bar (so much better than Sweet Tomatoes even though soup isn't included), Reuben the Great (really, it's great), and The New York Yankee (Jeter ain't got nothin' on this grand slam).  Each a great choice in its own right.  I know, I know, none of it is 'authentic' NY deli food but sometimes you don't wanna pay an arm and a leg for a sandwich (no matter how tasty).  But now I have a new favorite.  The BEEFEATER.  Damn.  I never thought I would talk about myself.  Eating beef.  Almost sounds naughty!  I passed by this item a million times looking at the menu and finally got curious enough to get it.  Good choice!  The Beefeater is a 1/2 pound of hot roast beef, provolone cheese, and mayo all on New Orleans French bread with a side of au jus.  Yes, it is akin to a French Dip.  Though as a tip, ask for it to be TOASTED...it brings out some needed crunch and bubbly cheese.  And for another tip, ask for a side of creamy horseradish!  They will usually have to whip some up for you since it's not a common condiment.  This I believe is necessary.  It brings the sucker up a notch!  Seriously, it is one of the better sandwiches I've had in a long time.  I think about it every time now when I debate if I want some Jason's Deli.The hot roast beef, the melty cheese, the crunchy bread, slathered in creamy horseradish...then dipped in tasty au jus!  Oh yeah...make me sing like Mariah then slap me and call me Nick Cannon.  It's yummy, and oh just a little bit messy.  But oh so delicious!  I really can't wait to have another one.I will be back!  Hopefully sooner than later.DELI - cious!
2	I have been to this Jasons Deli several times, it has always been good.  We have ordered delivery from here several times, it has always been very delicious.  I ordered delivery from here today, and it was very forgetable.  The butter croissant that held my turkey sandwich together was really dried out, it was actually breaking as I ate it, it was that dry.  I have said before that they have the best brownies I have ever had....... Just not today. The brownies were overcooked,  one of them actually tasted burned.... they were very dry, not moist and fudgy the way they have been, when I have had them before.  Everything was disappointing about this meal...... it might be awhile before I order from here again.
1	My credit card information was stolen after I purchased lunch from this location. I called the manager the next day to simply alert her that there may be an issue with their machine. She absolutely denied any possibility of the fraud charges coming as a result of her store, she even went as far as to tell me that "None of my employees even know anyone in California" (CA is where the fraudulent spending came from). Her reaction to my call was that of a remarkably poor manager, particularly considering that I didn't call to complain, just inform.Be warned-- fraudulent charges appeared on my card after paying for a meal at this Jason's Deli. That, coupled with a ridiculous reaction from the manager are enough to keep me from returning.
4	We had the California club and tuna melt were great. The service was fast and friendly. Will come back again.
4	The Papa Joe's is delicious. Great ratio of pesto and veggies tasted super fresh. I think I should have gotten the whole sandwich, but I did the half sandwich, half salad deal. The salad bar is pretty cool. Some of the spinach was wilted, so I opted for the spring mix. Good selection of dressings. The cornbread muffin is very little and tasteless. Which kind of sucked because I love cornbread. The quinoa was great, though.Great sandwich selection and taste.
4	What a great lunch spot! I've been here several times and it's always good. Jason's is perfect because they have something for everyone. Even the pickiest of eaters will love Jason's Deli. They have great sandwiches, soups and even a huge salad bar. I usually get the salad bar. It's loaded with all my favorite veggies, assorted olives and my favorite pickles! On my recent visit I ordered their Muffuletta and it came with a choice of soup or salad. Since I love their salad bar it was an easy choice. I started to load up on the veggies and found my lunch buddies for the day Dyanna and Brent. Then my sandwich was delivered to the table it was huge!! Plus, it came with chips. The olive tapenade was amazing with the ham and salami. What a great sandwich. Jason's deli is exactly that a deli! They have a big variety of home cooked soups. The salad bar is always fresh and stocked. They also have an ice cream machine if your in a dessert mood. If your in a hurry call in your order they will have it ready for you. Love Jason's deli! Great food, fresh ingredients and friendly staff make the perfect recipe.
5	LEGIT Reuben: choice of pastrami or CB (I always get pastrami, so I like it when places give you the choice). And then everything else was correct: generous portion of meat & swiss cheese, sauerkraut, 1000 island, and the rye bread is real rye. I hate ordering "reubens" from sandwich places and getting it on some dark brown sweet bread that isn't rye, getting provolone or some other generic white cheese, and cole slaw instead of sauerkraut - NOT a reuben people! I worked at a Jewish deli (Max's) for 4+ years, and the Reuben at Jason's Deli was *almost* as good as ours. I'll be back for sure.
1	What a spectacular disappointment. The Ruben is cold, untoasted, and devoid of flavor. To call this place a deli is like calling McDonald's a burger joint.
