4	This shop is a converted house in the Coronado neighborhood of downtown phoenix. It has just opened.I ordered the carne asada tacos and they came in a corn tortilla with guacamole and grilled onions and they were really really good, they are street tacos style My wife ordered the quesadilla vegetariana and she really liked it, she liked the jamaica Mexican water even more!They also offer coronitas, which is nice if you just want a small beer.The only thing i didn't like was the ambiance, it was missing some music, and the fact that it won't be open on Sundays. But, with $2.25 tacos you can't go wrong!
5	I loved this place! It is on 7th st north of palm lane. I ordered the quesadilla vegetariana and my bf got the carne asada tacos. They were delicous!! I will definitely be coming back and letting all my friends and family know of this place.  Really good food and really nice atmosphere, the staff was so nice and friendly. I definitely recommend this place!
4	At long last, America's Taco Shop is finally open. Unfortunately, they're not open very late just yet--they close at 8pm on the weekends. And they're still working on the liquor license thing. And a couple of other just-open restaurant quirks. Luckily, they are extremely excited and eager to please. Their Mexican waters were unbelievable (go with the Tamarindo), and big gulp sized. The corn was awesome as well. All grilled up and slathered with mayo, cotija cheese and hot sauce. I also ordered a quesadilla vegetariana, which could have stood a bit of flavor (the owner went to get salsa, but never came back...seriously), but was not at all bad. Next time I'll try their bean burrito, which is made without any lard in the mix.The price is right, and they're right around the corner, so I'll definitely be back.
5	I have been absolutely satisfied with the food at America's Taco Shop. I spent a couple of nights during their first week sampling the menu... The carne is as good as it gets...The menu is simple and filling, and the staff was/is extremely friendly and warm. I for one cannot wait for the patio to pick up with an evening with chips/salsa (which is AWESOME), a couple of tacos, and a bucket of beers before a Suns/D-Backs game... I am sure when the patio is complete (if they are smart) there will be speakers, some heaters, and good music. I can't say enough about the food... The corn is exceptional and different than anything I have had before. The salsa is fresh and just right. The meat is full of flavors and delicious on all of the items I have had, which is most of them... I was not able to finish off the bean burrito, but it could have been that I was so full from the 2 tacos, carne burro, and quesadilla I had pounded prior to it...I got half way through and was stuffed and at that point nothing was going to taste good...Wait, not true...the flan is excellent and it is making my stomach grumble right now that I don't have a piece to wash down the not so tasty Panda experience I had for lunch out here today... I am rambling now, but I want to post it clear here that America's Taco Shop is easily one of my new favorites in the area and I strongly recommend it to anyone looking for a good meal at a reasonable price with friendly staff and a quaint atmosphere... One more thing, parking can be tricky, but it no worse than the place across the street (That's A Wrap), for those in the neighborhood, you know what I mean...I hope they stay around for a long time because I am just getting my appetite wet with their food!!! And hurry up and get that liquor license!
4	It was a good lunch.  I had, by recommendation the carne asada quesadilla, a taco and the chips and salsa.  It was all good, my favorite was the salsa.  The space is your becoming more and more typical, renovated home.  The lunch line was short and it moved fast, I'll be sure to visit again soon.
5	What a great new addition to central Phoenix!Inside the historic bungalow, the bright and airy space is immaculate. Peppy Latin music surrounds you as the smell of fresh carne asada wafts from the kitchen. A selection of Mexican waters, beer and "Mexican coke" makes for excellent drink selections while waiting for your food.I ordered chips and salsa to start. The salsa was amazing. It was fresh and you could tell it was made from whole tomatoes. For my meal, I ordered three carne asada tacos. They were fresh tasting and very satisfying. I would say they are "street style" or more similar to what one would get at Baja Fresh than Taco Bell.From now on, I will never go to Baja Fresh for my taco fix and visit America's Taco Shop instead. With its friendly service, charming atmosphere and delicious food, others would be smart to do the same.
5	OK, for those of you who know me, you know that I'm forgetful.  When left unsupervised, as I was this weekend, I forgot to do somewhat important things (i.e. eat meals, shave, feed the fish...).  With that being said, on Saturday night after a day of working around the house, I realized that I was out of wine, and on my way to Safeway, I saw America's Taco shop was open.  I got a few bottles of wine for the night and went back down 7th, and got to America's seconds before 8pm.  Yes, they do close at 8pm on the weekends.  They gladly took my order and I sat and waited.  I always HATE being that guy who comes in right at close.  Thankfully, a couple came in close to 8:15 and they were just as nice to them as they were to me.  The owner/husband (I presume) came out and made small talk with me, and was very nice.Anyways, I digress.  I got the Carne Burrito, and the flavor was amazing!  I asked for the Pico on the side and got a good size portion of it.  I will be going back for more!  I want to try everything on the menu like Dyl W did.  If I don't forget to eat again today, I'm going to get the tacos.
4	My boyfriend insisted this place was great so I gave it a try last night. I felt bad at first walking in at 7:45 since they close at 8 but they were more than happy to take my last minute order. The torta is amazing. It was not too greasy, just perfect. My boyfriend had the carne asada burrito which was delicious. All the ingredients tasted very fresh. I had an Horchata which was excellent too. The salsa is definitely the best part. It very unique. I know that people keep saying blah blah renovated homes but I still think they are great. I will be back for sure.
5	I walk past here everyday on my way to work, and although I haven't eaten there yet, I've been watching them build it for the past few months, and I'm excited to have a new taco joint besides fillib' in the neighborhood. All the people working there are always smiling, and I stopped in for a menu to good conversation.  Can't wait to finally eat there!
4	Ok this is the BEST Carne Asada I have ever eaten! Granted I am from the midwest so I thought Taco Bell was good Mexican before I moved to AZ but DAMN!The recipe (an old family one of the owner's) is amazing and very flavorfull.Try the burrito, but get something on the side as it needs an extra bit to fill you up. Don't get me wrong this is not the Overstuffed Burrito that you find at Chipotle that gets super messy and in my opinion is not very good. No this burrito is well propotioned as a meal and easy to eat. Not too messy or anything.Also the Civeche is really great too, very fresh and crisp.The only reason it gets 4 instead of 5 stars is that it is kinda small. That's all. Hell I give them 5 in my heart!
5	I went in again, and it was amazing! I had a carne asada taco, it was perfect.  THe salsa is not too spicy, and super fresh, and the carne asada was done perfect.  The Corn Tortillas were a perfect touch as well.  I just hope everything goes well with the liquor license, I would of loved a coronita!
4	Don't let the name fool you. This is "real" Mexican food. The owner IS from Mexico but her name just happens to be "America", cool huh? Typically this isn't my style of fare, but I DID enjoy my beef taco with just meat and cheese.The restaurant is in a beautifully restored historic house (as is typical of new CenPho venues). They have a little outdoor patio over looking 7th Street which was way cool.One thing that I think should be stressed is that this aint cheap. They sell bottles of Mexican Coke for $2.50, the tacos were like $2.25 each, and chips and salsa were an extra charge.Still yet another great addition to CenPho!
4	Oh.  Mah.  Gawd.Let me get this out of the way.. the ONLY reason I'm dumping a star on America's Taco Shop is because they charge extra for chips and salsa.  I HATE that.  Charge me if I ask for extra salsa or something, but otherwise, come on.  Now.  Said chips?  Perfect.  Salsa?  Perfecter.  My taco?  Made me cry a little bit.  I am picky about corn tortillas, but these were brilliant.Go to America's Taco Shop.  I will see you there.
4	holy horchata.i always say, there's no better way to try a beverage for the first time, than to drink an entire gallon of it. and trying the horchata at america's was no exception. i had no idea what to expect, but immediately fell in love with it. all gallon of it. second best thing to drink, next to beer, with mexican food. so, so good.the carne asada burrito was one of the best i've ever had. ever. the beef was just so good, tasty, tender, and loads of it. the tortillas were incredible; just right so they didn't take over the burrito, but added to the flavor.the ceviche was awesome; chopped up like salsa...whatever they do to it works. big time. it's 10:17am and i'd eat a bowl of it now...for breakfast...with milk and a spoon. i had two different types of salsa and i loved both equally. the only reason i'm giving it 4 starts is that the veggie quesadilla was pretty far below the rest of the food. basically, it was like they put quac, shredded lettuce, and a sliced up cucumber in a tortilla and threw it in the micro. you know how all of those vegetables are all kind of the same color; blah green? that's how i'd describe the taste: blah green. but everything else was incredible. you can eat like a king for around $20 and by like a king i mean, two burritos, chips and salsa, quesadilla, and a couple of horchatas. next time i'm sitting on the front porch. so all of 7th can watch me feed my face, cookie monster style.
5	Best "street style" carne asada taco I've ever had.  The Vampiro is basically the same think but it comes on a tostada so you have to pick it up and eat it like a vampire, thus the name Vampiro.The salsa is great, I don't know what "style" it is because every now and again I've had it other places but it's my favorite. It's a cross between a pico and a red sauce, blended but not runny at all.Yes they make you pay for chips and salsa, and I've seen the tiny tablespoon size take out container for salsa so beware.Cute restored house.   I'll be back soon, if not everyday from now on.
3	If you like carne asada, I mean if you really like carne asada, this place is definitely worth checking out. If you like a variety to choose from, maybe not.The menu is a little limited with the main dishes being carne asada taco, burrito, tostada (Vampiro) and quesadilla. They do have one vegetarian dish and, of course, chips and salsa.Now for the good news. The carne asada is pretty good. I tried the Vampiro and the quesadilla. Both were very tasty. Some people have mentioned that the chips and salsa are extra, but most counter service places I've been to charge for chips and salsa. It's worth it. The chips are fresh and the salsa is not particularly hot but has a great flavor.It's definitely worth a try, especially if you like carne asada.
4	I decided to reduce my original review by one star. America's Taco Shop is pretty pricey. I realized that today when my quesadilla and Mexican coke came to over eight dollars...
3	Overall I liked this place and glad it is in the neighborhood.  The carne asada burrito was good and the ceviche was pretty tasty.  However, it seems that this is about all there is to the menu.  I was not a fan of the set-up of the restaurant.  It was way too crowded - yes it was lunch, but the flow could have been a lot better.  Overall, I will return when in the mood for carne asada.  Hopefully the kinks will get worked out over time and until then I look forward to supporting a local restaurant.
5	Must have: Carne Asada Burrito. Go for the big one if you can handle it. And the seviche on Friday and Saturday ... mmmmmm.
3	We wanted to see what the hype was about this place, so my lady and I crawled out of bed at noon and came here for lunch. We came on a Saturday afternoon, there were a few people dining in. I had the carne asada burrito and my girl had the carne asada tacos. The food was tasty, and hot. I'm sure about how I feel about all they hoopla over this place. It was a decent place to grab a bite to eat. The Horchata was good, and they sell Mexican Coca-Cola. The price was all right, but you could definitely get carne asada at a Filibertos or any of the other 'Bertos for that matter that was just as tasty and for a few less dollars.*Update* I received an email from the proprietor of this Taco shop, he stated to me that "if you can not see the difference in quality from us and the other "Bertos", maybe this isn't the place for you"...I'm not sure why a restaurant owner would shoo away a guest, especially a guest who said the food was good, he was just not understanding of the hype. So if you're like me, and think Filibertos is good, keep going there, because obviously, the owner of this establishment doesn't need our business
3	Hmm...not bad. Not Spectacular. Wasn't too impressed with the bored- looking high school girl behind the counter. Super cute ambience. It felt like I ate my carne asada burrito in about five seconds. Yes, because it was great but also because it seemed the size of a hot pocket. Way too small for the price. And the thimble size container of salsa did not help matters much. Your other option is the X-L, which is in a twelve-inch tortilla. I would advise getting the mega-burrito and saving the rest for later, seems like it would be a better bang for your buck.Would it hurt to throw in a couple sides? Beans? Rice? Hell, even some chips?Bottom line: A lot of potential, just not enough for the price.
3	Decided to give this place a shot one fine Saturday after many recommendations and the positive reviews here on yelp, which left me with some pretty high expectations.Now, I need to preface this by saying I am a Mexican and have eaten alot of carne asada tacos in my lifetime.  I love them.  And I'm open to trying them "as they come" from different establishments. When ordering tacos, the price is usually an indicator of the size no?  Like an average lunch should be no more than $10? Especially when we're talking carne asada tacos.  I don't think that's too much to expect especially from a place calling itself a "taco shop".  So when i saw the tacos were just shy of $3 each I figured two would suffice.  Nope.  I'm guessing maybe four of those suckers might have filled me up.  More than I'm willing to pay for simple carne asada tacos.  But its good to support small local business right? Right.The tacos here were good. Tasty.  And I understand their "shtick" and all.  Good service, nothing out of this world but by no means bad.  They had a couple kids working up front.  The horchata was tasty.  Food came out promptly.  I'm sure they used quality ingredients and at no point did I feel the possibility of contracting some food-borne illness from my food (which would have made the experience more authentic in my opinion, heh)I just didn't think it was "all that" and the size/taste, to me, did not justify the price.This place is like "street tacos" for suits, families,  or people who are scared of going into Mexican dives. On a sidenote: the photo treatment they use over and over again on "America's" photo is ill-suited and miss leading.  I thought that was the "vampiro" I saw mentioned.  Guys if you need a menu re-design hit me up.  :)I will probably be back at some point since this is in my neighborhood and the food was tasty after all.  I'll either order more tacos or something else.
5	I eat Beef!  I love the stuff.Especially Carne Asada and today I had America's Carne Adada.It rocked.  Especially with the addition of a little lime juice that the Carne Asada comes with.Cute little place with a no-nonsense menu.They make what the like to make and are good at it.Don't need anything else.Support local business, America's is on my list.
5	This place is amazing!  The best carne asada I have ever had!  I like the limited menu- they are good at carne asada and salsa and they should stick to it.  Keep it simple.  Restaurants over complicate things and everything suffers because of it.  Beer will be an awesome addition.  My burrito came out really quickly and the guy running food and bussing tables (Gavin?) was really sweet and helpful.  A little expensive but worth it-- I will be back for sure!
4	I had been watching this place since before they opened. I never saw any cars and thought it would not last the month. Then I noticed that the porch was full of people having lunch. The parking is in the back. I am glad I took a chance on it. America is a person and her Taco Shop is divine. It is a Mexican version of the Coronado Cafe. They have a limited menu around 10 entrees, but they are awesome. I had the Quesadilla De Carne Asada for $4.50, some chips and yummy Salsa, as well as some of the best Flan I have had and a Mexican Coke (the beverage). The counter help was attractive and efficient and I had food within minutes. I devoured it and could have eaten another Quesadilla, but I am a big eater. I liked the crowd too. Give it a shot before people find out about this place and you can't get a table.
4	Found this today while cruising down 7th on my way to Roosevelt Row for some belated Christmas shopping. Very cute interior. I got the Torta, which was huge and extremely tasty with moist, seasoned asada, guac, veggies, and jalapenos on a soft buttery bread. Mmm!
4	I've eaten at ATS three times now and I've been consistently pleased with their food.  The staff is friendly, there's a real buzz to the place (especially around lunch time) and the decor, while simple, is simply nice.  While not a big meat eater, the carne asada tacos are hard to resist and the vegetarian quesadilla is terrific.  I'm sure there will be some who think the food is a bit pricey but it's all of high quality and, in my estimation, well worth the money.  There are plenty of options for cheap Mexican.  For my money, ATS is a great addition to the neighborhood.
4	be careful here. this place is taking off. I went the other day and waited way too long. Try an off hour and you will be fine.
4	I had no idea this place existed even though I've driven past it a ton of times. It didn't really catch my attention. When my husband suggested we go there, I said "Huh? Where?" Been there once, definitely crave it again.The carne asada burrito was delicious, and it was the perfect serving size. I was able to eat it all but I wasn't left hungry or unsatisfied either. They could definitely use some help in the service/usability department though. When I first walked in, I had no idea where the menu was (it's written in chalk on the walls in very large print...so large I didn't even think to look at it as a menu). Mmmm...I want a burrito now.
2	Meh.That's about it.The menu is small, but I guess that's because they are centered around their "awesome carne asada." It's nothing special. The corn was good, though.Not worth about a 25 minute wait for takeout. I'll stick with La Tolteca, MMMMM!
4	The tortillas alone could make this place. I went at 12:30pm - got food and a table right away. I got the bean and cheese burrito with a side of guacamole. Everything was excellent and fresh. But the highlight, as mentioned, were the tortillas. They appeared to be homemade. And they were incredible.The menu is limited, but also cheap. So I don't really see room for complaints there. The house the restaurant lives in is cute and cozy feeling.I liked this place even more when I learned that America was the name of the owner and not some cheesy restaurant title.
3	I need to downgrade one star.....i feel that every time i am in the mood for a to go order it takes forever, and usually there are not many people in the restaurant, and also last time the carne asada it was a little less tender and the salsa is never spicy enough.
2	Let me preface this fact: I have eaten what could amount to a family of cows (that would be daddy cow, momma cow and 2.5 child cows) in carne asada during my life. Needless to say I like it. This doesn't make me an MD in C.A. but I've had really good (i.e. Yeah, I loved it so much I'd marry it.) and really bad (i.e. Truly thought I'd die.) and everything in between.That said I'd place America's Taco shop squarely in the middle. Again, it's just my opinion but it was really nothing special. Maybe, and I say MAYBE, I was slightly thrown by the hype and was expecting too much.That alone though wouldn't have merited my two stars. I eat at plenty of places with just-okay quality of food but I go back because of the atmosphere or service. But the fact that the wait was over 30 minutes for two tacos, a vampiro and a burrito was part of it.Also, the help was less than, um, help. Two teenagers with that wonderful teen-approach to service. Example, not knowing exactly what an item includes. Lastly, the prices. A vampiro at most places is the size of a good portioned tostada. At A.T.S. however everything down to the burrito was half the size of what I expected, and pricier. I understand the tacos being small as is traditional for carne asada tacos but don't price them $3 a pop. I could get the same quality and half the price at Food City (no joke).The seating was really limited so this place would probably be best for a pick-up order to avoid the wait.The positives were that that the food came exactly as I'd ordered it and also they served elote (corn) traditional style which you don't see much outside of late night taco stands. Also, the place was clean and the small house it was built into was neat.
4	Yes, add me to the list of fans of this fine establishment. I ordered the carne asada tacos and the jamaica (uh, it was mui authentico served with a punch ladle) and fell in love with the beach bar atmosphere. Definitely recommend.
4	The key to this place is the meat is cooked over fire, which only a few "taco shop" type places in greater Phoenix bother to do, and it imparts a different flavor to the meat. For $5.95, my burrito with loaded with tasty carne asada and little else... no beans or rice fillers - just good beef, not dry or grissely, nor mushy/steamed. It contained some pico de gallo and guac, though I didn't notice any guac until the last few bites (must have loaded one end). The biggest negative for me is paying extra for chips and salsa, especially when the chips come from a local store (and aren't that good). Also, don't go if in a hurry - it's a popular place and a small kitchen, so it can take a short while for orders to come up. Overall, some might get annoyed with the parking, waits, add-ons, etc. but if you like grilled asada, they do it better than most in PHX.
5	Okay, I'm going to have to recant my previous review. I just had a totally fantastic lunch of Torta Carne and corn on the cobb. That Torta is off the hook! I gobbled it up tomatoes and all and I flippin' hate tomatoes. The corn is slathered in buttery butter and cotija cheese, add a little pepper and it is sublime. Service was super fast. Call me Mary Kay but the two cuties behind the counter made the wait pretty tolerable. America, I'm sorry I snapped. I didn't know. I will be back for my Torta as it is now on my list of foods-I-want-every-day.
5	Great owners who care about the food they serve.  Highly recommend.
3	America's Taco shop is in a cool little house on 7th St.  I'll make this review short and sweet:  they have some great carne asada, but something is wrong with the tacos...they have lettuce...maybe they have an option to get them with onions and cilantro?  I don't know maybe my taco sense is off, but I am more of a fan of the roadside taco stands with simple good tacos for cheap...like they have at El Gran Taco....tacos de cabeza, de lengua...mmmm, real mexican.Although I wouldn't drive out of the way to go to this place, I loved the vibe, and I would like to try their ceviche, tostadas, hot dogs and corn.  It all looked fabulous and one couple must have eaten one of everything on the menu... I was jealous.  Yes, I'd definitely go back, it showed promise...maybe I was too harsh with the lettuce on my tacos.  They were pretty tasty and the salsa was a nice smoky flavor...and I really liked the carne asada. I'll see how round two goes....I have good hopes for a successful lunch or dinner here.
5	I'm very busy at work today but wanted to take a quick couple minutes to yelp about this place...The carne asada burrito was great - alot of flavor, juicy, did not make my stomach hurt (like places like Filibertos sometimes do).I'm confused at some of the reviews that call it pricey....My lunch companion mentioned it was extremely cheap (and he always complains about high prices so that is saying something!).The place is very cute and just a perfect little place to grab a simple, delicious lunch (if you like carne asada like I do).
3	Just visited the place for the first time and it was eh. The food was good and the prices were good, just very small portions. I got the quesadilla and it was delicious, but it took me about 5 bites and it was gone! As everyone says, the carne asada was tasty, but my boyfriend and his friend complained of tiny size also.The people there were kind and we didn't have to wait too long, but we are all still hungry. I guess we're used to gigantic food servings.
4	Tried it for the first time today. I really liked it and will go back again. I thought the tacos were great as well as the salsa. The chips were very good, but not the best I've ever had. I would definitely recommend this place!
5	Just a stone's throw from the Heard Museum where members of our hungry staff have turned me on to this friendly place with great food. I know ill be back! The home made tortillas are super yummy!
4	I wasn't a huge fan of carne asada until eating at America's.  They make it an art form.  Great use of the historic housing in central phoenix.  A welcomed addition to Coronado.  Try the corn...amazing.
4	I'm not a steak fan, and that's all they serve here, but darn it if I don't love these tacos.  There's rarely a night that I'm not in the mood to have them for dinner.  Here's the rest of my two cents:-THE BEST salsa I've ever had at a restaurant.  That's just my opinion, but it tastes like homemade... it's fresh and chunky and the perfect amount of cilantro... there's enough kick, but the flavor is just delicious.-The corn!  What they do to that corn is amazing, it's a flavor combination I've never experienced before and I love it, you have to taste it to understand though, I can't describe it. (the corn itself can be hit-or-miss... sometimes it's a little hard).  -Every time I go, I feel like I've been transported to the movie "Honey, I Shrunk the Limes".  Is it possible that they get smaller with each visit??  -And yes, it is pricey.  I didn't notice it at first, because it's so good and I didn't spend that much money, but for what you get? (case in point: LIMES [see above])  Chips and salsa are $1.50, which is fine with me, but they upsold me to guacamole (I'm not a hard sell, or quick at math), and after I paid I realized that ordering the guacamole added $5 to the bill!!!!  Things like that add up...Great place though, and the atmosphere is cool and relaxing, with a Mexico beachy vibe... I do recommend it highly, but bring your own citrus.
2	You mean to tell me I not only spent $4 on a tostada, but spent 15 minutes waiting for it as well?I ordered the Vampiro under the impression it would be quesadilla-esque. How I was wrong. Not only was there no cheese to be seen or for that matter tasted, but there was only the smallest dab of guacamole and onions. While the carne asada wasn't bad, by the time I walked back to my office, it was already cold.The Vampiro was on the small side (for a tostada anyway) and not filling at all. Good thing I had some baby carrots in the office refrigerator.And now I realize why the kid who took my order asked if that was really all I wanted. Here I thought he was just expecting me to be the Noah's Fat Ass Ark and order two of every menu item.
5	I love the carne asada burrito it is the best I have ever had!!!  It comes with a slice of lime, radish and a homemade salsa that is great.  I order an xl carne asada burrito because the normal carne asada burrito is just a wee bit to small for me.  This is the Cadillac of carne asada burritos the meat is great has a nice char to it and yet still juicy.  The homemade horchata (mexican drink) is on point and has my girlfriend hooked.  What also is great is that unlike those other Mexican quick food places you can grab a Mexican beer, Margarita and they even have Mexican bottled Coca Cola made from real sugar rather than our high-fructose corn syrup Coca Cola we get in the good ol' U.S of A.  This place has been added to my list of regular grub spots.  This is another downtown spot that was previously someones home.  I am still not used to the squeaking sound that the floors of these old houses turned into a business make when you walk on them.  I sometimes feel like my big self is going to fall through like you see on cartoons.  The dining area is small.  If you have a group I would suggest you have someone snag a table because bye the time you order there might not be somewhere to sit.  The place can fill up quick.  Hey but that is the charm of these places downtown.  If you don't like it go to the burbs.
3	No, not named for this great country of ours, but for America, the owner. Went there based on a recommendation from a friend at work, and he was right...this place was great. Had the carne asada burrito. The meat was perfectly flavored and the burrito was freshly made. It could not have been better. Opted for the pricey Coca Cola from Mexico. Very good, but at $3 a bottle, a little pricey, especially where I tend to drink a lot of soda when I eat lunch. They now have a liquor license, so they offer a variety of Mexican brand beers. Sodas come in bottles and cans, depending on the brand. One nice option I liked was they accept credit cards, which at first isn't obvious. There are no signs that they take credit. The only way I knew was seeing a tiny magnetic strip reader next to the cash register. The restaurant is inside an old, small house, so there isn't a lot of room, and it's tough to find seating if you're more than a party of two. There is off-street parking behind the restaurant, but again, it's the back yard to an old home, so parking can be tight.
3	So, after reading the reviews on Yelp, I took the lunch crew to America's Taco shop and found it to be pretty good. It's a small little house off 7th Street with a little, tiny entrance to their parking lot that can be hard to miss and easy to nail the sidewalk if you aren't careful (or I'm just a bad driver! :) There is parking in the back and you can also park on the side streets too. We were a pretty big group so finding a table to accommodate all of us was kind of annoying (survival of the fittest style), but we made do. I had the Vampiro and found it to be pretty good. I'm not 'crazy' for carne asada to begin with, but it was pretty tasty (although I didn't really taste the cheese or guac). I also ordered the corn which was delish...totally recommend it!!! Finally, I'm a total sucka for "real" Coke with "real" sugar, so it was an absolute delight to have a frosty bottle of "real" Coke with my lunch. Even at $3 it was heaven sent! All in all, a pretty good little spot.
4	Excellent carne asada tacos and burritos! Simple and very, very good.
3	Nothing special about the place other than it is cute.  But that doesn't make the food taste better.No chicken on the menu,  Weird.The tacos are so/so, I can get the same, cheaper, at Flilbertos.Was excited for a new place in my hood but it's not worth the price or going back.
4	We went here for lunch after I read about it in Sunset Magazine. I liked it a lot. The corn was d'lish, as was the Carne Asada Burrito, though it was a tad small for $5.45. (They offer a larger one for $7.95) I guess I'm spoiled living in San Diego where I can get a Carne Asada burrito for super cheap! But I have to say the meat here was wayyyy better than most I've had at home. There was not ONE SINGLE bit of fatty gristle in my burrito. And the burrito was simply made with only a few ingredients (meat, guac, pico de gallo, and onions) so I could really taste the smoky goodness of the meat. I liked it a lot. In fact, I liked it so much I went there twice in one weekend! Try the corn with cotija cheese - YUM! And also make sure to drink one of America's Margarita's. I liked the Tamarindo but my husband liked the Jamaica.  Heck, try both!
4	After reading everyone's reviews I went in with high expectations - perhaps too high. We ordered two carne asada burritos, chips and salsa, the corn everyone raved about on Yelp along with two carne asada tacos. The burritos were a decent size. I was disappointed that there wasn't more than a small dollop of guacamole at one of the burrito. The meat was lean and flavorful however tasted very charred. Some of the inner pieces tasted good though the meat was seasoned with too much salt. The meat was lean and tender. Chips and salsa were okay. I love it when a restaurant heats up the chips - this place does not. The salsa was fresh tasting and not overly spicy. Neither my husband nor I liked the corn. It is corn on the cob dipped in a mayonnaise sauce with Mexican cheese sprinkled on top. It is garnished with a hot sauce and limes. Whoever mentioned the small side portions of the lime, radish and cucumber were dead on. The lime was so tiny I didn't get more than a drop of juice from it. The servers were friendly and it is an easy place to take your children as long as your total party does not exceed four. The place is tiny but decorated nicely.
3	I wish I had read more of the reviews before I went to America's. I clearly did not order the right things. We got chips & salsa, carne asada tacos, and a vampiro. They were all good and we agreed that the salsa was excellent and the meat very high quality, but I was not blown away. Next time I will definitely try the corn, which looked amazing, as well as the carne asada burrito. Two things that bugged me about Americas:1. We were a tad bit disappointed they did not have more choices on their menu. I understand keeping it simple, but if you are not in the mood for carne asada, you are kind of screwed. 2. I love that they are selling real "Mexican" coca-cola, but it's a little expensive at $3 a bottle. Overall, cute (but very tiny) place that deserves a second visit.
3	Yelpers....you let me down. I expected greatness but what I got was just...ehhh OK. The place is cute, the story is fun and the beer is cheap (during happy hour) but the tacos and ceviche were small enough to be served at my neices tea party. Seriously.I'd consider this more of a taco tapa's restaraunt than a true taco shop as everything (and I mean the 5 or so things are the menu) are a la carte. Did I mention that I hate places that charge extra for chips and salsa?
3	Maybe my expectations were too high because of the hype and press but I wasn't all that impressed. The menu is very limited, all items are a la carte, the portions are tiny and they charge for salsa. The signs boast the best carne asada in the valley, and while decent it was nothing spectacular. I really liked that they had iced coffee with horchata, it is one of my faves. It is a cute spot in a great downtown location. Hopefully the menu will expand over time.
3	It's great to have a something new in the area. I don't think the food is as great as everyone is posting. I believe there are better taco shops out there. Very limited menu. Would like to see some fish tacos. I think they could have some success with late night hours. And what's up with not having sour cream? Employees are friendly.  I hope this place grows and takes on more food options in the future.
5	They have the BEST carne asada and bean burritos I have had anywhere in Phoenix and I have eaten at lots of places!  5 stars all the way!
4	Kitschy Mexican surf atmosphere, friendly service, and delicious food. Prices are a little high for this type of Mexican fare, but they're justified by the high-quality, fresh ingredients used. Rethink what you know about a bean and cheese burrito...theirs is a lard-free blend of beans and cheese in a lightly grilled tortilla. But it's the carne asada that's front and center here. The carne asada quesadilla and their specialty, the vampiro, are both exceptional. Add the unique America's corn and you've got yourself quite a fantastic meal!
5	This place is a lifesaver for Phoenix Mexican food.  I've tried and tried to find "good" Sonoran style Mexican food and am always disappointed by a greasy mess, up until I stumbled upon ATS.  The people that work here are very sweet and the decor is charming.  I would describe it as a kind of surf shop meets diner decor.  It is in a cute older house on 7th, well maintained and colorfully adorned with artsy knickknacks and brickabrack and such.The food is very cheap and very simple, you can tell that love goes into every dish.  A bean burrito is $3.25 and very filling.  The been and cheese concoction that fills it is very tasty but not overly greasy, much unlike many of the other lauded burrito places in town.  The veggie quesadilla was delicious as well, kind of crunchy from the cabbage or something that is inside.  Both were served with some traditional accoutrement and homemade, wonderful salsa.  The jewel of my meal here was the white corn on the cob.  Not really knowing what I was ordering at first, I was a little doubtful, but really wanted something more veggie like to round out the meal.  What came was the most wonderful ear of corn I have ever eaten.  The cob is a sweet white corn which is then slathered in a slim coat of mayo and dipped in what I think was parmesean cheese (but was probably the Sonoran equivalent).  This was served with lime and a chili sauce that was sweet and spicy and out of this world when doused on the corn.What a great little place in a wonderful neighborhood (maybe my favorite) of central Phoenix.  If you feel let down by the Mexican food that has covered this valley in a layer of tasteless grease, go here before giving up (also go to Mucho Gusto in Tempe, ATS is the cheaper option).
4	One visit and it will instantly merit inclusion into your lunch lineup.  The place looks the part- down to the vintage Shakira playing in the background- and its dishes deliver the goods. No longer will we have to rely on the Filoberto's/Aliberto's/Raliberto's/Rigoberto's of the valley to get our cheap Mexican fix on.  Many people have mentioned the elote (corn) and I would like to second their approval. The ceviche is also great and the vampiro brings a little class to the standard street taco.  People may complain about the diminutive menu but I say there is no need to when you do those few things well.  Do you same people whine about the lack of options at the In-N-Out?  Simple is good when the few items are excellent.
2	Honestly I wasn't all that impressed with this place.Pretty limited menu, the portions are tiny, and they charge for salsa (which was mediocre).The signs boast the best carne asada in the valley.  Not sure what valley they are talking about, but definitely not the best in phoenix.  Although it was good, I would put it at about average for carne asada.The location was great and the building was kind of cool, but the seating was very limited and there seemed to be some wasted space.  All in all, I thought the food was okay, but overpriced for what you get.
4	HELLOOOOO new cravings....I love tacos (of all kinds but soft corn is the best)!My wife went to high school with the manager so she dragged me in for lunch today on our way home from the children's museum. Located on the east side of 7th street in a used to be house. A line to the door usually means it is good and it was! We had to take the food togo so I was already thinking that it was going to be sub par. I was so wrong.I had two asada tacos and a bean and cheese burrito.  The tacos were perfect with the lime and the smokey salsa that came with them. The tortillas were soft but not soggy, the meat was smokey and tender and packed with flavor. The burrito was creamy and rich with melted cheese everywhere and beans that were not too heavy. I can't wait to go back... and soon.Thank you America's for making a no fuss slam dunk taco shop!
5	The only complaint that I have about America's is that I can't get enough Carne Asada.  It is wonderful.  I usually stay away from the beef in Mexican restaurants (especially "Taco Stands") fearing dog, cat, or other animals might have been harmed in the process.  The beef is outstanding.  For $20 bucks, two people can get a taco and burrito, chips and salsa, and 3 coronitas each.  Is there are better deal in town??If you go to America's, make sure to try the Horchata and Iced Coffee blend.  It will blow your socks off.To top it all off the staff is very courteous and nice.  The owner will pop his head out from time to time and make sure things are going well for you, and that you are enjoying your food.All around a great experience, and one that should not be missed.
4	Ok really great carne asada. Glad to see the now have a larger burro was kinda small at first and really needed 2 to try and get full. The price is right food is excellent and not to slow on orders. Must try this place if you like carne asada.
5	Best bean and cheese burrito I've ever had.And for under $4."Nuff said.
5	This is a little gem.  Sometimes it's best to do one thing and do it really well.  America's does carne asada REALLY well!!  The meat is tender and flavorful and delicious!!  I had a carne asada burrito and it was probably the best I've ever had. But let me speak of the guacamole.....mmmmmm!!  If you like guac, this is awesome guac!!  It's got just enough kick in it and it is very tasty.  Their chips are fresh and crispy and a nice compliment to the guac.  My daughter loved the cheese quesedilla and ate the whole thing.  When we got in the car to leave she said she wanted to come back the next day!  That's high praise from a six year old!The shop is a cute little house with several tables inside and a nice seating area outside.  Parking can be a little of a challenge.  There is only one way in and it's the same way out.  So if you're leaving and someone is coming in, well....you get the picture.  The staff is always friendly and accomodating.  They make you feel at home.  The prices are reasonable so you don't break the bank either.  Thank you America!!
5	XL CARNE ASADA BURRO-has never been this good ANYWHERE- words just describe  how good this is
3	As a Coronado resident, I must admit I am absolutely thrilled at the restaurants that have successfully planted themselves in the neighborhood. After watching the building that now houses America's Taco Shop fail business after business, I was pleased to find something actually survive the location. The restaurant is friendly and inviting, and the staff is always super friendly. I do think the food is delicious, however I also find it to be overpriced. Listen, I have no problem paying $2.50 for a single taco, but when the taco isn't even the size of my hand, we have a problem. $7.50 for a taco 'meal' is a little steep in my book. The carne asada IS wonderful, though. I can't say that I have had much asada experience (although my dad does grill some kickass carne), but man, it's good. Also, the bean and cheese burritos will put that sad excuse of a burrito from Taco Bell to shame. The breakfast burritos are fantastic, too. It sucks that I can't completely jump on board with America's Taco Shop. I so wish I could, because it's so close and so convenient, but I can't justify spending nearly $20 on carne asada tacos for two.
3	DH & I went there last night, the margaritas were ok...we had the corn, carne asada tacos, and a torta. We thought the meat didn't have very much taste. Both of us liked the salsa that came with the chips, but the salsa that came with the food was not as tasty. The place was ok, kind of overpriced & over hyped.
1	As a bonafide half mexican-american hahaa..I want 4 things from my carne asada 1.grilled charred taste  2.tenderness  3.a hint of citrus  4.proper accompanimentsAmerica's carne asada is NOT the best carne asada in Phoenix, not even today, on National Taco Day.  No need for anyone to suffer the same disapponting let down, not to mention the total rip-off, that occurred tonight.  Spent $3.50 on a bottle of mexican Coke and $1.50 on a can of Coke.  $5.00 on drinks at a freaking taco shop is ridiculous.  I will say America's carne is tender and has the charred grilled taste, but that is where it ends, INCOMPLETE.  On a good tortilla, they serve their carne tacos with a stingy 1oz of salsa (not hot), grilled onions (wtf), guac, and lettuce (again wtf).  You have to douse it youself by squeezing the entire life out of your lime half, and even then it doesn't have enough flavor.  The meat is lacking its perfect marriage to sharper onion flavor,cilantro,hotter salsa.That being said, don't go to America's, please.  Let the weirdos who think this place is the greatest support America's.  Oh and they also let people smoke on their patio...MMM smoke and weak carne in my mouth was tasty..nooot.  Trek about 7 miles north and you will find the best carne asada in Phoenix.  Funny how the restaurants that actually have the best carne asada in Phoenix are on the same street, yet are way out of the imaginary ballpark, of great carne asada that America thinks she is in.  Go to 7th Street & Mountain View.  Mountain View is just south of Peoria Ave.Best carne asada street tacos = Tacos Jalisco (nw corner)Best carne asada burrito = Vaqueros (sw corner behind CircleK)PERIOD
2	I have eaten at America's three times. The first two times the food was good, but not fantastic. The third time, I was the only one in the restaurant stopped for a breakfast burrito and I waited 20 minutes to get my food. As I was leaving, I noticed that the counter attendant who had just handed me my burrito was now outback of the restaurant throwing up. Needless to say I will not be going back for the upchucka, err machaca, burrito.
4	2nd visit - returned upon request of the gracious owner Terry.  Had a carne asada taco and bean burrito.  I have to say my vision of carne asada previously was narrow.  Down home carne asada from the streets was all I knew.  America's Taco Shop has broadened my carne asada horizons for the following reasons:_Carne asada can have quality, proper cut, and flavor.  It can taste leaner, less greasy._Refried beans can be free of lardo and theirs are some of the best I've ever had._If you use a good tortilla to wrap their tacos and burritos, it's a sign you care._While the expected accompaniments may not be present, who doesn't love caramelized onions and lettuce on a taco.SO, lets take America's for what it is..a slightly upscale carne asada experience.  Yes, you will pay up more dough for less during this experience, but its one that needs to be had.  I will be back to America's because there will come a time when I want a more quality, lean, cleaner meal, which we all know you can't get on the "streets"._
4	So yummy!   At least, the ONE thing on the menu I can eat because I'm a vegetarian.   Bean & cheese burrito.   With plenty-o-beer.  This place is stumble-home distance for me, so happy it's there.  Staff super friendly.   Although the menu is limited for me, my friends who eat meat all raved about their selections, and I have to admit it all SMELLED good. Inexpensive.  Casual.  Fun.  Friendly.   Welcoming.    In my 'hood.  My favorite kinda place!
4	Besides the little street taco cart that is parked in a lot on 28th st and Mcdowell that I go to for my carne asada tacos...this comes in 2nd place:)  I am really picky about carne asada...many places make them either too dry or not flavorful enough...well not my little street taco cart,,,,and not my America's Taco shop!!!I order two things here..Tacos and Quesadilla....I normally do not eat quesadilla, but here its something else...Cheese, moist and perfectly seasoned asada, with grilled sauteed onions all between a light crisp homemade tortilla?!?  What else can be better??  Well, maybe there are other things:)  But for this moment, during my 15 sec of fame...I mean review....Lets amuse ourselves:)  Go...you will not be disappointed
3	Okay, so after my last review I received a friendly reminder from the owner, Terry, that perhaps I was thinking of the America's Special for Two when I mentioned I can't justify spending $20 on carne asada tacos for two. No, I wasn't talking about that, but thank you for the heads up. I do understand that America's food is high in quality and especially tasty, and I appreciate that. I don't necessarily appreciate a "friendly reminder" from the owner wherein my review is casually mentioned as incorrect. I was simply stating my opinion.Anyway, let it be known that I have returned twice since my initial review (which was written after several visits), upon the request of Terry. Both times were for breakfast burritos. The first time, we dined in. Actually, we sat on their new patio. The patio is spacious and has a nice little bar and more than several tables. It was a Sunday morning, and a little early, so we were the only ones dining outside. Now let me ask, what the hell was up with all of the flies?! There were literally hundreds of flies outside. On the tables, the bar, the chairs, EVERYWHERE. Like, what were they so attracted to? It didn't seem so bad at first, but as soon as we got our food we were swarmed. Our table was full with food, drinks and the like so instead of moving everything inside we just ate really quickly. An employee came out and asked how everything was, and was quick to apologize after we pointed out the disgusting amount of flies swarming the porch. Now, about the food. The breakfast burritos were HUGE. I mean, huge. I was pleasantly surprised by the size of the burritos (did they up their portions??) and was able to take half home with me. Good thing, considering it was nearly $7. We also ordered horchata but there was so much ice it was sucked down in no time. Note to self: next time ask for light ice.Okay, so that visit I was surprised. Maybe I was wrong? So my second visit I called in three breakfast burritos to go. I'm imagining the last burrito I had and think surely I can't be disappointed. Wrong! I pick up my burritos, pay $19.33 for them ($20 on breakfast burritos?!) and they are measly! They are HALF the size of the previous burritos. What the hell? Consistency please! I really don't know if we'll be back or not.. I'm thinking third times a charm and maybe they'll have things figured out by then, so maaaybbbeee we'll give it one more shot. Like I said, I'm torn. I really do want to love America's Taco Shop.
2	What the crap folks? So much "blah blah blah" "this place is so great" spewing from Yelpers and the media that I felt like I was missing out.  I finally went to this damn place and I guess I am missing the point because this was a joke.Their menu has all of about 5 things on it.  Most of them seem reasonably priced until you see their size.  I ordered the Vampiro because it sounded good, had guac, carne asada, and was portrayed as a quesadilla type meal.  Ya, this thing was like the size of a Kennedy half dollar - and half as filling!  What the hell? $4 for this?  I can't even taste the guac!!If I want cheap good mexican food, I guess I'll stick with 'Bertos because this place is a disaster.  At least at 'Bertos I can get more than 5 items and the burritos are Soviet-car-sized.
3	The food ok, the atmosphere, frankly, awesome. I loved the decor, the redone retro house, patio, waitstaff... yelp, yelp, yelp. But at the end of the day, Best carne asada in Phx? Nope. The lady and I only ordered some tacos but since this was a taco shop, I figured the signature item was the best bet. Yea, I'll be back but not til after I really find the best carne asada. 5 years still looking...
2	This was yet another stop on what turned into our Fall Break Tour of Phoenix Magazine's Best New Restaurants of 2009.  Unfortunately, I disagreed with Phoenix Magazine again.  It was lunchtime and we had been doing a lot of shopping, so the husband and I had worked up quite the appetite.  We didn't realize that America's was going to be more like appetizer sized food that comes out in entree time.  We waited in line for about 5 minutes or so, I looked at the menu and decided to go basic with a bean and cheese burrito.  It sounded really good at the time.  We ordered and then sat down and waited.  And waited, and waited, and waited.  Ugh!  But wait, the husband's food came out first.  Almost an entire five minute before mine.  His meal was so small he was pretty much finished by the time I got my burrito.  My burrito was really blah.  I think it's cool that they don't cook the beans with lard, but apparently that translates into a complete and utter lack of flavor.  Same goes for the cheese.  I had no idea any was even in there.  So, I left hungry and unhappy with a nasty bean film in my mouth.  I won't be back.
4	I was so hungry after attempting to waste time downtown between meetings (aka window shopping).  I wanted to treat myself to lunch, but did not want a super long wait (it was lunch time), and also didn't want to drop a ton of cash...and I wanted something delicious!That's when I remembered that I had heard great things about America's Taco Shop (America, by the way is the name of one of the owners, it is not a reference to our continent).  It seems everyone has been hearing great things about America's Taco Shop--I even heard some guys there talking about how it really has blown up (thanks to yelp and news reviews) and that there even is another location in the works.I got a bean and cheese no-lard (good!) burrito.  I got the regular size which was perfect and chips and salsa.  It was SO GOOD...creamy bean and cheese...mmm...I really should not write reviews while I'm hungry...I'm too tempted to go down there immediately...anyway...The prices are great, the salsa is to die for (spicy, pureed almost, really great--perfect on the chips).  There wasn't a crazy line (though I make no promises, this place is popular and there was a longer line when I left).  Parking was slightly cramped, but especially decent for downtown.There is seating outside on a fun large patio enclosure.  You order at the counter and the food is brought to you.  It's a great place to go and eat Mexican food without feeling like you just blew your morning at the gym...that is, unless you overeat by ordering every item on the menu--which you might be tempted to do, everything's so good.
5	Good food and atmosphere... The quaca is pretty tasty and has a good flavor. My partner and I each had an Vampiro and shared a Trio. Very fulfilling and for $20 a great price. Wish we could have gotten a refill on the chips but hey it was still good food.
3	The food here is really good. I've had both the tacos and burritos. Their gucamole is also quite yummy. On the downside, I think their portions are a little on the small side.
3	We like supporting the new local businesses...so here goes. Guess we're use to the giant sized Chipotle burritos, so the regular burritos were on the small size. The carne asada was overall pretty tasty. For a pretty limited menu, we waited awhile for the food. I kept thinking that they should offer a carne asada plate with rice and salsa. Maybe their upcoming new location on 7th Ave will have a bigger menu?!
4	The bean and cheese burritos are made of crack.   I guess I like crack.
2	Am I missing something here? I've actually been back to America's. Twice after my first visit, convinced that I had accidentally gone to the wrong America's or perhaps stumbled into a nearby taco shop on 7th. Alas, the helpful Yelp photo informs me that I have, in fact, now eaten three times at the Famous America's Taco Shop.I can't emphasize how incredibly average and underwhelming the fare here is. See, I'm a burrito man, myself. I don't claim to know Mexican food or it's various subgenres, but I did live in San Diego for three years and I've definitely had what I would call over-the-top, blow your socks out your a** good Mexican food. The same can be said for any number of burritos. America's, I'm sorry to say it, but neither your tacos nor your burritos live up to the incredible hype that now surrounds you (although, the salsa was really, really good).I'm still on my quest for the Best Burrito in Maricopa County, I'll let you know when I find it fellow yelpers.
3	I saw the segment on America's on Sonoran Living and wanted to check it out.They have an extended patio now, which was nice-had some heaters too which was nice on a chilly night.The interior is cute and charming-an old bungalow style home with some tables thrown around.The menu is tiny. there are just a few choices-and nothing more than carne asada, a bean burrito and ceviche one night a week.  That's not horrible but don't come here if you are looking fora  vast area of menu items. Cheap and tasty and the salsa for the nachos was the best I've had since arriving in AZ 2 1/2 years ago. Tamrindo juice was also very tasty.
5	I rely on ATS for both dinners out and food to grab on the way home from a busy day.  Delicious food, great beach-like atmosphere and friendly staff.
4	New Taco shops seem to be opening at a fast clip and America's stands out as one of the best. We absolutely love the quesadilla and the  tacos. The corn is also a must have. If you go with two people, don't miss their meal for two deal that includes two drinks. We can't wait until their 7th Ave store opens in January. Hopefully the quality will stay the same.
5	ATS is down to 3.5 stars now?  No way!  This place rocks.  My lady and I have a ritual of sorts now for this place.  I'm here pretty much every Sunday afternoonThe tortillas here are so fresh and delicious, probably my favorite.  This place is not your greasy Mex place, it is clean and well thought out.  The menu is small, but I never am craving anything they don't offer (i.e. everything they have is good).  I have tried a bunch of similarly priced mex places in the valley and ATS outdoes them all.  You can spend more money to get a higher level of Mex, but at $3.25 for a bean and cheese burrito from heaven, this place is perfect.
5	This place should be the first stop on your way back from the airport especially if you are picking up visitors.  There really is no excuse to not stop there if you are anywhere within a five mile radius.The guac is scrumptious and chunky, but not overwhelmingly so.The carne asada burrito is bursting with the stuff dreams are made of...melt in your mouth perfectly seasoned carne asada with a little mini key lime wedge that is just begging to be squeezed.
4	I went here once...totally didn't know what to expect.  For such a small place I expected the worst.  All I can say is it was surprisingly good.  The corn on the cob covered in cheese looked like a nightmare but it was the best thing I've had in a long time.  Carne asada was also really, really good.  Salsas and guacamole were nice and fresh.  Overall a great find.  Will for sure be back again and again...am anticipating the opening of the new location so I don't have to drive so far.
4	Very good carne asada and bean n cheese burritos.  Fast n friendly service.
4	I am worried that they are already opening a second location, especially since it's so close to the original.Love the carne asada tacos. Hate the parking situation. Love the mom-an-pop atmosphere.And I love the fact that I can ride my bike there, not have to worry about parking, have a couple cold beers on a Friday night and relax.
2	After hearing nothing but rave reviews of America's Taco Shop, it was time to give it a try.I ordered their "best Carne Asada in town" tacos. And I beg to differ. There are plenty of places I have had better Carne Asada. I'm going to blaspheme according to some, but I've had better Carne Asada at Chipotle, for meat's sake. I thought the meat was overcooked. I have yet to find somewhere that comes close to Comedor Guadalajara for Carne Asada. The side of beans was ok. The staff was courteous and friendly, the service was great.But, I really don't see what the big deal is about America's Taco Shop. After all the hype, I expected it to be great. But it was good, at best.With a menu as limited as America's Taco Shop has, they should excel at what little they do offer and that's just not the case.
5	I haven't tried the Carne Asada here yet (but I know I will be back to do so) but all I can say is BEST BEAN & CHEESE BURRITO EVER!!!After reading some reviews on yelp I decided to go and pick up lunch at America's.  The parking was a bit tricky to figure out at first, and I wouldn't recommend going after you get your car washed or if it is raining because it is just a dusty, dirt lot; but once I got inside and got my burrito, all was forgotten.They advertise that they don't use any lard in their beans...and well, lard is usually what makes the beans so creamy and delicious; so I was intrigued.  Well upon my first bite, I was not missing the lard at all!  The tortilla was so fresh and delicious, and the beans, oh the beans, were creamy and had just the right amount of melted Monterrey jack cheese mixed in with them.  I was in heaven...and for only $3.25....this is definitely a budget friendly and waistline friendly meal!  P.S. I only ate half of the burrito to start with, and then ate the other half later cold....it was almost even better cold!I will be back...and next time...I will try to force myself to try the carne asada!
5	America's has, by far, the best bean & cheese burritos in the valley.  It's huge, cheesy, messy, and is almost as good as my Grandma used to make.  Today I scored an XL bean & cheese burrito, chips & salsa, and a large iced tea for under $8.  Service is really, really friendly and even during the height of the lunch rush, they're fast!  Love it!
4	Good food, great prices. Need I say more? America's is a convenient little converted house along busy 7th Street. There's outdoor seating, which is good because it's quite tiny indoors. The carne asada is absolutely delicious, as are the beans, which are nice and creamy (and vegan). I recommend the guacamole and fresh chips to complement your meal. They also serve a small selection of beer and aguas frescas. The customer service is excellent and the food, while simple, does not disappoint. Cheap, tasty, filling.
3	Me and a few coworkers decided to check the place out since it landed in the Phoenix magazine. We got there at 11:30am, which apparently is a good time because when we were getting ready to leave the line was out the door and there were no open seats. The parking lot is super tight. Seating in cramped, but you know what, I didn't mind. Menu is little, makes it easy to order!!I got two tacos (carne asada) and corn. The tacos were great, but not out this world. The corn, however, was delicious and because it was I will be back! My coworkers got the torta and burrito and we all share nachos and salsa. The torta got rave reviews and I will be getting that next time.  The horchata, per my coworker, was the best she's ever had. Overall a good experiance.
5	This is the place to go for some good tasty Mexican food. The staff is always happy to talk about the various items on the menu and makes great suggestions. We had the Ceviche, Vampiro, and Two Tacos and tried both Margaritas. I would no suggest the Jamaican Margarita but some people like it.
5	Probably the best carne asada and margaritas on earth.  The meat is fresh and a good cut.  It's been marinated perfectly and grilled over an open flame shortly within your order being placed.  I was hooked on the first bite.The salsa is so fresh and delicious.  The perfect amount of spice and sweet and you can tell it is probably freshly prepared daily.Don't even get me started on the Jamaica Margarita.  It is so damn good, I wanted to bathe in it.  I ordered two of them the first time I went.  I girl behind the counter came out to ask me if the margarita was good because she had just made the batch fresh before I came in.  I told her the only problem was the glass was too small.You have to try this place.  Everyone I know loves it and I didn't know it even existed until a few months ago.
4	for burritos, this place is great.america's bean and cheese burrito features peruano beans, which are definitely tastier than your standard pinto.  pretty simple and straightforward, but well executed.  has the unfortunate tendency to fall apart, though, as the delicious beans soak through the delicious tortilla wrapper.the carne asada here is super tasty.  obviously, anyone claiming the best carne asada in phoenix can expect a throwdown, but for people with gringo sensibilities, this is a pretty great version - not as crispy as some more traditional places, well-seasoned, and juicy, which is rare among carne asada purveyors.i think the best way to experience it is in a burrito, but i know people who are big fans of the torta and the taco incarnations as well.beer is cheap.  refresco margaritas are divine, getting better with each sip.  the patio is a really fun place to hang out.there are a few knocks keeping this from five-star perfection.  quesadillas are a bit disappointing and boring given the quality of everything else.  there is a lack of salsa offered for your food. you get a cup of some fresh and tasty - but crushingly mild - stuff, with no options for spicier or more interesting fare.all in all, a really solid neighborhood joint.
4	some of the best taco's you can find in phoenix.the meat was cooked to perfection & spot on for taste. i also tried the vampiro,somewhat like a carne asada tostada.the place is clean and has a nice atmosphere.try to avoid the lunch rush to enjoy your meal.although i wish the salsa was a bit spicier.
3	So after all the hype, I finally decided to give this place a shot. They're opening up a new location right by my house on 7th Ave and just North of Indian School, but seeing it being built piqued my curiosity.  I decided to get takeout from the 7th St. location. We ordered a Carne Asada Burrito, Vampiro, mexican corn, guacamole and salsa with chips, a horchata and the lady talked me into trying their new Pastor, in a taco. Total damage was just under $25.00.Carne Asada Burrito- It was okay, nothing to write home about (which I have to say was disappointing, I was expecting to have "the best carne asada in the valley" that they bravely boast, but it just wasn't all that great)Vampiro-Tostada with the carne asada, again just mediocre and a bit cold.Corn-Disappointing. The menu boasts mayonnaise, cotijo cheese, hot sauce and lime but somehow I think I only got the mayo and cheese. It somehow managed to be bland and needed some salt (not sure how that happened with the cotijo)Pastor Taco-It was pretty good, no complaintsHorchata-The flavor was good, but the texture was a bit grainy, which I'e never experienced while drinking horchata.Salsa/Guacomole- Good house salsa, just the right amount of heat. Guacamole was good to, no complaints here.Overall, it's pretty good. Is there anything I'd actually crave from there that I couldn't get at a kajillion taco shops in PHX? No.
4	I don't know Phoenix well enough to know the great debates over what taco joint is the best in town. I quizzed every local store clerk I could until I got a very passionate recommendation from the girl working at Smeeks, so my pal and I drove over and checked it out.I have to also say that being from Michigan, my review is totally slanted by the fact that I drank a Coke with real sugar in it and chowed down on an awesome carne asada quesadilla on a sunny outdoor patio in mid-January. And really, I could care less if that influenced my review, because I was in love with the moment, and that's all that mattered.Big time bonus points for the guy at the counter, who took my order, talked to me about the Creature From the Black Lagoon, and was in general very nice. I got out under $10 and still enjoyed a great meal that I'll remember for a while.I know if I come back to Phoenix that I'll have to check out the competition, but for my money I thought America's Taco Shop was well worth the recommendation.
4	So I decided to return and give it a second chance. My food didn't blow me out of the water the first time I went, but was pretty good and I've been having some serious cravings for carne asada lately.  I went with the Torta de Carna Asada and HOLEY MEXICAN SANDWICH BATMAN!!! The absolute best torta I've ever had!! The bread was super soft and flaky, had the carne asada (which was much better this time..and two days later when I went again...sssh don't tell my wife) guacamole and I think onions.  Overall, THAT'S the item I'll go back for....probably more than my wife and doctor would sanction....but I won't tell if you don't tell.....
2	Went back to America's Taco Shop last night for my fourth time. I used to think it is over-rated and too expensive, and after last night, I'll just say that it truly isn't very good. $20 for dinner for two is reasonable enough, but the food is absolutely the blandest, most americanized, excuse for Mexican I've ever eaten. I grew up in Phoenix, in a hispanic neighborhood, eating Mexican for almost every meal every day. This place is not the least bit Authentic... it's just a gringo excuse for mexican food.The patio out front looks like some amateur do-it-yourself'er made a trip to Home Depot and built a budget enclosure. Seriously? you put plywood up in your parking lot... that's not really a way to make a proper patio. I can't believe the city allowed this debacle. The kid who took our order on our last trip didn't know what was on the menu and repeatedly asked the woman there what was included in our meal. Learn the menu before you go up front and start working... this is not his fault, it's poor training and management. Please boycot this restaurant so it can go away and the building can be used for something useful. There are a lot of great places up and down seventh street, but this piece of crap brings them all down to a lower level.
4	My favorite thing at Americas Taco Shop is the vampiro. It's like a meaty tostada and is muy bueno! The tortas here are also great; the bread is super soft and the carne asada is amazing. When I heard people talking about the corn on the cob I decided I had to try it. I was a little scared to try it since it had mayo all over it. I had nothing to be scared of- it was grilled deliciously with mayo, cojita cheese, chili and other spices. I do agree with other reviewers that the prices are a little high (really $2 for a can of coke?) but the food and the charm of America's Taco Shop will bring me back for lunch.
3	Yes, the bean and cheese burrito was good.  Yes, I'm glad they don't use lard (then it's vegetarian).  It was hot and cheesy.  But, it was just beans and cheese.  Nothing fancy.  I won't rave over it.The chips and salsa were OK.  I would have liked more salsa, but since you have to pay extra to get them in the first place, I didn't want to get charged more.The highlight of dinner?  The horchata!  I even got a refill to go as I left.I will probably go back, but I won't be craving it.
4	So, went back to ATS last weekend with the GF BF and really really enjoyed everything we had! So glad they added the additional seating out front so it isn't such a "Survival of the Fittest" situation and the horchata....seriously! I could have drank the entire jug she poured it from!We also had the carne asada tacos, a vampiro each and yes, a piece of heaven sent corn! We will definitely be back!!
5	Amazing food, atmosphere and great prices are a few of the things I love about this place.  I also love going to eat here because the food is the right proportion combined with tantalizing flavor that leaves me satisfied and not over stuffed!  A must for your mouth!
3	Very good tacos.  A bit small, but that is the nature of the street taco..  The vampiro is where it is at though.  Seemed to have more flavor and was more filling for sure.  Next time, I'll get two of those and skip the taco.They have some good deals for two with burritos tacos and beer.  Going to try that next time.
4	this place is a local favorite for a reason. The menu is rather limited, but what they do they do very well. The house specialty is carne asada and you know it as soon as the car door opens. Get a soft taco or burrito, add the salsa, squeeze on the fresh lime and savor the simplicity of classic mexican flavors.
1	Went there with my group of bff's and we were extremely excited to try out this new place when it had barely opened. Unfortunately, I later realized that their prices made me feel like I had spent more than what I bargained for.  Way too much hype surround this place.I had their carne asada quesadilla and carne asada tacos, the meat lacked flavor and none of the salsas were hot enough. It borders on authentic but it didnt do the trick for me. Plus the art inside looks too much like Rubio's, too bad its more expensive than Rubio's. By the way, most of this food is available south of this establishment around 16th St and Van Buren in roach coaches for a much cheaper price and with salsas que de veras valen la pena y pican.
4	I've been here three times once for lunch and twice for dinner. Lunch was pretty crowded, dinner not so much but tons of take out. Prices are cheap and food is good! I love the beans and I recently tried the guacamole and loved it. Try it out and see for yourself.
5	Best carne asada I have ever had.
3	MehStaff and service were just fine.Salsas were small in  portion and bordering on tasteless.  Carne asade xl burrito was ok.  Considering the reputation, I was expecting some really flavorful meat.  Nope, it was good, but completely forgettable.  I did enjoy the lack of greasiness in the food though.  I'll come back, but I don't understand why it's so highly rated unless every other place is just that bad.
4	Does this place deserve all the hype?  Yes.  Is the restaurant a great fit for the neighborhood?  Yes. Is this the place to enjoy the best tacos?  That is debatable like all things in life.Located in the the historic Coronado neighborhood in an old renovated house like many other businesses in the area.  If you know the area you know what I am talking about.  It's not in a strip mall like most of metro Phoenix.So why come here?  Here's a few reasons that I have come up with.  It's not to far from downtown so it's a convenient location for lunch.  It's hip, trendy and definitely not like anything you would experience in the rest of the valley.  It's very authenic. Prices are not very high.  Lastly the carne asada tacos are really really that good.I think America and her husband made their dream come true with the creation of this restaurant.  A small taco shop that serves up some great food, decorated very uniquely, and definitely different than most things out there.
4	I think I am more of a fan of the layout of the place. I love sitting outdoors and this has a great outdoor seating area so this was a plus for me. The food was great, although all I had was a carne asada burrito...which was awesome. Also the chips and salsa were very good, the man who took our order at the register also came out later and asked us if we wanted more chips and salsa which I thought was nice. If I did not get a large salsa with my chips I would have needed more to go with my burrito. Also, if I had not ordered the chips I might still be hungry because the burritos were a little on the small size. (Thanks Chipotle for ruining that for me)I'm looking forward to going back for happy hour, and if you friend them on facebook I believe you get info on specials on certain days. So if you are looking for a really great place to sit outside and have some great burritos and beer i would recommend this place first to anyone.
5	America's Tacos makes me happy.  From the cute retrofitted house it resides in, to the perfectly cooked Carne Asada that is tender while still retaining a crispy charred exterior - this place is awesome.  They also serve the best beverage ever created by humankind - the Iced Coffee/Horchata.  A great place to bring out of town guests to...
4	Authentic asada in a great setting.  This is a great place to grab a great carne asada.  We went in the evening around 8 and had a burrito, tostada and bean burrito between us.  Everything was good and fresh.  The ambience is nice with lots of outside seating.  I understand this place gets busy at lunch and even at 8pm there was a short queue!
5	The street tacos are incredible and I miss this place so much now that I live in New York. Cheap beers, delicious food, and friendly staff. I also like how the menu is simple and they stick to what they know best. It really is the best carne asada in Phoenix!
5	Just stopped eating meat, and not because I don't like the taste... believe me, I miss this carne asada a lot... but it gave me a reason to try the bean and cheese burrito - DELICIOUS!  And it says there's no lard it in... I didn't know what to expect (I thought the lard was what gave the beans that buttery good flavor), but WOW - best bean and cheese burrito I've ever tasted!  Slightly different flavor, but it's wooonderful.  That burrito, with the salsa that comes when you order chips, and a mexican bottled coke... preeetty much as good as it gets.
2	I am not quite sure what all the fuss is about. I found this place to be extremely overpriced and the food was just ok. My husband and I stopped by for a mid-week lunch and while he enjoyed his carne asada tacos, my quesadilla was served on a flour tortilla the size of a small corn tortilla and I subsequently had to order 4 baskets of chips to supplement my lunch. The salsa was good but why charge for chips and salsa? I could go to any other Mexican restaurant and get them for free and next time I will.
5	This place is BOMBTASTIC! The carne asada is GRILLED to perfection, seasoned well!It comes in a Burrito or Torta form.  You can't go wrong as the menu is very specific to only carne asada! Hehehehe.Go get some!!! Seriously!!
2	I am giving this a 2 star and not 1, because I went back a second time! I really really want to like this place. However, the food needs about a pound of salt, and I don't usually add salt. It lacks any kind of flavor.However, I love the watery guac and at 25 cents a side mixed it with those watery beans and add some salt MMMM. The steak is cut to perfection, but lacks flavor. THe tortillas are soft, but the portions are also very small. Also the sodas are really expensive I think our bottle of coke was $3.00 granted it was a bottle but still?? I do want to go back though and try again maybe I will have better luck!
4	I can't say that ATS has the best carne asada I've had in Phoenix, but the atmosphere and the patio make for a great evening. What's more, the bean and cheese burrito is pretty fantastic. I've also had their breakfast burrito a few times; you might want to ask for an extra side of salsa.The best part of ATS -- the staff is friendly and chatty. I was glad they placed a tip jar near the register. If you've ever visited Houston, you'll understand what I mean when I compare happy hour at ATS to happy hour at Mission Burrito. The food couldn't be more different, but that atmosphere is quaint and enjoyable.
3	Great food, small portions, high price and odd parking.I had a small burrito and tea for $8, which isn't so bad if you would get chips or something and more than 3 bites out of this delicious burrito. Now I do have a big mouth but the burrito was still small.I would pass on it.
4	A colleague and I went to ATS yesterday for lunch and again were very pleased with the meal. Now I am not a small appetite and it may be because the food is super good but the only downfall is the size of the tacos. However we both got the Taco Tuesday deal which you can't beat. The Carne was well marinated and cooked to perfection. The place is small so if you happen to go there on a hot summer day during a lunch rush you may not have the best experience however we sat outside on the patio and enjoyed a great lunch. This is one of my top go to spots for Carne Asada in Phoenix.  My colleague had been there before and got the Torta and said it was awesome as well!
3	I live right by ATS. RIGHT THERE. I had been there before and wasn't too impressed, but I had to give it another chance based on proximity alone. So I went after being reminded of the joint on abc15. The piece they were featured in made my mouth water so I decided to walk on over. I have to admit I am rather picky when it comes to Mexican food. I think most Mexicans are because nothing is going to compare to what Nana used to make us when we were young. Although I am choosy I do have favorite places that can suffice when I need some spice. (Sorry I had to be corny) They have signs that say best carne asada in town and I am sorry, but the Charlie's catering cart has better carne asada and they do not charge $3 per Mexican coke. 3 BUCKS! I am no cheap ass but damn. If you want to visit and  support small local business (which I totally do) check out ATS. If you want something less pricey and arguably more flavorful AZ has TONS of options.
3	Every bite I had was spectacular - sure, the choices are limited, but I appreciate when someone hones in on something they do exceptionally well.My main problem is portions. While cheap, the amount of food is tiny. I got 3 tacos @ $2.25/each and I got about 2-3 bites out of each taco. So, while cheap I would have had to spend another $6 to get enough.
2	I went here with a friend to try something besides Filiberto's for once.  We should have stuck to Filiberto's.  This place charges way more for a burrito that was nowhere near as large or delicious.  We both got bean and cheese burritos, deciding against the guacamole because they charge $1 extra for it.  Most places it is half that.  We also found that rice is not an option.When we got home, we found that our burritos were puny, floppy and understuffed.  They were reasonably tasty, but definitely not filling.  I could have eaten two of them, and I'm a light eater.Definitely disappointing.  I wouldn't recommend it.
4	Yummy Yummy! Had heard about this place not only being delicious but that it was started by a woman who came her across the boarder as an immigrant. With all the hubbub about immigrants these days, its sad to say that this place (amongst many others) wouldn't be here if it weren't for the blessed peeps who come over here and share not only their love but food and culture with all of us gringos who don't got nothing! I love the patio, I'm just missing the beach in front of me (instead of 7th street), especially because I've got a negro modelo in my hand, munching on some chips and (AWESOME) salsa. I ordered a carne asada taco and one cob of America's corn. Both were delicious! Although I was stuffed with it all, I think I could eat at least two tacos, they're pretty cute and small. The corn was amazing and the sauce the came with it was kind of sweet at first but by then end my mouth was on fire (in a good way). I LOVED IT! Jose got the quesadilla with carne. It was also delicious but small for $6. That was his problem "I paid $6 for that small thing, I could make it at home". Which, yes, is true but you didn't and its yummy.  The staff we're friendly and genuinely nice. Great music was on the speakers and it was extremely clean. Everything taste and smelled fresh and it just felt very comfortable.Saturdays & Sundays they have $2 pacificos, ALL DAY! I've got a girlfriend coming into town in a couple of weeks, I guess I know where we will be hangin out at.Thanks America!
4	In a sea of great Mexican restaurants, I've always found it difficult to find a great taco shop like the kind you can find in Mexico or even southern California. Maybe I'm not looking in the right places here in Phoenix...but, along came America's and man do I dig their grub and their vibe. I've ben eating here regularly (at both locations) since they have opened and have yet to have a poor experience. The taco's are great and my wife swears by their bean burrito. Fire up a Pacifico on the patio and life is good. Very good. Best Carne Asada in town? My vote is yes.
4	So many great things about America's Taco Shop.  It has become one of our favorite places in the valley.  Good food, cheap beer, great patio. The carne asada is really great.  All their ingredients taste fresh.  It is one of the best places in Phoenix for cheap, easy eats.  Go grab a carne asada now!
4	I drive by this taco shop treat on a daily basis and love shopping in the Melrose District. Mexican food restaurants line the streets of Arizona like every day is Cinco de Drinko, so I had to check them out and see how they earn the title of America's Taco Shop. During the work day, I'm on the hunt for lunch spots where I can be in and out without a true sit-down experience. Someplace with an outdoor patio is a plus, unless it's a sauna outside. America's Taco Shop had just that. You enter and order at the counter, then you can chose indoor or outdoor seating. Sadly, it was a bit windy when I went and in addition to my plastic silverware running away from me, the misters decided I needed a mid-afternoon shower. With such Yelp reviews, I felt the pressure when ordering my food and wanted to make sure I got the real experience, so I asked the cashier what his favorite choice was. He said the Carne Asade Burrito was hands down his favorite. I'm not going to question the man who lives and breathes by the restaurant.  They brought me chips and salsa while I waited. The chips tasted fresh and probably homemade. The salsa had a hint of a kick to it but not enough to send you to the fire hydrant. Then came the burrito. The tortilla was homemade, fresh and like it was straight from Mexico. Very tasty! The burrito itself was pretty darn good. I'm a sucker for guac so I wish I'd asked for some on the side. I've been to my fair share of Mexican restaurants and this burrito pretty much melted in your mouth. So on days when I'm a lunchtime loner or the social butterfly with friends, I'll definitely recommend this spot for tacos....wish I could have tried the margaritas. Cha Ching! The cashier pointed out two great traits. 1. Taco Tuesdays: four tacos for $6.00. Not bad! 2. Happy Hour. The happiest hour of them all with $2 beers and $1 tacos. Looks like I'll also be making a stop on my way home from work!
5	Ok - so five stars? You ask . . .really for a small taco shop with a small menu? But here is why - I think that inexpensive eats are hard to find - especially ones that are worth eating at. But this is the place - I have tried a wide range of items on their menu - and this morning I ventured to America's for a little breakfast burrito. Everything is always great!! Also - not over done or over complicated - just good simple food. Enough said!
1	Another shitty over "hyped" establishment. My quesadilla had shredded lettuce that was shredded so fine it resembled a green blob. By the way, iceberg lettuce fucking sucks. It tastes like hell, is primarily water, is cheap as shit, and has no nutritional value. The diced tomatoes were from a can. Salsa was bogus & chips were not home made. The bean & chz. burrito was deflated as an old tire & tasted like one. It was all tortilla.... In a nutshell, this is nothing but bar food. Nothing authentic here. F. this place.
5	I stopped by here last night after the Suns game. It was cheap and fast. Also, it was by far the best carne asada I have ever tasted. It was tender and juicy, and not at all rubbery. I know the last time I had carne asada it was rubbery, but that was also from a 'bertos joint. I enjoyed the way this place is set up. Walk up to the counter, order and they bring you your food. It is quick and efficient. We got the dinner for 2, 2 tacos, 2 burritos, chips and drinks for $20. The tacos were great, as were the burros. I will definitely be back. Oh the 5 stars are specifically for the quick, efficient service... and the BEST carne asada around.
3	I don't know if it's the best Carne Asada in town.  But it's darn tasty... flank steak assertively marinated and grilled, with a nice char on the outside.  The char sets good carne asada apart from the rest.  Loved the agua fresca offerings.... I got the jamaica and dining partner ordered tamarindo.  both tangy and refreshing.  however we take major points off for the chips/salsa.  it's a side dish for $1.50, with a fairly good sized basket of chips but a tiny little dribble of salsa.  we got more for another $1.50 and still felt ripped off.  I mean c'mon, kids, you can make gallons of the stuff for a small amount of dinero, you're shamelessly overcharging for it.  We will probably go back to try the Vampiro and the Pastor, but I'd gladly give more than 3 stars if you weren't so parsimonious with salsa, a Mexican restaurant staple.
5	I've lived all over California, I would literally fly to Phoenix for these tacos and burritos, though this hasn't happened yet. The carne asada tacos and burritos are probably some of the best I've ever had, except for one socal taco shop. The guacamole is tops too.   I have to admit the place is a little out of the way unless you are already near the airport.
5	I've been to both America's Tacos restaurants - one on 7th Avenue and one on 7th Street near my workplace.  The food was excellent on both occasions.  Perhaps a little pricey, but then again, I like good food and I will not lie...no other brother can deny.  Oops, sorry.  :)Anyway, go here and you will not be disappointed.  Great outdoor patio seating and good food...the combo can't be beat.
3	Food is above average.  The staff seems a bit too casual for my taste.  I know it's a take-out/quick service "restaurant", but talking to the guy in line in front of you about getting wasted isn't really my thing.
3	Being so close to my office, ATS was one spot I wanted to check out as soon as I saw it on Yelp. Walking in, you really have to love the layout. Another "restaurant in a house", the Shop has a very breezy open feel, with not a lot of seating. It was early, only 5pm, so there weren't many customers. Without a wait, I was able to walk right up and order a carne asada burrito. BurrITO. I emphasize the "ito", because when I got home, I realized they gave me a burro. Honestly, I didn't know the difference, so I can't be too upset.Biting into the burro, I immediately agreed with their motto; it really is the best carne asada I have had in town. Great flavor, a little salty, and the texture is perfect. The wrap was perfect; little bit of added flavor, but thick as well (which is essential with the juice from the carne asada). I only had two issues, and one may just be due to the mistaken order. The burro only had the meat and the pico de gallo, so it was a little boring. Delicious, but boring. Also, as others noted, it's pricy. Even without a tip, the XL burro was about $9, and you got something smaller than a Chipotle burrito. Once again, delicious, but a few bucks more than I would have liked to pay.Long story short, the meat is delicious, and it's well worth trying out. I will certainly go back to try a burrito, and will try to enunciate my words a little more!
5	Just ate here for lunch today and I walked away VERY happy! I had the Carne Asada Torta and I swear by the end I was stuffed but I did not want it to end! I wanted more! The meat is flavorful and accompanied by soft bread, mayo, guacamole, lettuce, and sliced jalepeno the whole thing is heaven! For being a Saturday it was not busy so our wait for the food was very minimal. I got the ceviche to go and I started eating it as soon as I got home, I couldn't wait. I love a good ceviche and this one is not too spicy and the shrimp are still tender (haven't been sitting in the liquid too long and continue to "cook" and get tough). I will be back, too bad I have to drive a ways to get here!
4	Eaten here a few times (7th street-Coronado district). I can say the place is small but has a cozy feel to it. It's an old converted house to restaurant. The food is a little pricey considering the portions are not huge (like Filiberto's or Carolina's (Extra Yummy). But the food was decent. I've eaten the Vampiro, Carne Asada Burrito, Chips n Guac/Salsa, and America's corn (yummy!!). My eyes are always bigger than my stomach :).  I will say that the last time I did get the corn, it was a little under-cooked. So it was a little harder to chew...but regardless, it was still good. Smothered with mayo, butter, and cojita cheese I think...how can you go wrong with all of that yummy-ness!!I would visit this place again, if I am down in that area. They also allow you to order online which I think is cool because that line gets very long very quick.
4	I was rather skeptical about this place upon arriving.  The menu is quite small, not leaving many options.  (Especially since I wasn't in the mood for Mexican - I was brought here by friends).  I decided to go for the Pastor tacos, and placed my order.  They informed me that tacos were on special and that by ordering 1 more taco, I would actually be paying less.  I did, and got a carne asada taco as well.  They were freaking delicious!  We also got the ceviche and guacamole and salsa, all equally as good.  If you are looking for unique drink, try the cochata.  (horchata mixed with coffee)  it has quite an interesting texture, but was good.It was a bit pricey, but I think if I had just stuck with the tacos, and skipped all the extras it would have been quite reasonable.  Enjoy!
4	Second only to Los Taquitos in command of carne asada, this place has one of the best burros...a great option when you're near downtown Phx.
5	Holy burito batman! This place is ama-za-zing! Great place to go, sit out side, have a drink an eat some delicious Mexican food!
4	Who doesn't like a good carne asada burrito? No one doesn't that's who. It's rudunk
3	I have no complaints about ATS, other than the high price to quantity ratio. It sits in a cute central phoenix location with a nice ambiance and a great patio. The food is fresh and tasty, however, portion size is rather small.Normally I would not portion size influence my rating, but when Phoenix has an abundance of inexpensive and amazingly delicious Mexican eats around, points will have to be deducted.
5	Okay I am ashamed to admit I eat here at least twice a week, but it's almost justifiable with the lard free beans and fresh ingredients!!!  Though I must say the service can sometimes be questionable, it's WORTH it (and Im a HUGE stickler about service so...)!!  My must have, bean and cheese burrito ADD their famous carne asada with guacamole! And warning: the chips and salsa may be habit forming :)
1	I do not understand why people are saying this is the best carne asada they've ever had.This place is really horrible! It was like having my old high school cafeteria making me tacos. Absolutely  no flavor in the meat! No flavor in condiments on taco or taco shell, or sauce. The amount of meat was very small. The chips and salsa was like it was from taco bell or something. The only flavorful thing I had there was the mexican bottled coke that was way overpriced, $3!Even the ambiance was low grade. Uncomfortable chairs and no personality.I am actually angry about this place getting good reviews. It is soooo easy to take beef, marinate it and grill it up and make it delicious. Maybe the people who think this is the best carne asada should go to the closest roach coach and get a real carne asada taco, it would be cheaper and 100 times better.
4	I happened to come here when it wasn't busy and I enjoyed it very much! I ended up getting a breakfast burrito with steak instead of chorizo and a roasted jalapeno. For my morning beverage pairing, I went with a cochata. The burrito was very good. I really liked the steak better than the chorizo in it and the beans were excellent; also, the jalapeno was super fresh! I really appreciate a fresh pepper like that. What really got me though was the cochata. It's pretty simple, coffee and horchata, but I had never had it before. The flavors go together very well, and if you like sweet coffee drinks, you should love this! I can't wait for the weather to get cool again because the patio looked awfully cozy and would be a great place to enjoy a cerveza.
4	I've eaten here several times and it never disappoints. It is priced very reasonably and the food is super tasty. Their tortillas are homemade and always awesome.
2	After doing some shopping nearby, I was lured into ATS by their slogan: "Best Carne Asada in Phoenix".  When ordering at the counter, the staff seemed very disinterested in helping customers.  When I finally did order my carne asada burrito, I was given a number and asked to take a seat.  While I waited, I noticed a few other customers wondering what was going on with the bad service at the counter.  When my carne asada arrived at the table, I was starving.  However, the burrito that sat in front of me was tiny.  I'm not really one to complain about small portion sizes, as I feel that most portions are too big, but this portion was just comical.  The burrito was served with a lime wedge that was dry and looked like it had been sliced the day before.  The flavor of the carne asada was bland, as was the texture.Overall, this was a pretty disappointing meal.   "Best Carne Asada in Phoenix" is a really misleading phrase to have on their sign.  This place is not even close.
4	I had the carne asada torta and loved every bite of it!  The meat was so tasty, and the sandwich was pretty filling (although it was so good I could have eaten another and just suffered through being really full).  My friends and I also had the guacamole, which may now be my favorite guacamole.  It had a great kick to it with a lot of cilantro...yum!We got there around 1:00 in the afternoon, and it wasn't crowded, but I'm guessing we were there after the lunch rush.  Parking did seem to be a pain as the spots in back were pretty limited.
4	This place was pretty good for Mexican, and I'll definitely be back.  My favorite was the Vampiro, which had guacamole and yummy grilled onions.  The bean and cheese burrito was huge and pretty good.  They also seem to have a pretty good happy hour menu which I'll be inclined to take advantage of.  The service was pretty good and the workers friendly, overall I have no complaints.  Although if a bottle of Coke is really $3, I would certainly stick with water.
3	I know that America's Taco Shop is known for its carne asada but I love their bean and cheese burro. I also enjoy their salsa. I agree that the size of the burro isn't as big as the 'hole' in the wall around the corner from my house but the food is great.
3	Loved the carne, hated the seating arrangement. We hit the Coronado location today for lunch and despite planning our meet for 11:30 to increase our chances of landing a table inside we were diverted to Patio City. Huge bummer.The burrito was all kinds of delicious (and the portion is perfect, unlike the 'roided up burritos found at Qdoba, Chipotle and even Chico's) but sitting at a rock hard, scorching hot picnic table took a bit of the enjoyment away from the experience. I understand the converted house is tiny (and that's part of charm), but would investing in some misters downgrade the authenticity? I think not. Also, I'm not against any Green initiatives, but delivering food baskets sans napkins is a bad move.I'll definitely go back for the carne, but probably not anytime before late October.
4	Today we had an office fiesta, thanks in part to America's Taco Shop. Some lessons learned, but overall the consensus was YUM. In the future we will order online and travel with a pick-up buddy (which is what we have to do for Pei Wei as well, but that's another review). Poor Jami went to pick up our orders by herself and had to park far away and walk in the 100-and-who-knows-what degree heat. I had the carne asada tacos, and I opted for the roasted jalapenos on top. These tacos were so delicious ..... You cannot go wrong with their carne asada. Everyone else also ooohed and ahhhed over their entrees. The chips and guacamole were also delicious. I cannot wait to get take out from here again.
3	I've only been here for lunch a few times, but when you have the carne asada burrito...  You dream about it for days after...   Wish they had better drink options with my lunch than a can of coke.  It's still worth trying.
4	So far, best carne asade in Phoenix, although I am still on the hunt (Nothing yet like Tucson's BK's).  Small menu leaves a little to be desired and their burritos have just the right amount of carne, but not much else, something feels like its missing.  Good food, great place to try couple things.  Will definitely be back many times.
3	I'll have to agree with my brother, and fellow reviewer, Ryan B. that the portions here are tiny. I ordered a $4 Vampiro, which was a flat, 1/2 taco shell covered in carne asada, cheese, and some green salsa. I didn't expect a full meal, but more that a half of a taco. I also ordered the ceviche, which is AWESOME! Served with a tiny potion of salsa, this ceviche is fresh and tasty! They only make it on Friday and Saturdays, which is why I only go to ATS on those days. Service is so-so. The staff doesn't look too thrilled to be there and have never been overly friendly. My biggest complaint is a can of soda is $1.50!! That is crazy! I am not a cheap person, but I really cannot stomach paying this much for a can of Diet Coke. I usually stop at a gas station on the way back to work to buy a soda because I cannot justify paying that much for a soda.
4	This place is excellent!They use ranchera carne asada... way better quality meat than most shops. Get the EXTRA LARGE carne asada burrito. The regular size is too small. Price wise, America's is going to be expensive compared to the cheap burrito places. But they make up for it in quality. The "Best carne asada in Phoenix" is not at this place... It's at my house! haha.Good place to catch lunch. Don't expect to be blown away... but it's enjoyable.
4	I like to get about one hundred burritos under my belt before I review a taco shop. In all honesty, America's Taco Shop is my neighborhood go-to place for my bean fix.  I stop by on my bike ride home.(By the way, where did the red bike rack go? It disappeared when the front patio grew. One-star deduction for disabling your cycling customers.)As other vegetarians have pointed out, the bean-and-cheese burrito is one of few veggie options (salsa, guacamole, vegetarian quesadilla, corn) at America's, but it makes the place.  I've heard rumors that the beans are not pinto, but some other two-word variety. Pray tell, America's.For a party at my house, I ordered triple salsa and chips and America's more than doubled this catering order in a large foil chafing dish.People often complain about the narrow options here, but I for one like a restaurant whose identity is clear -- carne asada and the best beans in town -- and sticks to it.The corn with cheese and hot sauce is hit or miss, depending on the tenderness and sweetness of the kernels that day, but subpar America's corn is still good corn.Bring back the bike rack, please.
3	I had the extra large carne asada burrito, and truthfully, I was not impressed.  The burrito was about half the size of chipotle's buritos.  Howeverf if you want really good mexican food, go to guadalahara south of teh the ball park on 7th st.
3	Pretty darn tasty but you better like Carne Asada as it's damn near the only thing on the menu.  Yes that's an exaggeration but the menu is ridiculously limited and nothing but pork and beef.  The horchata is excellent.
4	Could not believe how much I loved their carne asada - their sign "Best Carne Asada in Phoenix" wasn't some marketing ploy. I don't know who voted or where this info was published but I don't really care, it was GOOD. Not chewy or rubbery or half burnt - flavorful and delicious. I got the signature Vampiro Carne Asada taco with melted cheese, guac and carmelized onion. Just one, but could have eaten two for lunch with only minor regrets (my only complaint is that pulverized lettuce heap on top - any more pulsing in the food processor and that would have been lettuce mush). My dining mates got tortas, and raved. As a Mexican food traditionalist, I balked at the "Our beans do NOT contain lard!" sign, but perhaps some more healthful diners out there (and vegetarians) would appreciate that bit of info.I also ordered an America's Corn - or Mexican Grilled Corn, which is grilled and slathered with mayo (hey, don't knock it til you try it), sprinkled with chili powder and rolled in grated cotija cheese. It was on special that day for $1, but I was immensely unimpressed. Too bad. Maybe I'm just spoiled by Gallo Blanco's version, as that baby'll knock your socks off.As a special treat (it was my bday after all) I picked up a Mexican coke - yummy out of a glass bottle and with cane sugar instead of chemical crap. We enjoyed the picnic-style patio seating (a little loud with 7th St just feets away) but otherwise a nice spot. Will def come back for a HH, which is $2 Mexican beers (Corona, Dos XX, Tecate, Pacifico) and I want to say $1 tacos but don't hold me to that. I have to admit I am a fool for writing them off for a year due to their uninspired name and Dos Gringos-esque branding and atmosphere. But don't make my mistake; this place was fantastic.
3	This place is ok, not great and missed the wow-factor for me.  I'm a native, born and raised on carne asada, I'll probably die with a burrito in hand. As you will see, there are a lot of gringos in this place at lunch time.  Here's a clue for the white folks, good Mexican foods can be found where the Mexicans eat.  Again, don't get me wrong, this place is ok... just didn't deserve all the hype.
4	One of the most important things in life is to live no more than a minute away from great Mexican fast food. I'm blessed to have America's Taco Shop fulfill that need. 'Berto's beware, I'll never frequent you again thanks to the amazing Carne Asada at America's. The meat is freakishly tender and cooked to perfection. The grilled onions are the Cher to the meats' Sunny. Simply put, the Carne Asada burrito is damn good! The corn is a delight as well. I despise mayo and yet I still can't get past ordering the corn. Lightly coated in mayo then shellacked in cheese, with a spritz of lime and Cholula, the corn is to die (or kill) for. You'd think that two noteworthy items like these would be enough but NO! The true star of the shop is the beans. Light and flavorful they set the standard for beans everywhere. My sister is a little bit of a dirty redneck. When I mentioned that the beans were lard free she scoffed. I hate scoffing so I demanded that she try them. An hour later she was convinced, and properly apologetic. Thank you America's for giving me the rare win over a dirty redneck. America's is a great little shop in central Phoenix, and one that I will continue to frequent. Thanks for existing! NOTE: During peak hours the parking lot can be a little scary. You've been warned.
5	Finally, I have a favorite Mexican food place downtown!   The carne asada taco's are as amazing as they claim,  simply melt in your mouth delicious. You can't order a meal without getting the guacamole too, it's awesome.  Top it off with some Horchata and you have a great meal, which is also affordable.   Terry (owner) is really friendly, drives a cool car and just built a new deck to expand seating options at the restaurant.   Can't go wrong here!
4	I finally got a chance to taste what everyone has been talking about! Really fresh food, really good food and lots of it. I had the veggie quesadilla, a side of beans and a roasted jalapeno. The veggie quesadilla was simple - cheese, avocado, lettuce and peppers - but it was still tasty. I'm a sucker for beans, and although these weren't the best I'd ever had, they were still really good. I chopped up the jalapeno and added it to the beans. The 3.5 star rating that America's Taco Shop currently has (as of the beginning of January 2011) is not at all representative of the food and service that you'll get at the Shop. Go anyway, eat and be happy!
4	Fun little place with good tacos. Love to sit on the patio with a cervesa and a couple carbon tacos. Fresh and tasty!
3	This place came highly recommended. It thought it was so so. Went here for our last stop during our Arizona weekend. I had a vegetarian burrito, which was actually quite good. My husband had the carne asada burrito, which he really liked. Then I had the corn, which didn't have much flavor at all, even though it was covered in mayo and cheese. It does have a great atmosphere and friendly staff. Prices were great.
4	My entire family has become a fan of this place, and for the most part, I'm a fan as well.  The Carne torta is the best I've had in Phoenix, and the vampiro tacos are awfully pleasant and every satisfying.  They tend to have some fun stuff on the menu such as their shrimp ceviche or coffee/horchata mix, and they have some nice specials on weekends, and loads of Mexican beer (bleccch!) and o.k. margaritas.  They fall a bit flat on their side dishes, I certainly expected something better than what I got for "America's Corn"...not nearly as tasty as you would expect it to be.Overall, 3.5 - 4 stars for the food.They score 5 stars from me for the appearance of the place...the character and theme is decidedly local and doesn't feel overly contrived, which is the usual downfall for a place like this or a chain competitor (such as 2 - 2.5 star joints like Rubio's or Tacos Del Mar).  Solid four star service.For a family of four, expect to drop 25-30$.  Not bad for some pretty good and relatively authentic tacos and burros...enjoy!
4	I really loved their bean and cheese burrito. Yum!
1	Food was alright but I thought it was a bit overpriced for fast food Mexican that's really nothing special or unique. Me and my wife went there and it was over $20 and I was just barely full. It's a better value to just go to a local sit down Mexican restaurant or hit up another taco shop. In one word how would I describe? "Overrated"Can't believe I've read some reviews saying you get a lot of food for the money. Where do some of you eat where you walk away barely full and have spent over $20 on so so fast food and call it "cheap" and "large portions"?
5	5 stars for the carne asada. I like al pastor tacos and here I didn't like them. So if you like carne asada tacos go here.
5	Carne is the best. Yum. Have been back tons of times. Will always go back. Enough said.
5	This place is damn GOOD!  The carne asada, salsa, the beans and cheese are delicious.  The horchata is genuine and creamy, not watered down like other places.  And the place itself is comfortable and very inviting.  Love you America!I always come back here for my mexican craving.
4	Easy ordering online. My order was ready when I arrived. The carne asada is as advertised. I'll be back soon!
5	I had to see what all this hype was about so I soon became a regular at America's. I really love their tacos al pastor and love getting their ice tea with the hibiscus mixed in! Great to grab to-go to enjoy by the pool too!
3	Americas is a place that I had to visit more then once before I reviewed. It is good. The carne asada was tender and had a nice charred flavor. The bean and cheese burrito was good. The chips and salsa were bland, the salsa was "tomato sauce" as one of the 10 year kids said. The price was a little high esp $1.50 for each can of pop. That is $9 a six pack....
2	With a name like America's Taco Shop, I had to check the place out.  Got the "homemade" ceviche and the carne asada taco.  Thought the prices were a bit high for the quality and amount of food that I received.The ceviche and tortilla chips that came with it were a bit bland.  The carne asada taco was good but not spectacular.What got me though as I sat indoors in their dining room was I started to notice how dusty everything was.  There was a grimy layer of dust over all the decorations on the walls and the tops of the condiment bottles were frankly disgusting like they had not been wiped in ages.So I decided to check out their bathroom.  Sure enough, the ladder they had leaning against the wall had a layer of dust on them . . . . and I felt a little grossed out . . . let's just say, if the public areas like the dining area and bathroom are not clean and well care for, I don't really want to imagine the condition in the kitchen . . .
4	We walked into Halo (piercing shop downtown) and they handed us some pamphlets...One of them was a map with all the cool/hip spots downtown and we realized we hadn't been to many of them. So we Decided to go to all of the ones listed and cross em out.And, this was our first stop. I'm gonna start off by saying how much i like the vibe of this place, especially the outside seating on a sunny day.The food was so yummy.And, I normally don't like going to eat Mexican food other than my own Mom's kitchen because I am Hispanic and extremely picky.I really love their carne tacos and quesadillas..Their beans(lard free) are my favorite. The horchata is not that powdery crap.It's home made. I really do love this place.I've been here a few times already and also brought my parents who loved the place as well.The only thing I will say is that -if you want to get completely full, it is a bit pricey.I tend to crave this food a lot, and I'm glad I finally found a lil taco shop that met my standards.Way to go America!
5	Wow the carne asada burrito I had was great. It was also a plus that they had Mexicoke. The place was very clean and the customer service was great. I will be back.
1	Horrible Service, Horrible Food, I was told it was the best but that person must of not eatn for days, you know when your hungry dirt taste good and i would have rather eatn dirt then this supposed Mexican food.
4	First time today... finally -- i've been wanted to check out, but just have never ventured over. Met my friend Jack, of Social Latte, today for our take on "America's Taco Shop". I didn't consult the yelp reviews first of what to order, but decided that I may as well try a few tacos since that's the name of the place. I had the Carne Asada taco and the El Pastor taco. Of the two, the El Pastor was (IMO) wow!! I loved the sweet flavor of the pork. The carne asada was definitely alright but not as tasty as the El Pastor - - get that if you like/eat pork. Chips and salsa - - $1.50. We did get one friendly refill. But... today was one of those perfect weather days in Phoenix, where it's basically required to eat outside. So Jack and I enjoyed some rays out on their patio - - it was awesome! I felt as though I was back in Southern California somewhere. Yeah... a bit on the pricey side for a Mexican taco joint. $1.50 for a can of soda.... my total for soda, chips & salsa, and 2 tacos was $8.50. Oh well... I enjoyed it!
5	This was my 2nd time here, the tacos, beans and the quesadilla were great and the margaritas very good as well. This is  one of my new stops while downtown. I love the little house that has been transformed into the fun place to eat. I took 7 people to a quick lunch everyone rave about the experience.
3	Driving around looking for a mexican place to grab a quick lunch!!! Ja! there it was a small and rustic Taco place! They only offer carne asada and al pastor in many different ways but there are all great! It was perfect! they even sell beers... awesome! The carne asada had an amazing good flavor... Al pastor wasn't my favorite but very tasty too! Their margaritas aren't strong enough I guess because is a draft one! Very nice place! I'll recommend this place for a quick lunch!
4	I have been a fan of America's ever since I was introduced to it over a year ago.  I tend to eat vegetarian dishes most of the time, and can definitely say I've had my fair share of non-meat dishes with no flavor.  The beans here are amazing (and lard free!), as is the guacamole.  The Trio is a great starter which includes chips, salsa, and guacamole. For the vegetarians the bean burrito (I add guac to it with a roasted jalapeno on the side), is quite tasty.  The menu item I look forward to the most (and sometimes go just for this item) is the America's corn.  Don't let the ingredients scare you away, just try it.  It's DELICIOUS!.  Sweet corn covered in mayo, cotija cheese, chili, and lime.  My boyfriend frowned at it the first few times I ate it in front of him, but once he gave it a chance he was hooked.  I crave these all the time!I do have one complaint about America's, and that is the horchata.  The horchata had good flavor, but is REALLY grainy.  I think it would be a lot better if it was strained.  This has lead me to no longer order horchata from here which is unfortunate because it makes a great accompaniment to their main dishes.        I have been to all three of their locations and each has an awesome patio great for enjoying a beer or margarita on a warm Phoenix day!
2	I heard so much about this place I had to try it. I got three Tacos, very bland nothing special, a side of beans,lard free and the guacamole got the two starts. No service at all, or they must have been short of people. The server forgot the beans and finally my friend had to go to the counter and ask for it ( probably overlooked).  We were done with the tacos. The tacos, reminded me of "where is the canasada?" very little beef, the shredded lettuce didnt add anything and the salsa did not have any flavoring or punch. I love to support locally owned business, unfortunately we will not go back.
4	Walk up to the counter to order... be prepared to want everything on the menu... we got the Carne Asada taco (extra spicey for a nominal cost), the softest corn tortilla , guac, chopped lettuce, carmamelized onions, and fire-roasted tomoto salsa, and the Al Pastor, (marinated pork), chopped cabbage, etc, JUST go there.. you can eat outside (weather permitting) or stay chilled inside. Not many tables. who cares. get take out. will go again..yummmm.
5	Best bean and cheese burrito. Ever. And it's vegetarian friendly. Please go try the burrito, I'm on the other side of the country and can't -- you can. Go right now. I literally drive straight to America's when I fly into Phoenix for business.The newer site on 7th ave is less busy. If you're in a hurry, call ahead - they do carry-out fast!
4	They claim to have the best carne asada in Phoenix, but it's the best I've tasted anywhere...including Mexico.
2	Was REALLY hoping that this place would be amazing...It wasn'tTotally over-ratedCarne Asada is very bland$1 tacos from taco trucks in LA BLOW this place awayClose by...such a shame
4	I'm pretty sad I don't live as close to here as I used to. I'm sure my waistline is happy, though! America's has delicious bean burritos! The beans are creamy, cheese perfect and wrapped up in a very fresh tortilla. I hear the Carne is really good (But I obviously haven't tried it). Salsa is okay. I like a little more spice, but I guess at the temp it is I am able to load more on a chip without breaking out into a giant sweat. We usually did takeout, but the inside is cute. It's incredibly tiny as well, so I recommend the patio if you eat here unless you like people waiting for to-go orders standing like sardines pressed against you while you are trying to eat. The menu is small and limited. They serve beer. The prices are good. Give it a try! It's not the kind of place you go on a date to or plan an evening for, but for lunch or a quick dinner on a busy day it's perfect!
5	America's Taco Shops have great atmosphere. Their food is super, and I love it when they have specials.  The chips and salsa, delicious. And the people are always nice here.  The only drawback is that they don't stay open super late. :(  So I gotta get there early!
2	This place is OKAY. Based on all the hype and the price, I guess I expected more. A lot more? The food was decent and far from memorable. Their pomegranate margarita is good, but it came in the world's tiniest cup...it may have even been a thimble, I'm not sure. America's Taco Shop is still a cool spot in the valley and I appreciate that it's there, but in Phoenix where Mexican food places are everywhere you look, this will never be a priority stop for me. I'd rather eat the tacos from the Cocina at the 16th Street and Roosevelt Ranch Market. Really.
2	Americas Taco Shop is a little nieghborhood hangout. I ordered two carne asada tocos, chips and salsa (yes, you have to buy chips and salsa!), and a Jamaica drink. I got the last chips in the bag!, two tacos with the left over carne asada from the day before, and a Jamaica drink that was way to strong. This must have been a bad day for America, as it was a bad meal for me!
5	Love their beans, always get a bean and cheese burrito with whatever else I order.  Seriously- heavenly.
5	Best Carne Asada ever!
4	I've been into Americas a few times. Its a very nice Taco shop, not sketchy at all. America's Taco Shop is named after the owner: America (is her first name).I'm allergic to flour tortillas, so I havent really been able to enjoy them. But the taco meat is very good :)Summer time drink: Try the Horchata. Or Horchata with Coffee.
5	Yummy food. I had the Tacos Pastor. 1 buck a piece on happy hour:-)
2	On a referral write-up we read in a well received Phoenix Food publication, my Fiance & I put America's Taco Shop on our list of 'must visits,' as we both absolutely LOVE great Mexican Food. Consequently, after some time lapse from the date of reading the esteemed recommendation of this Shop having 'THE GREATEST CARNE ASADA in the Valley,' we FINALLY visited and experienced their food last night for dinner.  We ordered 2 Carne Asada Burritos (regular size) and 2 Carne Asada Tacos, just as they are prepared, unmodified.  The tacos are without a doubt good.  However, they are standard Asada street tacos in size and with garnishing.  Outside of happy hour times, these Asada tacos are sold at $2.35 each, not at all a good value, however, during happy hour, they're only $1.00 a piece, which is appropriate, relative to what one receives in portion.  The burritos, when ordered in the regular size, can easily be referred to and identified as a junior sized burrito, which will set you back about $6.00 a piece...This is UNHEARD of in the Valley, where GREAT MEXICAN FOOD abounds and is generally offered at a very good value.  Not the case here.  Food was good, but certainly NOT THE GREATEST CARNE ASADA in the Valley...Not even marginally.  Needless to say, my Fiance and I were equally disappointed with our findings.  Therefore, we will not return nor recommend America's Taco Shop as a 'must visit' Asada stop to any of our friends or colleagues; UNLESS one finds themselves in an unusual bind and it's happy hour time...Then buy all means, take your dollar bills and order the Asada tacos and a Margarita then call it an afternoon.  Should you be looking for a REAL MEXICAN FOOD experience with highly anticipated supreme flavors and substantial portions, do yourself a favor and pass on this place.
4	America's - still very happy with you. I wanted to write an update, because I think your breakfast burrito's are great. However, I have a recommendation.  Every place that I go for breakfast in Texas has Breakfast Tacos. Tortilla; chorizo/carne asada; eggs, chile. Given that you now own the rights as being one of the best taco shops in Arizona, would you consider adding breakfast taco's to your menu? think about it- your lovely carne asada; some eggs; etc. I'm just thinking of options to add to your breakfast menu. You can thank me later.
4	I'm a big fan of the burritos. Carne Asada, Pastor and Bean & Cheese. The place is usually really crowded around lunch time on the weekdays.
4	I have never been disappointed with America's Taco Shop. I love this place... The vegetarian quesadilla, beans, guacamole and salsa are all staples for me. And I just LOVE that they have lard-free re-fried beans...  At most places,  if you want vegetarian, you have to get whole beans or black beans... The co-chata (half coffee, half horchata) is seriously amazing.... They also have one of the best margaritas I've had in quite a while, which was surprising to me... Even better that its low-cal and on tap. I guess the only thing that would make this 5 stars is if it were slightly cheaper... but whatever, I'm always willing to pay for good food!
5	The tacos are very consistent and tasty at both locations. I usually get some tacos on the way home after work.
4	Still a consistent place for a unique bean and cheese burrito, a crave-worthy breakfast burrito, and a fresh tomato-and-cilantro-heavy salsa.Many of the 2-star ratings focus on portion size and price, but for a regular meal made from scratch (not a super-sized gorge fest that is drive-thru Mexican), America's is a strong value; plus, you can meet the owners, unlike the corporate -berto's model.They still need a bike rack though. -1 star.
3	I've definitely had better tacos and pricing elsewhere, is was just ok. I'll try the one in tempe next time, maybe it will be better. Horchata wasn't that great either:( salsa and meat had no taste! The meat was dry and sad looking... boo maybe 2 stars?
4	The carne asada is to die for!!  Inexpensive and simply delicious!  A great stop either before heading to the airport or after landing!
4	Mi casa es su casa!  Literally!  This little house in phenix was converted into a taco shop. Talk about home cooking!I really enjoyed my visit. food was good, and so was the service. I had tacos de carne asada and a Mexican coke. Yes there's a difference. (Coke review coming soon) plenty of parking in the back (yard). Make sure to stop by and pay them a visit. I like it so much I think I'm moving in.Keys please!
4	Americas was good and I would go back. I wasn't blown away by the tacos but my kids loved their dish and my wifes meal was really good. If you are driving by and you are hungry it is definitely worth checking out. Ask the staff what they recommend.
5	There is no shortage of Mexican restaurants in AZ and this one is one of the tops on my list.  It's not your average Mexican fast food.  It's a little more pricey but well worth it.  Their bean and cheese burrito is so good (they say no lard and I don't know what else they use to make it good).  Their carne asada and pastor tacos are done to perfection.  I stop by whenever I pass by this place.
5	Absolutely love the tacos al pastor! The refried beans are pretty good, too. Fiance loves their carne asada, and I think it's pretty good, too, but I just can't shake the pastor addiction! Oh, and I love America's corn - covered in mayo, cotija cheese, and served with lime!
4	Two visits during my brief trip to Phoenix.  Had carne asada both times.  The burrito was very plump and fresh.  I enjoy the very thin style tortillas used here.  Prices were dirt cheap.
2	Mediocre food. Overpriced. I got the Carne Asada Torta. Not horrible but NOT good. If you want a delicious amazing Torta... Go to Los Reyes De La Torta. It's 7 miles North of this place.
4	This place is a favorite of mine and my little sis, a little haven for fresh mex-americano:)  You can't go wrong with the pastor tacos, guacamole, salsa, and iced tea!  The food is prepared very authentically, but very fresh--i love the pico de gallo they top the tacos with, and the mango salsa is fantastic!Have to park around the corner sometimes when parking lot is full, but what are ya gonna do??  I love this place.  There is also another one in central phx off 7th ave, better parking there...still good food!
4	The food is fantastic, but the portions are disappointing.  You're paying for the quality of the ingredients at America's Taco Shop.  The food is not that expensive, but you're going to need to order more than you think you need to if you want leave feeling full.  Just be ready to spend a lot more than you thought you would at this dive.I had the carne asada burrito and pastor taco.  I love that there's guacamole in the burrito, and the caramelized onions are great.  The burrito is fantastic, but a little smaller than I'd like for $6.  There is an XL option for $1 more.  Maybe I should try that next time.  The taco was also really good, but also small for $3.  All sides, including chips and salsa, are going to cost you extra.My taste buds were certainly satisfied.  The food's quality is superior to any of the upscale fast food burrito chains (it may even be better than many full service restaurants), but you'll get a lot more for your money at those other places.  Your options for everything is steak, pork, or veggie.  I probably should have asked this while I was there;  But what does America's Taco Shop have against chicken?The restaurant is small.  It does feel a lot like a little cantina somewhere in Mexico. There's very little room inside.  The patio seems like an okay spot, but I wouldn't want to be inside or out on a hot summer day.  The parking situation is really bad.  The lot is tiny.  Your best bet is to skip the lot and just find room on the neighborhood streets.
3	The beans here are delicious, but too bad the bean burrito is the size of a taco bell burrito.  Chips and guacamole are very good, but they should be for 8 dollars.
4	Food great, pricing a bit high with so much competition for ghetto mex I was expecting.  Food good, ambiance nice, service GREAT!  I guess the deal is the quality is better, thus the higher price.  I personally would go back if they had a bit better pricing.
3	If there are 3 1/2 stars, i would give them that. The good? - Authentic Tacos Al Pastor on the gyro spit. The bad? What the hell are they filling the tacos up with crap for??? People, let me give you a tip - 86 the guacamole 86 the 'cabbage' (cabbage? really?? wtf???) just do the meat, the cilantro and chopped onion. Put some salsa to taste, and a lime, i personally love the lime on it, but some only add a little. Pineapple (ONLY if requested) and THEN you have a REAL taco Al pastor. Once I requested the 'traditional' style - it was just as good as one i would get in Mexico City - albeit the meet was a little on the toasty side (turn the burner DOWN!)Didn't eat anything else there - finally found the first al-pastor on the spit place in north America. I sense an Al pastor revolution cometh.
4	$1 el pastor tacos, $1chips and salsa, $2 beers. happy hour 2-6 mon-fri. Cannot beat that.
1	This is in my neighborhood and I heard good things so I decided to give it a shot. The place is not recommended dine in as it gives me the feeling of an indoor version of one of them mobile food wagons with some fold out benches setup. We ordered some carne asada tacos and some guacamole and chips and a few bottled cokes I believe.  The carne asada tacos portion of meat inside was small and the portions of guacamole,cabbage, and onions outweighed the 10 miniscule pieces of meat inside. The taco had almost a hint of peanut butter taste to the guacamole inside the tacos and dip which is disgusting. I am not sure if it was the crazy amount of cabbage that caused the taste but pretty gross. I am completely stunned how anyone can actually like the tacos or guacamole here as even chains like Rubio's have better street tacos(they aren't too shabby actually).Service: 5/5 they were nice and promptAmbiance: definitely take out unless you like picnicsparking: pretty terrible if I recallfood: 0/5 worst tacos I have ever had, guacamole also. I don't mean to be jaded but it was a terrible experienceThere isn't many options so I didn't try too much here on the visit with my girlfriend and kid but I won't be going back and still don't know how in the world this could ever be ranked in any food critics reviews.
5	Personally, I Love Americas. There Margaritas are delicious. There Breakfast, Bean and Cheese, and Carne Asada Burritos are Fantastic, and they have a decent happy hour.Americas 4 Life.
5	Who am I fooling, I love this place.  7th Ave location is perfect for take-out on my dinner break at work, and the 7th St location is just right for walking to from my apartment.When you go there, order:-Chips and Salsa (spicy, or course) - delicious, and don't be shy about asking for some free refills-Carne Asada Vampiro-Pastor VampiroNothing more, nothing less.   This is one of my absolute favorite meals in Phoenix any day of the week.  It also makes for a great hangover cure!I have been disappointed by the size of the regular burritos, but the Vampiros really are over-the-top good.
2	Ate at the Coronado location today.  Had the Vampiro Pastor. The marinated pork was moist and tasty, reminiscent of Chinese roast pork (char siu), it was piled high with all the typical fixins, but the grilled pineapple was what put it over the top. So yummy, there's no need to put salsa on it.  The special cerviche that's only available Fri & Sat, was awful. Tasted more like they served it the week before. Decor could use some sprucing up and beware of the bees if you plan on dining outside. Even though the ambiance and cerviche were below average, I'd take a drive to get more Vampiro Pastor.
4	Stopped in this evening because we had never been. Good carne asada tacos. The corn has a cheese rub on it that I had never had before. It was very unique and different. Great prices too. If you're on the mood for some tacos, stop in.Parking is rather limited though.
5	Always consistent. Great service, great carne asada and a pleasant patio on a beautiful day.
4	Took my family here on Sunday for a quick bite. Carne asada burrito and tacos and bean burritos were our order. Atmosphere and food reminded me of my favourite taco shops in San Diego. Carne asada wasn't over cooked and the bean burritos hit the spot.
4	Not only is the carne asada amazing their refried beans are perfect.  I am sure they loaded with fat, but they taste great and their bean and cheese burrito is super tasty.  We usually get it togo, but if you stay to eat they only have cans or bottles for beverages so beware.
5	Fresh amazing and fabulous food!!!
5	This place has bomb carne asada tacos. How the heck do they get so much flava in that tiny taco? And the Tortas are delicious too. We usually go in the evening but I've heard there are lines out the door for lunch. Highly recommended. Oh and if you want a flan be sure to ask for it when you order or else it just might be gone :)
3	The carne asada was some of the best I have had, but a bit pricey for what you get. I opted for the carne asada quesidilla ( $4.95 ) it was basically a taco sized tortilla filled with meat, cheese, and avocado and folded in half. Great flavor and was very filling. I could see going back maybe their happy hour when they have some cheap tacos.Employees that were there when I went, were not engaging at all and did not seem happy to be there at all. There was only one table occupied outside and all the other tables were dirty..there was a female that came out to clean finally but was moving sooooooo slow that we wiped off our own table and sat down, and she never uttered a word.
4	Out of the, like, hundreds of taco shops in this area, I'm glad we tried this one....super good! This place is almost like the In-N-Out of taco shops; they only serve carne asada and al pastor (pork). They have tostadas, burritos, tacos all based around those two meats. You can get vegetarian options too, the beans are not made with lard, and they are super tastey! The tortillas are awesome too!
5	Great atmosphere for such a tiny tiny place and the staff is always pleasant , even when theyre slammed.And the food: SO GOOD.My personal faves include the carne asada quesadilla, chips and salsa, carne asada tacos, an orange soda in a bottle, and the holy grail: their guacamole. Now, youll have to try theirs to truely understand, but their guacamole is like crack. Seriously. Its SO good. To the point that youll start eating it and will not be able to stop. And they put it (and caramelized onions) on practically everything. Crackamole. Go.
5	Love this place! The carne asada really is without a doubt the best in town. I am also pretty crazy about the salsa! YUM! The breakfast burritos are petty amazing to. Yes, I have eaten breakfast lunch and dinner here, all in the same day! :-)
2	Ive been going to americas for a while now and the last few visits there have lead me to change my rating of them. I really want to like coming here, their happy hour specials are great and they have a really good breakfast burrito. However, the counter service the last few times ive been in has been seriously dissapointing. Actually, they've been downright rude. There is no "hello, how are you?"when you arrive. Nothing. In fact, on our last visit,my husband and i were completely ignored while the girl behind the counter finished her conversation with one of the kitchen guys. i find this unacceptable. I refuse to frequent establishment  that obviously does not want me there. Well dont worry, i wont be returning.
2	We used to live in the Melrose District off of 7th Ave and must be spoiled from 7th Ave's America's service.  7th St has only treated us right the first time we came in.  Since then there have been no greetings, just a long wait and "will this be for here or to go?"This review has been a long time coming, with the hopes that service would improve, it has not.  One Sunday I waited 20 minutes for 2 breakfast burritos, mind you it was breakfast time and I was the second customer in line.  The only thing good about America's on 7th St is the food.  I would much rather ride my bike to 7th St, but will instead drive to 7th Ave for your food based on service alone.  I love the story behind America's and your product, but just because you have a strong following doesn't mean that service should not be present.
4	The food here was unbelievable for fast, healthy mexican food. (no lard in the bean burro major plus)ALTHOUGH the set up of this place is a NIGHTMARE. Parking is straight up unplanned, and when you walk in "it's like checking in at an italian airport" (-J. Donaughy) - there is absolutely no order.I was probably the only person who wasn't smart enough to call in my order, and everyone eating at the restaurant looked like they were in hour 3 of their 4 hour lunch.
4	This place is darling and so darn yummy. That is HUGE coming from me because I am normally not a mexican food fan. The staff is super friendly and very welcoming. They have plenty of options on the menu sure to please meat lovers, vegetarians, and I'm sure even vegans. Their beans don't have lard in them and all the ingredients are fresh. I enjoyed myself some chips and salsa and a bean and cheese burrito. The salsa that comes with the chips is UNREAL. That sealed the deal for me. Killer salsa= one way to my heart.My burrito was the perfect size, the tortilla had the best flavor and texture, and it wasn't overly packed with cheese. One reason I can't stand eating burritos is the normally ridiculous amount of cheese included that makes me feel like 1-oil is seeping out of my every pore and 2- my arteries clogging from the greasiness. This burrito killed it! I'm kind of still thinking about it.I can't wait to go back to try a veggie burrito and possibly a skinny margarita.
4	more expensive than a filibertos, almost as good..but you pay for the atmosphere, so its nice.
4	So, if you are the kind of person that likes suggestions, I will tell you what to order to save you the trouble of guessing... An extra large Carne Asada Burrito Add Cilantro. It truly is the best Carne Asada in town... it is lean, non greasy and tasty as can be! There Carne Asada tacos and bean burrito are really good too! As a pointer, the breakfast burrito was no as good, too much eggs and not enough of the good stuff and a little greasy.A great little cozy whole in the wall that makes delicious food! Everyone I have suggested this to loved it!
4	This place is AWSOME!! The carne asade tacos are the best I have had in long time. Everything was perfect from guacamole to chips and salsa (salsa I have to say is better then my sis) oh and the carne asada quesadilla is home run!!! The atmosphere is ok inside is limited seating but you can also sit outside where there is plenty of shade. Also the parking lot is also limited so if you are there when it is rush hour be prepared to find parking spot.
4	This location is very good! The tacos al pastor are full of flavor, just like the other locations. I tried the cochata (coffee with horchata) the last time I went....Ridic! This stuff is so good! I would drink this on a daily basis. Props to whoever came up with that!
5	Carne asada burrito.  I've been going to America's for years and don't even know what else is on the menu.  This carne asada will turn vegans into meat-eaters in one single bite. It... is... amazing. (Just thinking about it is literally making my mouth water right now!)
3	This taco shop is definitely worth a stop. We tried they carne tacos a bean and cheese burrito and the Mexican corn ....was like dessert.  Would have given 4 stars but ice tea was no good.
5	For lunch, my pal and I hit up America's Taco Shop, the self-proclaimed "home of the greatest carne asada in the Valley!"Its menu is small, but that doesn't mean it disappoints. Choose from items such as tortas, quesadilla and tacos, and be sure to pair it with the great chips and perfectly spicy salsa, at a cheap $1.50 a basket.I ordered a vegetarian extra-large bean and cheese burrito, and I was really impressed with how ooey-gooey the bean/cheese mixture was and how flaky the flour tortilla was. It was the perfect lunch portion and filled me up without bogging me down.My pal ordered the carne asada taco, which he said was excellent as always.The spot's super-casual, really fast and has a patio to sit on, making it a great lunch spot full of tasty comfort food.
4	Carne Asada how it was meant to be eaten. The carne asada here is great. While Americas Taco Shop is not the most authentic, they have created excellent carne asada tortas and vampiros. If you go here and order chips & salsa, make sure to get the spicy salsa. It's not that spicy, and it tastes great. Parking can be scarce in the small lot behind the restaurant, so parking down the street on a side street may be your best bet.
3	I wanted to love this place, I really did. I live right around the corner, so I have tried out America's a few times, but sadly...I don't think I'll be back. I mean, the food is ok. I do appreciate that the beans are lard free, and the margaritas are surprisingly good (they are in one of those margarita machines, so I had my doubts), but the food has been just - "ok". Truth be told, I haven't tried the famous carne asada (I'm a vegetarian), so that may be the best thing out there, but for burritos, rice, chips, and salsa - it's just not all that impressive.
3	Unlike most Mexican restaurants, this one is not especially vegetarian friendly.  The only thing I could find on the menu on a recent visit was a bean and cheese burrito.  Pretty standard burrito in a great tortilla.  Unfortunately, I left feeling decidedly "lardy."I've heard that the carne asada and pastor tacos are great. Having been to both:  I do like the downtown location much more than the Tempe location.
3	I love America's.  I usually always visit the Melrose location and have gave it a 5 star review on here.  Went to this location for the first time in a long time last Saturday.  Boy was that a mistake.  The food was good, as usual, but the service was horrible.  We didn't even get a hello when we walked in and no one else was in there.  They really seemed like they didn't even want to take our order or talk to us.  No eye contact, no pleasantries, nothing.  I will not go back to this location.  Such a difference between the 2 locations!  Every time we go to Melrose they are awesome and know that we are regulars.
2	Went for lunch with some friends met up here and there was mixed reviews.  I ordered the carne asada burrito - because they claimed to be home of the best carne asada in the Valley.  Totally not true.  The burrito was pretty blah, boring, and certainly not the best carne asada.  I was super excited  to see they had street corn and ordered that as well.  Totally disappointing.  I've never had street corn that tasted and looked like it was dipped in mayo.  A little too liberal with the usage of mayo for my taste. My friend ordered the special which came with a veggie quesadilla.  It had guacamole in it - that's it.  Nothing else.  It didn't even make sense. The salsa was boring.  That's really all there is to say about it.  All around, it was very average and uninteresting.  Too many other good places in DPHX to go to get quality Mexican food. The one saving grace and the only reason I'll even consider going back was the beans that came with my friends special.  I tasted them and they were delicious.  I will for sure come back and try a bean and cheese burrito.
5	Love the carne asada.
5	This place rocks! Really good burros and chips! I had the carne asada burrito and it was excellent!
4	LOVE it here.  Small, homey, and yummy food.  Great patio!  I love their veggie quesadilla and the beans are great.  It's nice to know they are lard free...which means you can eat vegetarian or vegan here easily!  The kid loves it...especially the beans.  They have jamaica, horchata and tamarindo fresh made to drink too.  YUM!(The margaritas are very good here too!  And cheap!)
2	This place isn't what it's cracked up to be. We were downtown and decided to go. We heard from some friends that this place was really good. They said they have the best carne asada but it's actually just mediocre. If you want really good Mexican food you should try out Los Taquitos, they have the best Mexican food in the valley. They were also featured on diners drive-ins and dives, so that gives them a little bit of cred.
4	Tacos are pretty darn good for the money. 3 for under $8.
2	The price was reasonable for a veggie quesadilla, but I would probably not visit this place again. The food didn't seem fresh, and seemed to be almost "fast foodish"Worth the price though. 3.00 veggie quesadilla, cool!
4	Work has taken me downtown a few times over the past couple months and America's Taco Shop has been one of our regular lunch stops.  My favorite is the XL Carne Asada Burrito (probably because it's normally a late lunch and I am starving).  The parking situation sucks being so small and packed even well into the afternoon.  Probably better that we don't arrive during the lunch rush...
5	OMG I love it.  Almost 2 years living in the Coronado and Phoenix and my life is empty without Americas burritos.  I've even told the husband that if we ever leave, Americas is the first place we stop at when we come back to visit (we have family here).We have the joy of living a half mile walk away, and this is our neighborhood burrito joint.  Between the delicious salsa, carne asada burritos and the Mexican bottled sodas, my life is utterly complete!  (the margs are good as well as is the Cochata...mmmm)When it's busy, the wait time usually isn't too bad because they're busting out food pretty quick, it the slow afternoons or weeknights that mean you can wait a little longer for take out.  That being said, eating in is always good especially with the happy hour specials or the refills on chips and salsa.I'll be honest, if I'm having a crap day or didn't get to make dinner, this is what I want.  Their food and a good Mexican coke always makes my day better.
4	I don't know why but I had really low expectations for this place the first time I ate here. I have been three times now and every time I am surprised by how great it is. They have awesome Al Pastor which you can get in a burrito, taco, tostada or quesadilla. You can actually see the meat roasting in the kitchen with a pineapple on top. Great salsas and friendly staff too.
5	Three reasons I must have America's every week!1. Carne Asada (no matter how they wrap it it's good!)2. Possibly the best bottomless chips and salsa in town.3. Breakfast burritos. All of them are awesome.
1	Ordered 3 Carne Asada Taco's for about $8. Order came out quickly and as I was handed the bag I looked inside and said, oh, I ordered 3 not one. Or are all three wrapped up in that tiny piece of tinfoil? You got it! 3 micro tacos that were at best an after thought. I walked out and about half way to the car, looking inside the bag opening the tin foil at the saddest sight I ever saw - 3 wanna be tacos that were aborted at birth... I said to myself....No I am not the one getting taco f**k*d here. Went back inside and said sorry this is not going to work for me. Instead I went over to 2 Hippies Taco's on 5th and Cambelback where they sell "REAL" taco's. 3 for $6 including tax! All 3 of America's Taco's could readily fit inside ONE of the 2 Hippies Taco's and have room left over!!! No joke! No attempt was made at customer satisfaction so I shall not return to America's Sad Taco Shop.
4	A few of us had a dinner together so someone brought over their chips, salsa (spicy and mild), beans, and guacamole.  Never tried the place so this was my first exposure.  All were pretty good and you could tell freshly made. The part I was impressed by most that made this place stand out were the refried beans. At the first bite I could tell these were the real deal. Homemade and NOT made with lard. I'm not a fans of beans unless their homemade and these were it.  Can't wait to try their food.  Seeing as how the person who recommended them was Mexican herself, that's a plus for me.  She say they make their horchata so I can't wait to try everything else!  FYI - It's called "America's" b/c that's the owners name.  Has nothing to do with our actual country.
5	First off, do not expect the parking to go your way.  IT SUCKS!  However, the carne asada tacos are very worth the hassle.  Honestly, parking only sucks when you go during the busy times.  Hands down so of the best food and customer service I have received.
5	Thanks! Everything here was great !
1	I've been here 6 or 7 times and at first fell in love with their carne asada burrito. This love was short lived as every time I take my first bite the wrap completely apart due to the pico sauce water. Here's where the 1 star comes in. Service leaves a LOTTT to be desired. EVERY time I've ordered the same thing, and every time it takes 1/2 hour on average for the burrito to reach my table. There are 2 people eating inside the restaurant and 1 in the patio area - it shouldn't take this long. My coworker always gets a bean burrito with no cheese and EVERY time they've messed up the order and had to re-make it leaving us eating at different times. 3 weeks ago we were eating here and the Sheriff's department shut it down because of illegal immigration. Took 2 weeks for them to open up shop again. Unfortunately this has had a worse effect on the service (at least it seems as though this is the case) because not only did my burrito come out 1/2 hour later, but as I finally got up the courage to complain, the manager gave us all kinds of excuses and no apologies. I guess I'd still eat their food if it was take out but other than that, I don't think I'll be coming back to America's taco shop anymore. Good Luck guys!!
1	I used to like this place but the past few months the service and food have spiraled downward. Food is average and the past 4 times they have messed up either my order or the order of someone in my party. Staff is unapologetic and occasionally rude. Sometimes success leads to complacency, and I think that is what happened to America's. Needless to say I won't be returning.
4	Holy good tacos, Batman.  I loooove Mexican street tacos. I want to bathe in guacamole and dip myself in hot sauce.  OK, maybe not quite that extreme, but I really enjoyed my experience here.  First I am not from PHX and I am so jealous that you all get to eat outside in April.  My town is cold and frigid so it was such a treat to have our first meal in this town outdoors at a picnic table with a Dos Equis.  I enjoyed the carne asada and pork tacos.  The steak was my favorite, tender and fabulously cooked.  I loved the corn tortillas.  The guac was wonderful and a tasty add on that everyone must try!  The food came out fast and was inexpensive.  This is a great place to enjoy some friendly chatter over fabulously delicious food.
3	I love seeing a local business have the seemingly sudden success that America's has had, and I don't want to be "that guy", but... I mean, can we all just admit that America's, on the whole, is just OK? Over-hyping breeds disappointment.This is one of the original America's, and I remember portions bigger and prices smaller, but maybe that is just the curse of nostalgia. I do appreciate that the menu has expanded a bit.Cochata (iced coffee and horchata) - yumBean and cheese burrito - yumSalsa - mehBreakfast burrito - yum-to-meh.Service - yuckGetting just a bean burrito, chips, and a soda is pretty pricey, for such a basic meal and such a casual setting.I've had some not so good recent experiences with service and getting orders wrong at this location, so I haven't been back for a while. Usually it's fixable and they're courteous yet brusque, but this vegetarian is very disappointed when her on-the-go breakfast burrito has chorizo in it... contrary to her special request. I do appreciate the lard-free beans.Also, as a resident of the neighborhood directly behind this location, parking is totally a bummer during peak hours (and not peak hours, for that matter). There are about 5 spots in the America's lot, then it's nothing but neighborhood parking. Most residents are used to strange cars of restaurant customers parked in front of their houses, but just be mindful. Bring your patience and you'll be fine.
5	This place has amazing food.  It's not for everyone, though.  Some of my friends want the typical "mexican food" experience and this is just a simple place that does a few things very well.Tacos.  Amazing.  Bean burros.  Amazing.  Guac.  Amazing.  A great place to pick up dinner from a long day at work.
4	I am a bit biased against Mexican food, as I am not a fan for greasy/cheesy food. I have had some horrendous experience with a lard-dripping chicken burrito before in a place-shall-not-be-named. But as a general preference, I like my Mexican food "light."For lunch, this place is just madly busy. I was just 5 minute late and there were 20 people between me and the rest of the party. The chicken taco I got was light -- a good thing! Friends loved the bean and cheese burrito, and the bean is white bean -- another good thing! Overall, cute place, good food.
3	OK  Our friends like it, but its not such a big deal. There are a dozen Asada tacos within 5 miles as good or better, including Ranch Market for 1/3 price. Good Guacamole
5	5 F'ING STARS.. Incredible, chips and spicy salsa, burrito, their beans are top noch and the Mexican Cokes and Sprites. Not to mention alcohol, beers, margaritas. Vegetarian/Vegan friendly. PERFECT and FILLING!!!
5	Great little homey (it's literally in an old converted home) taco shop.  Ate there for lunch before going to a busy all-day event at the Phoenix Convention Center, and couldn't go wrong with ordering three of their beef tacos.  Paired it with a delicious Mexican Coke in a bottle to make for a great lunch.  Highly recommend this place if you're in the downtown area, it's worth the little drive to it.  Arguably some of the best tacos in town.
5	Love, love, love the bean and cheese burritos and guacamole! Delicious lemonade and horchata too!!
5	This is the second one I've been to, and it is equally as satisfying. Amazing carne asada! Great prices... the salsas they have are ridiculously good. I hit up this place every chance I get!
5	Great food at a great price.  I love this place!  I don't even know where to start about America's.  You have to get the chips and salsa.  The chips are so light and crispy.  They go perfect with the spicy salsa.  I always get the Bean Burrito America's way.  Lard free beans with jalapenos and homemade tortilla.  This is the best kept secret in Phoenix.  I am so glad they have locations throughout the valley to meet the cravings of the masses.  I hear they have a mean breakfast burrito and I will have to try one of these out.
3	First time in today.  When we walked in we were greeted and started looking at the menu.  After a minute or two I explained to the girl we had never been there before.  Normally this would be a chance for someone to really explain the menu or maybe recommend something.  Talk it up a little. That didn't happen.  After another couple minutes I asked her what she would recommend.  We got a really short answer, carne asada is good and bean and cheese burrito is good.  I was hoping for a little more.  Anyway, we ordered and got our food fairly fast.   I don't have any issues with the food.  It tasted good.  The complaint I have is on the price.  It was 8 bucks for a burrito and I really didn't feel like it was enough food for that price.  Anything else costs you extra.  On top of that a can of soda is 1.50.  A bottle of soda is $3.  Really?  I understand a company has to make a profit but I will stick to water for that price.  Not sure if I would go back.  I think there are places with just as good food, where you get more for less money.  The food tasted good and if it was less price it would would be worth it.
5	Food is amazing.
4	If you just want good tacos and not a fancy sit-down then this a great place.  It always hits the spot for my greasy sinful cravings. :)
2	We were surprised to find this new restaurant in the place of Baha Fresh but I like to try new places and it looked busy and that is a good sign. We let the hostess/cashier know we had never seen the menu and she gave me a blank stare then said 'oh'. That was all we got. Did not tell us all about the menu or the place. Oh we'll, we order the taco trio, a bean burrito for one child and a cheese quesadilla for my other child-ages 8 and 7. We ordered 3 small drinks and 1 chip/salsa. This was $19 and change! No big deal if the food is good and portioned appropriately. We then waited 20 min for our food! And when it arrived it was tiny! My eldest asked if that was it for lunch-she thought the burrito was snack sized. When I let the food runner/mgr know we waited so long he told me they are a scratch kitchen. That was it. Not sure how a bean burrito and a quesadilla gets complicated from scratch and my tacos were so tiny it could not possibly take 20 min. His attitude was very 'tough cookie lady' and when I pointed out that the couple that order at the same time was 1/2way through their meal he told me he could not answer to that. We left and ate our food in the car. They seem like a group that is only interested in completing their shift and going home-quality must be someone else's job.
4	Yummy! Guacamole is awesome!!!!
5	Love America's Taco Shop!  Carne Asada Burrito, that is all you need to know.  Nice people, fair prices, and good food.  If you are looking for an easy sit down dinner or lunch in the downtown area you should check out this place.  A+
3	Word on the street is that Americas Taco Shop has THE BEST tacos. I can't say I agree but I don't whole heatedly disagree either. I went with my husband and my carne asada burrito was good, as was the corn. I saw their happy hour menu all too late but it had some decent options on it. I'll go back, I'll try something new. Maybe not the best tacos but they certainly aren't bad tacos.
2	Not impressed, the carne asada tacos aren't that good. Tough meat and not very tasty.
4	This place is almost stereotypical for the Americanized Mexican fast food, but as it isn't a chain and since the food was quite tasty I feel that I am wrong if I don't promote it. I had the pastor burrito, that come with a decent amount of nice tasting pork - and they have coupled this with some kind of pineapple sauce that is way tastier than it looks. As I will not drive here to catch my lunch, I will stop by here if I am in the neighborhood.Food is good, everything else is kind of a minimum effort - but I appreciate a local business over a franchise any day. So, for what it is.. it's good!
3	I don't eat meat so this review may not be helpful to everyone.Chips & guacamole- seemed like equal parts avocado and equal parts tomato.....not crazy about tomato. The chips were good.Veggie quesadilla- I use the word veggie loosely. Lettuce, barely "caramelized" onions, cheese and guacamole. It came with a salsa that lacked heat and personality. No bell pepper. No mushrooms. No cilantro. Dining experience- outdoor area was pleasant.My husband ordered 3 carne asada tacos because they are "The best in town". Tacos were skimpy on the meat which was fine with me because I want him to quit meat anyway.We came here because of the Check Please episode. Sadly, it wasn't worth it. I didn't even eat all my food nor did I take home leftovers.....that never happens.
1	Without question, the worse Quesadilla I've had in my 35 years of life, and I've lived in Mexico for a total of about a year, so eaten countless quesadillas.  They put like shredded lettuce in it.  It is gross
5	Visited here May of 2013 during a visit.  Simply the best Phoenix has to offer for the price, and beats most competitors that are way more expensive.  One of my few motivations to return is to have more carne asada there!
4	On the way home from work yesterday, a friend wanted to meet up at America's Taco Shop for a snack & catch up conversation and chisme -- You know me, I'm all about good tacos & chisme! I ordered the Carne Asada Burrito -- delicious & full of flavors. Somethin' about the recipe they use for the carne asada alone makes it special. I look forward to returning -- now that it's cooler, outdoor seating will be ideal. Cheers***
1	I am not one to slam places, but the food was not very good - ok it was bad and over priced.  For half of the price you can get something better at Taco Bell and I don't really like Taco Bell.  Not worth a second trip for me.
5	Love the quesadillas, they aren't too cheesy and I like the proportion of meat/cheese/tortilla best. The extra cost to get extra large portions doesn't seem worth it, I always get two things and take some home. The cochata (coffee+horchata) is delicious!  America's corn is messy but tasty.  The beans are lard free (and delicious!) for all those vegetarians out there!  Love this place!!
4	America's Taco Shop knows how to make some darn good carne asada. You can't go wrong here if you order anything with carne asada. They recently started offering chicken too. The bean and cheese burrito is delicious if you're looking for a meatless option. Daily specials, reasonable prices, and a good happy hour. My only complaint is that the tortilla chips aren't very good--often taste a little stale. If you get them, make sure to get the spicy salsa. It's not that spicy and it's a big improvement over the regular salsa. The "cochata"--coffee + Horchata--is awesome!
4	My love for America's remains, but went down a star for the inconsistency of the hours.  On more than one occasion in the past month we have arrived to find the restaurant closed in contradiction to business hours.  There has just been a printout on the door saying "we're closed please head to the Melrose location, mention this and get 20% off your order."  By the time I've been disappointed in my decision to choose a closed restaurant for my meal, I am certainly not interested in traveling to another location.  I want something close and convenient (like this location).  So now we're still fans, just only during weekdays, which seem to be the only days they're open.
2	Watched the Fiesta Bowl Parade today. Decided to stop at America's Taco Shop on the way home for a quick bite. Have to say that I was disappointed. The food had almost no flavor. The Carne Asada tasted like lime juice and the Al Pastor taco was overpowered by the mango.I have definitely had better.
3	Very limited parking at this location. The burrito I got was ok but not very flavorful. If someone wanted to take me here I wouldn't be opposed but I wouldn't go out of my way to go here.
4	Awesome authentic Mexican food. There are several locations around the Arizona valley, but the original in Phoenix is the best.
5	Al Pastor is the only way to go!
4	They have awesome guacamole and good burritos. The atmosphere makes you feel like you are eating in a small taco shack on the beach. Staff is normally friendly. Cons: No where to park and it is always super crowded.
1	Great staff, but extremely overpriced. The three tacos came out to about $12.00, with no sides. The quality of the taco didn't warrant their price-nothing extraordinary or exotic. We Ordered a side of beans and a side of chips with salsa- another $5.00..... The tortillas were not cooked, just warmed, and the tacos themselves were cold. Also, our salsa was freezing! Chilled I assumed. Our chips were room temperature. The atmosphere and staff are great, but I won't be returning.
4	We finally tried this place because my brother in law and sister in law kept telling us how much they love it.  It is a small little house with a patio out front, which was perfect for the great weather the other day.  I ordered a bean and cheese burrito and a carne asada taco.  I am a self described burrito expert, and this burrito was a winner.  The tortilla was soft and flavorful, and the beans, which are not made with lard, were nicely mixed with cheese.  The taco was very good as well.  Like a good yelper, I checked in to this place when I got there.  There is a check-in offer for free chips and salsa.  When I showed it to the employee, she said I had to print it out in order to get the deal.  I told her that you can't print check-in offers; that they are meant to be used on your mobile device.  She pretty much told me that she wouldn't honor it.  Apparently the manager has not told anyone who works there about the check-in offer and how to use it, because she acted like I was a jerk for even asking about it.  She ended up giving us the free chips and salsa, but I could tell she thought she may get in trouble for giving it to me.  That manager should probably explain the check in offer so this doesn't keep happening.  Aside from that situation, the food was great, and I would definitely go back for more of those yummy beans!
2	Oh, America, what have you done?  I've been eating at this restaurant since you opened at this location.  Back then your food was delicious.  The carne was muy bueno, and the elote was fantastico.  I hadn't visited in a while, but upon my return found the food bearing only a vauge resemblance to it's past wonderfullness.  Maybe now that you have several locations your available attention is diminished.  I won't be back America, there are too many good Mexican places close by to eat at your place anymore.  Adios.
4	Beans, beans, beans. Seriously the best beans I have had from someone other than my family.My carniverous friends rave about the beans here so I was excited to try it for lunch. I ordered the large bean burrito. Duh. It was everything they described it and more. Tortilla was grilled perfectly and the tasty beans oozed profusely from the burrito. The salsa it came with was okay but kind of bland. But it wasn't really needed. The burrito tastes like the ones my Tio used to make at the restaurant he owned in Santa Ana when I was a little girl. Definitely took me back.Oh, and the beans are VEGETARIAN. Yes, it is possible to make tasty, authentic refried beans that are not swimming in pig fat!!! Please take note other Mexican restaurants. You can get a whole new clientele by eliminating lard. After tasting America's beans there is no excuse not to make yummy beans without lard.Last time I went I also ordered their street corn. It was heavenly. Cheesy, buttery goodness with a hint of lime. The hot sauce it comes with is great, but beware, it is a creeper.Employees are great, and always seem happy to see you.Why wouldn't you come here? :)
5	I love King Taco in LA, but this was the best carne asada taco I have ever had. It is a small stand....deliciosa! Crispy, flavorful meat, great salsa! Yum yum!
3	Tried their ranchero breakfast burrito today, not a fan. I'll stick to the bean and cheese because I know I like that.
2	Was not impressed. there was a big line which had me excited anticipating a yummy taco but the meat was dry and the iced tea tasted funny . The overall experience was just  meh.
4	I've never had a bad meal.  Fast service.  Casual dining.
2	Not the greatest but definitely a place you would take someone you want to introduce to a misrepresentation of what street tacos should be .. There is hardly any flavor developed bland at best.. The salsa tastes like it's fresh from a can or packet like the salsa they serve at Taco Bell...
4	Great specials.  The food is light and is not greasy at all.  Taste very fresh.  Would visit again
1	This was literally the worst Mexican food I've ever had in Arizona. We walked in and ordered two burritos to go, one of them was just a simple bean and cheese. It took 45 minutes to get our food and the staff didn't seem apologetic at all. To make matters worse once we got home and took our first bite I was not impressed. Overall it was edible, but not good at all. Just to go filibertos...
1	Once upon a time this place was probably awesome. That fairytale ended & turned into a vegetarian's nightmare. CHICKEN!!! In my veggie quesadilla. Chips stale, bland beans. It was awful. Never again! The End
5	I am so happy that America's has found such great success!  Simple Mission accomplished: Amazing food.   Love me some Bean & Cheese burrito. (tip: ask for it Terry's style...they add raw white onion and hot sauce).  Their vampiros are delicious of course....but the show stopper is the Carne Asada Torta.  As a native arizonan...I am assuring you, this is the best.  They offer a free Chips & Trio if you sign up for their loyalty club...and don't forget to follow them on Facebook!  it's always nice to have a reminder when their happy hours are, half of taco days and $2 coronas ! :)
4	Still love the America's at 7th St., but I've noticed that the ones that have been franchised (like the one at Camelback and 16th St) are not as good.  Still pretty good, but not the same.
5	THE BEST Carne Asada burrito I have ever had, the quac was fresh and delicious, loved the salsa and the horchata was great too.  I had NO complaints and my boyfriend has been raving about this place for months so I had really high expectations.
1	Overpriced. I spend almost $20 for two regular burritos and two drinks. The burrito was dry, cold,  and the tortilla was hard and flavorless. Trash cans full of trash made it impossible to use. I would never go again.
1	I came a little after 8 PM and was astounded their doors were locked. They changed hours all over the valley. Lifetime boycott.
1	Ordered the carne asada breakfast burrito. The most bland burrito I have eaten since the invention of the microwave. I assume it was the carne asada burrito, there was no evidence of meat to confirm this claim. I'll go back once more to try the quesadilla. Not going to hold my breath though.
4	Stopped in here for takeout on my first night in town. I had the breakfast burrito minus the eggs and the cochata. Burrito was good but the cochata made me do an internal happy dance.
4	I've been here plenty of times. The service is always great and fast, and the beans are amazing. However, the food is ok. Nothing crazy that I would crave. If you're looking for something different than filibertos, then this is a good spot to hit up.
1	The beans are bland as cardboard. The onions were uncooked and the salsa was not pica. I recommend taco bell over this place. However the cochata was delicious. Maybe they should rethink their mission and vision.
2	Out of pork, out of guac, slow service, order arrives incomplete. Wait, wait, still no corn. Oh look, girls behind counter are too busy chatting to notice food is ready to be served. Too bad, really wanted to like this place. And now that I think of it, they were apologizing to a guy about his order as we walked in.  No surprise.
4	I really like the carne asada here! Ambiance is fun and festive. Love the the beachy Baha feel!
