5	one of my favorite places for lunchOFF the strip& far away from downtowndivine salads and lunch sized pizzasdinner is excellent toodaily specialsand lots of pastaget the fondue for dessertand i hear they have an impressive wine selectionactuallythat's what most people go here for
4	Well this little place is nestled in a strip mall on West Lake Mead Blvd and Buffalo. When you walk in it's made to look and feel like a wine cellar. The decorative walls are dark and seems faux stucco'd with brick and the smells of Italian and American Bistro. It's dark and lightly dimmed. They have like a tapas appetizer dish, and Penne Ala Vodka! asparagus, cheese, basil, prosciutto & served in a creamy pinkish vodka sauce. There's also Chicken Gorgonzola...Mmmm The food was served steaming and the different smells and flavors - definitely mouthwatering. The staff...ok so I got this thing...Nice atmosphere....then these damn kids....are clowning around - ok have fun at work. But dude...don't be flirting with your coworkers in public and picking each other up and being Homos. A. It's Distracting B. What if you're trying to get your game on?Over all good date place. Great food. Wine selection pretty good.
5	One of my all time favorites.....we love going to this place.  We have several favorite restaurants that we go to on a regular basis and this is one of them.  We like the atmosphere....it reminds me a lot of the restaurants on the East Coast or in Chicago....dark, brick walls, etc.  The wine selection is great.....we usually do a wine tasting of Chardonnay (fiance) and Cabernet (for me) along with dinner.  The prices are very reasonable and the outdoor patio seating is a great option during the Spring/Fall.  Winter and Summer can be a little uncomfortable.  I definitely recommend reservations as the wait can be long and there isn't much room for waiting around near the bar or hostess stand.  Our favorite dishes there are the appetizer sampler and the bowtie pasta w/chicken breast.  Very fun and moderate on the budget.
4	I have been here a few times, and have had a pretty good experience every time.  At night it is dimly lit, and there are candles on the tables. I do like the atmosphere, but it can be a little uncomfortable when they are crowded. Tonight we had reservations for 6:45, but didn't end up being seated until after 7:00.  The area around the bar was super crowded and it seemed a little stuffy inside.  Our server was good, and very friendly.  They have a decent wine selection (as the name might suggest). I had the chicken caesar salad and Mary Anne's grilled cheese.  The salad was very good, but then again, I was starving.  The Mary Anne's grilled cheese was AWESOME!  It is definitely not the kind of grilled cheese you would expect to order off the kiddie menu! It has goat cheese, proscuitto, roasted red peppers, and basil on a grilled baguette.  This was probably the tastiest sandwich I have had in quite some time.  I didn't really think I would be able to finish it, but somehow I managed to put the whole thing away (it was like something out of a scene from Coneheads). :)  I have never tried their pasta, but really enjoy their salads and sandwiches.  They had a seared ahi tuna special that looked really good, but it turned out they were out of tuna by the time we ordered. Overall, I was pleased with my meal. I debated between 3 and 4 stars, but I REALLY liked my sandwich.
1	Just AWFUL...  I was in town for a Bridal Shower and the service was horrible!!  There was only 12 of us women and they couldn't get it together.  They forgot to bring out 2 salads and missed 3 entrees.  Our waiter Kevin was the worst and the manager Kelly was non-responsive.  DO NOT ever plan a party here.  I felt bad for the bride.  The day was supposed to be about her, but everyone was focused on the slow, lousy, rude service
4	Always good food, sometimes ok service .
4	two words: WINE FLIGHTS! Yippee! They have a huge wine list, and I love the $14 wine flights. I sampled 4 different syrahs, and my friend had the pinot noirs. They each had some decent ones. The bartender was friendly enough, and I love the misters outside to help cool off the outdoor diners.Next time, I'll try the food, but I am quite pleased with the ambiance, selection, and service.
4	This place is located near Desert Shores ... rich people. I've been here for lunch in the middle of the week. I looked around and all I saw were middle aged women with Louis V purses. I say to myself, "Trophy wives, spending their husbands hard embezzled money. Psh." But it doesn't mean the food wasn't good. A couple times we've noticed the awesome music selection. They were playing Massive Attack and what have you one evening. We asked and they said it was just an XM station or something. Nice mellow, downtempo to match the underlit dinner light. Food is Good. I come for lunch, dinner, or just to sit at the bar for apps and wine and get my buzz on. My favorite apps are the Caprese ($13), Tapas plate ($13), Baked Brie ($13), and Poached Salmon Platter ($19). There are lots of rich foods like Triple Creme Brie linguine ($16). Mm, carbs. They also have sandwiches and pizzas. Prices are decent for the portion sizes and whatever. Large wine list. Knowledgeable, hip, young staff. The furniture is a little uncomfortable, but I guess it fits with the whole "Ooh, I'm in a wine cellar" deal. Its a cozy little place. They have a private little dining room, large enough to accommodate a party of 10-ish. They also have outdoor seating on the patio ... for the three weeks out of the year that the weather is nice. Mondays they have 50% off bottles of wine (off regular wine list). Can't beat that. Unless you go to the Lee's down the road. Also, ask about the service industry special. Last I checked, it was Sunday nights, 25% off anything with proof that you work in the service industry. Check on the details, though, because it might be for FOOD service industry only and these specials change frequently. * off the strip, non-casino
4	Get their brie pasta.  The best brie pasta I ever had.  It is so rich and creamy.  I also like their appetizer sampler with the grape leaves, hummus, meatball, and stuff.Nice atmosphere, good price, and way better than fazolis!
4	Love going here for drinks after work or for dinner out.  The atmosphere is dimly lit with candlelight. My favorite dish: penne a la vodka and tomato basil soup. The servings are huge and are easily split. They have a great wine flight, which is surprisingly a lot of wine for the cost.
4	Food is good except for certain entrees, over all my dining experience has always been good. Good selection of wines great atmosphere.
5	Great spot.  The ambiance is totally unexpected if you see the place from the outside.  Exposed brick and a sizeable bar -- it's alot like Nora's (on West Flaming) on the inside.  The entrees and wine are reasonably priced with half price bottles of wine on Mondays. As for the dishes,  the penne vodka, BBQ pizza and the specials are top notch.  The caprese salad is amazing -- tomatoes are always red and lush, with pine nuts and generous portions of mozz to boot.  The staff is always on the ball, the bread always hot (and delicious) and even the simplest dishes have a unique, unforgettable taste to them.  The chicken ceasar is a great lunch dish.  Plus there are generous portions - I always leave with a to-go box and, while I am rarely one to eat leftovers, I never leave a leftover pasta dish from Grape Street untouched.Great place for a date.  The wine flights are a great way to try something new/get a nice buzz on before dinner.  I've also hosted a bridal shower in their private room and it was lovely, the service was perfect and the desserts were to die for (especially the tiramisu!).
1	I had the prosciutto pizza.  Probably the worst pizza I have ever had.  The cheese was of low quality and the prosciutto were chunks as opposed to thin sheets.  When I told the waiter my concerns, he said he has gotten a lot of complaints about that pizza.  I will never go back there again.
2	When I enjoy the appetizers more than my entree, and have to wait a substantial amount of time between appetizers to my entree I think there is a problem.I usually don't like to rate bad, but personally I didn't enjoy my dinner.It seems like a great place to nibble and drink mostly.
4	I meet clients for lunch.  I don't live in most of the places I do this in, and because I have an expense account, I usually don't care too much about the price for lunch.  I'm there to talk up my product, so the food, ambience, wait staff etc, should be good, and yet invisible.I depend on Yelpers to keep me in the know when it comes to restaurants.  This place was as advertised.  Good food, good wine selection (although we didn't drink at lunch).  The vodka sauced dish was good and my client's steak salad was too.  We has some kind of puff pastry that was really good, though I had to nearly beg to get them to cut it in half for my client and I so two grown men in suits weren't carving it up at the table.All in all a very nice spot waaaay off the strip.
4	A great impression from the moment I walked in the door.  They had outdoor patio seating with the heaters turned up.  Only one table was occuppied outside, but seemed like the heaters did a good job of warming up the area.  It was about 55 degrees without the heater going.  Inside, the lights were dimmed and the feeling was cozy.  I ordered the wine flight and was impressed with the quality of the wine.  The wine flight gives you 4 -2 oz glasses of the varietal of your choice.  I went with the syrah and was pleased.  We ordered the Tapas Plate Appetizer which came with about 6 items.  The Swedish Meatballs were my favorite on the tapas plate but the grilled vegges were a close second.  I had the Ahi Tuna as my entree and was very impressed.  The portion of fish was sizeable and the mashed potatoes, spinach and asparagus were delicious and perfect compliments.  We got the chocolate fondu for dessert and I think the fruit was great but didn't like the pound cake that came with it.  I'll have to go back on a Monday when the wine is 50% off.
5	I had a dinner date last night with 3 girlfriends- 2 were experienced Grape Streeters whereas myself and another gal were popping our GS cherry (or should I grape?).The 50% off bottles of wine on Mondays nights deal is what brought us in. These other things will be bringing me back: 1. The cozy ambiance - White Christmas lights wrapped around stair rails, soft candlelight illuminating the tables and exposed brick framing an extensive wine selection were delightful surprises coming from a restaurant tucked in a strip mall. 2. The tasty food - My friends raved about the Caprese ($13), while I saved myself for a fresh and crisp Caesar Salad ($7) followed by comforting stuffed logs of cheesy goodness - aka the Baked Manicotti ($15) . I also stabbed a bite of my friend's Penne ala Vodka ($16) which I'll definitely be ordering on my next visit, though I'll likely shell out the extra $1 for some chicken to satiate my inner carnivore. 3. The amicable wait staff - Our server had an awesome sense of humor and his candid opinion of the menu was greatly appreciated. In reading previous reviews after the fact, he thankfully saved one of our party from a disappointing ravioli order. 4. Did I mention the 50% off bottles of wine on Monday night? Yeah, yeah- I know I said that was what brought me in, but the deal is good enough that I'm allowed to list it again as what's bringing me back.Looking forward to my next visit to Grape Street Cafe. Nothing starts off a work week like a Monday-Funday!
4	My wife and I liked this place a lot. The wine selection is great and the manager is very knowledgeable and friendly. He made it a point to chat us up and suggest different wines to us one day while he was covering the bar.While their bar chairs are uncomfortable, the table seating works just fine whether you're inside or outside. When I was living in Vegas, my wife and I would always go on their Monday night special 50% off wine nights and after a couple of bottles we'd leave with a couple more.
3	I have been here quite a few times and each time have had a different experience:  good, then bad, then so-so, which consistency for me is key. I want to go to a place where I at least have a certain level of desirable expectation. A few girlfriends and I went here last night (Monday), mainly because Monday's they have half off bottles of wine, can't beat that! I love the ambiance, low lighting, candles, decor is much older feeling, heavy metal chairs, wood tables, stone counter tops. . . kind of a picture perfect place. So you have two constants- good wine (half off or not) and a nice atmosphere for a date or a girls night, but something always seems to give with either service or quality of food. Last night our server was great, but food was disappointing, my entree- Eggplant Parmesan came out luke-warm and my girlfriend's salad was soaked in dressing. So you are probably thinking why would I give them three-stars and that's simply because I am not just basing it on last night. I think some simple quality control steps with food and service and it could easily be 4 or 5 stars!
4	My wife and I love Grape Street. It is one of our favorite places for dinner. Great ambiance, nice "bistro" menu. Our favorites are the Steak Salad, Salmon Burger or any pasta. Our favorite appetizer is the baked brie in puff pastry. We like this place so much, we had our Rehearsal Brunch there.We were there on a Wednesday night. The place was packed. We introduced a friend to Grape Street. The food, as always, was great. However the service was slow. Glasses sat unfilled and they gave our appetizer to another table, without crediting us for it. We'll definitely be back, but hopefully they will have added some wait staff and improved the service.
4	So far so good.....We stopped by this place before heading out for V-day dinner. It was packed and abuzz with chatter. We sat at the bar ordered a cab and pinot grigio flight. Enjoyed the fluffy warm bread they gave us and more importantly the wine. Definitely coming back to try the food. It's a great find in the Summerlin area without the pomp and frill.
4	YASMG!!(Yet Another Strip Mall Gem)3.65 stars.  Not quite a solid 4 but pretty darn close.I like the deliberate decor.  Much more interesting than I expected in a strip mall.  Warm textures and soft lighting as well as exposed brick.The service was predominantly very good.  There was a moment when one of my coworkers received his salad and was surprised that it had cheese.  He hadn't read the menu and it didn't occur to him that a house salad would come with blue cheese.  The waiter was a little put off that he didn't want the cheese on the salad but then returned it and brought out another salad minus cheese.I had the penne ala vodka which came with asparagus, asiago, basil, prosciutto and a nice vodka sauce, portion size was good.Based on my visit I would return to try other selections.
3	Chugging right along.I have been coming to Grape Street for over a decade.  Despite living on the other side of town, I make the trek just to have lunch or dinner, even just for desert if the mood struck.On this most recent visit, I had the steak salad (the champagne vinaigrette is seriously good).  As usual, the steak was seasoned just right and cooked a perfect medium rare.  The lettuce was fresh and crunchy and there was just enough dressing for taste without drowning the whole thing miserably (I eat slow, so it's important otherwise everything will be a soggy mess).   My wife ordered a side salad (with the champagne vinaigrette) and an order of calamari. Grape Street has always made it just right: light on the batter, cooked to a nice crispness on the outside and delicately soft on the inside.  It still surprises me that so few places (neighborhood joints, mostly) overcook their calamari until it's a chewy heap.  Over a decade and Grape Street still pwns calamari!The mother-in-law ordered the chicken gorgonzola pasta.  It was typically rich and filling.  It's always been a little too rich for my taste and requires wine to wash it down (not that that's a bad thing...).  If we could do a half order, it would be perfect.For desert, we ordered the bread pudding and chocolate souffle cake.  The bread pudding is one of my favorites in town.  Great texture; never mushy, never hard.  I normally don't like sauce on my bread pudding, but Grape Street's is absolutely delicious.  The souffle cake is one of our staples and it's usually moist and rich, yet light.  However, on this occasion, it was hard on the edges and not as airy as it usual.  Almost like it wasn't quite fresh (I know it's not made to order, but still...).  Areas for improvement?  The menu, while my family has their favorites, is predictable and hasn't changed since we first started coming here.  The specials are well and good, but IMHO, the menu could use a refresh.  The service has always been reliable, but on our last few visits, the server made little to no effort to up-sell (I'm oblivious to it, but it's an important aspect of coming off as a professional service provider).  I've never walked away disappointed with a meal here.  There is room for improvement; but, I guess if it ain't broke, why fix it?  In the past, I would have easily marked this a 4 star restaurant.  Based on current trends, it is just average among a plethora of competitors.  To me, 3 stars isn't a bad rating, it just shows that Grape Street is reliable with room for improvement.
3	This place gets some good reviews but the only bummer is that it used to be a whole lot better - could be a whole lot better.  Killer location, great vibe but the service and food are pretty mundane and unoriginal.  Much better when it first opened now boring same old food.
3	Grape Street is good for some decent Italian fare and Wines, it's a place I wouldn't make reservations at, but more likely just drop in for a nice lunch or casual dinner with a friend. Ambiance is that of a tablecloth dining experience with a vineyard feel to it and wooden barrels in the back.
2	***This review is for the bar counter service only***This is a really hard review for me to write....why?  Because I love this place, but last night the service was so bad I have to give it 2 Stars.The Better Half and I enjoy going out to places that offer flights of wine.  We enjoy sampling different vineyards without the cost of paying for a full glass of wine.  Grape Street is our go to place for this.  Normally we dine at a table and enjoy a full meal with our flights.  However, last night we decided to go to the bar because we didn't plan to eat.  It was a mistake.The bartender's service was horrible.  We had to get our own menus.  We each ordered a flight of the Zinfandels and glasses of water.  Once she poured the flights of wine, she didn't bother to tell us anything about the wine.  Normally, they will tell you which glass contains which wine and will give you a brief description of the taste & flavors.  She was more concerned with this guy who was sitting at the bar.  Keep in mind that there was only 5 people at the bar including my Wife & I when we arrived.  Within 20 minutes, there was only 3 of us remaining at the bar.....she spent all of her time chatting up the other customer.  Meanwhile, our glasses of water sat empty.I finished my flight before the Better Half finished hers.....that's always the case.  I was interested in having another glass and was considering one of the Cabs....however, she was nowhere to be found.  The bar was left unattended and who knows where she went.  Finally, she appeared with food for the other customer.  I waited until she delivered his order, then I flagged her down....she says "Just one second".....then she bolts from the bar.....what the ??  I watched her as she walked around the restaurant and she came back empty handed.....what was so freaking important that you couldn't take a drink order from a customer at the bar?  When she finally came over, I asked if I could sample one of the Cabs before I made my decision......she said "sure" and poured me a small sample of the Cab I requested.  Then, she walked away to do something else in the back.....didn't she want to know if I wanted to order a full glass?  Come on!  By this time, the Better Half said screw this.....let's go have a glass of wine somewhere else where we will be served.A server from the restaurant came to the bar, looked over at us and could see we were irritated....asked if we needed anything, I said Check Please.  She went in the back and found the bartender....who came over and said "Didn't you want another glass of wine?"......ha, not tonight and not with your crappy service.  I paid the check and we were on our way to another place.I didn't get the bartender's name, but she had dirty blond curly hair.....I remember who she is because when we come back, I will be sure to avoid the bar if she's working.This place use to be so much better than this.  I don't know what's going on.Will I return?  Yes, but will only sit at the bar if she's not the bartender.  We'll sit in the dining area if necessary.
2	Ehh...-I went here with some friends for a late lunch on a Saturday.The place was nothing to write home about- not horrible but not fantastic either- just... so-so.-We went at around 3PM and stayed for about two hours on a Saturday. We were the only ones when we first got there, and about three other parties came as we were there. I thought it might have been busier but it wasn't. -Three of us ordered the steak salad- it was okay, but I've definitely had better. They could've jazzed it up with some sort of micro-greens or tastier lettuce. It was just iceberg. -The service was fine- not overly fantastic but in no way bad.-I was a bit surprised by the wine list. The restaurant seems to tout itself as a wine place but the wine list wasn't all that extensive. -As one reviewer had mentioned- the bread pretty much crumbles. That was pretty odd.-The ambiance is nice, it's set up to be reminiscent of a wine cellar with exposed brick walls and wrought iron fixtures and furniture. -We had separate checks and the bill for one steak salad and a glass of mid price sauv. blanc came out to $26. A little pricey considering I'd probably have been more satisfied with In n Out or  a Panera salad for half the price. Overall, this place is pretty subpar, and a bit overhyped on here.
2	Came in tonight just to have a bottle of wine. Apparently the wine we chose, a white wine, was not chilled. We asked for a bucket with ice to chill it. That little blip took about 15 mins for the waiter to figure out and inform us. It took several more mins. To bring out the wine. After that, we didn't see the waiter till we asked for the bill. Should have gone to the Road Runner. Oh well.
3	My wife and I have been to Grape Street a few times and we always seem to go back. That tells me it's not a bad place. But, that's the most I can say, it's not a bad place. The wine list at Grape Street is always pretty good for sure. Expensive but good. The food however is a different story.  Most of the dishes are good, but a little over-priced given how simple they are. As an example, the chicken penne with gorgonzola is delicious, but after eating it once I replicated the recipe at home for less than $12 to serve 4 people. Most of their recipes are similarly simple and easily made at home.   Tonight I had the large steak salad. The steak was seasoned well and cooked to perfection. The problem is the greens used in the salad are cheap iceberg lettuce. This dish could be made with fresh spinach and some arugula and it would have been perfect. Charge me another dollar for the extra 50 cents spent on upgraded ingredients and I'm all in. My wife's chopped salad had the same iceberg lettuce and our thoughts were the same regarding it.   The dessert we had tonight was pretty darn good. Banana Egg Rolls! Bananas wrapped in a light phillo dough, deep fried and served with butter pecan ice cream. It was truly delicious. Our waiter recommended a Marenco Brachetto sparkling red wine as an accompanyment. It was just right. If you go to Grape Street be sure to order this dessert combo.  Grape street has a great atmosphere and seems to do good business, but a little more attention to quality of ingredients would make it a can't miss. If I could give 3 1/2 stars I would, because 3 is too low, but 4 is too high.
2	Good foodBad LocationSlow ServiceLimited MenuThe last time I went there I called ahead for reservations and was told we didn't need one - there would be plenty of space. We arrived and were asked why we didn't make a reservation because it would be hard to accommodate five of us. They made room for us outside on the patio where is was freezing cold. They said they would turn on the heaters, but they never came on for the whole two hours we were there (the last 1/2 hour just waiting for our check). Overall I was very disappointed and will not be returning.
3	Eh.  It's OK.  It's not Nora's.We went here because we had a gift certificate and I had heard some buzz about the place.  What stands out the most was that this ITALIAN place had entrees that weren't Italian!  They had a Hawaiian dish special and an Asian special.  I don't know why, but I really hate it when you go to a restaurant and they have food that doesn't fit their theme!  Maybe it's a bias I hold.I ordered the penne alla vodka and my husband ordered linguine with clams.  The food was all right.  Nothing spectacular.  And the prices were a bit high.Bottom line: I wouldn't go back.
3	This place is SO hit-and-miss.  Some night is packed and there is a ridiculous wait; some nights you can get a table right away.  Some nights the service is snobby (c'mon, this ain't the Strip, okay?), some nights it's great.  Food ranges from very good to not so good.  (Tip: Do not order anything with the spicy marinara ~ so hot it has no other flavor and is inedible.)  Very interesting selection of wine (try the well-priced Poppy Pinot Noir).  Some selections are overpriced by the glass (this is getting pretty common even in the 'burbs of Sin City).  This place has survived a long time and has its fans for sure, but I am too often disappointed here based on the price point for food and drinks.
5	WOW.. this place was packed last night. My wife and i had a very nice dining experience after about a 30 min wait at the bar. I must say i have been to Grape Street in the past when the service was pretty subpar but this time everything was spot on. The Ahi tuna with wasabi and sesame crust was outstanding as well as the chilean sea bass. Our server Jason was amazing and recited the specials with great passion. Everything was topped off with a chocolate fondue. Way to go. We will definitely be back!!
2	Pros: love the music they played (electrovibes like Portishead) and the atmosphere was wonderful. Our server was also very pleasant.Cons: I ordered the chicken marsala, as I'm chewing, I crunch on something hard. Turned the chicken over and there were little black chunks that looked like plastic bits.  When I asked the server about it, he said "I think it's allspice". Which I did not believe and I told him that if it's allspice then it shouldn't be black, hard, non-chewable bits. We paid and left. I will not be going back but maybe this was a one-time incident. Nonetheless, good atmosphere, music, and wine..
4	I used to come here for lunch with my boss, and our mortgage office was just around the corner. A+ for ambiance- it feels like a charming bistro; must be the reason why it's so popular for suits and other business types (power lunch). Get there early for lunch because it can get crowded. My favorite dish here was the yummy salmon burger at $12, served on a french roll with fresh aoili and a side (don't remember what I had though). For dessert, we had the fondue- amazing.  Restaurant.com participant- I recently got a certificate and plan on coming again (and you know what I am ordering).
3	Solid food, large selection, and a cozy, warm ambiance. A nice place for a family dinner or lunch to catch up with a friend.
5	I have enjoyed dining at Grape Street for many years! The service is always great, all staff are warm, friendly and genuinely passionate about the wine and the menu. I cannot express how many times a server or bartender introduced me to a new wine to taste that has become a favorite! The menu has such a great variety and I always order the tapas plate no matter what! The tzaziki is to die for! The meatballs have just enough kick to be full of flavor but not too spicy and the eggplant is great too. I am also a huge fan of their baked Brie, steak salad and the penne al la vodka is the best in town by far! Their desserts are always delish and I usually choose the wonderful fruit and chocolate fondue or the pumpkin cheesecake. Overall this is my favorite place to go alone and enjoy the wine, music, and great food while leisurely indulging in a great afternoon or with a girlfriend for happy hour. They have consistently wowed me when I came in with large parties and I must say it is a great date spot! The ambiance feels cozy, classy, and quaint ... Almost like a vacation spot away from all the hustle and bustle of the city. I highly recommend this to everyone I know! Enjoy!
4	This a great place for wine and good beer.  Oh and the food is amazing too!! I posted several pictures, but the steak salad was amazing!  The ambiance is great, it was packed (which usually means the food isnt bad), and the specials were very unique and fitting.  The only downside to our meal was the server.  He seemed overwhelmed and came to our table to take our order and deliver the check.  I did see other wait staff that seemed to handle their tables, we unfortunatley lucked out.  He did not even read us or tell us about specials or particular wines we should try.  If it wasn't for the food and the bartender we visited with before we sat, I would have walked out.
5	Tonight I had the seafood fradiavlo.  It had a slightly spice chunky marinara sauce.  I am not a spicy food fan but the was just enough for me.  If I had made it myself I would have added more seafood nut it was just enough for a prepared meal.  For desert I had profiteroles.  They puff pastry filled with vanilla bean ice cream covered with chocolate and raspberry  sauce. They were amazing.  This remains one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas.  Also, Monday night is 1/2 off bottle wine night.  Great night to try thus place out.  It is a "CAN'T MISS"
1	i will never go back to this place! At first its deceiving, the place actually looks good and classy but oh my the food taste all the same  = blunt!  TASTELESS! Me and my other 3 girlsfriends ordered different meal plus calamari appetizer and we all end up asking for a box because we all didnt like our foods. Service? so so... not bad not too great. one star for the ambience , thats it!
4	nice place. good food. service was a little sub-par.....forgot our bread, forgot a wine refill for a while.
4	This was my first visit to Grape Street Cafe, and, after being slightly miffed that reservations are only accepted for parties of 6 or more, was quite pleased with the experience.  Beyond a large patio, the interior of the restaurant is capacious, and was mostly filled with diners when I arrived for dinner on a Tuesday night.  Light was dim, and I kept crashing into high iron chairs with my arms when I made my way to the restroom.  Ouch!  Numerous bottles of wine dotted the back of the restaurant, and a bar occupied the middle.  The white tableclothed ambiance of this restaurant and wine bar was actually rather romantic.Service was friendly and accommodating.  My entire table of four changed the menu offerings of Chicken Parmesan and Chicken Marsala to Veal Parmesan and Veal Marsala for an $8 upcharge per plate, even though these items were not listed on the menu.  Veal Milanese was; and the server said if the chef had enough veal on hand, getting what we wanted would not be a problem.  Food came out slowly from the kitchen, but was worth waiting for.We started with Crab-stuffed Shrimp as an appetizer.  The five medium-sized shrimp were perhaps a little overcooked, but the crab stuffing was generous and tasty, and the delectable citrus Scampi sauce great for dipping the shrimp.  I was surprised that the cup of chicken noodle soup next set before me was entirely homemade, with soft carrots and irregular cuts of fresh white chicken--not the tiny bits of pink chicken found in canned condensed soup.  Very comforting!  Caesar salad was excellent, with a creamy Caesar dressing.  Fresh Italian bread loaves were warm and filling, with etched notches suitable for easy cutting and distribution.  Bread and butter were fairly quickly replenished on request.  So, the preludes were very good.  But could the entrees match them?Well, they definitely did.  Veal Parmesan consisted of four large pounded sections of veal covered with a gentle--not spicy--Marinara sauce and topped by generous amounts of gooey melted cheese, with extra strands of Parmesan cheese sprinkled on by me for good measure.  I could barely finish this entree and the Spaghetti Marinara that came with it.  Veal Marsala sported flatter ample slices of pounded veal topped by a wonderful sweet Marsala wine sauce and fresh mushrooms, served along with whole lengths of cooked carrots still flashing shoots of greenery on their tops, and large, magnificent chunks of roasted potatoes.  After this fine repast everyone in my party was too full for dessert, but numerous tempting offerings were available.I will definitely return to this fine eatery!
3	The steak salad is great! That is really the only reason I will go back. The menu doesn't have good selection and is a bit pricey for the food quality.
3	I really do love this place, and have been dining here for years now.  The atmosphere is romantic and cozy.  However, the food is usually hit or miss, which is why I usually stick to the appetizer platter and a salad. Their half off bottle nights on Monday make the wine bill a bit easier on your pockets.  All in all, I always look for other "romantic" options, but keep coming back here.
4	I have heard a lot of good things about Grape Street, so when I saw a Groupon for Grape Street, I snatched one up right away. We went here about a month and a half ago. We got a tapas plate for our appetizer. It was really good and had meatballs, roasted garlic, tzaziki, eggplant, cheese sticks, and calamata olives. I had the Veal Parmesan for my entree. I liked it a lot. It also came with a Caesar salad which was good/average. My wife got the sesame tuna which was nicely cooked. She got the lobster bisque with hers. It was fine but not as good as I had hoped. While I wasn't impressed with the soup and salads, the app and entrees deserve a second visit.
3	Went here for the first time last Monday... for a Monday night... this place was doing pretty good business.When I walked in, I was greeted with lots of yummy smells... bread, garlic, butter.... everything that makes my mouth water.So... they have some really nice wines.... from low to high end.  The only drawback that I encountered with their list was that what they had on the list wasn't entirely accurate... basically... what they need to do is update it based on what is current in their stock and NOT what they had carreid in the past or what was on order to be delivered.  It makes it hard to select wine when the menu isn't accurate.In any case, the wines we did have were quite nice.The tapas plate was perfect for 3 people.  And their entree salads were big but not too big (like Cheesecake Factory).  The steak salad is almost a while steak on top of a bed of salad greens.  So... if you want steak and a salad.... get this one.I got the chicken copped salad.... it was a little bland and I was disappointed in the avocados because they were hard and plain... usually avocados add a rich, creaminess to everything and these were just not ripe yet.I'd try this place again if friends wanted to go... but it won't be my first choice.  Too many other places in Vegas to venture to.
3	Grape Street has a cool atmosphere at night.  Low-lit romantic atmosphere.  Be prepared to wait if you go on the weekend.   Try to go on a weeknight if at all possible.The outdoor patio is a nice atmosphere when it is cooler weather in Vegas.The pasta entrees sit a bit heavy but are definitely tasty!
5	A great place for food and atmosphere.. I get their steak salad and I will try a special here and there. I finish off with some dark chocolate fondue and I'm a happy camper. Good wine selection (50% off on Mondays.. hayyy) The service is cool.
4	I rarely have the opportunity for a good Italian meal so I was excited when we decided on Grape Street Cafe.  After ordering and tasting the Manicotti, I guess I will just have to continue waiting.  The ends were tough and the pasta was chewy, not in a good way.  We sent back the Manicotti
4	This place is the perfect getaway spot to eat your feelings with your lover.  Since I have a lot of feelings and a lover, I loved this spot.  My boyfriend took me here and the food was a grade A.  We got the baked brie appetizer, the veil plate special, and the salmon.  Dinner entries come with salads.  The salad and the starter bread is enough to constitute a meal already (good).  My only pickle was that it took the waiter awhile to attend to us (bad).  Overall, the restaurant was packed (good), poorly lit (bad), and full of character (good).
2	Groupon users BEWARE. I called to place a reservation as requested by my Groupon and was told they don't take reservations it was a first come first serve basis. Drove 45 mins to the cafe and after 15 mins of waiting for a hostess was told it would be approximately an hour wait to dine for my gf and I all the while people WITH reservations were seated one after another. It amazes me that having a GROUPON can change how a business treats a customer. Didn't eat here and never will. Food smelt good and ambiance was nice that's why I have given this 2 stars. I WILL be getting a refund for my GROUPON.
3	Grape Street is not for everyone. On this dining outing, as before, the place was very crowded and filled with the chatter of diners plus added music mixed by a DJ. You almost had to shout to be heard by your table-mates, and we were as far away from the speakers as one could be. Good service was lacking this time, but that largely depends on one's luck of the draw. Our server never announced any of the specials; fortunately I had checked the blackboard before he arrived to see what they were. When I asked for butter for the Italian bread, the equivalent of two pats arrived. Twice more I had to ask for additional butter, and each time only enough for two applications was brought to the table. And, vinegar and oil were never offered. Our first loaf of bread was cool and undistinguished, but the second was very hot and tasty. While the service was professional it was not very friendly or attentive. We waited at least 30 minutes between completing the salad course and the arrival of our entrees. And, when they did arrive, they were all barely lukewarm. The other 3 members of my party gutted it out but I complained and asked for my veal to be heated up. Why spend good money and not enjoy what you are eating if it only needs reheating? At first our waiter took issue with my claim that the food was almost cold, touching the bottom of the plate and noting that it was hot. I invited him to try the food itself, since the temperature of the plate was largely irrelevant. But he declined my offer, and took my plate away. Based on how long we waited for our entrees, I believe that it was largely this server's fault that our food was not hot, because the plates probably sat waiting to be picked up and delivered for an unreasonably long time. In 5 minutes our server returned with a smoking, quite hot new batch of Veal Parmesan. I was content! It was not necessary to give me new veal cutlets but that's what the restaurant did. I could tell the scallops of veal were new, because all 4 large patties were intact and the Parmesan Cheese that I had sprinkled over the tepid batch was now entirely absent. My final gripe on this occasion is that on trips to two different unisex restrooms, baskets in each were filled to the top with discarded paper towels. With the restaurant often filled to capacity, periodic policing of the restrooms is a must! Thus far this review sounds like it is heading into two- or one-star territory, and that I will vow to never return. But that is far from the case. Why? Because of the excellence of the very tasty food! Ahh, the food! 18 steamed Little Neck Clams sauteed in a zesty white wine sauce were filled with flavor, and I spooned the sauce like soup. This was a great starter! The Chicken Noodle Soup that followed was clearly homemade, with large hand-cut morsels of chicken, al dente carrot slices, celery, and noodles swimming in an excellent chicken broth. A chopped salad with blue cheese crumbles, bright red tomatoes, chopped Iceberg Lettuce, and a thicker than usual Raspberry Vinaigrette Dressing was surprisingly very good, since vinaigrette dressings rarely supply the flavor punch that this one did. Although Roasted Potatoes were slightly burnt on the outside, they were still tasty. And, once the food temperature was straightened out, the cheesy Veal Parmesan tasted very good. So did the Veal Marsala ordered by all others at my table, except accompanying long-stemmed carrots were hard and virtually uncooked. Because of the fine food served at Grape Street, and an earlier much better dining experience, I will return again. But I sincerely hope that my next venture will be more like my first visit than my second. If this restaurant wants my continuing business along with more friends in tow, I am putting its management on notice that it is now make it or break it time, and with me this establishment is currently on a short leash. For, with the profusion of other fine Italian restaurants cooking up delicious meals in Las Vegas, A-OK is just not good enough for regular frequenting.
1	Party of 10 for happy hour. Was asked to move entire party to the other side of the restaurant. Then was asked to pay the $328 bill and leave bc there was a wait for seating! Will never return!
4	We had a Groupon gift from our son. My wife and I are wine fans so we were happy getting to try the place.Food was great, service was good. Mind you we went there on a Sunday night. So the place was not crowded at all.  We were seated immediately and received good service. It is a little pricy for me to go there regularly. The food is priced well. It is just when you add the items a-la-cart they add up. Had we not had the Groupon, our meal for two would have been around $200. For two additional glasses of wine and the tip which was not included, we spent another almost $70 on top of Groupon..  That is a little stiff for me. I think it is worth the price just not low enough for us to go regularly.Ambiance is nice. I was surprised to see a place with charm and character in a strip mall. Unique wine selection.If you can afford it, it is worth the money.
5	Wine selection is FANTASTIC!This place is a hidden gem among those of us who love good food paired with good wine. Service is OK when it gets busy Good when things are slow. I have had lunch and dinner there for a couple of years now and have never been disappointed.
3	10/29/11 DINNER.Mixed emotions on this one. Came hoping to love, left a little disappointed.ME: Linguine w/ triple cream brie w/ toasted walnuts, mushrooms, prosciutto, fresh herbs & Parmesan. Added chicken for $3 more, per waiter's suggestion. There was brie, even some chunks, but it wasn't very strong, in aroma or flavor. (When I drank a sip of Point Noir with a bite, that seemed to bring out the brie.) There were absolutely no mushrooms, which were greatly missed in this dish. And there was hardly any prosciutto, again, missed. Basically I ended up with walnuts & chicken in linguine in a creamy cheese sauce. And I didn't need the chicken after all, I think the dish would've been better without it. Overall, an OK dish, but not as interesting since it didn't follow the menu description. (FOLLOWUP: I had some left over the next day, and it actually improved in brie flavor having set overnight in the fridge.)SPOUSE: Filet Oscar, which was  the classic filet of beef topped w/ king crab and Bearnaise sauce, w/ asparagus, then drizzled w/ Cabernet sauce, all on top of leek mashed potatoes. OK, there was a POOL of Cabernet sauce, and hardly any Bearnaise. The beef was good, for a filet, and exactly as ordered, rare. But for the money spent, spouse wasn't thrilled. Good, not great. His meal did come with choice of a salad or soup, he chose butternut squash soup, which was good, tasted more like pumpkin, earthy & sweet.DESSERT: We split the pear dessert, which was again good, not great. We also split a glass of Chilean dessert sauvignon blanc, which the waiter brought in separate glasses, a nice touch. The wine was recommendable: fruity, aromatic, not too sweet.WINES: All we drank were wines-by-the-glass. It was nice to find a Patricia Green Pinot Noir on a by-the-glass list. The cheaper-line-by-Schraumsberg Mirabelle sparkling rose was better than I had expected. (LONG time ago, I had tried Mirabelle Brut and thought it smelled/tasted like bug spray! Obviously Schramsberg has improved the wines on their secondary program!) And the nebbiolo was fine. But the bill for 4 glasses of wine skyrocketed the cost of our experience.SERVICE/VENUE: Attentive, nice waiter. Nice setting. (We had to sit outside, cuz it was crazy full inside, but the heater sufficed for the outdoors at night.)OVERALL: If we had not had our $50 Groupon with us, we would've paid $170+ for this meal, which I found rather crazy. I'm glad I finally tried Grape Street, but I won't go outta my way to return.PS: I wish we could have tried the food at Nora's Wine Bar, which closed recently. The only day we visited, we only got to do wines. THAT menu looked incredible, authentic Italy Italian, AND they had a fantastic selection of wines by the glass as well. Sigh.
4	Great wine menu for wine lovers and their 50% off wine selection promotions are on every Mondays.  Grape Street is a popular place to dine at without breaking the bank, unless you want to (even then it will be a challenge).  Pretty dark/dim lighting, ideal if you don't want to see your food before consuming it, even better if you must dine with someone you absolutely can't stand looking at.  Awesome hostess!Well, I went on a Tuesday (1 day before the Groupon I purchased several months ago expires) and called ahead to see if I needed to make a reservation.  I was told they only take reservation for larger parties (I believe 6, maybe 8) but to come down since they were not busy.  So I took a quick nap, and ended up over there around 6:45pm, and the place was packed with people waiting in the non-existent lobby/waiting area near the hostess podium.I was told the wait will be a 45 minutes, so I left my number and went to read in my car (it was way too cold to be seated outside or walking about checking out what other businesses are in the same plaza). The hostess must have some magical talents, because like magic or a clever charm, she shrunk the wait time to around 8 minutes and delivered the good news over the phone.  Sweet!!!    +1 star right there!I was seated at a small table in a dimly lite part of the restaurant, which is not bad, but not great if you are a Yelper and photodocument your experience.  Luckily field testing the iPhone 4S in low light condition with "flash" was a reasonable success.Service was pleasant, even at max capacity, albeit not as speedy as it might have been on nights when they are not so slammed with guests.  Which gave me plenty of time to read the menu and research for suggestions on Yelp.  (The baked brie was indeed a great community suggestion!)So this is what I ended up ordering:* Baked Brie in Puff Pastry Shell ($13) with chopped Hazelnut, Caramelized Onions and Apricot Preserve, served with Apple wedges and Grapes, and really big slices of french breads.  The baked brie itself was wonderful and nom nom nom goodness! It was large enough to share amongst four people, or even better having it all to yourself. The presentation however needs refinement (toasted bread slices way too thick, and a knife stabbed in the pastry is anything but refine).  4 stars for taste, 1.5 stars for presentation.  Recommended.* Seafood Fradiavolo ($20) - clams, shrimp,calamari, scallops & mussels are blended in a spicy tomato sauce or a white garlic and oil sauce and served atop linguine.  I went with the white garlic sauce, which I was told was the more popular option.  Shrimp was overcooked, and the scallops was a 1/4" thick slice, which are my only main non-positive reaction, to a pretty good tasty entree. 3 stars for the taste and presentation.  Recommended if you like seafood and pasta.* Chicken Marsala Dinner ($22) - thinly pounded chicken sauteed in Marsala wine sauce, served with mushrooms, baby carrots and potatoes (Online menu said it is served with rice pilaf).  The chicken was absolutely tender and cooked perfectly!!!  The baby carrots and potatoes were likewise expertly executed in the kitchen.  However, I am not a fan of this version of the Marsala Wine Sauce, which I thought was too one-dimensionally sweet and generally lacking in complexity of flavors contributed by the use of herbs and seasoning.All dinner comes with choice of small house salad or soup, and I opted for the salad.  It was decent, with the raspberry dressing (standard) or can be customized with your specified dressing.Had room for dessert, but was saving room for the Sushi Mon10th Anniversary $10 AYCE promo the next day.  (Which ended up falling through, due to the overwhelming Occupy Sushi Mon Movement) Location:  Close to the 95 and Summerlin Parkway.Parking:  4/5  Plentiful, but there are little to no shades in this parking lot to minimize the hot summer sun.Service:  4.5/55 stars alone for the Hostess, as she was simply awesome!  I am sure she did her best to seat patrons as quickly as possible,and turned a 45 minute wait to just ~5-8 minutes on a busy night.  She follows up after themeal on the food your ordered and asks how it was, that alone is unheard of!!!  She deserves every penny the restaurant pays her and more.4 stars for the waiter and the runner that brought out and cleared away my plates.  The only reason it is not 5 stars also, is the minor reason that all the main courses (I ordered two for myself) were delivered to the table at the same time.  I guess I will have to make a point to specify that in the future, as I am pretty sure they don't often have guests order that much food.Food:  3/5 Above average.Price:  4/5  Reasonable.Overall, it was a good dining experience and I can see why it is a popular destination.  The waitstaff and the hostess were friendly and basically awesome, especially in consideration of how busy they were when I went.
3	We had a groupon for a pre fixe meal.  We got to choose an appetizer, an entree each and a desert.  For the app we got a cheese and fruit plate and ordered the house chopped salad.  The cheese platter had more crackers and fruit as opposed to cheese. It was average.  For my entree I chose the seafood fravaola with white sauce.  It was ok.   The best thing about this place is the ambiance and atmosphere.  It's a nice quaint joint that immediately relaxes you as you sip on your wine.  I'm in no rush to go back, I may If there's another groupon offer.
4	Came here on date, the ambiance was absolutely perfect. The lighting was nice and dim and there were candles on every table. There was smooth live music, the type that isn't annoying, the type that you can actually have a conversation with one another and not yell over the noise.  Food, was great. We had Seafood Fradiavolo and Shrimp Pesto. They were both delicious. I recommend the Fradiavolo! it was bomblicious. Service... well, it wasn't terrible. The hostess, was a little uninviting and although we made eye contact she made no acknowledgement when we walked in. We later found out, she doubles up as a bit of a server, so I understood that she was busy. Still, there should be more people working to accommodate the traffic. Our waiter... hmm, a little negligent, but once he stopped by, he was very quick.Over all, I would come here again!
1	My experience at Grape Street tonight was very disappointing because of the service my boyfriend and I received. When we first arrived to the restaurant there was a group of people waiting to be seated and the hostess was nowhere to be found for about 5 minutes. Which is completely understandable as I work at a restaurant myself. She was pretty nice and courteous and thanked us for waiting multiple times. The restaurant was very beautiful. The ambiance of it was romantic and we had a nice table by the window which was great because we were celebrating an anniversary. But as soon as we got sat, things went downhill. Our server seemed very unhappy to serve us after we mentioned we had bought the 54 dollar 3 course meal Groupon. (Which I am not happy about and will bring up later) Not once did he smile at us, and his responses to our questions were one worded. It felt immediately uncomfortable. I assumed that maybe he was having a bad day or something but nope. We saw that he was smiling at other tables (like the table right next to us) and people at the bar but for some reason it felt like he did not like us at all. I would not say our server was rude but he was definitely not nice to us. After our meal, he dropped the check by saying "Check." No "thank you" or anything?  The only thing that was good about him was that he was attentive. He did check on us every once in awhile with a, "You guys ok?" Now to the Groupon. My bill would have normally came out to 77 dollars with the appetizer, 2 main courses, 2 glasses of wine, and 1 dessert. (I did not save much with my groupon costing 54 dollars which is fine because saving any money is good)  BUT NO WHERE ON THE FINE PRINT ANYWHERE DOES IT SAY TIPS WILL BE ADDED ON ITS OWN. The server added gratuity and making it an extra 20 dollars. Total that I spent here? 74 dollars. If the Groupon had stated that there was a required gratuity percentage that was FIXED on the bill, this would have been a bit more fair. Oh, and FYI, with the service we got, this definitely was not worth it. Oh, and besides the service, the food was OKAY. I ordered the Triple Cream Brie pasta. It was good but very unhealthy and I will need days of gym time to work off that meal. The bread pudding dessert was okay. I feel like I have had better bread pudding at Vegas buffets.
4	Great food and great service. The seafood fradiavolo was delicious. I took a chance not knowing how fresh the food would be and knowing fradiavolo is basically a make it or break it dish, I risked it. I was happy with my confidence because this was the best tasting fradiavolo I have ever had, simply fresh and well prepared, my compliments to the chef. My girlfriend was also happy with her dish, cheese ravioloi alfredo. Our server was very friendly and made this dining experience great. Also, I noticed the previous review regarding the hostess and I want to point out I was greeted and seated right upon entering. Only missing one star because the prices are a little high.
5	My second lunch during Spring 2012 Restaurant Week was at Grape Street with a doctor I work with.  It w as three course meal featuring: a Burrata Toast Point with Roasted Red Pepper and Prosciutto Drizzled with 18 Year Old Balsamic Vinegar and Truffle Oil; Land and Sea Sliders-Dungeness Crab Cakes with a Caper Aioli on a Brioche Roll and a Sirloin Burger with Vermont Extra Sharp Cheddar, Caramelized Onions and an Asian Slaw with a Light Rice Wine Vinaigrette; and Toasted Lemon Pound Cake (Made In House) with Fresh Blackberries, Strawberries and Blueberries with Fresh Whipped Cream.  Since I don't like fish, I had two sirloin sliders.  The staff was courteous and there was no problem with the substitution.  They were there to serve but not to the point of interfering with our conversation.  Excellent job!
5	Last night was the third time I've gone to Grape Street so I figured I would finally write a review on it... three for three this place has been great! The food is amazing:Favorite Appetizers:Baked BrieCalamariFavorite Salad:Steak Salad (try asking for it with the champagne vinaigrette)Favorite Dinner:Chicken Gorgonzola with PenneEverything I've had here was great- but since I live across town I don't get to go that often. The wait staff is friendly and fast- it gets crowded at night but I've never felt neglected... and our waiter gave me a huge ice cream sundae for my birthday.Unfortunately I am not a big drinker- so I'm only there for the food... although friends have always been happy with their wine choices.Overall I don't have anything negative to say about this place and have always been more than satisfied with my food choices... so it gets five stars.
3	We stopped by on a Saturday afternoon after a fantastic wine tasting at Marche Bacchus.  We both enjoyed a glass of the super juicy Dr. Loosen Reisling and shared their Prosciutto Basil Pizza.  Everything was very good, but the mark up was a bit high.  It was a super cute place with a nice vibe.  I understand they have half price bottles every Monday night.
4	We came here last night because of a restaurant.com coupon, but couldn't use it because it was a half off bottles Monday... and it did say it on the coupon after reading the fine print. But, we stuck around anyway and we had an enjoyable experience. I love the look of the place. Reminds me of an east coast new york style restaurant with the brick walls. Ambiance is romantic and pretty. Tables are somewhat close together but not unbearable. Probably not the best place to bring children. Food prices are kind of hefty also, but I enjoyed my chicken Gorgonzola dish. My boyfriend got the same thing and he liked it as well. Service was good and fast. Would come back again.
5	This is a neighborhood restaurant for us and in our permanent rotation. They have tapas as well as creative sandwiches (check out the adult grilled cheese) and THE MOST AMAZING baked brie. Cost is around 12.00 for a top lunch choice. Great selection of wine and outdoor seating. Very casual yet hip and great service. Yes we go once a month......
3	I'll preface this review by saying that my parents used to take me to this restaurant sometimes as a kid and I always LOATHED coming here. I always thought the food was terrible and that it was needlessly stuffy.Flash forward about ten years, and here I am coming to Grape Street with Mom and actually finding it to be pretty good!We came down on a Thursday night around 6PM and the place was about half-packed. Over the course of the two hours we were there, the room would fill up. Just a hint that reservations might be a good idea.In any case, we were seated promptly by a hostess. The server came by after a little while and brought us water and bread, though after that point it would be spotty how often he would get back to the table. We ended up having The Tapas Plate ($13) as an appetizer, and it's really the way to go just because you get so much food! In the plate, you get a Roasted Garlic Bulb, three Greek Meatballs, a mound of Roasted Eggplant and roasted Peppers, three Goat Cheese Cigars, a handful of Kalamata Olives, four or five slices of Baguette Bread and a bowl of Taziki Sauce. We pretty much devoured everything on the plate.For the main dish, Mom had the Steak Salad ($13), which she's been having ever since the place opened, so they must be doing something right. I had the Chicken Parmesan ($21) and it was pretty decent. It came with an excellent Caeser Salad and a pretty good-sized portion of pasta.The ambience of the dining room is pretty neat too. It's quite dark, and would work well for someone going out on a romantic date. Although the older gentleman that was singing and playing acoustic guitar would sort of throw off that ambiance; the room would have done much better without him.I can't even begin to stress how SLOW the service is in this restaurant though. This meal literally lasted a little over two hours, when it probably should have only been an hour at most. I enjoyed spending the time with my mom, but we would have enjoyed it more if we didn't have to keep waiting so long for each course to come out, or for refills of our drinks. Pretty decent food, crappy service. 3/5
4	The food was great and it has a great atmosphere. It was a little bit pricey, but the baked brie tart was amazing. I'd go back.
4	My fella and I came in with a Groupon and last week. I've had Grape Street bookmarked for some time, so was excited when the Groupon offer came up. We decided to come here on a Friday around 8 and it wasn't too crowded. We greeted warmly by the hostess and seated quickly. Our waiter was friendly and took our drink orders promptly and gave us some time to look through our menus. My fella and I decided to share the baked brie to start. I ordered the salmon caesar salad, while my fella ordered the bbq chicken pizza. The baked brie came out and was very tasty. I'm always a fan of baked brie and this was one was definitely solid. The salad portion was enormous, the piece of salmon was huge. I had to take most of this dish home. My fella enjoyed his pizza quite a bit and took most of his home for leftovers as well. Best of all, our meals tasted great the next day too.The service was good and prices were good as well. The atmosphere is nice as well. There is a homey atmosphere where it felt like a lot of the patrons were regulars and everyone seemed to know each other. I'm definitely interested to check this place out again even though I don't live particularly close to this area.
2	The food here is very good, but it is a little overpriced.  I would probably rate the food about 4 out of 5 stars.  The service here is the worst.  We have eaten here three times.  Every time we have had different wait staff, and every time we regret eating there.  The staff is snobby, rude, slow, and condescending.  If the prices were reasonable we would put up with the torture of the service people, but for what they charge it is not worth it.
4	The grilled cheese is SOOOO good you have to try it! Goat cheese and prosciutto. Also the tomato soup with garlic bread is a good combo. You don't have much choice on the side you get if you get a sandwich but it's usually tasty. You do get bread and butter for free so YAY. All of the sandwiches are pretty fantastic actually and the pasta always looks great. A little pricey for lunch. You can get half orders of the salad though and it's delish. Don't go here if you're in a hurry, and they usually are extremely picky if you try to use a Groupon.
2	I was very excited to try Grape Street. I heard good things and the menu sounded awesome. When I saw it featured on Groupon, I jumped on the opportunity. Sadly, the experience did not live up to the hype.The first things I noticed when seated were the stains on my chair. Not off to the greatest start. I guess that should have been an indicator of what was to come. Our appetizer (fruit and cheese plate) arrived on a plate that had sticky strawberry fingerprints all over it and a distinct lack of cheese (four very small slices). My main course was served on another dirty plate. We were slightly miffed, but decided not to let it ruin our meal.In all fairness, the food and drinks were actually pretty good, although a bit on the pricey side. Our server did a great job and we were ready to leave a significant tip for him.The biggest shocker came with our bill. Our party of two was subject to an automatic 18% gratuity! Really? Honestly, we weren't the happiest with the overall experience, but we were going to take care of our server with a larger tip. After that...nope! I guess they were a bit on the greedy side and wanted to make sure they got a tip on the retail price and not our discounted Groupon bill.Unfortunately, I will not be returning to Grape Street after this experience.
1	Our 1st and last visit. Decided to sit at the bar for dinner. Finally the bartender asked if we wanted something to drink. I ordered the house Pinot and told her we would like to have dinner at the bar. She totally ignored us for 15 minutes. I took one sip of the wine and walked out. My wife asked to pay for the wine and after looking at the bill, the bartender charged us double the price for the wine. $12 for a glass of house wine. After some discussion she refunded the difference. Will never return.
4	LOVED everything about this place. The atmosphere, food, live jazz, happy hour (buy one get one free on any glass of wine and 1/2 priced appetizersTues-Friday 3-6 pm) and the staff were fantastic. You can also get 50% off all bottles to go since they sell retail and on Monday nights inside the restaurant.  Great wine selection and fair prices and nice pours. We can't wait to go back and highly recommend this place. So far, it's one of our favorite restaurants in Las Vegas, not just Summerlin.  We've also been to Vintner Grill, Marche Bacchus, Garfield's which are all very good but this restaurant seems to have the most personality and fun, lively atmosphere.  WELL DONE!
4	The food is great for the most part.  The pricing can become irritating when you realize that your looking out into a parking lot, and not over the fountains at the Bellagio.  Besides the pricing the food and wine are great.  Our server was a little un-educated about the wine, so trying to find a wine I was unfamiliar with was a little daunting.  The atmosphere is relaxing, and this is a really great place to take someone for a nice quiet dinner.  You're best bet is their happy hour and Groupon specials!
2	The only reason we were decided to eat at Grape Street was to redeem a Groupon we bought for a lunch deal. Of course we waited til the last day to use it.Upon walking in the restaurant was full of diners which is always a good sign.  The space was dimly lit and seemed quite romantic to me. We were promptly sat. The host and wait staff were accommodating but they needed to maybe smile a bit more. We were quickly offered water, which tasted like dishwater, but that's Las Vegas tap water for you. We ordered some well needed caffeinated sodas, as they brought us some complimentary fresh baked warm bread with butter, which was quite good. We decided to share a Caesar salad and a Barbecue Chicken Pizza. The salad was okay, nothing special, saturated with not house made dressing. The pizza had good flavor, but the crust was a bit soggy and had lots of raw flour still stuck to the bottom of the pizza. I had to stare at the list of desserts the whole time, so we had to get something. With a little help from the waiter we agreed on getting the Chocolate Cheese Mousse. A small dish of thick, chocolate mousse topped with light as air whipped cream. It was the best thing we got.A bit miffed, they automatically added an 18% gratuity to the bill. We didn't complain because we would've tipped him that or more if given the chance. I figure it was because we used a Groupon.I highly doubt I'll ever want to eat there again, I'd be willing to try some wine at the bar but I'd skip food especially for the prices they charge.
4	Great food.  Killer desers.  Owner and staff are very nice.  Really good food. Nice interior.
1	Have eaten here many times in the past, but had not been back for about three years. Have always enjoyed the food and service, but after last night, that is no longer the case. We entered the restaurant about 6:30pm, no hostess in sight, so we sat down and waited. She eventually walked over, no apology or welcome, just the standard" how many". We sat and got water and bread fairly quickly and ordered the Fried Calamari. It was over battered, chewy and the marinara sauce was flavorless. 12 " peperoni pizza was good, but not $15 good. Chicken Marsala was dry, sauce bland and potatoes were disgusting. I sent it back and got the Chicken Gorgonzola, which was ok, but overpriced for the portion size and amount of chicken. My girlfriend got the Blackened Salmon Caesar Salad.  She said it was fine, but nothing special. It seems like all the portions are lunch size, but at dinner prices.  The bill was $50, after a $25 coupon. All we had is listed above, and just water for drinks. Also, the Chef was at the bar drinking a beer chatting with a lady. Still with his chef coat and apron on. I can't help but wonder if the food would have been better had he been in the kitchen cooking or at least supervising his staff. I don't begrudge the man having a beer, but I find it unprofessional to be in full uniform in the dining room bar while doing so. This is my last trip to Grape Street. There are too many other restaurants that try harder to earn and keep your business that they do.
4	This was our second visit to this restaurant and we have yet to be disappointed. On this trip I actually found a screaming deal on restaurant.com. We received a $50 gift certificate for only $20. They have great alfresco dining. It is in a stripmall but that really doesn't detract from the ambience. The wine list is exceptional and actually seemed to be pretty well priced. We had a St. Francis Cabernet Sauvignon for $35. That's not a bad price point for a great wine! We both had the lobster pasta which was on special. A pound and a half Maine lobster in a pasta dish with a light cream sauce. The claw meat was removed from the shells for you although both my wife and I did find some small bits of shell in our pasta dish which was a little bit of a turn off. I certainly wouldn't hesitate to go back. It's nice to find a great meal in a quiet area off the Vegas strip. If you enjoy wine bars I would definitely recommend you give this place a try!
5	I'm happy we have a place like Grape Street in this town. A nice classy place away from the Strip to have a light lunch or a lovely dinner. I normally get the blackened salmon salad or Mary Anne's grilled cheese (a nice goat cheese sandwich with prosciutto, basil and roasted red peppers). They have my favorite dessert in the whole wide world: CHOCOLATE CHEESE MOUSSE! It is smooth, creamy and chocolatey without being too sweet. It is absolutely divine.
4	Solid food, good wine selection. Menu hasn't changed in years, so don't go expecting to see anything new. Grape street is dependable Staff are usually nice, but they tend to have a moderate to high waiter turnover so occasionally you get someone who isn't any good or doesn't know anything.Go for lunch - the sandwiches are great and the pizzas are pretty good. The poached salmon platter is a nice lighter selection. I'm not too keen on their dinner menu, but I have no reservations about recommending it for lunch.
5	Came here for lunch today (it's my burfday) and for once in his life My T. did not argue with me where to eat!!!  Everything looked good on the menu, so I asked the waiter for suggestions.  Right off the bat he mentioned the tuna carpaccio (off menu item).  So we ordered that, mussels made with white wine, a side of meatballs, and a large house salad (rasberry vinaigrette).  Tuna carpaccio and meatball stood out.  Tuna was spread very thin over a large plate.  Served with capers, egg bits, and drizzled with wasabi and a soy sauce.  The bites had a little kick, but I would definitely tell everyone to try this.  The meatball side were two baseball sized meatballs served in their marinara. (I know, baseball doesn't sound appealing, does it?  But it's a perfect size description, so get the thought of sweaty baseball players out of your head, and think of the meatball again.  It was an  excellent meatball, moist and filling.  The house salad had Gorgonzola and apple with their homemade dressing.  Nice light addition to the meal.  Mussels (you have a choice of what kind of wine you want them to make it with).  Also excellent, we were full, we didn't need to get this last dish. We were struggling by the end of the meal.Yes, I agree, the prices are a little more than you would get at Denny's, but it's not thaaaaaaaat expensive.  Salads were around 10 dollars.  All the sandwiches on the menu are 10 dollars.  The apps range 10-15 dollars.  Burger is 12 dollars.  Pizzas are 20 dollars.  Tiffanie R I have no clue how you racked up a $200 bill!!! Place has a very cool, winery vibe.  Dimly lit.  Waiters are all very attentive yet relaxed.  The place is packed (business crowd, perhaps there was one hipster?).  I would try this place out, it's a little gem on this side of town.  BTW the place smells amazing when you walk in, you will get instantly hungry.
5	This restaurant is a jewel in the city of Las Vegas. I urge all to experience a meal here. I am surprised at the wide range of flavors that come out of one kitchen. I have been here at least 10 times and haven't been disappointed once! Some may comment on the prices at first but once you see the portion sizes such as their veal parmesan portion it is actually a deal! They offer other incentives like coupons on restaurant.com (make sure you read the fine print), and Mondays are half off all bottles of wine. Dine in then tell your friends.
2	Mom was in town for a few data do we went here on a groupon deal. First time I tried to use this thing was on a Monday. Of course I didn't read the fine print so groupon deals don't work here on Monday's because of half price wine deal they have that day. Doesn't really make sense to me but whatever that was my fault. My girl and I shared penne ala vodka which was mediocre at best. So they get me to go there twice because now I have to come back to use the actual groupon. I had the filet with lobster and my mom had halibut both were pretty good but service was very slow. I had to ask to refill drinks which is a big pet peeve of mine. Oh and at the end of the meal they added 18% gratuity on the check. Which def. is not common practice for a party of 2 for dinner. Just annoyed by that fact a lot. Probably would have left as much or more anyway but having slow service and having to wait a while for the check. It really just left a bad taste in my mouth. If I was the owner of this place I would probably want to make sure have good service no matter how the customer found out about the place because as it is I got like 50% off one time and won't be back. It's to far away and not worth the drive for slow mediocre service.
5	Excellent experience!! The wine, food, and service here is outstanding. I had the greek salad and the Seafood Fradlavolo, both were delicious! The warm bread they serve before your meal is tasty :) We went minutes before closing, and the people were welcoming and seemed delighted to have us! I will def. be back!
4	Half price wine on Mondays...order a salad and pizza for a budget night out or look for Groupons that seem to come every few months.The rest of their menu is certainly good, but for the price they are not my favorites. Great wine list!...as should be expected.
2	Plain and simple, 2 nights in a row I ate at the bar and was served food without silverware .... I had to get up and get it from a near by table.No sense of urgency, no sense of service. Distracted and un-focused on serving the customer.I was a new face, I get it, I'm not a known regular. I was grossly underestimated. I am the simplest person on earth to serve and I am ALWAYS over-generous.Comparing apples to apples, Grape street is above average. Good wine selection, nice ambiance, horrible "bar chairs" and alright food. The experience was not good enough to make me a "regular" though, and I live in the area ....JP
4	they have a pretty extensive menu, you would find something to eat pretty easy. The appetizers come in pretty big portions and  their food is very Delicious. They also have an extend wine menu.
5	This is by far our favorite local restaurant.  It's not in a casino which makes it pleasant and easy to get to.  It has a lovely outdoor area when the weather permits with a low traffic and nice decorations to enjoy a glass of wine before dinner.  Ah, the wine.....That's why they call it Grape STreet.  Not only is the decor ironworks of grape vines very nicely done, but crates of bottles.  And the wine selection is excellent.  What's better is that the servers are so helpful in recommending wines that you may not think to try, and each time, I've loved the choice and remembered it to order again.For the food.  Great Caesar salad and chopped salad, which comes with most dinners.This restaurant has the very best chicken Parmesan I have ever had with sauce that is impossible to duplicate.  Yes, we've tried.  Chocolate fondue....but after dinner you'll likely not have room since the portions are large.  And the price is reasonable for an excellently prepared dinner.  I've been there multiple dozens of times and the quality is always exactly the same.  You cannot go wrong here
5	Loved it. Service was great (my dad and the waiter were joking the whole time), the atmosphere was superb (I felt like I was back in Italy when I visited), and the meal+desert were sooo delectable! I ordered the Ravioli with portobello :)and for desert I had the the pumpkin cheesecake - 2 of my favorite deserts in 1!Julio was our awesome waiter and added to the overall great experience
5	Great food! The bakes biscuit Brie was to die for and the service was perfect!
5	Grape Street is a perfect date spot, or in my case a nice spot for me and 3 equally drunk friends to continue our quest and grab some food. It's so charming, and I love places that you can eat outside in Vegas. (Only in the fall or spring though!)It seemed many people were on dates, and some seemed a little stuffy, but I won't judge... Since last night all I can think about is the new BEST THING I EVER ATE, Baked Brie. I love my cheese, and holy cow I love this. 2 thumbs up Grape Street! The tapas plate, and mussels were also awesome. For 4 drunks only ordering appatizers and a pizza we scored BIG TIME! Aside from the 2 bottles of wine we ordered the prices were also just right. I'm going to dream about baked brie FOREVER!
4	Service was good and food was good too.
5	Love the atmosphere of this place!! It's a cute spot and the food is awesome! I would have never found this place on my own..The most amazing thing ever is the baked brie in puff pastry!! I could have just ate that as my dinner! It is served with fruit and bread..so delicious!!! I even try too recreate it at home (not as good) of course. Prices are good and staff was friendly.
4	I found a groupon for this place. I'm new to Las Vegas so I have been relying on yelp when trying out places. There were several good reviews so I decided to purchase the voucher. Let me just say...I'm so glad I did. This place was awesome. It's a perfect date spot. The food was excellent I had the seafood linguini, it was so delicious. Their house salad was very good. It's a little pricey but if you can find a groupon it helps make it ok! I would totally go there without the voucher. I want to go back to try the baked brie, I've seen so many reviews raving about it. Cant wait to go back.
2	This was not our first experience at Grape Street, but it may be our last.We made reservations for a party of 5 a day before we went to dinner. When we arrived instead of being given a table that comfortably sat all of us, we were given a 4 top with an extra chair uncomfortably added on one end... next to the bar.Being right next to the bar it was very loud. A couple of men were making a commotion over some sporting event on the television. Had we wanted this experience we would have gone to a sports bar. As it turns out, one of the men was apparently some sort of staff member as he went around later and loudly asked some other tables how things were. We may let this slide had the restaurant been busy and we had just shown up without a reservation, but there was another section far from the bar that was almost entirely empty.The appetizer that we ordered, the tapas platter, was a good appetizer to share with a small group such as ours. The Chilean Sea Bass and the jumbo ravioli were great dinner choices.On the other hand, the chicken parmesan left something to be desired. The chicken was good, but the sauce was god-awful. It was way too sweet and acidic. It tasted like it came out of a 99 cent can. This dinner platter came with a side of spaghetti that was cold and stuck together drenched in the inedible sauce. This platter was also supposed to come with a salad that I had to remind the waiter to bring out.My wife ordered the salmon burger and she expected something similar to a fillet of salmon on a burger. Instead she got what looked like a crab cake made of ground salmon. This in and of itself was not bad, but when she asked the waiter to box it up for someone else in our party to take for lunch tomorrow, he assured her that she would like it. He should just be doing what she asked not trying to coax her to eat something she didn't want to eat. Again, this was no fault of Grape Street -- aside from maybe not describing it in the menu better -- but they should not be trying to force something on someone who clearly didn't want it.When we received the check a gratuity was already added despite any forewarning of such policy. Furthermore, it was not listed clearly on the check and our grandmother who was paying for the meal nearly missed it.Overall, not a great experience at Grape Street, which is sad because we have had better experiences previously and thought that we wanted to come back. Not so sure about that now.
4	Monday night is a great time to stop by this off-the-strip neighborhood restaurant because bottles of wine are 50% off. The food was better than expected, too. One of their more popular items is baked brie ($13). It's a hunk of brie sitting on top of caramelized onions and wrapped in flaky and delicate pastry. It's a massive baseball-sized mound with a knife piercing the top. It's surrounded by toast, pear, apples, and grapes. This is one appetizer meant to be shared.The mussels ($13) were tough, but the white wine sauce that they were sitting in was phenomenal. Any bread that we had left over was used to sop up every last drop of sauce.The caesar salad was decent and the tomato soup was creamy and full of flavor, but too chilled for my liking.The chicken parmesan ($21) was good, but standard fare. The three thin breasts of chicken were coated in a breading that didn't stand a chance of staying crispy under all the sauce and cheese poured on top of it. A side of spaghetti accompanied the dish.The ribeye special was beautifully charred and still tender and medium rare in the interior. It can't compete with top steakhouses in quality, but the wine and mushroom sauced boldly enhanced the flavor. A few carrots, asparagus, and potatoes surrounded the steak.The restaurant isn't exactly kid-friendly, but there were several kids around, including ours. There's no kid's menu but they were happy to make a plain grilled chicken breast and fries for our little one.On a second visit we started with their tapas plate. The Greek meatballs were the best thing on the plate. Savory and full of bold flavors, I wish there were more than three of them. The other items -- the goat cheese cigars, olives, and vegetables were decent, but paled in comparison to the meatballs.The plating of the caprese salad was different than your typical caprese. The end caps of the tomatoes were sliced off and stacked with mozzarella and topped with toasted pine nuts and balsamic vinegar and olive oil.We shared the short rib entree and the kitchen was nice enough to split the dish on to separate plates. I enjoyed the the depth of flavor of the sauce, although it was a touch sweet. But, the beef was too tough. Add to that a dry, chalky risotto and a minuscule serving of carrots and it was mediocre dish.Service was spotty on both visits. The first time due to our waiter being asked to wait on numerous tables scattered around the restaurant. The second time the waiter and kitchen staff were hanging out at the bar watching a Notre Dame game.Grape Street is a clear notch below the top off-strip restaurants, but it's worth a return visit.3.5 Stars
3	Grape street is visually inviting, the bar is pretty and it looks like a wine cellar, the food I would have to say is sub par. The first time I ate there, I went only because it came highly recommended. My first experience did not impress me much. I had a chicken pasta that was just ok, I'm not a big salt lover and I had to add salt and pepper to give it some flavor. I did go back to Grape Street, but not because I was dying to try again, my dad had a groupon and invited me to lunch, otherwise I can honestly say I I wouldn't have returned. I ordered the same chicken pasta I had my first visit. I gave them the benefit of the doubt, and would explain my three star rating. The pasta was good this time around and had enough flavor that I didn't have to add any salt to make it edible. Aside from the ok food I would say the service was prompt and efficient. If you want the best Italian food just go up the street to Parma, which is miles superior.
5	food and service both excellet.I had the mix tapa appetizer.  I love the roast veggie on it.shimp stuffed crabstuffed mushroom lamb salad.peach in cakeall really good.can't wait to go back and try more dishes
4	Grape Street is doing it right. They have been around for a while and seem to survived the downturn of the economy. Nice atmosphere with low lighting. The service is friendly and attentive. On our visit the filet was prepared well done as ordered. The chicken marsala was moist and the portion was large. The mushrooms and sauce  make the dish. During the happy hour wine is 2 for 1 and the appitizers are discounted. On Monday there are discounts on wine by the bottle. Overall, food and service are very good.
4	Have been here more than 5 times and really like sitting at the bar with Michelle the bartender, she's great.  Monday nights are 50% off wine night and it's a great time to go.  They do run Restaurant.com and Groupon specials all the time so there are a lot of coupons out there and they seem to work because the place is fairly busy. I don't like their pizza but think their tomato app, chopped salad and salmon app are all good. The entrees are expensive but do come with sides and we haven't tried dessert yet.  I still prefer this place for happy hour (1/2 off apps and wine) but it's not my favorite place for dinner.
4	Grape Street is a great local restaurant with delicious food, attentive service, and a large wine selection.  Although I normally come for business lunches, Monday nights are a great time to come as they have 50% bottles of wine.  What a deal!  I can't get enough of the salmon salad for lunch.  The baked brie is to die for and is a definite must try.  My only critique of Grape Street is that the lighting is very dim at times.  I like a little mood lighting, but I'm not going for dining in the dark.  Overall, Grape Street is a solid choice, lunch or dinnner.
5	This place is amazing truly truly amazing. I bought a thing in groupon for this restaurant since it was going to be my gf and I anniversary and we were going to Vegas so why not. The deal consisted on 2 glasses of wine, 2 appetizers, and 2 entrees for 40 bucks so why the heck not. We got the tapas plate, backed brie, 2 glasses of moscato, a salad and a soup.  My gf got the chicken marsala and I got the Oscars Filet. The food was amazing and I extremely recommend it this place. If you are in Vegas give this place a chance the bill came for 120 and I only payed 20 bucks. The service was top notch and didnt yelled at me for breaking a lamp which by the way I am sorry about. Needless to say my gf and I will be coming to eat to this place if we are ever in vegas.
3	Food was good, service was slow even though it was a slow lunch. They have a good wine list. Will be back to try dinner service
3	My BF brought me here for my birthday dinner.  I had never been before but had always heard good things about it.  It was late in the evening on a Saturday and we didn't have reservations and even though the restaurant seemed full we had no problem being seated. This place is very cute and romantic.  Our server was great with suggestion on what wine to try with the pasta dishes we ordered.  I had the linguine with brie and chicken and my BF had the Vodka Penne with shrimp and chicken.  A complimentary desert for my birthday was a nice touch.  I love places like this that are in Strip malls but don't feel like it.   They would have gotten four stars but I was hugely disappointed when I went to have my leftover pasta for lunch and it was a salad dish I never ordered.
3	Grape Street Cafe is a nice little restaurant with wonderful ambience and a very friendly wait staff.  I went there with my husband early on a Saturday night.  We each ordered a wine flight, an appetizer, and I ordered a pasta dish.  I thought the wine selection for the flight was wonderful and the price was fair.  The appetizer was okay.  We ordered a cheese and fruit plate.  I thought the cheese selection was only fair.  My pasta was good but a bit bland.  Overall, I had a very pleasant experience.  It is a bit over priced but otherwise a fun option if you're looking to get away from a chain restaurant.I wish I could rate this as 3.5 stars.
5	This place is amazing. The food, the service, the atmosphere, the vibe, their Happy Hour, their Monday night wine specials......... Everything is awesome!So far I have tried and LOVE the baked brie (omg so good!), the seafood fradiavolo, the mussels and steamed clams. I can't wait to try more this weekend for my birthday!I love getting a bottle of bubbly when my gfs and I are there. We usually get a rose.We've had Rudy and Julio as our servers and they're both great and Carl the bartender is great too!
2	I gave it two stars because the service was good, but the overpriced and not even warm to the touch meat made my stomach shut down early and put a stopper on the rest of the experience with their food.I had to send the cooked but cold meat back and they heated it up so that it was basically overdone warm lamb.They have a good wine selection though if that is any consolation.
5	I love this place. It's easily one of my favorite restaurants in town.The ambiance is great - this is a beautiful restaurant. It's a very intimate setting and is a great spot for a romantic date night. But it still manages to maintain a simplistic charm. The food is absolutely delicious. I usually get the salmon, and recommend it wholeheartedly. The wine list is extensive and the service is wonderful. No complaints.
5	Great food great atmosphere very nice place for family or date night. Pasta with pink vodka sauce yummy..topas good  ceaser salad great. Very good will be back
4	A wonderful experience the food and wine were excellent keep up the good work.
5	I've been coming here since I was little.  I love that in the 10+ years I have been going to Grape Street nothing has really changed.  The decor is the same, the food and the great service.  I always make a point to have lunch here with my dad and uncle Joey when I'm in town.A few favorites:- the poached salmon platter- the baked brieThis is  a great place to grab a glass of wine and catch up with loved ones.  Their service has only gotten better with time.  I love how attentive they are.  This will always be one of my "locals" favorites.
4	Great wine selection! The food was yummy overall. The salted caramel gelato was amazing! Very nice atmosphere.
5	We had a party of 3 on a Friday night,  Yes, service was slow, no doubt from the kitchen.  That is the price you pay when things aren't pre made and they are cooking to order.  We had two of the specials, tuna and the short ribs.  I must say the short rib was  hands down the best I have ever had, came with sauteed spinach and a killer mushroom risotto.  Waiter suggested the ceaser salad and uber garlic and oh so tasty.
5	I absolutely LOVE this place!!! The food is amazing and the service is impeccable!!! I recommend the Olivia dish and as an appetizer order the Brie!!! I'm looking forward to going here for lunch this weekend!! I'm a loyal patron!!!!!!!!
1	Don't go here with a pre-arranged large group!  I am not the person to complain to restaurants about anything.. I normally just pay the bill an never come back if i'm unsatisfied. Our neighborhood club booked us for happy hour for approx. 30-40 people well in advance.  The person who arranged it for us told the restaurant that we would need separate checks and they agreed.  When we arrived, the server told us there would be one check per table but that we could each give him the credit card and he would figure it out. He claimed that that was policy, their computer couldn't figure out it per couple, and that our organizer was lying when they said the restaurant agreed to separate checks.  They didn't staff up for our large group and the poor waiter was extremely busy and dealing with too many tables.   He did not mention the table tip of 18% would be on the total before the happy hour discount.  There was no happy hour menu, nor was this gratutity published.  We have done other group happy hours and we know this is common practice (paying tip on the pre-discount price, and that would be fine.)... however other restaurants have figured out the bills for us.  The tip on the total would also be fine if he had taken the time to tell each couple what they owed as he had promised.  However he just gave us the bill and we had to figure it out.  The bill was incorrect in that it came in at the total price.  So he redid the bill.  This time it came back with the beer charged at an amount different from the main menu.  He agreed to take off $1 from the total but never did. A person in our group carefully computed each person's meal plus tax plus 18% tip.  The UNDISCOUNTED total for 8 people for happy hour came to $190 (we each had one appetizer and one drink....their prices are high on appetizers... for example a Caprese salad with 3 slices of tomato, 3 slices of mozzarella and a splash of basalmic vinegar was $13.)  Anyway we each paid in, and the total check showed we still owed $10.32.  We asked the waiter to figure it out, he refused.  We recomputed our bill and we said we were right and we wanted to leave.  He said he would call the police (can they call the police if you only leave 9% tip?)  Then he came back and said HE was the manager but he would "eat" the difference in the tip even though he felt it wasn't fair; which made us feel bad.  Then he went and got the real manager who recomputed the bill and said, yes we were right.  But before he came back we reluctantly paid the waiter/"false manager" the difference so we could leave.  Our group is from one of the largest neighborhoods in Summerlin.   I will say that this event is ultimately going to cost them a lot of business.  We are not "cheap skates", they only had to explain how to calculate the total.  And we would have done it that way... but we didn't know.  In fact, ultimately I was the one who figured out WHY there might be a difference.  The fact that they advertise "2for1" on drinks but don't say its "per person" and the fact that they don't explain the table tip, and nowhere is it in writing... and then had the nerve to say they would call the police on us for basically reducing the tip for their poor service...  UM, even me, mild mannered me, just couldn't put up with it.The shrimp and crab appetizer was good, the house wine was mediocre, and the caprese salad was not good (tomatoes were hard, cheese was hard).  The happy hours at other upscale restaurants in Summerlin have been far better (food wise) and less expensive and better staffed for large pre-arranged groups.
5	Love this place! I've been going to Grape Street for over 10 years now. The food is always yummy. The wine is always excellent. The service is always 1st class. I've always had a very positive dining experience at Grape Street.  Now, for items you must try: Baked Brie, Fried Calamari, Roasted Garlic Bulbs, Tapas Plate, House Salad (light onions), and finally... Bowtie Olivia. After a few of those items, I'm too stuffed for dessert.
1	We came to Grape Street Cafe about 6 years ago when we first moved here and last night was our first time back.  Must not have been terribly impressed the first time as it took this long to return.  I now know why.  Last night will be the very last time.  I called to see if reservations were accepted and was told only on parties of 6 or more.  No problem, as they said it wouldn't be a terribly long wait.  Apparently, the hostess does not know this as she informed us that there was a reservation for four on the books.  Must be for VIP's, perhaps. Not very professional as she is the first person you encounter on arrival. Told her we should have made the reservation for six and then "cancelled" two when arriving. She laughed and agreed!   That was the least of our worries at this point.  Sat at the bar and each had a glass of wine.  Bartender was ok.  Not exceptionally friendly. Were seated fairly quickly on the patio.  Nice table although the ambiance inside is better.  Paper menus were pretty tacky as well. Our server was less than professional.  Felt rushed the entire time.   Informed him that I had a few different offers to use (restaurant.com and Valpak).  Said he would figure out at the end which would be the most beneficial to us.  Realized, on the way home, that we did not receive either.  Had mussels for an appetizer and they were the worst we have ever had.  Obviously, we were not happy as we each ate one and left the rest.  Never asked, just took the plate away.  Had to tell him that they were awful and he said nothing.  3 out of the 4 dinners arrived and were told it was because he didn't have another "hand" for the 4th.  What???  So we figured it would come pretty quickly.  Not the case.  My husband waited approximately 10 minutes for his to arrive.  Ahi tuna, I might add.  Needed the least amount of time to prepare.  Our friends appetizer (caprese) was terrible as well.  She has better tomatoes from her garden.  Meals were just ok.  Was offered fresh pepper, but apparently, he gave us the amount he thought was appropriate as my friend had to ask if she could have a few more "turns".  We left disappointed and then angry when I realized we did not receive any of the discounts I brought with me.  I do, however, realize I take partial blame for not reminding him.  We also felt the staff was unprofessional and ,quite frankly, sloppy.  In appearance and attitude.  With so many wonderful restaurant  options to choose from in Las Vegas, I will not make the same mistake a third time.
2	It's amazing how one person can change your whole experience of a restaurant! My wife & I have been going to Grape St since shortly after it opened. Usually one of the most consistent places in town, not many menu changes, pretty consistent wine list. So we will be back, wanting to support the place. So I'm glad that our experience there on Wed 4/24/2013 was not the norm!!  The food was OK, but our server (Jason, I think) was quite inattentive & hard to "wave down"--it took the better part of 15 min just to get him back to order an additional item. He also seemed offended by our rebuff of his wine alternative suggestion when our first bottle proved unavailable & did not suggest the wine special (an Italian Pinot Noir) despite the first bottle being a Pinot Noir. His service otherwise was fine, including handling a Groupon.  Hopefully we will continue to enjoy the level of service & food quality that we've come to expect from one of our favorite, go-to places in town.
5	Oh My God!!!!!  That is just the 3 little words to explain mine, and my husband night out for dinner.  We had a groupon to try this place, (we try to buy groupons for places that we have not heard about, and want to try).  Everyone should know about this place!  There is not one bad thing I could say about this amazing hidden gem.  We had great service from  Tony who greeted us right away.  He was super friendly, and answered questions we had about their wine, their specials, and any other questions we had.  He asked if we wanted water, took our order, and came back to our table several times to see how we were doing, or if we wanted refills.  Amazing server!  We got our appetizers, Bree cheese platter, and we also ordered the crostinis, both were huge, and so tasty my mouth is watering just thinking about them.  For dinner I had the salmon, which came with ratatouille, and leek mash potatoes.  The sauce that came with my salmon was to die for.  My husband had braised short ribs, risotto, and spinach.  He said it was the best short rib he had ever tasted.  We both had a glass of wine too.  We will be back, it is too good not too!
3	My girlfriend had a Groupon for this place so we decided to use it on a weekend night.  They wouldn't take a reservation for parties less than 6 so we weren't able to do a reservation for the 4 of us.  We found some seats at the bar while we waited.  Had a glass of wine and 30 minutes later we were seated.  Ahhh finally.  For 20 minutes more we watched waiters and busboys all around us zooming past our table in all directions.  We had yet to be greeted.  Finally we made the decision to go somewhere else.  As we stood up and gathered our things we were approached by a waiter.  We explained that by this time it was well over 20 minutes we had not been recognized.  It was almost like we were in an invisible bubble. LOL -But it wasn't funny at the time.The waiter JASON begged us to stay assuring us that the rest of the experience would be great and he put his word on it.  He explained that there was some confusion with the tables and who had our table.  Low and behold he stuck to his word.  The people assisting him were completely attentive and so was he and we were back in our "have a nice dinner mode".  He saved the day!!!  Jason was totally consistent going forward and was a pretty cool guy to talk to.  We were hoping we could buy him a drink after to thank him for the supreme service.  Thanks Jason!The bread was amazing-totally freshly made.  The BF and I both ordered steaks (on special) and they were fantastic.  They came with mashed potatoes and gravy.  I don't remember what the others ordered because we were so in focus with our own meals.  We also had salad with our meals.A bottle of wine and no desserts our bill was $300! WITH the Groupon.  Just a little pricey for a double date.  BUT I highly recommend this place to take a one on one date though or a very special occasion.  The ambiance is chill and romantic with the little white lights as a special touch everywhere and they have outdoor seating as well.  They do not serve mixed drinks which a little bummer but their focus obviously is the wine menu.  I definitely would recommend Grape Street.  I do suggest that you should be able to make reservations regardless of the # of party and mixed drinks would be awesome. =)  Ask for Jason - he will for sure take care of you!
4	The food at grape street is absolutely amazing. I have brought friends from all over the world to this cafe and they are all super impressed. Recently, the service has been really bad, though. We have been cashing in on their coupon deals and the sever, once they know we have a coupon, becomes extremely rude!! We still tip on the full amount of he bill, but the attitudes are out of hand. If you feel that way, don't give a coupon!
3	Food was good. Service was terrible. Our party of 6 had to ask for things multiple times, from several waiters. When he came to drop off the check, he asked if he could get us anything else. I asked for more water. He dropped off the check and never came back. The whole table, including myself, laughed in just disbelief.
1	I was shocked to see the relatively decent reviews on Yelp as I had a pretty awful experience here. While I don't actually know you, I respect you as my fellow Yelper and will not bore you with the details. Nor will I discourage you from trying Grape Street for yourself. However, I will never consider coming back. 'Nough said.
4	another awesome spot for lunch.the salmon ceaser salad with pineapple is probably some of the best fishi've had in vegas.they have all the other italian standards along with some really new and excitingdishes.eggplant parm sandwich was also very goodhighly recommend this place
3	If you are looking for a non-inventive take on Mediterranean/American fare, Grape Street is for you! The food has quality ingredients, but there is not a whole lot going on here. Everything is rather standard. Not to say that it is bad, the food is decent enough, it is just plain jane. The wine list is solid, the atmosphere is pleasant, the service varies greatly in consistency, and the pricing is fair.
4	The baked brie is the only item you will ever need in your life. This is is there specialty dish and it definitely is the star. Grape Street starts by taking a wheel of cheese placing it in phyllo dough with caramelized onions and apricot preserve before folding it up and baking it. Served with pears, green apples, grapes and crostini makes for the perfect dish. I would skip everything else and just eat this with a nice glass of reisling. I would talk about the other appetizer and entrees we got, but they don't even matter. Alright, I might as well go over them briefly. The crab stuffed shrimp tasted more like bread crumb stuffed shrimp bites. The blacken salmon on top of the Caesar and Greek salad where delicious. They were cooked pass what I would like, but the flavor was good. The Greek salad was nothing special.The service was good. It was attentive without being intrusive.
1	so much for one of our regular vegas restaurant stops - GRAPE STREET _ using both unmarked bathrooms, i continually made the manager aware that they both were filthy (with specifics )  ...... the chef came to our  table to tell me that their bathrooms were ALWAYS clean ( we were both destined to be displeased with our conversation ) ... he said they had picked up the papers on the floors, ... but i mentioned that cleaning a bathroom was more than JUST emptying a waste basket ... i'm so easy going but these were disgusting ...... all i could think about was what's going on in their kitchen or or OR ... YUCK !!!
5	I have been coming to this restaurant for at least 14 years maybe longer and have never reviewed.  It is time.  This last time was with a friend for a belated birthday dinner.  We had a 50 dollar coupon from restaurant.com.  So we were definitely splurging.  Started with a salad on the specials list, a dungeness salad with greens and mango salsa, we had them divide the plate between us.  Delicious!!!!  We had a a lovely Cava with the meal.  Sooo good!  Dinner came with a soup or salad, we went soup since we had our salad already.  Chicken curry, with lentils OMG the aroma alone was amazing.  Difficult to not eat it all, but if I had I never would have finished dinner.  We each ordered a fish special.  Me the seared ahi, my friend an Alaskan halibut.  The halibut was blackened with a spicy mango chutney.  Ahi, seared with a soy ginger sauce, and a wasabi cream sauce.  We each ate half and then switched.  We both loved, both dishes.  Dessert was the fondue with fruit.  YUMMMO!!  Fabulous meal, great service...  but a loser next to us who kept screaming at the waiter across the restaurant.  The restaurant can't control it's patrons, but my goodness I was embarrassed for him and his entire table.  Had to have screamed at the waitier and literally waved him down (arms flailing above his head) at least 10 times.......  Grrrr!!!!
5	The restaurant is tucked behind some other buildings, but it's basically the southeast corner of Lake Mead and Buffalo.It was not horribly busy when we showed up on a Friday night around 6:15p but it got busy fairly quickly.  They only take reservations for parties of 6 or more.It was pretty noisy, but I attribute that to people enjoying their dinner companions.  :)First of all, like some of the other reviews said, try the baked brie!  It's awesome.  I had linguine and clams in white sauce and the hubs had one of the specials; braised ribs I think.  Lots of clams on the pasta, the sauce was good.  The braised rib roast was really good though, highly recommend.  We've been looking for a good Italian eatery and were very glad we tried Grape Street!Can't wait to go back and try something else on the menu!
3	3 stars for the half price wine on Mondays. Woo Hoo how can you go wrong with that? You can also bring your own wine and pay a corking fee.I came here with a group of people. We ordered the Tuna Carpaccio and Baked Brie for our Apps. The Tuna was great and I thought the Brie was just okay. Most people ordered steaks and lamb for their entrees, I ordered the Olivia pasta. It was very good and everyone else seemed to enjoy theirs as wellApple pie tart for dessert was good. But the wine was just awesome. Overall the meal was just okay. I would def. give this place another try. I am just surprised at how amazing people think this place is.
5	Great food... Great service
3	My hubsicle and I went to Grape Street for the first time earlier this week.  Ambiance was great; service was good.  Food was okay. We went during happy hour and had 4 appetizers: baked brie, mussels, shrimp with crab, and calamari.  Baked brie was by far the best, although it was a bit too sweet and the apricot preserves overpowered any taste of nuts or caramelized onions.  My husband commented that the mussels (7 for $14) lacked freshness and were a bit tough (as though they had been overbaked in the oven). The shrimp (7 for $14) was okay but a bit misleading: should have been called shrimp with bread crumbs rather than shrimp with crab (we couldn't taste the crab at all). Calamari was good/average (I've had better, but I've also had worse).  My husband loved it; I thought the coating could have been crispier.  The best part of the calamari was the Rhode Island sauce (jalepenos/peppercini peppers). Summary: ambiance great, wine list good, but food average; would recommend going only for happy hour or with a Groupon.
3	Ambient lighting is great but not when you cant see your hand in front of your face let alone the menu. I also think it is inexcusable to be out of ice in June because your ice machine is broken. Go across the street to the gas station and get some ice, geez. These two things pretty much set the tone for my dining experience. First impressions can be turned around with some good eats but unfortunately Grape Street couldn't turn my frown upside down...Service: 3 - just ok - wait times were not impressive, server was disingenuous Food: 3 - just ok - the brie appetizer was pretty goodAmbience: 3 - gets an extra point due to the patio seatingValue: 2 - overpricedWith all of the great options in town, I can surely say I will not be back to this place.
4	Stuffed crab shrimp is fantastic. Enjoying a plate of clam linguini. Very good!
1	If I could give ZERO stars, I would. We made reservations for a large group of 18. Our patronage was OBVIOUSLY inconvenient. The hostess & waiter were RUDE and INCONVENIENCED by us. We go out on a monthly basis & there are a lot of restaurants in LV we can and do visit. We will NOT be back here.
4	Restaurant Week Meal #5 (Lunch for $30.13):You don't really get much of an option. One appetizer, one entree and one dessert. The dinner RW menu is more interesting with the pulled pork and foie gras appetizer.I love Grape Street's regular menu items but since lunch was free and it's for a good cause, I went ahead with the RW menu. This is my second year in a row to do so and I've been sick both times so my enjoyment of food wasn't the same.Beet Salad:Comes with Mint Pesto And Goat Cheese.  I'm not crazy over beets but ate a little bit of it because I don't have a choice. I ate more goat cheese than beets. 3/5Sliders:Beef tenderloin slider with Cabernet cause and fried onions and a dungeness crab slider. Both sliders were tasty and I like the fact there was somewhat of a variety on their very limited RW menu. 4/5Sea Salt Caramel Gelato:Salty and sweet. Great consistency. 4/5Never had a problem with servers here.  I'll be back for chocolate cheese mousse. Yum!
1	Wow, from beginning to end my experience here was lackluster at best.  First, we walked in and waited, as the sign said "wait to be seated".  After several minutes the person working the bar told us to seat ourselves.  Here we waited again for service.  The initial approach was "just two?"  At which point the server removed the remaining utensils.  Then same guy comes back and asks "water"?  A bit after getting water it was "here's your bread".  Thinking this guy was the busser, I was waiting for someone to redeem the situation, but the same guy came back to take our order.  There was never a greeting, telling us his name . . . They did seem understaffed for a seemingly busy Friday lunch.  We were sitting near the server station, so we overheard a lot of "this table wants their check" or "can you check on this table"?  Food finally comes and it was ok.  I had the eggplant parm sandwich and it took several bites to get to any flavor of the hot peppers, as if no one bothered to stir the sauce.  I always think that the bread makes the sandwich and the bread for this sandwich was great, too bad the rest didn't live up to expectations.Of course we had to wait again for our check and final insult there was that an 18% gratuity was already added!  I have never encountered such a thing for two people.  It's no wonder the service is poor if they are guaranteed a decent tip on all their tables!  When the server brought back my card, he just plopped it on the table, without even a "thank you for coming".  This place is often on Groupon and I would suggest to anyone - do not buy it, its not an experience worth having.
4	My wife and I went to Grape Street last night and here are my thoughts. In regards to the atmosphere and ambiance, the restaurant does a very good job.  The place feels intimate, however, it was a bit in the noisy side. The service was excellent.  The waiter that served us was friendly and attentive without being a nuisance.The food was very, very good.  We had the crab cakes and tomato basil soup as appetizers.  My wife ate the seafood fradiavolo, while I had a dinner special, short ribs with risotto.  Mine was fantastic, although if I'm being honest I think a larger serving was warranted for the price. My wife loved her seafood dish.Overall we would recommend Grape Street to anyone and plan on going back again soon.
1	I would not tell anyone to go to grape street,at 4:30 ,it is full of loud drunks including the owner who. Could care less about customer service !!!food is not good either!!!Would have gave zero but we have to push one.
5	My favorite place!  Food is amazing, great prices, friendly staff!  Love coming here!
4	This was a nice experience - the ambience nice, with the brick walls. The food very homemade tasting.
1	Our recent visit to Grape Street was atrocious. Everyone from our server to the owner was unprofessional and unaccommodatig. Over the years we've gone there many times with success. This time all the wrong things happened. Our soup was cold, entrees took over an hour. We complained to the manager and nothing was done. We had finished our bottle of wine before our meals  got to the table and we decided in disgust to cancel our them. The waiter said for the upteenth time they were almost ready but we declined and asked for the check. Lo and behold the owner/chef showed up telling us a familiar line that our entrees were almost ready. We said thanks but no thanks and at the time were not hungry from our experience. He insisted to box our entrees for us for the trouble thinking it was a nice gesture and we obliged. The waiter then shows up with the check and the full price of everything including those entrees. Really? We will never set foot in this establishment again. When something goes wrong it should not escalate to a plethera of mistakes. The thrill is gone for us.
5	For all of you with kids - remember the scene from ratatouille where Anton Ego has the meal of his life? All I have to say is boneless short ribs.  I was speechless. Great job John.
4	Reading through a lot of reviews - I've been surprised at how people have rated this place. This is the first place my boyfriend took me out on a date to and we've come here on a quarterly basis if not more for the last 2-3 years. People say it's too dark...they have lights at every table - it's supposed to be a more chill mood to eat in, and you can see the menus.The only reason I did not give the place 5 stars is because of the service. We've always had good to great service here. I've never had horrendous service in all of the times that I've been here. The only problem I see is that they seem understaffed by 1-2 people. This place gets insanely busy on most evenings and especially on the weekends. The waiters seem to be a bit overwhelmed at times, but never rude. Another thing - people complain it's overpriced. First of all, they have half off wine on Mondays. That's a rarity. And think of all of the other places you drink wine or beer at. Everywhere is over priced for alcohol. They have to, in order to make money. This place does not do anything in the price difference compared to other $$ cost restaurants in town. With the food - come on, guys. It is not overpriced. It is a higher quality than you're going to find walking in any chain restaurant. If you want cheaper prices, go stroll down the street until you find yourself in an Applebees. They offer fresh fish. Not fried fish sticks. The top dishes I recommend - Anything with Halibut or seabass. Most of the times I come here, I get fish - and I'm not a fish lover. But they always have the best sauces that compliment the fish so well. The filet oscar - each time we've had it, it's cooked perfectly to our request, topped with crab and it's served with asparagus and mashed potatoes. It's very flavorful and very tender. The pork chops. I love them here. I'm always scared to get them at restaurants. They never seem to taste right and it's always with weird sauces. The pork chops here are thick, juicy and they have a great sweet wine sauce served on top. I love that they always have a good amount of specials on the board too.I'm pretty sure there isn't anything here that I haven't enjoyed. I've had so much, but there is a reason why we keep going back. AND there is a reason why this place is always busy - IT'S GOOD AND PEOPLE ARE WILLING TO PAY ABOVE AVERAGE FOR ABOVE AVERAGE FOOD. ;)Don't let these bad reviews scare you away - try it for yourself.
1	Terrible! All of the reviews about the poor service were absolutely correct. We went on a Saturday for lunch and there were only a few tables in the restaurant and he appeared as though he was very busy. My mother and I were treated poorly. The server was short with us, had no personality and was not very helpful for this being my first time. The food was below par, the only good thing about it was the free basket if bread that is served with each meal. We had to go inside to get our check because our server was at the bar playing with his phone and talking to a girl. Definitely will not go back!
4	I love the atmosphere, especially for dinner.  If you like garlic, I would highly encourage you to try the roasted garlic clove.  It spreads like buttter!  The service is great.  Our waiter was very attentive and very professional.  It is a repeat for me!
1	Used to LOVE this place.. Came 2x and went back for a 3rd and there was a bug in my wine! So upset and disgusted! Seriously.. its so dark in there, i almost swallowed it! I mentioned it to the waiter and he completely dismissed me and did even want to take it off my bill! Really? Come on it was like 5 bucks! He was just so rude about the entire thing. The manager was no better either ugh! So disappointed at the way they handled the situation! Definately would not be returning EVER!
5	Great atmosphere, great food and Julio is superb!!  We went with a groupon and had a great dinner! Very cost friendly and a beautiful ambience lends itself to a perfect evening. The baked Brie is divine, and the tapas was delish. The eggplant platter is the best in Vegas! The wine list serves up a great menu to choose from, quite extensive ! Enjoy and say hi to Julio, a most efficient waiter with a gracious personality. For a cost effective, delicious evening, visit Grape Street. By the way, the service was impeccable! Thank u  for a Delish evening. Jeannie NYC
5	AGAIN, another delicious dinner at Grape Street!!  The warm, festive atmosphere was so inviting.  The specials were gourmet for sure, especially the pork chops!  After another serving of baked brie, truly delicious and presented so beautifully, we enjoyed two outstanding entrees.  Chicken Gorgonzola Pasta - absolute perfection and the signature veal parmesan platter, were a diner's delight.  Again, our server - Julio- was outstanding!  He is one of the most professional servers we have ever met, while also blending in his sparkling personality and charm, bravo!  He takes the dining experience to a new level. The wine, Ballistic, was the perfect combo with our dinner.  This restaurant had two parties going on at this same time, and everyone had their quiet space- not one interfered with any other. Also, a great bar area crowd, not loud at all.  Not to mention, the outside dinner party, complete with a band and heaters ( in an enclosed area), made the atmosphere truly a festive blend for all involved. They are also hosting a New Year's Eve entertainment presentation and 1/2 off bottles of delish wine with dinner, from 9:30 - Bravo Grape Street, c u again soon!
3	We haven't been to Grape Street in quite a while, but returned last night for a friend's milestone birthday party. (We have no idea which one, because his wife is paranoiacally phobic about anyone finding out her age).  Despite the chilly temperature, the party was held in the patio in front of the restaurant.  There are heaters, portable and permanent, but the portable heaters kept going out when the propane ran out.  And the space is not fully enclosed.  And since our seats were at the end of the U-shaped table; I had to wear my winter coat throughout the meal, but my hands and feet stayed frozen, and my discomfort certainly didn't lend itself to me writing a rave review.We had a set menu, but aside from the tapas plate, which was pre-chosen, we had our choice of soups or salads and about six entree choices.  The host provided Sangria, soda and iced tea.  The tapas plate had some kind of taquillo, some eggplant, pita triangles, baked brie, and a dish of tzatziki sauce in the center of the plate.  Only the brie stood out.  It was delicious, despite being ice cold and nearly gone by the time it got to me.  The rest was okay, but forgettable.Hubby and I both had the Basil-Tomato Soup, which was too creamy for my taste.  It seemed too much like Campbell's Cream of Tomato, with chunks of canned tomatoes added along with a sprinkling of fresh basil, to make it seem homemade.  Maybe it was, and my husband, who has a decidedly less-discerning palate, liked it just fine, but I wasn't blown away by it.For the entree, I ordered the Penne in Vodka sauce, with chicken.  Again, a very heavy and overly-salted sauce over nicely cooked pasta.  The sauce suspiciously tasted just like the tomato soup.  What saved it was that it turned out to be spicy.  The chicken, though, was unbearably dry and tough.  My husband also had penne, but with a gorgonzola sauce, even heavier and saltier than mine, that drowned the pasta.  He thought it was okay but, again, nothing special.While our meals were passable, they weren't great enough to justify the slightly elevated prices, and we're not running back anytime soon.
5	Took my wife here for Dinner as we have not been here in over 3 years so I was happy to see that Grape Street is still in business. Still same great food, wine and service.
4	Great food, amazing happy hour!  Half off bottles of wine on Monday nights is really great too, and their happy hour is T-F which is great.  Definitely a favorite of my wife and I, and we go here so often we have become regulars.  Dan is great!
2	The reviews about the poor service are indeed true. The Chef and Host greeted my family and I, and were both quite pleasant and accommodating. The server, however, was not. I'm not positive, but I believe his name was Christian (he was full of tattoos on his arms and had a little facial gruff). The gent had zero personality and was totally arrogant. What was even stranger, was that he acted like we were annoying him by just being there. It was very bizarre.We promptly let the server know that we had a Groupon that had recently expired and he told us that it would only be worth the value of its' purchase. Although I have had friends who had servers that let them use their expired Groupons at GS, I was fine with the fact that I could only use it at face value. It is my suspicion that it was the presentation of the Groupon that brought on the crummy attitude. Although using a Groupon, we are not cheap Applebee's customers, but rather returning customers looking for a slight discount. I dunno. Never-the-less, the guy was a rude and pretentious.The wine selection is amazing and regardless of the cold shoulder, we at least expected a delicious meal. The portabella sandwich and veggie platter were over-priced, yet very tasty and did not disappoint. The chopped house salad  (lettuce, red onion, tomato, apple & blue cheese crumbles) was another story. I have had it many times before and always enjoyed it. This time it was completely tasteless and waterlogged. There were a few little crumbles of blue cheese that I had to search for and for $10 it was a big thumbs-down.With the many restaurants Vegas has to offer, GS needs to reconnect with their patrons.
4	This place is awesome, the Brie is fantastic. I ordered the eggplant parm and it was the best I have ever had. I also got to try a few other dishes and they are awesome as well. The staff were friendly and helpful. This inside gives you a east coast feel.... love this place. Can't wait to come back
5	Great food, great service
4	Love this place. Food is great and service is too, most of the time. Feedback for the restaurant- spend a little time with your FOH staff and find what is and what is not working. Your food is awesome, most of your negative reviews are about service. Chef John is super personable- keep that up :)
4	Outdoor patio is enclosed but they allow pets, which is awesome! Our dog sits in one of the chairs and the wait staff has no issue at all. They've even offered to bring over a water bowl for our little guy.The food here is great and we've used the Groupon coupon more than once and the service doesn't suffer at all.
2	Over priced. Understaffed. Slow service. Poor presentation of food. After waitress (who was very nice) dropped off food didnt see her again til it was time to pay. Wont be going back.
5	Absolutely AMAZING. Favorite restaurant in the city. Easily.
4	One of our favorite restaurants West of the strip.  Great food, service, and ambiance.  Tad pricy but highly recommended.
4	First time for us. The wait was decent for a Friday night. The menu is easy to read the wines are priced well. We had the shrimp stuff with crab, chopped salad, chicken pram and Mr. C's burger. Now I am not professional baker but the burger stated it was served on a kaiser roll & and when it came out it was served on a French or bolillo roll - just saying you shouldn't state a specific roll - we expected a round burger on a round roll not a oval shaped burger on a French roll. We will be back :-)
3	Good wine specials on Mondays.  I enjoyed the pasta.  Good variety.  Service a bit slow.  Good for a date night or an afternoon with friends.
1	This was by far the worst meal I have had in Las Vegas. The "Chef" should be embarrassed by the quality, or lack there of, in regards to his product. We ordered the shrimp with stuffed crab and it was so terrible that we didn't even eat it. There was no crab and a ton of bread crumbs on top soaked in butter. Disgusting!We tried the baked Brie which was also surprising gross... How do you mess up baked Brie?! I know, add a million pounds of jam on it and think it was pass.As entrees we ordered the manicotti and Gorgonzola chicken pasta. My boyfriend eats anything and everything and even he refused this places microwaved meals. My "Gorgonzola" sauce tasted like Alfredo and nothing more with frozen chicken and peppers.Ordered bread pudding and our ice cream came out with freezer burn! The bread pudding was obviously a frozen product as well...This place was TERRIBLE! I wouldn't waste a penny here ever again.Oh almost forgot, the owners wife came in with the kids and put the baby in a diaper on the bar counter! Seriously people!
4	Thanks to my friend Caroline for recommending this one. I knew the minute we walked in the door that it was pay dirt. Yes, occasionally Vegas has a good one. It's not often but it's there if you look hard enough. The one thing that's going to prevent 5 stars though is this place is incredibly over priced.On entry this venue screams Italian. I love the decor with the lattice backed chairs and the brick walls. Service was great and the staff friendly.We started with wine. For me a nice Pinot Noir that I enjoyed immensely. It was a very generous serving as I recall. It seemed way more than just the standard 5 ounce pour and as I sipped it throughout, allowing every drop to roll over my tongue, that single glass lasted for the entire meal, start to finish.We started with the Baked Brie because I was told it was just a little slice of heaven and she wasn't wrong. Pastry pouch filled with brie, toasted hazelnuts, caramelized onions & apricot Preserves. Oh that pastry pouch. it was a filo dough that was the perfect vehicle for such a delectable appetizer.For my main dish I knew it was going to be the Greek salad: Greek field greens topped with roasted eggplant, roasted red peppers, kalamata olives, feta cheese, red onions & cucumbers with a lemon oregano dressing. It paired well with the wine and it was delicious with a perfect dressing that was not overpowering.When you stumble onto something like this. Something you never knew was there, it's a nice little bonus. I don't know how I ever missed this one in all the time I lived there. It must have been before the days of Yelp.Lunch is quiet but one reviewer said dinner with a live DJ, can be very loud. I would try dinner once but if they crossed that noise line, well, that would pretty much do it in for me. I'm not looking for a lot of noise in a wine bar unless it's live music with lots of action and it being the reason I'm going there in the first place.
1	Disappointing. Food was mediocre and the waiter knew nothing about the wines. They left my wine at the table while I was in the restroom. The interior needs some serious updating as well.I might try again but was sorely disappointed in the food and service.
4	Very intimate and relaxed setting for dinner for two. They have excellent selections of wine and the food was very delicious.
5	Appetizers are awesome! i would come back just for the Brie! My date used the groupon, and i wish it wasn't so expensive. I would totally make this place a weekly visit if i lived closer!
5	Great wines by the glass and a wide selection of great food on a changing menu.  Service is excellent and ambience is Napa-style.  Love the pasta dishes, salmon, salads, appetizers, soups and entree specials.  The Bar rocks too w/wine samplers and people watching.
5	I've been here numerous times. The food, wine and service are phenomenal. I'm thinking the negative reviews were an anomaly of some sort with their visit. The cream of mushroom soup is as close to taste bud heaven as I've ever come....it is a soup of the day...so my only negative is that they don't make it daily!
4	This place is not what it looks like from the outside. When you walk in you immediately feel like you are invited in to have a romantic date even if you didn't plan on it!  We just moved to the area and were craving Italian food, so we did some yelping and were immediately drawn in because of the half off bottles of wine on Mondays! Our server Chris was very professional and informative, he took great care of us. Also the food runners and hostess were very friendly! We ordered the pork chop special and the gorgonzola chicken pasta, had two bottles of wine and two great desserts; the fried bananas with raspberry caramel and a rich chocolate cake with strawberries. Everything was great! We love finding these little hidden gems that Vegas has to offer. As two people in the service industry we really know a good place when we find one! We will definitely be back to taste more of what they have to offer and will definitely recommend it to our friends!!!!
5	Great service, crab salad is the best but above all dog friendly patio that is covered so our family & friends don't burn.
4	I love this place and have been going here for years it's perfect for an intimate date night or even a friends night out.First thing you should know about this gem is that Monday night is 1/2 off bottle wine night and the second thing you should know is that the food is delicious! When you walk in you'll notice a private dining room to the left, the patio to the right and a sweet dimly light dining room with a cool little wine bar right in the middle. Towards the back you'll notice the neatly stored wine. It's pretty quiet and takes you away from the traditional Las Vegas dining scene.As far as the food is concerned, you have a nice variety of choices for the vino! Pasta, salads, flatbreads, sandwiches. My favorite thing to grab is the steak salad (sub romaine) it's crisp, flavorful, and very satisfying. Now this is a wine bar so there is no doubt about the selection! They have wine by the glass or the bottle. Not a wine fan? No worries! They have a small yet fabulous beer selection as well.The service (minus one experience) is up to par. They are very hospitable and knowledgable! Whether you choose to sit at the bar or at a table it's all the same  If you are looking for a new spot, give this place a try! It will probably be a new favorite. Bon appetite!
3	Unfortunately I would just say this place is average. First of all their menu hasn't changed in I don't know how long but I remember getting the same thing over and over again. They have an interesting pasta that has brie and Walnuts.   I don't eat walnuts so I asked if they could leave them out. Which one would think would be a very simple thing to do. But they gave me some song and dance about how they couldn't leave the walnuts out which to me means their food is premade and I don't like that.  So instead I get a bowtie pasta with just vegetables but I swear I think they just use canned olives in it.  Now they serve you warm bread and butter which is an excellent way to start a meal and a decent wine list and pasta is pasta and it's always a yummy thing to eat however it's just done average here.
5	Love this place! Good food. Good wine and a lovely patio! I will be back! I got the pino Grigio flight and the fruit and cheese platter. Wonderful experience.
4	The customer service was wonderful, and the owner is also very interactive with the customers, and very nice as well. The food is very tasty, and the happy hour wine is even better. I would definitely go here for lunch and maybe even a date. LOL The setting is beautiful. This is going to be my new Go To!!
4	Found this place on Groupon and it was fantastic! The outdoor seating wasn't that nice as it looks into the parking lot of the shopping center, BUT the food & wine were great ! We will be back again.
1	This place sucked.The chef was standing around in the middle of the dining room coughing into his hands, scratching his nose and wearing a dirty apron. Gross. All this while watching his wait staff run arounds without a thought of running some food or helping them get out of the weeds. He was just texting on his phone or drinking a beer at the bar. Really unprofessional and disrespectful towards his staff.Now for the ambiance- the place was cute but for some reason the lights were placed behind the fans making a strobe light effect on all the tables. If this doesn't give you an epileptic seizure it will definitely give you a minor headache.All this could have been overlooked if the food was good. But it wasn't. Quite the opposite actually. The bread sent to the table was stale and frankly would not have been good even if it was fresh. $40 for some dinky frozen shrimp with soggy breadcrumbs and an undressed salad with dry chicken was unimpressive.I've been in the business a long time, we go out to eat very often and I am definitely never coming back here again.
4	My friend's mom lives in Las Vegas (I am in LA) so we went to meet her for dinner while we were there visiting.  This place was great.  Good ambiance, good service and the food was delicious.  We ordered the caprese and the crostini to start.  The crostini was a little tough to eat but pretty good.  The caprese was great.  Then we shared the Cheese Ravioli and the Halibut.  This was by far my favorite.  It was great, I had to ask them what was in the sauce (turns out its sherry).  The Halibut was a little dry but overall good.  I would go back here in a heartbeat!
4	Very nice dinner with the Mrs.  Arrived on a week night at little early so there were a lot of empty tables.  Decor simulates an outdoor cafe at night.  I really liked it.  Server, Brittany, was knowledgable and attended us well without being overbearing.PROS:  Very good service.  Tuna carpaccio app was really surprisingly good despite the fact that I don't like capers.  Mrs and I both had halibut, mine stuffed, her's grilled.  Cooked nicely but a touch on the dry side, sauce was really nice.  Leek potatos were good and seasoned well.  Ratatouille side was a touch on the cool side.  Banana egg roll dessert was fantastic!  Meal was well paced.CONS:  Bread was a touch stale and hard to chew.  Chocolate molten cake dessert was basically a dry brownie with ice cream.  I found the prices a bit on the high side for what we got.Overall a good meal and we will be returning as we live close by.  We didn't have any wine but the selection looked good.
4	I love this place. I've been looking for a good place to have some food and wine while I write, and this is it. The staff is the perfect amount of helpful and let-me-do-my-thing. I love the tapas plate and a glass of chenin blanc.
5	This food is so good! I had some kind of chicken penne..perfection! The staff was nice! Such a cute restaurant,  very clean and modern. They have great deals on wine..which is also tasty! You can't go wrong coming here! Highly recommend :)
5	Tomato bisque - very tasty, not too salty. Perfect with the breadChicken MarsalaSeafood fra vialdo diavolTapas platter- goat cheese stics, olives, meatballs, roasted garlic, bruschetta
2	A triumph of style over substance. Walking in the place had a positive vibe, much better than it's strip mall (albeit upscalish strip mall) location. We'd perused the menu before going and it looked good. My wife ordered crab stuffed shrimp and the house chopped salad. I ordered the Italian cold cut sandwich. A basket of bread, very good bread, arrived quickly. The waiter ordered the wrong chopped salad so I won't comment on that (hey mistakes are human). The crap stuffed shrip was tasty but small. This is the menu description: "Crab Stuffed Shrimp baked with a seasoned king crab stuffing & served scampi style." It's kind of hard to stuff a rather small shrimp and although there was a fair bit of stuffing I didn't see much crab.My Italian sandwich was a little thin on the cold cuts. This is the description: "Italian Cold Cut cappiccola, genoa salami, ham, imported provolone, topped with hot peppers, marinated onions & tomatoes." I'm pretty sure I saw three slices of meat but maybe there was more. The biggest problem was the over abundance of balsamic vinegar that overpowered everything else. Frankly I've had a better Italian cold cut sandwich at Capriotti's. Too bad because it looked like a place one could linger over a meal with your partner and some decent wine.
4	I bought a Groupon for Wine and cheese for two and when we walked in I was pleasantly surprised. I would have never stopped in if it hadn't been for the Groupon we had. It had  Wonderful atmosphere!  We went for lunch on a Sunday and had our 18 month old but I would love to go back in the evening for a date night! The wine was good and food was good. We had Pizza. To be honest I didn't LOVE the pizza but it was ok. Next time I want to try a pasta dish. Overall, food was good, service was great and I would go back.
2	Went with friends tonight that had gift certificate and all I can say is that I am happy I did not have to pay for this meal. It was disappointing. The appetizer (Tapas) was average to not so great and the Greek salad was not a Greek salad yet rather a spinach like concoction laden with oil. Will not be going back as poor quality for me and have way better choices in Vegas.
5	This has been my favorite place for over 10 years. Food is consistently great. Some of the wait staff isn't the greatest. Ask for Greg, he's awsome. Great wine list. Try the wine flights and they are happy to mix them up.  We use discounts and groupon with no problem. Try the salmon and ratatouille or burrata plate. The only thing that we've had that wasn't spectacular was ahi tuna, good but not great. Everything else is yum, yum!
3	The wine selection is very good and the wine flights are a good pour for the value. The fruit and cheese plate leaves a lot to be desired, it was simply four thin slices of un named cheese with an abundance of bread slices and crackers and some unevenly matched fruit slices. The calamari was decent but a small portion. Their bread they give you when you are seated is wonderful. The restaurant was dark and cluttered and the large cast iron chairs were hard to manage. Also, listening to a female waitstaff talk about her tips behind the wine and faux brick wall area when you still have customers in the restaurant is so tacky.  All in all I would stop off for a wine flight and the bread but not much else.
3	Came here because I am the Groupon queen to test out their wine flight and tapas plate for two. I ordered the interesting wine flight but I wish I had tried the international wine flight. The tapas plate had meatballs, goat cheese cigars, eggplant, kalamata olives, satziki sauce, and bread. The meatballs were in a hearty and spicy sauce which we really enjoyed. The satziki sauce was loaded with dill and I really liked it. Service was quick and friendly. The hostesses were very rarely at their station and when a senile and possibly homeless lady wandered in, she was able to roam around freely, muttering to herself  in the restaurant which I found alarming. I also found it that the menu was just a tad overpriced for the location (in a strip mall) and for what you are getting.
5	Tonight was my first dining experience at Grape Street.  I was so impressed with the excellent service and food!  There were 5 people in our party and everything we ordered was absolutely delicious!!!   Our server was top notch and very helpful in ordering...from our wine to our entrees.  I can't wait to go back.  I think I have a new favorite restaurant!!!
5	Excellent food, husband got the seafood pasta, I got the Greek salad with salmon. The wine was fantastic. We shared calamari and the marinara was insane. We used a groupon, left full, enjoyed the atmosphere. Julio was our server and he was perfect.
3	I enjoyed a nice manicotti dinner here tonight. We had a group of 12 and I believe everyone enjoyed dinner. Some nice specials were offered. Prices were reasonable.
3	I have eaten here at least 4 times now for lunch with a friend who really likes this place. Every time the food has been good but the service is always very slow. Expect to spend at least an hour for lunch. The longest wait has always been for the check. The food is good, but not outstanding. If it was I wouldn't mind the wait. They do have a nice romantic ambiance, which would be good for a date night with plenty of time to chat while waiting.
1	This place has gone down hill with quality and service while the prices have gone up. Staff not friendly, downright rude. Manager/chef equally mean. We would not walk across the (grape) street to eat at this big disappointment . Save your money and aggravation . Olive Garden would be an improvement.....
5	I feel lucky to have this place in my neighborhood and so close to where I live. They have great food, a nice casual atmosphere and half off bottles of wine on Mondays. I love this place. I have never received less than excellent service at Grape Street. There is a reason it has been open so long. This is definitely my favorite casual dinner spot in town.
4	Nice Sunday afternoon meal with friends.  Ordered their lunch of Jumbo Manicotti and it was very good.  Our server was efficient and courteous as well as ready to help us without any long waits.  I didn't observe any of the negative things some of the other people might have reported in other reviews of Grape Street.  My 2 other friends both enjoyed their meals and complimented the quality.  All 3 of us ordered a glass of wine too and it was great!  The design is brick walls with industrial style ceilings and has a nice vibe to it.  I have a bit of hearing loss and I did find the acoustics of the location to be difficult for me to hear well in there.  I personally like Grape Street and will return for future visits.
4	Always wonderful.  Great food and good service.  It's a shame that the patio is in a parking lot but that is my only compliant.
4	The food at Grape Street is incredible. My mom and I are both recently eating Gluten free and have found it to be a bit easier than we imagined. Mike was friendly and helpful when it came to ordering. We missed out on the "stuffed crab", but the shrimp in the garlic, lemon and caper sauce was fantastic. Excellent wine selection. Would have liked it if the chef came around to greet diners. Our server Mike, sounded just like Matthew McConaughey if you're a fan -- you'll agree. A bit pricey for entrees - $38 for halibut. But delicious.
5	This place is incredible. The baked Brie is great for an appetizer and the Caprese salad has pine nuts! Tonight I had an amazing meal, filet oscar, a 8ish oz filet which sat in a red wine reduction topped with succulent crab and rich Bearnaise sauce. I substituted the mashed potatoes for their ridiculous mushroom risotto. One of my top 5 favorite things I've ever eaten. My wife had eggplant Parmesan which is different than other places and so much better. They shave the eggplant thin like lasagna noodles and layer it with cheese, baked with crispy cheese edges, so good. What ever you decide don't miss the risotto.
1	Please see my picture for the reason behind my dislike of this establishment. It shows an apple slice accompanying the Baked Brie with the sticker still on it and sliced through. Is it a big deal? Not for you in your own house, but in a restaurant such as this? Yes, it is a big deal. It reflects poorly on the overall mentality of this place and provides insight into the way they cut corners...1. This apple was likely not washed2. Those that prepare the food are lazy without attention to detail...how was this apple cut through a sticker much less plated without someone noticing and pulling it off??3. If they cut corners here, they cut corners elsewhereAs a result, I was very critical regarding the rest of my meal, here are some additional findings:- the Baked Brie was completely overcooked: the phyllo was an empty shell, what used to be solid brie was now mostly unconstituted liquid fat covering the plate- the pear slices accompanying the Baked Brie were incredibly over-ripe and should not have been served- I also ordered the Penne ala Vodka with chicken which came with pancetta and asparagus pieces in the pasta. I counted, in this dish there was only 1 piece of asparagus which was the tip of a spear, every other chunk was from the body with most being the very fibrous chunks from the bottom (which should not be utilized). I relived my meal on the way home as I tried to excavate asparagus fibers from between my molars.Grape Street - if you're going to charge me $18 for a pasta dish (which is .35 cents worth of pasta + a few chunks of things and sauce), it better be top notch...it wasn't.This place gets an F
5	My friend and I went to the Grape Street Cafe after work and we both loves the place. It started out with a lovely dark cafe atmosphere (even the bathrooms were very cool). The service wasn't fantastic but as a server I know that the server we had was the only one on staff at the time and he had quite a few tables so I understood. The afternoon happy hour was great. Half off wine and appetizers. The Sauvignon Blanc was wonderful and the appetizers even better. My friend and I shared the calamari which was crispy and well seasoned. She ordered the grilled cheese (I believe it was called the Mary Anne Grilled Cheese) with the soup of the day (tomato bisque) and both were delicious. I ordered the poached salmon platter and it was delicious  we will definitely be going back soon. I included pics as well!
5	consistantly great meals.. always super service.. local treasure. best veal parmesean anywhere.. wine list is terrific... daily specials don't ever disappoint..
4	Half price bottles of wine on Mondays! Always check out their board for amazing daily specials!
4	Great atmosphere with great food. My husband and I eat there frequently and are never disappointed. The wait staff is very attentive and knowledgeable.  They all seem to love their job and colleagues.   The menu is diverse and has something for everyone. They offer a variety of daily specials (which can be pricey) but are very tasty.  Whether you're looking for a romantic place or one to go with coworkers, give this place a try.
4	Went here with my lady and my mom. We had a groupon for wines flights with a fruit and cheese board. We got seated promptly. The ambience is very intimate and as the lights are dimmed and overall and very relax feeling. We were advised that with the groupon we could also substitute two appetizers of $14 per appetizer. We got the baked brie and it was great! The brie was flavorful and the apples, pears, and grapes were fresh and tasted awesome! We also got the Riesling and merlot wine flights. We wines were great! The reisling was sweet and tart and the merlot was full of woody and fruit notes and complemented the cheese very well. We then had the penne a la vodka, eggplant parmesan,  and the bowtie Olivia. All three dishes were excellent!  The pastas were cooked well and the dishes were full of flavor. To me the eggplant parmesan stood out and would def recommend that for anyone to try. For dessert we had the chocolate cheese mousse, chocolate cake, and the zeppolini.  They have the desserts covered! The chocolate cheese mousse was very tasty and the flavor of  .  Chocolate and cheese work very well together. The chocolate cake was very dense, intense chocolate taste that is well received by the accompanying ice cream. Then the zeppolini!  They were great little fried dough balls covered in sugar, chocolate, and caramel and was very hard to stop eating! All in all a nice place to come and really enjoy the people you are with, woth the bonus of having some great food to go along with th great company, will be back for sure!
4	Had a great lunch with the hubby.......The atmosphere is so chill and relaxing. We started with the Steamed Clams for an appetizer, they were delicious.We both ordered from the daily specials.I had the Summerlin Salad, it was fabulous! Spicy grilled chicken, summer squash, corn, avocado, garbanzo beans, tomato, lettuce and cilantro lime dressing. So fresh, tasty and presented very well.My husband had the Filet Mignon Sliders. He said they were delicious as well.What a great lunch!Will def be back soon!
4	We only sat at the bar and had wine and snacks.Which was great, and I can't wait to go back and try the main menu food. Sitting at the bar, sneaking a peak it looks really good! I have been dreaming about the clams and linguini since I saw it delivered!I will update this after we have dinner....which will be soon!
3	Grape Street is a reliable, friendly and tasty place for lunch and dinner. Though it's been a few years since I've been back, everything was good on a recent visit. Three stars seems a little light -- so, it's somewhere betw three and four.After reading all the reviews that say how uninspired the steaks are here, I opted for something different. When in doubt, go with a couple small dishes - so I did. The steamer clams were plenty, tasty and served in a large bowl, as opposed to the more traditional Pot. While that detracted a little from the mystique, it made the clams that much easier to access and share. And share you should, unless you're just an out of your mind hungry brute. Though some complained they were a bit sandy, I absolutely did NOT have any issue with them. In fact, they were a hit at the table and I was lucky to get my mitts on a few myself ! The other dish I got was the Caesar salad. Straight-forward, no frills, but certainly everything I was hoping for.So why not more than three stars? I don't know. It's a large space, and man, was it cold. And even though it's Vegas, it was November, and I was ch-ch-chilly. The table bread was meh - I didn't even request extra bread to sop up the Steamer broth, which in some people's eyes, is a sin. Partially concerned about getting a steak at a place that's got steaks but isn't known for steaks -- even though they have a bunch on their menus; Service was good and friendly, so no issue there. I would definitely like to revisit Grape Street again before too much time. I love how they've been there for a bunch of years - and I hope they keep it going. Just, maybe, boost it in a few places, and make it bit more memorable.
2	I was really excited to come here as a belated birthday dinner celebration. Went Saturday night 12/6 at 7:15pm and left at 8:30pm. We had a Groupon for a wine flight and two appetizers or one appetizer and one cheese plate- never was given an explation of the cheese plate and didn't see it on the menu so we went with the two appetizers.  We told our server we would be ordering food as well. I assumed after we told the server we were intending to order an entree he would tell us the specials....but no. I had to walk over to the chalk board to read myself. The mussels in their white wine sauce were great- perfectly cooked and seasoned. The baked brie was lacking in brie as the previous reviewers mentioned.I ordered the Angel Hair Pasta Primavera with White Sauce and Shrimp. The pasta came out in a white wine sauce instead of a white sauce and was flavorless and tasted watered-down. Also, there weren't any whole pieces of shrimp. Instead, there were diced shrimp in the dish. All of this would have been acceptable had our server came over once to ask about our food and I would have asked him about the dish. No one ever asked us about our appetizers nor our meal. I ate only a couple bites of the angel hair pasta and the server just came by and asked if I wanted it boxed up. Our waters were never refilled. Nor offer of a dessert. If any manager or chef from the restaurant are reading this, I would love an explanation of my experience. I was looking forward to a birthday dinner and it was ruined by the service. When presented with the check our server made sure to point out and circle with a pen the original price and the price that was discounted because of the Groupon. We already knew that you need to tip on the original price- so it was very insulting. Disappointed. Wouldn't recommend. I don't know the name of our sever as he never introduced himself.
3	Good neighborhood place with a nice wine list. The only mild negative is that our dining companion wanted a mixed drink and was surprised to find out that they don't have cocktails. Service was fine. In fact the server picked up on the fact that we wanted a leisurely dinner and paced it accordingly.My veal parm (a fattening splurge) was worth the calories and enough for three more meals! The dinner salad was very good. Others seemed to enjoy theirs as well.All in all very good.
3	It's lovely to have a local wine bar with the selection found here- the meals put out by the kitchen are creative and fresh, and the business is frequently on Groupon and I like getting a deal. It's also conveniently located to my work.Grape Street is a wine bar slash restaurant slash wine shop, with bottles available for purchase, a full menu with HH specials Tues-Fri 3PM-6PM, and plenty of featured wines available by the glass, bottle, and flight- Monday nights there's even a by-the-bottle discount.The Unique Whites and Syrah flights each include three generous tastings of complementary wines- one of the whites was out, and they subbed in a sauvignon blanc that was one of the cleanest and most refreshing I've tasted! Opted for the baked brie appetizer based on reviews here and though it was cooked correctly and well-flavored with carmelized onions and the crunch of hazelnuts, the flavors were a little overpowered by the sweetness of the apricot preserves- as a snack to go with some wine, it worked, but flavors were not to my particular fancy.Several lunch specials available, the cream of mushroom soup of the day has an awesome Thai twist to the flavor (one of the more inventive ones I've tried), and the selection of herbal teas is large. I applaud the service here, they've mastered the art of being available but not being overbearing, so you are free to have your own conversation with friends and wine without constant interruptions or upselling. The bathroom also is quite inventive with a warehouse style sliding door - nice decor.
5	I'm giving this 5 just for the sheer consistency - I've been eating here since it opened and have never not once had a bad meal or service. That says a lot in this town, where the transient nature means great fluctuations in both. I love the ambience - exposed brick walls, NO machines, optional patio dining. Adding in some live music on Fri & Sat nights might be great. Love the chocolate fondue!!!
5	Best spot in town. This is such a romantic spot to take friends or even family. I fell upon this place over 4 years ago and i keep coming back. Love the wide selection of wine (that I can now drink) and the authentic Italian food. Great place to wine and dine without having to go to the strip. They have also just opened a second location at the Downtown Summerlin Mall. Right next door to me!
