2	Carne = meatVino = wineCarnevino = meatwineAnd this restaurant serves meat and wine! How ingenious! Mario Batali, you've done it once again buddy! Not only are you the best chef in the world, you think of the most creative restaurant names in the history of restaurant names! Bravo, my friend, bravo!I love how the walls were decorated in the room we were all dining in too...nice and blank! Perfect! The big bull statue in the room added a touch of refinement and was tres chic! My filet mignon was presented wonderfully on my plate! A piece of meat on a white plate...no garnish, no accompanying sides, no sauce, nothing! And guess what, the meat had no taste too. Woohoo! Simplicity had never been so simple! And oh my god, the vast wine list must've included every bottle of wine ever made! I'm so gonna splurge on that $4,000 bottle of wine during my next visit here! It's gonna be sooooo worth it!!10 million stars for this restaurant!!Brian T. = sarcasm at its best
2	Great Place!  Who doesn't want to eat at a $$$$ restaurant while sitting right next to the casino?  ambiance sucks ass...a restaurant like this shouldn't have any bad tables.  Don't let them sit you next to the slot machines...the noise and the draft will ruin the mood.  Service was also subpar...dont blame anyone besides the waiter.  Furthermore, food was way too expensive and the portions were wa too small.  do not get the half portions unless you're looking to get a kiddie sized happymeal.
1	I've always come to yelp to read helpful no-hold-barred reviews but this is the first time I've been moved to write one of my own because no one should waste their time and money at this "fine dining" restaurant. Before we sat at our table we had a nice glass of prosecco at the bar with a very affable bartender - it looked like we were in for a great night...until we got seated with a server who was part used car salesman part annoying high school substitute teacher.  This guy proceeded to go through and lecture us on the menu for literally 10 minutes...we can read guy and we get it you want us to order the most expensive steak you offer.  This server (I use this term very loosely because we didn't get his name) proceeded to tell us that we shouldn't consider the filet or the fish dishes (really, Batali puts items on his menu that aren't good?) and that the sides aren't like Ruth Chris "you can't just order them" - what does that even mean?  So after mentioning that they keep many of the items in Italian to encourage "a dialogue" we knew that this was one strange place.  The night before my vegetarian friend suggested I get the buccatini without the pork and she recommended I get the small size, which is literally enough for one person but I should have been tipped off when they said they'll try and push the big size.  OK I'm a vegetarian and even though I'm going to a place called Meat & Wine I'm allowed to be there and eat what I like.  So after asking for the buccatini sans pork he looked and me and said he wouldn't do it..."if we start taking things out of our dishes it'll just get strange and I don't want to put a plate of strange in front of you."  I'll be the judge of strange buddy and don't bs me because my friend ordered it last night.  HE WOULDN'T TAKE MY ORDER AND SAID "I'LL COME BACK TO YOU!"  What happened to the "dialogue" he promised earlier?  Needless to say he hassled everyone of my friends about our orders saying zingers like "that's just 5 bites and won't be enough" "you have to get all of your orders in now because it'll just get awkward if you want more food later."  After we ordered we all decided to leave because we were made to feel so uncomfortable - these servers must be working on commission. I spoke to the matre'd on the way out who to his credit was very apologetic and flabbergasted the waiter wouldn't adhere to my vegetarian request.  He offered to seat us in another section - we just wanted to get out of this boiler room so he paid for our drinks.  If this restaurant wants to survive they need to chill out on the hard sell and let people order sizes and portions they feel comfortable with - even though I wasn't getting a steak for 2 I would have drank for two!
3	MARIO!!!!!!We went here because it had Mario's name on it and was recommended as a better option to (Emeril's) Delmonico's by the super foodie general manager at B&B Ristorante - Lori.  She evangelized the incredible care and selection the meats choices when through to arrive at the table.  I also thought what does this 90lb wet little woman know about eating slabs of meat?!  But I did not want to eat at Del's again and this place was close.  And I have not put something of Mario's in my mouth that I did not think was a cut above.We start at the bar.  It is a nice area in an average location just off the slot machines.  Sit at the bar and not at a table or you will have the oh so pleasant, "CHING, CHING, CHING, WHEEL of FORTUNE ringing you your head forever.The bartender was very friendly and helpful - Steve.  We started with about 5 liters of Lurisia sparkling water - my all time favorite bottled water.  We wanted some tiny (alcoholic) bubbles so opted for the Processco.  Steve recommended we go for the magnum size as it was a better value - and BOY did it look cool.We thought the wait might be an hour, so we went right into the apps.  Steak Tartare (or Cannibal Mount as it is called in Joy of Cooking - yikes!) was very well made; I would have like a piece of toast to host and scoop it up.And the second thing we ordered....queue the angels music...AAHHHHHAAAAHHHHH...HOLY FFFFFFF! We had this absolutely insanely incredible lobster crudo (Italian sushi-style raw fish).  It was like sweet, soft, creamy butter with a light lobstery goodness.  It was one of the best things I have ever put in my mouth!  I will probably remember it the rest of my life.  And I am not a big lobster fan - usually overcooked and sauced and priced for me in comparison to what else I can get for the money.Next we head to our table.Service was great. We had about 5 people waiting on us at one time or another.  The atmosphere was a bit "old boys club" my hot little friend said.  There were a bunch of suits in there, but it was kind of what I was expecting from a Vegas meat house.We started with three small servings of different pastas for the 5 of us.  They were all pretty good.  I still can not explain why I bother to ever buy anything with Dungeness crab in it in a restaurant. I am nutz.  I love the crab and usually just buy it up the street and cook them up and feast.  Restaurants ALWAYS try and make the crab something special by ADDING flavors - sauces, etc.  There is no need. It is already the best crab in the US!  I once again got a crab and black pasta dish and was disappointed.  DUH.  The other two - a SPAGO - with lamb ragu and burnt butter & ricotta raviolis were a bit salty - they know it and are working on it.To the meats of CARNEVINO!  The steaks were incredible!  My colleagues order a table side carved ribeye for two and the girls shared a fillet, so I had to order - dare I say - a 20oz veal chop! I was not paying for it and do not have any hangup about eating.  It was incredible!  Melt in my mouth sweet baby love!  Their steaks were perfectly cooked and incredible.  This place definitely knows its meat.The two Soms that helped us were very knowledgeable and asked great questions to help aid & lead my less wine knowledgeable friends around the list.  And there was the wine list - HOLY F.  I have not seen a more overpriced and unapproachable list!  Everything started at $150 and really was not interesting until $250 and went to average $500, up to $4200 LOL!My recommendation - stick to the great by the glass and you can afford to enjoy the dinner.  Or order the mag of Processco and call it good.
2	The bad reviews are piling up here for a reason.  Being a big fan of Batali's shows on Food Network, I was really excited about getting a chance to eat at Carnevino.  Unfortunately, this was the biggest culinary disappointment I've experienced in a long time.  First of all, I know it's Vegas but this place is horribly overpriced for what you get.  If I'm ordering $40+ pasta entrees, they better be some of the most rich, incredible pasta I've ever had.  (I had the black fettuccine with crab). Instead, it tasted like something I could whip up myself on a monday night using about $2 worth of ingredients.  Actually scratch that, it didn't taste like something I would whip up because I wouldn't have made it so bland.  Another member of our group nearly sent his pasta back because it was too salty, overwhelming any other flavor present.  Their 'family style' portions ($40+) were what I would expect a half portion to be ... the half portions ($17 - $24) were appetizer-sized and cannot be considered a meal.  I am a 170 pound male, not a large person.  If this is what Mario Batalli considers to be full size portions I seriously wonder how he can stay so overweight :)We ordered several $9 sides with our meals and all of them were just ordinary.  Nothing stood out.  Very average.  No flavor.  There was only one entree that someone else ordered that looked impressive to me and that was the veal chop ... big, 2" thick and practically hanging off the plate with the bone in.  Unfortunately not many people in our party ordered meat dishes which is the general theme of the restaurant, so I guess the moral is if you do decide to go here stay away from the pasta and go with the meat.  The wine list as noted by others below is very extensive but offers few if any reasonably priced options.All in all it was a two-course meal that took 3 hours.  TWO COURSES took 3 HOURS.  I don't know what was taking so long in the kitchen but we were dying by the end.  And still hungry after dropping $100+ per person.  I gave the review 2 stars instead of 1 because the waitstaff were very professional and I at least FELT like I was dining at a 5-star restaurant, even if the food didn't reflect that.I left Carnevino craving some Macaroni Grill badly.  That should speak volumes.  If you want to drop some big bucks on a nice Italian meal in Vegas, look elsewhere.
1	Awful, just awful.The service was horrible from start to finish. A snotty kid, who could barely string together words to form a sentence. Everything we ate was over seasoned. Very very salty. The pasta dishes that claims to be a half order is barely a children's order. Just about everything but the meat was bad. We had the porterhouse and the ribeye, they were carved at the table. Both were good not outrageously good, but ok. There were 5 of us, only 2 had wine and we spent 850 including tip and most of us were hungry when we walked out. Everything would have sat better with us if the service was at all good. I asked about the sorbets, and the waiter said, "ewww, i personally hate sorbets, i'd eat the gellato." I said "gellato makes my stomach hurt, can you tell me which sorbet is the best." he said " sour apple sorbet tastes like sour apple, basil tastes like basil, chocolate tastes like chocolate." what a smartass, i dont need that when im paying 800 bucks for dinner.I wont go back ever and i have already written a personal note to mario battali.
4	I love the dining room here. It's grand, it's massive and it's a steakhouse on steroids. I know people have ranted about the decor, but I love it. I love the big chandeliers and the high ceilings.The veal chop for $72 is no easy task to order. You take a little breath before you do but once you give over to the price, the beautiful piece of meat that comes out is fantastic. I ordered it med rare and got exactly that. Yeah.It's just meat on a white plate.The better to see the red and pink and white fatty bits.Yum.If you want sides, order 'em. I don't need it.Just give me meat.Meat and wine.Simple.Even the menus are over-the-top.I loved reading the food on the front and then opening the menu to two giant pages of wine.Service was attentive though my partner thought it lacked a rhythm. It felt like we waited a long time for our appetizers. But in the end we had to rush our meal because our youngest diner was ready to leave.If you're on a budget, this ain't the place to go. You've got to come here and live large, eat large and pay the large bill.
4	We had a great steak and chicken, the bread was really good as well.  The sides were a bit salty.  Service was really good for us.  People who are crying about price need to realize this is a Vegas steakhouse, not Outback.  Overall we were very pleased.
4	Yes, it's ridiculously over priced.Now that that's out of the way the food is quite good.  The portions are on the small side, to be expected, but it was nice to walk out without being stuffed.  They brought us a spread for the bread that is probably 100% fat but it was so flavorful!  I had the squid ink pasta which was beautifully made and delicate.  The steak was a little disappointing.  For the price I expected it to taste much better than it did but it was just as good as normal steakhouse.  But the best part was the dessert!  These little Italian doughnut things...possibly the best dessert I've ever had :)I'm a fan of Mario but next time I think I'm going to try his other restaurant...easier on the wallet!
2	its was ok. not really worth all the hypePrice: a lotPresentation: goodTaste: okayservice: okay
3	If you do not care for good service this is the place for you.  It is sad that a place with Mario's name attached could be so lacking in service.  It is clear that he does not spend any time in the restaurant.I almost forgot but bread was NEVER brought to our table.  Maybe this is standard here???We came for a birthday dinner & decided to have cocktails instead of wine.  Our waiter managed to offer us a total of 2 drinks, one before the meal & one during the middle of the main course.  Appetizers,  salads and first course, be damned!!!  You do not need no stinking cocktails...  Maybe there is not enough of a markup for them to try to get you to drink a lot of cocktails.  It seemed like $12 for a drink was a money making enterprise...Who cares about service & beverages we are here for the food anyway.  The food was amazing, bravo to Mario & kitchen staff.  If only the rest of the restaurant was as good as this.  At least they have something to strive for.  If it was up to me they would all be looking for new work.  I am sure the existing staff could get a job @ chili's or applebee's.Appetizer: Duck egg & pastrami over a bed of asparagus.     Whatever disappointment i had in the staff was quickly forgotten as this was a tasty treat.1st course: BUCATINI ALL'AMATRICIANA     Again this felt like Mario had prepared it himself.  This is why I am such a big fan of his.  I almost changed my order to order a larger portion of this as my main course.  I was even tempted to order it to go for a late night snack.  I was told that the pastas were all hand made.  It would not surprise me, this was perfect.  Easily the best past i ever had.Main Entre: NY Strip with bone.  I added the GORGONZOLA MASCARPONE sauce.     This was aged to perfection & my taste buds eruppted as a river of flavor engulfed them.Desert: Flourless chocolate cake with a chocolate sauce on the inside.     This was the one disappointing part of the food.  Usually these are made to order & are very hot as the chocolate oozes out of the cake when you cut it.  There was no oozing here as the cake was warm & not hot enough for the chocolate to spill out of it.  It was still very good but clearly not made to order, or perhaps it was.  You never know with this waitstaff.
5	Reading the reviews, I am honestly shocked.  I do agree that the food is quite pricey, but, in my case, was worth every savory bite.  I had a wonderfully secluded table not anywhere near the casino floor which had ambiance to spare.  I started with a delicious appetizer special of panelli, which is a southern Italian/Sicilian version of Falafal.  These were cooked to perfection, just like my Grandmother used to make.  Next was my main course.  This was a perfectly made fillet mignon.  It had a wonderful crust and was perfectly medium-rare pink middle.  And, for dessert,a delicious slice of cheesecake, made with ricotta cheese.  I could not find any flaws with this restaurant I would recommend it to anybody.
3	Ok, I didn't eat here, but I did sit at the bar and have a few drinks and an appetizer.  The steak tartare was the best I've ever had.  the only complaint and the reason I knock it down a few stars is the price.  I ordered a bourbon neat.  The bartender suggest a two ounce shot of Pappy Van Winkles's reserve.  Now I like to consider myself a connoisseur of  bourbon but I'd never heard of PVW's so I said why not.  Freakin $55 per shot?  He couldn't have told me before I drank it?  Now admittedly it's not his fault.  I should have asked.  My drink and appetizer was almost as much as my dinner that night.  But I know I'll go back when I'm there next.
2	Unlike some of the reviewers, I found the ambience of the restaurant enjoyable and relaxing.  I think that perhaps the disparity between reviewers loving or hating the ambience comes down to which side of the restaurant you are seated in.   The retaurant is split in two, bookends to an escalator to the skywalk to the Wynn resort.  There appears to be a pathway behind the escalators to go between the sides.   The people who sit in the main area where the bar and entrance are located in is nice and relaxing whereas the other side of the restaurant seems more likely to get the casino noise.  The music in the restaurant is a little too loud as well.The service we had was excellent.  I'd give a 5 star if a review was based on service alone.  The food is where my star rating fell dramatically.   We started with fried calamari which was excellent.  Next course was two pastas - black fettucine (made with squid ink) with dungeness crab and a pasta with lamb ragu.  The black fettucine  was ok but a bit tastless although the pasta with lamb ragu was quite good.  For entrees, the osso bucco was good but the veal saltimbocca was ridulously salty and inedible.    It was the equivilent of opening a salt shaker and pouring it into your mouth.    Veal Saltimbocca is one of my favorites italian dishes and I couldn't wait to taste Mario Batali's version.   This was a huge disappointment.The wine list, which I was looking forward to ordering from, had hundreds of wines.  It's an extensive list however the prices were too high.  We decided to forego the wine and go for cocktails instead.Sorry Mario but I won't be back.
3	Carnevino was quite an experience! Everything here was tasty, delicious, and interesting! I had the calamari app, blackened pasta, and a nice glass of vino! The ambiance is on point and it's worth checking out the next time your in Vegas and in the mood for Italian!
5	It was worth every penny. The ambience was excellent (for the main side which we were on) Caprese was delcious, our tasting portion of the sausage orchiette was perfectly al dente, my osso bucco was very good and my girlfriends filet mignon was fantastic (even for medium-well). I think that since this is a Celebrity Chef restaurant inside of one of the top 3 hotels on the vegas strip, the prices could have been higher! Honestly! Yes it is all al a carte, but the sides are only $9 when they could be $12 like other steakhouses. The petite filet was about $10 less than it is at other steakhouses, i think its one of the best bargain celebrity upscale restaurants in vegas.
5	Bryant celebrated his last remaining days as a bachelor by having his friends fly out to vegas to eat. We spent 3 wholes days there, just to eat one meal, because thats all you do for a bachelor party of course. The dinner started at 8pm, and didn't finish until a bit past midnight. Four hours is a long amount of time to eat one meal, but when you're served over 18 dishes, and grill 4 60 ounce steaks, it can take some time to prepare.We were treated to basically our own room, and personal service from what seemed like their entire staff. I don't even remember what we received, but basically we got a tasting of over half the menu in one seating. In one meal i had my first taste of sweet breads, beef tartar, beef carpaccio, and lardo. Each were delicious in their own right. Sweet breads were described to me as the best chicken nugget i'll ever have, even tho they're not sweet, not bread, and actually made of cow.After the appetizers 5 orders of pasta came to the table. The best out of all of them was the Ravioli Di Stracotto (duck livers), and i normally don't like liver, but this was damn good. Finally the main course arrived, and we were in awe and in shock of the size of steak that we were ill-prepared to feast upon. They cut the steak table side, along with some of the best green beans ever. Some suffered more than other, but it was delicious, and i actually almost finished my share of the steak.As the finisher we were served some Prickly Pear Sorbet, hand picked from the desert of Nevada, and 4 other desserts, and finally an entire bottle of what someone called a digestivo. To me it was basically just taking six ounce shots of hard liquor considering it was like 60 proof.I was ready to die afterwards, but we had other things to do that night. Like, ... uh ... drink, ya ... drink.
3	The service throughout our meal was excellent by a wiseguy right out of Sopranos, but the food was maybe a bit better than average and for the price that brings it down another star.  We were seated not in either of the main dining rooms, but in a back hallway that connects the two sides.  The tomato mozzarella salad was awesome and a friend and I split the rib-eye for two which was $165 for about 32oz of meat including bone.  I have had better steak almost that size at Alfred's in SF for $65 so it was hard to justify the value here.  The sides we ordered with the steak were just ok and we were pretty stuffed.  The bill for 3 people was almost $400 and we didn't even have dessert or drink much booze.  There are better places to eat in Vegas.
1	I've been to Carnevino twice and have been very disappointed both times.  I'm a big fan of Mario Batali and had high expectations.  I've been to Osteria Mozza in LA and absolutely loved it. But my two dinners at Carnevino have been hugely disappointing.Food-wise, the steaks at Carnevino are just okay.  Both times I've been there, I've ordered steak prepared the way the chef prefers - usually rare or medium rare.  Both times I've found the steak to be too tough, too chewy or too fatty.  The taste is good but I've had steaks at some of the best steakhouses in the world and this place is 3rd tier -- not second tier, 3rd tier.  Mortons and The Palm, even the Old Homestead are better.  Don't go here for steak.  And I hate to say it, but don't go here for the pasta either.  I've been disappointed both times with the pasta which is just ho-hum.  Compared to our nearly orgasmic experience at Osteria Mozza, this wasn't even in the same ballpark.  I hate to admit it but we had a much better meal at Rao's the night before (even though their meatballs are too dense).We went to Carnevino to celebrate my bachelor party -- there were 10 of us -- and I can honestly say that the poor and insulting service ruined our dinner.  Thanks being huge a-holes Carnevino!  Let me explain.The sommelier  (Kirk) was a complete and utter douchebag to my friends. One of my friends asked if they carried a certain wine and Kirk's response was, "Good God no."  It wasn't like we requested Night Train but this a-hole Kirk acted aghast, the needle skipped off the record, EF Hutton-style.  "Good God no... too buttery." That's a really pompous answer and made my friends feel like crap.  Thanks Kirk, you pretentious wine Nazi.  I hope your acrid douchebaggery gets you far in life.  A better answer would have been, "Sorry sir, we don't carry that wine."  You're lucky you didn't get your twitty glasses knocked off your face.Secondly, the waiter (don't remember his name but he was a tall dude and also wore hipster 50s style glasses) suggested that we order a bunch of appetizers and pastas for the table.  We said sure, but I told him that some of the people don't eat shellfish so stay away from seafood.  What did we get?  Calamari (shellfish), crab salad (shellfish), and another seafood dish.  Moreover, we got 5 sets of 3 -- 15 appetizers for 10 people (with pasta and main dishes to come.)  It felt like the guy was trying to take advantage of us.  It was too much food.Also, we received an extra dessert that nobody ordered.  We pointed it out to the waiter and instead of just leaving it (which is typically what is done in a fine restaurant, considering that we're running up a bill of over $2,000) he took the dessert away.  I mean, how much of a dick can you be?  We spend over $2,000 there and you're going to take a cruddy little dessert off the table?  I think that really says it all.On the spectrum of "fine restaurants" this gets 1 star; on the spectrum of all restaurants, maybe 2.5-3 stars. None of us will ever eat there again and I'll do my best to spread the word about how crappy the service and food is at this place.  I will continue to patronize Mario Batali's restaurants because I can only presume he doesn't know how bad this place really is but if you have good taste and know what it is to get good service, you'll give the middle finger to Carnevino.
3	I guess I had higher expectations eating at Batali's restaurant because Pizzeria Mozza and Osteria Mozza were both so good. Unfortunately, Carnevino wasn't as great.  We started with their chopped salad which was really good for the first few bites. The dressing got a little overwhelming after awhile. There were a lot of spicy peppers in there so if you don't like spicy then you don't wanna order this salad. Then we had the dry aged ribeye for two which was cooked the perfect medium rare we requested. Flavor was good topped with a little bit of salt and olive oil. We got the Yukon potato side which had a unique mashed potato feel to it. It was an interesting little dish but way too salty. We had a bottle of Malbec that paired nicely with our dinner. And for dessert we had the apple budino, an americano and green tea. Just FYI...skip dessert. The apple budino is nothing like the butterscotch budino at Pizzeria Mozza. Should've just gone with a port wine or something. The service started off really good but towards the end I guess our server got swamped with new tables which wasn't a good thing for us. We waited quite some time to get our check. We had to hurry up and pay and get our gambling on. The hosts were very pleasant when we walked in and when we left the restaurant. Ambiance was great and the decor was sophisticated. I would come back to try different dishes even though my first experience here was just mediocre. If this mediocrity happens again...I'm gonna stick with my Kona crusted steak at Capital Grille down the street. Come on Batali~! Step it up~! You're better than this~!
5	My BF and I shared the rib-eye and it was sooo delicious.  It was huge and was carved at table side.  The service was excellent and knowledgeable.  We also had the clams,  that was also delicious.  We were both soooo stuffed we didn't get dessert.  I will definitely come here again.  Next time I'll try Mario's pastas.  YUMMMMYYY!!
3	freakin expensive... tiny entrees... somewhat tasty food. when you pay $50 for plate of pasta, one would expect a decent helping. i heard a lot of good things about mario batalli's restaraunts, but all three of his joints in las vegas were utter failures in my mind. i don't mind coughing up some coin, but the food MUST be amazing to offset any of the negatives.don't go here. save the extra $100/pop for the tables or lap dances
5	On our last trip to Vegas my friend and I had seen Carnevino on our way to Table 10 and after a quick glimpse of the menu had made it a point to visit on our next trip.On a recent long weekend we decided to hit up Carnevino on Saturday night. So much on the menu looked tempting but we both ended up opting for the 8 oz. Filet Mignon. To compliment our steaks we chose two sauces, myself choosing the Porcini Bernaise which was THE perfect accompaniment to my tender and scrumptious steak. The steak was juicy and cooked perfectly! The sauce was not a thick consistency, I would liken it to a thicker au jus. For our sides we chose the Tuscan fries- made with fingerling potatoes roasted with parmesan and herbs and parmesan/potato cakes (I can't remember their name!)- mashed potatoes mixed with parmesan cheese and deep fried into a small yummy cake. So good!After dinner we were full! BUT my friend wanted to see if they had an Olive Oil gelato she had had in Batali's NY restaurant. To her dismay they didn't. However, we asked our server (rather our server's assistant) and he took the extra step and put our request into the chef. To our surprise the chef accomodated our request! A few minutes later our server brought out our Olive Oil gelato. What yummy goodness! Smooth and sweet vanilla gelato, light and fruity olive oil and crushed sea salt. An unusual combination but so delicious! A must try! Our dinner overall was a great dining experience. The service was professional, friendly, attentive and courteous. The food was brought out timely, hot and delicious! The fact that one of our servers made a special request and was able to deliver just made the dinner that much more enjoyable and the reason I gave this review 5 stars!
1	Horrendous! I can honestly say that NOTHING we ordered was tasty...rib eye was alright. But for the price, this place is a huge ripoff. $75 veal chop should be as tender as BUTTER...the veal was tough, and had a weird aftertaste. Pastas...all blah...salads...meh (think maria's italian kitchen) it was so bad that no one in our party of 10+ wanted to order dessert!  With the plethora of nice, expensive steakhouses, spend your money elsewhere in Vegas. SW steakhouse at the Wynn is very good!
1	Probably one of the worst restaurants I've ever been to.  Our waiter (who looked like Mario Batali) was a dick, although the manager was extremely accommodating.  1. Prawn appetizer (average)2. Black Fettucine w/ dungeness crab - i found pieces of the hard clear inner bone that crabs have (in my mouth) and it tasted extremely fishy which tells me it wasn't fresh. 3. Ravioli ($19 each piece), the size of a normal ravioli except with the taste of dog shit.. over salted, with some weird cinnamon brown covering and a random egg yoke. i didn't try the steaks.. that might have made things better.. I was so mad after the meal that i felt like finding Mario's contact info to tell him about my experience.. but i guess yelp will have to do!
5	I went here back in June but I haven't been able to post a review until now.  First of all, this place is a steakhouse.  If you have anything else, then well I can't vouch for the food.  My two other girlfriends and I split the porterhouse steak for 2.  The waiter was kind enough to allow us to do that considering it's a pricey dish.  We also split an order of salad, ravioli, and a bottle of Barbara d'Alba wine.  Dinner was fantastic.  Considering it came out to $100 per person, it was by far worth every penny.  The steak was tender and perfectly cooked.  The wine was delicious.  The wait staff attentive; this is Vegas after all.
3	although carnevino is a steakhouse, they have a relatively good selection of non-steak items.  my friend and i have had dinner here two times.  if i had reviewed it after the first time, i would have rated it a 4.5...except a couple of the dishes were way oversalted (same problem with b&b and pizzeria mozza)...all the other dishes were spot on flavor and seasoning...we finished off our dinner with a ricotta filled crepe topped with dry fruit compote and panna cotta with a huckleberry sauce...they were both very yummy...a perfect way to end our great dinner.ok, so the 2nd time we have dinner there, we ask the waiter if they could go easy on the salt...the first 2 dishes to come out were the arugula with coach farms goat cheese and the razor clam special...both had great flavor, but again...was extremely salty...almost inedible...so we ask the server again...nicely...if the kitchen could be a bit more light handed on the salt...basically...everything that came afterwards had no salt...so, it's either waaay to much salt or none at all...will have to reconsider before going to another batali restaurantthe best part of the meal was the coach farms goat cheese...incredibley good...the best goat cheese i've had...you can order online from their website
4	In short:  The steak is great!...cant say much about the rest of the entrees.My group of friends shared the ribeye for two and the new york steak.  Both tasted very well...the ribeye has more of a rich flavor, the new york has more of a meaty texture.  If you like the meaty flavor, go for the new york, I actually liked it more than the ribeye.  The ribeye was kind of dissapointing, for $135 I expected a bigger cut, but it did taste very well.  We shared the brussell sprouts and the chantarelles (mixed mushrooms and onions) sides.  The brussel sprouts were good, but the chantarelles wasnt that great (it was sauteed too heavily and clumped with too much onions, I didnt get a great flavor out of the dish,  just the sweetness of the onions).  The steak is broiled at 1200degrees, It came out almost black when they served it...the crust was definitely crispy, but it was charred to crisp...depends how you like your steak...I didnt mind the burnt crust, but some people dont like the flavor of the burntness and the unhealthy side effects of cancer cells.  We also ordered the seafood spaghetti, it was a little on the dry side, definitely needed more sauce...the seafood was good, the pasta had a nice chewy texture, it just needed a little more sauce.  It was almost like a dry spicy pasta.    For 50 bucks I would have ordered another steak instead of the seafood pasta.  The waiter was nice and helpful, he suggested a few wine pairings with the steak, which seemed to go well.   The server cut our ribeye tableside, which is always nice to watch.  The steak is cooked a little more raw than most places..but they serve the food on a sizzling plate so the steak cooks real fast.  Id definitely order it medium-rare, by the time you eat the steak it will be perfectly medium.  For dessert we shared the bomboloni, which is like a fried chocolate donut hole filled with rich oozing chocolate, served with a rum sauce. It was quite delicate and rich, very tasty and delicious!  I'd go back just for the dessert.Overall experience at the restaurant was good, the staff was very friendly and helpful, the steak was great, the other entrees/dishes are just ok...But, this is a steakhouse, so order steak before you review!   Prices are really reasonable for a steakhouse in Vegas, expect to pay between $75-100 per person.
4	The service people here are warm, attentive, and knowledgeable. Chris (GM), Melissa (sommelier), Nancy (hostess), and Mike (server) all deserve 5 stars each. Thank you for making my Vegas trip extension completely worth it.Long story short, I'm a Batali fan because of Lupa (see my review). Walked by Carnevino took look at the menu and started chatting it up with Chris and Nancy. They convinced me to stay a bit longer in Vegas and take the first dinner seating."I don't want to see a menu; bring it on."Courses:Amuse bouche - fried cheese balls. A bit salty, but who doesn't love fried cheese? (Carpene Maltovi Prosecco - I LOVE YOU)1 - Lobster sashimi style with fried claw, fried lobster mousse, etc. The lobster was EXCELLENT. I've never had lobster prepared that way, and I'm a fan. (Bastianich Tocai Plus - I LOVE YOU - Best wine of the evening)2 - Black (squid ink dyed) fettuccini - Fantastic preparation. Perfectly al dente and had balanced flavors. I could have eaten a huge bowl of it, but more courses were on their way. (Remoissenet Meursault)3 - Fish - AHH!! I can't find it on their online menu so I can't give you all the details, HOWEVER it was very well prepared had a nice sear on the outside, soft and flaky inside. The sauce was a touch too sweet. 4 - Ribeye served tableside. Not a huge steak fan (I know... I'm at a steakhouse!) but I enjoyed it. Sides of riced potatoes (oversalted) and mushrooms came out as well.5 - Dessert - first was a sorbetto and then fried chocolate balls. What's not to love?The details are a bit fuzzy after the 3rd glass of wine made its way through my bloodstream, but overall the meal was delicious and fun.
2	I had the chalk hill cab.  Our party had steak tartar and filet.  It was good, but the waiter ominously announced that because of the size of our party (6), the steaks would be cooked medium or well done only.  I left shortly after this announcement.  A steakhouse that can't accommodate a rare steak for a small group cannot be that good.
3	pricey but hey, it's vegas. the steaks were good but not anything you can't get at other similar joints. the pasta was excellent - would recommend that groups share some steak to get their beef, but chow down on communal pasta for the table.
5	Simply one of the best dinners I have ever had.  First, don't skip the bar... not for the decor, but for the home made cheese straws that are baked each day.  They are friggin great.  The meal began with some shared appetizers; baby arugula salad, home made salumi plate with proscuitto made by Mario's father, and calamari.  All were delicious.  My boss and I split the bone-in ribeye for two which was carved tableside.  This steak was dry aged 6 weeks and cooked to perfection (slightly under medium rare, but not rare).  My only complaint was the lack of values on the wine list.  Seriously Mario, you place hundreds of Italian wines on the menu, and only a handful are under $100 a bottle?  These obscure libations are more respectable when guests can afford more than one bottle.  I ordered a L'Adventure from Paso Robles for $80 which drank well.
3	Went there twice this trip, first for dinner then lunch, mostly out of convenience.The lunch service was absolutely horrible, but the dinner service was INCREDIBLE... so they get a "push" on that one.Ordered:Egg & ricotta ravoli - This is a dish stolen from Osteria Mozza (another of Batali's restaurants in LA), and the Carnevino version was exactly the same, GREAT. Veal Saltimbocca - This was just ok.Burger - was expecting a lot more from Batali!Oh also of note - at lunch they squish you into little bar tables that don't have room for all of your food, and the menu is VERY limited. Also neither was cheap... I think my burger at lunch time was 19 bucks!Verdict: I'd go back here for dinner but it wouldn't be my first choice. Definitely would not go back for lunch.
3	Food was fairly decent. The chicken was way too dry though. The steak was fair. I'm not sure if I will go back though. The atmosphere was okay. The music was up way too high. We couldn't talk without shouting. That wasn't good.
3	i had a good experience at carnevino.  i was a bit hesitant trying another batali restaurant as i found babbo in NY disappointing but carnevino was great.  we had great service - everyone seemed to be happy in their job, the manager was making rounds talking to each table making sure things were going right, and our waiter was making helpful wine recommendations.  though we were practically in the middle of the room, i didn't feel like i was too close to the tables around us where we didn't have enough privacy.coming to an "italian steakhouse" it was difficult to decide on pasta or steak. so my friend and i ordered two smaller portions of the pastas as appetizers which were just big enough for a few bites each, and i found it to be a perfect amount.  we had the black fettuccine which she loved, and the pappardelle which i loved, the pasta being a perfect al dente.  despite other reviews, i didn't find the black fettuccine fishy, nor did it have anything 'hard' in it so if you experienced that, you definitely should have turned it back.i had the 8 oz filet done medium which i found to be perfectly done.  slightly charred on the outside (i hate it when it's overcharred and i have to basically scrape it off and eat only the inside of the steak) and warm pink in the middle and it did not bleed when i cut into it.  (i hate having blood run on my plate when eating steaks!)  the meat was tender, and i didn't have any sauces because you shouldn't need sauce on a really good piece of meat!  i will probably go back.  it's pricey, but it's vegas and it's a celebrity chef restaurant.  kinda comes with the territory!
3	Mario, you've done it again.  Not the best, but this is a good one.
1	I went with a group of friends, all of whom had an awful experience. It was supposed to be our "big night out" in Vegas, and it was a disaster.We had a 9:00 pm reservation, but were not seated until 9:40. And the waitress didn't take our order for another half hour after that.The service was terrible. We waited at least a half hour between each course. The host noticed our unhappy faces, said he would rush the food, but it still took forever. And when we asked to be compensated, he suggested a strip club we could go to without a cover charge.The appetizers and pasta course were excellent, when they finally arrived. The gnoochi and spaghetti with lamb ragu were my personal favorites. But the entrees were horrible. The steaks were undercooked (how is that possible when we waited so long?) and flavorless. The veal saltimbocca had so much prosciutto on it, it looked like it was a pizza covered in tomato sauce. The entree farfalle was oversalted.We didn't get our check until after midnight. The waitress tried to make things right with an after-dinner drink. The managers were so unhelpful and gave us attitude. The entire group left in disgust.
1	First, it's odd to have two dining areas separated by an open hallway in the casino.  We got our reservations the same day, so I can understand our table being in the ghetto section of the restaurant.  The staff was friendly, but not that knowlegable of the food. Nobody in my group knew where osso buco was on the veal and neither did the waiter.  The busboy told us the answer.  Their menu is confusing in respect that half of the steaks are meant to be served for 2 people.  I couldn't get a porterhouse for myself unless I'm willing to spend $140.  I thought the steak was $70, but it was $70 per person.  My mistake for not reading the fine print. The aged beef wasn't all that great. Way too much salt on the exterior had me eating the beef and leaving the exterior on the plate.  The Osso Buco was a bit dry, but never having it before leaves no way to compare it.  The marrow was almost overlooked until we saw the small fork and figured it out.  The marrow was the best part.  It might be the case we didn't eat it correctly. Maybe the marrow was supposed to be spooned out and blended with the meat?  I don't know. We tried some appetizers and pasta appetizers. Nothing stood out like the pork tenderloin at Mesa Grill. The meal didn't live up to the Mario Batalli hype.  Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill is much better than Carnevino.
1	Molto Mario? Nope. Molto Salate!! (Very Salty) The theme for our overpriced dinner was obviously salt. Thinking we must be behind in our sodium intake, Carnevino graciously doused our entire meal in salt. The pastas we ordered (pasta with broccoli rabe) was so salty that some members of my party's heads blew right off. Then they served nearly raw meat (at $70 per person!! watch out - it doesn't say pp in the menu so you think it's for the both of you) The meat was good quality - but still moving around on the plate. Three plates back to the kitchen for re-fire! Wines marked up only 4-5 times retail so they do have a heart it seems. When we displayed our dismay at the salt level, our waiter just laughed nervously. Oh well, at least we stimulated the economy.
5	As good as steak can be, and likely as expensive as it can be.The wine selections were amazing and amazingly priced. We went with a Barbera that retails at 11 a bottle, for 11 a glass, but it was PERFECT with the steak. No complaints even with the price.The medium rare steak was decidedly rare, and I'm glad. They know the quality of their beef and refuse to ruin it to fit Sizzler's cooking charts.  Trust in Mario on this one. Caprese was perfect, with great tomatoes, herbed lardo was scary good. My one complaint is the menu pricing is deceptive. Pasta is priced as appetizers, in it's own section. Smaller text noting you can Add $15 to make it a meal sized portion was below the heading. 9 dollars to add a side (chosen from a stealthy, separate menu) and keep your plate from arriving bare, is steep.
5	Kind of surprised at the only 3-star rating for Carnevino by the Yelp peeps. I totally would agree with that for the other Batoli restaurant, B&B, but Carnevino really is outstanding. Everything in Vegas is overpriced, but this one doesn't seem out of place, like Mix Las Vegas. For what you're getting, it seems solid. Carnevino has since replaced Craftsteak at MGM as our favorite steak place in Vegas (although you can, perhaps surprisingly, get a great filet at Mon Ami Gabi).What we like about Carnevino is the great Florentine steakhouse approach. It's a great grill, and feels comfortable, not over the top like many places in Vegas. The caprese here is the best I've had outside of Italy or homemade (which doesn't sound like it should be hard; but there are a lot of BAD capreses out there). Black fettuccine and the bucatini allamatriciana (one of my favorites) are solid starters on your way to the main course. The meat portions are big, and typically, my wife and I split the 12 oz filet, but the "Fiorentina" experience is also memorable. Don't forget the  black truffle vinaigrette.Also, slight warning for you coffee people. They don't do house-brewed. Your closest bet will be an Americano, so if you don't know what that is, don't expect the Folgers.
5	I was incredibly satisfied with the quality of service and delicious food!I came here with a group of girls and we shared our main courses in pairs, so we could try a bit of everything.  We got the chopped salad, rib eyes for 2, lamb chops, Fillet Mignon, and a few sides, and everything came out perfectly cooked and delicious.  I'm not a big meat eater but I finished my portion of the rib eye.  I loved the fact they cut our giant rib eye for 2 at the table.  They cut them into perfect portions and plated them onto individual plates for us.  The steak knives were cool looking too, not the typical steak knives you usually get at a steak house.  The wine list was huge, it was the entire 3 out of 4 pages of the menu.  They have a lot of good offerings for glasses of wine or by the bottle. I would definitely come here again when I'm in Vegas.
3	Well I must say I was very surprised by the food considering Batali is a sensational chef. Hands down excellent service, our waiter was great. The low rating comes from the actual food. The wine list is awesome and the staff is knowledgeable about the menu. We had giant shrimp to start, and for $10 per shrimp I expected to get my socks knocked off. They left the heads on and they were over cooked. We then had the blackened fettuccine which was excellent but a very small portion for the price ($21), I mean small like a few strands of noodles. For dinner I had the veal and my boyfriend had the dry aged NY strip steak bone in and brussel sprouts that were very dry. Our bill came to $250 for 2 with out gratuity and for that price I was definitely disappointed.
3	To be fair, we stopped in here just for a pre-dinner snack. We were totally gluttonous on this trip!Sat in the bar and shared some baked clams, a very good rendition of Bucatini Amatriciana, and a bottle of wine. Nice service, nicely done pasta, and ok clams.  For a snack when peckish, I'd go back again =)
2	Our Conceirge at the Wynn hotel suggest this place so we had high hopes but were a bit disappointed afterwards. Maybe because we love Chef Batali so we had higher expectations? We've had better steaks in Las Vegas.  Delmonico for one is made my steak better.  I don't really see or taste anything special in this steak. Side portions are pretty smallWe love chef Batali, just not this restaurant
2	$65 per person to share ONE ribeye?  Yes you read that correctly.  We had our annual guys trip to vegas and we always try to visit a different steak house every time we visit.  This year was Carnevino.  We were surprised in order to order a ribeye or porterhouse, TWO people had to order it.  We found it a bit odd but we had no problems with it.   We found it even more odd the waiter suggested we have the steaks family style (they cut up the meat and put it on a plate for people to share).   Anyways, a bunch us order different cuts of meat.  NY Strip, Filet Mignon and the folks that wanted porterhouse or ribeye's paired up.   So when the steaks finally arrived, I got my NY strip and the folks that got the Ribeye or Porterhouse had to share ONE steak for two people!?!!?  WTF?  The size of the steak was a serving for one at any other steakhouse (Cut, Delmonico's,  BOA).   We felt basically we were paying $130 for ONE ribeye.   The meat was definitely tasty but not outstanding where they can charge double the price.   Let's just say we'll never come back to Carnevino when we hit Vegas again.  We'll go back to Demonico's.
3	This is a Mario Batali restaurant in Vegas' Palazzo Hotel and Casino - it's right across the skybridge from the Wynn. We came here for my sister's birthday dinner and left stuffed.Probably one of the more expensive places I've ever eaten at coming in at little over $100/person for a table of 7. I guess two bottles of $125 wine didn't help the matter =P Their somelier was really friendly, though. She did this whole presentation for priming the glasses for our wine by pouring a little into each GINORMOUS sized wine glass and rolling it around to clear it of polish, detergents, etc and to prep the glass with the smell of the wine. Did it help? I'll have to try primed/non-primed glasses at home to compare =P I didn't really notice that much of a difference, but I'm not a huge wine snob...The restaurant's setting is decent - a sorta steakhouse feel right inside the Palazzo - but close enough to casion floor that you can still hear the sounds of slots. One look at the wine list and you sorta remember where you're at - wines from $100 - $5,000. Holy crap... haha.Anyways, on our server's suggestion, we shared 2 appetizers with the table and each ordered our own entrees and some sides.Complements of the Chef:Fried Parmesean Balls - Just like it sounded... delicious =P On a side note, one of our Asian servers came up and pronounced the whole thing in fluent Italian. That was trippy... (*psst* Did he just speak Italian???)Appetizers: Fresh Mozeralla over Toasted Bread - Pretty tasty stuff... but I was surprised when they brought out a huge slab of mozeralla and one tiny piece of bread. When the server described the plate, we thought each person would get a piece of bread... instead it was ONE regular sized piece of bread - we had to ask the server to cut it into seven for us =PGrilled Octopus - Excellent - wonderful smokey flavor with a hint of spice to three clearly different parts of the octopus - tentacle, body, and a bit of "carpaccio" style octopus over a bed of greens and hot peppers. I ended up sharing the Ribeye with my brother-in-law. This must be ordered by 2 people and is $65/person. The presentation of the thing was pretty awesome. They come out with a huge plate with a ginormous slab of meat and bone, and after showing you, they trim the meat off and place the bone in front of you to tempt you... then they go and slice the meat into smaller portions so it's easier on you to cut and eat. I thought it was done really well - perfectly medium rare, tender, and a nice dry rub on the outside. I can't say it was THE BEST piece of meat I've ever had... especially at that price... but it was good.My sister had their spaghetti ai fruti di mare and it looked amazing. HUGE prawns (head on), an entire lobster, crab... the works over spaghetti. Wish I had a bite =PSides:Their sides come a la carte - so be careful! At $9 a pop, they add up, but the few we tried were pretty good.Risotto Cake - Sorta like a crab cake, but stuffed with risotto. I enjoyed it... you get two large cakes.Spinach with garlic and hot peppers - pretty tasty, but nothing super special.We wanted the strawberry panna cotta for desert, but they ran out =(In any case, it was a good dinner, but a little expensive. The wine was superb. The waiters were very helpful, if not a little overbearing... but I guess they try extra hard there. I'd go back to try some of their pastas... after winning big at the tables =P
5	One of the best dining experience I've ever have.!We didn't make reservations, it was a last minute decision to dine here, I love Mario Batali - the food had to be delicious!  We were seat in less than 15 minutes in the private library .  Our waitress was fabulous, I don't recall her name, but she brought us a second round of the complimentary Parmesan/Pecorino/Gorgonzola cheese balls, upon my request of course. Lardo with warm focaccia rosemary bread. Lardo is pork lard mixed with rosemary, it has a smooth silky consistency that I enjoyed very much with the focaccia.   We skipped appetizers and went straight to the Rib Eye for dinner The meat was grilled  to perfection - medium just how I like it, but I must say it  was a very intimidating cut of meat, it was enormous!  Perfect for two.  The meat was carved right next to us, it was top with salt, Fleur de sel maybe? and topped with extra virgin oil olive, which I loved very much.  The sides we order were Asparagus wrapped in prosciutto breaded and fried, potato wedges topped with herbs and Parmesan cheese, and mash potatoes with bacon chucks and chives topped with a raw egg.  By far the best mash potatoes I've ever had, the egg gave the potatoes extra creaminess and flavor, it just dissolved in my mouth.  For dessert we had rhubarb tart topped with strawberry gelato and chocolate cheese cake.  I took a taste of both, it was good, but I couldn't enjoy it much, I totally overfed myself.  After we got the bill, our waitress ended our dinner with an Italian nougat  not sure what it was called, but it was delicious, it had the perfect sweetness.
5	I really enjoyed our experience here. I am a fan of Mario Batali, B & B, Osteria, and Mozza are all great! We came in after seeing a show and wanted to grab an appetizer and glass of wine at the bar. Our bartender, Miki, was superb. He was very attentive but not overbearing. He made some great suggestions for a couple items to share. We had the tagliatelle with ramps, mushrooms, and prosciutto and a salad of arugula and goat cheese with pickled onions. Started off with great warm bread with lardo and butter. MMM good. Both the salad and the pasta were great. The portion of the salad was surprisingly large. Miki also made a great suggestion with the wine. I liked that even though we ordered glass by the wine, he opened a new bottle and poured for us and left the bottle out for us to see. Very friendly staff across the board. I would definitely suggest sitting at the bar. Great!!!
4	A lot of mixed reviews on this one. Some 3s, Some 5s. I'll go with the middle option. Here's why:Starting with the food: the complimentary parmesan balls that a few other yelpers have mentioned are delicious, and a nice small start to what ended up being a really great meal. Appetizers shared by the table included the Insalata Romana and a daily special which consisted of a baked bread topped with burrata and ramps. The special was quite tasty -- the ramps provided a very subtle complement to the burrata. The salad, on the other hand, comes with anchovies that overpowered everything else about the salad.A friend and I split the Florentine Porterhouse which was delicious - very nice crusting on the outside and cooked to a excellent-looking medium rare on the inside. Really didn't think it could get any better until the friend, who had been previously and gotten the same cut, ordered the additional gorgonzola mascarpone (one of around six sauce options). Amazing. This definitely elevated the porterhouse a few steps and I now consider it the best steak I've ever had. The grilled spinach with hot peppers provided a nice spicy vegetable side which had just the right amount of kick without leaving you with an aftertaste that might otherwise interfere with the steak.So why, with all that, am I giving Mario's steakhouse a four star review? A  few annoyances: first, the service was just average with a few missteps along the way; the biggest problem came when the steak florentine presentation came out. We had ordered medium rare and the steak was indeed medium rare. However, the line chef had written Medium on the ticket and our waiter announced what the chef had written. We caught this and let them know we definitely wanted the medium rare. They went and double checked, but in between they had to roll the whole presentation tray back in, pretty humorous but a bit odd. Next, the   atmosphere seemed off. From what I glanced quickly on my way out, they may have another (possibly main) dining room in the other half of the restaurant, but our party was placed in the other side of the split which was open-air to the casino. Now I love my hometown, and the Palazzo has a very good smoke filtration system, so it's not that bad, but I can't for the life of me figure out any reason you'd want the noises and scenery of the casino right there. It really seems like an odd and definitely annoying choice.So because of all that, and the fact that they couldn't seem to do a $18 salad right. Four stars.
2	There's one thing that sums up this restaurant... On the menu, there is an item called "Free Range Veal".  Huh?  Everyone at our table questioned that. Sounded more like marketing hype.  So of course, the waiter made up some incomprehensible, illogical B.S.  explanation.  It went downward from there.  It was one of the more forgettable dining experiences I've had on the Strip.
4	DroooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooolDroooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooolDroooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooolCarnevino ribeye, medium rare, thank you.Sommelier was awesome, wait staff was super friendly, food was incredible. What else is there to say? Top notch Vegas restaurant, this is a 'don't miss' for LV.The only thing that could make this place better is if they started serving seared baby.What? Don't judge me.
4	I really enjoyed this restaurant. This is how an Italian place should look. It isn't too overdone like most of the places in Vegas. The food is great and the presentation is nice. Staff are nice and knowledgeable. Good spot for a nice night in Vegas. If I were a guy- I'd bring a date here.
5	My friends and I spent another wonderful evening at Carnevino during our last trip to Vegas.  We made last minute reservations for 12 people.  The restaurant is big enough to accommodate large groups.  It's a bit of a maze, so pay attention when you walk all the way to the back of the restaurant.  The staff was once again very knowledgeable about the food and made suggestions accordingly.  They didn't offer sangria, but the waiter suggested a Sangiovese mixed drink that tasted like crushed strawberries.  It was so refreshing and hit the spot.  I tried the veal saltimbocca & bacon-wrapped asparagus.  The veal was salty as it should be.  The asparagus was perfectly breaded, crunchy, and crisp.  My friends ordered the lamb chops with mint pesto, osso bucco, beef carpaccio, seafood spaghetti, la fiorentina, and the filet mignon.  All of the dishes were delicious.  One of my friends ordered the caprese salad to start and we were delighted that the mozzarella was freshly hand-pulled and creamy.  The combination of tomato, basil, and mozzarella was divine!  Another great experience in Las Vegas.
4	Went here for my 22nd birthday dinner with four friends. We were excited for a night of Las Vegas's magical cuisine. This place really delivers!The waiter were so knowledgeable about everything being placed on the table, in or around us. It almost became to much, when explaining specials, their presentation, and suggestions they were very long winded. I guess I felt like when deep in conversation with close friends, give us some space. But really, I'd rather have a wait staff over doing it than under doing it, so I can't complain too much.The restaurant is huge with really expensive looking art and furniture. Dark toned brown leathers it felt grand. Deep red paint covered most of the walls and creme linens lined the tables. I felt comfortable with the table set up and comfy chairs. It was exactly how I imagined dinner with Tony Soprano would be like. This Italian steakhouse made sparks fly for me. For entrees I got the beef carpaccio and the fried calamari. Everyone enjoyed those tasty dishes. I ordered the Filet Mignon, The waiter said it was hormone and antibiotic free, sounds even better I'll take it. When my Filet finally came out I was starving, I didn't wanna fill up too much on the super bread! Oh heaven's me, I was on cloud nine. It was perfectly seasoned with their own blend of sea salt, pepper, and rosemary. I will always come back.
5	It says a lot when you feel full-on guilt for not being able to finish the rest of your ribeye. Granted the fresh black truffle pasta was slightly on the heavy side but hardly lacked on the flavor of freshly shaved truffles right onto your hot plate of butter drenched pasta. I wasn't too fond of the side dishes. Not saying that they weren't good... just nothing special. The sauces were perfectly complementary with our ribeye - but I liked the bearnaise just a tad bit more.The insalata was on the salty side for me so after a few bites, mr. bunnie was the one to finish it off. Another highlight of Carnevino was their house-made lardons - pure pork fat. I was a little turned off by it just knowing what it was. If you think about it, it's pretty much like smearing lard onto rosemary scented focaccia bread. Ehhh...not that into it. I ended up trying it and, well, it was okay. Very rich and very good - just not one of my favs. Mr Bunnie, on the other hand, would probably smear it on everything he ate or possibly even smear it on himself if he could. I shudder at that thought. "Honey... what's that smell?"The tableside carved ribeye for two was fantastic. Rich and velvety, slightly charred and yet still full of flavor and tender, practically melts in your mouth - Mario Batali's crew sure knows how to make a steak girl happy. A definite good contender for my love of Mastro's bone-in ribeye. Can't say I like one better than the other - they're just different. When meat, like Carnevino, is carved tableside, it rests too much to where it creates even a bigger dip in tempature vs. at Mastro's, which comes on a extremely hot sizzling plate. Hmm... just different. I wouldn't change a thing on either.Next but not least were the desserts. Since I was so full from the meal, I opted to try their sorbettos - green apple, grapefruit, and cara cara orange. Refreshing and so true to the flavor (except for the apple...I'm not sure what it tasted like.) The grapefruit and cara cara orange sorbetto's were like biting into the actual fresh fruit. It was the perfect finish to a great meal. So, if you find yourself in Vegas and wanting to spend some good money on a great meal, Carnevino gets our thumbs up! But don't say we didn't warn you... not finishing your ribeye will bring tears to your eyes. Happy eating!
3	firstI LOVE steak, LOVE LOVE LOVE IT. I've been to almost every prime steakhouse in the US save for a select few that I'm still working my way to.Now for the quick and dirty:on a scale 1-5food: 5knowledge: 5service: 2 (not a reflection on our server but more of the policy of the restaurant.)speed: 1If you can get by the slow service and the "rules" of the menu the food here is AMAZING.Reading the mixed reviews I was a bit concerned about the seasoning of the food but could not pass up a mario batali steakhouse. Plus not everyone in my party wanted steak so the pasta and seafood dishes won us over.After dinning here with a party of 5 all of us ordering multiple plates  to share I am happy to report that the only thing OVERLY salty where the Parmesan balls they give out at the start of the meal. We all ended up wiping them down with our napkins but still enjoyed them.  However, having read how overly salty their food was and then to have the first taste be soo overly salty almost made us leave worried that the rest of the meal would be the same (but it wasn't).Be WARNED that they do tend to under cook their steak and do not offer a single portion of porterhouse or ribeye so you have to buy for 2 and they prepare it the same way!.  Meaning if person 1 wants rare and person 2 medium you have to send the other side of the steak back after they bring it out and slice it for you.  And by slice i mean into little slices of steak not just in half. even after sending back it still was under prepared.Since they are recooking an already sliced steak  you end up with a dryer less ideally cooked steak. =( For example, my piece (rare) was spot on, my wife's (medium) said it was one of the worst steaks shes ever had that I can only blame on the slicing / recooking because we HAD to share.While the slicing is nice, it makes for a worse steak when you need to send it back because they can't prepare it 2 different ways from the get go. For a $140 dollar steak that isn't acceptable.also the meat tasting menu is all or nothing. meaning either your entire table does it or you cant do it. =(So without being able to order just 1 steak, being FORCED to order 2 but prepared the same way only to have to send the other one back THEN not being able to do the meat tasting because my entire table didn't want it, did not make us too happy.On the plus side our server was extremely nice and VERY knowledgeable about food, wine, preparation and ingredients. Unfortunately it took about 30 mins before we placed our order and it took bread another 20 mins after that even though we asked for it 3 times. When we are all starving and sitting there feeling ignored for so long it makes for some grumpy customers.All our sides where rocking. we got 1 of just about everything and my party left nothing behind. The portions are small so if you plan on splitting something, consider it more of an appetizer.We spent well over $700 for our meal. If we would have ordered sooner and gotten bread right away i'd have no complaints about speed.if they added a single portion of porterhouse or ribeye or could have prepared it 2 different ways on the grill  id have no complaints about the service either.hopefully they can make some adjustments and not just dictate what you can and can't order because I really did like this place A LOT but found the price + speed + being told what i can and cant order and how i had to order it it is too hard to overlook for $700 meal. I REALLY want to give this place a 5 based on my food. but given everything listed above I can't.
5	Sensational dinner. Best birthday, ever. My fiance took me here for my birthday and being such a big Food Network fan, I couldn't wait to try a Mario Batali restaurant. We weren't disappointed. Our hostess invited us to sit at the bar as our table was promptly cleaned (we arrived a bit early) and we enjoyed the complimentary garlic, Parmesan bread sticks over a glass of wine and a wonderful Belgian beer. Our drinks were hand carried as we were escorted to our table, a little close to the horrid din of the casino, but that's unavoidable due to the location of the restaurant. Since we wanted to go all out, we order appetizers and salads, along with entrees and dessert. We really went for the real dining experience this place is intended to be, six or seven courses. The complimentary ciabbata was delicious, but I wasn't a fan of the bacon butter, fortunately there was an herb butter as well, which we completely polished off. We were also given a complimentary appetizer that I can only describe as a ciabatta "popper" which we found buttery and delicious. Our arugula and caprice salads were fresh and wonderful, also generous portions. Unfortunately, the shrimp pasta that we shared was extremely plain, the pasta was perfect quality and the shrimp very-well cooked, but it lacked an overall flavor. Now for the main course, we ordered the Rib-eye for two, a behemoth of meat, hand carved table-side and served with virgin olive oil and a choice of shared side. We had the potatoes and broccoli, very good. The rib-eye needs some explanation. For those of you who complained about the saltiness of the meat, you obviously aren't familiar with the process of dry aging meat, which involves the heavy salting and seasoning of a piece of meat, then hung at a certain temperature to extract all bacteria and infuse flavor at the same time. This leaves the meat with a salty, seasoned crust and a perfectly tender center. We got our steak medium-rare, which is exactly how to order a steak. It was incredible. The meat was the most tender I ever ate and far surpassed the quality at Mesa Grill (sorry Bobby Flay!). The salty crust does have a complexity beyond what some people have described in some Yelps below, but I assure you, it's a wonderfully prepared steak. Don't listen to the guy who recommended Outback Steakhouse instead... he obviously doesn't know anything about good food. Although stuffed, we still ordered dessert and shared carrot cake and flourless chocolate cake, both divine. The waiter also gave us a free dessert that I couldn't accurately describe. An amuse bouche style "cookie" of sorts that had a buttery flavor and warm, nutty crust, heavily spiced with nutmeg, cinnamon and all-spice, among many other flavors I couldn't isolate in the single bite that was provided. I wish it was on the menu, I could have eaten a whole plate. After that, our waiter handed us a $400 bill. While I'm not going here every week, I do recommend it for that special occasion, because it is very expensive, but sensational. We always talk about going back, but there are many other expensive restaurants worth trying in Las Vegas.
5	My husband and I got the beef tasting menu and were floored by how good it was. While every course was phenomenal, there were two real standouts. The beef cheek raviolis and strawberry dessert with lemon poppy seed biscoti were perfect. The dry aged beef was my least favorite course, it was a little too smokey for my taste (but still good!) Our server was fast and knowledgeable, decor was unique and well done. If you are going to pay this much for dinner, order your steak as the chef recommends it, otherwise you lose too much flavor!  I can't wait to check out B&B next time we go!
4	I was actually on my way to the Desert Passage (or whatever they call it now) food court when I happened upon this place. The Mario Batali cookbooks on display at the bar caught my eye, and being a big fan I dragged my parents into see what the stuff I'd tried to cook was actually supposed to taste like. From the name of the restaurant I deduced that not ordering meat was probably a bad idea. After the "lardo" spread (delicious) and the beef tartare (so-so) I had the ossobuco while my parents inexplicably ordered pasta. My food really was great- good heavy Italian food. The veal was falling off the bone and the risotto was al dente. As far as a beef, veal, and lamb, you probably can't go wrong at this place. I wouldn't venture too far from that, though.
1	A group of friends and I went to Las Vegas this weekend for a bachelor party and we had dinner at Carnevino.  We had never been and we were looking forward to some great steaks.  The place is pretty impressive overall and nice looking.  Our initial waiter was very nice and helpful but after that things didn't go so well.  It took a very long time for our waiter to come back and actually take our order.  After he did, we got our appetizers but none were placed in front of the correct people.  One of my friends actually had three appetizers placed in front of him before he had to tell them what he had ordered.  You could tell that the people bringing out the food had no idea.When the main meal came out, one of my friend's steaks was never ordered or delivered.  The manager came out and apologized but it wasn't ideal when everyone else was eating.  A side course that was ordered was forgotten as well.  We ordered some side sauces for the steak and when those were brought out we asked which sauces they were but they had no idea so had to go back into the kitchen.  Then I was told by two people that it was the correct sauce that I ordered but I could tell it wasn't and another server came out and told me that it was indeed the incorrect one.I called for the manager David and explained the situation and he was apologetic and gave us a free round of shots and didn't make us pay for the steak that was delivered late.  It was a nice gesture but too late at that point.For an expensive steak place in Vegas you would think that we would be receiving the best service but that was not the case at all so I highly recommend finding one of the million other restaurants in Vegas to go to.
4	Very pricey. The food is good and environment is very nice. The servers will be waiting for you right when you need them. I got lamb and it was a good choice.
5	Had the riserva beef last night -- butchered in December 08'...that's almost 9 months folks...and it was terrific.  But while the food is divine, the thing that we love the most about Carnevino is their service.  Marco is tremendous on the floor.  Victor is singularly the best Sommelier in town.  He's so smart and knows so much about wine that it takes a place like Carnevino to keep him at the top of his game - and it's clear he's having fun.  I think Italian wines are far more complicated to understand due to the multitude of local grapes that the Italians are so fond of using.  The prices are daunting, but that doesn't guarantee a good wine -- ever.    Victor knows all the hidden gems.  And because he knows Mario's (in this case Chef Shirley's) food so well, he makes those "one note wonder" somms around town look like fools.   His wine pairings are thoughtful, inspiring, and spot-on.  We had enough food last night for 4or more -- surprise -- between what we ordered and what the chef sent out, seriously, it was borderline silly.  For a somm, it was a pairing nightmare.  But he paired a lovely white with honey and rosemary nuances that worked with the foie, the pastas, the fish, the charcuterie, the spicy shrimp...When we moved to beef (and oh how we moved to beef...!!) his Il Falcone packed loads of southern charm -- but finesse that surpassed any wine I've ever had from Puglia -- and from a lot of points north, as well  -- was fantastic.  Orgasmic really.  By the time the five desserts came out, one with birthday candle, we really were too full to do more than pray for a wheelbarrow to get us out safely.  But somehow we soldiered through...to discover they even have lovely dessert beverages - we had a mint infused bourbon that paired with that chocolate w/ candle, the chocolate-mint ice cream, as well as the...somehow after this everything is blank...food coma must have set in at this point...It was a flawless evening -- to all of the Carnevino team, thank you for making a chef's birthday dinner one for the memory books.
5	We strolled over to CarneVino Friday night as soon as we rolled into town, walked right up to the empty bar in the middle of the empty restaurant and had a delicious meal. We shared an arugula salad (delicious), pappardelle with three mushrooms (toothsomely riveting), and a medium rare bone-in NY strip (fanfarkingtastic),  I dipped my steak into the truffle vinaigrette and DH dipped his into the house steak sauce. It was all noms. So nommingly good, best noms of the weekend. Nom Nom Nom,,  The bartender indulged us to the highest level byletting us taste all kinds of red wine by the glass to go with our food, even opening one bottle especially when he felt it had been open already too long.  I am simply shocked at how quiet it was, because our experience was stellar.
2	Wanted to try this place because it's from one of the super chefs, Batali.  Wasn't thrilled with the steak but was freaked out by the fascination with fried balls of potato, cheese, bread.  Lots of fried ball things.  I found it odd.
1	What high end restaurant does not serve chardonnay by the glass? I will tell you....it is below sub par joint that lacks quality, service, and experience. From the moment we walked to the host stand I was skeptical. The hostesses were paying more attention to what they were planning to do that evening than getting us a table. Once seated, we noticed that the air conditioning was blowing like a gale wind. When asked if we could move tables, our waitress said it would be like that for every table but that she would get the manager and see if he could turn down the air. While we waited for the hurricane winds to subside we ordered a couple martinis and one of our guests ordered a glass of chardonnay. The waitress then informed her that they did not have chardonnay by the glass but that they had bottles from $110 and up. Once explained that she did not need a bottle since she was the only one out of our group having chardonnay, the waitress asked if she would like to try any of their other whites by the glass. After trying about 10 different wines, none of which were anything comparable to chardonnay, she went with the least offensive. After the chardonnay charade, we all noticed that it El Vino's winds were still a blowing. We asked to see a manager and once graced with his presence (15 minutes later) told him the situation. He apologized but explained that the casino controlled the air. So why were we told that they were turning the air down? By now we were just ready to order some food and hoped it would save the evening. Dinner Breakdown: My mom: SPAGHETTI AI FRUTTI DI MARE - Pasta tasted very good but did not stay hot long. The size of the pasta was very small and should have been listed as an Antipasti. My Girlfriend: FILET MIGNON 8oz - She like the taste of filet very much and said it was cooked perfectly. My father and I: LA FIORENTINA(classic Florentine porterhouse) - The steak was a very good size, definitely was not worth $140. Looked hot when it arrived but after the waiter was done carving the meat, the heat had succumbed to El Vino. The meat was cold, chewy, and for the most part flavorless. Needless to say, we did not have coffee or dessert. I have done two of Mario Batali's restaurants and will not be visiting another. Check out my B&B review coming soon. I will be posting it as soon as I get over the exhaustion of this review.I will say that in no way was this our waitresses fault and she did great for what she had to work with.  Bravo! Gets you 1 star.
3	Wholeheartedly agree with the 3 1/2 stars.  I must admit, it was quite a disappointment and definitely not what I would expect from an "Iron Chef" restaurant.  Was not bad, but not great either.  We had the filet for two off the pre-fixed menu called "pre-theatre" or "post-theatre" menu.  The food was not horrible, but how badly can you screw up a filet?  Service was mediocre at best.  Our server forgot to order our drinks and they didn't come until after the appetizers arrived... and you know, no alcohol in Vegas is like spitting in your food!  So we finally get our bottle of wine during the 2nd course, which already screwed it up.  But once we complained to a staff member, we had like a team of servers swarm us like white on rice.  (Of course, less our server who we saw a twice the entire evening). The filet was prepared adequately, but presentation was not to be desired for. A big white porcelean plate with nothing but a slab of meat on it... no garnish... no little design with the sauce... no nothing.   Based on the service, I would really like to give it 1 1/2 stars, but I have faith in Mario's ability to deliver good food.  We will give it another try in the future with hopefully better results.
5	This is the third Mario Battali place I have dined at. Babbo and Enoteca San Marco being the other two- this was right on par with Babbo!! The hostess was extremely nice without coming across as Vegas cheesy- which happens alot.  Wine list was above average but adnittedly, I am not up to speed on the Italian wines. I decided to venture out and let the sommelier pick based on my likes for the table- he nailed it! Dinner went like this:Clams by the dozen"al Forno" with pancetta and fresno chilies"Zach's chopped salad"beans, pepperoncini, parmigianoRicotta and Egg RavioloDry Aged Bone in RibeyeBone-In New York Strip"spago" with lamb raguthis was shared by 6 guys and we were stuffed afterwards! each dish was exceptional whether it was pasta or meat- which was cooked perfectly! The drizzle of Olive Oil on the steak was perfection as well. It was a little pricey compared to some other places- but worth every penny of it! Will definitely revisit every trip to Vegas- which is a minimum 4 times a year! BIG FAN
5	I have to admit - I'm a Food Network Junkie, but I've never been a big Mario Batali fan. Sorry Mario, I really don't know what I was thinking. Since Carnevino, I've been converted and have another level of appreciation and respect for this Iron Chef and his food. Thank you, Mario. I didn't know I could love Italian food. You've converted me. Our server, JT, was amazing. He knew how to assist us and give us recommendations, without being pushy or overbearing. By the end of our meal, we had exchanged stories about our children and talked a lot about food and wine. This guy knows his food and wine and you can genuinely see that he really enjoys what he does. Kudos to JT. We'll be returning on a future visit and we hope he'll still be there. He explained that the pasta dishes were small appetizer portions. In my opinion - they got this part right. I remember eating in Rome where pasta dishes are one of several small dinner courses. Personally, I don't like eating huge bowls of pasta for fear that the pasta will quickly find it's way to my derriere, so in my book, smaller pasta portions works just fine with me . I started off with the Potato Gnocchi Bolognese while hubby ordered the chicken liver ravioli with a drizzle of aged balsamic vinegar. Who knew such simple dishes could be so complex. We savored the wonderful flavors of our small plates and moved on to our entrees of osso bucco and sweetbreads. While I can't comment on the sweetbreads, the osso bucco was amazingly tender and flavorful. I left the marrow for hubby to enjoy while devouring his sweetbreads, which he claimed were excellent and expertly cooked. Even though we were quite full, JT mentioned the fresh peach doughnuts that were in season. Hubby's face lit up like a little kid when JT described the decadent dish. The pillowy soft doughnuts had a fresh peach filling and were served with a scoop of vanilla bean gelato. Eaten together, the doughnuts, fruit filling and gelato, created a harmonious symphony of textures and flavors in our mouths - warm and crispy, sweet and tart, and creamy and smooth. I usually order chocolate desserts, but this time, I'm glad we listened to JT. Upon bidding farewell to JT, he mentioned that the next time we return, we have to try the steak. Unfortunately, we had eaten at Morel's Steakhouse the night before and also had Wagyu strip steak at Alex's two days before that, so we really didn't want to eat another steak on our vacation. Hubby and I will definitely be back to Carnevino and next time we'll order whatever JT wants us to order.
3	Love Love Love Mario Batali's Enoteca Italian restaurant in the shoppes area of Venetian.  Thought I'd try this restaurant at the Palazzo.Nice decor certainly fitting a steakhouse.  Prices are pretty standard to high compared to most premium steakhouses.  Wine by the bottle is psycho, glasses start at @ $18 each.Starters: prosciutto sliced soooo thin you could see through it.  Served with 3 tiny pieces of melon smaller than my little finger.  Nice presentation though and enough proscuitto ($29.00).  One of the specials was lobster raviloi but they were sold out and substituted for braised short rib ravioli.  Excellent flavor - served in a butter herb sauce.  3 ravs also around $29.00.Entrees: Osso bucco perfectly cooked, topped with a little bit of gremelata, and a small portion of risotto.  Could have made a meal on the risotto, it was very al dente, a little lemony and did not look like it was arborio rice either but it was good.  I think my osso bucco is better however.Another entree was the simple 8oz petite filet cooked medium rare.  It was a very odd looking piece of meat.  When it came sitting in the middle of a huge white plate it didn't even look real.  It had no aroma or evidence of being cooked as in just off the grill.  It was dull.  Cutting into it, there was absolutely no juice.  Weird.  But, still delicious and tender.  Can't explain that. Hmmmm, $45.00 for the filet, $39.00 for the osso bucco.  Didn't really get the connection off the menu to Mario Batali's great Italian works.  But if you go, bring your credit card or lots of money.  Small portions, big prices, but still good.  Additionally, your waiter will give you all the day's additions to the menu which are numerous.
4	Full review in the Blog - only reason for a star off is the paucity of dessert choices at lunch.  At dinner I imagine this place is a solid 5.Arriving toward the end of the lunch hour we entered Carnevino dressed casually - a tad out of place compared to the all black and white clad service staff.  Seated promptly and greeted by Josh nearly the moment we were seated the service never faltered throughout our stay - water was refilled rapidly, dishes served impeccably, and bread service...we'll get to that later.  Browsing around the large room and high ceilings, dark woods, and white tablecloths covering widely spaced tables the restaurant definitely felt very Batali - and the soundtrack of Beatles, Eagles, The Who, and Stones coming from the front of the house left no doubt.My buddies having already begun their daily drinking at the tables and myself a non drinker we all opted for water - water with ice and multiple refills.  After taking orders and heading to the kitchen we were brought the first of a couple rounds of dinner rolls.  Tasting the incredibly complex sweet yet salty and crisp exterior which yielded a pillow-soft interior not unlike a croissant I inquired of our server what exactly constituted these delicious pieces of carbohydrate - lardo, butter, flour, yeast, and "a bit of parmesan" I was informed.Allowed to sit and chat for a while before our mains arrived I joked with my buddies about the fact that we had gone to, arguably, the best steak restaurant in Vegas and neither had ordered a steak - one opting for the Tuna caponata, cocoa agro dolce and the other choosing The Burger with pancetta and onion cheddar and arugula salad.  Stating that steak was a "dinner food' I clearly realized that I needed more epicurean friends.  All joking aside, both of them loved their meal and their dishes looked and smelled excellent  - while my one friend didn't prefer the cocoa accents to his tuna he loved the fish and my other friend stated the burger was the best he'd ever tasted.For myself, the decisions for this meal were based on previous Batali experience and both dishes wowed - as expected.  Served together since neither of my friends opted for an appetizer the first dish was from the dinner anti-pasti menu and was entitled "House-Cured Pastrami" with local duck egg and emerald butter lettuce.  While I generally don't prefer beef textures, particularly "lunch meats" such as pastrami I was told by Mr. Feit that this dish was more like beef bacon and was made from the dry-aged stock of BBL beef.  Trusting his judgement I have to admit this dish was very impressive with the pastrami truly being like a clean and spicy pork bacon in texture - great fattiness and almost melt in the mouth texture despite its somewhat dehydrated nature.  Accompanying the pastrami - a single duck egg sunny side up alongside a delicate and dare-I-say "buttery" lettuce.  Atop the dish was a combination of aged balsamic, olive oil, cracked pepper, and pan juices from the slight pan-kissing of the pastrami.  Breaking the yolk of the egg the dish was given a creamy contrast to the other sharp, spicy, and acidic flavors and truly impressed.The second dish, also requested from the dinner menu, was entitled Sweetbreads "al boscaiolo" which according to my server meant "lumberjack style."  Served with pan seared mixed/chopped mushrooms, fresh peas, spinach, and a reduction of honey, rosemary, and perhaps sage the sweetbreads were perfectly flash fried to retain their creamy texture and without a bit of brine.  Clearly using a bit of salt, pepper, and perhaps cheese in the crispy coating the sweetbreads on their own would have been superb - but pairing their creamy and spicy preparation with the crisp yet mildly sweet greens, woody and smooth mushrooms, and heavily accented honey made the dish a truly one of a kind experience - while not as "refined" as Guy Savoy's preparation the night prior these may have actually been my favorite sweetbread preparation all time - or at least on par with the versions at Alex, Savoy, and (as much as I dislike admitting it) Michael Symon's Lola.Finishing up our meals we were told that the dessert menu at lunch was limited to cheeses and ice creams and as such we deferred - too bad since the peach fritters and roasted spiced dates sounded excellent.  Settling the tab the meal was actually my cheapest lunch or dinner in Vegas yet extremely rewarding.  While I could've certainly done without the Eagles (I hate the f&%ckin' Eagles Man! - Lebowski) the service was excellent and accommodating from e-mail all the way to leaving the restaurant and the food was superb.
4	Exceptional service, wonderful food, and an excellent sommelier. Don't make a reservation before 5:00 (as we did on a Sunday, before an early show), or you'll be seated in the bar with a very limited menu - we left and came back later. The appetizers and pasta were just as good as the steak - which was delicious. Sides were extremely basic and a bit disappointing. Obviously not a great place to bring a vegetarian.
3	More like 3.4 stars.I expected a LOT better from Mario Batali.  I also expected a LOT better for our $100 per person meal.  I'm not saying that any aspect of it was bad, but I think it could have been a lot more pwnage than it was.The one thing that really stood out to me was the pork fat spread that they give you with bread.  It blew my mind and my taste buds away.  When the waiter introduced it to us as pork fat I kind of cringed, but once it went in my mouth, I wanted more!!  (that's what she said)Since Batali is known for his Italian food, we had to get some kind of pasta.  The BF and I ordered the gnocchi bolognese to start, and it was good.  For $16 I wouldn't get it again, but it was tasty.  Our friends shared the ricotta and egg raviolo because they had heard a lot about it, and they thought it was just "interesting."  I took that as a, "Won't get it again."Now, on to the carne!  [note: my friend did order some vino, but I'm no sommelier so I wouldn't know good wine from bad wine.]  My BF and I ordered the rib-eye for two, and it was EPIC (refer to photo).  They have a guy come out with a huge cutting board and knife, and he slices it for you.  Trust me, it is necessary.  This thing was the size of my thorax.  It was very simply seasoned, but it was quality beef so there was enough flavor there to satisfy me.  I know that they want you to really savor the natural flavors of the beef, but it would have been a solid 4 stars with a teeny tiny bit more flavor.My friends LOVED their lamb.  They are both hardcore lamb eaters, and they said that this was the best lamb they have EVER eaten.  If you like lamb at all, I would definitely suggest ordering that.  We also tried the potato and parmesan zeppole side order, and I thought those were really good.  I've never had anything like it, so I enjoyed them a lot.I'll probably come back again to try more stuff when I'm ballin', but that won't be for at least a couple of years.  Damn you grad. school!
4	How can I tell you about the best burger I had eating so far??? Well Its a barolo burger serve with a homemade pancetta... you better choose gorgonzola cheese instead of cheddar... serve with a truffle butter and a chianti mustard... choose the arugula salad for a delicious bitterness taste...  Make sure you drink a nice barbaresco or a barolo with it... It can't get better that this... Boun Provecho!!!
5	First thing I wanted to do while in Vegas this year was get a burger at BLT Burger in the Mirage. But on our way over there from our hotel (Encore...meh) we saw a lunch "special" at Carnevino. $30 for a burger, salad or homemade chips, and 2 drinks (a choice of bloody mary,  Bellini's or Peroni beer, mix and match at will). Yeah, it's a little on the pricey side, but this is Vegas so it's to be expected. First off, the hostess couldn't be nicer. And our server (along with his helper) were also super nice. Even though we all went with the burger special, not once did I feel like they were blowing us off because we didn't order the insane steaks or entrees. Absolutely incredible service. Completely different experience than the one we had a Switch in the Encore. But I'm straying off course. The burger was a mix of 3 different meats, wish I could remember which ones, topped with pancetta and gorgonzola cheese. These burgers were cooked to absolute perfection!!! Nice and medium, exactly how I asked for it. The flavors just make my tastebuds uber happy happy. My side of homemade chips were also excellent. I haven't had a potato chip in years and I couldn't stop eating these. I even stole a few from the better half when she turned away. For my drinks I ordered a bellnio and a Peroni. The bellini was kinda fru-fru (peach and champagne I think) and refreshing but the Peroni was just what I needed to beat the Vegas heat. Absolutely an great experience while popping in for lunch. Would definitely recommend hitting there for lunch if you're around the Palazzo.
4	I only stopped into Carnevino for a late night snack but I enjoyed it very much. I had the carne crudo, which is the chopped to order steak tartare with mushrooms and the heirloom tomato and burrata cheese caprese.  Both were fantastic.  One of the best tartare I've ever had, and who doesn't love burrata?  I also loved the housemade foccacia with lardo instead of butter to spread.  It was intensely flavorful, but not too heavy, and a very nice change from regular butter.  A unique and creative offering.  Definite plus points there.  Service was wonderful, friendly quick and helpful.   I've no complaints!  Would defnintely be back.
3	I really wanted to love this place.  They have a prime location, beautiful room, cool staff... but it's just alright.  To me, it's a place that tries too hard and then falls short of the expectations for it's price point.  The menu tries very hard to be a traditional Italian restaurant, but by name, it's a steakhouse.  Reading the menu, I felt almost dumb because I didn't know what a risretto (or some of the other things) was.  With the bread service, they bring you a nice butter and LARD.  Yes, LARD.  Not only did I not want to spread that on my bread, despite it's very benign presentation, I did not even want to look at it.  There's just a psychological thing about LARD that I just could not get over.  Before I talk about the steaks, I want to compliment the work behind the bar.  I had a very unique and tasty Manhattan.  Excellent flavor, a real highlight of the visit.On to the main course...  They do steaks.  They promote that the cut and age their own steaks.  They offer a unique rub for their steaks.  That all sounds very neat.  What did that give me?  A steak that matches up to the offering that you'd get at an Outback Steakhouse.  Not bad, but also not a $45 8 oz filet.  That unique rub?  Maybe they forgot to put it on?  I sure didn't taste anything distinctive.  Perhaps my palate isn't sophisticated enough, I'd take my own homemade olive oil, garlic and parsley rub and get more Italian flavor than what theirs added (cup of EVOO, 3 bulbs of fresh chopped garlic, 1/4 cup of fresh chopped parsley, salt and pepper if you want to try). The steak was pricey, but fine, cooked to the right temperature, tender.  What was a total miss was the Porcini Bernaise.  For starters, I wouldn't call the sauce completely broken, but it was a little broken when it got out to me.  The part that must have been broken was the part that had all of the flavor because this sauce had none.  You want to charge a $5 premium for a sauce on top of a $45 steak that compares to an Outback offering, then the sauce had better be some wicked good stuff and in this case, the sauce wasn't even good.  Where I do have to give them some credit for culinary inventiveness is on the starch.  I had the mashed potatoes.  They come with some crispy pancetta and a poached egg... really nice stuff.So 3 stars because the quality did not measure up to the price and the concept of the restaurant just tries to hard.
2	i love Mario batalli, i watch all of his shows and had very high expectations.  i was ready to splurge one night, and that was going to be at his restaurant.  i have to say, i was not only disappointed but sad that is was so bad.  i have to agree with mike b..... what's up with the lard and all the different types of fried balls? of course things taste better when they're fried, but that was a bit much.  my husband got a black linguini with crap..... i mean crab meat.  it smelled so bad he couldn't eat it.  i got the gnocchi which was probably the worst i've had - major heartburn from nasty sauce.  i didn't really appreciate the waiter either. he was giving us a guilt trip about the portion size because we were picking the smaller plates since it was already so expensive.  and what's up the the mexican waiter with the fake italian accent?  it was actually comical.  anyways, sorry mario but thumbs down on this one.
4	I went on November 7th with 2 friends.  The 3 of us had a reservation and had to wait about 20 minutes when we arrived.  We got a bottle of wine in the bar and then were seated.  Overall the service was OK, the server forgot our gnocchi and then brought us a 1/2 order after we had received our entre and still charged us, the Porter House for 2 ($140).  We also had the lobster ($60) app and the orecchiette ($32).  We also took the servers recomendation on a bottle of Cabreo Il Borgo '06 ($125).  Our total bill was $600 (including tax and tip).  It was a great meal but not didn't live up to the high price point.  Oh yeah we also got seated next to Tera Patrick (porn star).  My buddy couldn't stop staring at her, so that made for some fun conversation.
2	I was so excited to eat at this place.  I ate at babo and loved it.i went with two friends.the wine list was great and the server let me try two to decide what i wanted.  i liked that.the bread, butter and lardo was great.i asked the waiter for his favorite pasta and he recommended the beef cheek ravioli.  i love it when a waiter has an opinion.my friends ordered a strip well done and filet medium.my rav came out.  it had no impact on the plate.  no garnish and a small portion.  it was good, not great.my friends steaks were way underdone.the fliet which was supposed to be medium was Medium rare to rare.the sirloin was was medium/medium rare.they both sent them back.the filet was still a bit underdone.the strip was still medium.  my friend sent it back one more time.we finished our meals before he got his steak back.they comped a dessert which was great - trio of gelatos and comped one glass of wine.the service was great, but the food was disappointing.
3	We were totally looking forward to eating here, after I had great food at Babbo in NYC, sadly we were very disappointed.  Our steaks came out RARE.  Totally charred on the outside and not cooked enough on the inside... It was a really fatty cut of rib eye... Our waiter was really pushy.  He kept insisting on us ordering appetizers because "the steaks take a really long time to come out."  We weren't that hungry so we decided to skip out on that.  16 minutes later our steak came out, not cooked to how we liked, although we had a beautiful presentation.  For a little over $100 per person.. we would not go back...Oh and our waiter also insisted that we get some desserts even though we didn't finish our meal...
5	If I was a good girl (which I'm not most of the time), and I died (which will happen one day) I would end up at Carnevino for the rest of my life.Nestled between three (no four, no six) of my most favorite things (craps, blackjack, the schlots, and the strip bitches)is Carnevino, tucked under the back escalators of The Palazzo . With high ceilings, huge windows, and an intimate, darker settling, Mario Batali has cooked up some of the best food I've have ever had. EVER! I repeat EVER! Carnevino is a must have on my list every time I visit my home away from home, the city of sin. With delicious starters, like petite fried cheeseballs delicately wrapped in a napkin with amazingly fresh butter, your palate begins to sing while reading the menu. The fresh mozzarella with heirloom tomato salad was incredible. The cheese had flavor I haven't had since Italy. The olive oil by itself was flavorful, delicate, rich, but didn't overpower anything. The basil was perfect and aromatic beyond belief.And then came the pasta. Parpardelle with porcini mushrooms with a fresh reggiano grated on top that was to die for. Perfectly al dente, with amazing texture and flavor, I ate until I thought I would throw up, literally. His steak, the larger fillet mignon was done to perfection, black and blue. Beautiful and pink in the inside, charred on the outside, plated, alone on a large white plate. Nothing, just the steak of perfection, seated, alone. You can choose a variety of sauces to come with the meat, he, choosing after my favorites, opted for the black truffle sauce. We expected a flavored truffle oil, but no, a full gravy sized dish came, laden with amazing petite pieces of black truffle, all nestled at the bottom. When he looked left, I dug into the sauce with my spoon, and it was true. They were pieces of truffle, no essence, not shavings, but pieces. I was in heaven. I could die now, or maybe after I make 50K at craps first. We were too full, and couldn't eat anymore, but our server, who I have had many times, recommended the pumpkin doughnuts. Anyone who knows me can answer the question, "If Danielle had 24 hours to live, what would she eat?" and answer with confidence, "Doughnuts". Is that your final answer? Well, maybe doughnuts and truffles, but separately of course.The tiny doughtnut hole sized bites were fried pieces of perfection. Crispy, covered with sugar and cinnamon, with a thick, rich pumpkin interior. It was like the best pumpkin pie you've ever had, on crack, mixed with a doughnut. Amazing! It took twenty minutes to get up from the table after that.But craps was calling me, and you know what I'm like when I gamble. I only stop to pee, drink, smoke, and eat, at Carnevino of course.
5	I've never been much of a Mario Batali fan and after reading some of the reviews of Carnevino I was a little apprehensive about trying it. But, I decided to give it a shot anyway and I'm thrilled that I did. I think it was the best steak I've ever had. Now, I haven't been to any of the other big name steak houses in Vegas, but from my limited experience at fine-dining steakhouses I do have to say that it was fabulous.The restaurant looks very formal with it's high ceilings, dark wood, white linens, and ornate interior. And the service started off as very formal and a little cold. But by the end it was an extremely enjoyable experience all around (maybe the wine had something to do with that).The beef tasting menu looked impressive, but we decided to order a la carte:- Tuna crudo: thinly sliced pieces of tuna and yellowtail adorned one side of the plate and a stack of potatoes and radishes (?) with pomegranate seeds on the other. We had to construct each bite by putting the separate ingredients together.  It was a playful dish that was delicious and different. I could have eaten 2 or three of those things.- Pappardelle: fresh pasta and tasty mushrooms. It was a perfect size for a pasta dish to share- Butternut squash, fregola, and parmigano reggiano: a perfect side dish with great flavor.- Sauteed mixed mushrooms: this was probably my least favorite dish of the night. The mushrooms were a little too chewy for my liking and too oily and buttery. - Filet w/lobster: As other review mention, steaks are brought out on a cart and sliced in front of you. Our server made the slicing and plating of it look effortless. They're very formal in the way that they do it, making sure to pick up the sliced filet using one hand holding both a fork and spoon (kinda like chop sticks). After the filet was plated, our server finished it off with a touch of salt and a little bit of olive oil. The filet was cooked perfectly (medium to medium rare), seasoned just right, and was the most tender cut of beef I've ever had. The lobster tasted great but wasn't mind-blowing.- Desserts: We had two desserts. One was like a chocolate mousse... I don't remember the description... it was good but not spectacular. However, the second dessert was. The pumpkin-filled donuts were unbelievable! I wanted to eat a whole bowl full of those little guys. The donuts were warm and moist and the pumpkin filling was like eating the best pumpkin pie ever.Our server, Phoenix, was great. She gets high marks for not laughing at me as I mispronounced "Aragone" and "paperdelle." What can I say... I'm asian not Italian. We ordered wine by the glass and she was a little heavy on the pour, which was an added bonus. It was a great experience all around... great food, service and wine. If you have left overs they'll give you a ticket so you can pick them up at the hostess station on the way out. If you're a local make sure you ask for the discount. We got 15% off our bill. woohoo!
4	Disclaimer: I came here after consuming a 1/2 yard of Long Island and 10-12 shots of Patron over a 6 hour time period.It was easy to get resses here so we decided to run downstairs and grab dinner. I ordered the 20oz porkchop (being drunk, they asked how i wanted it cooked and i said "rare"). I also ordered a spinach side.The food came out quickly and we started eating. I looked down at my plate and all I saw was a huge pork chop.So, onto the tasting. I remember that the pork chop had a WONDERFUL sweet char on the outside and the meat in the inside was tender and delicious. It was THE BEST PORK CHOP I have ever eaten hands down. The portion size was large and the quality of the meat was excellent. The spinach was just that, spinach. Nothing special, it was good and it was cooked well.I loved everything about carnevino except they charged us 4 or 7bux/pp for tap water. That is all.
5	Had the burger brunch with two perfectly made bloody marys and it was perfect and spot on.  Our burgers were perfectly made and HUGE.  The gorgonzola cheese and italian ham on it was a delicious combination.  I was pretty drunk by the end of the meal, so I did not flinch much at the $80 price tag for two.  Our servers were really nice and infomative.  I am now a Batali fan!  Its a beautiful restaurant, I just wish there was one back home in San Jose!
5	Holy crap this place is incredible! Just amazing.I had:White Truffle PastaNY Strip with Black Truffle vinagarette Several glasses of the TempernilloMy best friend had:Spicy Meat Pasta (can't recall name)8oz FiletSeveral glasses of the CabernetWe left stuffed, tipsy and quite happy.  I can't wait to go back.
4	Location: in venetian/palazzo walkway.  We stayed at the venetian in a suite, B&B was already taken, so we went to the other mario batali restaurant in the hotel.Food: we had a party of 9.  Ribeye (each order is for 2 people at 65 per person, NY strip, Filet mignon ($40), lambchops)  For sides we got the SPINACH WITH GARLIC & HOT PEPPERS, SAUTEED MIXED MUSHROOMS WITH CIPOLLINI ONIONS, MASCARPONE & GUANCIALE MASHED POTATOES (sorry for the caps, i copy/pasted from the website, forgot what the sides were called and what was included).  Each side is for a portion for 2 ppl to share, so we got 2 orders of each of the previous sides.  Each of the sides were recommended by the waiter.  Personally i liked the mushroom with cipollini onions the best, the onions were absolutely amazing.  As for the entrees, noone was dissapointed.  I heard "best lamb chops ever".  The rib eye had insane marbling, and was cooked to perfection.  The CV steak sauce that we got with the steaks tasted like a vinegrette based with rosemary and other herbs infused.  Ive had better steak sauce before.  Also the ribeye comes with a massive bone, which they give to you.  On it has meat as well, the meat was very good, with a beef jerky like flavor but obviously much more delicious.Price: for the party of 9, and 6 sides with a bottle of wine, 1 appetizer (cured meats), no dessert.  Comes out to be about 100/person.  almost a thousand total.  kind of pricey, but noone complained about it being overpriced, meaning they all thought they got their moneys worth.Service: excellent. period.Overall: great food, sides could use improving, but the entrees more than makes up for it.  The quality of the ribeye is probably the best Ive ever had.  If the sides were up to par, it would easily get 5 stars.
5	We were here for Christmas Eve.  I wish I remembered the name of our waiter, as I really enjoyed him, but unfortunately I forget his name.  We each did the prix fix meal at $49 a person that included a salad, 8 oz filet mignon, and dessert.  We then added in two pasta dishes and their version of steak frites.  We had a $108 bottle of wine and I had a cocktail.  Grand total = $300.  Not too bad as it was a lot of food and very tasty.  Aside from the steaks and salad, we tried the black fettucini which was awesome - odd combo (black pasta, jalapeno's, crab, caramelized shallots) and a special lobster ravioli.  The lobster ravioli's were good but not my favorite - I just would not try them again and out of everything we had that night I liked them the least.  The steak frites were amazing.  I know, I know.... just potatoes but really garlicky and salty.... mmmm.  Dessert was caramel gelato for me - which was not too sweet and a nice way to end the meal.  The boyfriend had the apple sorbet.I think some of the complaints about this restaurant taking too long are from people that don't go to "nice" restaurants very often.  Anytime you go to a fancier restaurant, expect your dinner to last about 2 hours.Only thing we decided we weren't that enthusiastic about was the fact this place was so close to the casino floor.  Didn't really like eating my meal with the sound of slot machines in the background or watching over the casino floor.
4	Warning: If you want to be able to eat here and live with yourself, you'll have to dumb yourself down a bit and pretend you don't understand the word "lardo" when you read it on the menu. Are you ready? Good.That said . . . Helloooooo, beef carpaccio with "warm lardo crostini." LOVED that this was one of the pre-theater menu antipasti offerings. So delicious. I have to admit, I was less slightly less charmed by my main course -- the pappardelle with porcini, served with a fresh grating of parmesano-reggiano (chef's suggestion) -- than I was with the first. It's hard to follow a tender meat-and-lardo pairing with truffles and pasta, no matter how perfectly al dente that pasta may be. It is even more difficult -- if not impossible -- to then be delighted by a simple gelato/sorbet. The texture doesn't follow, the flavor doesn't quite match; nothing is really right about the arrangement.So I left with mixed feelings about Carnevino. On the one hand, my departing taste was that of bland, "espresso"-flavored gelato (flavor not really recommended). On the other hand, it's nearly a week later, and I still drool every time I think about the carpaccio or the delightful tuscan fries my husband had with his filet. Perhaps skipping the dessert would just be your best option.
3	So this being our last night in Vegas, we decided to treat ourselves to fine wine and dine. We decided on the meat sampler, which includes 4 samples of meat and a dessert. In order to do this, the entire table must participate. The service was lacking because it took the waiter 20 minutes to come around and take our order. The food was overrated and overpriced. The bill was 125 per person, including tips. Ehhh it couldve been better.
2	We ate here on the lunch of New Year's Eve 2010. My ribs were burnt (black charred, inedible) and my dining partner's $40 steak was cooked unevenly. They comped  my ribs and drink but still charged me for the salad that they asked if I wanted instead of the ribs. The waiter said they were slammed preparing for the New Year's evening rush, but it's still unacceptable. One positive is that the Carne Cruda was good. Overall restaurants in Vegas don't have to care about repeat customers.
5	This was damn good!  I'm not much of a red meat eater but yet I polished off my portion of the dry aged rib eye for 2.  It was seared so that the meat had a nice little crust, the meat was super juicy and oh so flavorful.  We also ordered their special of the night lobster tortellini with lobster tail on top.  It was delish but we didn't ask the price before we ordered it and when we saw the price on the check it was pretty hefty.  This isn't a "moderate" priced restaurant, but you do get what you pay for.  We also had the pumpkin filled doughnuts or something like that for dessert and that was also very tasty.  Overall I would come here again if visiting Vegas.
5	This place is amazingly delicious -- had a 4-person party that ordered the 2-person Ribeye, the Lamb Chops and the daily special, a lobster pasta soup sort of affair.  The meat is amazingly juicy, cooked perfectly.   I don't usually write on the internet really embarassing things, but the lamb was so good that I kept making those Rachael Ray YUMMO faces.  And I always make fun of people on the Food Network who do that!  But when you have a huge plate of perfectly cooked lamb at your command, there's nothing you can do but make a face and go Mmmmm.  Even the calamari was done right, a dish so easily screwed up at most restaurants.The drinks we ordered were well-mixed and my only complaint is that 70%+ of the wine list was insanely expensive for a $45ish entree place.  I mean, really.  Expensive.  This place is delicious, and your waiter will treat you amazing.   Try it!
2	After dining out at many of Batali's restaurants with my BF (B&B last time in Vegas, Babbo, Lupa, Mozza, and San Marco the night before), I was hoping that Carnevino would be top notch as well.  A quick glance at the menu revealed the main event: a bone-in ribeye for 2.  What we didn't notice, was the details on the pricing.  Instead of the eye-popping $130 that surprised us on the check, the menu lists it as a reasonable $65 then in a lighter font, (per person).  We ordered that a few drinks and pancetta bruxells sprouts.  The ribeye came out, and it turned out to be mostly bone, and less eye.  It was carved and we each got about 4 2-bite pieces.  While not as good as Hyde Park (nor as good as the Babbo version), it was quite tasty with good char and still quite rare inside.  The bruxells sprouts were good, but had way too much mustard which overwhelmed the sprouts and pancetta.  We were still hungry and tried to carve whatever meat remained from the bone, then asked for the check.   That's when we got the full pricing on the ribeye and were like WTF!  Our waiter (who was nice), fetched the manager.  She explained that the pricing was quite clear on the menu, that its a 30 oz ribeye (more like 8oz when you don't consider the bone, unlike most bone-in ribeyes that have a moderate ratio of meat:bone) and they are very proud of their product and their pricing, and I said its still deceptive pricing to list the number as $65 while all the 1-person steaks are listed below similarly, and that even Babbo doesn't charge that much for their ribeye, further, the edible portion was tiny and might be worth the $65 but certainly not $130 EVER.  She grudgingly offered to take off our $25 in drinks.  After we left, and today, I have some new data points that are useful.  Babbo's ribeye for two is indeed $70 and comes with roasted potatoes (and is significantly larger and better than this one was). Today, looking at the yelp info on Carnevino, I come across a picture of the menu that shows the old menu, and in that picture the price is indeed $135 for the ribeye, but it is actually listed  on the menu as such.  Presumably, they changed it to deceive and sucker in more people.  As such, I think I may just have to dispute the charge with Amex, and furthermore, if that is the way they do business, I am going to give a very hard look at ever going back to a Batali establishment.
3	Outside of the bad service and the overly rude hostess the food is actually pretty good, but there are better places in Vegas for steak.
4	Meat is murder... yummy delicious murder.  Cliff notes version for NY eaters that have certain expectations for a Batali restaurant, you won't be disappointed if you're ready to pay the "Vegas tax."I went during a weekday night during Vegas low season... and this is a Vegas restaurant so I expected it to lean toward a bit more expensive than normal.  And we didn't wait for a table... just strolled in and the seated us immediately.  (We originally wanted to go to Bouchon but it was closed for a private event)You'll notice how a lot of people complain about cost.  I'm sure fellow New Yorkers will find the prices comparable to some of the better steakhouses in the city.  Probably about 10% more than if it was in the city than in Vegas... which is understandable if they want to maintain the quality.  And the food itself?  Excellent.  The pastas were all, in the words of my gf... "very well executed."  And they definitely were... the fish was good and my osco buco... best I've ever had.  So far, nobody was able to beat my gf's homemade.  Until now.  She admitted defeat it was that good.  Portions?  Not HUGE but boy... the meal was FILLING.  Portions may not be typical west coast huge... but they weren't small.  I'd say they're just about right for us fat Americans out east.  Even the rosemary bread at the beginning of the meal (served with both lardo!) was nomnomnom.  I had a taste of the trout special, as well as a taste of the two other pastas we ordered.  We also had two sides, sweet potatoes and "Tuscan" fries (basically roasted & fried potato slices).  Everything was cooked just right, al dente pastas, moist fish and meat.    Though they made a small mistake with a few crab shell pieces in my gf's pasta, (not the chef's fault but more prep's fault) they treated us to dessert.  And the dessert was also great though we were so stuffed, the four of us couldn't really eat more than a few bites.  Batali and Bastanich hire good chefs and staff.  Service was quite good. Pretty attentive, helpful when called upon though the runners were a bit clueless.  They called our trout dish "salmon" causing confusion.  And later, the misstep by the prep staff with leaving crab shells with the meat.  Treating us to dessert was a nice gesture.If the restaurant ran to perfection, I would have gone with 5 stars with the Vegas expensiveness held in account.  If they opened this restaurant in NYC with those prices, I wouldn't go over 4, even with perfect execution.  There is value to be had in the menu, you just have to find it.We didn't have any wine, but yes, the list was pricey.  I had a beer and that selection was nicely paired with the fare offered.That being said... veal is still yummy in my tummy.  That's why they get 4, otherwise, it would have been 3 because of the borderline QPR.
5	OMG, the food here is insanely delicious!  Love the attentive but not smuthering service.  The ciabatta bread is one of my fav, besides the steak of course... beef capaccio, mmmm mmmm melts in your mouth good, and the date cake is out of this world!!! A few things however, were so so... I'd definitely think twice about ordering the following sides- Tuscan fries sure had the yummy garlic smell, but isn't as tasty as it smelled, then the poached egg mascarpone mashed potatoes, ok but again, nothing extraordinary, though good to try since it's a bit different, the cheese balls were too salty and the nougets, omg were too sweet!  Would defintely dine there again!  Ask for Mark, he was a great host
2	Too much meat and not a big deal. :) Not sure why the guys liked it so much.
3	The BF took me here for my birthday because Mario Batali is one of my favorite chefs and I have been to his other restaurant B&B as well as Babbo in New York.  For drinks I chose the blood orange martini (yum), and the BF got a Peroni beer (pretty good).  Our waiter listed the specials and immediately I was set on the foie gras with freshly shaved white truffles (two off my obsession list).  Glazed and perfectly tasty.  Even at $50 a pop, I was tempted to get another!  I resisted and awaited my entree of lamb with a side of butternut squash and the seafood pasta.  My BF got the veal.  The lamb was surprisingly a large portion (3 double chops).  The pasta was not very good unfortunately... It did come with a good amount of seafood, which was overcooked and the pasta was a little too al dente for my taste.  My BF said the veal was OK.  The butternut squash side was not what I was expecting, but was good.  The bill came out to around $300 with tax and tip (we tipped about 25% - service was good and it's not his fault the food was bad!).  The foie gras was worth the trip, but maybe next time we will go to B&B or have the BF stick to the steak, which I hear is pretty good.   All in all, I was pretty disappointed, but then again, we did go to a steak house and did not get the steak.  Or maybe I'm too spoiled by the AMAZING food in New York.
5	Excellent!  Service, food, it has it all and  is a lovely place for lunch.
5	I rarely give five stars but this place was so ridiculously great I wonder if I was drugged...I went there with a few work mates, and we ordered several plates to share, the most significant being the rib-eye for two (http://static.px.yelp.com/bphoto/Iqfr9ysZ1YWg2m3St6ET1Q/l), the squid ink pasta, and an awesome bottle of Amarone wine.To finish it off was the date cake and the grapa sampler...This was an AMAZING culinary experience, equal only to the service we got. If you get the chance, and you have a couple hundred to blow, this is a must do.
5	We passed Cut and decided to give this place a try after learning that it was named #1 steakhouse in Vegas by Vegas Weekly.  We got here after a 7pm show and thought that we would have no problems securing a table after 9pm.  The place was booked and the next available table is another hour  away.  However, we were told that the casual dining tables were available and better yet...there's a 20% discount for late night dining.We ordered the squid ink dyed fettuccine with dungeness crab, a  side of mascarpone mashed potato with half cooked boiled egg (mashed at your table) and  of course the famous rib eye steaks for 2 and a blood orange cosmo.   We were offered the Reserva (extra aged steaks)  but opted for the  dry aged rib eye instead.  It was truly mind blowing.  If U're a steak lovers like myself, U must try this.   The mashed potato was the best I've had.  My hubby thinks the mashed potato at Craftsteaks was better but he did love the rib eye at this place. Total tab including tips was $180 (net of discount) and big glass of nice red was on the house for my birthday.    The place was busy so service was slow.  We were not in a hurry so it was OK with us.
2	Not too impressed with the bone-in ribeye for a joint that specializes in steak. I think that the trend these days for upscale steak joints is for the restaurant staff to cut the steak for you tableside and serve the bone on seperate plate, a-la Peter Lugers.The steak lacked flavor and could have been more tender. It seems a little ridiculous that if you would like one of their sauces it is an additional $5 on top of the $65 you pay for the a la cart steak.I did enjoy my Osso Buco with Saffron orzo which was a reasonable $35 I believe. My group also shared a steamed lobster appetizer that was accompanied by some fried stuffed squash blossoms that was pretty yummy, albeit for the price of $60.I didn't care for the bread with the lardo, I preferred the butter. The little complimentary fried cheese bread balls tasted like extremely salty cheez-its.The side spinach was boring and overpriced at $9 and the waiter recommended eggy mashy potato thing was not memorable, literally. I don't even remember what it taste like or looked like.We ordered 2 bottles of Joe Bastianich vino at $80/bottle. I have to say they were very good. Probably marked up 400%I'm glad I tried this spot because I'm a huge fan of Mario and Joe's mother Lidia but I won't be coming back here anytime soon.
5	Freakin' good!  Maybe it's what people order or when we go, but we weren't disappointed with a thing.  Started off with the focaccia bread that they pass around, nice and hot.  We shared the chopped salad, it had the right amount spice with chopped jalapenos, crisp romaine, shaved and chopped parmesan cheese.  One salad was enough to share between two people.  I had the black fettucini with crab, jalapenos and a garlic like sauce.  I wasn't spicy, but the flavors blended very nicely.  He ordered the filet mignon with the crab bernaise sauce on top.  He said it was one of the best steaks he has eaten ever.  We shared the mashed potatoes side dish.  Ohhhhh, so good.  Mashed potatoes with marscapone cheese and a soft cooked egg, a little bacon, stirred together and it was like eating heaven.  For dessert we shared cookies for one and espresso gelato.  A great finish to a fantastic meal.We did see a lot of people ordering the ribeye, but the filet looked ten times better.
2	Just ate there last night and left extremely disappointed.  While the steaks were good, I found the appetizers and side dishes way off base and very salty.  The Brussel sprouts with prosciutto side dish was so salty they did not charge me for the dish.  The same can be said for the potato & parmigiano zeppole. So for me, any steak house can cook prime steaks - it's all about the accompany dishes that allows one restaurant to outshine others. Unfortunately, Carnevino falls short from my experience.
5	Fantastic place!  My wife and I went here for Valentines dinner.  Everything was great and the prices weren't so ridiculous...about what I thought I would pay and they also gave us a 15% locals discount!  On a Sunday night!!  Awesome.  Started w/ the steak tartare...my wife and I loved it.  We've been to some places w/ great tartare like Craftsteak but this was done in a really unique way.  Whatever olive oil they used to mix is really brought out the flavor in the whole thing.  Each bite was great and I could've eaten that as an entree.We decided to split a small pasta course and got the ricotta and egg ravioli w/ some brown butter sauce on top.  $21...for one ravioli!!  But it was one damn good ravioli..perhaps the best I've ever had...maybe I just tried to convince myself of this due to the obscene price though...My wife is a filet mignon woman all the way and if that's what she wants for V-day..that's what she's gonna get.  Even though I was dying for the ribeye for 2.  I was thinking how wrong it would've been had I just ordered a ribeye for 2 for myself.  What a pig I would've been hahaha.  Most tables around us got it and it looked so friggin good.  I also got the filet since I'm not into paying a lot for NY strip.  The filet was incredible.  I'm not sure how this steak was prepped or aged or whatever but it was very clear that the quality was very high.  There was a unique kind of tenderness to the filet unlike any other I've had.  I'm going back and I'm getting the ribeye for 2 next time.  No question about it.
3	Overall: 3.5 stars, rounded down to 3 stars because of the unjustified price mark up.A note on price:  Things definitely are more expensive in Las Vegas.  While it is annoying, I try not to let it affect too much of my review, since paying more in LV comes with the territory.  That being said, the cost was slightly more than it needed to be even with a mark up and hence I've rounded down my review.  This place was the most expensive steak I ever had.This is definitely a nice restaurant -- this is the type of place you come for an occassion.  Jackets aren't required, but you want to look nice as this is a white table cloth type of place.The food here was good.  I ordered the 12 oz filet which came out cooked to my specifications (medium).  Often I've found places to err on the side of going too rare for my tastes, but this place cooked their steak right.  The meat was the size of a baseball -- a delicious baseball.The side dishes were good -- we had one of the potato dishes and a broccoli side.  Both were good, but the portion sizes were TOO SMALL.  The server said that a side dish would feed two people, but that was not the case at all.  Basically, one side dish per person here and each one runs around $12.I had a mint infused manhattan as a beverage and it was great.  A nice take on a classic beverage as the mint gave it a nice refreshing flavor.Service was nice and friendly, though they were a little skimpy on the bread.  I basically had to keep asking for my bread.  What can I say?  I love bread.A nice experience, but for the money, better deals are out there in Vegas.
5	Went during my honeymoon and we went with the chef's tasting menu.  It was a real treat.  Beef cheek ravioli with a touch of 200 year old balsamic vinegar.  The recommended preparation for everything was rare.  Our server was extremely friendly and did a great job guiding us through the several courses of our meal.If your budget is tight, you could share one order of the wine pairing to go along with the tasting menu.  The pours are generous enough to share with each course.My only regret was that we had show tickets for Jersey Boys immediately following and we got a little rushed.  That was my error though in timing.  Learn from my mistake and leave yourself plenty of time to enjoy.
1	My buddy's been ranting about how great this place.  But even he said it was pretty bad this time.I was disappointed.  If you have high blood pressure, the level of salt will kill you.  Buddy even complained to the manager about the oversalting of several dishes. Maybe the chef was sick and couldn't taste the salt.Proper seasoning is very important.  Good meat ruined.At least the wine was good.
4	Big big fan. Another expensive meal in Las Vegas but this was truly exceptional and worth the $$. The decor is what would expect for Mario - masculine, dark-ish, library-type walls, wine as far as the eye can see. Really attractive. Service was so enjoyable - a charming waiter who knew everything he should and then some. He stated he was from the South and his manners matched. If every server could be like him dining out would be so pleasurable all the time. To start - a carpaccio "salad" if you will. Thins slices over arugula dressed with an amazing balsamic and some parmigiana reggiano. It was a special that evening and it was special. We had the orecchiette with sweet sausage and broccoli rabe and the potato gnocchi bolognese second. Both were delicious. Pasta done to perfection, sausage and bolognese both so flavorful and simple. Next I had the 12 oz filet. She had the 20 oz bone-in chop. Meat was cooked to perfection, perfect seasoning, and plating was beautiful. Portion was equal to the price we both felt. For sides = mascarpone mashed potato and roasted butternut squash. The mashed potatoes are served with a poached egg on top that you break and then mix in. It's out-of-this-world delicious. I was just sad that there wasn't a larger dish of them. Wine was amazing - the list is crazy extensive and our new Southern friend navigated it with us very well. Dessert was 3 flavors of gelato and a cappuccino. Mario hits it out of the park again. Can't wait to return.
5	I've been here on three separate occasions and every time I come here, it seems to get better and better. The way I seem to think of this place is that its simply prepared food but done right. Its probably not the most accurate description but by this I mean that its not too many different flavors or seasoning added to food yet its simple ingredients such as salt and pepper used to draw out the natural flavors of the steaks and other meals. The wine list is pretty decent and the sommelier seems pretty knowledgeable. The last time we were here the sommelier recommended a bottle of French Cru for us, something us loyal Napa Valley wine drinkers would rarely do. We liked it a lot though so we'd have to say he made a good choice. Good overall service here as well. We've never had to wait too long for anything and always feel pretty well taken care of here. One of my absolute favorite dishes I've had here and had anywhere in recent memory is the steak carpaccio. To be honest, I'm not exactly sure what it is, perhaps some type of raw meat so maybe its better I don't know. But all I know is it was really good! I'd definitely recommend it. I almost always order filet mignon at steakhouses and Carnevino is no exception. I get medium, no blood, probably more overcooked than a true meat eater prefers but I think the steak is perfect here. Not over seasoned, just done right. A definite must is their mashed potatoes for the side dish. I'm not sure of the name of it but its the potato dish where they add an egg to it at your table. It's probably raised my cholesterol level but it's worth it! The only weak point I've noticed about this restaurant is the desserts. However, I'm usually pretty full by the dessert anyway so it doesn't bother me too much but it is a bit of a let down. I specifically remember the panna cotta and some sort of date cake and both were merely okay and paled in comparison to the rest of the meal. The desserts are a little too bland for me. However, I don't think I can fathom deducting a star for that since the rest of the meal more than makes up for it.
4	This was my 2nd time at Carnevino and the first experience was definitely better than the second.I'll just describe the meat. I've had appetizers both trips, but it wasn't a must have. The first time, they had a special with tomatoes and avocados, but unfortunately, that's not on their everyday menu. Everyone's favorite seems to be in the Bone-in Ribeye. It's a dish that 2 people share ($60/per person) and I really enjoyed it. They bring it out to you and slice it and plate it for you at the side of the table. They also leave the big bone for you to nibble on. I also tried the Filet and it's good. I still prefer the Ribeye, but the Filet isn't a bad option if no one wants to share the Ribeye with you.Overall, Carnevino is good. You definitely can't compare it to some place like CUT. I was constantly doing that and the bf reminded me that they're on different levels. Definitely check it out if you're in Vegas.
3	I was super excited to try this restaurant after seeing it featured on a Rachel Ray show on the Food Network. I actually had dreams about the place in the weeks prior to visiting. It just did not live up to my expectations. I expected the price because I had seen the menu on the restaurant's website but I wasn't expecting the portions to be so small. The place was empty yet we were seated directly behind a bronze bull statue. Guess what our anatomically correct view was of... My boyfriend ordered lamb which he said was pretty good and I ordered a entree pasta dish which I found to be really unappetizing. Our waiter was very friendly but he kept visiting our table to chat with us. I found this to be a little uncomfortable and distracting to our supposed romantic dinner.
5	We hit up Carnevino for a very late lunch the day we got into Vegas, and were very happy that a friend had recommended this lovely Batali location.  Despite the fact that it's situated in The Palazzo, at the far end of the strip, it was well worth the death hike.  I can only speak for the Taverna (open noon to who knows when) - sadly, we could not afford dinner here.  :)We got the infamous hamburger and a pastrami sandwich, splitting each.  The burger came with some with crispy pancetta and bleu cheese, and I believe some grilled onions.  My husband swears it's the best burger he's ever eaten ($19).  The pastrami ($18) was house-cured and very good - the sandwich's mustard overpowered it somewhat, but the meat itself was excellent.  The burger came with boring, from-a-plastic-bag chips, but never fear - we got a side of the Tuscan "fries" - really fingerling potatoes cut in half and roasted, then coated with garlic and parmesan.Handily enough, if you order an entree before 5pm, you can also get two beers, bellinis, or bloody marys for $11 - we got the bellinis, and they were extremely tasty.  Smelled like a peach orchard.  :)  They also served us fresh focaccia that was was warm and basted with salt water and truly wonderful.The decor was full of rich wood, marble flooring, and friendly, warm lighting.  It was like being in a very cozy, 5 star dining room (go figure).  We also watched wine being VERY properly decanted (two decanters and prepared glasses) at the table next to us.  I would love to try some of their steaks for dinner - I'm sure the experience would have been divine.  Batali and his friend created a wonderful space that has something to offer every visitor, regardless of their income.  Stop by for a snack, if nothing else!  It's worth a visit!
5	I was always intrigued to come eat here as I am a Mario Batali fan and I enjoyed one of his other restaurants tremendously. I finally decided to make reservations and I took my mom. I ordered the filet as I normally do at steakhouses and they swayed me into trying their dry aged rib eye. I must say it was the best steak I ever had. The dry aging made it hard to cut but when I would take a bite it just melted in my mouth and the most wonderful flavor of any steak I've ever had. I've had Wagyu beef that didn't hold a candle to this steak.We also had a squid ink pasta as a starter which was beautiful. It was a steakhouse so we had to have a nice big glass of red wine which tied everything together. The service was wonderful, the food was wonderful and I will come back.
2	I realize that Vegas and overpriced go hand in hand, particularly when wining and dining on the Strip, but among my dining experiences in this city I'd rank this in the lower percentile when justifying the hit my bank account takes.  It boiled down to service and overall value.We were lured in by Mario Batali's name being on the door.  We were greeted and seated promptly in a low-lit dining room of dark, rich wood and wine lining the back wall.  The entire albums of Keane and U2 played during the course of our meal, which I found not to fit with the intended ambience, but oh well.While our server was friendly and seemed knowledgeable, beginning with ordering our wine I felt like he would suggest nothing but the most expensive things on the menu.  For example, after passing on a $21 glass of chardonnay and inquiring about another good white wine, I was referred to the $18 option.  And so it continued with our entrees--apparently we would be missing the holy grail not to have ordered every single course, including the $65 ribeye--so when my dining companion and I honed in on pasta (we had eaten on the plane and weren't starving), our server seemed put off, even moreso when we chose the appetizer size.  I even got the "Are you sure?  You're only going to get this much [gesturing to the bread plate]."  At that point, yes--I was very sure.That aside our meal was pretty enjoyable.  We started by sharing the cured meats plate and Zach's chopped salad, which was full of flavor with beans, parmesean and just the right amount of dressing.  For the entree my dining companion had black fettucine with crab and jalapeno, and I had the potato gnocchi, which was OK but could've had a little more flavor.  May I add it arrived on a plate larger than the bread plate.Overall, I feel like the experience didn't live up to the name.  Sorry, Mario.
5	I've eaten at Carnevino a couple of times in the lounge area where I've ordered from the less expensive bar menu, and have been thoroughly impressed (they have a better fancy burger than Bradley Ogden, if you ask me) so my husband and I decided to eat in the dining room for our first anniversary on Sunday. The understated decor is reminiscent of a simple yet sophisticated Italian country villa, and the general aura is relaxed and welcoming. Every person on the wait staff was friendly and knowledgeable and the managers were gracious and accommodating. Because it was our anniversary we each received a complimentary glass of Bastianich's own Brut upon arrival (normally $14 a pop), but more notably, because we are locals, we received 15 % off our entire bill. I believe Batali is the only chef thus far to offer such a discount on a regular basis, and he should be commended for it. For an appetizer we ordered the pappardelle with 'porcini trifolati,' or cooked porcini mushrooms($22). Porcini mushrooms are my favorite mushroom. They are generally large and have a sponge-like underside rather than gills, giving them a kind of chewy yet slippery texture. When I saw porcini I got incredibly excited because the only place I have seen fresh porcini mushrooms in the states is at the Ferry Building farmer's market in San Francisco. While living in Italy they could be found everywhere in the Fall, even at road stands, and I frequently ordered this exact dish whenever I could. Needless to say I was truly disappointed when the dish came out full of shitakes and other varieties of mushrooms, with nothing like the porcinis I know and love. If the menu had just said 'pappardelle with mushrooms' I would have been completely satisfied, as the pasta was beautifully home-made and tossed in a light yet buttery sauce. Sadly, this misrepresentation showed up more than once on the menu. Our spinach side was supposed to have cherry peppers to give a kick, yet didn't, and our 'spring peas with pancetta' turned out to be snow peas. The steak was the real showstopper of the meal. I try to be frugal when dining out, but as a self-proclaimed foodie I am also willing to pay big money for something novel and ridiculously good. That something today was the 240 day dry-aged steak that cost $100 an inch. Dry-aging of beef is basically the controlled rotting of the exterior of the meat in a cold environment that results in the formation of a skin, or pellicle, that is then removed prior to cooking. It is an expensive process and therefore results in better, but less frugal, cuts of meat. Most well-marbled high grade meat is dry-aged for some amount of time as it dramatically enhances and concentrates the flavor, but this time can range from a few weeks to about the 240 days given the riserva steak here (we were told the slaughter date for our beef was circa early August, 2009). A second manager prepared it for us tableside by skillfully slicing it on a wooden board and drizzling it with the chef's recommendation of a little olive oil and a sprinkle of salt. We ordered the horseradish black pepper zabaglione as an accompanying sauce, but despite its ethereal qualities, it was utterly unnecessary and almost felt like a sin to use on this particular piece of meat. The inherent flavors of the steak were not powerful enough to stand up to it, and only by eating the steak alone could you truly appreciate the process and time required to create such a masterpiece. The wait staff described the flavor as earthy, but for me it was as if the aroma you get when you first walk into a fabulous cheese store (such as Murray's in the West Village) found its way into the meat and then ultimately into your mouth in a subtle yet obvious way. Combine that with the intensely flavored juices of the best quality steak you can buy and the result is unlike anything you've had before. As I continued to analyze the complexity of flavors twinkling in my mouth I looked over at my husband and saw teardrops welling in his eyes. When he noticed I was looking at him he said, "I'll cry over meat, I don't give a f*#!." I was hoping he was tearing up over how happy he felt to be married to me, but no, it was the steak he was feeling such a fondness for. I really wasn't hurt at all because I felt the same, and in all fairness, you can't have a steak like that everyday for the rest of your life. As far as Strip restaurants go, I would be more inclined to come back here rather than try some of the other celebrity chef restaurants I haven't yet been to. Usually you don't get what you pay for, but I felt the prices charged here were deserved. To boot, the service and ambiance were top notch without being stuffy. If you are looking for a special occasion place, Carnevino is now on my list of top ten Strip restaurants. For my full review, go to my blog.
5	Me and my sweetie went to Carnevino for our anniversary because we like a good steak and Mario is one of my favorite celebrity chefs. We were delighted with the experience. We were greeted by the staff who wished us a happy anniversary and seated us right on time for our reservation. We had calamari and mozzarella for appetizers which were great. The mozzarella was salty sweet and perfectly prepared, the bone in rib-eye for 2 was amazing it had a beautiful crust to it but was perfectly medium rare on the inside. I asked our server to pick a glass of red wine to go with the steak for me, instead of just giving me the most expensive red they had he gave me a moderately priced red that complemented the steak perfectly. The staff went out of their way to make this occasion special for us, each server who helped us wished us a happy anniversary and the fruit tart we had for desert had happy anniversary written across the top of the plate. This was easily the best anniversary dinner we've had, and simply one of the best meals we've had in the 8 years we've been together. I would recommend this restaurant to anyone looking to celebrate something or just looking for a really great steak.
5	If you're in Vegas you need to check this place out. it's easy to overlook and is located in between the Venetian and Palazzo. I know its another celebrity chef place (Mario Batalli), but it's worth it - it least once! They specialize in Beef & Wine (as in the name). I had the Filet (of course) and we split a bottle of Cab (I forgot which one, but it was from Napa). It was one of the best meals I've ever had. The meat was perfect (med rare) and I had sides of Fries (couldn't resist) and Broccoli sauteed. For me, I do not put salt on anything, so I did find it alittle salty for me, but not overt. If you had a few hours for dinner and have a hankering for Steak & Wine this is the place to go! (BTW - they do not have a dress code, but do not wear a tank top).
5	Came here with a friend during lunch time, while visiting Vegas. Upon entering, the place looks huge and the giant bull statue by the entrance really gives this place some presence. The architecture and decor is similar to that of an Italian banquet hall, a room with high ceilings and doors to match. This was in the late afternoon and around that time I went the sun floods the room just right giving you a great lighting of the entire area. To be honest the feel, look and atmosphere seemed like I was actually in Italy. OK on to the food.This place has a set menu for lunch and a set menu for dinner and both are different from each other. The lunch menu didn't look very tasty at all and it didn't offer any steaks listed from the dinner menu and we both had our stomachs set for steak. My friend and I asked if we could order something from the dinner menu, but the waiter was a bit reluctant but would ask the chef if we could. Luckily, we arrived at a time when business was very very slow, where my friend and I are the only one there for lunch. The waiter came back and said the chef would cook it if we don't mind waiting 35-45 mins. to bring the frozen dry-aged bone in ribeye to room temperature for cooking. We were more than happy to wait for their signature steak, which can only be ordered by 2 people (lucky us).Along with the bone in ribeye we also ordered a plate of fried calamari. We were also asked by the waiter if we wanted to add a sauce for our steak, something to compliment it with. However, our waiter said you shouldn't bother, the steak is seasoned perfectly and tastes better w/o any of Carnevino's sauces. Rather friendly advice if you ask me and so we saved ourselves $5 from a sauce.The calamari was cooked perfectly, although it was rather small in terms of size, moderate in terms of portion and reasonably high in term of price. OK as for the ribeye. OMG! That was perhaps the best bone in ribeye I have ever tasted. It's huge, which explains why it is meant for 2 people. They cut that slab of meat off of the bone right next to you and serves it on your plate. They also leave the bone with any left over meat for you to gnaw at it like the Flintstones. Between my friend and myself I'm usually the eater, however, this time around I had to make my friend eat the rest of the meat. The waiter was correct about the ribeye being seasoned perfectly. The salt and pepper used to season the ribeye was more than enough and it left a very nice, slightly crunchy crust to the outside of the meat. No matter what the beef of this place is worth the money. Didn't have any wine though. Didn't feel I needed to add any more to the bill. Besides the steak was more than enough. I must have had an off-day in terms of eating. I really wanted to gnaw at the bits of meat on the bone. Expect to spend alot, your not only purchasing the beef, but paying for the ambiance.
4	Some really great steak here. I was in a large group and shared a NY strip with another person. They carve it all up for you. We were warned that a "medium rare" here is the same as rare elsewhere, and that "rare" is pretty much tartar. So we had it medium and it was still too pink for our liking. Across the board at the table we all felt the meat was a little too rare. That said, the steak was fantastic (the, uh, outer portions) -- I avoided the very center of the cuts. Just know when coming here that you want to order "medium-well" to "well-done" to get the medium-rare that you'd get elsewhere.The person that I shared the steak with said that Joe's (Forum Shops @ Caesars) was still his favorite steak place in Vegas. I've never been, so I can't say -- I liked this place just fine. But FYI, they probably don't play games with cooking definitions. ;)
5	I recently went to Carnevino on a friends recommendation and was blown away. The arugula and goat cheese salad was incredible, and the cheeze puffs were as good as they get. I have never been a lamb chops fan, but i am now addicted to them because of this place. The wine was impeccable as well as the service. Go Carnevino!!!!!
5	Glutonous is all I can say. Salami plate with peppers, tempura/fried squash blossom with Lobster and Lobster Mousse, calamari,  A Mid course of beef cheek ravioli, gnocchi in a bolognese and black fettucinni with dungeness crab. Veal chop, Porterhouse and Ribeye as the entree. I couldn't move but managed to choke down some Hazelnut Semifreddo with a glass of Tokjai. The food was amazing, the service over the top and the peppered lardo was to die for.
5	The Best Gourmet Burger on The Strip! One thing I hear from friends coming to Las Vegas, "Where is a good place to eat - that is also cheap?" I respond, "on the Strip? There isn't one." If you are on the Strip and want a great place to eat, go here. You will probably  pay equal amount at a a good buffet or anywhere else. There are many places on the Strip that are great to eat. I suggest you recommend this place the next time a visitor asks you where a good place is located.
1	very disappointing experience.  the service was horrible.  first, the restaurant was not full and yet we could not get our waiter's attention.  we waited over 30 mins to have our order taken.  we had a vegetarian in the group and the waiter refused to work with her to help her find a dish she can eat.  even if there is no dish available, you still fake it and act like you are going to ask the cook to make a plain pasta dish. he just kept saying "no, we wont do that."  as a group of 6, we ordered two bottles of wine-and have to practically beg the waiter for a refill.  we sat with empty glasses the entire dinner.  the food was mediocre at best.  the vegetable were not consistently cooked.  very very disappointing to pay that much for a meal that no one enjoyed. and, finally, the most horrifying experience of all- bathrooms are vile.  first, they are dark.  you cant see a thing.  second, the floor had about a half inch of water.  no toilet paper in the stalls.  and when i told the hostess, she told me to use the bathroom in the casino.  overall, one of the most disappointing dining experiences i've ever had in las vegas- or anywhere.
5	THE most amazing experience of my life (so far) was at Carnevino. It consisted of a multi-course meal and wine pairings for each dish that we were served.Where to start? I think I'll begin with the food...- Bread, butter and lardo: Yes, I know... sounds incredibly unhealthy (as I'm sure it was) but it was undeniably DELICIOUS, in particular the "lardo", which consists of lard (pork, I believe) and herbs. It was the perfect spread for the warm ciabatta bread we were served. While eating this, I ordered a glass of Aragone Toscana wine, and my fiance ordered the Tritono Malbec.- Beef Carpaccio: PERFECT cut of "melt-in-your-mouth" meat, with crostini on the side. I was so happy with it that it nearly brought tears to my eyes.- Black Fettuccini: Pasta made with squid ink topped with a sauce made with crab, shallots and jalapenos. I have just one thing to say about this- TO DIE FOR.- Osso Buco a la Milanese served with saffron orzo and gremolata: THE best osso buco I have ever had! The meat literally fell of the bone and it was seasoned perfectly!- Dry Aged bone in ribeye steak: So... this is kind of pricey, but it is the most amazing steak I have ever had. It has a very unusual but outstandingly delicious taste. It is a pretty big serving, so I'd say it is worth every penny.- Sides: Mascarpone and Guanciale mashed potatoes (mashed potatoes+mascarpone+ "super" egg= WHO KNEW?!?!?!) and fried polenta cakes. Both sides were fantastic!We had a different type of wine paired with each of these dishes, recommended by our server. I highly suggest doing this when you are there. It will really add to your experience.Desserts: - Hazelnut Semifreddo with fudge sauce- caramel date fritter (with pistachios) with vanilla gelato- Gelato trio (vanilla, espresso and mint stracciatella)- fresh berry tartALL desserts were amazing!We finished off with a digestif- my fiance had montenegro and I had Argiolas Mirto Tremontis.The service, the ambiance.... spectacular. It will be hard to find a restaurant that even remotely compares to this place where I live in California. Until I am able to return to Carnevino, I will be daydreaming about it on a very regular basis. It was THAT good. Notice the repeated use of superlatives in my review? Trust me..... it's because Carnevino really is THAT good.
4	We had a dinner party of 11 friends to celebrate a "Tulliver's" birthday at Carnevino who happens to be a long time fan of Mario Batali. So he requested everyone's presence to be a part of his special day. My boyfriend and I shared the mixed grill; it was definitely somewhat close to a surf and turf. This was a good portion along with our broccolini and pork side. We both enjoyed our cocktails. He had the honeyed wild turkey while I had a bellini. We did get to nosh on the insalata caprese and the warm ciabatta bread with rosemary. Everything was excellent and delicious! Let's just say, he was a very happy birthday boy!
2	Yet another steak house in las vegas.  I happened to be staying at the Palazzo and had heard good things about this place.  I mean c'mon its Mario Batali's steak house its gotta be good right? Not so much.1st I gotta say the hostess was OMG beautiful.  I will be going back just for a chance to run into her again. The highlight of the evening (besides the hostess) was a hand made ravioli with some sort of duck sauce.  Just a great dish.  Not heavy at all and bursting with flavor.The low was my bone in rib eye for two.  We had requested it Medium and it came out twitching.  They cut the steak for you and serve you, i can only imagine how much blood there was before it reached my plate.   Maybe my palate isn't sophisticated enough to enjoy the flavors of meat cooked this way but cooked is the key word.  This steak just wasn't. Overall a expensive dinner that left me feeling completely unsatisfied. I will give Carnevino this, they have a great wine selection.
4	Italian + Steak. What a heavenly combination. From start to finish my business dinner here was pretty fan-freaking-tastic. Impeccable service and some amazing food. Having dined at most of the big name steak places over at Palazzo-Venetian (Cut-Delmonico-Carnevino), I'm going to try to offer some tips to help you select your next insanely expensive steak dinner !Pork back fat. Yup, that was the waiter's description when he set down a creamy paste called "lardo" and I said "excuse me?!" As disgusting as a paste called lardo described as "pork back fat" sounds.. wow it's fabulous. I felt guilty eating more than like a teaspoon of it, but that's ok. Only issue here was the ciabatta served with the back fat was only barely warmed over. Wine list. What a treasure trove of Italian wines they have. For those not on a budget this wine list is killer. Their beer list is also ridiculously good might I add, but most beers were $15+! There were only 5 wines south of $100 and the markup is among the worst I've seen in Las Vegas. Our $110 wine we drank retails for $17 . Over 500% markup?! Sick for even Las Vegas if you ask me. For an appetizer we only tried the beef carpaccio. Amazing and among the best I've had in my life. We got 2 orders for 7 of us and we were fighting for the last scraps. Highly recommended ! Before I get into the steak, I want to pay hommage to the mashed potatoes with a poached egg mixed in. Some of the best mashed potatoes I've had in my life. That good ! Now onto the..STEAK: I personally tried half of the "ribeye for 2". At $130 it's insanely expensive. Add $15 if you want them to pour some aceto balsalmico on it (ridiculous surcharge). The presentation was beautiful and the steak was among the best in Vegas. One of my dining companions is a steak freak and declared the steak here the best of his life. The seasoning, char, and preparation were all perfect.  As a comparison to other places -*Delmonico's ribeye isn't as tasty, but a WAY better value. You get nearly the same amount of meat on a "1 person" steak at Delmonico as you do on a "2 person" steak at Carnevino. At Delmonico the steak retails for ~$60. It's freaking $130 here. Yes, Carnevino's is better, but is it $70 better? I would say no for those that have big appetities ! *Tasting platter at Cut retails for ~$130. Honestly I'd take this over the steak at Carnevino most days. It's more exciting (having Japanese wagyu, american wagyu, AND prime on it) and I really do think the wagyu beef is worth the premium. *So basically comes down to how price sensitive you are, whether you want one steak done really well with a beautiful char, or are you looking to try wagyu. As a wagyu freak I do slightly prefer Cut but I know some people aren't believers in the magic of wagyu! Overall a solid steakhouse and the addition of Italian fare to the typical steakhouse meal is fabulous. Service was impeccable . I hope to return many times in the future.
5	Magnificent, Incredible, Amazing, Fantastic!!! What else can I say about this place & the Ribeye for 2? My wife & I loved it from beginning to end & we highly recommend the authentic carpaccio, perfect pasta, and Sensational Ribeye for 2!!! Order it Medium-Rare & love every succulent bite of this heavenly masterpiece. The wait staff, food, and wine list is definitely worth the price. You will leave thoroughly satisfied!
5	We were in Vegas in March & decided to give Carnevino a second chance.  My first visit there was for my friends 30th birthday in Aug 2008.  The service was a disaster, but the food was amazing.We went back on a Monday night in March.  This time we not only got the amazing food we expected but also great service.  We went with the Beef tasting menu & I did the wine pairing as well.  The Beef cheek ravioli was the star of the night.1st course: Hand-cut Carne Cruda w/ Brioche & local egg.Wine: Taittinger Champagne Cuvee Prestige NV ReimsBeef Cheek Ravioli with aceto balsamicoBrandini, Nebbiolo "vigna Sant'Anna" 2005 LangheWet Aged Beef with sunchokes, chili & mintTerre di Giumara Nero d'Avola 2007 SiciliaDry Aged "BBL" Beef with onion bread puddingLa Mozzz "Aragone" 2006 TosconaLime Panna Cotta with Honey graham crackersMoscato d'asti, Goglia 2008
5	It's Vegas.  I go there with good company, for cool conversation, great memories, and lastly - for excellent food.  Carnevino was just that. Knowing that the three of us would be heading over to a club for some drunk-man's hokey-pokey within a few hours, we took the server's advice and split the two-person bone-in rib-eye, three ways.  Of course you can't have dinner without an appetizer.  Our taste-buds tingled at the sound of the featured bruschetta: soft and creamy mozarella nestled on a bed of kale, with some playful specs of pancetta hiding in between the wrinkly leaves.  The plate was gorgeous. The mozzarella was so creamy - tangled between the grooves of our forks, then twirled with a little piece of kale, picking up some pancetta bits, eventually finding its way onto a rough patch of bruschetta. LOVELY. Mid conversation, our server appeared table-side with a wooden chopping block on wheels!  He prepared us - "Excuse me," he says kindly. "If I may shuffle some things around here..."  THEN the monstrosity of a rib-eye appeared from underneath the little table!  For that type of entrance, they should have blared the trumpets and sounded the cymbals.  The server gently carved the steak, artfully plated it, and so delicately sprinkled some salt and drizzled some olive oil over the medium-rare slices of meat.  MAGICAL.  At some point, we found ourselves slightly confused by the humongous rib that lay so peacefully across a little plate - what to do?  Nothing else to do but to pick it up and savor the flavors of the bone that oozed into the meat.  Don't question it.  DO IT. Green beans came in a little cast-iron tray -  they too were delightful.  Golden raisins and lemon zest all joined the party.  Such a subtle, yet fun combination of flavors bouncing around in the mouth.  Service: 5-stars (or smiley faces)Flavors: 5-stars. Atmosphere: 5-stars.Pricey.  But really - can you put a price on excellent food and unforgettable memories?
3	Carnevino...hmmm.  Let me start by stating that most of the food was exceptional.  With the exception of the 12 oz filet that we ordered that came out mooing when we ordered it medium-rare, everything we ordered was perfect.  I don't mean pink...I mean our steak was seared on the outside and completely red, raw and cold on the inside.  Why didn't we send it back, you might ask?  For starters, we didn't exactly have the time, as we were going to see a show that evening.  However, the real reason is that our server was less than accommodating.  He didn't do anything wrong, per se, but he didn't do his job well either.  We concluded that he was disappointed that we were a party of 6 (dining at 5 pm, so there was plenty of time to turn the tables that evening, which he was aware of) and didn't want to each order a starter, entree, sides, dessert, etc.  We had just arrived in town a couple of hours prior and had a snack, plus we were planning on meeting up for snacks/dessert later that evening after the show.  However, we weren't trying to split a salad 6 ways, either.  We ordered a $100.00 bottle of wine, all the specials they were offering that day, a 12 oz steak to share, a bunch of sides, etc and still spent about $100 pp that evening.  Not exactly shabby, in my opinion.  However, it didn't seem to be good enough for him, even though the restaurant was entirely empty and we were the only table he was serving.  It just made no sense, especially knowing that we were celebrating two guests' birthdays...one would have thought he would have bent over backwards to ensure our visit was a pleasurable one.  Fortunately, the company was terrific and we didn't much mind; but we didn't go back there for dessert and drinks later that evening, etiher.  So, would I go back to Carnevino?  The jury is still out.  The food really was terrific, but I'd just be sure to not have him as our server again.  Botero in the Encore the following evening, however, was AMAZING, all the way around.  Steak is something that is very easy to come by in Vegas, as is ambiance.  Potentially jeapordizing an evening with anything less than a stellar experience is not something I generally do - but their bacon butter just may make me change my mind!
4	I've been to Carne Vino twice.  The first time was one of the best meals I've ever had, but the second was just ok.  The staff and service are among the best in Las Vegas.  Definitely the best at Palazzo or Venetian.The wine selection and menu, overall, is excellent. One drawback for some may be the prices.  Carne Vino is one of the pricier upper end steakhouses in Las Vegas.The presentation of their signature bone in rib eye is spectacular.  It's sliced at the table and drizzled with olive oil.  The first time I had the rib eye it was off the chart phenomenal. The second time I visited it was definitely below average.The salads and sides are excellent.  Friends that had non-steak meals were impressed.  One of the better steakhouses in Las Vegas.  It's in the back of the rotation since i've been there twice in three trips, but I will return.
5	I had an excellent meal there on my birthday.  The restaurant is located in the Palazza hotel, and I made a reservation the same day and received it with no difficulty.  The restaurant is one of Mario Batali's restaurants, and it is an Italian Steakhouse.  Outside of the restaurant they are selling some Mario Batali books.  My party and I got there early and wouldn't let us in earlier than our reserved time, but whatever.  The ambiance is dark and understated.  There is a large bronze cow sculpture inside.  We sat in a room that had shelves built into the walls holding wine.  The menu is gigantic and very long, but only because the first page has all the food items while the rest detail their many wines they serve.  They also serve some signature cocktails, but didn't try any.  The bread was warm and tasted like ciabatta with rosemary.  There is a dedicated bread person who distributes hot bread to everyone one at a time.  There is European butter and aged lard to accompany your bread.  The bread server explained how the lard is actually lower in saturated fat than butter.  The lard was tastier than the butter.  We got the dry aged bone in ribeye which says it serves 2, but that would be 2 very hungry carnivores.  The waiter assured us it would feed 3 and said it would take about 20 minutes.  We also ordered veal scallopine, black fettucine as a main dish, and spinach and mashed potatoes as sides all to share.  The black fettucine dish has jalopenos, shallots and crab.  It was excellent.  I have no idea what was in the fettucine to make it black.  It didn't have a lot of crab.  It was kind of small considering we ordered it as a main dish.  They bring out the steak and the manager sliced it for us and wished me a happy birthday.  The steak is drizzled in olive oil, and she strategically places the sliced meat in a tepee formation to keep the inner pieces of filet mignon hot while the t bone pieces are on the outside.  She also saves the bone and says the best meat is around the bone.  The outside of the steak has some kind of seasoning which is good.  I don't know how they can have two different cuts of meat on one steak, but both were amazing.  First there was the tougher pieces of t bone or ribeye, can't remember, and then there were the super tender pieces of filet mignon.  We ordered it medium well, but it still came out kind of pink.  The waiter warned us to order one category more done than what we are typically used to at other steak restaurants.  The veal scallopine was excellent as well.  The sauce and mushrooms on there were tasty.  The mashed potatoes with marscapone and guanciale was served with a poached egg on top which the waiter asked if we wanted mashed into the potatoes.  It was so good and the hot potatoes cooked the egg and added a richness to it.  The spinach with garlic and peppers side was pretty typical and nothing special.  The sides were $9 each and served in small skillets.  Each side would be sufficient to feed 2 or more people.   There are many different sauces you can order for $5.  We didn't try any, but looking back that might have been a nice option.  We were all completely stuffed by the end and actually left a little bit of veal that no one could eat.  They had a dessert menu with everything for $12.  None of them personally appealed to me so I skipped it.  Great place to go to to splurge for a special occasion.
5	Okay, so recently I went to one of the most debaucherous Vegas bachelor parties I have ever been too.  I normally would have come home from Vegas bragging about all the crazy "Hangover-style" things that I did, but when I came back I'll I could talk about was Dry Aged Bone In Ribeye at Carnevino. I am a Steak-Man and not kidding, THIS IS THE BEST STEAK I HAVE EVER HAD IN MY LIFE!!!!!! Sliced thin and drizzled with a touch of olive oil, it literally melts in your mouth.  Their sommelier selected several solid wines that paired perfectly with the feast.  I can't even begin to describe how amazing this meal was, but I will just say this...  The fact that this was my #1 story coming back from Vegas, over the fact that we needed shovels to take care of the problem in room #1512,  That's got to say something right? Oh and do you know how big of a hole you have to dig to bury a donkey?!
4	Glad we came back for another "snack" that ended up being dinner!Again, we ended up in the bar and shared a tasty bottle of chianti.  I was surprised, honestly, at how few chiantis were on the menu.  There were tons of super tuscans and other varieties, but maybe only 5 chiantis.  Weird.  Anyhow, on to the food:-We were given warm rosemary focaccia bread with a salty butter mousse as well as a 'lardo' mousse.  The lardo is made from curing strips of pig fat with rosemary and is quite rich; it is a nice addition to the hearty bread, but definitely in moderation!-Started with the Affettati Misti (meat plate, basically) and the  House Cured Pastrami.  The meat plate was decent, but nothing to write home about.  I wouldn't order it again.  However, the pastrami blew me away!  It was thick, peppery, and so good!  It came with a small salad of frisee with a wonderful duck egg on the top.  The flavors came together so well.  Yum!-With the pastas, they are served as 'appetizer' style, so they're perfect for sharing.  However, you can order any one as a diner portion for 15 bucks more.  We shared the Bucatini Amatriciana, which is still the best one I've tasted outside of Rome, and the surprisingly amazing Ravioli di Stracotto (duck livers with aged balsamic vinegar). The ravioli was to die for! I wanted to order three more dishes of it!  Overall, I was very pleased with our food and wine, which was served in these beautifully tall glasses.  I will return during my next trip!  Do yourself a favor and try it out!
5	Unbelievable. This place has got to be the best restaurant experience I have ever had.  I was there in April with my fiance and 2 other friends and from start to finish, everything was perfect.  Our waiter was superb, and everything flowed perfectly.  We started with cocktails, and you have to try their version of the Manhatthan-Bullet Whiskey, honey liquor, some kind of mint bitters. oh my god this thing was the bomb!Steak tartare, pasta course and the of course, the aged ribeye AND we did the aged Porterhouse (hey it was Vegas, what can I say) . Excellent cuts, excellent flavor-melted in your mouth.  To those complainers of price, seriously?  What were you expecting to pay for this quality, service and atmosphere?  go to a buffet
3	Ate here a couple times on a recent work stay in Sin City.  The first trip we had the Pre-Theatre special.  FYI many restaurants are doing meal specials, most likely due to the tightening of American pocketbooks.  Anyways dinner consisted of and Appetizer or Salad, and choice of protein (I got the filet).  I opted for the beef carpaccio which was good.  Second course is the Filet and honestly it wasn't anything I couldn't have made at home myself.  Sides of mushroom and broccoli were ok.  Dessert was ok also.  The second time I ate there we ate in the bar because after 10pm till close they offer 20% off the full menu if you eat in the bar.  What the heck right?  So a co-worker and I opt for the full on 70$ per person dry aged BBL porterhouse cooked rare.  The beef was super rare when it was brought out and carved tableside.  They dressed it with extra virgin olive oil prior to serving based on the "Chef's recommendation".  It was ok.. I mean 70 dollars.. per person.. for steak?  That's tough to swallow but I wanted to experience it.  Most interesting thing:  Choice of butter for your bread or seasoned LARD.  Yes!Not that great:  The seasoned ciabatta they use for bread.  It's seasoning masks the flavor of anything you put on it.  I'll take a nice crusty baggette anyday.Star Power:  Scott Ian from Antrax was standing not 10 feet from us in the bar.Service was excellent as is with most LV steak joints and in this town there is a lot of competition.  3 Stars!! - ditch the ciabatta this isn't Jack in the Box!
5	I had the 12 oz Tenderloin rare (baseball cut), with a 3 oz steamed lobster tail and the porcini bearnaise,  for a plate totalling about $100.  It was worth every cent.  The aged tenderloin melted in my mouth despite how lean the cut was.  The steamed lobster tail preserved all the flavour of the lobster in the succulent meat, no butter required to enjoy, and the porcini bearnaise pulled both together in every mouthful.Our party was large enough to allow us to order one each of the sides to share around.  Each was delicious, but I have to mention the Corn, Fregula & Pecorino Romano, the Chickpea Cakes With Fresh Herbs & Peppers, the Spinach With Garlic & Hot Peppers and Roasted Cauliflower With Pine Nuts, Capers & Peperonta as just spectacular.The pastas are actually appetizer-sized and you add $15 for a dinner sized portion, and as such they're overpriced for what you get.  Stick to the beef, however, and it's absolutely worth the price.
5	About two years ago, I went to the Foodtv guy's restaurant in the Venetian's Tiananmen square restaurant.  The food was beyond spectacular, but the service was cold and amateurish.Yesterday, we went to Carnevino in the Palazzo.  The food this time was beyond spectacular, and the service was among the best I've received in a high end restaurant.I've found the Foodtv guy likes to give freebies to diners before they order as if they are "gifts" from the chef.  You know what? They ARE gifts!  Very tasty ones at that.  I didn't care that the deep fried regianno cheesy poof was bait to get me to order more food pre-order.  It was amazing in flavor! Many thanks!The waiter clued me into a mistake I had made in ordering.  He fixed the problem and gave me more variety without impacting the bill. Nice guy.The waiter's suggestions were perfect.  The carpaccio app was meaty with a strong salty vinegrette dressing for the bed of arugula. The strip was perfect.  The best steak I've ever had.  I didn't pick it up and scrape the bone with my teeth, but my knife worked overtime on carving the bone clean.Two visits, two foodtv guy trips, and two beyond amazing food experiences.  But this time the service was on par with the food, and we tipped accordingly.  No dessert.  Not our thing.
4	Get a table in the main room. The wine cellar across is really loud. One big -, our server's schtick got really old really fast. He was like a robot. Had the 12oz Filet Oscar. Awesome. The Strawberry Yogurt thing was really good as well. Again, like the place a lot, but cannot deal with the schticky waiters.
2	It could have been that I just had an idiot for waiter, but I did not enjoy my experience there. The service is so poor that it completely overshadows very good food. Our waiter took no control of our table only taking our order 30 minutes in when we asked. He also messed up what I think should be a simple drink order (a diet coke with lemon) and confusing medium well with raw. After all this I can not bash the food. The food is awesome! I think Carnevino has forgotten that the little things do add up giving me an overall unsatisfying meal.
4	I do not really understand how this place can have less than 4 stars. We ordered the caprese, calamari, burger, tuscan potatoes, and ribs. Yum Yum Yum. Everything was so delicious. I did not like that they do not do refills on sodas. I hate when restaurants do that. Also, portions were very small. Pricey but worth the splurge. We sat in the tavern section. I will be back here the next time i stay at the Palazzo.
5	How could you not like anything that Mario makes??  We celebrated our 30th anniversary here....yes, we are childhood bride/groom....it was wonderful.We started with two pasta dishes, as appetizers, the first a penne pasta with homemade Italian sausage and marinara sauce....delicious.  Pasta, al dente and huge chunks of fresh made sauage with great seasoning in a rich tomato sauce. Then the black  squid ink linguine with fresh crab in a white wine/herb sauce....melt in your mouth delicious!!  Next came the fresh tuna tartar.....it was so good, I ordered a second portion!!   Fresh, cool to the palate with a touch of wasabi and balsamic dressing...outrageous.  And then....the ribeye steak....cut it with a fork, cooked perfectly medium rare, the rub was outstanding and the taste....great.  I am not a big fan of meat, I  usually eat a bite or two and then  I am done....but this steak was absolutely aged, processed and cooked to perfection.  We devoured the entire steak and my sweetheart ate off the bone like Fred Flinestone!!!Service was excellent....we had a cheese and fruit plate for dessert.....made special for our anniversary.  The wine flowed and it was a terrific dining experience....I am sorry for those of you who might disagree..... this is my favoritive Iron Chef's restaurant....been to Bobby Flay's and Emeril's.....Mario is still my king in the kitchen!!  Just wish he had been there....missed him by three days!!!  Crocks, shorts and all!!!
4	I am so damn broke.  Damn you Mario Batali & Joseph Bastianich.We stayed at the Palazzo so we figured... we might as well choose a restaurant within the property and finally decided on Carnevino.  The restaurant itself is pretty big and we were brought all the way to the back, which was nice since it wasn't as loud as the main dining room and the high ceiling definitely makes it a nicer place to dine at.After looking through the menu, the server somehow convinced us to go the "family-style" way, which is priced at a minimum of $100 per person but he would have the chefs prepare the top dishes in each course to share: 5 appetizers, 4 pastas, and 5 different cuts of meat.  He also guaranteed that we would not go hungry even though it was 9 guys.  It ended up as one of the most expensive meals but pretty legit.  They started out by bringing rosemary infused bread that everybody gets with 2 kinds of spread: housemade butter and flavored pork back fat.  Yes, pork back fat, aka lard.  Don't be scared cause it was amazing haha. For appetizers, they brought out:1. Insalata Caprese - amazing caprese salad with thick slices of heirloom tomatoes and a mozarella & cream combo called burrata.2. Grilled Octopus - freaking amazing.  I never had octopus that tender and the limoncello reduction over it was genius.  3. Fried Calamari - common item... but damn when it is done this well, I don't want it anywhere else. 4. Hanger Steak Carpaccio - special of the night and pretty much a pile of arugula with a delicious steak carpaccio underneath and over it.5. Affettati Misti - selection of house cured meats with a variety of grilled peppers.  The pork belly seriously just melts in your mouth.6. Grilled Foie Gras - umm..... yes yes yes.  I think they drizzled a balsamic reduction over it too.  Crap.. I'm seriously drooling right now.As for the pastas, each dish are all appetizer servings but if you want, you can add $15 more to make it into entree size.  All the pasta dishes are much more about the ingredients.  They brought out:1. Potato Gnocchi Bolognese - just.. really really solid gnocchi with a really good bolognese.  Wish there was more bolognese though.2. Puttanesca - olives, capers, and anchovies with penne.  Simple but so good.3. Beef Cheek Ravioli - beef cheek = one of the most tender cut of meat ever and they even drizzle aged real balsamic over it.  Yea.  Heaven.4. Black Truffle Pasta - when this came out, I was just... at a loss for words since it had real shaved slices of black truffle all over it rather than the typical truffle oil you see at many places.  The spaghetti itself with made with extra yolk too so the texture was amazing.  Favorite out of all.For the meats, they bring it all out and they carve it off the bone right in front of you:1. Veal chop - tender, perfectly done.  The bone-in probably gave it extra flavor.2. Dry-aged Bone-in Ribeye - I love the seasoning and the crust.  Italian seasoned steaks is just good eating.  I still think Gallagher's dry-age beef is better though!3. Lamb Chops - ok this was the best lamb I've had.  I'm not a big fan of lamb because of the gaminess, BUT somehow it's all good and it is absolutely amazing.  4. Pork Chop - done medium well, and the way it is brined gives what seems like a really boring piece of pork good flavors.5. Maine Lobster Tail - they only brought out one so it was kinda hard to share among all of us but... it was buttery goodness!  hahah.They also brought out two sides: mashed potatoes with marscapone & guanciale (type of unsalted bacon) with raw egg yolk mixed in, and sauteed mushrooms & onions.  Both were perfect as side dishes.At first we were afraid that we weren't gonna get full since the appetizer and pastas' portions were not big at all but after everything, we couldn't finish all the protein and it ended up being the perfect late night snack after XS :PIf you come with a big group, definitely think about getting the "family-style" since you'll get to truly taste what Carnevino is all about.  Just expected to drop... quite a bit of money especially if you order wine and after the 20% gratuity charge.
5	Went there last weekend. I didn't sit in the main dining room, but sat in the bar area. Only ordered two appetizers and a desert, steak tartare, black pasta with Jalepeno and crab and a apple desert (forgot name). All the dishes were outstanding and so was the service. Have to visit in the future and sit in the dining room.
4	The Pre-Theatre Prix Fixe menu is a great deal! For $46, I got the Calamari Fritti (not too battered or fried, it sits in a spicy tomato sauce), the 8 oz. Filet Mignon (cooked to perfection and seasoned very nicely) and a trio of gelato. You order your side dishes ala carte so we had the mashed potatoes (soooooo rich and creamy!) They do it with mascarpone cheese and a little pork belly and then mix in a poached egg at your table. A-mazing! One of the best versions of mashed potatoes I've ever had.  We also had the brocolini, which also had a little pork belly. It was also pretty nice.  My eye was wandering toward the pasta but after our server told us that they are known for their steaks, I had to indulge and it was worth it!  The food here is definitely very rich, I feel like I after eating here too many times my physique would start looking like that of Chef Batali's. But all in all, a very nice meal.  Good meat and good wine!
5	Nice!Dinner for two over Labor Day weekend. We did the Pre Fixe with each of us ordering:one cocktailone side dishwe also got two insalata and an additional main dish (seafood pasta) that are not on the Pre Fixe....and this came to 225 dollars before the tip.The food is fantastic in a staid kind of way, and I loved every bite. The only minus I can think of is that the waiter's descriptions of the specials were so rapid and long that I couldn't remember the last thing he said. But he was helpful when I asked specific questions.Like somebody said here, eat in the main room, not across the hallway. Ceilings are about 20 feet hight, curtains filter the evening light nicely. I had a Negrita cocktail, and it's great, in weird, bitter kind of way. Found some recipes on the net but seem different from what I had.Gets pretty busy from 6 pm so I recommend going just a little earlier.
5	Went there for a celebration dinner over the Labor Day weekend and glad we did!Mario Batali is an amazing chef, I try to keep track of all the shows he does on TV, even get inspiration for my own cooking from him (never copy). We sort of stumbled on the restaurant while walking around Palazzo and Venetian and immediately I wanted to go, after changing into the best clothes we brought with us, of course! So, we went in with a feeling of honor and excitement and very high expectations. And, boy, were they met! Their service was amazing, at first we thought 4 or 5 people were waiting just exclusively on us, but than asked and turns out they all work as a team and keep an eye on all the tables and don't let a dirty plate or an empty glass go without notice, everything is cleaned up and refilled momentarily!!!Now the food. Oh the food! I decided not to worry about my waistline and talked my companion out of any guilty feelings he may have had! We ordered  Insalata Caprese to share, and a bottle of Sicilian wine (their wine list is just unfair, it takes up 2.5 pages on huge menu sheets!). While we waited for the main courses, someone brought freshly whipped butter and a lardo with rosemary spread with warm chiabata rolls Then came duck liver pasta and gnocchi with gorgonzola and nut sprinkled  beets and baby broccoli with pork (only sure about half of the dishes, the ones I ordered). It all looked and smelled delicious! Like a childhood memory I've never had! We also ordered desert, which I did not have room for, but tried a bit anyway, looked fabulous! Not something we would do every day, the bill came to about $100 per person, but it is so worth it!
2	Here's a great instance where service is better than the food.First off, the entire menu is ridiculously overpriced. Of the four plates we ordered the only ones worth mentioning were the potatoes that came with their $19 burger and the side of Italian-style broccoli.Zach's Chop Salad was boring. New York steak had an okay crust but so not worth $51. The Cannelono was easily the least favorite. I hate to say it, but the best part of this meal was their lardo spread. Wonderfully seasoned pig lard smothered on warm crusty bread...Mmmm, heaven.Once again: great and friendly service but with overpriced boring food.
5	Okay, I am a huge of Mario Batali. He just seems like a fun guy to hang around... So, when the opportunity arose for a chance to go to one of his restaurants, I jumped at it!Before going, I reserved a table online from the restaurant's website. As far as wait time, I can not comment. When it came to seating, we were not seated a minute before our time... this kind of peeved me a little bit, but not enought to ding the entire experience. They did, however, seat us on time... I was just getting excited and wanted to be seated early. On to the food: We ordered off the pre-theater menu. It was $49 each for a three-course meal. The menu offered 2 or 3 items to choose from for each course. Pre-ordering, the chef does bring out little nibblets... that night it was some cheese ball. Very tasty, it was. I had ordered the Insalata Romana, Filet Mignon, and vanilla bean gelato. The filet does not come with a side, everything is a la cart... so I ordered a side of Mascarpone & Guanciale Mashed Potatoes. The salad was actually stacked kind of like an iceberg wedge, but with slivers of radichio inbetween every couple layers of romaine lettuce. On top, was a large crouton with an anchovy laying on top. The dressing was well balanced, not too salty or oily from the anchovy, nor was the garlic too over-powering. The filet (I ordered medium-rare) was cooked perfectly. Cool center, red throughout, and browned exterior with a single set of score lines on top and bottom. It was seasoned nicely and felt well balanced with the salt to meat ratio.The Mascarpone & Guanciale Mashed Potatoes created a very hearty dish. It came out in a little skillet and was very hot (temp). Let this guy cool down for a bit before attacking it. It did have an egg on top that the waiter mixed into the dish before handing the fork over to me. The dish was very rich and creamy from the mascarpone. The guanciale (italian bacon) was tasty and provided little bacon morsels to find and I ate. It was fun finding those little bits... remember folks, bacon is a major food group!The gelato felt more crisp than the street vendors. I wouldn't say that it was as creamy as you can get elsewhere, but the flavor was particularly crisp. I enjoyed it.I know it has floated down the board that you can get lardo for a spread on your ciabatta. Yes, you can. I tried it and was pleasantly surprised at the texture. It was like eating a spoonful of mayonaise and slowly drags down your tongue. It was seasoned with parmesan and rosemary and therefore tasted great. Don't be scared to try it folks!!I know this is a really long review, but I'm almost done! The finale is the wine selection. For those that followed the TV show "Master Chef", Chef Joe (one of the judges) is Mario's partner for this restaurant. He has his own private label of wine called Bastianich (sp??). Try the Bianco Vespa, it was a truly wonderful white-wine blend. Would I go back? Yes, in a heartbeat I would.
1	I think for a Saltimbocca 33 $ plus side spinac 9 $ plus side poteto 9 $ in the end I paid one Saltimbocca 51 $ and wos the worse saltimbocca you can eat sorry i really like the place but the food is over price and the  don't mach with the price !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
2	Mario Batali's empire has perhaps grown too large.  Rest assured, at home in New York City little could be better.  For example, Del Posto has just garnered a coveted 4 stars from the New York Times, an honor which has not been bestowed on an Italian restaurant in more than two decades.  The problem is once you leave the city and head for the outer reaches of the empire.  In Las Vegas, the showing is not nearly as impressive.  Enoteca San Marco was decidedly good, so I have no idea why it was transformed into another Otto.  More discouraging,  B and B Ristorante is only fair and Carnevino is one of the more lackluster steakhouses I have come across.  At higher prices than in New York, this is just unacceptable.Dinner began with an amuse bouche of gougere that was comprised of three different cheeses.  Strikingly simple, the presentation was helped considerably being ensconced in a cloth napkin.  This was a promising start.I then had the spago with lamb ragu ($17) as well as the bone-in NY strip steak ($54) with a supplemental porcini bearnaise sauce ($5).  As I did not order a side with my steak, these two separate courses were brought out together.  The spago was passable but certainly disappointing when compared to what might be found at Batali's other restaurants.  The portion size was fine, but the ragu really failed to resonate in any way.  The dish fell flat and, as such, did not merit the price.  The steak fared little better.  I ordered it medium rare which was really only a guideline.  Most of the steak was prepared medium, though near the bone there was a portion that was rare.  With the bone, there can be unevenness in the cooking, so I was okay with that.  I would just like to have had my steak a little less cooked overall.  My server proudly informed me that the steak itself was dry-aged for twice as long as any other steakhouse on the strip ages their steaks.  True, but I wasn't sure if this added much.  The sauce was regrettable though.  I thought it might be served with the steak.  Instead, it was served in a gravy boat on the side.  It looked fairly well rested to the point where it was starting to congeal.  And there were no fresh porcini mushrooms to be found anywhere -- a clear disappointment.  To drink, the selection of wines by the glass was a bit narrow.  I opted for a robust Italian red at $19 per glass that was less than memorable.  In fact, I wondered to myself if even the bottle costed that much.    Service was a little scattered with a handful of people handling my table of one through the course of the evening.  My main server was fairly young and very enthusiastic.  While I appreciated his earnest zeal, his presentation was a little over the top at times.  Going so far as to shake my hand at the conclusion of the meal, may have been a bit much.  He believes in the restaurant, so I won't fault him too much.Overall, I thought every item cost several dollars more than it should, and the quality of the food was inconsistent with what I expect from a Batali restaurant.  It may survive based on the celebrity chef affiliation, but steak connoisseurs will likely be eating elsewhere.  2.75 stars
4	Have been here a couple of times now.  Food is excellent.  Most recently tried the beef tasting menu and each dish was great.  Each was presented in unique ways so you definitely did not get bored.  Previously, I tried multiple pasta dishes and the porterhouse steak.  Again, all were great.  In particular, there is a special pasta that isn't on the regular menu that is made out of a billion egg yolks.  As you can imagine, its awesome.  The one drawback is that it is quite pricey.  Prices in vegas are inflated but its still on the high side even for vegas.
3	Just ate.  If you are a foodie you will be a little upset at the value but will maybe enjoy the meal...get ready for an expensive meal you could duplicate for half the cost.
2	I've been to Carne Vino several times now. I don't know why, well, yes, I do, it's for the bread sticks. They're to die for. If you want to have a drink and don't mind paying more than almost anywhere else on Earth, then by all means stop in and enjoy. I rationalize that it's just the price of having those crack-like bread sticks.That's really where my love for this place ends though. Just a word about price. Here's an example of how insane the prices are. I went in for lunch last week (and bread sticks) and the house special was $40 for  two drinks and a tuna sandwich. If you just wanted the tuna sandwich it was $19, and I believe the burger was $20. I'll admit that I've had $120 burgers in Europe, so it's not the most expensive, but for what you get (I sat for 30 minutes in an empty bar and the bartender never returned to take my order) it's just not worth it.First time in, we all had steaks. The quality of the meat was definitely far behind other steakhouses like the Palm over at Caesar's, SW Steakhouse, Delmonico's, Del Frisco's and the others we've tried here. Overly fatty and tough. It's always possible that you just go on a bad night, so I never write a place off because of one so-so experience.So, we went again and my wife and I had the carpaccio (it was okay, just nothing to write home about) and I don't even remember the entrees. I just remember that both of us kept marveling throughout the meal at the prices vs. the quality, particularly in light of what you get for lower prices at the other restaurants in Vegas, even in the same hotel (Palazzo has equal and better food at Woo (now closed), Cut (amazingly good) and Table 10 to name just a few.Save yourself some money and visit one of those other places where you'll get better food for less money, or for about the same money (at Cut) just better food and service.
1	Amazing food. The lard was really delicious but quite salty. Octopus was amazing. Tender and very well put together. The pasta was the best I've ever had. Tasted hearty, homemade, had the perfect bite. Our steaks were cooked to perfection and of course GINORMOUS. Did not have room for dessert! Unfortunately, I had to take off stars because my boyfriend got food poisoned here. He threw up for 24 hrs during our week long vacation. I felt so sorry for him and now he refuses to go to any Mario Batali restaurant and teases me abt how Mario food poisoned him. I didn't get food poisoned so all I can say is, shit happens! But still paying $300+ to get food poisoned was not worth it.
5	Food:We started with the caprese salad. It was amazing. They served fresh, local heirloom tomatoes with creamy burrata cheese. 4 large slices and one generous portion of cheese.Then we had 2 pastas. One was the crab and jalapeno black fettucine. The sweetness of the crab blended perfectly with the spicy jalapeno. The fettucine was also cooked perfectly al dente. The other was the duck liver ravioli (4 big pieces in small order). The best part was aged balsamic vinegar that they drizzled over the ravioli that balanced the heaviness of the liver. The best pastas we have ever had in our lives (even in Italy)We ordered the ribeye that was shared by 2 ($65 each person). They serve it tableside, cutting the bone off first and then slicing different parts of the ribeye and portioning it out so that each person has the same amount of different cuts of the ribeye. It was perfectly cooked and the flavor was amazing. They did drizzle some olive oil on the ribeye, which I didn't think was necessary. I would have preferred some more vinegar on the side since the ribeye was so rich and fatty.Service:I was really high maintenance and they were excellent. First, I'm not a fan of rosemary and they had served rosemary rolls. I asked if there were other types, and they checked in on it for me. The manager came by and asked what was wrong and explained my options (which was not much - just crostini that was pre-cooked and not warm). I said that was fine and my waiter came by later to also check in on my satisfaction with the crostini.Then, I had ordered a glass of wine with the ribeye. My waiter opened a new bottle for me and poured a tasting. I unexpectedly thought it was too light for the ribeye and said "I guess it'll be ok". The waiter took notice of my response and offered a glass of another wine instead. He then poured a sample of a heavier wine which matched much better with the ribeye. After I approved of the new wine, he poured me a glass of this new wine.All in all, this was an excellent restaurant. I wish it was cheaper, but the food was worth the cost. One note: the prix-fixe pre-theater menus are only available at certain times (for example, being seated before 6:30). Although we were actually dining before a show, our reservation was at 7 (for a show at 9:30) so the prix fixe dinner was not available. We're actually glad it wasn't because we wouldn't have had a chance to try the excellent dishes we ended up ordering.
5	i was only in Vegas for 24 hours so wanted to get one really good meal in I was there and man did I choose the right place. I was there with a good friend and we wanted to pamper ourselves. We started with their take on a caesar which was great and the steak tartare which was amazing. Our pasta was a lamb pasta dish which we were hesitant about but the waiter gave it his highest recommendation. It was amazing. Then we got the steak fiorentina (porterhouse). The best steak I have ever had in my life carved table side and drizzled with some olive oil. Finally we their mashed potatoes with a stirred in egg for a side. We were thinking about dessert but were too full. The food here was amazing but what really made me love it so much was the service. The waiter was so accommodating and helped us in picking a great bottle of wine with dinner. Also the assistant waiter was just as knowledgeable and very pleasant.  All in all probably the best restaurant ive ever been to.
3	I'd give it 2.5 stars if i could but you know the deal with yelp...Anyhow, went there for the first time this past Friday with a group of friends and we were all disappointed in our experience.  I'd rather not relive the entire dinner so I'll just throw out some highlights:1) filet was average.  have gotten better ones outside of steakhouses.2) pasta was good, not great.  didn't help that my server had no opinion on how to pair up pasta appetizers and the entree.  3) layout was uncomfortable.  felt like i was in an overly decorated commissary.  It's too bad as we were all really looking forward to our meal.  Oh well, you win some, you lose some.
3	Very good food, fairly bad service.Five of us went to Carnevino on Thursday,  10/14.  We were seatedin the second/back room, and it was clear that the restaurant was notcrowded.  Nonetheless, service was slow and ineffective.  We felt thatonce it became obvious we weren't interested in appetizers, thewaiter lost interest in us.The steaks were quite good ... no complaints with the kitchen!The "sommelier" (? I didn't see any of the usual badges of office)was, well, odd.  Repeatedly saying that they "like to sell grape juice"(I kid you not!), we observed him carrying a bottle of wine slung overhis shoulder.  A request for a list of vintage ports went unfulfilled.
3	I really wanted to have dinner at B & B, but the group that I was with preferred the menu at Carnevino.  I'm not really a fan of Italian Steakhouse's.  One would think it's the best of both worlds, but somehow both sides come up short.  If I want Italian, I go someplace authentic.  If I want a steak, I go somewhere that specializes in it.  Our dinner was good, but not great and definitely didn't equal up to the bill.We started with the calamari and the gnocchi bolognese.  The calamari was tender and light and the peppers were nice, but the marinara sauce seemed to thick for the dish.  The gnocchi was good, but the bolognese didn't seem to have a lot of flavor.  We weren't to original both getting the filet, which was was very tender, but nothing more than I would expect from a steakhouse.  I would suggest adding one of the sauces to make the dining experience more unique.  We ordered the mixed mushroom with spring onion as our side.  We were pleasantly surprised when it was severed with Fresno peppers added, as that was not listed on the menu.  The couple we were with ordered the spinach which also had Fresno peppers, so I'm guessing that they had a bunch of peppers that they needed to get rid of.  They were not as thrilled and didn't like the heat it added.  We were told that the sides were large enough to share, but I'm pretty sure that is only if you each order a side.  I would recommend everyone order their own side and then share to try different items.Overall the dining experience was pleasant.  The service was very attentive especially with the number of large groups they had dining that evening.  I just don't think there was anything that stood out as spectacular that would make me come back.
3	Okay - I hate to do this - but I can only give Carnevino a three star rating. Now, maybe I just had an off day, since everyone and their mother loves this place, but I did not love my meal. We first started off with fried calamari and potato gnocchi bolognese to share. The calamari was good (not out of this world) and the gnocchis were a bit on the hard side. Not what I expected. I am sure they were homemade, however they needed to be cooked just a tad bit more. For my meal, I had the filet mignon and our table shared a number of different sides. As far as the filet is concerned, I asked for it to be medium rare and it was just plain old rare. So rare that I couldn't really eat it. I should have sent it back to be cooked a bit longer (my fault), however I didn't want to be "that" girl at the table. As far as the sides are concerned, the butternut squash dish was delicious. The spinach was a bit on the salty side. The mushrooms were a bit overcooked, they were just a little bit too crispy. The dessert however was very good. We had the lemon cheesecake, assorted cookies, butter cream crepes and something else that I can't remember. My favorite would have to be the assorted cookies.As far as the staff is concerned, everyone was extremely friendly and attentive.
3	UPDATE:  Okay I had to come and update my review b/c I did call and speak to a manager regarding the messed up bill and they corrected the mix up. It did take some time but the effort was made, so for that, they deserve a star back! I still can't give more than 3 stars for raw fleshy steak but I'm down with the customer service :) Thanks!Maybe I'll come back when I have more than 2 hours to sit and enjoy the meal. That way, if there are any issues, I can give them a legit chance to fix it, though hopefully it doesn't come to that. ************************I had higher expectations but sadly, I can only give 2 stars.My medium-rare steak was completely RARE and they messed up our bill -- our server accidentally (I'm giving him the benefit of the doubt) doubled our gratuity, which I didn't realize until 3 days later, when the payment cleared. At $130 for a steak, I would expect perfection. The steak is served table-side and they cut up the steak for you. So we didn't want to send it back to be cooked longer b/c it was already cut into serving pieces and would lose all of its juice, so sad. We couldn't ask them to make it again, as we were on a time crunch, and I'm hardly that kind of a diner anyway, though at those high prices, I might have done so if I had the time.Anyway, the food wasn't bad, the service was great, wine list was superb, and the ambiance was lovely, but just can't give a higher rating. Sorry, messing up steak at a steakhouse is unforgivable. Oh and the hostess was pretty hostile. Ew.
4	I had the pleasure of dining at Carnevino a couple of weeks ago.  They have an extensive menu to choose from including a Beef Tasting Menu but I was there to try the Riserva Steak which luckily they were serving when I went. I started with the Foie Gras with shaved truffles.  It was one of the daily specials.  Pricey but oh so good.  For my main course I ordered the Riserva Porterhouse.  Price is by the inch and I ordered 1 1/2 inches.  I don't remember the exact size but it was a decent amount of meat and I would guess it was at least 12 oz.  They carve it for you table side.  For a side dish, I ordered the Italian Broccoli with Smoked Pork.  The steak was good.  It definitely has a funky flavor but not in a bad way.  I don't quite get the Blue Cheese references but it was good none the less.  Given the price I probably wouldn't order it again but it was worth trying at least once.  The Italian Broccoli was good but I thought it that was a bit on the cold side.  For dessert, I had the dark chocolate cake.  It was good but nothing remarkable.Service was excellent.  The server was quite knowledgeable about the entire menu.  I had to wait about 5 minutes initially to get seated but I also changed my reservation to an earlier time so I let that slide.  Overall I enjoyed my experience at Carnevino and I would repeat in the future.
3	I'm only giving 3 stars because at these prices I expect to be wowed and I was not. I've never seen a wine list so ridiculous in my life. Maybe 2 bottles under $100, most well over $300. This was a business dinner so we had a wide variety of very pricey appetizers, meats, cheeses, foie, all of which underwhelmed and certainly not worth the price. My filet was simple but good. The pasta prices were also ridiculous with the entree sizes at about $50 each.2 colleagues had these and they were fine, not great. The sides were all underwhelming, cauliflower, beets, potatoes. This was not  as good as CUT, Stripsteak, or Craftsteak and the menu certainly was no where close to any of these others.
1	This place was a joke for dinner last night. Terrible service. Took 20 minutes twice to get a drink. Beef was ok nothing special. Don't waste our time and money. 3 hours took get dinner and that did'nt include the dessert. This place is for suckers!
4	I wasn't sure what to expect at Mario Batalli's restaurant in the Palazzo Hotel and Casino and this was going to be our big night out so our fingers were crossed that this would be good. Our debit card had been suspended due to a shopping trip I had taken earlier to La Perla (oops) so S was on the phone trying to tell Bank of America that we were in fact in Las Vegas while I waited for him at the restaurant's entrance (they wouldn't seat us until we were both there). This wasn't a big deal because they offered prosciutto wrapped bread sticks which were delicious. When seated S remarked that there were only 4-tops in the restaurant which was fabulous for a party of two - you could stretch out while feeling cozy at the same time. The restaurant's atmosphere echo's its steakhouse vibe and I was surprised at how gigantic the restaurant really is. We were seated in the front room and only realized on a trip to the restroom that the place goes back quite far. Upon sitting down, we were brought our immense menus and if I thought NOBU's menu was confusing I was in for quite a time with this one. This menu isn't confusing so much as immense. It's physically quite large and our waiter explained that typical of Italian dining you order an antipasti, a pasta and then a meat course. We dove right it. To start, I had the Big Eye Tuna Crudo and S had the Dry Aged Beef Carpaccio on Arugula and both were delicious. For our pasta course, I ordered the Ricotta and Egg Raviolo while S had the "Spago" with lamb ragu. My plate was insane. One lone raviolo sat in a pool of brown butter and when you cut into it the egg underneath ran out and the cheese mixed with it and made just utter fabulous-ness all around. Finally, the meat. Up to this point we were impressed but given that this was a steak house, we were holding back all judgment until our final course. I ordered the Lamb Chops "Scottadita" with a cumin scented yogurt sauce and S had the Bone In New York Strip. We were blown away. S said that his steak was amazing - with a nice char on the outside while the inside was perfectly pink. My lamb chops were delicious and had that gamey flavor that comes with good lamb. What struck us the most was that while this was a high end dining establishment, there was also a certain amount of casualness that made it comfortable. In this beautiful and dim dining room they were blasting the Rolling Stones. The sommelier was really approachable and  became like a good friend when he realized our interest in wine which was a nice touch as he recommended some great ones (which I sadly can't remember now). The wine list is incredible so if you like Italian wines, go crazy. Essentially, CarneVino felt like Mario Batalli was in the kitchen cooking your dinner. No detail was overlooked and everything was incredible. I wish he'd open a restaurant in the Bay Area because that man knows Italian food.
5	My party of three decided to come for a major splurge - and such a splurge it was.  Celebrating two birthdays and a good streak in the markets gave a great pretext for ordering an absolutely amazing meal.  The Riserva Porterhouse 1.5 inches served with 15 gm of shaved Tartufo Blanco, and a porterhouse for 2 was shared by the table, along with Italian Broccoli and Smoked pork.  We opened with the divine Jamon di Iberico (I'm using the Italian spelling of di, by the way, given the restaurant - don't knock it.)A bottle of 1982 Barolo and a 1998 were uncorked and aired, and quaffed with glee.  The copper penny element of the Barolo was unusual, but remarkable when paired with the Riserva.The steaks were prepared rare as we requested, and the Sommelier was exceedingly helpful.The food was striking and memorable, and the dry aged Riserva (aged 8 months) was unlike any meat I've had yet.  Is it perfection?  No.  But give me another Riserva steak, and I'll happy to let them try again!
4	I came here recently for a business dinner. The service is phenomenal. Knowledgable about everything on the menu, including the individual farms all the produce came from. When served, it was perfectly choreographed so everyone at the table received their food at the same time.Ok on to the food. I started with the caprese salad which was the best I've ever had. The mozzarella just melted in my mouth. The starter bread was fantastic, crusty on the outside but soft and warm on the inside. It came with a soft butter and I thought whipped olive oil, which turned out to be lardo (lard or back fat) - which tastes good but this non meat eater had to put it down. The roast chicken was good, not outstanding but good. Mashed potatoes were ok but the mushrooms were delish. Others at my table got the filet mignon with shaved truffles an they all said it was the best steak they've ever had. Dessert was a trio of sorbet, again good but nothing special. Overall the experience was fantastic and decor was romantic. The food was good but a bit inconsistent. I would go again just for the service and to try the pasta, which I was admiring on another table. It's a bit expensive for what you get.
4	My girlfriends and I were out celebrating a birthday. Well, we were really in Vegas for that, but I digress. A surefire way to get all dressed up for a fancypants dinner, we made reservations per the request of the birthday girl, and were all set to head out here. One of my friends and I shared the Rib Eye for two. However, they seemed to have gotten our doneness switched with our other friend's fillet. We weren't sure, but we just chugged along. The other got the potato gnocchi and considering she had nothing else left on her plate.... I wish I lived there just so I could take over the left overs, but instead I gave my leftovers to the one I shared with since she lives there. We also had the the cauliflower and the mashed potatoes. They put a poached egg in the potatoes. um. okay. sure. They were okay sides. Desserts. OH MY! I would go back just for the desserts. The service was great. They took care of us. Thanks. But looks like Prime at Bellagio is still my go to steakhouse in Vegas.
5	The unofficial Internet poker baller's steakhouse of choice for good reason, its great.The restaurant has two distinct dining areas.  The Taverna is a good choice for a snack anytime.  Lets just say the best calamari anywhere.  Lightly dusted with rice flour, fried crisp and served with a spicy tomato sauce.  Wow!  The beef carpaccio is equally good.The restaurant proper offers more in-depth choices of antipasti, pasta, and meat.  There is something for everyone.  Veal sweetbreads are impressive. The veal chop is incredible but at $75 it better be.  The lamb is also wonderful.  Perfectly trimmed and not excessively fatty.  Steaks are very good.  Table side service for the shared steaks adds a nice touch.  Keep in mind, this is not a true steakhouse.  Its all about offering high quality, land based red meat, prepared well.The clientele is very eclectic.  Well dressed folks for an evening on the town and on a recent visit, my bud and I in jeans and t-shirt off from a hard day of grinding.  Bottom line, they make you feel welcome.The wine list is well chosen.  By the glass list is equally good.  Prices are average for Vegas.Worth its baller status!
5	Excellent service, food, and atmosphere.Cheap for a Vegas steakhouse.  Will definitely be coming back.
4	Ordered the "Beef Tasting Menu":Hand-Cut Carne Crudawith brioche and local eggBeef Cheek Ravioliwith aceto balsamico Wet Aged Beefwith market beans, tomato and salsa verdeDry Aged "BBL" Beefwith funghi, truffle terrine, porcini cremaMaple Panna Cottacandied pecansI was treated to my dining experience, but the beef tasting seemed worth the price. Each plate was very different from the next and equally as delicious. I will definitely go back to taste some more beef.I suggest ordering an appetizer with a side of "Lardo". The staff was also very helpful and willing to offer their opinions on the menu.
2	for all the hype and hoopla let me say very disappointed from the wait 30mins past our reservation to our server who lacked any enthusiasm to be pushed into the little room across the hall just disappointed went  tonight for my and friends 30th birthday it was 6 of us service was sub par fodd was just ehhhh defiantly not the best steak i ever had the bone in rib eye salad and sides were lacking for the price you pay here should be something that leaves you talking about for days how good it was asked for nonrosemary bread for one of the people we were with took 20 mins and 3 little slices one word to summerize is disappointed
4	Very good quality food.  Carnevino is more well known for their steaks and boy, are they huge!  The steaks are thick.  Between 3 of us, we shared an order of "La Florentina" (which serves 2), a side of broccoli and a pasta side.  The pasta, the Bucantini all amatriciana, was delicious.  The waiter mentioned that this pasta is Mario Batalli's favorite pasta, and I would highly recommend this.  The Broccoli was delicious as well.  When the steak is ready to be served, the waiter will push a cart and take the steak out of the oven they use to keep warm as they transport it from kitchen to your table.  Carved fresh at your table, your mouth will start salivating at the sight.  The food was amazing and the service was impeccable.  However, my only gripe about this place is the price.  But that's not going to stop me from coming here again.  I've heard great things about this place and I now know why.  I'll be seeing you again, Carnevino... as soon as I win another hand.
1	The portions were tiny, tiny but the pasta was good. My father in law had pasta that was way undercooked. The wine list is extensive and very expensive. When the wine Stewart was asked to recommend a wine around $75, he told me that there was another wine in the same price range that he recommended, and said "it's a lot more wine for the same price". So I ordered it and then ordered two more. That wine cost $130 per bottle. When we received the bill, I was shocked and asked to speak to him. He was inflexible, smug and acted arrogant. I also filled out a comment card and personally handed it to the manager but have not heard back. I will never go back to this restaurant because of the way in which I was treated. I made sure the tip reflected the type of service we had received. I strongly recommend choosing someplace else to spend your hard earned money on an expensive dinner since there are so many to choose from. I bet this restaurant will go out of business soon with a staff like that. Don't waste your money!!!
4	a delicious meal with some wonderful friends made for an awesome christmas eve dinner.what i ate:- bread was ciabatta rolls. came out with rosemary lardo and sweet butter. the ciabatta rolls were yummy and oily. i loved the rosemary lardo, but i was the only one at the table who liked it. tasted like yummy rosemary flavored fat! whats not to like?!- rib eye for two: omg, perfection! just enough fat to make it tasty, tender and juicy. cooked to perfection. they carved the huge fred flinstone sized steak table side and drizzled our plates with some extra virgin olive oil. the lady at the other table straight up picked up the huge rib bone and actually gnawed on it. shes kind of my hero.- porcini bearnaise sauce: yummy yummy. rich and deep mushroom flavor. pretty awesome and oh so fatty. - bison: PERFECTION. i really loved the bison!!! didnt taste gamey at all! soooooooo tender and perfectly made- parpadelle: delicious! fresh pasta! wonderful flavors of mushroom- sauteed brussel sprouts w/pancetta (side): not a fan of brussel sprouts in general so this wasnt the best for me - italian broccoli w/house smoked pork (side): good- spinach w/garlic and hot peppers (side): loved this. the hot peppers gave this a nice kick- cesare's 'tuscan fries' (side): basically potato wedges with garlic and parm.- white truffle pasta dish. im sorry, i didnt order it so i wasnt sure what it was called, but it was one of the specials for the day. this was so disappointing. you ate and tried so hard to love it, but there was nothing to love. you think white truffles and you expect to get your socks knocked off, but nothing happened after a bite. it wasnt that the dish was bad, it was nice and buttery and rich, but it wasnt OUTSTANDING. totally not worth the $50 that came with it so we sent it back. - cheese plate: not on the menu! but we asked, and our server said they could whip something up. came out with a blue cheese, double cream goat cheese, parm, pecorino, pear slices, and i asked our server to give us some almonds and some crostini.pros:- the MEAT! all the meat was cooked to perfection. i cant speak for anything else, but if its a steakhouse, i highly suggest sticking to the meat! if you cant wrangle someone else to share the rib eye with you, go for the bison!- service: fairly attentive and outrageously polite and sooooooo accommodating! they let us move when we didnt like the first table we were placed. they were so polite when we complained about the white truffle dish and replaced it quickly. there was always quick and attentive refills of all our water and wine glasses. i asked if they had a cheese plate and they said no, but our server said they would whip something up for us. when i asked for almonds to come out with our cheese plate, he was more than happy to bring us some. cons:- the sides were ... unimpressive. they were tasty, but at $9 a pop, i was expecting a bit more. maybe we picked the wrong sides. - white truffle pasta dish. my review of it is above.- empty! on our way to the bathroom i was so surprised to see how EMPTY the restaurant was. i guess with all the high end dining available in vegas, its difficult to compete. would i come again? ... maybe. but, i think id prefer trying another place out on my next vegas trip.
2	I WANTED to like this place, No....wanted to LOVE This place. Read the reviews, booked the resi all based on fellow writer reviews. I hope we just hit it at a bad time, but gut says its just not that good. We were the second table seated last Wednesday. Seated in the giant main area at a table right by the bar. The place has no warmth, its am impressive room but way to big for me and lacking any sustainable character.  As usual with Vegas hostess seats us with no menu.  Waiter comes with menus, many menus, three to be exact. one big one, one with specials, one with other specials.  Asks the typical tap or bottled water question and no drink order. Ok, no big deal.   Comes back after 15 minutes or so, really? place is not busy yet, its maybe 5:15.  takes our order.  Bread comes, its a ciabatta, two spreads, one a rendered pork fat and one butter.  Bread is average, fat is always good.   We start with the Gnocchi,  Strike one.  Bland sauce, bland presentation. You sure your Italian Mario?   Next we split the arugula salad, not bad but nothing to write home about either.  Main courses are Saltimbocca for me and a filet for my wife with a add on of a $44 dollar lobster tail.   Strike two on the Saltimbocca, i love this dish normally everywhere. Overdone, bland, very salty, presentation three medallions  on a plate that is it. Wish i took a picture. The chefs must have phoned it in that night. The filet, below average. Not a good cut of meat , which surprised me as this was touted as a great steakhouse.   That was strike three.   We did get a mashed potato side, which was more of a puree. Decent. Tough to mess up potatoes, lots of butter, and an egg. But somehow this mess was the only bright start because the others were so lacking in shine. Waiter seemed bored to be there, check came to well over $200 bucks, I still tipped the 20% as it is the holidays and well maybe the main staff was in italy on mario's estate learning all the good things the restaurant has to offer that others have written about.  We wont be back...sorry Mario! see my write up on Mastro's at the City Center. A++
4	Great quality food, great service, great atmosphere. I agree with many reviewers that this place is very delicious but also very pricey. I really disagree with the price-point that Carnevino has set so only 4/5 stars. But for now, the food is so good that I'm sort of willing to overlook the high mark-up on the food and drinks.Food comes out hot and beautiful! Table-side carving and service, very attentive service. The wine selection here is INSANE! So much to choose from, everything from medium-end to very high end. I don't drink or know wine well enough so I had the market cocktail which was a seasonl berry mix cocktail. It was strong and delicious, very refreshing.We ordered a lot of stuff, see pics! Here is what I remember us ordering:1. The famous bone-in ribeye which was sooo juicy and tender. The filet cut was my favorite part :) 2.  Veal chops which was also juicy and tender. This wasn't the group's favorite but was still pretty good so that's saying somethin'!3. Porterhouse which was tender and perfectly cooked. I don't even like fat but this time, I did.4. Spinach side, broccoli side, and mashed potatoes and egg side all which were good with the steaks.5. Gelato and apple fritter for desserts - both were delicate and delicious. An extra note on the service: The servers really know their stuff! I learned a lot about a cow in one sitting! I was very impressed with how well they carved the meat while explaining the wonderful world of steak(s).
5	We went to Vegas looking to have some great food experiences. In Carnevino my husband and I found it. As with the other 2 Batali restaurants I have been to, the atmosphere is nice, but casual at the same time. There is no pretention or formality. U2 was coming through on the speakers, giving the whole place a chill vibe. The waiters are also top notch. They also have an amazing wine list, full of Italian varietals to explore.We each started with a first course, then split a pasta course and split an entree. We even split dessert. It was more than enough food for the 2 of us. I started with the Iberico ham plate. The ham was so buttery and delicious, it melted on my tongue. It also came with these wonderful pillows made of dough. It was a pricey appetizer, but worth every penny! My husband had a giant shrimp ala diavola. It was huge! You have to have pasta here. We split the bucatini all'amatriciana, upgraded to the entree size. It was a simple pasta with red sauce. I loved it! The simple ingredients really let the pasta shine through. For our entree we split the osso bucco. It is one of my favorite dishes. I have had osso bucco all over the country, and they really got it right at Carnevino. Not only did the veal have great flavor and was so tender it fell off of the bone, but the bone itself had a huge amount of marrow. So good! We split some vanilla, pistachio and chocolate gelato for desert. Overall a wonderful meal. We each had a cocktail and a glass of wine with dinner and I believe our overall  bill with tip was around $220. Of course we did get one expensive appetizer and our entree was pricey as well, so you can eat here for less. If you can splurge, this would be a great place to.
3	As a huge fan of Osteria Mozza, I was really looking forward to eating at Carnevino and had high hopes.  My expectations, however, were a bit tempered by the fairly large number of negative reviews on Yelp.  I have to say that overall the food was very good as was the service, but nothing was particularly memorable and it was definitely overpriced - even for a steakhouse.Perusing the menu beforehand, KM and I were interested in the Beef Tasting Menu, but the very first thing the waiter told us when we sat down was that the tasting menu was only available if all five of us wanted it.  Since three folks didn't, KM and I were out of luck.  Our group ended up sharing a couple appetizers, sides, bottles of wine, and KM and I shared the bone in ribeye for two.Our dishes included:-- Bread with Lardo: This came to the table right away.  I wasn't particularly enamored with the lardo.  It has an interesting flavor but I would've preferred some olive oil.-- Carne Cruda (steak tartare): Excellent preparation of steak tartare.  Exactly as it should be done.-- Italian Brocolli with Smoked Pork: Pork makes everything better but even with the pork this dish just wasn't very exciting.-- Mashed potatoes with Poached Egg: Very good, rich, and creamy.  I'll have to try to make this at home.-- Bone-in Ribeye for two: The waiter cut this tableside and added a bit of salt and olive oil.  A very good steak, cooked perfectly, but definitely not the best I've ever had.
5	If in the future I commit some terrible crime and am sentenced to death and therefore offered the historical "last meal" I will request Carnevino. Yes my friends, it really is that good. My better half and myself ordered the "Beef Tasting" menu with the supplemental "Wine Flight". As soon as we sat down, our server promptly greeted us and slowly went through each of the specials for the evening. We hemmed and hawed on splitting the Rib eye for two but she talked us into the Beef Tasting menu assuring us we would not be disappointed. What we ate: Hand-Cut Carne Cruda with brioche and local egg. To die for. I could have ate five servings of this. It was delicious, slightly buttery, melt in your mouth meat. My boyfriend loathes eggs with a passion but even he admitted that somehow Mario Batali magically transformed that egg into something he relished. Next came the Beef Cheek Ravioli with aceto balsamico. The server explained to us that the balsamic was aged 125 years. 125 year old balsamic? I fought the urge to channel my inner ghetto child, however, she won out and I asked for more bread so I could sop up the extra balsamic that was left on my plate. Seriously it was that good. Next we had a Wet Aged Beef that was served with some sort of thinly sliced Au gratin potatoes. Next was a Dry Aged Beef. Desert was a Chocolate Panna Cotta and Vanilla Biscotti. Every single thing I ate that night surpassed my expectations. The service was spot on. I loved that they literally educated you on several processes, varietals, etc. while you sat there. For the quality of food and service I felt the price point was more than fair.
2	This place was a let down.We anticipated excellent steak given the celebrity chef name, it being in the Palazzo as well as it being a freaking steakkhouse. The prices were high but the quality was lacking. The meat was not cooked to order (at a steakhouse!!!) and really wasn't flavorful. Its as id they try to make up for poor quality meat with their extravagant sizes. Make no mistake you get huge cuts of meat and excellent service but as you can see from some of the other reviews, its just not as good as it should be.Sorry Mario but you need to make sure your kitchens up to par here.
5	If you guys want to know what my favorite steak place is on the westcoast?, it is Carnevino @ The Palazzo in Las Vegas. When it comes to great steak, and I am a big-time beef eater and I eat lots of it so I know a good steak when I eat one. My favorite is the steak served for two. It is HUGE and I really mean it.  The steaks here blows all the other steaks I've had in zagat rated,michelin starred high end restaurants, and other steakhouses out the water besides the steak my husband makes , which is seriously hands-down and simply the best steak I've ever tasted period. lolBut I heart Carnevino!!! I always enjoy coming here !!! Btw superb wine list knowledgeable waiters and excellent service. =)
4	Had the reserved dry aged rib eye steak (6months) which was delicious. Very tender and the dry aging process gave it a subtle earthy flavor . friend had the halibut which was excellent. Also had the octopus appetizer which was good but I have had better.  I've tried a couple other appetizers,overall the main courses (steak) were the best part of the experience.  I would def come back to have that ribeye again.  Been here a couple  times, and the first time is always the best.  2nd time wasn't bad but wasn't as good.  Oh and both times, the sommelier made excellent and reasonable suggestions
5	Amazing meal.  Read a lot of reviews trying to find the perfect steak, after visiting I believe I made the right choice.   Service and food were excellent and I agree with most of the reviews on yelp.
3	Not the greatest location, with it being on the casino floor, but it had a nice ambiance. We had an interesting experience here with several odd things happening.First of all, one of our party ordered a glass of wine, and as the server poured the wine, he appeared to be spilling wine all over the table, and being indifferent his poor pouring ability. Once the splashing was noticed, he realized what was happening, and it turns out that the wine glass had a hole the size of a quarter in the glass. A perfect circle cut out of the side of the glass. Very strange. He replaced the glass and served a new glass of wine, and it became a comical event. Then things took a turn for the worse.We ordered a filet, orecchiette, a ravioli dish, and mushrooms. We ordered the grilled octopus, as an appetizer, on the servers recommendation. And we also debated on whether to order the brussel sprouts or the broccoli, and again the server recommended the brussel sprouts, so went on his recommendation and went that route.Then the dinner came, and we were given the broccoli, not the brussel sprouts, and no grilled octopus. When we asked about the octopus, the server replied 'Oh, i forgot to put it in.'.... ?!?!?! Then we asked about the brussel sprouts, and he told us we ordered the broccoli, which had definitely not ordered. At this point, things were not looking good for Carnevino, it seemed to be a comedy of errors. The server then came and told us he put in the grilled octopus and he would comp it, which was unnecessary, but appreciated.Finally, we ate our food..... and all was forgiven. The orecchiette was great, a little small in portion, especially while splitting it between two people, but it had great flavor. The steak was well cooked and had excellent taste. I did not taste the ravioli, but I heard no complaints either. While we were eating they brought out the grilled octopus and it was completely worth the wait. It tasted amazing. I was with three people who had never had octopus, and were reluctant to try it, but I badgered them to give it a taste, and they all three equally loved it.Despite the serving snafu's the actual meal was very pleasing. And the server did atone for any mistakes he may have made throughout the meal. I don't know if I would return here, due to all the eating options at the Palazzo/Venetian, but I would recommend others to give it a try and taste the octopus at the very least.
3	I always hear about Carnevino and we finally got a chance to try it.  Hostess was great, adjusted our table and sat us right away.  The restaurant has a nice atmosphere.  A huge window towards the back to overlook the strip.  In the middle of the room is a large wine table.  For appetizers we ordered:**CARNE CRUDA ALLA PIEMONTESEchopped to order Steak Tartare with raw mushrooms.--My friend LOVES this dish,  for me, it was ok.  I don't eat raw beef that often unless I'm in Canada, but this was ok.  Not too memorable for me.**GRILLED OCTOPUSpickled vegetables and limoncello--This dish was my favorite.  The minute you bite into it there's a shot of flavor that goes into your mouth.  **FRIED CALAMARImarinara and pickled hot peppers--You can never go wrong with fried calamariFor the Entrees we ordered:**BLACK FETTUCINEcrab, jalapenos, and shallots--I've never seen black fettucine and I tried a bit from my friend's plate.  It was very flavorful.  I definitely want to go back and try a full plate**TORTELLONIlobster and tarragon--This was a delicious dish as well.  This and the black fettucine itself would be a reason for me to come back**DRY AGED BONE IN RIBEYE (Medium Rare)--This thing is huge.  They first show you as a whole, and then cut it table side.  They put the bone on the side and explain that it's the meat is very sweet on the bone**FILET MIGNON--You're typical filet mignonFor our sides we ordered:**ROASTED BEETS WITH PISTACHIOS AND GORGONZOLA**SAUTEED BRUSSELS SPROUTS WITH PANCETTA**ROASTED SHIITAKES WITH ACETO BALSAMICO**ITALIAN BROCCOLI WITH HOUSE SMOKED PORK All the sides were delicious and complimented what we ordered.  Dessert:  **SORBETTI:  QUINCE, BLOOD ORANGE, PEAR--I loved all 3 flavors.  Quince tasted a little like apple sauce, blood orange and pear was just refreshing after a heavy mealSo overall the food was great, service.....well that could've used some improvement.  We had to wave down the server a few times, which didn't make me happy.  When he first approached our table to take our order, one of my friends asked him a question and he excused himself and didn't come back for a while.  Later on, when we asked for our bill (after waving him down again) my friends brought it to his attention that they had made it clear it was my birthday when they made the reservations.  We also noticed that one of my friends didn't get the 'VANILLA BEAN AFFOGATO' he ordered.  Instead it appeared the waiter ordered an americano.  The waiter tried to rectify the situation by bringing out a DARK CHOCOLATE CAKE w/ vanilla huckleberries + a candle.  The dessert was delicious, but sort of ruined my refreshing dessert I had ordered previously.  As my friend Duke says, bad service I can tolerate, but I can't tolerate bad food.   So Carnevino, you're lucky your food is oh so good lol.  I will be returning to try the black fettucine + tortellini.
4	The Porterhouse Reserve was the absolute best piece of beef i've ever eaten. Seriously out of this world. The only thing keeping my review from being a 5 is the price of dining... Ya get what you pay for though!
2	I was quite disappointed in Carnevino.  I expected much better.  The service was very slow, very inattentive.  I should never be refilling my wine myself when buying a bottle.  The servers didn't seem to communicate well.  Dont get me wrong the service was ok, but didn't fare much better than a night at the olive garden.  The food was....eh.  The stories are correct they will even tell you when you order a steak to order it cooked one temp higher because they under cook.  Seriously, you serve steak round the clock, you should know how to cook a steak by now.  I had to order it medium to get medium rare, completely unacceptable.  It did come out as I wanted which was medium rare, however it was charred on the outside.  The cooks need a trip to Old Homestead at Borgata or NY to see how a steak is suppose to be cooked.  It's suppose to seal the flavor not change it to burnt.  The italian fare was again very so so.  Again din;t get me wrong, if the cost was half of what it is, then I wouldn't be bothered.  But when I spend that much (and I do alot) then I expect a certain level of quality, and they just dont have it.
5	Not just a chophouse, every dish is infused with true & authentic cuisine. Beyond extraordinary -- try the veal chop, it will change your life.
5	The service is amazing and the dry aged bone in rib eye is to DIE for! Be sure to call in for a table and they are very accommodating for special events you just have to tell them before hand. The service is quite nice at the restaurant, but would you expect less from a restaurant that does table side cravings for their bone in steaks?They also have a huge selection of wine, and the pairings with the food is just perfect. We had the truffle Foe Gras for a starter and it was quite amazing, the foe gras was of amazing quality, yet the star of the dish the black truffles was over powered by the wonderful foe gras and the sauce. Overall great dish, but could have used another shaving of truffles. The meal also comes with rosemary bread and a choice of butter or lardo, but their lardo is not the real lardo. The real stuff taste like the best bacon and the best pancetta and so much more and it just melts in your mouth and makes you wanna drink the pure pig fat. Yet the one at carnevino taste like a bar of soap thats lightly seasoned, i would avoid it. Then the main course the thing we came for, what makes this restaurant known for is the dry aged meats bone in that are carved table side. We got the rib eye and was it good, it meets up to the hype of the restaurant. The quality of meat is amazing and the fact its been dry aged and lightly seasoned right before its served to you. Truly carnevino has served me one of the best steaks you can get in the west coast. Don't come to the restaurant and order something else go for what they are know for and definitely  get the dry aged bone in rib eye or porter house. We also got sides, we got the squash with couscous and the mashed potatoes with mascarpone both where okay, but i would skip the squash because the pairing with the steak was not a match and the mash was okay, but a disappointment since it was just average not amazing. I guess we can't expect everything to be amazing and the steak was so good it put everything to shame. The steak alone can give this place 5 stars.A definitely must go to in vegas if you are  a meat lover.
5	I went here on Christmas Eve with my mom, and I just have to say it was one of the best meals I had ever had.The location is a little bit awkward and unconventional, since it's split into two with the two areas being right near the slots and escalators. I didn't mind much, because it's not awfully noisy or terrible.Our waiter was amazing. He was very professional, very quick, and he carved our steak with such elegance that I was actually, ACTUALLY awe-struck.We got the Dry Aged Bone in Ribeye (for two) with sauteed brussel sprouts and a seasonal side of butternut squash. The butternut squash was delightful; I had no complaints about that one. But, the sauteed brussel spouts were really delicious. They were cooked just right, and had a light crispy crunch to them, while at the same time, not being too greasy. Onto the good part. I have to say, if you go to Carnevino, you NEED to get the Dry Aged Bone in Ribeye. Yeah, so it's $65 per person, but I would have to say it's totally worth it. They brought this ginormous thing of meat out on this wooden board over this dainty little cart. Our waiter carved it right in front of us, and served it to us, arranging it nicely on our plates with wonderful presentation as if we weren't already impressed. When they were done, they left the giant bone on a plate for us and advised that the meat next to the bone is amazing. That we should try it. Well, of course!Although there was too much steak, and as much as I wanted to finish everything, I stuffed myself until I physically could just not fit any more meat into my stomach. I did end up trying the meat off the bone. It was divine. Not only was the texture different, but the taste was different from the rest!We also asked our waiter for a wine suggestion. He poured us a nice glass of Cabernet, which went amazingly with the beef.I'm confident about this place enough to say that it was probably the best meal I have ever, ever had. And I've had many meals in my lifetime.
5	For the yelp of god I cannot understand how this oasis gets less than five stars. Fresh-baked bread, served piping hot, with (get this people) butter AND emulsified pork fat. Yes, pork fat. That you can spread. On your hot roll. Are they joking? No this is Vegas and they do it like that. Began with dry-aged beef carpaccio. Mounds and mounds served family style over deliciously bitter, yet balanced, greens. The carpaccio itself was both rich and salty. Next we moved onto a 1/2 order of pasta. I cannot recall exactly what we had, but it involved lamb and was house-made, al dente as is expected, and was rich with a finish of fresh tomato and basil. Onto the main.... shared the 20 oz. pork chop. Holy shite, yes, it was 20 ozs. There was a crusty outer layer of caramelized maple glaze and the chop itself was as juicy as can be. Full, happy and having had exceptional food and service, we went out, determined to lose our fortunes on the Wizard of Oz machine. 5 stars for Batali and the staff of Carnevino.
2	The service and the presentation were great.  The food was really only so-so, IMHO. The portions were what I call, "Fancy French Restaurant Small." My group ate more of a family style meal where we ordered several things and all shared. The cheese plate was great, but the antipasto was again, only OK.  The little deepfried Parmesan Cheese balls were the highlight of the meal! Then 3 different pastas all lacking much flavor and with NO size at all.  Lastly the meat;  the Steak was fatty and overcooked and really not good or flavorful.  The Lamb chops, I must say, were really outstanding.  Some of the best I have had, but the steak was a big disappointment.I guess what really sums it up is that the food might have been better to me if it wasn't so expensive.  For the price, it just didn't measure up.  I have had far better meals for far less. The bill with one of the most reasonable wines on the list came out to about an average of $215.00 each!!Sorry Mario, I really wanted to like this place but just couldn't!
5	This is my go to place for an amazing steak. In fact  some of my most memorable meals were here. The wine is exceptional. The Riserva cut when they have it is sublime and all the sides and pastas are excellent.
4	First off, let me explain why the 4 star rating.  It gets 4 stars for its steak, which was very good, but about average for what I consider a restaurant of this caliber.  It was fun to watch them carve it table side, and it was very appetizing, but the steak in my opinion was what I would get at any good steakhouse.  My favorite part of the meal was the pasta that I got as part of the BBL tasting menu.  The beef cheek ravioli was amazing, and I can definitely say the most outstanding dish of the meal.  Even the other pasta, the pappardelle with mushrooms, was in my opinion better than the steak.  For an Italian steakhouse, they at least got the Italian part right.  Yes the fresh bread was very good, and very hot, and the butter that came with it was good, however, the Lardo was way to heavy on the rosemary, you couldn't taste anything else with it. The wine was my 2nd favorite part of the meal, it was superb.  I did the wine pairing with the tasting menu, and it was just wow, and each wine was so different from the others.  I really liked how the server or sommelier would explain each one and the nuances about it while serving it.  If your afraid of ordering wine, just have a sommelier brought over and tell them what you like and your price range and they'll make suggestions based on that.  This was one meal that was brought up a notch due to the wine.  On the whole, I would give it a 4.5 star rating if possible, but that would be entirely because of the amazing pasta and service that we received.
4	Carnevino is Mario Batali's high-end steakhouse in Las Vegas (located in The Palazzo).  With steakhouses, the first thing people want to know is if the steak is good.  The steak here was very good (some of the best I've had).  Of course, a lot of these high-end steakhouses put out good quality steaks that are cooked to the appropriate temperature.  They tend to struggle with the other menu items though--the starters, sides and desserts.  Unfortunately, Carnevino is too similar to other steakhouses in that respect.Carnevino is huge and boisterous.  They keep the restaurant pretty dark.  The decor is nice and the seating is comfortable, but the overall look and design of the restaurant is nothing new (or impactful).  They do feature a large bronze bull statue at the front.The complimentary bread included cheese puffs that were good.  I cannot remember what other bread was served, but it was at least okay.I started with the big eye tuna crudo, which featured tuna sashimi dressed in a vinaigrette with a side of radish and cucumber salad.  The tuna was fresh and good though it was a very small portion.  Some of it was a little over salted.  The radish and cucumber salad was fresh and crisp.For my pasta, I had the fruit di mare, which featured spaghetti with a tomato sauce, lobster, squid, shrimp, and clams.  The seafood was a generous portion.  I liked the lobster and the shrimp.  The squid was fine.  The clams were just okay; I've had better.  The clams here were not as meaty and tender as I would have liked.  There was a little bit of grit and sand in some of the shellfish though.The tomato sauce had a little bit of heat to it, but it was quite thin, watery and bland.  The waiter said that all of their pastas were housemade, but the spaghetti did not taste like housemade spaghetti.  Maybe it was, but I have had better housemade spaghetti at other restaurants.I tried my friend's pappardelle dish, which was served with mushrooms.  We both agreed that her pasta was a little bland.  The texture of the pasta was good though.  I was not a fan of the pastas at Batali's Osteria Mozza (though the pastas there were not bland but salty).The main course was good though.  I had a bone-in New York Strip and it had a great char to it.  The inside was nicely medium rare.  It was juicy, flavorful and tender (which is hard to do with a New York Strip because it is lean).They also offer a dry aged bone-in ribeye for two people.  This ribeye gives new meaning to the word bone-in (check the photos on Yelp to see what I mean).  The ribeye was huge and they carve it tableside.  The ribeye was very good--great marbling, juicy, flavorful, and tender (one of the best steaks I've had).I also sampled a little bit of the filet portion from the porterhouse.  This was my least favorite of the steaks.  Maybe the filet was too thick because the center of it was kind of bland.They offer sauces on the side and I tried their wine reduction (Barolo Ristretto), which was oily and had no flavor.I did not get to try many of the sides, but I did try their creamy mashed potatoes (mixed with mascarpone and a poached egg).  The mashed potatoes were very creamy and flavorful.  The other sides sounded good.It was my friend's birthday so Carnevino made a big chocolate cake for the occasion.  The chocolate cake was rich and fudgy, but it was just okay.  We also had some of their gelato on the side (chocolate, vanilla and coffee).  The gelato was a little icy and lacked the creamy, smooth texture that is common with gelato.  The flavors were not that prominent as well.Service was good.  Food came out at a good pace.  We were a large party, but they had a large and attentive staff supporting us.  Before ordering at most restaurants, I engage the server to understand what are the most popular dishes and how are they prepared.  More often than not, I let the server direct me in what to order especially if I sense the server is passionate about the food.  Here though, the waiter was a little pushy.  As soon as we sat down, he was directing us on what to order, how much we need to order and so forth.  Service was still good, but the waiter was just not for me.Carnevino's meat was very good and unlike several Las Vegas restaurants I've dined at, I walked away satisfied.  Prices here (like other Vegas restaurants) were pretty steep, but at least I felt that the main food here (steak) would match up well with some of the other very good steak places I've tried, which makes Carnevino a good Las Vegas option for steak lovers.By the way, my friends said they saw Mario Batali (he was eating with John Cusack near the bar).The Palazzo has complimentary valet parking.  I would imagine like other major casinos that they have complimentary self-parking as well.
2	Wow... talk about disappointing. I just expected a little more from a Mario Batali restaurant I guess. FOOD: 3 stars... My wife ordered the filet and I had the "mixed grill" as our main entrees. The filet was tender ... nothing to write home about. The mixed grill came with 5 different proteins...shrimp, buffalo sausage, hangar steak, guinea fowl, and some type of pork ... Most of it had a lot of flavor except the shrimp was a complete waste. We ordered the mashed potatoes and mushrooms. The mushrooms were EXCELLENT. The potatoes were boring. My wife had a blood orange martini... she just kept telling me it was yummy. SERVICE: 2 stars... the waiter was nice, accommodating and attentive... however their staff SPILLED A HOT SIDE DISH OF SPINACH ON MY BACK. Unbelievable. On top of that... all I got was a simple apology... nothing comped. It was pretty pathetic. I didn't want to make a scene since I was there with 12 other people. But it was pretty ridiculous how that even happened. Ruined my entire dining experience. AMBIANCE: 2 stars.... it's located inside the Palazzo and so it's a large restaurant. Too bad that they threw us in the back where it's tightly packed (appears they accommodate a lot of large parties) and loud. The tight squeeze  probably contributed to the waiter dropping the plate of spinach all over my back. A buddy of mine had the Rib eye for 2. The presentation of them cutting at the table made it look amazing...  but I was told that it wasn't worth the $70/person they charge for it. Overall - 2.5 starsI think I'll stick to some of the other steak houses next time.
5	3rd time here.... Bone-in rib eye is the key to meat lover's heaven. We also enjoyed the skirt steak Carpaccio. It's hotel priced... but you're in LV... why the heck not! We learned from the last time to take it easy on the appetizers cuz, the bone-in is HUGE!!! So we kept it simple.... meat! The sides were yummy too... Roasted beats with Gorgonzola and a brussel sprout and pancetta dish was delish as well.Everyone was perfectly helpful, never was without a server for less than a few minutes, yet was not intruded upon. As we left, everyone was super gracious with good byes and enjoy your night... Was great experience!
4	Really a 3.5 Star At Most, OverallCame here with some friends/couples for a Valentines Dinner. I did research the reviews on this place and was a bit discouraged to find that it had 3.5 Stars with over 240 reviews. I do understand that there are other high caliber steak houses in town that must be taken in consideration when critiquing a place like this. Well, I need to find out myself!The Lowdown on Food:Cheese croquettes: complimentary bite sized balls with a lightly fried breaded crust and a mild salty/cheesy filling. Not bad, others thought it was good and salty for the most part.Ciabatta Square bread with "Lardo" spread (Pork Fat) and Unsalted Butter. Bread was ok. The lardo spread was pretty good just the thought brought so much guilt! The plain butter was fine and surprisingly tasty.Fried Calamari: small delicately breaded squid on a thin layer of marinara and pickled hot peppers. Not chewy and had a oceany flavor to it. Not much bang for the buck ($19)Roasted Cauliflower with Pine Nuts, capers and peperonata: it was definitely roasted and nothing extraordinary. I think they forgot to add in the capers too.. Didn't see any and didn't taste any?* I'm only giving them the benefit of the doubt because of the 2 following orders I'm about to mention:1. Dry Aged Bone-In Ribeye: Served for 2, Approximately 32 ounces and cost a Whopping $130! "BBL is often beyond regular USDA prime standards for marbling and flavor". Claimed to be all natural, hand selected, aged in house and rubbed with only sea salt, black pepper and fresh rosemary.- I'm giving this place the 4 Star Advantage because the Steak was Irresistible!! I got it cooked medium well, slight pink through the middle of the thin slices (Cut Tableside) and a little char on the crust. Came with a Massive Bone (like a foot and quarter long and around 2 inches in diameter!) and Server says "The Best Part of the Steak, go ahead and nibble on it!" I also had their "First Batch Extra Virgin Olive Oil" drizzled around one side of my plate to wipe my meat slices as I pleased. Plus, I ordered a side of Bearnaise sauce for dipping. The steak was Very Tender and their custom Dull "Carnevino Stamped Steak Knife" sliced through it with ease. The simplicity of the few seasonings were light and sensitively used but exactly how a piece of Real Quality Meat should be Treated/Seasoned!! No Ifs, Ands or Buts, Top 3 Steaks I've had in my life!! It didn't need anything to support the flavors but I did try dipping a few pieces in the Bearnaise and it was Absurd how much better it tasted!!  My friend next to me ordered the Bearnaise with Crab mixed in it. I took a scoop with a chunk of creamy crab, it had nice delicate flavors and it transformed the steak into something positively different.. All in All, this came with  with a Heavy Weight  price and probably not worth it too most.. BUT It really was Iron Chef/Mario Batali Worthy!!!2. Signature Mashed Potato with Poached egg and bacon: oh so smooth, soft textured mash with strips of lightly crisped bacon and an egg on top begging for its yolk to be broken and spread through the little iron dish it was served in. Sinfully Delicious!! Only complaint, it was too small!!* Service: One of the worse service I had ever experienced! Many mistakes and amateur decisions such as forgetting to ask everybody what beverage they wanted, Extremely Long Wait with no Updates, Had to be reminded to serve another soda, hostess and staff member was lacking knowledge of menu items.... For the Price they should of Fed us and Wiped our A&%!!!!! On the other hand, the place was quite Nice, had a somewhat Royal Feel to it and I really liked the Chinese Style "Lazy Susan" embedded in their huge round table (convenient  to share the appetizers, sides and such). Lastly, The Bone in Ribeye was One of the Best I've had and the Signature Mashed potato with egg was Drop Dead Delicious!!
4	Great food, nice big bar, but small portions! I know you're a fancy restaurant, but you can afford to fill me up when I order dinner!
5	We were here for a belated birthday dinner. We arrived without reservations, so we weren't able to sit in the dining room, but we were able to get a seat in the dining room (full menu). Our waiter was knowledgeable of the menu, made an excellent wine pairing suggestion, and overall provided good service. We did wait for his attention before we placed our order, but never lacked for bread or beverage refills. Our shared appetizer (prosciutto), entrees (we both had fillet without extra toppings or sauces), and sides (spinach and potatoes) were heavenly. The fillets were cooked exactly as ordered, tender, and flavorful. We skipped dessert in favor of a digestive (Grappa), which the waiter split between us, without our needing to ask for a second glass. I'd definitely return here on a future trip to Vegas, and be excited about going.
5	Dry Aged Bone in Ribeye (for two) - Do it. It's simply incredible. Its three month preparation is all the difference.  Also, the Brussel Sprouts with Pancetta side was scrumptious. Great wine list. Superb, smart service. Batalli, Happy Valentine's Day to you too!
5	Amazing.  The wait staff was great, very knowledgeable and attentive without being annoying.  Our waiter suggested the prosciutto for an appetizer and it was by far the best I've ever had.  I think he said it had been aged for a year and it just melted in your mouth.  I've been looking for an equivalent at restaurants in LA but haven't found anything of that caliber around here.The wife doesn't eat much red meat so she opted for pasta with seafood.  It was awesome!  The pasta was freshly made and you can really tell the difference.  She actually ate the entire dish which rarely happens, and there was none left for me.  My steak was cooked perfectly and delicious.  The waiter was also able to recommend a wine that went well with my meal.  Overall we were very satisfied and would come back again the next time we go to Vegas.
5	I sort of feel a little bad giving this place five stars (again) after our recent repeat trip here. After reading all the reviews, I guess service really does make that difference for most people (me included), however, once again we have walked out of this restaurant with happy sighs escaping our lips. Normally I am not a re-reviewer (tee hee) but our last meal and drinks here in the tavern prompted me. Came in on a Monday at lunch time and had drinks and burgers in the Taverna area. Scott, our bartender was great. We ordered two of the $19.00 burgers and as I cringed a little over the burger price, I sipped on my Blood Orange Martini to take the edge off. Once the burger arrived I realized I would have paid $25.00 for that burger. Hands down the best burger I have EVER had in my entire life. The beef was fabulous and topped with a generous thick slice of pancetta and white cheddar? Oh my taste buds were singing an aria to Mario. My boyfriend orders the house made chips as his side, while I opted for the arugula salad. We both agreed the arugula salad was a better choice as its bitterness and tartness balanced out the sheer delicious richness of the burger. Oh and the truffle aioli? I can honestly say I have found a mushroom I will eat. Scott topped off my martini once too! Thanks buddy! They have a special before 5, any two bloody mary's, Bellini's, or beers for $11.00 bucks. Hey that is a good deal, anywhere.
3	The fiance and I were feeling lazy, but wanted red meat so we decided to order take out from Carnevino. I don't know many people that would order take out from a steak restaurant, but I didn't feel like getting dressed up. I much preferred sitting in my pajama, watching a movie, and getting drunk on the sofa. I feel like every time I go back, the quality of food isn't as great as the time before. We ordered the Bone-In Ribeye as usual, but it was overcooked and wasn't very flavorful. If we were dining at the restaurant, I probably would have sent it back since I like my meat medium-rare and am very picky about it. I'm so picky about it that when I made a face at how overcooked it was, the fiance was willing to rush down and put in another order. But whatever, no big deal so we just ate it. Carnevino is a good place to try, but keep in mind that there are several other steak restaurants in Las Vegas.
5	It was before 4 as I entered, before dinnertime. I ordered the steak and eggs meal and it came out perfectly. One of the few meals I have enjoyed during my time in Vegas. The arugula was phenomenal and almost addictive. Highly satisfying meal.
5	Fine dining for the savages!!! Me eat red meat!! I love Carnevino!!! Everything is ala carte meaning you order all your appz, sides, entrees, salads and so on separately. We first tried the BIG EYE TUNA 'CRUDO'-raw tuna sashimi with radish and cucumber...BOMB I love tuna. The cuts were from leanest to fattiest portions. The fatty tuna melted in your mouth.  The ponzo sauce and the micro greens were perfecto.     Then we had our sides: SPAGHETTI AI FRUTTI DI MARE-slightly spicy with clams, giant shrimp, lobster, crab, and calamari=so good seafood fresh flavor came thru here and pasta was aldente. TORTELLONI lobster and tarragon= Oh my this was excellent. I dint love lobster that much but the mixture in this pasta was great.    Now for the MEATS!!! We tried 3 different types of meat all medium. We first tried the Dry Aged Bone-in Rib Eye... HOLY !*@* this cut was so good. No sauce or anything and it was so juicy and tasty as if it was drenched in some forbidden jucie from the gods.... Yeah its liek that!!! The person that cut the meat was even wearing a full suit and looked like a manager rather then a waiter. DAMN so fancy shamancy!! Next we tried the "La Florentina" which is  a Florentine porterhouse. GETDAFUKOUTAHERE!!! That right there was my overall favorite and the best cut of meat I have ever had in my life. It was so tender I only had to take a few gentle slices and it was cut. The flavor was so good I literally took another piece while my first bite was in my mouth. Hahahah What a savage bastard I am, me eat my meats (grunts)!!! We also ordered the mixed grill which was an assortment of pork belly, Madagascar grill shrimp, and bison sausage. The pork belly was awesome it literally melted in your mouth and had this tangy/bbq sauce on it which was yumm-o. The Madagascar shrimp was the size of my hand it was huge it wasn't great but it was good. The sausage was probably the least liked. It had a very gamey taste that none of us liked BUT we still finished it. Our sides were creamed spinach, mushrooms, and mascarpone mashed potatoes. This place was so good we just sat there in amazement for 2 hrs. We were so stuffed we didn't even order any desert. Service also deserves the full 5 stars. Ever server was very knowledgeable with the menu, food, and wine. Excellent service and food.
1	Chef Mario Batali should cringe that his name is associated with this restaurant. For Carnevino did not even deliver on the basics on our recent visit. First of all- this place has a high bar given all the talk about it and the prices that it charges. It was highly recommended to us so we decided to take our group there on our last night in Las Vegas. From the moment that we entered- the place was not up to a "fine dining" restaurant . . . .and trust me- I eat out alot. Our waiter had an attitude from the moment he walked over- wanting to know "who was in charge" and tossing menus and wine lists at us. We appointed a "person in charge" just because it seemed without it- nothing was going to move forward. Everything we asked for seemed to be an issue for this waiter. We wanted several appetizers to share for the table. He wanted to know exactly how many of each versus just figuring it out as a good waiter would. Two of us asked to split a steak and to have it sliced- he acted like it was huge imposition but we saw it being done at other tables in the place. Our wine sat unpoured on the back table until one from our group got up to pour the table some wine. Pouring our own wine? Really? At a fine dining restaurant? Unheard of. At this point- I called the manager over- but she was not very helpful other than getting our water glasses filled. I expected to her to minimally check back with us before we left to see if things had gotten any better.  But she didn't.  She didn't care either.Our salads came up and were so bitter and salty that they were inedible so we sent them back. The pasta dish we ordered was no better than "Chef Boyardee". So far- service and the food were untenable for a fine dining restaurant. The best thing of the night? The steaks- but it takes a lot to mess those up. They were done perfectly and were quite tasty. But at $54 a steak- I would expect nothing less. This service debacle went on for 2.5 hours and at the end when we received our $1100 bill you can bet that the obligatory 20% tip for our server -who was terrible- was put right on there. Hard to believe.There was no other compensation from the restaurant for the bad service other than they didn't charge us for the salads we didn't eat. Plenty of good restaurants in Las Vegas. Too bad this isn't one of them.
5	cowboy ribeye the best steak i ever had. i wish they had one in chicago
4	Glad I went with two other people.  This is a restaurant you want more people so you can try more of their menu.  For three people we ordered potato gnocchi bolognese (good), duck cannelonni (strange flavor), dry-aged bone in ribeye (dinosaur bone, fun to watch them cut tableside, but lacked flavor), brussel sprouts & pancetta (good) and Tuscan fries (salty, seasoned potatoes) and for dessert a sorbetti (quince (basically lemon), blood orange, and pear) I would have preferred to get two scoops of the pear to one of the lemon or blood orange, but it was the perfect ending to the meal.  Service was excellent!  Explanation of menu was great.  The progression of food was perfect.  The servers did not seem to rush us, even though it was Saturday night.  For that I'd give them 5 stars.  It's definitely a restaurant for wine lovers.  Too bad I'm not one.  Everyone seemed happy- servers and patrons.  Glad I tried it!
2	The ambience is nice but the food is only ok. My chicken dish was extremely salty and service was slow. Won't be in a rush to go back anytime soon.
4	I think this place is great! It's a meat lovers dream.  You can get such a nice variety of super high quality meats that no matter what your taste that night... no problem.  Veal, Lamb, Beef, Bison!The only rub I have is the crazy Vegas prices.  Oh my!  There was a veal dish that was about $75 a plate! REALLY? Was the veal raised in the kitchen by rare albino cows? Not sure what justifies that.  Along with that were the wines by the glass pricing.  I had the cheapest Italian red which was bout $16 a glass.  Most were upwards of $22.  Now... I know this is Vegas... But when you find that same bottle at your local wine shop... It was a $9 bottle of wine.  While I enjoyed it... You can't do that.  You can't fake a $9 bottle as a $16 glass.  Sorry.Food great / Prices cazy
5	Who's been to Mario Batali restaurant? Hand slowly rises, head droops in shame. Face turns red with embarrassment. DO not be embarrassed!!!! I cannot wait to return to this palace of ultimate indulgence. There's a reason Mario's famous and we're not. The food is good. Italian steak? Seriously, mind boggling - beyond my wildest dreams. I adore steak. Abe & Louie's is my favorite place in the city followed closely by Grill 23, Benjamin's NYC, Joseph's Bridgeport, CT, Sammy's Roumanian NYC.Situated in the Palazzo Hotel and Casino, the atmospheric attempt at Old Italy is gaudy and flawed but balanced by the servers in white jackets with proper demeanor. The attentiveness of service is almost astonishing - if you lift your head, a server appears at your side - unobtrusive but very observant. The wine list essentially starts at $100 bottle. We ordered sapphires and tonics - perfect mixture:  gin, topped off with tonic. A bottle of Carema "Etichetta Nera," Ferrando 2007 breathed while we decided what to order ($150). Aired, a deliciously dry vino, perfect to accompany red meat. The special cut was a BBL special, bone in rib eye, dry aged for twelve months, for two. This is apparently proprietary beef, trademarked as such. $90 a head. We chose the menu bone in rib eye for two; BBL beef dry aged for nine months at $65/pp. My buddy didn't want to order a starter, but the server wisely suggested that since the steak was going to take about 40 minutes to prepare, it was probably best that we order an appetizer. Grilled octopus with micro greens, a limoncello drizzle and "pickled" vegetables, grilled hot peppers, beets and an olive oil balsamic reduction,  outstanding. Meaty octopus tendons, juicy, thick and succulent. The perfect accompaniment to fresh baked foccacia loaf served with house whipped creamed butter and a ramekin of lardo. Toasted hot and buttery foccacia - crispy outer shell, pepper coatrd and fluffy inside. See picture of whole steak. Note the size of steak in comparison to the server's hand on the plate: G-inormous. Wheeled over on a cart, placed on a butcher block and carved select slice by select slice and arranged on your plate for consumption, perfect. See arrangement picture, grilled perfectly medium rare. Crusted in a tasty black pepper, sea salt and rosemary rub. Remaining bone sliced in two and let on separate place for our enjoyment. The meat is really a cut above. I've enjoyed a couple steaks here and there. This was different. Succulent, melt in your mouth goodness. Primest of the prime. Side of mashed potatoes with poached egg, spinach and ham. Unique but exquisite. The bill was also prime but you get what you pay for. Enjoy.
2	Honestly, two stars is generous.From the moment we sat down, it was painfully obvious that our waiter had one thing on his mind: to convince us to spend as much money as possible. Before we even said a word about the appetizers, he was telling us we should order two, because they are small. Same for the pasta. Same for the side dishes. (They ARE small, by the way. We paid $19 for one single lonely raviolo, but if you are getting a steak and some sides, you just don't need individual appetizers and plates of pasta.) He told us we needed to try the $120/person tasting menu, because it REALLY showcased what Mario Batali is known for, and then proceeded to name-drop "Mario Batali" about half a dozen more times before leaving our table. Oh, and then there was the older couple at a table nearby who were obviously spending more money than we were, and when they tried to get the waiter's attention, he stopped in the middle of explaining something to us and scurried over to their table without saying a word to excuse himself. The minute we ordered diet coke instead of wine, any pretenses of good service were all out the window. What? I just don't like wine.But what about the food? Okay, well, I've had better. Specifically, I've had better steaks and sides at CUT, also at Palazzo. (It's a bit more expensive but worth every single penny.) The filet mignon I had at CV was just all right. It was also way overcooked; I ordered medium rare and it came out more like medium well, despite the waiter's insistence that "their" medium rare was a bit rarer than usual. So much for that!Skip this place. It is crappy. If you are going to spend $200+ at a meal, it needs to be a lot better than this.
5	Four of visited on a VERY slowww Tuesday night and it was fantastic.As soon as we sat down some prosecco was served.We split some pasta dishes for appetizers and each one was just perfectly made. We then split the Flinstone's sized steak and it was more than enough for four of us.  Really.   This was the most enjoyable piece of meat I can remember.  Different pieces of it had different amounts of fat, marbling, texture.  It was wonderful.  It was expensive - but not if you divide by 4.The wine list is obviously mostly Italian and mostly high-end.  The sommelier was great and she was well-versed in all the spirits as well.They have a great cart with digestifs including a large grappa and amaro selection.  The deserts were great.  The most memorable was a "cheesecake" which was thinner,  with some grapefruit sauce that was perfectly balanced and made this  a light fantastic desert.The food was memorable. The service was just good.  Given how slow it was it was surprising that you'd have to wait around to see if your waiter would show up.   This service was not memorable.
5	Last time I visited Vegas (as a tourist), my husband and I ate here 4-5 times, we loved it so much. Their fingerling potatoes are so 'finger-licking' good, and their Orecchiette pasta is the best I've ever had.Mario Batali has done an amazing job with Carnevino.
4	The wine list is borderline ridiculous. Intimidating even. We ordered mixed drinks at the bar since we had already started the evening with hard alcohol. Its hard to appreciate a good wine after a few vodka tonics. Onto the food: -Calamari: peppers added a kick, not too much breading & lightly fried-Gnocchi Bolognese: a little too dense for me but overall I liked it & would order again-Dry aged rib eye for two: I have no words. Order this.My other friend had a filet which he said was mindblowing. Not sure how that's possible when you order steak cooked medium well but whatever...I understand that not everyone likes their cow still bloody and possibly mooing. On the expensive side, about $300 for the 3 of us. Some people (like my 2 midwestern friends) think that's really expensive,  while I'm used to SF prices. Our waiter was very patient with us the whole meal and when we wanted to split the bill. If I were to do it again I'd order wine, and the jamon iberico.
4	Ordered ribs and fries from the bar menu. Ribs were cooked perfectly but not quite as tangy as I'm used to. Fries were basically soft fingerling potatoes with parmesan cheese on them - outstanding! Best fries I've had in Vegas. Drinks (like pretty much everything on the menu other than ribs) are very expensive.
5	I'm surprised Yelpers don't seem to like this place as much.I'll give the good news and bad news, bad news first.The sides are definitely small. While the presentation of the mashed potatoes is cool (they crack the egg in front of you and mix it in), it's over-hyped. If you have a large group, you might as well order pasta entrees to be your sides.On the other hand, the dry aged rib-eye steak was amazing. Worth splurging.
4	I give it a 3, my hubby gives it a 4. The reason I'm posting a 4? He ate steak. I didn't! This place is all about the MEAT and WINE for sure. My hubby really wanted that ribeye for 2. The cabbie and the server said that one person couldn't possibly eat it all. Unfortunately for him I don't eat steak! He settled for the NY strip. He was sad. He ordered a sauce on the side. However, when he got his steak he said it was so good and buttery he didn't need sauce! He also said next time he won't listen to the naysayers and will order that massive ribeye and eat all of it! I tried the gnocchi and bolognese, not a fan. I think it was ground turkey...For my entree I had the lobster. My tail was pounded out. I would prefered to just eat it as is. The claws, lemon slice and leeks were lightly battered and fried. The claws and lemon slices were tasty. The leeks not so much. They also had one stuffed with nasty cheese sauce in it. I would recommend this only for meat lovers.
4	After a craptastic dinner the night before (see my review on Shibuya at MGM) I was happy to just be someplace with good service and good food. Our server, Mike, was really nice and helpful. There was a guy helping him too...Jordan I think, also really nice. Not pushy or overbearing just good, friendly service. The black fettuccine with the crab meat and shallots is a good appetizer. The portions are small (two of us shared) but it's ok not to eat too much pasta people... especially when you're going to stuff steak in your pie hole too. My fillet was delicious and we got some sauces to share. I recommend the Gorgonzola marscapone, it's thick like cream cheese but delicious if you put it on your steak while it's still hot. The side of mushrooms was perfect size for two people. We also shared dessert...the honey panna cotta with pear sorbetto which was a nice lighter choice after all of that other food. This is definitely one of the best steaks I've ever had. The wine was good, the service was good. It is expensive but if you want to save money, go to the buffet or something. I would go back for sure.
2	CarneVino was a bit of a let down.  I expected fabulous food, and what I got was good food.  Nothing was bad, but it just didn't WOW me.  CarneVino makes eating steak a stuffy experience, without backing it up with amazing food. You're required to eat the meal the way the Chef wants, without regard for your own personal preferences.  Unacceptable.  I appreciate Chef suggestions, but in the end it's my meal.  If it's great steak I'm craving, I'll go to Del Frisco's next time.
2	I have been here about 4 times.  And normally it is great.  But last night was awful!! I was so excited to take my husband there for the first time.  The waiter was done was done with us when we  decided not to order the $72 bone in Rib Eye.  We were set on the Osso Bucco, since we love that!  But we were told they were out of it.  But once we ordered the New York Steak, we didn't see our waiter again. And he as just rude when we asked questions.  I was so disappointed . The worst was for my husband.  He saw they had a pork chop, and was excited to try it.  It was like a pork pancake.  It was beaten very thinly and battered and fried.  Not at all what was described on the menue.
4	We were really excited to eat at a Mario Batali restaurant and was not disappointed by Carnevino's food and service. To start off, the bread and butter were simply delicious. I ordered the cannelleno pasta (w/duck and cheese) - it was super good! The husband ordered the steak and eggs - he swears it's one of the best steak & eggs he's ever eaten. The steak and eggs were cooked perfectly, and the accompaniments (potatoes and arugula) went well. The husband's parentals got the ribs (just okay), beef carpachio (good) and the pastrami sandwich (yum). The end of the meal neared and they brought out gelato (vanilla, chocolate, espresso) and sorbet (blood orange, pear, peach) on the house! Apparently the whole computer/register system was down, so they were trying to bide some time for it to get fixed - a nice touch to a potential bad situation. The blood orange sorbet and chocolate gelato were superb. An excellent meal, indeed!
2	My husband and I dined at CarneVino last night as part of a Vegas weekend that was a belated celebration of my 40th birthday. This was our second time dining at CarneVino and while the food was fantastic again on our second visit, the service wasn't and I doubt we'll go back. I expect exceptional service when I'm dining at a restaurant created / owned by Mario Batali that prides itself on sourcing only the best ingredients and wines. I also expect exceptional service when my meal (for two of us) is going to cost at least $300, if not more. This being said, we experienced exceptional service to start with - I had a million questions for our primary waiter regarding various items on the menu and spent a fair amount of time getting his recommendations - which didn't disappoint. The lobster appetizer is great but not as great as the one that was served not long after the restaurant opened, It would also be helpful for the menu to list that the sashimi portion of the lobster appetizer is served on top of a sauce of cream, horseradish, lemon juice and chives - I loved the sauce but my husband did not and had we known about the sauce, we would have asked for the dish without it. The beef cheek ravioli with a butter sauce and 25 year aged balsamic vinegar is to die for - if I could eat that every day, I would. My husband had the bone in NY Strip which had fabulous flavor although I think he felt that navigating around the bone was a lot of work. I had the striped bass (I know, it's a steak restaurant but I needed something not as heavy) with a spring vegetable puree, artichoke hearts and pea tendrils - it was also gorgeous. We picked two sides - the mascarpone and guanciale mashed potatoes which are sinful and wonderfully satisfying - they come with a poached egg that is broken and stirred in - delicious! The second side was the roasted beets with gorgonzola, also delicious. Back to the service - once we received our entrees the service staff vanished. Not very far into our entrees we both wanted to order another drink but no one came to check on us. Finally with more than half of our entrees consumed we were asked if we would like another drink and we ordered. The drinks only arrived some time after we had finished our entrees. We let the drink servers (who were completely new to our table) know that we wouldn't be needing the drinks. Our primary waiter showed back up a little while later and gave us a halfhearted apology and that was that. No apology from the manager, no discount to our check, nothing. And mind you, we weren't looking for a discount but on principle there should have been some sort of apologetic gesture. Had there been any kind of gesture we would have increased our gratuity significantly - having worked in the service industry and event industry for many years I have a very hard time ever leaving less than 20%, even when I haven't been blown away (more fool me, perhaps). On exiting the restaurant we walked by a woman who I guessed to be the manager. I stopped and asked if she was, and she confirmed that she was. I relayed our experience and she did give us what we felt was a very genuine apology, although it will be interesting to see if she spends the time to track us down via OpenTable to send us an email to ask us to give CarneVino another chance. The bottom line, I think, is that team service is not always an effective way to serve your dining customers - unless your team is staffed appropriately and magnificent at working together to serve multiple tables. I would guess that our primary waiter thought that the rest of his team was taking care of us and had no idea that they weren't. And when a restaurant is busy and the primary waiter has a number of tables of varying sizes, I would guess there is virtually no way to ensure that all of the diners are getting exceptional service throughout their meal. For our money we're looking for exceptional food AND service, so we'll probably go elsewhere the next time we're in Vegas.
4	Just ate there last night as part of a 13 man bachelor party.  The service was great and the food was pretty darn amazing.  Although i did not get any sauces to go with my ribeye, the meat was so sweet, soft, moist, and delicious that i didn't care.  The sides of spinach, mashed potatoes, and the asparagus were good but the butter that they serve with the bread is amazing!  Light, clean, and delicious.Also got to try a piece of a buddy's lamb chop and that was spectacular.  Moist, juicy, tender lamb that had absolutely no gaminess whatsoever.  If i didn't know better i would have thought that i was eating an amazing cut of pork.  Truly a great dining experience.  If you wanna throw down some serious coin on some good ass meat, this is the place.
3	First the good.  This was one of the best steaks I've had.Cooked just right, presented in a minimalistic way.  It's Steak.  That's it. And it's good.The kitchen did a great job!Now the bad:We arrived at our reservation time which was basically the same time they opened (still on east coast time.)  When we checked in at the hostess stand we were told there were 7 parties before us and that we would have to wait across the hall so as not to block the entrance.!!??!!  WTF?  We were dressed up nicely and told to go stand someplace else?  There is no waiting area so we had to linger around within sight of the front desk.  I can understand being delayed if there is a slow turn over, but to come to a place that is 10% full and not given a time when would be seated was pretty bad.20 minutes later we were seated.The ambiance is more Disney than steakhouse.  The over sized table was novel at first but wore off fast as it was difficult to sit at.  Small side portions for large prices.  It's Vegas so things are expensive,  but this just didn't deserve it.Mario!  How could you?
3	It is really all about the preparation.  The server comes with the rib eye bone in and cuts it into smaller pieces to be eaten on your plate.  The bone is almost like it comes from the flinstones.  The rib eye meat was only okay and definitely could have been more tender.  The spinach and potato were just about the same level, only okay.
5	I had the most fantasic dinner there. The service was perfect. The food blew me away. And the wine pairing suggested by the Sommerlier we so enjoyable. I can't wait to go back. This is fine dining!
5	The steak alone is warranting the five stars.  I've been to some of the best steak houses in the country, and am not ashamed to say, flew cross country to New York just to try Peter Luger, and the steak at Carnevino is definitely in my top 2.  The ambiance is cool. The wait staff annoyingly tries to make you feel like you are eating food directly prepared by the hands of The Holy himself.  And how dare you not take his advice on what pasta to order before your steak.  You also have to order half the steaks for 2, even if you are not just a party of 2.  Even with all their crap, I would go back in a heart beat.  It's that good!
4	food was great. wine pairings were great. but my mouth isn't watering as i type this so i can't give it 5 stars. would go again if someone else wanted to go.
5	WOW!  Where do I start?Probably with the most sincere thank you for making my cousin Brian's wedding dinner phenomenal.  With the limited number of guests attending their destination wedding, they were looking forward to enjoying a stellar dinner with a small group.Carlos, our waiter, made sure Jessica and Brian received the best treatment!  He carefully explained the different elements of the menu and made the best recommendations on how to go about choosing each course.Our sommelier also did a perfect job in helping us select wines to go with each course.Our dinner:Appetizers: calamari and ahi tunaPasta: BLACK FETTUCINE and PAPPARDELLEMain Course: Rib Eye and Porterhouse SteaksOne word: AMAZING!Again, thank you to the chef and Carlos for an unforgettable evening!
5	Hands down the best meal I've had in a city that probably has the best dining in the US outside of New York or SF.  Service was outstanding.  The steak is AMAZING as is the pasta (we had several, they were all good, perfectly al dente with delicious sauces and ingredients).  As a previous review stated, steak is up there with Peter Luger's circa 1998, I'm from Chicago, have eaten at most of the good places there, Lugers and other top places in NYC, and this competes if not tops them all.  My number one meal of 2010.
4	Went at 5pm on a Friday night with 10 dirty friends in their late 20's who had just returned from driving Dune Buggies in the desert. Service was wonderful - we were seated as soon as they could put our large table together. (we seemed to be the first ones arriving for dinner - which may have helped). Our waiter was very knowledgeable and explained the entire menu, as well as options for ordering for a large party. He was also very friendly and joked with our goofy group. We all ordered the famous Ribeye and thoroughly enjoyed it. The meat was tender and the flavor was good for just plain steak. NOTE: If you're not that hungry, share the steak between 3 people - it's A LOT of meat. Appetizers and pasta dishes were also quite delicious. The only drawback - it was all very overpriced, and even though it was all very good - I've had better. That's Vegas for ya! Plan on spending a lot, or go somewhere else. No need to be bitter about the bill as the prices are on the menu.Bottom line - we all enjoyed the experience and appreciated the fact that they didn't send us away for not being dressed properly!
4	Service was excellent.  I had the beef tasting menu and the meal was superb.  The restaurant loses it's fifth star from me for value.  This is a pricey meal.  If money is not an object, I would definitely recommend this restaurant!
3	The staff is very friendly and accommodating. As expected, very expensive, but that is las vegas casino restaurants for you. I ordered "the burger" and it was delicious, but definitely not the greatest burger i have ever eaten, especially for $30. The sides were actually the best part of the meal. The asparagus salad was amazing and the Parmesan crusted french fries were out of this world. I went specifically for "the burger" and if you are looking to splurge on something simple, delicious and expensive, then give this a try.
4	Good steak and service.    It's what I would expect from a top tier steakhouse.
2	Expensive and mediocre at best.First tip - if you have the waiter who uses 2 initials as his name immediately ask the manager to be reseated. He was arrogent, rude, and visually rolled his eyes when what we were ordering apparently wasn't up to his standards. One member of our party, not a big meat eater, ordered the fish of the day and he sniffed "maybe we should change our name to PesceVino". Huh?First complaint - we were a group of six and I ordered wine before the last two arrived. They appeared and then the wine came, one person didn't want wine, and instead of asking what she DID want he just walked away. After 15 minutes she finally went to the bar, ordered a drink and had it delivered to our table. (This isn't the good part yet.) When our waiter finally reappeared he looked at her drink and said "you should have asked me, I'm here to serve you" - well he wasn't there!! That's pretty much the sum total of the entire experience, every remark was "whatever you want" but then he wasn't around to actually do anything for us.Avoid the pastas - they're tiny tiny tiny portions (not even adequate for a pasta course between courses) and Stouffers does better. They just really looked sad on the plates and tasted worse.Steak was OK, but so non-memorable that I can't even tell you what cut I had.Save your money and go get a burger - you'll be happier.
5	Pasta:Whoever said there was no flavor might be lacking some taste buds because the flavor was all there. I wanted to slurp the whole bowl into my mouth at once. You can't go wrong with any of the pasta's because they're fresh made, and it's apparent! They claim the pasta is Batalli's forte. It's too bad it is so ridiculously expensive and portions are tiny. I only tried it because we had a vegetarian at the table (oops, my bad for choosing a steakhouse on our last night!).Meat:My. God. Rib. Eye. SO GOOD! This is the first time I have been impressed by meat in Vegas. Especially because I've made my rounds to steakhouses like Craft, I had my doubts given this place had a half star less. No.. it is so delicious, you must come here for the meat.Sides:So the mashed potatoes with egg didn't blow me away, but it was still good. I was actually a little nauseated by the complimentary focaccia with "emulsified" (read: mushy) lard. We opted for the italian broccoli with pork belly (tastes like bacon!), and they can make this vegetarian if desired (don't know who in their right mind would want to do that). Sides aren't that big but they're unnecessary because the meat is enough to really tide you over.Service:The service was NOT as pushy as I thought they would be. They did drop Batalli's name several times, but he was nice enough, and offered what I felt were reasonable and helpful suggestions.Note: for parties of 6 or more, they require a credit card deposit.
5	This place is not for Stuck-up restaurant snobs, or people who don't want to spend money.  Don't come here and order a pasta dish and complain about price.  This place is a steak restaurant.  Get the steak, and understand that you're paying a premium for quality food and service.  I truly Enjoy a great steak, and Carnevino prepared one of the greatest steaks I've ever eaten.I was out with my buddy, celebrating my upcoming wedding. We started off with a great wine recommendation by the sommelier. The Wine paired well with our starter and main dishes.  Although some may find the wine to be expensive, we were charged only $87 for a bottle of wine that retails for $60 in the stores.  Either we got lucky, or overall their prices on wine are reasonable.  The steak (The Strip) was cooked to perfection; a nicely crisped outside, and an incredible medium-rare cook on mine, while my buddy got a medium cook on his fillet.  I noticed the Rib Steak at the table next to mine, and it looked phenomenal.  Almost like a Flinstones bone, but tasty :D The bread came with lardo. The Taste of the lardo on the bread really made the meal pop.  If you haven't had lardo, do yourself a favour and put the lardo on your bun here.  Lardo is a cured and rendered pork fat.  I can't say enough about how it complimented the entire meal.Some people may have found the music choice at the venue a bit odd. We listened to a series of 90's grunge songs. The music seemed out of place at first, but I really appreciated the atmosphere it commanded.
4	We had dinner here two weekends ago with our girls before our 9:30 pm show (Phantom). I'm quite surprised with some of the negative reviews here, esp. about the service, because we had a wonderful fine-dining experience. Our server, Michael, was professional and knowledgeable and the pacing was perfect. The sommelier on the other hand was just "ok". For $50 corkage, I guess I expected a little more service in addition to the accoutrements. She poured at the right time, she did give us the correct glassware, decanted and everything but she really didn't say much. I was expecting for her to at least give us a menu recommendation that will compliment the wine and highlight the food the restaurant has to offer.THE SETTING. It was grand and luxurious. Yes, there was "rock" music playing. Not my preference but it wasn't that loud so it didn't really bother me. I just thought the music didn't quite match the atmosphere.THE WINE. Carnevino has an impressive wine list but wildly expensive so we brought our own bottle. (We brought one of our favorites, 97 Mondavi To Kalon, which of course was not on their list.)THE FOOD. Everything was delicious and perfectly prepared. Starting with an amuse of "cheese puff" from the chef. Then the rosemary ciabatta bread served with the savory "lardo" spread.  We started with orders of Beef Carpaccio, Raviolo Di Stracotto (Duck liver & balsamic vinegar) and Arugula salad w/Coach Farm triple goat cheese, trumpet royale mushrooms, & onion pickles. For our main course, we had Veal Sweetbread Primavera, Black Fettuccine with crab, jalapenos & shallots, "fall off the bone" Osso Buco Alla Milanese, saffron orzo & gremolata and 8 oz Aged Filet Mignon with Porcini Bearnaise. I thought the Osso Buco could use a tad more flavor but it was good, nonetheless. Then we ordered sides of Sauteed Spinach w/garlic & hot peppers, & Creamy Mashed Potatoes w/poached egg. The poached egg in the mashed potato made it even creamier. It was perhaps the best mashed potato I've ever had.Last but not the least, the dessert. Most of us were too full but managed to share Mascarpone Panna Cotta w/Blueberry Sauce and Espresso Gelati, Rhubard Gelati & Blueberry Sorbet. Both delicious, creamy and refreshing. Perfect way to end a fantastic meal.
4	Went to Vegas on biz, and my colleague is a Mario Batalli fan.  Personally, I just like good food.  These celeb chefs can't be everywhere and often times the restaurant is licensed...so its a mixed bagCarnevino is very good in places.  The service is excellent as is the wine line list.  The salad had many colors and textures.  I also liked the Puttanesca(literal translation in Scilian: Whores sauce) with homemade pasta and a nice balance of olives and capers.  Its a great dishExcept there is not enough of it...the hunger hit me by the time the acrobats were bouncing around at Mystere
5	Sometimes, you just need more protein!  The BF and I went here for dinner one night and decided on the meat tasting menu.  I'll let the BF do a blow by blow and I'll just talk about my favorites:  The Waygu beef crudo was just succulent.  The waygu was sliced so thin and the little salad on top with fennel and coriander really enhanced the entire bite.  Even the wine served with this dish was a perfect pairing.  Second favorite - its a toss up between the beef cheek ravioli and the wet aged piemontese beef.  The beef cheek stands out in my mind because of the balasmic they served with it.  It was slightly sweet and set off the savoryness of the beef cheek.  The wet aged beef - it was fork tender, melt in your mouth, give me more goodness.  The flavor was absolutely what you want a good piece of meet to taste like.  The wine served with this - Produttori del Barbaresco, Barbaresco 2006 Piemonte was also just a wonderful accompainment to the dish.  Service was impecable, meal was delicious.  What a great place to go to after a show - especially if you are in the mood for a little beef!
5	You walk into a room that's designed to make you feel small...and everything else feel big. It's dark with cavernous ceilings dropping shadows that mock the dim lighting, cloaking rich mahogany in an effortless nod at a rustically simple and rich elegance. The wine list boasts a huge variety of conquests spanning nations and vineyards, and despite the extraordinary mark up let's face it, if you're eating here...in Vegas...you may as well sell out. You'll win it back later anyway, right? It's the infamous ribeye-for-two you are here, a gargantuan cut of meat that is brought before you in its fresh and blood-red marbled glory, like some pagan god of carnivores to taunt and tease your eager eyes. After you order it medium rare (and no other way) the beast is brought back out to be slaughtered and cleaved and hacked apart, crisp edges roasted black and that deeply savory, fat-melting, perfectly salted flavor of a damn good steak unrolls into the air around you. Plate after plate of beef is set before your party and its bounty yields surprisingly more than you expected. Plunge your fork into the crusted end bits, that is surrounded by an almost charred, crackling sear courageously protecting a soft, shy pink center. When that slight taste of roasted meat and salt, of blood and hot, crackling, buttery fat has covered your mouth give into the temptation to grab one of the huge bones laid out before you. You'll start off shaving off slices of meat closest to the bone but in that heady euphoria of cut and eat you'll end up roasted bone in hand, gnawing at the monster, the way you secretly always knew it was going to end up. Go ahead and toast your friend sitting across from you with the bone, you don't have to say anything, you both know exactly what you're toasting to.It's not just the steak that is good here, the lamb chops are just as amazing, with a heady and smoky flavor, incredibly tender and larger than the petite, runty chops you find at your supermarket. The potatoes are surprisingly delicious, a welcome respite with a crispy skin that when bitten, easily yields to unleash heavy scents of rosemary and garlic.Oh yeah. There was asparagus too. They sat untouched.
5	We checked in at the front desk since we were there a lil early for our dinner reservations. The people there were really nice and chatty (in a good way). When everyone in our party arrived, we followed someone to our table. There were 8 of us, so we got this semi-private booth, which we liked. The ambience was dim and semi-quiet, although I felt like our group was being the complete opposite. We couldn't suppress our laughter. Opps, sorry. They gave us complimentary piece of bread with 2 spreads, regular butter and one made out of pork fat. I started with their INSALATA CAPRESE ($21 - candied tomatoes, burrata, and basil), but I wish they put a slice of fresh tomatoes instead. The burrata on the other hand was perfect!My entree was an appetizer portion size of a vegetarian version of their PAPPARDELLE ($22, but for main course add $37), which took me about 10 bites to eat. I was glad to have some mushroom pieces with each bite. Great dish, but the top the dish seemed a little dry, possibly from sitting under the warmer a little too long.And you can't forget about their wine. They have a TON of wine selections. We ordered 2 red wines, the LA MOZZA "ARAGONE" 2006 and the Primitivo, Primaterra 2009. They really know their stuff here. Overall, A+++++ customer service, wine list, and their PORTER HOUSE steak.
4	Very pricey but worth the splurge.  The hostess check-in left alot to be desired, apparently it was more important to gossip than actually acknowledge a group of 6 standing in front of them.  Our waiter was spot on with recommendations and we tried a bit of everything as it is family style.  Make a reservation or you will be disappointed with a wait or no room.
3	Rolled up late afternoon looking for some steak action. I was a bit skeptical seeing the 3.5 star rating. And my presumptions proved to be true =\. The empty restaurant should've been the first clue- but then again, who the hell eats a big ass steak for lunch? WE DO! Apparently (-_-)After the rude-ass hostess out in front sat us down, we were curious to try out this highly touted "BBL" beef, so we all ordered the 16 oz bone-in new yeezy. Disappointing for $61 duckets. Good size, good cut, looked good but I expected a little more as far as flavoring. I ordered medium rare but that shit was literally still mooing when I got it.  After taking a few bites I noticed that subtle dry aged beef flavor - hard to describe, it sorta had that rotten cheese kinda taste towards the end. I'm not that hardcore of a steak connoisseur to know if it was supposed to taste like that or if that's a good thing or not, but all I know is that I didn't particularly favor it.We also ordered the Italian Broccoli with smoked pork at the recommendation of our server- that was actually pretty good. I'm not sure if I'd shell out the kind of duckets to come back here again. For that kinda money I'd much rather go to a sure win like R. Chris or Mortons. (-_-)
5	We've been eyeing up this restaurant for months. My husbands birthday was the perfect excuse to partake in colossal proportions. I had  reservations, but once we got there we knew it wasn't necessary, the place was empty except for one other table. The hostess was friendly and assisted us quickly. The tables filled as the night progressed but having the waiters undivided attention was worth getting there early (6:30pm). I was unsure of the wine I wanted, so he patiently went through the list and brought multiple tastings of wine until I found the one I liked (Arizona Stronghold TAZI). Our waiter, Micheal, was top notch, he was patient and wasn't put off from all our questions, and even made suggestions. My husband got their specialty farmers market drink which was like an orange mojito. We were presented with 2 bite size fried cheese balls, compliments of the chef, they were good, reminded us of the gold fish snack crackers (LOL). We also were given tasty dinner rolls with butter or lardo spreads (we both preferred the butter).For our meals we decided on the INSALATA CAPRESE,....WOW, how can such simple ingredients taste so good? The tomatoes were candied, the mozzarella was fresh, soft and gooey, everything went perfectly together, I could eat that dish everyday.Next we got POTATO GNOCCHI BOLOGNESE and BUCATINI ALL' AMATRICIANA, both were delicious. The gnocchi was so tender and the sauce was perfect. The bucatini dish has a little spice to it, the pasta had nice tooth to it, really thick, the pork that was in the sauce totally put the taste into another dimension...simply amazing.Being a steakhouse we had to get beef, we agreed on the DRY AGED BONE IN RIBEYE for 2 with a side of MASCARPONE & GUANCIALE MASHED POTATOES and a GIANT MADAGASCAR SHRIMP. Paired with an Italian red Brandini. The monstrous piece of meat was presented to us, then the waiter carefully cut it into beautiful slices, the bone is left at the table and we were encouraged to have at it (my kind of place), my husband and I had to arm wrestle for the bone:) The steak was so tender, cooked perfectly, seasoning was simple and didn't overpower the meat. The wine complimented the steak perfectly. The mashed potatoes were yummy, very heavy though, so we tried no to eat too much of those. The shrimp was giant as advertised, cooked perfect, taste was delicious, a shrimp that eats like a lobster but better. By this point I thought my stomach would explode, but we decided to end the meal with a trio of gelato...vanilla, mint, and espresso; vanilla was the best, the mint made my stomach feel better and actually made me feel like i could eat more, the espresso helped wake me up from my food coma. I was wrong to think we were done, our waiter brought 2 complimentary raisin cookies, I had to eat it, reminded me of biscotti.The food is pricey but I think it was worth every penny and would go back in an instant, you can even eat at the bar if you wish to just pop in for a taste.
4	Service - couldn't be betterAtmosphere - poshFood - excellentOur party of ten had their sights set on some serious meat and most of us decided on either the dry aged bone in ribeye or the La Fiorentina (Florentine porterhouse).Because our group was fairly large, the waiter suggested doing a family style dinner and allowing the chef to bring out his recommendations. He asked for our per person budget and said the chef would tailor the dinner to our party. So much food was served that I lost track of what exactly we had, but based on our tab, below is what I think we ate. All I remember was that the food was truly amazing! The porterhouse is the THE steak that everyone must try. So flavorful, so buttery, so good. Our menu...- grilled octopus- fried calamari- cheese balls in a napkin- affettati (chef's selection of house cured meats)- beef cheek ravioli- cannoloni- gnocchi- truffle- ribeye- porterhouse- lamb chops- black rossini- mash potatoes- spinach- mushroom- Fernet Branca -- The waiter recommended this menthol smelling, bitter tasting, alcohol infused after dinner drink. It had a medicinal quality to it and was suppose to be good for our digestion, even curing or at least preventing a possible a hangover.We did bring two magnum bottles of our own wine. And, whoa, the corkage fee was an astounding $75 per bottle.Well...a steak house serving their finest foods omakase style.  I loved it. This is one of the best steakhouses that I've ever been to. The service and presentation were superb. Everything from the appetizers to the pastas to the steaks was just fantastic. The astronomical price (even for Vegas) is the only thing holding it back from a fifth star.
4	Service started out a little fast. Waiter asked about sparkling or tap water and then took off. No "start you off with a cocktail?". Bread guy brought bread and was explaining about the two kinds of butter and left mid-sentence, voice trailing off like a rock down a well.After 2 server blow-offs they brought my first course. They told me what it was and I whipped out my blackberry and said "How do you spell that?" I think from that point forward, they thought I was a food critic because they started tripping all over themselves. It was actually kind of comical. I had the beef tasting menu. Highly recommend it. Wagyu beef crudo was good. Beef tasted a little plain and not sure what the coriander, saffron and fennel did to accompany it. Beef cheek ravioli was excellent. Almost as if the beef cheeks were puree'd. Smoky flavor with great pasta ravioli and a cheesy sauce. The "12 year old" aceto balsamico was an especially nice touch.Piemontese beef was excellent. I wish it had two quail eggs instead of one so I could have some with each bite (like the garlic spinach).Dry aged BBL beef was really good. Looking at the beef, it looked too rare but the juices really explode in your mouth and the bernaise sauce complimented it well. The potato lobster souffle (I guess it was a souffle or a hash b/c when the waitress brought she said it was a "potato lobster uh...uh" and I finished her sentence with "souffle?") I could do without. One bite and done.  The vanilla semifreddo with pistacchio rum strawberries for dessert was just fine. All in all I'd say if you're in the mood for beef, this is a very good place (if you can look past the extremely uneven service). They really take their beef seriously. I'm not sure if this makes sense but this is not a steakhouse. It is an italian infused beefhouse. And if they think you're a food critic, they take the service seriously. Otherwise, maybe not so much.Smiley face and 4 stars.
3	For what we paid per person at this place, you'd expect the food to be A-MAZING... but it wasn't. It was ok. The food was over-priced and I'd have to agree with the other reviews. The server definitely tried to oversell us on the appetizers, which were expensive on their own. I ordered the filet.. it was good but not great. The ambiance was dark and slightly boring.  We had ordered drinks at the bar while waiting for our table to be ready... $18 per drink. Everything was overpriced for what i was. I don't think i will be coming back here.
3	Very pale in comparison to B&B Ristorante (the only other Batali restaurant I've been to) and while some may argue that they are completely different beasts - one's a steak house and one's a high end Italian restaurant, I was expecting the steakhouse to be on caliber with B&B. Three reasons: 1) they are both in high end hotels, 2) their tasting menus with wine pairings are exactly the same price, and 3) because they both carry the Batali name. We did the beef tasting menu paired with wine. As excited as I was to eat my way through this menu, nothing really stood out. I didn't think the quality of beef was necessarily the best I've ever had and there was a certain creative element lacking from both the presentation and ingredients. Underwhelming but don't get me wrong, the food was good. Just not rock-your-socks-off good. High marks for service and wine pairings. The atmosphere/decor was nice... classy and sophisticated. Definitely a dress up place.Overall OK but nothing to write home about. Whereas I won't be going to Carnevino again, I do look forward to a repeat visit to B&B.
2	With steakhouses all over Vegas there are much better choices out there. Had the bone-in rib-eye that came overcooked and very bland. The seafood appetizer platter was unique but the taste was just not there. I just think there are much better steakhouses in the valley area. It's hard after having a bad experience to want to drop another several 100$ on dinner.
5	I dined at Mario Batali's and Joe Bastianich's Carnevino recently at The Palazzo with my wife and son, and the dry-aged bone-in ribeye was the very best steak I have ever tasted--and I have sampled quite a few on my quest to find the finest steak in Las Vegas.  In fact, I supped at Santa Fe Station's Charcoal Room and Del Frisco's Double Eagle Steakhouse within two weeks of my venture to Carnevino, and at N9NE inside Palms and Union within Aria at City Center not long afterward.  All four dining establishments served excellent, well-prepared steaks--but not on a par with what Carnevino produced.  The same is true of earlier ventures to Emeril Lagasse's Delmonico Steakhouse in the neighboring Venetian and Golden Steer on Sahara Avenue near the Stratosphere.  Thus far, Stripsteak at Mandalay Bay comes the closest.  When chewing on the tender morsels of medium-rare meat, Carnevino's dry-aged ribeye yielded deep, rich, pleasing, and penetrating bursts of flavor that is difficult to describe in words, and the pasta that preceded it (Potato Gnocchi Bolognese and Pappardelle Noodles with a delicate Mushroom Sauce) was very clean-tasting and refined.  I hope to return for lunch there soon just to savor the pasta again.  One can only eat steak so often before the body's cholesterol level will jump skyward!  But the well-aged ribeye at Carnevino will definitely be experienced again after a respectable break.  It is something to savor more than once, and to treasure each time. Complimentary doughy cheese puff balls were an appreciated amuse-bouche from the chef.  But I still prefer butter on my warm bread to offered lardo.  Bearnaise Sauce was excellent; Gorgonzola Mascarpone less so only because its strong flavor tended to dominate rather than harmonize with the meat.  Warm Apple Fritters served with refreshing Vanilla Bean and Chocolate Gelato topped off a great meal.  I am glad that we took the advice of our server to place only a single order for two of dry-aged bone-in ribeye, which yielded about 40 ounces of meat.  This amount of prime beef proved to be more than adequate to feed three hungry diners-especially with two pastas and two vegetable sides to share.  Ambiance was that of a clubby, white-table-clothed steakhouse in a spacious setting that featured a labyrinth of rooms; and service was friendly, helpful, and attentive.  Although very expensive, Carnevino will serve up a most memorable and satisfying meal!
5	Awesome birthday dinner with the wife!
5	Amazing cooked to perfection food. The steak was mouth watering, the mashed potatoes amazing, the sauteed mixed mushrooms YUM!! The service spectacular!! My husband and I loved every min and will be dining there again! I choose it because i love Mario Batali! And it was WELL worth the price!
3	Our regular Vegas destination jacks up the price and lowers the quality.Yellow lettuce? Really? The up-selling by the waiting staff is absolutely disgusting considering you're going to drop 200 on a meal right off the bat. "Want some broccoli marinated in the spring waters of switzerland, tears of a unicorn, and sprinkled with shaved mushrooms from Thailand?" Then they'd exclaim "Its to die for, I highly recommend it." They recommend everything they offer... Furthermore, I wish the staff would quit trying to relate to me; no matter what State I claim I'm from the waitor always seems to have a story that relates. "Oh, you're from Los Angeles? I remember traffic in my home town of Texas, it sucks. I relate. We're friends."Way to turn this awesome dining experience into Disneyworld on roids. BARF.
5	I didn't have dinner here. I had dessert and espresso.I was with 2 companions and we all loved what we ordered. I had the donuts with apricot rum pastry cream which were crispy and chewy and delightful. The pastry cream was a perfect compliment to my espresso. My table mates ordered the panna cotta and a trifle composed of ricotta, berries and what I think was some sort of honeyed cake. All items were well prepared and tasty. The service was attentive but not obnoxious. Next time I'm in Vegas, I will totally hit them up for dinner.
2	We have been here 5 times over multiple visits to Vegas.  Once for dinner and 4 times for lunch.  This review is for the lunch visits.The first time the burger was cooked medium rare which was nice and juicy with the perfect amount of pink.  The truffle aoli tasted great on the burger.  The home-made chips was tasty and crispy.  Our waiter was great and wish I caught his name.  Told him we were sharing.  He had the sandwiches cut in half in the kitchen.  That extra effort earned him extra tip.The second time the burgers were overcooked.  The waiter (different than the first time) did come by to ask how the meal was and we should have sent them back.  We didn't enjoy our burgers.The third time the burger was cooked medium rare again...YAY!  Would not recommend the house-made pastrami though.  For $21 you get a very small sandwich which was not all that memorable.  No fries or chips come with that $21 sandwich.The fourth (and final time) the burger was again overcooked.  Getting tired of the inconsistency.  Again, we would be sharing two different sandwiches so we asked the waiter to have the kitchen cut them in half before serving.  The waiter told us we could cut them in half ourselves table side.  SERIOUSLY???  A customer is asking for a service and you tell the customer to do it?  The waiter was terrible, not attentive at all.  Wish I remembered the waiter's name.  We were tempted not to tip but in the end we left him 15% anyway (grudgingly).That last visit was the last straw though.  We won't go back.  Too bad they can't be more consistent in cooking their burger and they really need to improve their lunch service.  Even if it's not busy, it doesn't mean the service should slack off.
5	It is sophisticated and definitely very elegant. We sat in the room surrounded by wine. I was very intriged that my special request on the reservation was confirmed by the waiter before he suggesed dishes. I am allergic to parsley and when he was making the recommendations he also mentioned which dishes can be made without parsley and which dishes could not be. Very impressive. We ordered the bone in rib eye for two. Table side service. Suggesting for the bone meat consumption using our hands at a high end restaurant? THAT was a first. But, we did it and it was delicious. Oops, I should mention the appteizer first. steak tartar and burrata with sun dried tomato. Man OH man, best steak dinner I have EVER had. Ending with dessert Afrogato... I love vanilla ice cream and I love Espresso. We had a bottle of cabernet that was amongst all the food it kind of got lost.Service, ambiance, atmosphere was great. Be prepared to take a little hit on the pocket but defnitely worth it.
4	Divine ribeye, very rich and fatty but a must-try!  Hubby had filet mignon but thought ribeye was a better choice.  The only negative is that ribeye is only sold as a hunk of meat for two people at 72 dollars per person!!  Granted you get a lot of meat but never in my life had I paid 140 dollars for a ribeye!  A bit of sticker shock to say the least!  Overall great food but overpriced.  Sides were small and nine dollars a pop and very average tasting (ordered garlic spinach and snapeas and carrots, both of which were just "meh").  They should just include your choice of sides to the meat dishes, why nickle and dime me when everything is already so pricey?  Also, a simple pasta dish consisting of spaghetti, olive oil and parmesan for two-year-old daughter...19.00.  Ouch. And, no, I am not exaggerating.  Look at the photo of the receipt I downloaded.
3	Carnevino is definitely a meat-lovers joy - but maybe a little over-priced for what you get.My boyfriend is a carnivore and steak-addict, to the point where his friends recommended he come here.We started with the Beef Tasting Menu, and while the crudo was well done, my issue was so many places seem to do a raw Kobe appetizer. Something a little more creative (with same meat!) would have been lovely. I will say I really loved the beef-cheek ravioli - I stole my boyfriends because I felt my portion needed to have more in it. Personally, the wet and dry aged beef were good and "beefy and meaty," but my preferences run towards melty and buttery type of steak. I preferred the dry aged to the wet...the wet aged just seemed a little bland in comparison. We veered off course a bit - my boyfriend wanted MORE meat and we ordered the dry-aged bone in Rib-Eye for 2. I didn't eat much as my boyfriend devoured it, but the meat was flavorful for sure...just not my style. Ending with the tasting menu desert, which I can't remember because it was so generic. I think creativity could have been a lot better.Service was good and they helped us find wines to pair with our dinner well. Our server was so excited we wanted more steak - but maybe he just wanted the bigger tip resulting from the massive bill? The worst part of the meal was being seated in an area that looked out onto the casino/hotel walkway. I prefer people not staring at me or my meals when I eat. Lastly, the price. While the cuts of meat were good, I just don't feel the costs justified what was done in the meal. The creativity was lacking and maybe it's because it's such a meat-BASED restaurant...but I feel like it could have been more creative. If you liked dry-aged steak and big, bold Italian reds, this is the place for your. But I prefer my steak to melt like butter in my mouth and this isn't the place for it. I will tell you my boyfriend enjoyed it far more than I did. Otherwise, maybe try another, more diverse restaurant in the Palazzo/Venetian Restaurant row.
4	Mr. Batali, you r good...First of all, just know the prices are over...overpriced...but the food and service was quite delicious. The items we tried was the beef tartar...which I loved with the toasted bread.  Another must dish is the fruiti de mari....either it be an antipasta or a full meal.  The sauce was amazing...it came with amazing huge lobster tail in half and shrimp, calimari, and clams...it was so delicious..the sauce was most memorable.  It was like eating lobster bisque with pasta..it wasen't just your regular tomato sauce from a jar...it has a seafoodish flavor to it to pair well with the shellfish it came with.  We also shared the 8oz. filet mignon which was served perfectly medium and also came with table service where they sliced the meat into pieces for us and presented it beautifully.  We also had the arugala salad which was probably the worst thing we got from this place...it was so acidic, you had to eat lots of cheese to balance the acidity it had on it....we complained to the waiter but all he could do was notify the chef about it....what a sucker.  not there greatest decision there from a waiters point of view.....they could have taken it off the receipt for use...especially since it was the cheapest thing we ordered....and it was quite acidic and discusting. We had no room for desert and ate everything else.  Glad we didn't waste any food.  Great 3 meals out of 4 .Oh yeah...after the waiter cuts your meat and ask to add rock salt to your meat...don't do it!!!  just ask for it on the side and taste the meat first before you he does that.  just a safety measure for HTN and salty tongue ppl.  :P
2	Over priced, Over ratedService was slow, Steaks were over cooked and Lobster was like eating a tire!  Very sad!
4	Great service and food. Had the tuna. Lil too much salt and lemon but good. Had bone in rib eye for 2. Awesome. Took the bone hone for the dog. He lives it.
1	I recently had dinner at Carnevino with 4 friends.  While I've eaten in Batali places before, this one really takes the torta on overpriced food and fussy/condescending waiters and service.  Being from NY, I don't take kindly to snowjobs -- and this place was all about that.  Our server, a dweeb from LI to boot, who made lots of chit chat with us at first, was all about getting us to spend as much $$$ as possible.  He was good with the stories "aged beef, so carefully prepared...be sure to pick up the bone and gnaw on it - like Mario would do if he was here." Oh pleeze.  So pretentious.  The tale of the cannoli prep was the best, as another server made up seemingly compelling stuff as he went along.  I was anticipating and fully ready to vomit up my overpriced meat in response to the line, "each cannoli shell is carefully rolled between the nubile thighs of 16-year-old virgins" if it came to that. And in Vegas, that'd truly be a rare thing.After having 3 small pasta plates to share, we went on to the mains. And, by the way, one of those pastas, the penne with anchovies, was about the worst thing I've ever tasted and should be fully avoided. They push the steaks, but as we were two couples, we could have saved some money with ordering one steak to feed 4 of us.  Mr. Server Douche never bothered to mention that the Florentine Porterhouse steaks are big enough for 4 people.  Nope.  He just had us purchase 2 steaks at the cost of $80 PER PERSON!!  The menu is misleading, as we thought it was $80 for 2 - not EACH.Basically for me, this restaurant "jumped the shark" in every way and it'll be a long time until I eat in one of Batali's joints - anywhere.  Figures he's friends with Goopy, by the way.  Ugh.
5	Ate at Mario Batali's restaurant Carnevino at the Venetian, and it was a truly special meal. My husband and I were here celebrating an anniversary, and had a fabulous time. The decor is open and airy, and not stuffy. There was rock music playing lightly in the background, and gave off a fun vibe. This is a Steakhouse, that also serves all the homemade pasta dishes that Mario is famous for, but the meat is the star of the show here. My husband and I got the rib eye for two, and I don't think I will ever have a  better prepared steak than here. They carve it table-side, and present it artfully on your plate.  The rib eye comes with this huge Flintstone size bone attached,  and they encourage you to gnaw on the giant bone.  I couldn't help but do it, since they suggested it.  Kind of a fun thing to do at a fancy restaurant. The second the wait staff saw me doing this, they brought over a perfectly steamed cloth with a lemon and a sprig of rosemary for me to wash my face.  Nice touch! The steak was crispy on the outside, and perfectly cooked on the inside. Salty, yummy, and incredibly decadent. We also ordered appetizers, and sides that were all delicious, but for this carnivore, the steak could have been the appetizer, main course, and dessert, all in one. The steak for two was 140 bucks, and worth every penny. Loved this place!
2	I was here with a large group for a dinner on Friday night.  We sat down and looked at the menus.  I was kinda thrown off of the price, however.  I did expect the quality and taste to match that of how much I was paying, so I grouped with a friend of mine and ordered the $80 porterhouse for 2, medium.While waiting for the porterhouse, the bread and butter came out.  The standard butter was fine, but there was also a lardo spread that was offered as well.  I'm a fan of trying new things, but I really wasn't impressed by the lardo.  It smelled like an armpit, to be honest.  I was content with my boring butter.The porterhouse came out, and I could understand why it was $80, due to how big the thing was.  After having a couple of bites, I found the cut to be pretty decent.  It was good for a porterhouse, but it was NOT worth paying $80 for 2, much less having to split the bill at $40 per person.The service was probably the best part of the entire experience, but it wasn't as great as expected.  Our server was fairly knowledgeable of the dishes and the wine pairings, but really wasn't there a whole lot.  And for reference, the dinner service was at its end of the night anyway.Overall, I thought the food was okay, but it really is overpriced and seemingly overrated at this point.  In this case, I had to pay to understand why.
3	Carnevino is a luxurious attempt to sell diners on buying pure hedonism.  All considerations of moderation in portion size, salubrity, and price are discarded.  As such, the experience of dining here promises to be great fun, so long as the restaurant delivers on its bold promises.Unfortunately, for me, it fell a bit short.Bread is served with a choice of butter or, scandalously, a lardo spread.  The latter suggestively hints at the hedonism to come -- it's the chef's way of asking you to go ahead and indulge before the real fun begins.  It's a nice touch.Then there's a black fettuccine with crab.  The salt level rendered it nearly inedible, although the pasta itself was very well made.    Steak was a porterhouse for two.  It's carved table-side which makes for a nice show.  The meat is finally seasoned and liberally dressed with good olive oil.This, I must say, is a huge slab of meat.  Just the bone is of Flinstones proportions, and it's returned to the table for some undignified gnawing.Flavor-wise, I don't think this porterhouse is going to blow anyone away.  The filet side of the steak is quite bland, in spite of the heavily seasoned exterior.  The rest is quite nice, but it's really an extraordinary amount of food and, therefore, one endures the sameness that comes with eating lots of meat in one sitting.  The ribeye, which I've had here before, is much better.  But that hardly excuses Carnevino.  I never give a restaurant a pass for the diner "ordering the wrong thing."  Surely if I only ever ordered foie gras, the very worst restaurants would pass muster more often.  One-third of the steak was, effectively, flavorless.  As I typically expect a tenderloin to be somewhat less flavorful, I expect the chef to make a better use of the ingredient.So my overall feeling is that Carnevino makes lofty promises but fails to elevate the basic experience of a steakhouse.  At this price point, I'm hard-pressed to recommend it.  If you do go, stick with the ribeye.
3	It was good and the sommelier was awesome and witty. We ordered a bunch of different things. Beware the steak for two is 80/person so its 160. It isn't too clearly labeled. The summer pasta is good. The mashed potatoes are pretty good. There is egg yolk and cheese folded into it. The new york steak was good and it was plenty! This place is owned by mario battali. Its got a nice ambience, but not worth the price.
2	Italian steak house... Over priced, over cooked, meat quality just seemed lesser for the prices - disappointing... I've been to several of Batali's restaurants, in both Vegas, and Manhattan, and this place is definitely the worst of his, that I've been to.
4	I came here after hearing raves about this place from personally notable steak-eating friends from LA.  I'm not sure why other people would come here and not get any of the Beef Tasting Menu- it's sort of like going to the fresh seafood place on the pier and ordering the pre-frozen stuff. I arrived to vegas early friday for what is to be the beginning of a jam packed party weekend.  I 'open tabled' our reservation of 2 for friday evening and decided to get a black label and tonic instead of a red so I don't fall asleep trying to hang at XS.Steak:We ordered the 26oz Bone-in-ribeye for 2 ($72 each, $144).  It's the one in the picture that looks like something Fred Flintstone would be chomping on while yelling Yabba Dabba Doo in between bites.  I'd give the steak broil quality/technique (9.5/10), Tenderness consistency (9/10), Overall taste (9.3/10).  The steak is cut for you (cutting the steak properly is almost as important as the broil), however you may need to cut it smaller.  In comparison to Mastros, I would say this comes in a close second...on a good Carnevino day it may even surpass Mastros. I'm not sure why some reviewers are complaining about lack of taste on the raw portion of the steak... do they expect the chefs to inject marinade into the meat?! That's how steak is folks..Yes they give you the large bone with little pieces of meat hanging on it so you can feel like a king sitting next to his recently killed prey.Bread/Sides:We were given traditional Italian Rosemary bread with a unique butter blend and also a separate lard-based paste.  I used each by themself then together- using them together was my final choice to finish.  So many of the previous reviewers complained about the bread and the butter/lard...what they don't understand is this is an Italian restaurant and so the bread/butter selection will not be the same as an American steakhouse- get cultured folks.  In addition to the steaks, we got the spinach cream side... for some reason I was expecting the side that Lawry's gives, but this one is basically raw spinach cloves tossed with italian spices and some buttery garnish all seared for probably 30 seconds.  This is definitely not a place to come to if you are sad about losing $20 on the slot machines as the prices are slightly above the majority of premium steakhouses I've been to.
4	Yum yum- I love this place. How yummy. Everything including my wine was delicious. I had the pasta with crab, lobster and shrimp. Yum. I would go back to Vegas just for that restaurant! I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 cuz my lobster and the others at my table came untracked which in a saucy pasta dish was not only a pain to deal with but super messy. Otherwise yum!
3	All together, our table shared 9 items.  Some were amazing and this included the calamari that was cooked to perfection with just the right crispy batter.  In fact, since there were several dishes to sample during the first course, I was surprised when I went back to it after it had cooled and the calamari coating was still delicious.  I also loved a special pasta they had with fresh corn, the flavors were fabulous.  However there were a few dishes I was disappointed in, like the Roman salad that was rather bland, with very little dressing or flavor.My biggest disappointment was a result of something the server did.  I was having a difficult time deciding on my main course and was torn between the mixed grill and one of the steaks.  I knew I wanted to try the aged beef they are known for, but decided on the mixed grill after the server listed its components as containing a 4oz skirt steak.  I love skirt steak and could then also try their bison sausage and giant shrimp.  When the dish was set down in front of me, I immediately asked about the steak as I could tell it was not skirt (generally a flat cut of beef).  The server was fetched and explained that no, it was actually hanger steak, but said he called it skirt because it is from the same part of the cow.  Funny because hanger steak is one of the few cuts I don't care for.  It is considered a good steak by many, it is just not my preference.  And it really isn't the same thing at all.  So after only one bite, my $62 mixed grill was a disappointment.  The shrimp was delicious, but the sweetbreads and bison sausage were just fare.  I had also ordered a $5 side of horseradish sabayon and was surprised it had so little flavor.  The sabayon texture was great, but I think there was a strong possibility they forgot the horseradish because all I tasted was the egg and salt.The desserts were also a mix - the sorbet had great texture and a special they had with cannolis was delicious, however their ricotta and berry trifle was a little bland with very few berries.My wine was fabulous, but my last experience was the server handing me someone else's check by accident.  Whoops!
4	Made reservations. Show up and am greeted by some exceptionally impolite hostesses. I'm about to drop north of $2-300 and the best you can do is scowl?Enjoyed the rosemary bread with lardo. Ate too much of it and skipped the appetizers. I recommend having a Fernet Branca to ease the stomach at this point.On to the main - double rib eye, Chicago style. Pleased to say that after a not so pleasant intro to the restaurant, the wait staff was spot on. He brings out the small cow, lets us appreciate it, and carves it before us. Piles it onto our plates, and remnants of the bone into the centre of the table.I've eaten at a lot of steakhouses, while in terms of location, decor etc Carnevino is not my favourite. In terms of the actual steak - Pretty hard to beat. It was that good. Melted in your mouth.At end of meal, waiter then comped us some Nonino Amaro - which he wanted us to try (we had been talking Italian bitters earlier on). Amazing.
5	The bone in Rib-Eye was worth the wait. They came to our table and cut it to make our dinner an enjoyable experience. If you love meat order the Bone-in Rib-eye.
4	During my last Vegas trip, I stayed at the Palazzo and stumbled across Carnevino.  At first, I expected it to be a regular steakhouse but I was in awe at how great the food here was. Entrees ordered: Veal chop $85, Anolini (Lobster & taragon ravioli) $38The veal was extraordinary. The veal was very tender and perfectly seasoned.  The anolini was smaller on the portion side, but it was tasty and fulfilling enough for me.  The service was wonderful, the waiters had great recommendations and seemed to enjoy working there - which I always love to see.
5	Carne vino - meat and wine, that is what this place is all about. Only the highest quality beef, veal, and pork are served here. The bread is served with not only butter, but also cured lardo. Cheese fritters, almost like gougeres, are served before the meal.  And we were delighted to find that they had several different vintages of our favorite wine - Solaia, from the Antinori vineyard we visited on our honeymoon - on the list.We decided to go with something we had not seen anywhere else before - the beef tasting menu. Four courses of beef - what could be wrong with that? Nothing, as it turns out.First course - wagyu beef (think Kobe) served raw in a crudo with olive oil, vinegar, coriander, and saffron, topped with fennel. This was elegant and complex - the bright hits of saffron and the warm nuttiness from the coriander lent an exotic feel to a traditionally Italian dishSecond course (a favorite from the whole trip) - beef cheek ravioli. Savory and satisfying slow cooked meat inside perfect pasta (this IS a Batali restaurant, after all), finished with a balsamic aged so long it has become thick and sweet - perfection.Third course - a wet aged beef served with a breaded quail egg and deliciously garlicky spinach. I love beef paired with egg, so I was very happy here.Fourth course - dry aged beef with Bearnaise. I didn't particularly care for the potatoes that accompanied this course, but the beef was excellent. Because of the tasting, we had the chance to compare wet and dry aged beef directly which was very interesting. We felt that there was more of a textural difference than a flavor difference.On to the desserts - I had the the vanilla semifreddo that was listed on the menu; served with pistachio rum sauce and extremely fresh strawberries.  My husband told the server that he preferred chocolate, and the pastry chef made a flourless chocolate cake with raspberries for him.The first two courses were far better than the two main courses, so I would recommend Carnevino for Italian inspired dishes (like the crudo) and fabulous pasta.
5	A great dining experience.  The food was amazing, from our Barratta bruschetta, chopped salad, pastas, NY strip, Porter House....all the way to our delicious desserts.  We knew the portions would be large (they don't hide that fact....they tell you that "for 2" serving serves up 26 oz, so we ordered accordingly).  We had the best waiter ever (Gary) who adjusted the order to our appetites and suggested a mix of dishes for our table of six.  Gary couldn't have done a better job.  One of the few star chef restaurants in Vegas that is up to par (and surpasses) their NYC fare.  Excellent!
3	We chose Carnevino for our fancy dinner out during a recent bachelorette party. We were happy to find that they were able to accommodate our large group (8 girls) for dinner, but were a little paranoid when they told us they'd charge us $50 for each person that didn't show up. They were also really persistent about checking up on us in the days leading up to the dinner - maybe they have a lot of experience with flakes in Vegas?Anyway, we were immediately really impressed by the space. It's dim and romantic and very upscale. They put us in a semi-private little nook which I liked because we were still able to see out into the main dining area but still got some privacy. I have to say the service here was excellent, though I wasn't so impressed with the food. Our waiter was really helpful in determining how much we should order and making recommendations, though I did get the impression that he was trying to upsell us. If we ordered as much as he suggested we would have been too stuffed to walk after our meal! However, he took it in stride when we ordered only some of what he recommended. The meal started with some tiny little complementary cheese croquettes, which were a small bite and very savory and tasty, as well as a bread basket with choice of butter or lardo to spread on top, which I thought was a nice touch. To start, we had the grilled octopus and two of their salads. I enjoyed the arugula salad with a triple cream cheese but the other starters were not so memorable. We also went with the ribeye, which was yummy but to be honest nothing special compared to other steakhouses I've been too, both expensive and more affordable. We also weren't super impressed with the pastas we had - a black fettucine with crab, a gnocchi and orrechiette with sausage and broccoli. They were all fine but definitely not memorable (I just had to look up the menu on the website to recall what we ordered!) To be honest, the highlight of the meal was the side of mashed potatoes we ordered, which comes with a poached egg and some sort of bacon type meat. It was so indulgent and rich! But I was a bit disappointed that the mashed potatoes were the highlight of this extravagant meal. Though I was totally impressed with the ambiance and service, the food unfortunately didn't measure up for me. With so many wonderful restaurants in Las Vegas, I don't think there's time to waste on mediocre expensive meals!
5	The steak was absolutely fabulous! The restaurant is great for a fancy romantic date. We went there as a luxury because we were there for our honeymoon. The steaks are marinated for 90 days!! Exceptional. The prices are pretty steep (we ended paying $300 for 2 people) but this is a one in a lifetime experience. The steak is hugeee, the mushroom pasta was tiny, but to die for. And the service is outstanding.
5	Best restaurant of my entire trip! Had the Filet - an amazing(very expensive) blend red wine, what I'd qualify as a very well done sangiovese. Started with the roasted beets... service was impeccable - I would definitely recommend.
2	Mario Batali must be on High Blood Pressure meds if he eats at hi own restaurants.  Food was oversalted. Overpriced for what we quality of what we received. Headwaiter was unfriendly.  Other waitstaff was good and anticipated needs well.
5	Ate here for the first time this past weekend with friends. Absolutely phenomenal experience. If you know food and love a great steak you will not be disappointed. The staff is amazing, very friendly and on point. Be sure to have a cocktail at the bar. Cooper was the bartender and he started the night perfect. The restaurant is very elegant and a perfect place to treat yourself, your spouse and your friends. The food was amazing from the bread with two options of spreads to the desserts. We started the meal with the octopus which is a definite must have, another is the ravioli stuffed with duck and covered in brown butter and truffles. These raviolis are off the chart. I am a huge foodie and this maybe one of the most amazing things I have tried. We had the ribeye for dinner which is carved table side. It is a monstrous piece of dry aged over-prime beef with exceptional seasoning. Be sure to order 1 temp over your normal taste and remember it is huge. We had the potatoes with pancetta and an egg, for a side. Some fantastic, but pricey, wine pairings. Their wine selection is second to none.  Desserts are fantastic. Overall this place is simply one of the finest restaurants I have ate at. I will definitely visit anytime I am in Vegas. There was 4 in our party and we spent $600 with food and wine. We ordered 2 rib eyes (4 portions) and we were unable to finish any more than half of it. Highly recommend this restaurant.
5	My first trip here was for my fiances b-day and i called ahead for reservations and asked if $200-$300 would be enough for a comfortable meal for two. Well the girl on the phone said most definitely .....AND BOY WAS SHE WRONG! I totally brought the wrong card that night but it was the best food we had eaten in a long time and probably the best steak ever (and I'm super picky with my steak). We definitely had to go back! So we recovered from his b-day and decided to give this place another try with the right credit card. We each ordered our own steak i had the rib eye, we ordered two appetizers,side dishes, dessert, wine everything!!! $700 later we had the best meal, best customer service, and the hugest bones to bring home to my dogs (which by the way took them three months to chew up) a little pricey but totally worth it!!! And i kinda like messing with the waiters who have to fold your napkin every time you get up lol
1	The service here is subpar.The ambiance is on par with Applebee's with nicer linens.The price for any cut of meat is on par with any other steakhouse but the subpar service / ambiance make it overvalued.In regards to service, I promptly showed up for m dinner reservation but was told to wait at the bar for 30 minutes while my table was cleared. I noticed that the table we were seated at was empty when I walked in. I understand waiting at the bar if I were late and if my table were busy. I do not want to be forced to visit the bar to spend more money.The waiter was amateur in every aspect. He pushed drinks when we just sat down with drinks ordered from the bar. He broke from taking out order to attend to another table. He insisted on upselling any item we ordered from each category on the menu. He forgot parts of our order.With 4 guys, we ordered 1 round of cocktails, 1 bottle of wine, 2 appetizers, 3" of meat (2" of rib eye @ $72 an inch, 1" of private reserve porterhouse @ $108 an inch), 3 sides, 1 round of nightcaps, 2 desserts. Except for the nightcaps and desserts, we ordered everything else based on the fact that we knew how much we would eat and ordering any more would be wasteful. There's no reason to ask to add truffles for $75.As per the ambiance, I would relate Carnevino to an Applebee's chain restaurant. I listened to track after track of Green Day and Sublime. As the night wore on, the music definitely got louder like were in some time of nightclub.I was going to give rate this establishment 2 stars but compiling this list justifies a 1 star rating. I think it bets heavy on the draw the Batali name brings but falls flat with everything else. I should have known better when I was able to make a reservation for 4 @ 7:15 PM on a Saturday on OpenTable and noticed there were availabilities for every other time slot as well. Compare this to Delmonico's across the hallway which only had reservation seating at 5:00 PM and 9:30 PM. If you must dine in the Palazzo, then definitely take your steak business to Delmonico's.
5	I'm surprised this place doesn't have a higher overall rating.I'm a big steak fan and i make it a point to make reservations at one of the nice steakhouses whenever i'm on vacation.   Aged meat is what this place is a all about!  All of their steaks are aged 90 days (which is the most i've every seen as most places do ~21-30days...with a select few doing 60 days).We started with the Jamon Iberico de bellota...I can finally cross this legendary pork dish off my list!   The meat was a bit waxy and really fatty...it was basically like prosciutto on steriods.  It was really good and definitely worth a try.Me and my friend split a Reserva steak (it's not on the menu but you can ask the waiter if they have any).   The Reserva steak is their super aged beef...ours was a 8 MONTH aged ribeye.   They sell the steak by the inch (thickness).  We ordered the minimum which was 1" since we were not really hungry.   The steak came out much bigger then expected.  It was bone in but i'd say it's probably in the range of ~16oz of actual meat.Ok, this is one weird steak.  It doesn't smell like steak and it doesn't taste like steak.   It actually tastes like the jamon iberico we just had!   You can see a lot of marbling even after being cooked (it was cooked rare).  I'd say this is probably a A4 grade if you go by Japanese grading standards.  The steak tastes like cured ham,  it has a weird funk to it like aged cheese...imagine some weird combination of cured ham and aged cheese.  It was a bit waxy just like the jamon iberico and it had a fatty coating to it.   Overall i'd say this is not bad...and an interesting steak to try but it's not better then your regular aged steak.    I tried some of my friends new york steak and i have to say it's probably in my top 3 at the moment.  It was seasoned and cooked just right with a nice charred crust.And seeing as how this is Mario Battali restaurant...the pasta was really good too!
5	Wow, amazing steak, amazing pasta. Classy ambience. Great for celebrations and groups. It's pricey but it's worth it. Get the porterhouse to share with the table - the presentation is great. Batali never disappoints!
2	Huge disappointment!  Two celebrity chefs equal big flavor right? No such luck.  Three words....season your food!  A little salt on my brussel sprouts, mushrooms and lamb chops would have elevated all three dishes....except that one of my double lamb chops was pure fat! Literally could not slice off enough meat for a small bite....which would have been okay if I hadn't paid the price of the farm for the meal and wine! Decided to order a cannoli to ease the pain.  If you can get past the smear that looks like a pool of baby poop, the cannoli are actually quite tasty. Unfortunately, at these prices I'm looking for aesthetics and flavor, and Carnevino missed the mark on both.  Did I mention the rancid black pepper butter? eeewwww! And shame on you!
4	I'm surprised that Carnevino doesn't have better reviews. I was very impressed the time that I went here with the quality of the steaks. I have to say that based on the quality alone, this is probably one of the best steaks that I have had in Las Vegas, and surprisingly I didn't have the bone-in rib eye, like I usually do. The price of the restaurant may be a reason for the low ratings, but if solely on the quality of the food, this should be a 5 star rating. The aged steaks are beyond great and probably the reason i am a big fan. They have a huge bone-in rib eye for 2 (that my friends had) and the meat was super tender and cooked to perfection. I had the double filet mignon that in my opinion was the best filet mignon that I have ever had - excellent quality of meat, aged and cooked to perfection, a perfect medium rare.What is also great about this place is not only the great steaks, but since they are an italian steakhouse, they also have some really great pastas. We shared the spaghetti frutti di mare which had numerous and generous pieces of seafood. Overall very good pasta with many other selections available too. Also, the appetizers that we got were delicious. A must try is the grilled octopus! We also tried the bruscetta which was also very good.The one thing that I was disappointed with here was that we did have some leftovers (mainly the huge bone-in rib eye for 2) and we attempted to take them home. However, for some unknown reason, we were given the wrong bag when we left. We discovered the error and I think that they accidentally threw our leftovers out when the table was cleared but they would not say they did that, so we left with no leftovers at all - and I know the steak would have tasted great the next day. The manager did take our drinks off our bill, which was a nice gesture, but we were still perplexed as to what happened. Overall, a must visit steakhouse for those of you coming to Las Vegas and wanting a higher end steakhouse.
2	I cannot believe how disappointing this meal was.  Our group thought, "Mario Batali?  Must be amazing, right?".. wrong.  Mr. Batali needs to get his orange Crocs into Vegas and try to figure out what is going wrong here.First off, the meal was so expensive.  We were dining with a group who all love good food and don't mind paying a lot for really amazing meals, but this wasn't worth half of what we paid.  The service was so bad and they sat our group of 6 at a giant round table that was so large you could only speak to the people directly to your left or right, not conducive to good conversation.  Our server was pretentious and frankly had the personality of a rock. My husband and I started with Proscuitto with seasonal fruit as an Antipasti, we shared the Gnocchi Bolognese as a pasta course, we had the roasted beets as a side, and I had an 8 ounce filet mignon ($50) and he ordered the 20 ounce bone-in veal chop ($85).  The proscuitto was delicious, melt in your mouth, just salty enough, it was really wonderful.  The pasta was disappointing.  At our table we had several different pasta dishes, and every single one of them was a let down.  Gnocchi was a little too chewy and the bolognese sauce was just... meh.  Nothing special.My steak was very good, it was really tender, but I have had (much) better steaks at other steakhouses, paying less, and often the steaks elsewhere are accompanied with something (sides, garnish, something!).  My husband's veal also was good, it was tender and had nice flavor.  Again, for me, it's more about the price.  That veal chop was not worth $85.We got the roasted beets as a side, and I enjoyed them, but I love beets.  Other side dishes at the table went untouched.The other dishes ordered at the table included a veal scaloppine and lamb chops, and the general concensus was that the food was unmemorable and nothing special at all. I think that if we had paid less for our meals or if we had really exceptional service, we likely would have left Carnevino feeling better about the experience.  But when you combine mediocre food, terrible service, a poor table setting, and a sky-high bill, the overall opinion was that this was a bad dining experience.  With all the great restaurants in Las Vegas, we are sorry we chose this one.
5	Not for basic bitches. Eat the lard & sit at the bar. The service at the bar is fantastic, and the bartenders will take amazing care of you (and get you very drunk).
1	After my last conversation with the junior manager at the restaurant, I promised I would write an accurate review: here it is. With so many great steakhouses in Vegas, skip this one and go anywhere else. I found my experience there to be a "used car lot" of steak houses. They sold items I didnt want -hard. For instance I ordered the filet, but the waiter said "for only 20 dollars more each, you can have the Fiorentina." I didnt want it, I had to fight to have what i wanted for dinner, and he wouldnt take no for an answer. That was the story of the entire meal: trying to upsell us on every aspect of the meal, including the Chamomile Grappa. I looked around, and this was the story at ever table, with every waiter. Maybe they work on commission? To add insult to injury, due to an error on their part, restaurant agreed to comp 2 drinks -as they took over 20 minutes to get our table. In my haste to make a show, I didnt ask for an itemized receipt and trusted the waiter. After the fact, requested the receipt and the drinks had magically reappeared, despite the staff's promises. Like I said - a used car lot. 2 stars because the food was very good. The staff and service leaves everything to be desired. There is nothing here that is better than any other steak house, and there is a lot that is worst than most steak houses in terms of service. Meal was $360 for 2 including fraudulently added drinks. (junior manager refused to fix after the fact, despite the fact that i paid $360 for a meal). I had eaten at Mastros in Beverly Hills the night before with infinitely better service, lower price, and higher quality food.
3	It was very hard for me to decide how many stars to give Carnevino.  We dined here at the end of September.  We had a reservation for the dining room but asked to be seated in the bar, overlooking the casino (it seemed a bit more interesting to me than the dining room).  This turned out to be a huge mistake.  We had to wait, wait, wait for service.  We were eventually split between two servers, who were extremely apologetic but also extremely stretched to the limit with work that they could not accomplish successfully in such a small space.  This is a huge managerial error, and when I turned in my comment card and spoke to a supposed "manager" on the way out, she seemed pretty unconcerned.  She was eager to move me along and was fast to blame the problems on the servers.  Not very professional.  Good managers survey the situation and make adjustments when things are clearly not working well.  Shocking for a restaurant of this caliber.The steaks were STUNNING.  I have been to several big steakhouses in Vegas:  SW, Cut, Nine, Circus Circus, Craftsteak.  My favorite for quality of the meat is Cut, but it is a close call with Carnevino.  The sides were delicious, and one of our servers was very skilled at navigating us to the best sides for our meal.  We were not offered dessert.Not sure if I will be back.  Depends on whether I am staying at the Palazzo and whether it is not crowded.  The management of Carnevino needs to remember that every diner and every meal should be treated as if it is special and important.  I am pregnant with our second child, and this trip was our last trip together as a couple before the baby arrives.  There are many dining options in Vegas (many of them are amazing!), and Carnevino should treat diners like they are important.special.
1	I had a horrible experience while dining at Carnevino last week. I was there with a party of eight people and our evening began without issue. However, things quickly went downhill after our appetizers came out. About fifteen minutes after our appetizers were cleared, a team of staff made a big show of bringing us new silverware for our main course. We expected that the main courses would be out shortly.  Everyone at the table was being patient, as we waited ten, then fifteen, then twenty minutes without any food. At this point, it had been over thirty minutes since our appetizers were cleared and frustration began to mount. Our server was nowhere to be found during this time, which exacerbated the situation, as we were left to wonder what was going on. Finally, the server came out, and I asked him what the problem was. He laughed and said that the food would be just a couple of minutes, then disappeared again. Ten minutes after this, still without food, is when I got really upset. Whatever the reason for the delay was, I would have preferred that our server had been honest with us about the situation, as opposed to laughing it off and lying about when the meal would be arriving. I left the table and went to the front desk to ask for a manager. I let the manager know our dissatisfaction. He apologized for the delay and offered us a complimentary pasta course while we waited. I accepted and went back to the table.  It was at this time that another manager came to the table to speak with me. This manager, Richard Douglass, immediately approached the situation in a confrontational manner, as if he was the wronged party somehow. At this point, I was very upset about how the evening had gone and I asked Mr. Douglass what was going on. He offered a series of insincere and condescending apologies, almost mocking me as our conversation continued. Mr. Douglass was treating the situation as if I was some petulant child that wasn't getting my way, as opposed to a diner that wanted nothing more than my very expensive meal to arrive in an appropriate timeframe. Mr. Douglas continued with his pompous attitude, without any appreciation of my concerns, instead pointing out that he did offer us complimentary pasta. I told him that he didn't get it, we didn't want pasta that we didn't order in the first place, we wanted our main course. He said, "fine, if you don't want the pasta then we won't bring it out." Our conversation continued and I asked him why it had been close to an hour since our appetizers were cleared and we were still without our main course. He said that it had only been thirty minutes. I told him no, it had been almost sixty minutes. He said, "sir, it has been half an hour. If you are going to argue with me about this, then this conversation is over." As upset as I was, I could tell that Mr. Douglass simply did not care and this conversation wasn't going anywhere so I said, "fine, the conversation is over." Amazingly, after all of this, it still took another ten minutes for our food to arrive. It so happened that the food was quite ordinary, but even if it was amazing, my meal had been ruined at this point. The bill came, and the best part was that because we were a party of eight, an automatic twenty percent gratuity was added to the bill. So the server got twenty percent of a close to $900 bill for basically abandoning ship once the problems started. On the way out of the restaurant, I again exchanged words with Mr. Douglass, explaining to him that I would be writing a letter to the corporate manager about the situation.I was in Las Vegas all week for a business convention, and the next morning I went to breakfast with some business associates. I brought up my experience from the previous evening, and one of the other men that I was with said he was at Carnevino two nights earlier and had the same exact problem. The food was very slow coming out, and he got into a similar argument with Richard Douglass about the situation. I hope that the Batali group receives enough negative feedback about Mr. Douglass and that something is done about the situation because the way that he treated our party that evening was nothing short of disgusting. Whether you are paying $20 for a meal or $1,000, the customer should be treated with some respect, not as though the restaurant is the one doing the customer the favor.
5	One of my top 5 dining experiences! At $216 per person, also the most expensive. Our waiter Gary helped the three of us order a terrific shared dinner that began with house made cured meats. The best course was the beef cheek ravioli with shaved fresh white truffles on top! We shared the steak Florentine, with more white truffles! Medium-rare was a little too bloody for my friends, but I wouldn't ruin a beyond-prime cut of meat by cooking it more. The kitchen, however, kindly put some extra fire under one of my friend's portions. Mashed potatoes with parmesan, guanciale, fried egg and more truffles rounded out the course. Desserts and house made lemoncello were a perfect end!
4	Expensive, but well worth it! The meal is brought out in courses, which was great for the large group I was with in that it gave enough time to socialize. One of my biggest gripes about nice restaurants is their portions. I've eaten at a few Michelin 3 stars and, while the food was great, I was always left wanting more. This wasn't a problem at Carnevino! My steak was superb, and I wasn't going to let a quality cut like that go uneaten. I was stuffed and could barely get down the last piece. The waiters definitely know what they're doing, offering complimentary wines for every meal. My only gripe, and the only thing that keeps Carnevino from being a 5 star, is the pace of the service. It took over 30 minutes for our wine to arrive, and the meal itself lasted nearly 3 hours. Would I go back? Certainly.
1	Worst meal we had in Vegas .  Steak tarta was the worst I've had. Octupus over cooked. Mixed grill unimpressive and the veal was a huge diassappointment so much so left more than 2/3rds.  Unfortunately make matters worse got sick from the food ruining  what we had planned as a special celebration
5	There is NOTHING not to love about Carnevino!I've been at least 5 times now, every year for my birthday, and once for Thanksgiving. The finest meats, the dreamiest wine list, the best ambiance in LV - I LOVE going to Las Vegas, but really crave those restaurants, bars and hotels that don't Scream the city to me - Carnevino and The Palazzo is just that - an oasis. The Ribeye for 2 - perfection, the pork chop, wonderful - this time we had the Bison, it was great, and splurges with some white truffle on our pasta starter. I'm a food writer and chef and a HUGE SNOB when it comes to fine dining. I dream of Carnevino, and truthfully, cannot imagine going every time, when I hit Vegas. We went to Bouchon this time, in the Venetian - I've been to the Bouchon in Napa, in Beverly Hills and now Vegas - wonderful and I'm a huge fan of Mr. Keller's. But I dream of Carnevino.... I'm obsessed.Go!!!
5	This establishment has moved up to my No. 1 favorite steakhouse, bar none.  Service is impeccable, friendly and responsive.  Food is fresh, with preparation that allows you to truly savor and taste the quality of the meat and the vegetables.The price is not cheap, but for a once in a while special occasion, bring your ridiculously high expectations - you will not be disappointed!
4	possibly 4.5 stars. extremely enjoyable experience all around. fresh shaved truffle galore.. I am a true believer in Mario Batalio after visiting both B&B and most recently CarneVino.
2	No offense but I came with a bachelorette party of 8 for some fine dining. And yes while we got good food, it wasn't worth the almost $600 tab, especially when alcohol wasn't even involved.We had to share:- Fruiti di Mare Spaghetti ($31) - your basic sea food red sauce pasta. nice inclusions were the lobster bites.- PAPPARDELLE with 'porcini trifolati' ($22 for the "appetizer portion", $37 for the dinner portion) - this was good but i've had just as good for less than the appetizer price.Here's the doosie:-Bone in Ribeye for 2 - WATCH OUT FOR THE PRICE - they list it as $72 but it is really $72 x 2 = $144 for ONE large ribeye steak- Porterhouse for 2 - again same tricky pricing wording - they list as $80 but it is really $80 x 2 = $160 for ONE large porterhouse.I'll be honest, I've had ribeye and porterhouse steaks and they tasted as good but NO steak should cost $160 unless it is encased in gold. Seriously, this was ridiculousI don't even want to bother telling you about the sides and dessert we ordered because in the end, the outrageousness of the steak prices boggles my mind.the food and service were fine. but i'm telling everyone now, save your money and go somewhere else. you can get just as good at any other place and still have money to go gamble.
1	I will keep this short. This has to be the worst restaurant on the strip. Just because there is a famous name on the door doesn't mean they know everything. However the waiter we had thought he was the god of fine dining. This is the most pretentious and deceptive restaurant I have been to.  Going here you know you're going to spend a lot, no big deal. But to spend that and get the worst service is unacceptable. And of course nobody in the place cares because they have gratuity already added for large parties. Steak was good, but everything else ruins this place.Go down the hall to Delmonico and treat yourself to a great experience. If for some reason you decide to still try this place and your waiter introduces himself and his name is Gary, run as fast as you can.
3	Order the Rib-eye bone in the bone was so big but the meat was pretty small. Cost $110.00 for a small piece of meat with no side or anything sigh. Ask to take the bone home for my baby and he loved it. LoLz
3	After hearing so many great things about Carnevino, we finally tried it.  The bone-in ribeye was very good but crazy expensive.  The dining experience, however, is really ruined by the very loud inappropriate music.  It was very annoying.  For steak that is just as good (and much less expensive) and a much nicer overall dining experience, we'll stick with Delmonico's.
5	Prosecco to start!  Guanciale mashed potatoes - life is good!Ok, life got even better.  Warm bread served with two spreads, an unsalted butter that is creamy goodness and creamy lardo.  Yes, lardo.  Oooohhh so nice.Excellent prosecco started us off and we paired it with proscuitto served with thin apple slices.  Very nice!  We enjoyed the black fettucini served with crab - sooo good.  Our main course - the dry-aged bone-in rib eye paired with Aragone red wine.  Ho-ly COW it's good!  The cart-side table presentation is beautiful, and it's sliced then sprinkled with a little sea salt and a little drizzle of olive oil.  We paired it with the spinach - just a bit salty for us, and the guanciale mashed potatoes with marscapone.  These mashed potatoes are a MUST TRY!  They're served with a poached egg that the waiter breaks and then mixes for you.  Beautiful and so incredibly good - the marscapone, guanciale and egg all come together in perfect symphony.How do you improve on such an incredible meal?  Warm saffron rice pudding for desert is how, paired with Dindarello dessert wine.  Sweet, sweet perfection.  I definitely want this again!Thank you Dawn (our server) - it was a great meal!
4	I would say my experience here was an outlier.  My party gave the waiter carte blanc about the meal we wanted to eat tonight.  With a little bit of a lot of alcohol I am sure we were taken advantage of. Our meal topped out with tip above a grand.  Please be sure to not buy what ever remainder of truffle they may want to sell you by the gram.  The shaving over whatever you shave it on after you drank as much as we did won't make any difference to your already blunted senses.  I think we paid for the 10grams of truffle $150. We probably used 2-3 grams on our food and did even bother to take the rest home.  The waiter brought out several things on or off the menu per our preferences.  We told him before hand that we like meat and pasta.  We also told him, them, whom ever was taking care of us, that if they saw the glass less than 3/4 full that they need to be johnny on the spot with the refills.  They were a bit slow on that but its not like we noticed.I am not exactly sure what we ordered but I will describe them and if you find that it is something you want to try then you might be able to describe it.We ordered the prociutto, carne cruda, and bison carpaccio for starters.  I was not a fan of the prociutto which I thought was cut to thin to handle. The cruda was terrific.  We also ordered the ravioli and the wet aged beef with the quail egg.  My personal opinion is that the beef with quail egg was the best part of the meal.  The ravioli was soft and filling.  We also ordered the beef that came out with a giant rib that sits on the table.  When we walked into the restaurant a gentleman was actually eating from this rib that resembled a dinosaur rib that was stolen from some natural history museum.  At this point we were into a second bottle of wine.  What was interesting which I thought was a nice touch is that they opened the wine and poured it into a decantur.  All other restaurants I have been too did not do this and this was different and kind of cool.  Of note, try the lardo.  It is the fat off a pigs back. If anyone has read the book "Heat" which is written by a food journalist who worked out of Mario Batoli's kitchen in New York knows what I am talking about.  The journalist describes lardo quite well.  My friends thought this to be a bit heavy and thought it was lard.  It is not.  It does kind of have a tang to it but its good and worth trying.You certainly don' have to spend a fortune to eat here.  We overendulged ourselves and made the most of it.  I liked it and the staff was eager to please but its probably because we kept ordering stuff.  The atmosphere is dark and sophisticated and great for meat lovers and wine drinkers.
2	MEH.  Let me preface this review by saying that I have absolutely no problem with paying top dollar for EXCELLENT food. That being said, I also HATE paying top dollar for mediocre food.That was my experience at Carnevino.  Mediocre, mediocre, mediocre.  I couldn't believe the prices they charged for the food.  Mario Batali should be ashamed!!  I ordered a couple of appetizer sized portions of the pasta.  They were okay, but the worst part was that the pasta came out COLD.  I had to send it back to get them to reheat it so that I could at least attempt to eat it.  I can't even remember what I had for my main - it was obviously not memorable.  Avoid this place and spend your dollars elsewhere - I personally love Bartolotta at the Wynn.
4	Went in for lunch. Had a nice glass I rose and the beef ragu. My food was delicious and the beef nice and moist. My friend was going to order the filet but the waiter said ny bone in was better so my friend was convinced out of ordering steak by the server! Other then that everything else was great.
4	The hubster and I enjoyed this place. I can't say that it was the best place where I have ever eaten, however it was good and I would go again. It was expensive, but I think it comes with the territory with these types of places. I did love how the fat melted in my mout though. Not a fan of fat, especially as a lady, but it was, alas, amazing.
5	This restaurant lives up to it's name of Carnevino. Meat and wine, that says it all. Mario Batali and Joe Bastianich have put together a very unique dining experience. Not because of it's blending of fine Italian cuisine along side of Steak; but due to it's blending of everything that make dining enjoyable. Carnevino is located in the Palazzo Casino and Hotel at 3325 Las Vegas Blvd. S. You would never know that you were dining in a casino due to the location of the restaurant. Carnevino is located at the side of the casino so there is no foot traffic passing by your dining area. The restaurant is also divided in two parts which are facing each other. One area is where the kitchen is located, and the other is by itself with only the other patrons and your wait staff. Each area can see to the other but are not connected which in itself is quit unique.The first time I went I was a bit taken aback by what I thought were high prices. I can say though that once you taste the food presented you understand the prices and wonder how they charge so little. My wife and I had the Bone in Rib Eye for two. I have to say that this is by far the best piece of meat I have ever had the pleasure to eat. It was so tender and easy to eat. It did not melt in my mouth. If meat melts in your mouth you do not get the joy of the meat resting in your mouth as you chew. I say bravo to the chefs who created this bit of heaven on earth to enjoy. The salad prior to the steak was wonderful as well. The sides were equally pleasing.We also had the most wonderful dessert. I would tell you about it, but it does not seem to be currently on the menu, and I think you would cry knowing what you are no longer able to get. I know I am crying that it is no longer there.I must say that I am equally pleased with the wine selection. What would you expect at a place called CarneVINO. The Somalia was very knowledgeable and took the time to make sure every customer was pleased and taken care of with their wine or cocktail selections.I also must complement our wait staff. We had two in attendance and they waited on us only until just before we received our check. My wife and I were both made to feel as if we were the only patrons in the establishment. Thank you so very much Carnevino.
5	I concur with many of the remarks about the price.  Being an Angeleno, I'm familiar with the big bucks for big steak concept but do bring a suitcase of small unmarked bills with you to Carnevino.  However, the heart palpitations of the sticker shock subside once you pop that first forkful in your mouth.  I think a good dining experience is one that you are able to relive after the fact by closing your eyes and your mouth waters.  Yep, that's Carnevino.  The grilled octopus appetizer was an ideal balance of flavors...slight tang to accompany the succulent octopus that you could cut with your fork.  But the magic moment happened when the bone-in NY steak arrived. I hate to attempt to relive it because it makes me want to cry that I can't have it NOW.  Don't bother with the sauces...they are unnecessary. And do yourself a favor and eat your veggies...try the brussel sprouts!  The perfect sip to accompany this dinner?  The Saluces Colline Saluzzesi red.   Heading to Vegas?  Crack that piggy bank open and experience Carnevino.
5	This has to be the best steak I have ever had.  They carved the steak at the table. it was amazing.  Only down fall was that they don't carry hp sauce, but they had a red jus sauce that was fab. I am not a red wine drinker so I was forced to go with cocktails. They were on the strong sideFoodBison Carpacciosauteed spinach41 day aged rib eye
2	Had high expectations going in as Mario Batali had become such a big time famous chef.   Tried several things on the menu and everything was mediocre at best.   I would have thought that Mario could at least of put on some amazing pasta dishes on the menu, but really nothing was all that special.    Would not have mind paying the expensive prices if the food was up to par
2	Four of us were there for dinner Jan. 7. The service started out well with suggestions for wine pairings. Carnevino's approach to serving smaller portions of pasta and other parts of their menu well explained. The beef tartare appetizers came (premixed) and were good. Things started to go off with the main course. The used cutlery was taken away but only forks brought. The food came and by the time we realized no other cutlery was coming we had to flag a waitperson from another table minutes (and cold food) later. We mentioned the issue but no comment was made by our waiter when he came to the table again eventually to ask if everything was all right. The entrees were delicious. The roasted beets amazing. Since the experience of the main course was disappointing, we chose to linger over dessert somewhere else. When we asked the waiter for the check instead of ordering dessert (something we told him we planned to do at the beginning of the meal) he seemed relieved we were leaving.
5	My experience at Carnevino was like having really Incredible sex.....you don't want it to ever end.  I was waiting for my girlfriends to arrive in Vegas so I sat at the bar and chatted it up with the bartender.  I think his name was Jordan, and he was fantastic.  He pointed me in the right direction for a great glass of wine, and then let me sample a few others.  We talked about wine for a while and then my potato gnocchi bolognese arrived.  OMG, it was delicious!  I didn't want that meal to ever end.  I probably could have eaten three more bowls, especially with the amazing Malbec I was drinking.  Well done Carnevino!   meat + wine = taste bud orgasms
5	Stormy and I found ourselves in LV a few weeks ago for a little R&R. We like to go there for a couple of days (not more) to catch a show and some great food. Couldn't get into Atelier de Joel Robechon (SP) due to (I believe) and incredibly incompetent hostess who couldn't manage to find us a table 48 hours in advance. Oh well.So we are wandering about and I ask one of the concierges for a recommendation at the Palazzo. He comes up with Carnevino and boy was the recommendation spot on. (see the Leah P review).We got treated like royalty. Got served like royalty. Had spot on recommendations for both the wine and the meal. In short it was amazing.Its pricey. Don't be fooled. But you can pay for sex... um food in LV!
3	My experience this time at Carnevino wasn't as good as it was on previous visits. We sat at the bar to watch football, which was a great set up for us. The service was great (as usual). However the food was a liitle bland/under seasoned this time around.  I had the steamed clams, Gnocchi with bolegnese and finished with the Pork Chop. The clams were great, but the Gnocchi didn't have the same pillowy texture as it did in other visits and the sauce was nothing special (bland actually). The Pork chop was OK, not as good as the one I was served at B&B awhile back. This restaurant has a ton of seating which understandingly could overwhelm the kitchen staff. So I'm not shocked by the inconsistency. It's clearly hit or miss here.
1	Took my parents and Uncle here and was absolutely amazed at the not just bad but insulting service.  I travel and eat out for work all over the country and this experience ranks as the absolute worst.  Food actually was ok but I will never eat at another Mario B. restaurant or in this hotel again.
1	Last meal with Mario  We went to Carnevino for our last dinner in Vegas. After reading many reviews and being a huge fan of Mario's we were anticipating a delicious meal accompanied by an equally beautiful glass of vino. Upon arrival we were seated promptly. Our waiter was attentive and helpful with the menu.  The music was VERY loud (and I enjoy a restaurant with music and a lively vibe) but we literally had to yell at one another- but what made it worse was the music itself - it was heavy metal with copius amounts of screeching and truly made eating there unnerving. When we asked if they could change the music or turn it down the manager said the playlist is dictated from Mario himself and if he changed it or turned it down he could be fired.  Clearly Mario has an interesting bend to his music but forcing it onto his patrons in a way that just makes you want to get up and run rather than stay and enjoy the food seems like a poor choice.  As for the food - the garlic butter tastes like hand lotion, my husbands venison came to the table raw and they cleared our wine glasses before the entrees were served   We had to ask for someone to find our waiter so we could get another drink.  When they brought the venison back after its 2nd trip to the kitchen it was over cooked and tasted like a wallet. Sorry Mario we will not patronize any of your restaurants again.
4	I found the Yelp consensus on Carnevino to be spot on- very good to excellent food that is pretty pricey but overall a great experience.  I found a few things about the restaurant worth sharing for prospective Carnevino visitors:1.  Be prepared for the hard sell!  The servers are knowledgeable and friendly but they've definitely been trained to get you to rack it up.  They'd try to shave truffles and pair a lobster tail with your glass of water if they could.  If you want to keep your bill in this solar system (barely), be prepared to stand your ground.2.  You'll notice that there's almost no bottles of wine on the big list that are sub $100.  Look at the wine by the glass menu and you and most of those bottles are available for $40-$90.3.  On your way out get matches!  I love collecting restaurant matches and these are just about the best one's i've ever gotten.  It's a huge, stylish case of matches, I can't even call it a box.  The Most Interesting Man in the World might not always drink beer, but he'd always light his cigar with Carnevino matches.
2	For the price you pay I don't think this place is worth it, but that's sort of my opinion of the rest of Vegas.Bison Carpaccio - was good, but only 6 or 8 SUPER thin splices for $18.  Barely felt like you ate anything.  It was good quality though.  Worth trying if you've never had it before, but you won't feel like you've eaten anything.Black fettucine - I don't know wtf is up with this dish.  It just wasn't good.  It had a seafood taste, but there was no seafood in it.  Maybe it was black because of squid ink?  i have no clue, but I wouldn't order this again.Dry-Aged Bone In Rib-Eye - It's a really really fatty piece of meat, not what I was expecting.  We order it medium-rare but it was pretty much rare, so the fat hadn't really softened enough to melt into the meat.  While the consistency was good and juicy, the meat seemed to have lots of tendons, which totally took away from the experience.  Maybe cooking it more would have softened them up a bit.Finally, our waiter was kind of a dick.  Someone in our party ordered an extra rib-eye by accident because the menu says for 2, so he said for 2 after he ordered, but the watier thought he meant 2.  It was okay because we split among 8 ppl anyways, but the waiter didn't even acknowledge the mistake or try to help us out.
3	I showed up at Carnevino with some friends after a long weekday on the Sands convention floor. I just wanted some delicious beef. I received this, in the form of perfectly cooked beef cheek ravioli, and a precisely seared fillet mignon. The vegetable sides were delicious. I could eat an entire plate of the broccoli by itself.The reason this is not a four star review is due to the experience. Do not get me wrong, the restaurant is beautifully decorated and lit, with great mood lighting. The wait staff were very polite and efficient. The problem was the bloody music.When I am trying to have a relaxing dinner with some business friends and clients, I should not have to shout at the person across from me over the eclectic sounds of Pink Floyd's The Wall album. When we asked a manager if the music could be turned down, he brusquely informed that was not possible.TLDR: Best $65 meal that I ever payed $120 for, which was ruined by the sound of goddamn helicopters and grandfather clocks.
3	Honestly over rated!I have been meaning to try Carne Vino since I'm a huge fan of Osteria Mozza & Pizzeria Mozza. I came with a big appetite and great foodie friends. I had the dry aged bone-in ribeye(serves 2), by myself. Yes, I eat a lot. But not because I wanted to gorge myself with tons of meat... ok maybe. But I also sampled the bone in NY strip and filet. I must say that the filet and strip were much better cuts compared to the ribeye. This is coming from someone who LOVES ribeyes, bone-in none the less!!! Definitely not worth the price. Some noteworthy side dishes include:Beef cheek ravioli, Insalata Caprese & seasoned black truffle pasta. I would highly recommend trying your choice of the strip or filet and spend money on a great wine to pair. I'm a fan of their Vino, but the Carne, not so much.
2	I had dinner here on a Friday night with my wife.  8:30pm seating.All I can say considering some of the other good reviews is that we must have hit it a bad night, time and server.  We were seated on time.  Place was jumping full.  Music was pumping.  Restaurant or club?  Our bus boy tried to entertain us while our waiter was nowhere to be found.  About 15 minutes later, we'd had a few refills of our water and ordered and received a bottle of wine from the Som. when our waiter finally showed up.  He turned out to be particularly annoying like he'd taken a happy pill. A good laugh was had when the guy who brought our bread and butter described the butter and second dish of salted lard.  We looked at him questioning the lard and he stated he'd never tasted it thinking it was disgusting and questioned why they served it.  His honesty was great and pretty much set the tone for the night.  I tasted it and it's not good.  Lard?!?!Funny thing, as we were finishing our appetizer of pretty good fried calamari but, not yet finished, I saw our bus boy walk by with our entrees.  He found somebody to set our table for the entrees and ask if we were finished with the calamari.  The timing and obviousness of all this was unfortunate.  Anyway, the two filets we had were good but not great.  I know this is Vegas but at $50 an 8oz filet they better be really good. The rest was uneventful and we left convinced we'll not be back.  Sorry Mario.  Kick it up a notch.
4	We came here for lunch on a Saturday.  I was craving a hamburger, so when I saw a hamburger on the menu, I was thrilled. The burger comes with house cured pancetta and sweet gorgonzola and I added the garlic fries.  My burger was so good, it was cooked to my desired temperature and it was so juicy.  The garlic fries were ok.  I was expecting just that; fries!  But they are (possibly) baked fingerling potatoes with fries, parsley, and parm cheese- still I am not complaining, but I guess I was just in the mood for french fries and some added garlic sounded even better.My boyfriend had the house-made pastrami.  Ohh hell's yeah! Very tasty but i liked my burger better.  My burger was fatty and delicious.  I was full the whole entire day.  So lady's, if you have a small stomach like mine and are planing on having dinner later on  have two bites because you will not be able to move after this massive beast-of-a-burger.  Service is great and the place I guess can be a bit expensive to some.  If you are looking for a cheap Italian place, then skip this one because you will complain after you pay, no matter if the food was beyond excellet.
1	We went there for dinner last night. at the suggestion of our son who ate there last week.  He told us to order the ribeye for two, but to pass on everything else.   Our son said to have dessert and coffee elsewhere.  The  food was good but not extraordinary.   The lardo tasted gross.   This "nice Jewish girl" actually tasted it!  The kicker to our experience there was the din that they called "music".  We were sitting at a table abutting a wall and the speakers (MANY OF THEM) are mounted on the wall.  We asked them if they could make the music lower.   NO!   That's the way Mario wants it, they responded.   Could they change the selection?   NO!   That's the way Mario wants it since he provides the restaurant with an Ipod with his selections on it and they have no leeway to deviate from his playlists.  They offered to change our table to an interior one, away from the wall, so we had our table changed, but that didn't help.    They were totally inflexible vis-a-vis the music.Only because of their arrogance and smugness have I given this restaurant only one star, grudgingly.  I do not intend to return.   Even at Vegas standards, it is very overpriced for what you get.
3	Finally tried this place out after a friend said it was the best place ever.Service- great service, waiter is attentive and very friendly and helpfulMenu- I felt it was a little limited, even for just a "steak house" but they options they did have were superb.Steak- Order the porterhouse for 2, to compare with ones i've had in NYC.  Steaks are dry aged for 3 months, and you can tell.  It was super tender and the flavor was good, but the extended dry adds another level of flavor, almost a sweetness, that I could do without. I personally prefer just the taste of the beef.  If you've ever had chinese dried sausage, it has that kind of sweetness at the end. It also wasn't as juicy as I am accustomed to for a porterhouse, but it was a very good piece of meat.All in all its a very good place, but given my options in NYC, I wouldn't go back here.
4	***Carnevino is expensive, but the meat choices (like the New York Strip and veals chops) as well as the grill octopus and lobster ravioli are very good***While I am not a big fan of Las Vegas restaurants, Mario Batali's Carnevino definitely excels at putting out great meat dishes.  We had several of their meat offerings including the bone-in New York Strip and the veal chop and both were very good.The bone-in New York Strip was a thick cut and it had a great crispy outside sear, which was flavorful.  The meat was very tender.  It was undercooked at rare, but it still had a good flavor (and was of course moist).The veal chop was better.  It was also very thick, but it was cooked more appropriately.  Veal chops should be between medium rare and medium and this one was.  The meat was moist and tender while the outside crust was distinct and flavorful.  Veal can often be a tad bland, but this one had a good flavor.  This was probably the best veal chop I have ever had.The lamb chops were just okay.  Unlike the other meats, the lamb chops were not that thick.  They were a tad overcooked and while they did have a decent flavor and were tender, they were just not as juicy as they should have been.  Also, the outside crust was not as good as the veal or the New York Strip.We had two other dishes that were also very good.  One was their grilled octopus.  I've heard Batali's grilled octopus at Osteria Mozza is very good.  This one was exceptional.  The octopus was very soft (which can be difficult with octopus) and it had a great flavor.  There were some good pickled vegetables on the side and maybe something else like prosciutto to give it a nice savory flavor.I have not enjoyed many of Batali's pastas, but I did like his lobster anolini.  The lobster filled ravioli was very good--moist with a great lobster flavor.  The cream sauce was mixed with tarragon and it was flavorful and fragrant without being overly buttery or rich.Most of the other items were in the just okay range.  The arugula salad featured a triple cream, but the triple cream was surprisingly dry and a little hard.  The bruschetta was okay (as was the big eye tuna crudo).We had the pappardelle with porcini mushrooms and while the pasta sheets were good, the pasta went cold quickly.  It was also a little bland.  I was expecting the braised pork agnolotti to have a more impactful filling, but it was not as moist or savory as I was hoping for.  The garnish of chanterelles was good though.  There was a little bit of butternut squash on the plate, but it did not provide the sweet flavor I was expecting.Most of the sides were just okay (like the spinach and the roasted beets), but the mashed potatoes with mascarpone and a poached egg were rich, creamy and quite good.I had the flourless chocolate cake for dessert and it was okay.  I am not the biggest fan of flourless chocolate cake because it can be too dry.  While it was a little bit dry, it had a good (but maybe not great) chocolate flavor.Service was good.  The staff was attentive and the food came out at a good pace.Prices were high (which is common in Las Vegas), but when you share several of their dishes (family style), you might be able to save a little bit of money.Carnevino has very high ceilings and a loud atmosphere.  The place has the look of other expensive steakhouses--kind of masculine looking with lots of dark browns.The meat at Carnevino is very good and it is up there with some of the best a la carte steakhouses I've tried.  I am not the biggest fan of these steakhouses, but Carnevino is one of the better ones and they even have a few other good things (like the lobster ravioli) to balance out the meal.Carnevino is located in The Palazzo, which has free parking (valet or self).
4	Upside- 12oz. Filet Mignon. Best steak I've ever had. Perfectly cooked medium rare.The surprise- The sauteed mushrooms (slight kick to it) and the mashed potatos (w/ a fried egg mixed in) was incredible. I was expecting a great steak (especially for the price) but the sides were the dark horse.Downside- Two things- 1. Price, however this was expected and was a special occasion. 2. Alcohol, lack of selection for beers to be exact.  I'll admitted I'm not a wine guy but I am a beer guy. I thought that for this caliber of restaurant  they should have more craft beers that you can pair with the meal. However I was told was pretty solid.
3	Super Bowl Weekend. Las Vegas.Carnevino.Had a huge group outing to Vegas for Superbowl, and one night we dined at Carnevino. A party of 12, we sampled a bit of everything from the menu. A few people were excited it was a Mario Batali restaurant, but I am still scarred from my friends food poisoning from B&B Cafe a few years back.All in all....it was good. Didn't love it, didn't hate it. eh.
2	We arrived on time for our 8pm reservation on a Monday night and we're told by the receptionist that they were running behind and it would be 15 - 20 minutes. I said that was ok as long as that didn't really mean 45 minutes. She assured me it wouldn't be long. We were finally seated...1 hour AFTER our reservation. I'm quite sure if we were to show up an hour late, our reservation would be canceled, but I guess they find it acceptable to make their guests wait well beyond a reasonable delay. After dinner, we sat around for a while chatting and were asked to move so they could clean the table. This was after ordering a $1400 meal (including two nice bottles of wine). This was a bit odd...Finally, I went up to the bar (which was still open) to order a few espresso martinis. The bartender was ready to serve me a drink until he found out what I wanted and then promptly said "sorry we're closed". Meanwhile there were 10 people still sitting at the bar drinking and he had already put a cocktail napkin in front of me. I walked away dumbfounded...Now, I will say the food was very good. However, the first and last impression left a very bad taste in my mouth and as a result, we'll never be back. Too many other great options in Vegas.
4	It was my first trip to Vegas and my husband took me to Carnevino for lunch! Being in a hotel, the atmosphere of the restaurant is very nice and has a very warm feel to it! My husband got the burger, which was out of this world! It was juciy, thick and hearty.. like what a burger should be like. I got the linguini, which was not what i had expected it to be like. Perhaps the spice of the sauce was overwhelming and lots and lots of carrots! But the linguini itself was very good! The texture was just right.. talk about Al Dente! If i got a diferent sauce, it would have been a 5 star!The beef tartar with mushroom was also absolutely delish! I like my meat medium rare, but if you are going to eat a meat RAW, it should really be at a place like Carnevino where they know what they are doing and can make it taste... yummmm!I havent gone for dinner, but if you are looking for a nice dinner that you cant go wrong, make sure to stop by Carnevino!
1	I was so disappointed. The meat was wonderful but the atmosphere and service were not up to the high price. The service was slow and all of the staff seem to be racing around.....literally  you are in the middle of a mad dash of the waiter. And what is with the blaring music. Not the atmosphere I want to be in. Could not wait to leave
5	Best steak I've ever had.That pretty much sums it up.  I was determined to try this mythical 6-9 month aged beef I had heard about, so we strolled in, got a side table, and managed to coax up a new york strip steak for two.  That wasn't quite what I was aiming for, but it turned out well.I can see how some people might complain that the "ambiance" isn't quite there, but I was so focused on my objective (eat the old steak) that it didn't matter to me at all.  And boy, did it pay off.I have to say, I was not really expecting what I got.  I don't run around looking for great steaks, and I usually dump Worcestershire sauce on everything.  But that was not needed here.The meat itself arrives and the first thing you notice is the waxy deep red color.  This is meat ... but meat that has *evolved* before hitting your plate.  The waxy look is not just for show either ... the beef is tender and suffused with the waxy texture as much as the look.  It was literally as if the fat had endeavored to permeate the fibers of the meat itself and succeeded.  The flavor was just slightly funky, but deep and textured.  It paired perfectly with vegetables.  Post-bite, you could still feel the flavor seeping into your taste buds.  Until you lifted your fork and did it all again.Definitely call ahead to be sure they'll have the right aged meat ready for you and some better seats.  If you want to eat a meal you can talk about later, you will not be disappointed by coming here.
5	Yep.  Excellent.  Have been there twice.
5	Fantastic! Visited this establishment last week while in Vegas for Valentines Day.First off, Giulio (sp) our server, was amazing. Top Notch. Most likely the best server I have had at a restaurant period. His recommendations steered us to a fantastic dining experience, he offered us a few things off the menu including an appetizer that was superb, and a special gelato flavor for dessert that was unbelievable. Seating was delayed about 10 minutes past our reservation, but it was Valentine's day night, and I will excuse it, realistically, it happens. We had the chopped Salad and a tri-tip ravioli as our appetizers, I sampled both and they were both very good. The salad has a nice kick from the peppers to it, and the ravioli was served with a 25 year aged balsamic that topped it beautifully. Main course was the 90 day dry-aged rib-eye, which is carved table side. Giulio did recommend that we order it medium instead of medium-rare as we asked, stating that the medium here is closed to a traditional medium-rare. I was very glad we did as it was cooked perfectly. The meat just melted and while the rib-eye is pricey (72$ each) there was a very large portion served, and the quality of the meat spoke for the price. I try to visit one high-end steakhouse with each trip to Vegas, and so far Carnevino takes the cake. Definitely make a reservation, and ask for Giulio as he was amazing.
5	awesome awesome awesome!!!
5	If you love steak or meat, this is the place to go.  My husband I and I just had the most amazing dinner here last night.  Both got steak and practically didn't even need a knife to cut it.  The wine, salads and sides we ordered were outstanding!  PLEASE NOTE: your bill will be on the higher end...and even though we hardly EVER do something like this...you get what you pay for. Superior service, fantastic environment and outstanding food!  Great place to take a date or impress someone:)
5	Steak and Wine! what else can I say! Been to this place 2 times already and just sat at the bar..... I guess I like doing that!  This place is pretty expensive so I hope that you are going after a strong dice roll at the tables! We started with  the grilled octopus and the Jamon plate... both were fantastic! We had a aperitif and then a glass of wine suggested by john the bartender. He also suggested a pasta before the steak, on one occasion we had the gnocchi and the other the raviolo which i thought the raviolo was much better.  We then had a masterpiece of steak slightly charred from a blazing oven, the dry aged bone in rib eye!  Absolutely mouth watering tender  with that amazing char broiled flavor!   One of the best Ive ever had , even though I was a little drunk by then! The next time we tried the filet and the new york strip .... both were good, but not the same as the rib eye. needless to say you will pay for the rib eye, but i would strongly suggest that if you were going to go there. Our bartender with his Salvador dali moustache was mixology at its finest making a perfect cocktail and keeping our wine glasses full. We even got to try a few unique different spirits on the house to try next time! well worth it and a fantastic place in Vegas!
2	The steak (bone in ribeye) was fabulous but the sides were only OK. The service was poor and that is unacceptable in this price range. The wine list was good but the prices were astronomical, $23 for a glass of Malbec. I cannot recommend Carnevino.
3	Visited Carnevino with two business associates last night. I had very high expectations going in, given that this is a Mario Batali establishment, and quite frankly for the price, I was disappointed. The restaurant was beautiful, but the music was waaaaay too loud! The entire night, I had Led Zeppelin, U2 and some other weird junk blasting in my ears. I love classic rock, but I found this very out of character with the restaurant. Not sure Mario would have approved that music choice. The Waiter and Wait Staff were excellent. Very attentive without being overbearing. Allowed us to move along at our own pace. We never felt rushed. The Wine List was extensive, and exhaustive to read. Their focus is obviously on imported wines, primarily Italian, which fits with the theme of the Restaurant. Great selection, Vegas prices, what can I say?! The food was a mixed bag. Bread (buns?) came with a salted butter, and some gelatinous pork fat spread. It was no pork rillette, for sure. It tasted like flavored lard. As for antipasto, I had the Insalata Caprese. It was nothing like the pictures you see on the web site here. Obviously getting fresh tomatoes in Vegas in February must be a challenge, but this had 4 slices of like re-hydrated sun dried tomatoes with a pesto sauce with some very mild white cheese. Where is the buffalo mozzarella? Where are the Heirloom tomatoes. Very disappointing. One of may associates had the Caesar Salad and didn't finish it. We also tried the beef cheek ravioli's. Very good, especially with the aged Balsamic as a kicker. Now for the main attraction, the meats. These wee 3 of the finest cuts of meat I have ever seen. I had the 16 oz Bone In New York. Wow!!!!! Cooked to perfection, beautifully seasoned, and tasted incredible. Another associate had the 8 oz Filet. Again, a superb piece of meat. I think he licked the plate!!! However, the main attraction were the lamb chops. Three of the biggest (they are double cut), juiciest and most perfectly cooked chops I have ever seen. The flavor was beyond words. The chops were a work of art! So large though that my associate could not finish it all. We also had the Fries as a side dish. Pass on those. Soft, soggy and drenched in oil. Yuck! I would recommend Carnvino for the meats. They are spectacular. As for everything else, they were very mediocre to poor. As a restaurant owner, I was a little disturbed by the quality and consistency of the experience given the steep price tag you pay.
1	We wanted a relaxing dinner at a good steakhouse. The concierge at our resort recommended Carnevino. He was 4 star on one (the steak) and less than one star on the 'relaxing'  request. The room was lovely, mostly empty when we arrived, and they tried to seat us at a 4 top in the doorway between the 2 dining rooms, that would have one of our party partly blocking the flow of waiters and patrons moving between the rooms. We requested to be reseated and the second table was acceptable. Then the trouble began, the MUSIC was better suited to the Hard Rock Cafe and the volume of a major outdoor concert!!!  On  4 occasions we requested that the music be turned down, and it never was. Our waiter told us the manager refused to do that. I requested the manager come to the table to talk to us. That did not happen either.Really good steakhouses are not that difficult to find.....especially with a $$$$ designation....so skip this one and go where a customer' reasonable request is given the curtesy of a response . And it was not just our table location, a walk through the room while leaving revealed the same decibel level throughout. So when you want to spend $500.00 (without wine) GO SOMEPLACE ELSE.
5	Food: 5/5. Service: 5/5. ribeye & La Fiorentina; black fettuccine, anolini, spago; steak tartare, pastrami, calamari, Zach's chopped salad
4	Showed up late here and they had a late night menu. J.T. the bartender took care of us. We ordered the 16 OZ NY Strip (medium rare) and 2 of their Shimp Diavolo (these things were monstrous). The steak was well aged, I would say 60 days, the crust on it gave it a great deal of depth, it was well marbled and every last bite was consumed. The shrimp were served with a spicy tomato sauce atop crusty bread, they had to be at least 8 oz. each, probably bigger. I would recommend this place, and I will be going back next trip to Vegas.
5	Fantastic restaurant! The food is amazing and the service is even better. The wine selection is outstanding also. I recommend Carnevino to all of my friends and family.
5	I absolutely love this restaurant! I actually had dinner alone at the bar and had one of the best experiences in Las Vegas! First--you must ask if J.T. is working the bar. He is so much fun and really knows his drinks and mixology. Actually, the entire staff is beyond amazing and this is one of my new FAV spots. If you love sipping on a great bourbon, tequila or vodka and don't mind spending $$ on a great drink, you have to ask the bartenders what their favorites are! I met so many great people at the bar that had actually come back from the previous night just to see J.T. and have him make them cocktails and recommend what they should have for dinner.Grilled Octopus - YUMMY (4 people has it while I was there)I had the orecchiette pasta, it was really great and the portion size was perfect.I love that you can order side dishes, salads, dinner and desert at the bar or in the main dining room, which is beautiful! Such an amazing experience! Ask for Beluga Vodka, if you are into sipping on an amazing imported vodka from Russia. It is perfect chilled with a twist.
4	Omg you must get the grilled octopus!!! Best dish of the night besides the porterhouse steak. Great service and hot server!  Definitely a family style meal with the dishes.  We had a party of 7 and ordered 2 steaks and a bunch of sides. If you're also looking for a pasta dish, the gnocchi was great.
4	This place is crazy expensive, but they serve only the highest quality ingredients here and prepare it with the utmost care. My boyfriend had told me about Carnevino and his exact words were, "the best beef you will ever eat." The last time my boyfriend was in Las Vegas, he had come with a bunch of friends for a bachelor party and the best man made a dinner reservation there.When my boyfriend and I came to Las Vegas for one of his basketball league games, he insisted that he had to take me here. There`s one thing on the menu that`s meant for two people. It`s the Dry Aged Bone-In Rib Eye that comes with your choice of two sides. Don`t let the price scare you. Yes, it`s $144, but it`s worth every penny, especially if you`re already willing to spend a ton of money in Las Vegas.The beef has been dry aged for two months, which means that the flavor of the meat intensifies the longer it sits, resulting in the most delicious, flavorful, and succulent piece of meat. The sides we got were Roasted Shitakes Aceto Balsamico, and Mascarpone & Guanciale Mashed Potatoes. When the beef and sides come out, everything is presented table side. The beef is carved for you and the server puts virgin olive oil and sprinkles some sea salt on top. After he carves your meat, he sets the bone so you can nibble off the little bits of meat still on the bone. You`ll look like Fred Flinstone gnawing on that huge bone. The sides are both served in small skillets so they stay hot as you are enjoying your meat. The mushrooms were alright, but the mashed potatoes were excellent. Creamy mashed potatoes with mascarpone cheese and chives mixed in topped with a raw egg. Your server will break the yolk and mix it into the hot mashed potatoes. So rich and absolutely delicious.The meat definitely stands on its own. It doesn`t need anything accompanying it. When you take the first bite, it is unbelievably juicy and tender. The olive oil gives it a richness and the salt just brings out the flavor of its natural juices. Amazing.Definitely the best beef meal I have ever had.
4	I like the ambiance, the style and the service of Carnevino very much and that makes it a fun and enjoyable place.1.  Service - From the cocktail staff to the servers, everyone here is top notch. They know their menu and style very well.2.  Meat - Not bad, it is elegantly produced and masterfully presented. We had the Bone in Rib Eye 3 months aged, and also 8 months aged.  These are servings for two.  They recommend it cooked medium rare. It was okay, I prefer a bit more of a tender texture and this was the right color and warmth, just a bit chewy.3. Appetizers - Had the Orecchiette Pasta and the Calamari.  While a very small dish, it was fine since we had heaping plates of beef coming our way.  The Calamari was light and tasty.  the Pasta was very nice, however, the serving very, very small.4.  Back to the meat - I have to say, for the price we paid, and the fact that this is a suggestion by the staff, I would say that this was not the best meat I have ever had.5.  Vino - Nice huge selection and plenty of choices for the knowledgeable and plenty of raised eyebrows for the uninitiated!  We asked and got great suggestions for a reasonable price.6.  Parties - This place is huge, and huge and even more huge. It goes on and on. Great for really large parties, however, it may not be private.I do plan to come back and experience this again. I would still ask for the Rib eye and have it this time just "pink" rather than medium rare.   Overall, I have had the steaks at Del Frisco, Delmonico, Golden Steer, Flemings, Anthony's, Besos, Binions, Capital Grill, Craftsteak, Mortons, Smith and Wollensky, Palm, Envy, Gallagher,  and  Charlie Palmer, so I would say this was fair to middlins.  Gotta come back to try it again for sure!
5	Now this is an exercise in restaurant grandeur, and Mario Batali and his wait staff here do not disappoint.  Walking by the restaurant in the Palazzo, you do not get the sense of impressiveness; it just looks like a little restaurant tucked away near the entrance of the casino.  However once the maitre'd starts walking you to your table in the main dining room....the experience begins.  I was belittled by the tall ceilings, soaring arches, artwork and the feeling of old Italia.  Even better is that the restaurant goes on forever, and you'll know what I'm talking about when you go to the restroom (private dining room after private dining room flanked by rustic wooden cabinets filled with bottles and bottles of wine as far as the eye can see.  Yeah, this is how they do it here, and it is no joke.  Let me state that I researched all the top Vegas restaurants before deciding to eat here, and so glad we did.  At Carnevino you're going to get the best of the best quality ingredients, and classic dishes prepared expertly.  I had the pre-theatre menu, going with the Tagliata di manzo (arugula salad topped with slices of Parmigianino and beef Carpaccio), the filet mignon (medium rare), and the gelati.  We also added in two pasta dishes we wanted to try, beef cheek ravioli and black truffle linguini .... and both were so amazing; pasta perfectly tender and flavors beyond comprehensible.  I would highly recommend trying the pasta -- portions are small so you could easily split one or two.  It just doesn't get any better than the filet at Carnevino.  Expertly prepared, it is as good as it gets.  The great part about the pre-theatre menu is that you get the same steak on the full menu for a fraction of the price.  The wine list is also beyond.  Had the Las Rocas Tempranillo to start, and then went with a full-bodied Italian for the steak.  Now for the service... In a word, top notch.  Our waiter was the most articulate and knowledgeable of ingredients, food, preparation I can remember.  He actually got us excited about the history of food...now that is a good waiter. In sum...Carnevino is an experience...so come planning to spend a lot of time having your meal.  My one regret is that we were on our way to a show so couldn't linger for longer. I've been to several of Batali's restaurants...Del Posto, Babbo, Lupa, and Carnevino is my favorite so far.  Don't miss this place.
1	Unfortunately this was so disappointing.  I was expecting an amazing steakhouse experience based on other reviews I had read and the caliber of restaurants in the Palazzo/Venetian complex.  I thought when we first entered the restaurant and were greeted by our waiter we were in for a real treat.  I love the steakhouse experience and was excited to try this one.  It just didn't live up to my expectations.  The music was too loud and maybe inappropriate for a steak house.... Loud Rock music?? I don't know, maybe it just wasn't to my taste.  The service staff was courteous and knowledgeable and started off on the right foot, but turned out to be just too slow.  And the food wasn't good, the wine was good, the sides were good, the bread was good, but the star of the show..... not so much.  I mean it's a steak house, you go for the amazing sides and the meat but especially the meat and this just didn't live up.  We had an early reservation at 5PM because we were attending a show and we opted for the prefix theater menu thinking only to save a little time to make our 7 o'clock show.  We let the waiter know we were going to want the fast track and he confirmed with us it would be no problem, they serve pre-theater guests all the time.  We were sorry we had to rush our meal, but we figured an hour and 45 minutes should be enough time.  It wasn't.When ordering our meat we were told this restaurant doesn't follow the normal cooking standard for beef.  For example if you want your meat medium rare you should order it medium. We confirmed our understanding with the waiter of the cooking temps and ordered our meal. And from here on it went down hill. When our meat FINALLY came they were all over cooked and bland.   I mean, no flavor in the beef at all.  I make better steak than this.  We asked the waiter over and let him know they were all wrong and he offered to send them back for us (as he should).... but at this point, we were out of time.  So we asked for butter, salt and pepper (ridiculous to have to season your own meat at the table of a steakhouse!) and ate.We asked for the manager to come over so we could let him know we were disappointed and when he finally showed up he did what he could and was courteous about the whole thing.  Unfortunately you just can't make up for bland food and slow service.  I just can't recommend this restaurant.  I wish I could but if you're looking for a great steak house experience, this isn't the place.
5	My wife and I dined at Carnevino on our honeymoon, about 2 days after our Vegas wedding. It was her gift to me, knowing I was always looking for the "best steak I could ever find".When the steak came out we were ecstatic. The thing was beautiful before (a true tomahawk behemoth, featuring red, black and brown tones on the outside), and after carving (perfectly stacked and distributed by our server. Then topped with a bit of sea salt). It had all the fat, slight char, and concentrated beef flavor that I look for, but on a grand scale. Further, the excess bone, once carved off, was full of that great, succulent, aged ribeye bone meat. We were encouraged to pick the bone up and have our way with it (or "enjoy", as the ever-proper waitstaff would put it). The server even came over and took our picture while we attacked this thing like a couple of rabid dogs! Needless to say, those pics will be in our wedding album for generations to come. I live in Chicago, a true beef capital, and have eaten at steakhouses all over this city looking for the best. Never have I had an experience separate itself from the pack like that glorious ribeye for two at Carnevino. We will be back. One beef (no pun) though- barely not enough to dock a star - $28 for 2 Campari and Sodas. That's just unheard of. On the other hand, they charge just $10 for an Amaro Nonino. Get your prices right.  We were happy to pay the $142+ for just the steak for 2, but would have gotten our appertifs elsewhere if we knew we'd be getting screwed like that on such a simple, inexpensive drink.  Overall though, I will dream about this steak until the day I return. That's really all you need to know about what you're going to get. Just use caution on your drink orders. Your bill's already going to be huge. Service was great too.
5	Carnevino is a fabulous (albeit really expensive) meal, especially if you make some good selections. My brother (the hard-core foodie) knew that the best steak, the reservo, is not on the menu. It had been hanging since late June (almost nine months), and our server Jim did a fabulous job of explaining the taste profile. He also suggested pairing it with a more traditional cut, both to provide a contrast and to cut the gamey taste of the older meat. For my two cents, the old stuff is great and has an element of ham in its taste...but that's just me. The appetizers and sides were fine but utterly uneventful, though the steak tartar was a touch better than that. Our first round of cocktails was solid but nothing special, but after the first round the bartender, Cooper, came to check up on us. He offered to make me something off-menu if I gave him a taste profile. He came back with an A+ concoction of amaro, orange bitters, orange vodka, ginger, and lemon. Highly recommended!My only complaint would be about pacing. For $200/person, I expect pacing for a 2-hour meal. As the appetizers were coming, I expressed this concern to Jim, and a 2-hour meal did, in fact, occur. Without intervention, though, I'm guessing 1 hr 15-30 minutes, which is too quick for a restaurant of this caliber.
3	Excellent Service.  We had the Bison Steak which was excellent.  The mascarpone mashed potatoes were awesome.  But the prices and the atmosphere could be better considering you have to walk through the whole casino just to get to it.
5	Food is out of this world.  Very expensive but worth it. Try the grilled octopus!
5	I waited 2 years to get to Carnevino and I could not have had a better experience.  From arrival to departure... the music was fantastic and I was told that Mario Batali chooses the music for each location, great job Mario - nothing better then a fine bottle of wine  and incredible dry aged  rib eye for 2  as well as those marcarpone mashed potatoes while listening to Led Zep and the Chili Peppers.  Our waiter Guilio was amazing and his recommendations were spot on... octopus...yum...  Anyway well worth the wait and Carnevino will become a must for each Vegas trip....no doubt - not going to wait another 2 years!
4	This was an incredible dining experience!  The ambiance and the waitstaff were truly great.  The food was really incredible.  The only issue I have is the price.  It's an expensive restaurant but the the big issue is the sticker shock on the prime rib for two.  The price on the menu was per person, although it wasn't worded that way.  We were surprised to see it cost double on our bill!
2	I was not impressed with this place at all. To start out with our service was awful. It took us 20 minuets to get waters, then I think we saw our waitress 2 more times the whole meal. We had the bone in ribeye for two and it was disappointing. They didn't cook it enough but they carved it before asking if ok so they couldn't cook it more. My salad was bad and I left most of it on the plate. I was never asked how anything was. Was thus meal worth $350??
4	The 3 month aged ribeye steak is great.  It's worth trying at least once.  Definitely eat the meat off the bone also.  It's just as good as the steak itself!
3	Does not live up to the expectation....for the steak.My wife and I went because of the great reviews of the 8 month aged steak. When we arrived the wait staff was very nice and friendly and sat us immediately. They provided us with complimentary bread with two different spreads, which I believe was butter and lard. I ordered 1 1/2 inch of the 8 month aged Strip cooked med-rare and my wife ordered the Sea Bass. We also had a side of mashed potatoes. The steak was cooked perfectly but seriously lacked flavor except for the small portions that had a little salt salt sprinkled on it and it wasn't as tender as I thought it would be. You do taste the aged flavor. My wife's seabass on the other hand was FANTASTIC. The portion size was super small but it packed a ton of flavor and was very soft and flaky. Neither of us were too crazy about the mashed potatoes either.For dessert we shared the rice pudding which was very good. It tasted like a bowl of cinnabon. In short for the price, it definitely wasn't worth it. I would have rather gone to SW at the Wynn, Del Frisco's or Lawyr's Prime Rib.
2	This review does not reflect the service here: our server Robert was knowledgeable and friendly. It was that nothing Wowed us. I mean first the restaurant has a view of the Casino. I wanted to Escape the casino to eat but I was still in it. I mean for 250 for two people you want a bit of a vibe.Our App was tiger prawn in a red sauce, it was fair. Our salad came out with a few wilted pieces- if I am paying 20 bux- it better be fresh. Both apps were nothing to write home about. The star of the meal was a bone in fillet but this also did not knock our socks off.Would not go back.
2	Not very good and wouldn't stay in Business in CHicago or most major cities. Firstly it is ridiculously over priced. I don't mind paying whatever when a meal is worth it but this wasn't. The Pasta tasted like it was ROnzoni out of the box, the salad was wilted and way over dressed and for 20 bucks for literally a tack of lettuce, it should tap dance across the table. The steak was less than average at once again, at $95 for the ribeye for one, they set the expectation of what should be served. It's basically an all out avoid as there are many many far better places to eat in Vegas.
2	What a disappointment! Saw this on a "best of" steakhouse list, made reservations way ahead , and , really, no big deal.  Better steakhouses in any big city, including several in Denver. Lots of snobby attitude by staff, inedible salads, pretty good steaks, ridiculous prices, bad music played way too loud, and well, that's about it.   Fair warning, it's just nothing special for the price.
3	Food 4 stars.  Service 2 stars.I'm a fan of Osteria Mozza in LA so was psyched to try out Carnevino by Batali in Vegas.  First of all I was shocked by how enormous it was, definitely could fit several hundred people no problem.  The service started out great, with an amuse bouche, attentive waitering etc, but slowly it started to wain.  He stopped coming by as much and by the end we had to really go track him down which was annoying since we were late for a show.  he also refused to split the check on more than 3 credits cards for our party of 10 which was lame.The food was great.  I would definitely say go there for the meat.  The pastas were just ok in comparison and the bruschetta just pass on. But the steak tartare and the filet mignon and ribeye were amazing.
2	Did not get even close to what I ordered. I ordered a tagliatelle pasta, which the waiter repeated after I said it, and I ended up with a salad. What would have otherwise been a great culinary experience was ruined by the waiter's very odd mistake. I was thinking I would be back until I got the salad, which sealed the deal for me. Make sure you save a lot of time because this is definitely a slower pace meal.
4	I absolutely loved the dry aged rib-eye.  The steak itself earns five stars, but I'm knocking off a star because of the beginning and end of our meal. I was starving already and what felt like an eternity was probably a half hour before our waiter took our order. But I must say that the food came fairly quickly after the order was placed. We came with a party of 10. I shared the rib-eye, in addition to two sides, with my husband and a girlfriend.  The rib-eye was well worth the money and should be tried at least once. I would actually eat it a second time.  For the sides, we order the shitake mushooms and asparagus - both were good. Other people on our table ordered the filet mignon, the porterhouse, and the truffle pasta - none of which were as good as the rib-eye. I tried my friends' dishes as well, but there wasn't much worth remembering about the filet mignon or the porterhouse. I don't remember the name of the pasta dish, but as soon as the waiter mentioned "truffle", the two girls that ordered it were sold on it. Unfortunately, truffle is not always good on everything.  The pasta was drenched in truffle oil - definitely too rich for my palate. By the end of the meal, we were beyond stuffed and didn't have room for desserts. However, we were celebrating the birthday of three of the guys and the restaurant was nice enough to give us some cookies.. or not. Though the gesture was nice, other restaurants like Elephant Bar gives better desserts than cookies to birthday folks. I didn't taste the cookies because the appearance didn't look appealing already, but those that did said it was stale. Perhaps they like to age their cookies too???
4	I ordered a salad which was just ok, however my entree was amazing!  I ordered the duck canolloni and it was awesome!  Very pricey place though so you will need to make sure you are ready for a hefty bill.
4	my BF loveeeeeeeeeeees this place. BEEF CARPPACCIO - 4 stars. thinly sliced, light flavor. very goodARUGULA SALAD -  very good, light oil/lemony flavor and freshBLACK TRUFFLE PASTA - good, buttery light flavorBONE IN RIB EYE - i had the rib eye... first bite was definitely heaven. i like to be impressed at first bite. i definitely was.i did get sick of the steak after a little while, but maybe it was because we ordered so much food.DO - Tell them how you like your steakthey tend to cook their steaks a little on the rare side, so when ordering, you should always tell them exactly how you want it based on color.DON'T - Let them choose a wine for youthey are going to try to sell you whatever over priced bottle they can find. you are better off picking one yourself... if you don't like the taste, be sure to send it back.
1	Came in with a group of 9 . We all ordered our steaks medium to medium well . They were all brought out extremely rare . 5 steaks needed to be sent back . When they were brought back out the streaks were still rare . When we asked the waiter why that was , his response was that most chefs will cook a steak a little more rare than you ask for it . If that's the case why ask for a temperature at all?  Aside from that complete debacle , I ordered the filet mignon . It was not seasoned and tasted completely pathetic. I could not believe this place considers itself a premier steak house . This experience was completely horrendous. Manager did take off 3 steaks from the meal but our check was still 1100+ bucks . Everyone left more than half of each steak uneaten. Do NOT eat here if your in town . There are plenty of other options - Try Craft steaks at the MGM
2	Maybe it is on par with other Las Vegas restaurants, but my experience was nothing exceptional.  For a $60 steak, I must say that I was rather disappointed.  Also, the environment was very noisy --- maybe because of the loud rock-n-roll music (in a fine restaurant?) or maybe because the acoustics are just bad in there.  Service was excellent.  I can say that I have no reason to go back ---- nothing exceptional going on there.
4	We had tickets to Blue Man Group and this is a featured pre-theatre dinner spot with a special menu and prices if you show them your tickets.  We took the special which has a couple of apps to choose from, a couple of entree choices and dessert. Ron had the calamari in spicy pepper-tomato sauce was light and crisp.  It did not even look like it was breaded until you bite into it with a crunch. I chose the deconstructed Caesar salad with radicchio which was crisp and zesty with very pronounced garlic. It had 3 whole anchovies which I prefer to be hidden but they diced up easily enough on the plate.  The highlight of the dinner was the fillet mignon which was aged to perfection, delicately seasoned and cooked to perfect temperature. This was served alone on a simple clean white plate. No sauce, but none was necessary.  The steak is clearly the standout at this restaurant, and it is in the top two steaks I've ever eaten.  The other standout of this restaurant is a bit more unfortunate --  and it has nothing to do with the food, it has to do with the ambience.  The music selection is discordant and unsettling. During our meal we were subjected to an entire nirvana unplugged new york album, followed by another entire album from "The Black Keys" .  I like a few songs from both of these albums, but don't really want to listen to all of the "B" tracks, and probably none of it during an elegant dinner. With appropriate music this place would earn a 5 star rating.  The wait staff said the selection was on purpose as a theme from executive chef Mario Batali.  Mario, if you read your reviews: please let someone else pick the music!
5	It really is the best experience - service is spot-on, food is really impressive. I had a Manhattan which was perfectly sweet up front with a manly kickback. Table bread is a rosemary ciabatta served with seasoned lard which I have never had before and I almost sucked down the entire little pot of it. Bison carpaccio was goddamn astounding, albeit a bit too small for two to share, but could be fine for just one. Of course the filet side of the porterhouse is a lot softer than the strip side, it's good to eat the strip side first and finish with the filet. They leave the bone at the table for you if you're so inclined to scrape down that really soft, red goodness... OH, and the potatoes? With ricotta and the poached egg? I could have drank it like a milkshake. We skipped dessert. We didnt want to wash out the flavoring of the aftertaste of 8 months of dry age. I just kicked back and enjoyed the assy taste of the back of my own teeth for a while. I absolutely will be returning.
5	I went Memorial weekend to celebrate my cousin's graduation and the rib-eye from Carnevino may have been one of the most memorable things... especially since I can't remember half of Saturday night.  Just like everyone said in their posts, the food is amazing here.  And I'd especially like to recommend that you request for their round table if you're going there with a large party.  The round table had this awesome embedded lazy Susan that makes it really nice to order family style and do  courses with a lot of variety.   I would LOVE to go back!
4	Even though it's been a year or two since I was here - I felt this review was important to write.  When you are looking for a special place to take someone and you're using a lot of your well-earned money to do it - I think it's important to have reviews to fall back on.  My boyfriend and I went here after we watched Jersey Boys.  There isn't much to say about this place except. GO THERE.  IT'S INCREDIBLE.  Not only were we treated like royalty - the steaks were melt-in-your-mouth good.  The selection of wines was great and the ambiance (low lights, quiet) was incredible.  My mouth is watering just thinking about it.  If you can afford it.  Go.  Just be ready to spend $200+
2	Mario should be ashamed!There is no question that the product quality id there but the portions are pathetically small and everything is way over priced. We has a table for four behind the giant bull in the entry way facing the bull balls. Not a very pleasant view even if we were cows. Bottom line is that this restaurant is, in theory, a winner but they need to bring down the prices and pay more attention to the portion size.
5	We went here for my Son's birthday and he picked the place. I usually don't go to steak houses when I go out to eat because it is something I can cook at home but this place was so good I would go again and again!! We both had the Beef tasting menu and each course was better then the last. The steak tasted like nothing I have ever tasted before it was awesome!!! The service was top notch also.
5	Let me start off by saying that I'm not rich, or some high roller. Just your average construction worker who wants to enjoy some great food while in Vegas. So when I heard dinner was going to be at Harrah's, well, I had to put an end to that real fast. No offense. We're on vacation. I wanted me some good steak! Two names kept coming up for best LV steaks: Carnevino (Mario Batali) and Cut (Wolfgang Puck).Carnevino is a nice place. Looked pretty fancy but they let me in. Nice people with good service. Lots of room and not crowded. Their Dry Aged Bone-In Ribeye for 2 was the BEST STEAK I've ever had. Side dishes not my thing, but my dinner dates loved them. I'm more of a baked potato or fries kind of guy. They had a spinach salad, fried eggplant with tomato & ricotta, mascarpone & guanciale mashed potatoes, and some pesto (i think). Also had the Bone-In New York. Both delicious, but if I had to choose, definitely the ribeye.Make sure you don't get the table by the bull's ass!
5	I've read about this establishment via many reviews. Always wondering what a Mario Batali restaurant experience would be like, I earned the opportunity to visit Carnevino this past Thursday with a very well known international, "enthusiast," and his wife.I've been to Maestros and Strip Steak, both which were excellent, but this was in a completely different realm. I can't begin to tell you what we had, but there was virtually everything imaginable in front of us. The 9month aged bone-in rib eye, mashed potatoes, the amazing bread, steak tartar and consistent, "compliments of the chef," dishes kept pouring out.The service was excellent along with the entire management staff and of course, the food.I ordered the New York bone-in which was incredible. I also tasted some of the bone-in rib eye and the aged bone-in rib eye. Absolutely perfect.I don't want to go into more detail because I would be spoiling the possibility for someone to experience what we did, so I will leave it at that.Four hours later when we were finished and having digestif , the chef came out to chat with us. I'm sure it was due to the fact of who we were with.
3	Ambiance: 2. One star for the dim lighting and tall ceilings.  One star for the.... hmm, that's about it.  The restaurant doesn't even try to create some sort of universal vibe - there's one large room as far as I saw that remains relatively noisy.  In the background they played Michael Jackson (RIP) and a few other 80s artists the whole time.  But they dressed old school Italian steakhouse feel.  The whole place was just confusing, I would definitely not choose this place for a date and questionable for large special occasion as well.Cost: 2. More expensive than some comparable peers in Vegas (see my review for CUT, which is just around the corner).  Steaks are probably worth the price, but pastas and other appetizers seemed a bit on the pricey side, even for Vegas.Food Quality: 4. More of a seafood guy, but I still loved the filet here, just not quite as good as some others I had.  That said, I've been told by other steakhouses that THIS is the best steak in Vegas, and noted it was ranked nationally.  I suppose I miss something getting the filet vs the ribeye.  Great wine selection.  Sides and side dressings for steaks we ordered were immemorable.  Gnocchi pasta was o k but wouldn't order again.. Black Fettuccine Seafood pasta was great, but overpriced for portion size as another reviewer mentioned.Service: 4. A little over the top, really pushing hard for tips etc but all in all quality service that explained the menu well.  Able to accommodate us on a Monday without a reservation.When to return: To honor Michael Jackson.  Steak craving.  Balling at the Palazzo.  When they've banned you from other Vegas restaurants nearby.
5	High price, but out of all the upscale spots I've eaten at, this one actually seems worth the price. Food quality / service... satisfied. In the top three steak joints I've ever been to.
2	Really,   seat me in some ante-room-chamber that is not part of the restaurant with the excuse "well it can get loud in the main dining room". Welcome to Vegas you knuckleheads. So what is with the Menu/Pricing structure.  $15 for a taste add another $18 for the full entree?If you need a taste put it on the Starters/Appetizers menu, the entree should be $33 simple as that. Next porterhouse, $80 per person for 2 only?  seriously, $160 for a steak that is no better than Craftsteak, Cut or any other Carnage in Vegas for 1/3 that price. Adding Mario's name may have intrigued me enough to try this place, but the people running it will NOT bring me back......
2	Horrible!!! My wife ordered the filet, and I the Aged Bone-In New York. Both tasted like they were seared in a pan of oil, with no salt and pepper. I have been to many steakhouses, and this had to be the worse. When we complained to the waiter, he asked if we wanted steak sauce? Told him that we should'nt have to put  steak sauce on a $60.00 dollar steak. Go to Prime at the Bellagio. Go anywhere but here!!
3	3.5*First off, I'm a big fan of Osteria Mozza (another Mario Batali joint).  Came here for a bachelor party and was hoping this place would live up to Mozza.  I got the Black Fettuccine and Grilled Halibut.  I also took a couple slices of the bone-in rib eye that was $72/person (serves 2).  I really enjoyed the Black Fettuccine.  The flavor of the crab was just perfect, not overwhelming or underwhelming.  If I remember correctly, this was an appetizer.  Grilled Halibut was ok...nothing special.  Didn't wow me at all.  Maybe this was put on the menu for non beef eaters.  Slices of the rib-eye were disappointing compared to the bone-in rib-eye at Osteria Mozza.  The texture and flavors were better at Mozza.  Maybe if I never went to Osteria Mozza, I would be impressed.  I will definitely give this place a try again.  I had a slice of filet mignon too but it was too small of sample to give it a definitive judgement.  I liked the slice of filet mignon (non bone-in) that I had.
5	One of the best meals I've ever had. I'd recommend the bone in ribeye for two and starting with the raviolo.  Great room, great service, great food. Will definitely be back.
3	I tried the bone-in rib eye and the filet mignon.  I was pretty disappointed.  Both were decent.  I just expected more from a fancy place like this.
5	For me, this is the type of meal that is once in a lifetime. Maybe later in life I will have others that compare but this meal was truly memorable. I was so excited that we got to sit in the wine cellar at Carnevino, being that I LOVE RED WINE. It was so charming and swanky to be seated next to a stellar collection of wine. I'm sure that is mostly thanks to Joe Bastianich, Mario's partner for Carnevino. Anyways, onto the food. They give you a delicious loaf of WARM bread along with whipped butter and pork fat. I usually shy away from such decadence but we are talking MARIO BATALLI here!! I indulged...multiple times...throughout the night. This is what it's all about people! We decided to order 5 appetizer portions of pasta in lieu of steak, is that bad? If it is, I don't care because the pasta was the best pasta I ever ate. We had pork ragu, frutti de mare (seafood), and spicy tomato and basil. The wine list is expansive and impressive, not to be missed. Go and trust the waiters, they know their menu and are happy to talk it out with you. I loved every minute and Carnevino!
2	Rather than write an actual review, I will share the letter that I wrote to the General Manager. Hope it's helpful.Carnevino RestaurantRichard Douglas/General ManagerDear Mr. Douglas,My fiance and I decided to try Carnevino because one, I love Mario Batali and two, we enjoy trying new places.  It was also his 39th birthday and I decided to take him somewhere fancy.  I wanted to express my sentiments in writing so that you may get a full understanding of our dining experience.First off, the bar service was awesome.  I had one Greyhound and I was tipsy.  Thankfully, the bartender gave me a great drink for a great price of $15.  If you want a better variety of patrons, you may consider dropping some of your drink prices.  Las Vegas being a tourist town, it's hard to enjoy a drink if you are paying through the nose.  Not to mention, it's not like he used Grey Goose, Russo-Baltique, Belvedere or Oval.  He used Kettle One. Sorry, that's not a $15 drink.We were excited to try the food since I reviewed the menu prior to making the reservation.  I already knew that we would not be eating steak even though Carnevino is a "Steak House" type restaurant simply because I refuse to pay $72 per person just for rib-eye, when I can get a great steak at Maggiano's for a much reasonable price.  Plus, my guy and I are not big meat eaters.  Before I get to the food aspect of my letter, I wanted to talk about your staff.  We had two waiters:  Marco and Danielle.  We loved Danielle.  She was the type of person you could have sitting at your table like she was an old friend.  Her energy and knowledge of food preparation and description of items was awesome.  I felt like we belonged there and she made us feel very welcomed.  Then, there was Marco.  Marco reminded me of those European waiters who has been serving people in fine restaurants for probably over 15 years.  He personally made me feel like I was not good enough to eat at your restaurant.  It's a feeling I have experienced before and it certainly is very disappointing especially when I knew that our dinner would be pricey.  I expected better service and frankly, my fiance felt the same way.  If it weren't for Danielle, we would have left upon being seated.As a starter we ordered the fried calamari which was amazing.  I also loved the bread and topping options.  I am a little bit of a risk taker, more so than my fiance and I decided on trying the Roasted Quail.  We enjoyed our vegetable selection of Italian broccoli with roast pork,  fried eggplant and the best mashed potatoes we have ever had.  Now comes the fun part: the bird.  The quail smelled like wet dog and I tried it, just once.  I was polite and asked Danielle to remove it from my table because it actually made me nauseaous.  I am sure that it was cooked the way it should be but the reality is, not everyone has the same palate.  Chef's take the kind of thing personally so I assured the manager and everyone else that it was nothing the chef did.  I simply did not want it.  If it was New York pigeon, I would have guessed that instead.  The manager was kind enough to bring me something else even though I was fine with paying for my quail.  We weren't looking for a free meal. I like it when wait-staff come to your table to check on you but Marco coming to our table a total of 9 times in 10 minutes was not needed.  It was as though he was checking to make sure that we had not left without paying.  Maybe the fact that my fiance and I are heavily tattooed, one might think that we must not have much money.  Afterall, it's not like tattoos are expensive, right?  I must not be employed to be able to wear a BCBG dress, have 70% of my body tattooed and manage to pay a $125 bill without blinking. My mistake.We won't be returning.  Though we enjoyed the side options of the menu, the food overall was not what we expected.  The atmosphere was nice though you really need to consider a different option for music.  Not everyone likes the Rolling Stones, especially on repeat.  And have a chat with Marco about his demeanor.  Though I am sure because of his many years of experience as a waiter, he must assume that this equates the same for how you treat people.  I could stoop down to his level and say something like, "Afterall, he is only just a waiter" but then again, I am above that.  I respect people and respect what people do for a living.  Maybe one day, he will have a waiter quite like himself and remember that he serves the public, much like a janitor. Sincerely,Ilene HuffmanP.S.  I find it amusing that some of your staff members have to wear a suit to pour water.  That's a bit much, don't you think?
5	Best restaurant of any kind in Vegas. Dry aged beef to perfection, actually has a "silky" texture coming from the marbling. Creative,fresh, and seasonal desserts, drinks, and apps. Most knowledgeable, professional, and passionate staff you'll find.
5	There's a reason why this place is one of America's best steakhouses. Moving to Vegas from the Midwest was pretty tough for a steak-lover like me until that one summer night I went to Carnevino. Boy was it special and oh so memorable! You start off with ciabatta with lardo and butter on the side.  Followed by cheese puffs - soooo gooood. The flavorful dry-aged beef (that requires special treatment in aging process) carved right in front of you, sprinkled with sea salt and drizzled with olive oil...definitely no steak sauce required. I paired it with mashed potatoes with a fresh egg on top and ended my I-just-died-and-went-to-heaven meal with a goat milk panna cotta with summer berries.
5	This place was amazing, I have been to many nice restaurants and Steakhouses and none even come close to Carnevino. It was the best filet I have ever had AND the mashed potatoes with the poached egg were OUT OF THIS WORLD. I live in Northern California and would literally consider flying to Vegas for the day JUST to eat here. The service is classy and they are very attentive. I seriously cannot stop dreaming of the potatoes. Highly recommended!
1	This is one too many stars based solely on the service. The food was good. Our dinner started fine, but then a large group came in and our table of six was forgotten. No one checked on us after we received our entrees. We then asked to see a manager. He came over and listened to our complaint then disappeared for 10 minutes. Came back over and said we were paying for the food we ate not the service, which included the tip. No adjustments were made. Second manager said same thing. Our bill was $1500.00. All we wanted was to eliminate the tip. The managers were very condescending and rude.  We have been to over a dozen steak houses in Vegas and never had such poor and rude service. Will never go back.
5	I had the best steak I've ever had in my entire life at Carnevino.  I would say it's probably better than the notoriously expensive kobe beef that I've had in Japan, that's how good it was.It was the steak that made the night, I must admit, it was so amazing that I don't remember much of everything else.  Oh, I guess the foie gras and barolo that's LOADED with shaved truffle sure helped made my night, but it was the steak that totally blew my mind.  Did I mention that the steak was awesomely fantastic?Ok, the steak.  The reason why we went there was because my husband found out that Carnevino has some 9 months old died aged steak available.  If you do not already know, dry aging of beef in itself is already a rare practice, as the dry aging process actually shrink the meat by quite a bit.  And if the steak house do dry aging, 1 or 2 months is the maximum time that they would do it.  We were advised by the waiter that the restaurant would have lost about 50% of the meat by dry aging it for 9 months.  Anyhow, you can google that stuff yourself.  You order by picking the cut of meat (ribeye or striploin) and how thick you want it.  We ordered 2 inch of the ribeye which is about 30 oz bone-in.  The steak alone was about $230 (ouch) but boy was it good.  The taste is intense with melt in your mouth goodness.  It's actually very filling as well given how most of the moisture is gone and it's just lots of protein. Aside from the steak, everything else was good but nothing mind blowing. The restaurant decor is not as gorgeous as I would like it to be either, but I sure will return for the steak.
4	One word: Riserva.My hubby decided to take me here for my birthday. Very pricey place for meat, but worth it just to try once in your life.The steaks here are dry aged, some at 3 months and the rare ones at 6 months (the RISERVA.). I love cheese, and I heard the Riserva is for those that love that "funky", "aged" taste. More specifically, blue cheese. Yummmm!The riserva I had was the Rib-Eye. It was $108 for a 1-inch steak, and the price goes up by how thick you want your slab. Therefore, 1/2 inch more was $50 (i.e. 1 1/2 inch steak was $158). I say it's worth it, if you want to try that real AGED flavor.My hubby had the regular ribeye, and his was about $98. I would have got the Riserva for that.***Btw, keep in mind that the Riserva is not always in stock daily. You do have to call in advance to make sure they have it. There are 3 types of Riserva: Ribeye, Porterhouse, and New York. The Porterhouse I hear tends to be more dry, and most people usually go for the RIbeye and New York.The service for the restaurant was great. I loved how they carved your steak for you after they present it. Another tip: Most waiters here will tell you that they tend to undercook their meats. So if you like medium rare, they said you should order the Medium. This can be true for their regular dry aged steaks, but for the Riserva....no way! I like my steaks medium rare, and when I got my Riserva it was more like Medium well in some parts. That was the only thing that disappointed me about the experience of this rare steak. Since it's aged longer, it would be more "cooked" or "drier". Therefore, you must order what you normally like for the Riserva and not more cooked!You must try this place. You must also try their in house gelati. Delish.
3	Have visited twice.  Second time was better than the first.  Nothing memorable though.  Steak was cooked perfectly.  Good flavor.  Would recommend, but try Cut first.  I need to try again though, a lot of good reviews about the dry aged here.  It won't disappoint but may leave you wanting more.
3	Maybe I was expecting too much from this, but I was disappointed. The steaks were good not great and coupled that with its overprice-ness I felt that I got the short end of the deal here.My girl got a pasta something around 5oz or so and she paid like $20 for it which was utterly ridiculous. Adding $15 would have given her a dinner portion.... I ordered the Ribeye aged 90-days. To be honest it wasn't as good as I'd hoped. It lacked a bit of flavor and all I could taste was the rubbery meat which was un-Ribeye like. Maybe I'll go here ONE more time. It could have just been a fluke but I refuse to believe this was the Carnevino experience....
5	I stopped here last night after a business meeting.  I have heard so many great things about this place that I was dying to give it a try.After being seated, I was served hot rolls that came with a spread made out of lard, garlic and other spices...wow so goooood.For my dinner, I had the Spago, a pasta dish with Lamb Ragu.....Wow again, the pasta just melted in my mouth.  The pasta alone was freakin awesone!  Lastly, I had the 60-90 day aged NY Steak Strip...Wow again, this steak was outfuckingstanding!!So much flavor and so tender!!For desert, I had the panna cotta with fresh berries......an awesome re-freshing ending to my OUTSTANDING Steak Meal.The hot roll, Spago pasta, NY Steak and desert made me come in my pants twice!!A simple meal that was one of my best steak dinners ever!  Pasta and steak is a great combination that I wish was offered by more steakhouses.Throw in the dark woods, trendy furniture design, outstanding service and the cool tracks of rock/pop music and I want to come back again and again!One of my best dinners ever in LV and one of the best steakhouses in Vegas! Mario Batali rocks!!!
4	If you want to eat like a knight or gladiator, then go here and get the steak on the bone. Drink the excellent wines and gorge yourself on the lard spread. All that is missing is guys beating each other up over women at the bar. Caveman heaven.
4	Made reservations for 5:30 when they open. Got there a few minutes early and noticed they already were letting people in, yay! Got seated and asked the hostess to take our pic.Waiter came by for drink orders and to explain the menu. We wanted the aged rib eye for two but one problem, I like it med rare and my gf likes it.....well......ruined! I mean well done. The thing is both people have to order it the same. Price was $72 for each person. Ordering it separately $95!! What?! No steak is worth that much!! I settled for the NY Strip, so did my gf. We also ordered Beef Cheek Ravioli as an appetizer as suggested by our waiter. Very GOOD choice, strong beef flavor and the meat just melts in your mouth! We also ordered 1 Jumbo Mediterranean Shrimp, VERY GOOD! Geez it looked and tasted like lobster it was sooo huge! I swear it must have been one pound, okay maybe not. Maybe 1/2 a pound. The only other side was some sort of Garlic Mash Potatoes which had a poached egg in it, and the waiter mixed it in before he left. I must say those were the BEST mashed potatoes I've had. I thought it was gross to have that basically raw egg in their but damn it was good! Oh yeah at the beginning we were brought bread. Rosemary something, with butter and lard. I preferred the butter.The reason for 4 stars and not 5 is for the price of a rib eye for 1 person. To me it should be offered for one at a more reasonable price. The NY strip just didn't cut it for me. It was alright, not as flavorful to me and a bit overpriced. My gf on the other hand loved it, but then again she likes her steaks WELL DONE! Ugh!Almost forgot about dessert. My gf took the suggestion of our waiter with the blueberries and rasberries with honey dessert. Sorry forgot the name. It was kinda like a cheesecake. Very good. I had the cannollis, also very good.The service was top notched, the staff here deserves a 5 star rating!
4	I really enjoyed my dinner here, but I wont act like it was perfect, nor will I act like every small thing was the end of the world and the place only deserves 1 or 2 stars.My gf and I had the aged rib-eye for two. The steak, taste-wise was one of the better steaks Ive ever had. And yes, I love steakhouses and have been to many, so I have experience to compare. We asked for medium-rare plus, it came out medium-rare minus. I thought it was a good touch that they carved it for you tableside, however, I did notice they left a lot of meat on the bone, and I would have liked those tasty morsels. I have a feeling they do that to make stock.My gf really enjoys the cheese puff thing they brought out "compliments of the chef." By far, my favorite dish was the gnocci and bolognese. Outstanding.My biggest disappointment was the server. While very pleasant, and for the most part attentive, he led us slightly astray. We like to take our time with fine dining and space out our courses. He strongly recommended (to the point it would have been awkward to decline) that it was the chefs desire to put in our whole order and he would inform them we wanted to go slower. Well, wouldnt you know it, as soon as one plate was cleared, the next course arrived. Im sure they are pushed to do that so they can get the tables rotated as quickly as possible for more turn around, however, our reservation was at 9 pm and the restaurant was starting to empty by the time we were done. There was no reason to rush us through when there was no one for our table afterwards. It was really annoying.I would go back again just for the bolognese, but I would like to try just a regular NY cut instead of the fancy rib-eye for two that wasnt worth the extra money to me. The problem I have is that there are so many great restaurants in Vegas that the small things that went wrong make it hard for me to justify going back when there are other places to try. My gf loved the place, so if she insists we go back I wouldnt be upset, but she is like me and likes trying new places.If youre a foodie, it is definitely worth a trip to try it. As I said, I wouldnt argue against going back, and if I try all the places I want to try, I would do it on my own as I liked it better than most of the other high-end steakhouses Ive been to. I just wont let the server dictate my pace next time, no matter how strongly he disagrees.
5	BEYOND AMAZING!!! I'm sorry, but if you remember your server's name at any restaurant, it was a absolutely terrific night.  My server was Brayden and he was an absolutely terrific server.  He didn't rush me when I was debating on what to get for wine - and trust me, I took about 45 minutes to decide, even with the help of the master sommelier, Michael.  The wine list was incredibly beautiful to look at, though my wallet and bank account cried at the prices.  But I found a beautiful Henry Fessy Beaujolais for $60 - which was incredibly delectable!I tried Carnevino in Las Vegas for my birthday week for the first time ever, and I am soooo glad I did.  The place is absolutely amazing!  The service was just right!  Brayden recommended the Octopus that my guest so happened to be eyeing.  I was so scared to try it, but my guest also wanted to try it and I am so glad I did.  The octopus had this lovely asian, spicy/sweet sauce on it with tender octopus that I didn't even think it was octopus!   It was seriously delicious and is definitely worth to try it out.  So don't be afraid to try it.  Trust me, it's absolutely WORTH TRYING!!My guest and I tried their ribeye for 2 people (each person is 72$) and is definitely worth the money.  They bring out this awesome fred flintstone chunk of meat to your tableside, cut it right there by your table into perfect symmetrical slices for 2 people, and then drizzle it with olive oil and sea salt - which by the way was so simple, but sooooooooooooooooooo incredibly DELICIOUS!!!! the ribeye was made to P.E.R.F.E.C.T.I.O.N. of Med. Rare, and my lovely choice of Beaujolais went magnificently well with the steak.  The bone is left for you to munch on, which of course was also a plus.  Each person gets about 10 oz (or more) of ribeye.  It honestly felt like a lot, and I couldn't even finish mine, so it has got to be 10 oz+, because I can only eat around 8 oz of steak.For dessert, we had the goat cheese panna cotta and something peanut butter dessert.  Honestly, when you've stuffed a good amount of meat into yourself and you're still aiming for dessert, go for the goat cheese panna cotta.  It was absolutely delicious, as if it wasn't made from goat cheese and incredibly light and refreshing... a perfect dessert for a perfect end of am incredibly delicious, magnificent birthday week night.  Really... B.E.S.T BIRTHDAY EVUUUR, and it was all thanks to Carnevino and Brayden!! THAAANK YOU!!!Note: this place closes incredibly late.  They have a late night menu as well.
4	Service was awesome.  Ambiance was good.  Music choice was good.  Music volume was a little loud.For an app, I had the infamous egg ravioli.   Disappointing to say the least,   The plate was filled with brown butter, so when the ravioli was cut  into...the yolk from the egg went all over the plate and was tough to get the complete taste.    And to top it off...this 1 ravioli was like $20.Next I had the sweetbreads.  These were the most amazing thing ever.   Highly recommend theses.
5	Hypothetically, let's say you were on a carb free diet and I offer you one noodle off my  pasta entree. What's the harm in that -just one noodle?? PLENTY OF HARM, if we were dining at Carnevino. And so begins the tao of Spago - my favorite pasta dish of all time. Which is ironic, since Carnevino is praised for its......carne. While it may be one of the pricier restaurants in the Venetian/Palazzo compound, Carnevino lacks the sex and sparkle some of its neighboring hot spots like Lavo or even Bouchon have. Regardless, I had never been to a Mario Batali restaurant, and decided to take a chance.If Carnevino wasn't inside a Vegas Casino, one would be rather pleased with its general ambience. Not overly swanky, but not kitschy either - the dim steak house makes a great choice for a large group dinner or as in my case, dining solo. Sitting at the bar, I was given their Taverna menu - a shortened version of their regular offerings specifically for lunch or late night - but truthfully - there are no cost savings if you attempt to order off it.Since I was dining during dinner, I opted to order off the regular menu filled with several salads, appetizers, their high end aged steaks and handmade pastas. With about 10 pasta options, I found myself in a quandary - but went with the simplified Spago -  a bucatini type pasta with lamb ragu. Pretty basic......NOT.Minutes later, a 12 FOOT -  hand rolled noodle (not plural) "tangled" in a braised lamb and tomato stew stood before my big brown eyes. Alas, my "Lady and The Tramp" moment was here! The noodle was of the upmost quality with just enough "dente" - a perfect chew.  I could not get over how delectable this pasta was. Meanwhile, the lamb sauce was perfection with sizable shreds of tender lamb in a hearty tomato sauce. While this was no steak dish, even the appetizer portion had the "chops" to be a more than filling meal.I rounded out my meal with the grilled brocclini side (sans the ham) which proved to be the perfect accompaniment to a decadent dish seasoned with enough garlic to scare off even the skeeziest of creeps on the Vegas strip.The service at Carnevino was perfection down to the charistmatic waiter and his timing of my meal. I can't imagine returning to Vegas and not returning for my Spago entree.Bottom Line: If I were a Food Network Chef, you can count on me featuring Spago at Carnevino as "The Best Thing I Ever Ate: The Pasta Episode. GO GET TANGLED IN IT TODAY!
2	HAPPY and FAT. The operative words that come to mind when I hear the name Mario Batali. Sadly, the overpriced, lackluster fare at Carnevino only made me the latter! But, as a disclaimer, it has been quite a while since my visit here, so hopefully they've made some improvements since then. Located in The Palazzo, Carnevino semi-failed from the get-go. While it maintains the top-notch customer service and decadent, chic decor expected of a high-end Vegas establishment, the ambience was marred by the raucous sound of Beastie Boys blarring from the stereo system. I'm not neccessarily opposed to them, but the likes of "Intergalatic" and "Sabatoge" didn't jive well with the up-scale environment.  The menu was sneaky too. So, watch out! Case in point, the prices listed for the pastas range from $17-$31; however, these are for appetizer portions only. An additional $15 needs to be tacked on for the entree size. Also, the steak for two is listed as $72, but it's $72 PER PERSON, making it a whopping $144.  A steak legitimately worth that much wouldn't be for eating, as it should be plated in precious metals and embedded with Swarvoski crystals.We ended up ordering the Bison Carpaccio & Fried Calamari appetizers, 16-oz bone-in New York strip, Grilled Sweetbreads, & Pork Milanese. Pretty much all the main courses failed, and for an establishment that boasts "the highest-quality, excellently prepared steaks" I was seriously expecting more than the the chewy, bland New York strip that was served. The appetizers were actually pretty good, and I'd recommend getting the Bison Capaccio. But other than that, the highlights of the meal were the complimentary cheese puffs & the bread w/butter & peppered lard. Needless to say, this was a sad way to start out our trip in Vegas. Luckily, our night of debauchery at XS later on that night made up for it. Two stars!
3	We have been here twice in our visits to the Palazzo hotel.  This second trip to Carnevino was only "so-so."  We ordered the bone in dry aged rib eye, which is their signature dish, and it looked huge on the plate for sure.  The waiters cut the meat and served us, however I was expecting a much softer, tastier meat than what we received.  The steak was a bit tough and although good, not great considering it cost 70 bucks.  I guess I was expecting something special being that it was the signature dish, and the waiter hyped it up quite a bit.  On a side note, we ordered one of every appetizer on the menu and also one of every desert.  The ravioli was pretty good, but everything else was again "so-so."  The couple next to us ordered the same dish, and their meat was actually a bit bloody, so I have a feeling that they did not enjoy it much either.  In any case, I will most likely not return to this restaurant again.
5	I would eat here everyday if my wallet would allow!I've been here 3 times and my favorites are:Carpaccio with arugula appetizerPorterhouse for 2Bucatini pastaThe wine pour with giant lead crystal glassesThe carpaccio was perfect in taste, texture and size.  My girlfriend had a shrimp bigger than her hand! My favorite pasta is the Bucatini All'amatriciana, which I've had before at Lupa in NYC - my other favorite restaurant.  At Carnevino the pasta is priced as an appetizer size so you can get your fill without over doing it.  We ordered not the most expensive bottle of wine, but still the server poured our wine in the coolest way I've experienced:  He presented very large lead crystal glasses that he said were custom made in Czechoslovakia. He then proceeded to pour a small amount in one glass, swirl it around, then pour the same wine into the remaining glasses.  Because of the lead crystal, all the glasses glowed with a red hue!  The smell of the glasses was amazing.  Finally, he poured a serving into each glass.  Even though we selected a cheaper bottle of wine, the service was a nice touch and the wine tasted (and smelled) amazing.  Now for the best part - the porterhouse for 2 arrives on a cart and is carved table side.  The portions easily would feed 4 people if that was all they ate.  We were a table of 3 and still took leftover steak home.  The quality of the meat was perfect (I eat a lot of steak) and the preparation was as simple as salt, pepper and olive oil.Yes, this place is pricey - but i came in expecting great service and exceptional food and I left with a wow.
2	This place is so fucking expensive.  $140 for a two person steak.  Fuckin nuts.  The caesar salad is $20 for four pieces of soggy, overdressed lettuce.  I had the $50 frutti mare pasta.  The clams tasted like butthole.  They weren't fresh.  There isn't an ocean near vegas so thats my fault.  I ate at the caesars buffet the night before so i didn't feel like eating a $200 steak.  Save yo fatty money and visit Delmonicos at the Venetian or even craft steak at MGM.  Tom and Emerald's steakhouse pwns this money pit. PS Joseph Bastianich is a little bitch ass.  I didn't want to eat here cuz Joe owns this place.  I want to punch him on master chef.  But if I were a millionaire I'd be a prick too.
5	Thanks a lot Mario Batali and Joe Bastianich for my complimentary steakhouse blinders!  I haven't been able to stop raving about the entire dinner to my friends, family, peers, and frankly anyone who I can make green with envy.  We've been to a few other well established steakhouses on the Las Vegas strip, but you know when you've decided to go all out for a nice, fancy meal, you may or may not be like me and search "number one _______ restaurant in Vegas" just to see what the consensus is out there.  Such was the case for our most recent adventure in Sin City and Carnevino outranked the rest on many sites so we gave it a try.  The kind service was what we noticed first and no, we don't mean from our waiter (yet).  We were set to fly in on 9/11/12 around 16:00 and what was supposed to be a quick 48 minute flight turned into our 21:00 dinner reservation being canceled last minute and us RUNNING to catch a Cirque show we already had tickets to at 22:30 because we didn't arrive until 20:30 to our hotel.  Turns out we decided to fly on the one day Las Vegas and its surrounding areas had flash flood warnings and torrential down pour crazy enough to practically rain out the Bellagio fountain show.  We kept pushing back our reservations for dinner first from 19:00 to 20:00, then to 21:00 with a possibility of 21:30.  Either way, the hostesses were super sweet and courteous about the entire debacle and helped us feel like our safety was actually important to them too!  We ended up making another reservation a few days later and luckily were able to make it then. We were greeted warmly and were promptly seated in a well lit area (a part of me cries when it's so dim in a restaurant that you can't see your own hand in front of you let alone the food they expect you to blindly put in your mouth as a result).  Our waiter Chris (I'm going to play the race card and say that he was Asian because he deserves some great recognition for his dedication and integrity - RAN out to find us on the Palazzo gaming floor to correct a discrepancy on our check - and frankly with a name like Chris, how else can we describe the guy?!) shows up and we have a great conversation about the menu and he gives us some time to decide after offering up a few of his own suggestions.  I cannot stress enough that it was a CONVERSATION about the menu and not some long drawn out, pretentious lecture about the food which is not fun to say the least. Obligatory bread service? Yes.  Obligatory butter on the side? Yes. .........oh I forgot to mention the heavenly lardo that is served with it.  It almost hurts to talk about it and not be able to access it until our next adventure to Vegas...literally hurts.  Pardon me while I zone out for a moment reminiscing about the sexiness that is the lardo spread on a freshly baked piece of bread....We decide on:Insalata Romana with a sweet garlic dressing = nice and light with lots of radicchio (a little more bitter than I'm used to)Spaghetti ai Frutti di Mare = check with your server about the size of the plate - it was enough for two to share, MAYBE three as an appetizer.  How can you go to a Batali affiliated restaurant and NOT have any pasta right?  This dish was slightly spicy with clams, giant shrimp, lobster, and calamari....oh and I forgot it was cleared away with a piece of my soul. *Sigh*Dry aged bone-in Ribeye for 2 = at $144, it was well worth the interrogation we gave Chris about how it was cooked.  We had read reviews that at Carnevino they generally under cook their meat and as a 'medium rare' type of girl myself and my boyfriend a 'medium' aficionado himself, after a patient round of "it's your birthday babe, it's your choice" and "no, no I'm okay with whatever" we settled on medium and it was absolutely perfect for the both of us.  I'd almost recommend that to anyone and everyone since having one of these cuts of meat as 'well done' is just plain WRONG.  To clarify - this gorgeous cut of meat (and I don't mean my boyfriend for once) required no sauce of any kind in my humble opinion.  Mascarpone Guanciale mashed potatoes = served with a raw egg yolk on top and stirred in with the hot potatoes at the table it will make you seriously consider if you ever need to try any other kind of mashed potatoes ever again.  In fact, I've pretty much convinced myself that all other mashed potatoes are merely impersonators and they only reason we can't have mascarpone guanciale mashed potatoes EVERY day is because of the cholesterol intake from the egg yolk.  Please don't take this away from me..."Creamed" corn with lime and picked chilies = described as a seasonal item, it wasn't so much the typical creamed corn that one might be used to - hence the quotation marks made sense.  Still delicious. Running out of space to type...all I can say is you deserve to go at least once in your lifetime.  Now, be a little spontaneous, pick up the phone and GO!!
4	Food: Amazing... had the bone in Rib eye... ridiculously good!Price: expensive, but it IS Vegas.  That's why I give it 4 stars.Ambiance: nice, but not overly done.Service: waiters and staff were superb! Overall: I highly recommend it if you're looking for an amazing steak and don't mind paying a premium.
2	Admittedly, I'm a steak snob so when I go and plunk down a couple of hundred bucks plus for a dinner we expect it to be something special. However this isn't about the price, it's about a place that boasts "the best Italian on the strip" and is supposed to be about the meat and wine.I've eaten steak at a few places including Craftsteak, Delmonico, Del Frisco's, The Homestead, as well as the chains like Flemming's, Morton's, and Ruth's Chris... so yes, I'm a steak guy.Now I know any steakhouse can have an off moment, I've sent steaks back probably at one time or another at every place except Craftsteak where I ate two Iowa corn fed bone in strip steaks, but I've only eaten there once. Okay, you get the picture.So CarneVino: let me first say that the staff was excellent, the hostesses were genial and professional, our waiter Brayden was extremely nice and professional as well, and the rest of the dining room staff was attentive without being overbearing.The decor was very warm and inviting, and did have an up-scale steak house feel. The somewhat blaring 80s music was a little The food was a disappointment. At this level of dining I expect excellence. I first ordered a bone in ribeye for one. The menu listed it as a bone in ribeye for two and charged $70 per person as a single entree it was $95, I ordered it medium rare with Italian broccoli as a side. When the steak came I noticed that although as big as the plate, the steak was pretty thin. It reminded me of a breakfast steak one might expect at a diner. I cut into it and of course it was medium well. I changed my order and decided to go with the bone in strip steak which was on the menu as a regular single serving item and grazed on the very tough, but tasty Italian broccoli. When the steak arrived, it was lightly seared, probably in a pan, but the temperature was right when I cut into it. The meat was a little on the tough side and was definitely under seasoned. The wife went with pesto gnocchi, which was fine, but nothing spectacular. The wine we wanted was unavailable and the sommelier recommended a suitable substitute.Overall, it was an average experience, and not up to par with even commercial establishments like Flemming's or Ruth's Chris. Mario has some work to do in order to make CarneVino the steak destination it should be.
1	I have eaten at CV several times, including hosting a business dinner there 3 years ago.  I was in Vegas this past weekend with 3 others for my birthday and they took me to CV to celebrate.  I was fired up as my previous dinners were awesome there.  Unfortunately, this was a disaster.  We were seated in the main dining room at 9:50, 20 min late but no problem.  Our table had a very strong breeze, ice cold, directly on us and the girls were freezing.  We asked to be moved and the next table had the same issue.  In fact, all the tables available had the same issue.  We were informed that all the dining rooms were linked by the same HVAC system and if it were to be moderated in the main rom, then the other rooms would get too warm.  Has anyone heard of balancing a system.  The wait staff gave the girls chef coats to warm them up as it was unbearable in a strapless dress while trying to eat.  Lets move to the music.  It was BLASTING loud and it was bad.  Some speed metal totally inappropriate for a nice restaurant.  Our group goes to rock concerts all the time, and we like music, this was some obscure metal band and it was thunderingly loud.  Even the staff hated it.  We were told that it was "Mario's own play list".   Finally, lets turn to the food. Me and my buddy split the bone in ribeye, usually my favorite.  This piece of meat wasn't just well marbled like it should have been, but it was gristly.  Tough strands of solid gristle ran through the meat.    All the sides got cold in 5 min due to the cold win blowing on the table.The whole experience was a disaster.  Only good thing was the wait staff who were great, except for the snotty, gum chewing hostess.  My last time spending that kind of cash for that crapy experience when there are so many good choices in Vegas.
5	We love this place!  Second time and everything was perfect!We didn't want to waddle out like last time so we paced ourselves.Started with the speck and mozzarella appetizer.  Creamy and delicious!Follwed by the orecchiete with sausage, amazing!Then we went separate meat dishes, bone in ribeye for one and myself bone on new york steak.  sides were the roasted beets and mashed potatoes with poached egg and bacon...  Buttery, creamy and so flavorful!  The steaks were prepared perfectly!  The sommelier paired a couple glasses with our pasta and meat dishes and it was the best wine for the food we could imagine!  Dessert was pumpkin steam cake with pecans in a syrup so seasonally perfect and sweet! and my hubby had the panna cotta which he loved and wasn't too sweet.  Our waiter was aweseome!  Very attentive, friendly and helpful with the menu.We will be back again and again!
4	Carnevino is a place that's trying to be over the top, a spectacle in Vegas. It largely delivers - we enjoyed our special occasion dinner - but sometimes it misses... expensively.The space is large, with tall ceilings, dimly lit.  You are greeted by a pretty bar area flanked by a huge bull statue.  Holy Batali, those are some enormi sferi!Drinks are Vegas-pricey, but extraordinarily professionally prepared by the likes of Josh.  "Proper" is a word to describe the bar and its drinks.We were seated this evening in a semi private mini-room, just big enough for our table of eight to be secluded but happy.  We could see the large space, the main dining room, and could hear the interesting mix of music piped into that room.  Like some others have mentioned I thought the music alternately memorable and sometimes out-of-place. Occasionally the music was too loud and too forward, and other times a perfect hip accompaniment to a fine dinner.  Overall, the physical presence and visual/aural experience of Carnevino is impressive:  trendy, cool and comfortable.The wine list is extensive and expensive.  While there are some sub-$100 bottles you should expect to pay well north of that if you are any kind of a wine fancier.  Italian wines are featured, of course, and we swished a solid Amarone this evening.  You'll enjoy sipping from the oversized crystal wine glasses from Czechoslovakia.  They are truly a treat even for your "cheap" $100 Super Tuscan.Appetizers included a small-ish portion of average bucatini in red sauce.  Octopus was nicely grilled, and the Madagascar jumbo shrimp was the largest I have ever seen and quite tasty.  You get exactly one per order, and you can feed several off this monstrous crustacean.The steak is a spectacle but, for the price, falls short somewhat.  Bone in ribeye is Fred Flintstone-big with a rib as big as a brontosaurus.  Yelpers warned us that this is priced per person, so we were not surprised by the $75ish per person charge.  What did surprise us is that after the initial presentation of the bull meat the staff then carves the meat from the bone into a half dozen or so pieces of meat for the diner.  Interesting.  Not good or bad.  Just interesting.  Maybe its me...  I don't want to offend the chef, but I tend to agree with other Yelpers who have commented on doneness of the steak.  Fellow diners tonite also agreed that the meat itself is on the underdone side of what you've ordered, and Mario's boys don't do a "plus", like "medium rare-plus", similar to other steak joints.  In my opinion if you like your steak medium rare you might consider ordering it medium at Batali's joint.  Since they cut the meat into smaller pieces table side it makes it awkward to increase doneness.  I hope that makes sense.Seasoning of the steak here is minimal.  One really nice touch that I would love to see more often at restaurants is coarse sea salt.  At Carnevino it is available upon request, and it alone elevated our steaks from good to very good.Side dishes were also-rans.  Corn with lime and chilies, ok.  Eggplant with tomato and ricotta, good.  Nothing stood out.I enjoyed some delightful espresso flavored ice cream for dessert.  The pane cotta was standard and delish.Our server, Gary from Long Island, was a gracious and efficient host.  His support team did an outstanding job of keeping our water glasses full and our needs met.In retrospect, I frankly expected more bang for the buck at Carnevino.  As a huge Mario fan and Food Network junkie the bar was set high.  Still, at the same time, Carnevino largely delivers on the promise of a Vegas-sized gastronomical experience.  The room itself is a home run and over the top, as is the service, but the food is an under achiever in value at these astronomically high Vegas prices.  Godetevi, amici!!!
1	I've been to Las Vegas about 11 times. I understand and appreciate the opportunity to make reservations at these, "high end" restaurants or else you don't get seated. I made the reservation, gave my cc over the phone about a week in advance for dinner on a Tuesday night for 4. We showed up for our table and they said it would be a bit because they don't have room.  In fact, there were multiple other parties, awaiting for their 8pm reservations and here we stand, waiting past 8:30. This is unacceptable.  We made reservations, for 4, more than 6 days in advance and flew to Las Vegas for a special dinner and here we stand.  Hungry, 30 minutes past our confirmed time and the staff did not care.  They weren't even phased by the situation, as if were a normal occurrence. This is not okay. I have not eaten here.  At this point I might never give them my business. I made reservations, they called me and confirmed the day of and then when we showed up, they had no tables and we ate elsewhere.Thank you for spoiling my reservation Carnevino.  Thank you.
5	Beyond all expectations.  If you allow your knowledgeable and helpful staff to make recommendations it will double the already positive experience of great food and great wine.
1	The steaks here were a disappointment.  My bar for steaks is my previous dining experience at Mastro's in L.A. and Peter Luger in NYC.We ordered the dry-aged, bone-in rib eye medium rare.  The steak was brought to the table on a wooden chopping block and the server sliced the meat off of the bone and into several slices.  The meat was listless, tasteless and sinewy.  The side dishes were just alright.  The shitake mushrooms were on the salty side.There was a silver lining, the rack of lamb was well executed, very tender and the highlight of the meal.If you want a better steak though, head over to Cut and grab one of their American wagyu, it was much better.
3	First we got seated across the hall in a cigarette smoke filled room.  We then asked to move and got seated in the main room. This was much nicer and no smoke.  Then we got the car sales man guy that talked so fast, we didn't understand the specials.  Almost all the food was salty. Steak was good like other high end steak houses (Peter Luger, Primehouse, Grill 23, DK Steakhouse, Hys).
3	The best thing about Carnevino was the service. There was nothing special about the food. It was good but nothing stood out and was amazing. There are so many other places where you can get a better meal in Las Vegas.  Although the bartender made a amazing espresso martini and the wine selection was very good it isn't enough of a reason for me to ever come back.
5	Their 9 month dry age steak is pure heaven. That steak alone makes Carnevino my favorite steak house above all others.They only serve this gift from the gods a few months out of the year, and its not on the menu, I think the oldest on the menu is 3 months... pssht... 3 months, I have leftovers in my fridge older than that... 9 months is the money maker, I did ask if they had anything older... like 9 years, the waiter looked at me and said, "no". Anywhoo, back on track... So, just simply ask for their "reserve" steaks. I can't remember exactly, but i think this is only available Nov - Feb (or around that, give or take a month or 2). I went once in July and they only had about 5 months... /sigh /sadpandaI would say all their other steaks are still good, and for me around the same quality as Mastro's, Alexanders, Morton's, Ruth Chris, STK, Delmonico, etc. but that 9 month dry aged is magical, so much flavor that I can't come to vegas and not go to this happiest place on earth. The best way to do this is to go in a group and order a few steaks, no all the dry aged unless you're just ballers (if you are btw, let's be friends) and share it family style, the steaks are pretty big, and of course pretty expensive (around $250 for the 9 months... yikes... company expensed dinner time... cha ching!). I haven't found anywhere else that dry ages steak as long as this place does, without you having to go to the hospital after, and although pricey, its worth every penny, the taste is unmatched.
3	The food in general was pretty good, what I went for (the steak) was incredible in flavor. But everything else just annoyed me about this place. Also, I was saddened that such minor and stupid mistakes can really screw a place up. I wish these so-called money-making chefs such as Mario Batali would keep a closer eye on their establishments. I want to like all his food, restaurants, regardless of the city it's located in or the type of cuisine he has chosen.This is what I had:1. Carne Cruda alla Piemontese - chopped to order steak tartar with raw mushrooms- Is there any other way to make steak tartar besides doing it to order? - The steak was fresh and delicate. The only criticism I have on this is; I wish it had a tad bit of acidity. 2. Shrimp "alla Diavola" - in the style of Calabria- This was the biggest shrimp I have ever seen. - It was one big ass shrimp on a spicy and very delicious tomato sauce. - Had I known it was going to be one big ass shrimp, I would not have ordered it. As big shrimp tend to be tough and flavorless. The smaller ones are sweeter and juicier. - Plus it was fishy. 3. Dry age Bone in Rib eye (for 2)- This is what I came here for. - It arrived Flintstone-style and was cut table side, just the way I like it. - Perfectly cooked- Smelled of what I imagine heaven smells like.- Juicy, tender and melts in your mouth like butter- Only complaint: I wish they did a better job cutting this beautiful piece of meat. The rib eye gods would not be happy.   It was slightly sloppy and did not have a very appetizing presentation once it was put on my plate. 4. Sides:- Mascarpone and guanciale mash potatoes: pretty good. Probably will forget about this after this blog is done. - Shelling beans with pancetta: not good, except for the large chunks of pancetta, which I could have had anywhere. if you wanna read more go to : http://www.bitchingitout.com/index/CarneVino.aka.MeatWine
1	I had a gift certificate or otherwise I would never have gone there.  (Not a meat eater).  However, for the high cost, I find it inexcuseable that they could ruin a simple lobster tail.(5 oz at the most!!! very, very small).  Tough and cold, with no butter or lemon served alongside.   We ordered two side dishes; the cauliflower gratin and the broccolli with bits of pork.  The broccoli was cold and very salty.  The cauliflower was raw with melted cheese on top!  The only thing worth eating was the warm Saffron rice pudding for dessert.  I was very disappointed and think the entire evening was a waste of time.  I do not reccomend this restaurant for anyone who isn't a meat junkie.
3	I recently came here for a business lunch and I was really excited to check it out. At lunch you don't need reservations, its pretty quiet and there were only a couple of tables occupied.Although I know this place is known for the meat I kind of wanted to try the pastas. However, I decided to try the filet mignon with the spinach and hot peppers as my side (9 dollars!). My table companion chose the pasta with lamb ragu. My steak was ok, I ordered it medium rare and it came out medium-ish. You would think for a fifty dollar steak they would get the temperature. The spinach was good though. I tried the pasta and it was DIVINE, you could tell it was hand-made.I should've gone with a pasta. My bad.
4	What an outstanding meal! We had a group of 9 and had ribeye and porterhouse steaks ... along with ravioli, salad, shrimp, pork chop. Everything was a 10 out of 10. All were very satistied and all enjoyed the quality. Wait service was outstanding. However, I am extremely disappointed with a restaurant of this stature having left a group of 9 waiting 35 minutes past the reservation time ... basically not honoring a reservation. Having brought this to the attention of the hostess several times, we kept hearing "just a few more minutes". We even brought it to the attention of the manager, who just reiterated this and said that he didn't want to have to throw the prior party out. Poor excuse. No comp was offered, even after it was requested.
2	Ugh the disappointment is overwhelming.I loooove Mario Batali because i don't really trust skinny chefs... which is not a problem for that fine gentleman, but I don't know what they hell happened at Carnevino.Take a look at the other Yelp reviews on this page, A restaurant of this caliber, which caters to these discerning diners, and charges as much as this place does, should have nothing less than 4 stars. But I guess I am not the only person to see the lackluster performance of the place.Now by all means, the food is not bad. The bone-in rib eye is massive, the taste is decent but it came out quite dry with a questionable texture. I like the fact that it was cut tableside, but we ordered it medium-rare but it came out medium-well if anything.  Sides such as the corn with lime and chilies is ok, while the eggplant with tomato and ricotta cheese was good but far from impressive. I would speculate that these dishes could have been made by an amateur chef, not what I'd expect from Mario Batali.One of major issues with the place was simply the price. The average diner cannot get out of here under $100, add even more if go with wine pairing. Now, I don't have an issue with paying if the food is worth it, but I am not sure if thats the case here. The fact is that there are alot of high-end steakhouses on and around the strip that compete for your business. For the money you are going to spend here, you are better off at Wolfgang's Cut (also in the Palazzo) SW at the Wynn, and even save some cash and check out Capital Grille across the street.
5	I have been to allot of great steakhouses across the country , Carnevino rank up there with the best.Started with the clams, the broth was so good we almost drank from the bowl.With has the bone in New York with a side of lobster. The steaks was dry aged and cooked to perfection. It was tender and full  of flavor. It was truly one of the BEST steaks I ever had.We also has the corn with chili peppers , it was good, but the real superstar was the mashed potatoes, served with bacon and egg. We thought it was the BEST mashed potatoes we ever had.The fresh bread rounded out a great meal.Service was amazing.I will be back real soon.
5	Had a nice business meeting.  Steak was amazing...was running late for a flight and still stayed long enough to finish every bite before jetting out...yum!
2	Had high hopes for this one.  I know not to doubt my Yelp folks and this was further proof to me to stay away from places that have mixed reviews, especially when your target restaurant is pricey.Not food related:Initially, sommelier suggested three out of stock wines, which we thought was strange and a bit embarrassing for him.  Second, the music was so loud we could barely carry on a conversation with one another.  Additionally, while playing AC/DC during dinner was probably a cute and edgy idea to Mario and corporate, we found it strange and disjointed especially when looking at the demographics of the patrons. We observed several walk offs because of the music.  One of our waiters said it was a common occurrence and only happens more frequently as the night goes on and they switch to hardcore rap (seriously).The most annoying part of the experience was the incessant walk-by note taking of the hostess staff.  Apparently they were keeping close tabs on where diners were in the meal process.Food related:We started with the calamari, which was flavored nicely, but was a bit soggy by the time it arrived.  Amuse bouche was cheese fritters, but these were also cold. Split a "2 inch" reserve rib eye with a friend, which was close to what I expected, but not sure it was worth $108 per inch.  In total the steak was about 22-24 ounces.  95% of the steak was great and had that perfect super dry aged steak flavor, but the meat that was close to the bone was acrid.  My wife had the filet, which was just OK.  Had the porcini and blue cheese sauces, both were gloppy and bland.The most disappointing part centered around the side dishes.  The mashed potato with mascarpone and egg yolk were just flat out bland.  Boiled newspaper would have had more flavor.  The house special of Brussels sprouts had so much lemon in them that they were like eating sour patch candy.  For three people not to finish two small side dishes speaks volumes.
4	I'm giving Carnevino four stars but I really really loved the food and service.  I picked this restaurant over all other steakhouses in Vegas because I wanted to try the Riserva steak, aged 6+ months in Carnevino's own facility in Vegas.  And the Riserva did not disappoint.  It was really interesting to say the least and distinct from your regular dry aged steak.  The meat was so intensely beefy!  It tasted so strong that I would probably not get it as a steak for myself in the future but would share it with others because it's such an experience to try it. I also tried the lobster appetizer, the BBL ribeye, the signature mashed potatoes, and beans and everything was excellent.  The olive oil they drizzle on the steak is so fragrant and rich and really compliments the meat which is top quality and so well prepared.  Because the meat is carved table side by the waiter, it gets cold pretty soon after you start eating it but don't worry, it'll still taste fantastic.   One thing I was not happy about was our seating.  We were seated in the little library section across the way from the main dining room.  The room was small with 10 tables or so, with a view of the prep area and left me with a feeling I was eating on the side of the casino.  Even though we had a reservation, got there with plenty of extra time, and saw empty tables visible in the main dining room, we were told that nothing was available in the main dining room.  I expect better atmosphere than eating on the side of the casino for a great restaurant.  This is why I am taking away 1 star.   The staff were very attentive and did everything to make it a memorable experience however.  Our waiter and sommelier were both very friendly and knowledgeable.  Tip: Corkage is $50 but is waived if you order a bottle.
5	Superb restaurant with great service.  Ended up getting seated right next to the ginormous bull which made for some interesting dinner conversation but it was all part of the fun.  We tried the meat flight and each course was delicious.  I will definitely come back when next in Vegas!
4	Went for dinner on 11/9 at 6pm.  I thought it was strange that the restaurant was split into 2 sides.  One side had a bar and looked bigger.  We were seated in the other half.  Ambience:  Very low key, and kinda boring.Service:  Was good but nothing out of the ordianary.  Waiter came right away and made some good recommendations.  Water was promptly refilled. Our table (as well as the one next to ours) was unbalanced.  So one of the servers had to get down on his knees and make some adjustments.  Kind of awkward.Drinks:  Had a decent wine list (nothing like Cut) and approx 10-15 different scotch's to choose from.Food:  We had been comped a prix fixed dinner menu and decided to stick with it.  First off, the bread and Lard butter(?) was amazing.  We then started off with a steak tartare and chop salad. The salad was ok, but the tartare was really good.  For the main course, I had the best lamb chops ever.  It came with a pesto sauce, but the meat alone was really flavorful.  My friend had the filet and it was just ordinary.  Dessert was really really good.  We had the carrot cake and a lemon italian doughnut.  Both were really excellant.  All in all, a nice dining experience
5	### (11/12/2012) ### : I got a chance to reserve the NY Strip riserva since they didn't have a ribeye.  I figured it's still a good steak.  Boy was I wrong.  It was an AMAZING steak! Even since eating at Peter Luger's over 12+ years ago I have always been comparing almost all steakhouses to PL and none has ever come close.... well, maybe just one or two bites of the steak.  Today, everything has changed.  I'm sorry to say that Peter Luger has been dethroned by Carnevino.  The only problem is Carnevino is on the other side of the coast!!!  Oh well... I'm going to try in the few days I have left to get the ribeye riserva.  Every bite was good and so flavorful.I tried one of the sauce (CV steak sauce) but the steak was so good I couldn't bear to dip it.  The bread with lardo and cured port fat was interesting but I still prefer good old butter.  I also had the chopped salad which was ok but nothing to brag home about.  If you want good chopped salad try the one from Outback (yes, I said Outback for the salad only).### Update 1 (11/13/2012) ### : It was so good I went again today.  I opted for the 1 1/2" instead of the usual 1" Riserva NY Steak.  I was a bit disappointed even the steak tasted great it was more overcooked than what I would like which is a medium rare more on the rare side.  The cut was also different. Yesterday's cut was closer to a T-Bone.  Today was just one side of the bone. Maybe because it was custom cut that they got it from a different end.  In anycase, it still tasted great but mostly toward the end where it was closer to medium rare by the bone.  Probably because it was so thick they couldn't cook it right?  I have 2 more days left in Vegas so I'll be going there probably two more times.  That goes to show how good it tastes and will write updates.  I hope during the next two days that a ribeye does come in.  I'm really looking forward to that cut!
3	After reading much reviews selecting Carnevino as the best steakhouse in Vegas, i beg to differ.The service here was excellent.  Amongst the best service I have ever received.  I think we were lucky.  We had a patient gentleman helping is with our selection and spoke slowly so that i could fully grasp what he was saying.  I overheard our neighboring table, and their server spoke at a 100 mph.  I am sure that table lost some of the details as they were trying to keep up.My friend order the bone in Filet and I had the 6 month dry aged Riserva (?) steak.  Both costed about $75-80 each.  The steaks were cooked to our liking.  But i thought the steaks were chewy.  Is that the nature of dry aging?I am beginning to think fine dining steaks on the strip are way overpriced...
5	Phenomenal dinner - the duo of the 3-month aged ribeye for two alongside the Reserve dry-aged ribeye (for us, 7 months) is a symphony of beef. Very good service and a great list of Italian wines round out a great dining experience.
2	They say good things don't last. Well my friends, sadly it's true. Carne Vino has sunk. Food is good (but not as good as it was in the past) and the service stinks. I can't tell you how disappointed I was on my last trip to Carne Vino in Vegas. This, from my favorite restaurant in Vegas for many, many years. A year ago my husband and I moved to London and have endured a hard year of very few good steaks and at prices that don't allow for many outings. So, on our trip to the US this year we were dying for red meat and had to make a trip to Carne Vino. Oh yes! That glorious gigantic Fred Flinstone sized rib-eye and NY. Mouthwatering goodness. Oh yessssss. And I LOVE the amazing pastas that are also served here. Combine the two and oh baby!! Bring it!!!!!Knowing how busy the place gets, we made our reservation well in advance. Here is a summary of how they proceeded to let me down: (Mishap #1, + 60 min): However, upon arriving we had to wait well over an hour to be seated even with a reservation. We waited patiently knowing food bliss was awaiting us.(Mishap #2, + 30 min): After being seated, we had to wait another 30 minutes before anyone came to take our drink order. This is shocking since the tables around us were empty. I have no idea what the waiter was busy doing, but it was clearly not his job.(Mishap #3, + 30 min): And then another 30 min for someone to come to talk to us about the menu. The waiter was a real piece of work. He was really out of it, not paying attention to what we were asking and so different from the service we'd had in the past. (Disappointment): After finally getting something to drink and ordering, we all anxiously awaited our starters. The feeling that the night was not going to end well started to sink in when the starters arrived and were not as good as I remembered the dozen times I've been in the past. I shook this off and waited for the pastas which I knew would be heaven.(Mishap #4): Instead of our pasta course arriving next , we got our main meat course. We flagged down our waiter (who was no where to be found for 10-15 min) and asked him what happened and he admitted he made a mistake and didn't put the starter course in for us. I'm not sure how he managed to mess up since we seemed to be his only table.(Mishap #5) Shortly after this, half the pasta courses made it to the table along with the manger who proceeded to argue with us over excuses for their mess up instead of just admitting the mistake. I have NEVER seen a manager behave so childishly in a restaurant. And you'd think you'd get a some nice service at a place were you're spending +$250 per person for 8 people. The waiter scored big time with a fat service included tip although he did not deserve a dime of it. Bottom line is: I don't think this review really tells you how bad the service was. The service was horrible and the manager should be fired. But, I admit I still thought the food was good - although sadly not as good as we'd had in the past. We've had a few friends also go there since and they have also said they had horrible service and sub-par food. I don't know if I feel better knowing it was just not a fluke night. I really used to love this place.I write this review broken hearted. I hope Mario reads this and goes and kicks the butt out of the management and staff with his orange croc shoes to get them to live up to the glory that this place once represented!
4	I ate here the evening of October 8th.  After an extremely disappointing start, it was a very good dinner.  I dined with a party of five business associates.  We were shown to our seats and assured that the waiter would be over shortly, but we waited about 30 minutes for him to come over and take our drink orders.  We saw him taking other tables food orders, but I would think priority would be to put drinks in front of the guests.  Who knows.  Regardless once he finally came over with the wine, the experience was excellent.  We put our fate in his hands and let him pick the appetizers, main coarse and sides and don't think any of us could have done a better job on our own.He brought us out the bone-in strip and porterhouse, then cut it up for individual portions for the table.  The taste was amazing as was his selections for our sides.  The dinner was extremely expensive and we probably would not ordered the way we did if I wasn't on an expense account.
4	I've never even heard of this place until I got here. And coming here was a great choice; thanks to my cousin who came here before. But it does get a bit busy here and without a reservation, we just hung out at the bar for a couple of hours enjoying some of their fine scotches. And they do have a lot to offer.But drinking an excessive amount of scotch even before dinner started was a big mistake on my part, as I could not fully enjoy my steak for the evening. But for the limited times I did remember my dinner, I would say that the steak was nice and juicy. And they do live up to their prime grade and the fact that they actually cut the pieces in front of you definitely helped out a lot since cutting the pieces by myself would prove to be very difficult given that I was still inebriated from my drinks earlier.The porter house for two is great for two people. But honestly, I think I can devour it myself. At $160, I was actually glad there was my cousin to help out.But it didn't end there. We added some sides, dessert, and obviously some more drinks and we were stuffed. Note to self: On my next visit here, tone down on the drinks so I can enjoy the ambiance and the food a lot better next time.
5	My lips quivered when I took the first bite from the 60 day aged New York Strip. That's all I have to say about that.
5	Even my MOM was impressed with Carnevino...and that's a high standard to meet.We came here with a group of 7. The GM came out and personally greeted us at the hostess stand when he heard our party had arrived. They had a beautiful table set up all the way in the back of the restaurant (through the wine cellar room, which I thought would have been a cool place to sit as well). With very high ceilings and paintings on the wall, the back room felt like we were in someone's old world castle. It was quiet, romantic and I loved the ambiance. Needless to say, service was absolutely impeccable. Some of us started with bellinis. The chef also sent out some complimentary apertifs. Our food order was massive:Appetizers:-Caprese salad-Stracciatela (proscuitto and mozz)-Grilled octopus served over octopus sashimi (my FAVORITE, the grilled octopus really was perfectly prepared and so tender)-Steamed clams (the broth was soooo amazing)-Lobster with the tail served sashimi stylePasta:-Garganelle bolognese (Because I was craving some sort of spicy pasta I requested the bolognese sauce to be made spicy and the chef added a very nice amount of heat)-Orrechiette -Beef agnolottiEntrees:-Dry aged bone-in ribeye (for 2 people) this thing was massive, I will upload a pic. We took the gigantic bone home for my Mom's teacup malteses. So spoiled.-Filet mignon-Lamb chops-Bison (available on their special menu)*Note that the meat prepared at Carnevino is prepared a little less than requested. For example, if you request medium rare, it will come out closer to rare.Sides:-Spinach-Mashed potatoes-Butternut squash-Cauliflower gratin-Porcini mushroomsI tried little bites of everything. We were all so full that dessert could not even be considered. The service and food were absolutely outstanding and I can't wait to experience Carnevino again soon.
4	Carnevino is a place I've eaten at three times now. The food is of great quality, but little things are sometimes wrong. For example, the prosciutto appetizer is just an insane amount of prosciutto. Some would call that a benefit. And if I was sharing it with another person (or two more people) this would have been great.The gelato is really disappointing. It might as well be Breyer's ice cream. I base this on a great deal of experience with gelato from many parts of Italy as well as my favorite restaurant, which Carnevino should call on - Mozza in LA. Those guys have gelato nailed.Carnevino serves a great prosecco (although they charge way too much for it based on the extensive prosecco experience I have), but the bartenders were always top-notch and super-friendly. This place is definitely worth a try, but I would suggest dining at B&B in the same hotel to compare (although I didn't have the gelato there).
1	What a joke. I must preface my review by saying that I'm not accustomed to eating at restaurants like this, where prices are so high you need to mortgage your house just to have dinner. But I was vacationing in Vegas with a large group of friends and this is where they wanted to eat. So I gave it a shot!One quick glance at the menu and I knew I was going to break the bank. I took a moment to map out my game plan and decided on ordering the ravioli plus a side item so my wallet wouldn't take too much of a beating. My wife, also alarmed by the prices decided to order the gnocchi and a side item (quick recap, with a little wine we're way over $100 at this point. ouch)My first red flag should have been when the waiter pointed out that the "ravioli" was actually a "raviol-o" - as in singular - as in just one piece of ravioli - as in what the hell? I scratched my head. $25 for 1 ravioli?? The price must be wrong or it must be a huge, delicious, giant, thick piece of ravioli. I asked the waiter to describe it and with his hands he made a rather large circle. So I assumed it would be a decent sized dish. OK I'll order it.HA! 45 minutes later (yes 45 minutes) I was served the tiniest, thinnest, smallest ravioli you have ever seen. It was roughly the the size and thickness of a ritz cracker. 1 cracker. for $25!! Then came my "side item", also rather small. I wish I had a stopwatch at the dinner table - it took me about 45 seconds to eat everything. Roughly 3 spoonfuls and I was done!My friends (all of whom have large bank accounts) ordered many dishes. I was shocked at how small everything was. A a spoonful here, a tiny dollop there, and somehow these "dishes" were worthy of $50 price tags. I just sat there in disbelief. I sat there watching other people eat because I had already blown my $100 on my single ravioli and my wifes pasta. In the end our bill came out to roughly $200 - for two people who basically ate nothing and drank a little wine. It was so bad it ended up ruining the rest of my night. I was not a happy camper and while everyone else went back to gambling I grabbed a slice of pizza at the hotel (delicious, i should have eaten there) and went to my room to watch tv. Look - I understand that there are lots of people out there with money to burn who like to live that way - they're willing to spend $50 on a tiny scoop of pasta because the restaurant is "exclusive" and has a big fancy chef's name attached to it - but give me a break! My "raviolo" didn't even taste good! It had almost no flavor and my side dish tasted microwaved. My wife said her gnocchi was fine but she had tasted better pasta at small chain restaurants back home. My wife summed it up best when she turned to me at the table and whispered: this is the most pretentious place I have ever been to in my life.0 stars if I could.
3	The size of the shrimp here are burned into my retinas, they must be living in radioactive waters. I had a salad here, which for the price should have been larger, but it was well done, and it turned out I had a second dinner after this one anyway. Aside from massive steaks and shrimp the quality of the food I tried wasn't all that good. I much prefer B&B over this place.
5	I'm transferring my old reviews to yelp. I was here a year ago.we loved it! all of Mario's places are great. i had a huge prawn, delicious.it was meatless Monday but I couldn't help myself and had a big piece of steak.please don't tell Mario. The staff was very nice ( we gave the feedback to Mario) and the decor was also nice. I took a picture next to the bull but I don't how load it here.Thank you!
2	Mario Batali....what have you done?  I'm your biggest fan of Osteria Mozza in LA and was expecting Mozza quality and deliciousness at Carnevino.  With the quality of a Sizzler and the service of Olive Garden (actually although I hate their food, the service is even better), I am taking some of my "I'm your foodie groupie" points away big time!!  That's what happens when these great restaurant owners grow too quickly.  Service and quality goes way down.  :(  Chris was our first waiter, but then we got stuck with Goose.  Rude, sarcastic, made racist jokes, just unbelievable.  Maybe he should have been stuffed and served on a platter instead of serving customers.  I can't imagine a guy like that making it at Macaroni Grill, let alone a Mario Batali restaurant.  Ok, on to the food.  The steak tartare was decent, but it went down from there.  I ordered the lamb chops as my entree.  As many others said, they WAY undercook things.  I asked for medium rare, but the meat was oozing with blood!  Yuck!  And it was at least 75% fat.  Fortunately, Chris came to the rescue when he sent it back to the kitchen for me and took it off the bill.  I had ordered the brussel spouts as a side.  They were mediocre at best.  Needless to say, I skipped on the dessert.  Mr. Batali...please, don't ruin the image I've had of you.  Keep a few restaurants that you can manage and consistently deliver Mozza quality.  Otherwise, you will be boxed in with the Outback Steakhouse & Olive Garden.  Fortunately, Osteria Mozza is still 5 stars in my book.
4	Went to this place for an early dinner before seeing a show. We had a group of five. It was a great experience. The ambiance was great, we ordered two appetizers to share...the carpaccio and then the salumi plate. Both were great. The sommelier did a great job suggesting a wine for us, we gave them a price and she hit the nail on the head. We chose to do our dinner family style and we shared a meat for two, a meat for one, two pasta dishes, and a side. Perfect amount of food, no one was too full after the meal, but everyone had had just enough. The food was delicious. The pasta dishes were definitely homemade and the steaks were wonderful, cooked well and melted in your mouth. Yes, this was an expensive dinner, but we all felt it was well worth it. Our service was great (though should have been because there were few besides us there for 5:00 dinner). No complaints. Definitely will be back.
4	My husband and I ate here for dinner.  We ordered the NY strip, fillet , garlic mashed potatoes and salad.  The steaks were perfect, the potatoes were very unique because they had an egg in them, delicious and the salad was perfect.  The complimentary appetizers were cheese balls and a delicious piece of bread for each f us.  Delicious.  Just enough so that there was still room for dinner.Resteraunt is dark with rich earth tone colors, very dramatic.  service was great, our servers were very knowledgable and polite.  I would come back again.Usually after eating a meal like this I feel tied and heavy.  after eating I felt full, but not uncomfortable.  This may be due to the emphasis placed on using natural ingredients.The cons were that we had to pay an additional fee for sauce to go with the steak.
1	You would think for the price you pay here, you would get at the very least good, decent service.Took the groom and the groomsmen to this fancy place trying to have a memorable experience.  Bad decision!Waiter was slow, service was slow, food was slow.When I tried to complain to the Manager on duty, Tyler, he didn't even have the decency to look like he was even interested in what I had to say.I'm not typically the type to complain, I'm quite easy going when it comes to restaurant services, but the horrible service and bad experience we were having prompted me to talk to the manager.  On top of the bad service, the steaks were NOT THAT GREAT!  I've had better elsewhere...You are essentially paying for crap service and crap food if you go here...AVOID.
3	I absolutely loved their NY Steak! Our server was nice.Why 3 stars?Well one thing really bothered me about this place. I came here with a rather large group (I think there was about 11 of us). I completely understand having to split us into different tables, but why charge us for the gratuity of a large party? It wasn't as if we were split to two different tables, we were scattered through four different tables. Considering this, and the fact that there was a bill to every table, I felt that we should have been treated as four different smaller parties.
5	quite possibly the best steak i have ever eaten. it was unbelievable. the pasta with shaved truffle works too. as these were so noteworthy, i can't remember the apps.
5	I always hit a steakhouse when I travel, and I have been to a lot of the big names around the country, and most of the big ones in the Valley.  But, the BEST steak I have ever eat is at Carnevino:  the reserve ribeye.  Dry-aged 6-8 months, it's a decadent explosion of beef flavor.  It has truffle/blue cheese notes to it, but is not offputting in any way.  It's not always available, one time I went I had to get the dry-aged t-bone.  This is another EXCELLENT steak, but it does not hold a candle to the reserve.  It's sad to think I'm ruined on other steaks at such a young age....The wine list is expansive but pricey, as is the menu in general.  The 4 times we have been, service is excellent.  The servers are friendly, attentive, but not overbearing.  And, they are very knowledgeable.  The mushroom/onion side dish has been my favorite, it's maybe the best mushroom dish I have had at a steakhouse.  The potatoes with guanciale are also a winner (this is the dish other yelpers have mentioned that has the egg).You are going to pay for it (the reserve was $108 per inch last time I had it), but you will also have a memorable meal, no matter how much wine you drink...
2	Well a Bone In Ribeye for $144.... Not acceptable in my book. I own a very busy restaurant and I would not dare to charge this price. The quality was good but nothing to justify the price. Sorry we will not return.
3	My girlfriends and I were so excited to try Mario Batali's restaurant. However, the food did not meet expectations. :( We had the Dry Aged Bone In Ribeye since everyone raved about it but the meat was ok. I thought the meat was good but nothing spectacular. I would in an instant choose Ruth's Chris or Maestro's over Carnevino for steak. What was surprising was their pasta dish. I really wish I remember what the dish was called but it was a seafood pasta with a whole lobster on top. The presentation was quite memorable and it was delicious. The sauce for the pasta was very minimal but the taste was so flavorful with spices that really went well together. Maybe it was really good because I wasn't expecting much out of a pasta dish at a steakhouse. I would go back just for that pasta dish vs. the steak.
4	** I somehow just discovered that I had an 'unfinished review' that I started at least a year ago. Wow. I'll portion off the section I wrote originally, and continue below it. **-----------ORIGINAL------------I've eaten here twice, about 18 months apart. Both times, I noted that the ribeye was one of the best steaks I've ever enjoyed.A couple days ago, I took my dad and my roommate here for dinner. They seated us despite sandals, caps, and general raggedness, as we'd spent the whole day moving to a new condo. Service was impeccable and friendly. Most notably, the timing of the servers' trips to the table was flawless. My dad and I shared a ribeye for two with black pepper horseradish sauce, while my roommate had an 8oz filet mignon with the same sauce. We all shared sides of Romana beans and Tuscan fries. Everything was amazing.My roommate and I got beers, of which they have a nice selection of imports, but my dad stuck with water, having to drive back to LA right after dinner.All dishes were excellent. They did, however, play an entire Rolling Stones album during the meal. That was fairly annoying.-------------------------------------Ah yes. I have now eaten here three times, another shortly after the recount above. I took both of my parents and my roommate back only a couple months later, and had another fantastic meal. Even fewer little details to complain about this time.My mom is allergic to cow's milk, so sometimes it's a challenge for a restaurant to avoid all dishes with butter or milk used in any stage of the prep - especially butter. But this place handled it marvelously, customizing everything for her with no issues. And the server immediately understood what her request was, which is a rare mark of quality in our experience.Yet again, this meal was tremendous. We did order red wine this time around, which, in my opinion, is just-about imperative at a nice steakhouse. Unfortunately, they didn't have my favorite Spanish red in stock, but the sommelier reccomended a very nice and affordable bottle that we all enjoyed.I'm rambling. This steakhouse kicks serious butt. Every side is classic, rustic, and delicious. Never too salty, sweet, cheesy, or anything strong enough to take away from the relatively subtle flavors of aged steaks. The wine and beer selections are top-notch. Service is immaculate. And the steaks...you'd contemplate killing your best friend to get one of their steaks on your plate.But man...the music. It's consistently annoying. It's probably just me and there are probably a lot of people who either don't notice or enjoy it, so I'm not making much of a point about it. But I am docking a star.Highly recommended!
1	We had a reservation for 10 people.... it was 20 minutes before we were served water. 45 minutes before we had a cocktail...1 hour before they took an order which in it self was a process! They insisted we do family style...we agreed being easy. They tried to sell us seven different styles of meat.  We had to insist on other dishes to please everyone at the table. The appetizers came out and each person started out with one or two clams, by the time it came around to me I had One. The gnocchi came out and again everyone had three by the time it came around my husband and I had one. We ordered a second round of gnocchi and again we had one gnocchi.  The steak was so rare, it looked as if if was right off of the animal.  Not everyone cares for their steak raw, they could have asked us if anyone needed their steak cooked more.  Meanwhile, it was so loud we could hardly speak to the person next to you let alone the person across from you. My husband kept being knocked into by the waiters, as it was tight for the waiters to get through the tables. All in all the service was horrific. We spent generously with only two bottles of wine our bill was $2100 with a %20 tip included. The lamb chops were divine! That was all I had one Lamb chop.  My husband felt the meat had Aged far too long, and the taste was "tainted"  Not one person at the table had a nice comment on the meat that was served. The waiters were rude and over worked.  I kept looking or borrowing a fork.  The service was just terrible.   What a bummer for a big dinner party.  Money was no object for us.  We were incredibly disappointed in this restaurant. Our miserable experience took a total of three hours.
5	We came here for lunch during one of our monthly Vegas jaunts. I have 2 words: steak sandwich! OMG, this was the most delicious sandwich I have ever eaten. Seriously. My boyfriend tried to take it!! His food was really good too, but this sandwich was UN-freaking-believeable! I'm talking last meal on earth kinda shit, it was THAT good! Carnevino does it right!! Great, I'm salivating now...
1	Terrible food, small plates and way to expense, 5 pieces of gnochi for $17.
1	I almost don't even know where to start. I went here on Valentines Day and the thing that I will always remember about CV is that you do not go to nice restaurants on Valentines Day. I had 7:30 reservations for two. Arrived two minutes late, but was promptly seated. Good start. Its a beautiful restaurant and I like how they store the wine in the Cabinets all around you.Our server, JB , came over to introduce himself and the menu. Here is where things start to go South. I mentioned that I had been looking at the menu online in anticipation of what was to be an amazing dinning experience. He still tells us to look it over and proceed to visit every table around us for the next 31 minutes.  He finally comes back, and takes our dinner order and drink order. 15 minutes later the drink arrives. So lets recap: 31 mins to place dinner order when I said I already knew what I wanted, and 46 minutes to get a drink.  The Salads were the best part of the whole experience. Zach's chopped Salad was very good, if a little heavy on the hominy. The standard 'Caesar'( although they don't call it that) is also very good. 45 minutes after I get my 1st drink The food arrives, total time in seat ~1.5 hours. The steak looked amazing , it was the $150 aged, bone-in Ribeye for two. JB said it was what they are known for. The tableside preparation was nice and it really is a big hunk of meat, but at the very end they "season" it by putting two crystals of sea salt on the massive amount of steak and then drown it in olive oil.   (Side Note: I said Hello and Happy V-Day to another server who was helping JB cut and serve the steak. he rolled his eyes and let out a sigh, to which JB replied " only a couple more hours man".... I'm right freaking next to you dude, I have ears! WTF?)But Back to the steak. It was tasteless, it had no flavor, other than olive oil. The texture was great but there was just nothing to get excited over. I should have just sent it back and ordered something else.   Instead, I asked for two different sauces, a Gorgonzola and something else. Both just sucked.  The gorgonzola was like a semi-solid cheese paste.We had also ordered a maine lobster tail, trying to make our own surf-and-turf  for the special occasion.  Of course, JB forgot to enter it into the system so it never arrived. I had had just about enough of this Joke of Service being rendered to us and I asked to talk to the General Manager, JB heard something else because the floor supervisor or assistant manager or something came over, I told him I was in the QSR industry and how much the service and food were lacking , he didn't care. The only thing he listened to was when I said I am not trying to get out of paying the bill, then he said okay, picked up my card and rang it. I never , ever ask to see management. I guess in my mind I was thinking that if I let him know now, how awful the service and product was, he would take control of the situation, try and rectify it in some way , any way... Yes a discount or removal of stuff from my ticket would have been nice and probably the right thing to do. He did absolutely nothing. So Congrats Dude! I am now an ANTI-Brand Ambassador for Carnevino and I will be sure to tell everyone that I can.Finally wrapping up dinner, I usually drink more during special occasions and like to finish it off with espresso after a nice dessert, I did neither, I just wanted out of there. I had my $150 dollar steak wrapped up and they brought the claim ticket out, after talking to the manager-whatever I tore up my ticket and left it on the table. Now that my review is almost over I feel better letting the world know what to expect from this place. I would really like to be contacted by someone @Palazzo or CV , but in the Corporate, Dollar 1st Attitude that predominates the strip now I seriously doubt that will happen. And Hotel/Casinos wonder why they have a hard time bringing locals to the Strip? Truly a Zero Star Review.
5	Went here on a business trip with 4 others on Valentines Day.  Had late reservations so place wasn't packed by time we got there.  The service was very friendly.  Took a while to get food considering it wasn't packed, but, what can you expect on V-day?  Three of us shared the ribeye for 2 and lamb-chops.  We had the calamari which was good, but, not great along with another appetizer I can't remember (I was pretty intoxicated lol.)  The sides were good, but, nothing crazy.  The real treat here was the meat.  I've had lamb before, but, nothing that I would pay that kind of money for.  These, on the other hand were amazing.  Best lamb I can imagine cooked perfectly medium-rare.  The ribeye was excellent as well.  Perhaps a bit under-cooked, but, great flavor.  It was a much better cut of meat than the ribeye I had the previous night at STK in Cosmo.  Meal was very expensive, but, worth it to try once.
5	GET THE BEEF CHEEKS! It's off menu but its one of the best pastas I've ever had!P.S ask for MJ as your server! He's great & really knows his stuff.
1	Went for dinner on 2/23/13. The waiter almost never checked on our table. It got to the point where I had to ask the waitress working the tables to our left to serve us. Her name is Danielle and she provided TOP notch service. Carnevino is lucky to have such a customer service driven employee working for them. I ordered the filet medium rare. My steak arrived to the table cold in the center and luke warm on the outside. After waiting 15 min of waiting our server came over, and he took the steak back to the kitchen. It came back reheated... so it was now luke warm in the middle and warm on the outside. I cut again into the middle and was not even warm. I stopped eating and asked to speak with the manager. I expressed my concerns to the manager and his response was "Well you ordered it medium rare so its never going to be warm in the middle. What would you like me to do for you?" I was kind of taken back by his response. I asked him to take the steak off the bill which he agreed to. Either way, I wont be going back here.
4	Had the delicious Ribeye for 2 here and it was cooked perfectly.  Would definitely go back for a great meal.  Service was very friendly and professional.
1	Worst customer service ever!  Wouldn't split our check.  Expected us to do it ourselves.  What did we get for $290 tip?
4	It's a really good steakhouse and the food is good. But for the price you pay there are better ones to choose from. The wait staff is friendly the ambiance is good. I would recommend try this restaurant once.
2	A couple random thoughts regarding Carnevino.It's a nice restaurant and on it's own it's a great restaurants, however I've been to better. I had the bone in ribeye and it was good. However I prefer boneless steaks and I accidentally ordered the bone in so that might shroud my opinion of this place. However lets step back a minute. I ordered a steak, though I wasn't in the mood for a steak. I was however in the mood for some type of Italian/pasta dish and considering this is an Italian restaurant, I was in good hands. The prices of the pasta dishes however seemed too low so I asked whether these were entree size dishes or appetizers and it turns out the latter - disappointment. Why not offer an entree size dish? I suppose in hindsight I could have ordered two of the little dishes. Back to the steak. I ordered the steak medium, which I clarified was to be just to the right of red, just turning pink. What I got was the other end of pink, on its way to gray. I didn't return the steak since I was in a large group and didn't want to slow down the pace of the meal. The sides looked good. I tasted the Cauliflower Au gratin and the Mashed Potatoes. Both sides looked tastier than they actually tasted. The mashed potatoes even had a poached egg on top which you could burst the yolk to mix in the potatoes. However this was more for presentation as I didn't really taste the richness I had expected. Either that or the potatoes lacked any rich/creamy element that the yolk brought up to ground level. The service was on the better side. I would give the service 4/5 stars. Loss of star for empty glasses and slow delivery of bread and check - a bunch of small things like that. I wouldn't go back. Though this would be the best steakhouse in many midsize cities, there are too many other options in Vegas.
3	Bummer. This was not a favorite during our time in Vegas.  The 3.5 stars currently on Yelp is a pretty accurate rating for Carnevino.We enjoyed:- Ian (our Server's assistant) he was AWESOME and favorite part of Carnevino- Peanut Butter/Chocolate dessert that was like a huge candybar ... yum!- Ian because he was so awesome he is worth mentioning twice- Zachs Chopped Salad which was very good and a great start to our mealWe were indifferent to:- Our entrees of a steak dish and scallops. Eh pretty boring.- Beef Agnolotti with onion raguWe hated:- The layout is awkward and tables are far too close, luckily there are loud speakers playing music right. By. Your. Head. So you really can't hear anyone elses conversations (or your own)- Bread, butter, lardo - not as exciting as we thought based on reviews from othersWe shared a salad and a pasta starter, then each got our own entrees. It was the perfect amount of food. The salad being a bit larger and more than enough to share. The pasta was smaller with only 4 or 5 bites per person, but enough for us on that particular night.Overall it was fine, just nothing memorable nor anything we'd ever go back to do again. The service was forced and awkward (and since we were so close to all of our dining mates we were able to hear our servers spiel only about half a dozen times which got old quickly).
5	Always a spot on our trips to Vegas, and certainly not disappointed.Three of us at the bar had a latest dinner and put our faith in the staff (Thanks Cooper and Josh) to pick food for us.Started with perfect steak tartare, grilled octopus that again was done perfectly (no easy feat to not under or over cook).There was some beef cheek ravioli, and finished with a bison bone in ribeye that they sliced up for us to share and was cooked and seasoned perfectly.Wow, great wine list - super hot hostesses although I wouldn't ask them a question again...
5	In between a $24,000 bottle of French Burgundy and sucker-tipped octopus tentacles, you can find a twenty-ounce pork chop as juicy as a piece of fresh watermelon.  They cut the steak in front of you like an 1890s public hanging, only you don't turn away but watch in drooling anticipation.  It is like the finale of The Crucible, only John Proctor (Daniel Day-Lewis) is not on the chopping block here.  An anonymous cow is.  The steak bone, like the business end of a professional hockey stick, is presented to you on a plate three-sizes too small, all for you to marvel at or be repulsed by while you begin that main course.Diners include venture capitalists in tailored suits with trophy girlfriends and t-shirt and jeans tourists from Branson, Missouri.  A drink at the bar before your meal is not a bad idea just to acclimate yourself to the idea of dining fine.Is it ethically, morally, socially wrong to pay $46 for a pork chop?  No.  Because it is not wrong to eat and eat here you must.Good luck.
2	Ambiance and service were nice but the food was just so so and way overpriced.  Caprese salad was $24 for 6 cherry tomatoes, a scoop of pasty cheese, and a little dab of pesto.  The steak was good, but not near what I expected....  I have grilled better on my weber.
5	I'm a huge fan of steak; in fact, if it mooed at one time, I pretty much will want some part of that beast in my mouth.Before you bother to look at the one- and two-star reviews for Carnevino, let me just say that if you choose to dine here, the only steak you should consider ordering is the Steak Fiorentino for two, prepared medium rare.  It's absolutely heavenly.  They carve it off the bone for you tableside, and it offers you two different cuts of beef:  half filet, half porterhouse.   Yes, it's a hefty $140 for just this dish, but you're not going to find a better quality meat anywhere.
5	Get the All'Amatriciana.Lardo is the best (delicately smooth and melted over the fresh baked bread).Traditional Mario Batali execution and flavor profiles abound.
5	Definitely a splurge but worth every arm and leg that got cut off after we got the check.Amazing service, and most plates are served to share amongst the table. Order your steak/meat and add sides on separately. It will be a lot of food to share, expect left overs.Ordered the Dry Aged Bone-In Ribeye... and holy mother of Palazzo... it was huge and delicious. The most amazing steak I've had in my entire life. Don't you dare ask for A1 sauce.Can't wait to go back and break the piggy bank again!
5	Things have changed a bit at Carnevino since the first time I went.  It's still a top notch steakhouse but if and only if you come in prepared and knowing what to order and not order.  I've had the pleasure of dining here a few more times and this is what I can say for sure:- Only go if you're ordering the riserva (call ahead), the dry aged bone in ribeye for 2 or the Florentine porterhouse for 2.  I usually go with the ribeye.  Sure it's more than the usual steak but no one should be coming here to pinch pennies.  Which leads to my next suggestion...- Don't be a cheap ass.  Outback is at Casino Royale next door.  There's nothing wrong with being frugal but your experience won't be good if you're trying to do it here.  - The sauces are a waste of time.  You don't need it if the steak is awesome.  - The filet mignon quality has changed since they opened and I don't think it's worth ordering anymore.- Think of the pasta as an appetizer to share among friends or just a pricier side dish.  They are not dinner entree portions and don't bother ordering it if that's your plan.  B&B is just on the other side at Venetian and you'd have a better experience there.  That being said, I REALLY like the Ricotta and Egg Raviolo with brown butter and get it almost every time I go.  The Spago is excellent as well.  - What's even better than great meat for an entree?  Great meat for an appetizer!!  The PROSCIUTTO DI PARMA 'RISERVA' is heavenly.  One order is good for 4.  - This isn't a very romantic spot.  The music is mostly rockin and the tables are positioned a little weird with that middle section making you feel like you're dining in a hallway. God bless Mario Batali!!
4	Wonderful experience for 2 or more that enjoy world-class protein.  This is definitely a spot for carnivores and if that's not your thing, I'd find other options.  Great selection of pasta/side dishes to be shared amongst the table.  But the star of the show is the carne for 2 cut table-side.  Wonderful dining experience with a ridiculous wine list.
1	Crap. Indeed such crap it single handedly put me on a "Famous Chef" hiatus.  My wife and I went to Carnevino just for a quick bite. We ordered of the Taverna menu as we didn't want the full "experience."The menu came, dirty, stained, and torn; nasty. The server brought out "a complement from the chef" some cold, greasy, hush-puppy like dough ball. I asked if it were supposed to be warm and the server said "yes." Well, sorry to surprise you, it wasn't.We ordered the arugula salad, tagliatelle with porcini, and the house made pastrami sandwich. The arugula salad was in a bath of white vinegar and nearly inedible. The tagliatelle was salty enough to choke a cow and cows lick pure salt! But worse, far worse, worst of all, was the pastrami sandwich; two massive slabs of dry, crumbly bread, more arugula, and the thinnest of thin slices of pastrami. I didn't see any pastrami so I opened the sandwich removed a slice to taste the pastrami. I still don't know what it tastes like! The horseradish mustard overpowered everything. I combined the two halves of the sandwich into one and it STILL had less pastrami than a sandwich you'd find in a vending machine at a train station yet just as appetizing!From now on, If I don't SEE that damn famous chef in his/her restaurant, I'm not eating there. Never, ever again.
3	Its a steak house. I like steak. I'm excited for steak. I got the Filet Mignon. Medium. They purposely undercook their meats b/c its easier to cook 'up' if the customer isn't satisfied. I did not know this and was told this by my waiter, post receiving my medium rare steak. Kind of disappointing. Its a celebrity restaurant so its pricey and everything is ala carte. I'm ok with that, because in return I expect it to be an upscale dining experience. Wrong! Its loud as all get out in there. They have music literally blaring in the dining area. I could understand the bar area but in the actual main dining area they have loud music, I felt like I was talking over music all night. Again, kind of disappointing. The ambiance just didn't do it for me personally. I would prefer other steak houses to this one and would only return if specifically requested by a friend.
5	Unfair.  Inexorable torture.  I have been to the edge and floated beyond it.  I cry. I weep.  I sit in silence, staring at the blank keyboard in maim attempt to conjure a worthy description of what was by far the very best food I have ever tasted in my entire life, from several appetizers, two types of pasta, steak, several sides, paired wines, and grappa to finish.  Everything about this place was painfully perfect.  I shall never yelp again.-Never coming down.PSAs to the other reviews; no idea what they're talking about.  Service was spectacular; amiable and on point.  Atmosphere is an airy and refreshing change to the run of the mill dark and stuffy steakhouse.  And sorry if you don't like popular upbeat music????? And yes, if you can't afford it, please don't go.  There's too many outstanding things on that menu.  I've never been so impressed in my life.
1	1) Wine took 30 minutes to get to the table2) Waiter was more interested in himself and did a poor job representing the menu.3) Plates left on the table too long.4) Steak was bland and had no flavor,  I asked for A1.  Do not believe the hype.  This restaurant did not live up to the reviews.  I rather eat a Slim Jim than pay for a tasteless $70 steak.
4	had dinner. started with the oysters, cesar salad. simple and clean. ribeye for 2 and spaghetti nero with crab was simple and very clean to the palette. . the ribeye was huge and 4 of us could not finish it. cooked beautifully. and the lamp chops wer the most fantastic lamb we have ever had. the meat was sweet and just cooke beautifully. the sides we ordered was mushrooms, broccoli, also very clean and enjoyable. could not finish the whole meal. the portions are huge. fantastic dinner
3	My wife and I decided to grab a late night meal here after the Beatles Love show at the Mirage. We sat in the bar because we wanted to order just a couple of small plates. We decided on the steak sandwich and the gnocchi. The steak sandwich was $27 and the gnocchi was $19. Both dishes were very good but I thought they were a bit overpriced even for Vegas standards. Food and service was good but I don't think I will return because of the high prices. I think Mario Batali is a little too proud of this restaurant.
1	Don't bother.Yes, I know I go to a steak house. Yes I know I am going to drop some coin. Yes I know there is a "celebrity's" name attached to the place so I am paying a bit for that as well. Yes I am fine with that.......... For that I can expect excellent service, a well paced meal, superb food, knowledgeable staff, and a comfortable setting. Except we got 1 out of 5......... Never got to the main course, we experienced ignorance and indifference from both staff and "manager". So we walked out after the appetizers. No sense in throwing good money after bad.
4	Came back to celebrate a bachelor party and decided to go all out.  Our group of 12 all ordered the bone-in ribeye for two, cooked medium rare, extra char crust, and cut tableside.  I got to say the steak is just as good as I imagined it the first time I came here.  The steak is huge, probably enough to serve 3.  They cook the steak perfect and drizzle it with a little extra olive oil before they serve you.  One word, AMAZING!
4	As an independent steakhouse fan, I was a little skeptical coming here because it's just another top chef restaurant and can sometimes be over rated, but it was the choice of our friends, we were all going to a show together after and they said they have a prix fixe menu for show ticket holders.GREAT!So, although the waiter(s) all pushed to up-sell the other steaks, the filet was on the prix fixe menu and we were all very impressed with it.  Very tasty, love the outer crust.  So good!We all also got a bottle of wine (per couple) and we all enjoyed our vegetable choice and salads and the gelato - oh wow the gelato!In the end, the meal and the company made this a great experience!  But when the bills came, they were all wrong.  The vegetable pricing was all wrong and the items got mixed up on each persons bills.  They should have all been the same except the wine pricing and they had to take the bills back twice for one couple, 3 times for the other 2.This was the only drawback - they try to up-sell you - let the customer decide what they want!
5	Incredible food in multiple courses in a warm, elegant setting with fantastic wine selections and phenomenal service. There is such a variety of food options, each exquisitely prepared with the finest and freshest ingredients.  My sister and I had a wonderful dining experience and will definitely be back.
5	The staff was friendly and attentive without being overbearing.  The staff was classy, but still made us feel right at home.  High end restaurant, but casual.  All dishes are Ala Carte.  My friend & I had the Ribeye steak (Aged 3-4 months) for two ($72/person).  I included the mashed potatoes with a poached egg and bacon as my side.  The steak was presented Tomahawk style and then sliced evenly between my friend and I.  The steak was prepared perfectly and tasted great.  The waiter encouraged me to finish the rest from the bone by hand.  I did and it was awseome.  The Poached Egg and Mashed Potatoes were suprisingly very good.   You take a fork to open the egg that is set atop of the mashed potatoes and mix it into the potatoes. My wife had the New York Steak.  It was not as tender as the Ribeye, but was were very flavorful.  The only flaw and it's a minor one; the life sized cow at the entrance inside.  The rear of the cow buts (No pun intended) onto the first table.  So at least one guest will have a cow's rear end right besides them during dinner.  It you want a great tasting dry-aged steak, visit Carnevino.  But be prepared to open your pocketbook.  As prices are steep, yet not as steep as other high end steakhouses.
5	Words can't describe this place.....
3	this place is pretty amazing.. best oysters ive had yet..
1	Ok food...horrible service.  I guess if you have a party of 6 or more and they have their automatic gratuity added...they can deliver horrible service....first round of drinks took forever.  No request for second rounds.  We sat for 30 minutes with a clear table and we finally found our waiter to ask for our check...waited another 20 to actually get the check....gratuity is for good service.  We've eaten at many other fine dining establishments in Vegas and will return to one of them next time.  A horrible dinner to celebrate a very special occasion.
1	Let me begin by saying I got a yelp account specifically to give this restaurant one star. First of all the prices are unbelievably high. Now that in itself doesn't completely turn me away, however I do expect top notch quality and service if I'm going to pay 144 dollars for a steak. This was far from the case. The waiter did not seem knowledgable in steaks aside from how to steer you away from the reasonably priced filet mignon. The ribeye for two that me and my brother shared came out freezing cold and extremely undercooked. Not only that but the meat was chewy and some pieces were down right not edible. "The best steak in Las Vegas"? I think not!My recommendation, go to Ruth's Chris in harrah's and get a 50 dollar steak that won't disappoint.
2	Pasta amazing but only app portion.  Steaks were not considered "great" by those that ordered and for $61 for a NY Strip, I would hope for "great" at the least.  I had the halibut and it was prepared nicely.  Service was very disappointing and not up to the prices.  Would not go again considering all the amazing restaurants in Las Vegas. If pirced more resonably then I'd give it a pass but you must consider the whole package in this case.  It would be like getting a Tiffany box and finding a WalMart ring inside...not bad, but certainl not going to pay Tiffany prices for it.  Sorry.  Oh, yeah, the Barolo was amazing, but they did not make that.
5	One of the most unique steakhouses in Vegas offering a rare culinary delight:  MONTHS aged dry aged beef.Read on, I promise not to talk about what the process really is.Called "Riserva", the once USDA prime beef is aged six to 11 months before being trimmed and served.  The result is unlike "younger", 30-75 day dry aged beef.  The shorter aged steaks retain a beefy texture, very tender with a pronounced nutty, bleu cheese aroma and flavor with a massive umame finish.  The months aged beef, think prosciutto.  Broiled rare to mid rare at a low temperature.  There is no thick outer crust.  The flavor is mild and nutty with only the hint of bleu cheese aroma.  The beef is dense and oily.  It has a very different mouth feel.  It is extremely sweet.  Amazing but not for everyone.Tip:  Request the "Riserva" steaks when making reservation.  The amount of aging doesn't matter.  The piece is selected when it has reached the correct characteristics.Traditional dry aged steaks are excellent.  The rib eye and porterhouse both possess the classic umame packed dry aged goodness.  Excellent sear, tender and juicy.  Both steaks are meant to be shared.  If dining alone, both the bone in New York strip and Bone in filet mignon offer the same experience as the porterhouse in a more manageable 16oz portion.All steaks are rubbed with rosemary before cooking.  It imparts a strong, woodsy flavor that enhances the sweetness of the beef.Not into aged beef?  The 20oz bone in veal chop is excellent.  Natural, pasture raised veal, it has a light beef flavor with a soft texture.  It's dry rubbed with thyme and porcini powder that imparts a very flavorful earthy goodness.  A drizzle of fresh olive oil adds the perfect richness.For starters, the fried calamari, "Shrimp alla Diavola", and Bucatini Amatriciana are excellent but why fill up.  You can get these at Batali's Italian eatery, B&B Ristorante.The restaurant captures the spirit of Italy, an enjoyable, casual, jovial evening.  Don't go with an elegant stick up your, you know.  The bread will make your hands oily and gnawing the bone is encouraged.Bravo!
4	This place was amazing! I highly recommend making a reservation before going so you don't have a long wait. We had one and still waited 15 minutes. The staff was really nice and welcoming. I highly recommend the DRY AGED BONE-IN RIBEYE.
1	I guess I'm simply getting tired of the hype steakhouse / Vegas Hotel over priced lets put a top shelf name on the door charge exuberant pricing then deliver about 25% of what it is worth.  One of the most disappointing meals in a very long time. 9 Of us for dinner this evening for my birthday and we are seated nicely in the external wine room with a large table.  Asethically pleasing our sommellier gives us some reccomendations from this 500 Plus wine list that is so completely and utterly over priced I can't even begin to believe they have the balls to charge some of these numbers.   OK high rent Palazzo hotel you go with the flow.  A nice Pinot Noir and Super Tuscan are selected as we await our waiter Shep.  Some friend bread with cheese is presented along with some very nice hot bread with a variety of butters.  Bread has a rosemary type garlic topping very good.  Unfortunately this is where the majority of the meal goes down hill.  Multiple appetizers ordered Shirmp Ala Diablo $19.00 1 giant shrimp with a piece of italian bread in a spicy marinara sauce.  Specia Beef Cheek ravioli with a cream sauce topped with a drizzle of balsalmic vinegar was different.  An Angoltti was then presented with cream & mushroom..  other end of table had very nice Big Eye sushi tuna cut very thin told fresh.  House salads were ample not lacking in flavor. Entrees. 3 Veal Chops 2 cooked perfection 1 so fatty it was sent back and taken off the bill $85.00 each for a veal chop good but certainly not $85.00 worth and thats ala carte.   How can you serve a fatty $85.00 chop though? ....  Rib Eye steak again massively overpriced ok but nothing special.  Two veal dishes with musrooms were ICE COLD and had to be sent back.. Came back hot next time but so quickly can't imagine they weren't just nuked.  Pasta with assorted shellfish was fresh if not bland and a bone in Fitlet migon was probably best thing on table.  A non bone in filet and $40.00 lobster tail again COLD you really have to be kidding here. Side dishes were in short aside from the garlic mashed potatoes a complete and utter disappointiment from the fried eggplant, to spinach with hot peppers BAD.Nice zeppoles and whipped cream for the birthday boy for desert.   Service was on but they simply coulnd't handle how busy they were.  Goes to show you, put branding on anything and you can sell Ice to Eskimos.  2K with tax and tip when all was said and done, it I have to be honest this was truly an untter and complete disappointment.  Probably worth 2 Stars but with these price points, a veal chop going back, two veal dishes ice cold, a lobster tail and filet cold for all the Zagat ratings, all the clippings and my fellow yelpsters I DO NOT UNDERSTAND all the high rankings.. This is a DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY place that will never see us again.
4	Wow these guys know and love their meats!!!  and their drinks too.  My 2nd time at this chain (previous one was their Hong Kong outpost).  This time I was dinning by myself so I couldn't partake of their uber large portions all by myself.  This time I got their mint rubbed lamb chops and boy was it great!  The double chop looks incredibly intimidating in its size but they grill it with the fat cap on so after cutting most of those away it looks and is more manageable.  Loved the flavor, the char, the tenderness and the flavor (which actually lacked the expected lamb-ness and tasted more like veal).  The lamb was perfect pairing for my Barolo at first until I took a bite of the English pea dish which was good but had too much lemon zest on it.  I wish the bartender who took my order would have caught that bad pairing and warned me.  Wasted a good glass of Barolo.  I only wish they could do half orders on some of the dishes.  You definitely don't have to eat for a day or so after coming here.
5	zomg!  this beef is simply the best that i've ever had.  there are apparently only three restaurants in the world that stock this beef and carnevino is one of them.  our waiter, like all LV waiters very strongly pushed a few dishes, but we were glad he did.  we had the beef cheek pasta and the bolognese dish, both were sumptuous with the perfect amount of bite in the pasta.  let's talk about the beef.  don't be daunted by the choices on the menu.  we wanted ribeye, but not the ribeye for two, which was definitely bigger than my head with my arm attached.  our waiter told us about a ribeye for ONE which we absolutely wanted.  how do i describe it?  we ordered it medium rare, and it looked red, but not bloody.  it truly was perfectly cooked.  the fat on the meat was so flavorful.  the texture was amazing.  i routinely buy grassfed, pasture raised organic beef and it does not even come close to this.  if you have a chance, PLEASE go to carne vino. you will not be disappointed. (other things that were great--the service, the sides were okay, extensive wine list)
5	Great service, nice ambiance, awesome octopus and a standard steak for the price you pay for it. For me, the steak was the weakest part of the meal, but by no means does that mean that it was bad. In fact, it was excellent, just nothing new. The highlight was the grilled octopus, soft and full of flavor. I also tried the gnocchi and yellow tail, both which were great, but not octopus level. We ordered a side of mashed potatoes, which came with a "super egg" as it was described to us. Apparently the chicken is only given a diet of flax seed and chrysanthemum flower. Whatever.. mixed into the potatoes it was awesome.
3	Really nice experience beautiful room and decor. Excellent service but as with many Vegas restaurants its darn expensive. Shared the Double Porterhouse ($160) with my friend. Meat was cooked perfectly and I thought leaving the bone for use to fight over was a great idea. Amuse bouche was a simple fried cheese ball, it was dry and badly needed a dip or sauce. Sides were good asparagus and spinach but the truffled mashed potatoes didn't really deliver on the truffle taste. They made a big deal about telling us it was REAL truffles not truffle oil but these truffles must have been old because they delivered ZERO truffle taste. I had high expectation for Carne I am a Mario Battoli fan but given the choice I would eat at CUT in the same hotel. Less Expensive, better tasting food.
4	Starters were lame,  but the steaks were bomb, the drinks were strong and the service was freakin great.  If you can afford it the porterhouse is the way to go all day
5	Classic fine dining. Pricey but well worth the cost for the amazing service and delightful food! Try the scallops in the blood orange sauce!
2	Don't believe the hype!I felt a little cheated and very unsatisfied by Carnevino.  Would you believe I left what is being called the "best steak in Las Vegas" wanting a steak?  Yep, that's exactly how I felt.I enjoyed almost everything about the place EXCEPT the steak.  Service was good.  Our waiter was attentive, recommended items etc.  The Sommelier seemed unprepared and really made no recommendations, even though I asked, other than confirming my choice of wines.The Gnocchi, we shared an order as an appetizer was delicious.  Light, creamy, fluffy. The Lardo, served with the fresh rosemary bread was delicious.Sides were yummy - fried Eggplant was the highlight and the roasted Beets were a real treat too.The sauces were lousy.  The Truffle vinaigrette, which was recommended by our waiter, was overly oily.  The Horseradish zabaione had no distinguishable flavor other than pepper.The steak, oh the streak.  $160 for 2.  We had the Porterhouse, described by the waiter as the be all end all of streaks.  In truth I found it tough and flavorless.  Not at all what we expected for $80 per person.  The fillet side was more tender but still lacked flavor.  Perhaps that's why they offer a choice of so many sauces to be paired with the steak and we just ordered the wrongs ones.  The sirloin side was tough (we ordered Medium, which came like Medium Rare, which we were told by the waiter would be the case.) But dry the streak seemed, just that.  I would have been happier simply ordering the Fillet of the menu.In short we left, having spent $450 for 2, and feeling fleeced.
2	Just don't go... The steak is why your going there and its not that good, we got both the special one that is aged a really long time and the porter house to try the different steaks... Add salt Service great, tuna great, lobster pasta great.... But we went there for steak! And no it was not great, not good, not ok... It was cooked correctly and served beautifuly. Go try somewhere else for steak.
4	Had a great business dinner for 20 at CarneVino this past week.  Great food, great service.  This place has been refined by Mario and Joe.  A++
3	I thought this place was going to be so much better than it actually was. It was ranked the best steakhouse in Las Vegas on a few sites and now I wonder if those sites were sponsored by Carnevino. It is a nice restaurant with great service. I tried the dry aged bone in ribeye, mashed potatoes, and beef cheek ravioli. We were warned the steak was a bit rarer than usual and what would usually be ordered medium-rare should be ordered medium. We took that advice and ordered the steak medium but it came out pretty much rare. The mashed potatoes were ok. I LOVED the beef cheek ravioli though, that was amazing. If you want a great flavorful steak with a nice crust, go to Wolfgang Puck's Cut instead.
1	The bland steak was not worth the price you paid. & to top off my experience here, the waiter messed up the amount on my check and charged me over $350 for my $60 bill. The restaurant fixed the issue but my bank couldn't release my money until my vacation ended. Complained to the manager but all he said was "it's not our fault". Are you serious? Your waiter clearly caused the problem in the first place. Thanks for ruining my last couple of days in Vegas Carnevino! Never coming back again.
5	Ultra nice, excellent food and the largest wine list Ive ever seen...service was unbelievable.
3	Our room deal included a $100 food credit at select restaurants, really more like a coupon since we had to use it all at once at one establishment. Lucky for a friend and I we were the only ones to arrive in time for dinner to use it (the rest of the weekend was preplanned) and decided to "splurge" at Carnevino. We really just wanted to try the food at a Mario Batali restaurant and this was the only one on the list for the food credit. Though the tables were all reserved on a Friday evening it was no problem getting a seat at the bar where we were able to order from the dinner menu though it's a bit weird to be eating at a "fine dining" establishment that looks out over the casino.We managed to order the right amount of food so that the total bill including tax came out to $100.53 - complete optimization of our food credit. Of course we paid tip in cash. Since we weren't interested in steak we went a little crazy on the lobster.....VENETIAN SPRITZ ($12) - Aperol liqueur, Prosecco, orange slice, olivecomes in a giant goblet and is very refreshingLOBSTER SALAD ($32) - brioche, lemon & spring vegetablespretty good though overpriced as expectedSPAGHETTI AI FRUTTI DI MARE ($31) - slightly spicy with clams, giant shrimp, lobster, and calamarididn't think the seafood was as good as in the lobster salad, some of it felt mealy, pasta was perfect though we could have used more, half the dish was the seafood, i mean really, pasta isn't that expensive just throw in some more!ROASTED BEETS WITH PISTACHIOS AND GORGONZOLA ($9)not a very interesting preparation since the pistachios were left whole so therefore you couldn't eat it together with the beets, perhaps they could have chopped the pistachios so it stud on the beets, also not very much gorgonzola, could barely see it let alone taste itFRIED EGGPLANT WITH TOMATO & RICOTTA ($9)a very simple and elegant preparation of eggplant though again there was hardly any cheese involvedWould I come here without my food credit footing the bill? Probably not.
5	This is a place that's known for steak, so that's what I came here to try.From previous recommendations, we ordered the beef cheek ravioli and the bone-in Ribeye for 2.I'm going to keep this review short and simple:Beef cheek ravioli:  This alone is enough reason to come here.  It's an off-menu item that should definitely be on the menu!  The pasta is cooked so perfectly as well while the beef cheek stuffing is so rich and flavorful.Ribeye for Two:  We chose to have the ribeye cooked medium rare and it was cooked to perfection!  And with regards to seasoning and higher quality cuts of meat, less is definitely more.  They cut and serve the ribeye tableside while only finishing it off with a little bit of sea salt and olive oil to bring out the beef's natural flavors.  This was about 32 oz worth of meat and I had no problems finishing off my portion since it was so delicious.It's definitely a little bit on the pricier side, but if you've got a special occasion then treat yourself here!
4	The food was really good. We had the fried calamari--probably the best I've ever eaten. My husband and I split the bone-in ribeye for 2. The medium rare was really rare so make sure and clarify this with the waiter. My husband thought the steak was too salty; I thought it was fine. The sides we had were the mashed potatoes and eggplant. Both were superb. We split a tiramisu for dessert. It was delicious. I had a lemony flavor to it. The only drawback was the loud music. If you want a more quiet dining experience, ask to be seated in the wine room. We will do that next time. We went to MiX at Mandalay Bay last night and I would give it 5 stars compared to the 4 for Carnevino..
3	Call me a traditionalist, but I guess I prefer my steakhouses more American than Italian. The servers are attentive and well informed, which is always a plus. There is a definite table-side/performance component to dining here, which I am always a fan of. The beef cheek ravioli is exquisite; the aged balsamic glaze really elevates the dish to another level. That unfortunately is where the good times come to a halt. I am a big steak fan and was really excited about the prospect of having a "months aged" ribeye (3 if I remember correctly). They say an overwhelming majority of taste is actually based on smell and that couldn't be more true. No matter how good the meat tasted (ok, but more on that later), the smell of gym socks that had gone "months" without washing is all I could take in. The meat here is underdone as other people have already mentioned. I did tell our waiter that I wanted a deep crust and he still insisted I go medium, which was bloody as hell. If for some reason I were to return (not likely), I would probably opt for it well done. Overall, a good place, maybe worth going to once just to say you have tried it.
3	Just had lunch at Carnevino...sat at the bar. Ordered the insalata caprese and the beef cheek ravioli (off menu). Both were just decent, especially considering the price...I mean, $31 for a lunch portion of ~7 ravioli is a bit ridiculous, and I live in a high cost area and rarely experience "sticker shock". Service, however, was impeccable.
3	I'd really say a 3.5 star here.  Look, it is solid and you'll enjoy your meal.  But it isn't anything amazing that'll give you a food memory for the ages.  Family style for a group of different cuts was efficient and did the job, but there wasn't any steak, side, or dish that made me turn my head or illicit the usual DeNiro head bob of satisfaction.  Everything was just a solid B+ and I think, for the prices, you can get a much more unique food memory at some of the other high end restaurants in Vegas.
4	Hard to beat late-night eats like this.  Mario Batali, steakhouse, cocktails, thank you and good night.Located within the bowels of Palazzo, we were happy to find that this is open until midnight, allowing us to get a (hopefully!) great bite to eat before continuing the night.Their late night menu has a stripped down list of items to choose from - some quick hits like burgers, steak and eggs, and a selection of apps, salads and entrees.We started with the fried calamari, lightly crispy and very tender.I had the steak and eggs - a nice cut of steak (medium-rare), eggs and a whole bunch of fingerling potatoes.  I was full and happy for it.My buddy had the burger with fries.  I've never seen him so happy to eat a burger.They have a wide variety of Italian beers (most of which I'd never seen before, even in fancy craft brew bars) and cocktails, like the Honeyed Ginger Ale (Wild Turkey "American Honey" bourbon liqueur, ginger beer, fresh ginger) - so gingery it hurt.  But in a good way.Would go back here in a second for any beef-related cravings.
5	YUM!  I had my rehearsal dinner here this past weekend.  There were 10 of us at the table and the service was impeccable.  I ordered the creamy mashed potatoes with mascarpone cheese and a poached egg with bacon as a side. I will forever want an egg in my mashed potatoes from now on.  I also had the seafood pasta dish that had an entire lobster claw in it (the best meat around)!  I highly recommend the mint chip gelato for dessert, and the peach bellini for a drink.  Everyone enjoyed their dinner!  I would eat here again.
2	I was disappointed. Went with a large group of 14. The waiter recommended family style, which is fine. We gave him carte Blanche to bring food out. Everything was just ok.The  high lights: just the rib eye. Absolutely positively amazing. The service - awesome.The low lights: the grilled shrimp? So over cooked - way to dry to eat and believe it or not the foie on crostini... Simply because it wasn't a crostini at all, just a cold piece of Italian bread, not crunchy, still soft.You couldn't cut through it. And again everything else was just ok, . Nothing to write home about. It just didn't live up to my expectations of a Batalli place.
5	My stars:  (5=epic "best of") (4=really tasty and want to go again and again) (3=good and will go back once in a while) (2=fair, might return for a visit if there was some glimmer of hope) (1=avoid at all costs)Go or No?  GO!!!!Tease:   Iron Chef, Mario Batali's Italian Steakhouse is known to be one of the best there is.Why I went:  Because it just may be the best!When:  11/17/12Food:  We pretty much scrapped appetizers realizing that we wanted to be "all in" on the main course!  My wife and I were joined by 2 friends, and opted for a nice Nebbiolo wine for the table (Brandini).  It was reasonably priced at $30/bottle.  Very reasonable considering some of the other prices on the wine list!  Despite being directed to pricier bottles, my wife stuck to her guns, and kept the Nebbiolo.  I'm sure the sommelier had great ideas, but we just wanted to keep our drink costs reasonable.  For sides, we got the beef cheek raviolis (...simply melt in your mouth delicious!  They were perfectly cooked with a nice rich sauce.), broccoli, cauliflower, and market beans.  We needed some vegetables to balance out the meats to come!  The vegetables were all prepared simply and were tasty.  Having has some steak recently, my wife opted for the lobster, and she was thoroughly impressed.  It was prepared spot on, and presented well.  However, the star of the show is the steak!  Our friends got the rib-eye to share.  At $72, it's pricey...but SO worth it.  They were kind enough to share a bit with me, and it was spectacular!  I forget the exact size, but it was huge!  I got the house dry aged NY steak.  I had it prepared black & blue based on a discussion with our waiter.  He directed me well!  The steak was just superb!  Honestly, THE BEST NY CUT I'VE EVER HAD!  After all the wonderful mains and sides, we had no room for dessert.  The dessert was the steak!Service:   Excellent!  Our waiter, Gary C. simply rocked.  He explained everything in full detail and was happy to answer any questions.  All the bussers, hosts, and all were simply great.  The sommelier was also nice and knowledgeable, but we felt a little too much of a push for pricier bottles despite telling him that our price range was.  Not rude at all, but just a wee bit pushy.  However, that wasn't remotely a distraction from the wonderful overall services we had. Hints/Final thoughts:  Carnevino is arguably the best steakhouse in America.  I have been on 3 occasions, and every time it delivers flawlessly.  It is costly, but so worth every penny.
5	Impeccable service. Amazing atmosphere. Incredible food. The company I was with had pretty tame tastes in cuisine, so I had to go straight to the beef. The bone-in ribeye for 2 was by far the most amazing steak I've ever had... Something about the olive oil and sea salt drizzled over the steak after carving seemed so simple, yet it invigorated every taste bud at first bite.  This is definitely at the top of my to-do list the next time I'm in Vegas!  Kudos to Bastianich and Batali for creating such a masterpiece!
5	This place is soooo yummy!! me and my husband always stop by and have their cheese platter with their great tasting wines! the meat, cheese and wine selection is great!!
5	I am a fan of Joe Bastianich and Mario Batali, so when I walked by this restaurant in Vegas, I had to try it. The restaurant seating was full, so my husband and I opted to sit in the bar for a small late night dinner.The restaurant is nicely decorated and the staff is friendly. The service was a little slow, but we were seated in the bar area, so I'm not surprised. We had the ravioli with brown sage butter and the beef agnolotti. The ravioli was superb - seriously, I have never had anything like that before. It's an appetizer so it was just one large ravioli, but it was beautifully plated and was the perfect balance of salty sweet. Very unusual, and very delicious.The beef agnolotti was also excellent. The filling was rich and tender, the pasta was well cooked, and the sauce was simple and delicious.I wish we were hungrier so that we would have tried their steaks and sides. If the two dishes we had were any indication about the rest of their menu, I am sure it will be a delicious meal. I can't wait to go back.
1	Chew, Chew then search for a polite way to empty your mouth.  Their steaks were non-edible.  With 5 in our party and with a beautiful porterhouse and ribeye we started in with the expectation of an enjoyable meal.  After the first bite we began hoping the next would be better.  By the third piece I was only hoping for a piece I could swallow.  After complaining to the manager he wanted to give us free dessert.  I don't eat dessert.  I went there for the steak alone.   I told him we would give them another chance, after all everyone can have an off day.  After a long story about how they feed their cattle and prepare their steaks we received no resolve, no discount towards another meal...nothing.  The manager was arrogant enough to claim they could never have prepared a steak as we (5 of us) had claimed.  We have all eaten at the Palm, DelFresco, Morton's and others.  Mario Batalia should be ashamed of this experience we encountered and embarrassed by how his staff treated us.  For a good steak and dining experience, stay away from this restaurant.
5	We had a 5 hour layover in LV, and went for lunch. CarneVino did not disappoint, and we would go back there again for lunch.Steak tartare - Solid. Milder in flavor than others, but it works nicely. Good quality beef, that's for sure.Spago - It's neat because it's a 12 foot noodle in one piece. Lamb ragu sauce was great. We used some bread to soak it in. :)Bread was very soft on the inside with a nice crust. I'm not a bread lover, but this... mmmm... They also had a butter spread, as well as a pig fat spread. I actually liked the butter more, surprisingly.Service was fantastic. Haven't had better service anywhere, really. We had a "limoncello" made of blood orange instead of lemon to finish the meal. So much better than limoncello.
4	Wow wow wow. so much MEAT!!!I had the OCTOPUS and split the PORTERHOUSE. It was seriously too much meat I think I ate myself sick. I'm not complaining about the portion size at all! I'm just saying, I think I ate more than I could handle! My GF and her BF got the RIB EYE. It's massive, comes out with the bone and everything. They cut everything right in front of you. Next time, I want to try the LAMP CHOPS.Service was excellent. I loved our servers. This is a great place for people who enjoy a good piece of MEAT. Stay away vegetarians. Nothing for you here.
3	For what the steak is worth. I'm really 50/50 on it. Great sales talk though they got us with their $95 steak :) the wine was divine. We ordered a 2009 Malbec 23/glass. I would also recommend ordering their pasta they are decentz. It is pretty expensive. I say if you're looking to eat steak or if you want a variety of cuts there's Fogo de chao that comes with a side bar on the price included.
5	I don't give out 5 stars, but this was the best meal I have had in my life! It had all three components of a great experience, amazing atmosphere, fantastic food, superior service!! Yeah, it was pricey, but I would gladly pay it again for a meal like that. I am a real lover of tiramisu, and order it anywhere I go that has it.  I can honestly say that this was by far the best tiramisu I've EVER had! It wasn't the norm, but still blew all others away. The only reason I think about going back to Vegas is to have that dish.
3	This place is overrated. Way overrated. I thought it was just okay, which for a place that charges up the you know what, it's not acceptable.Our waiter knew the word no way too much. Almost any deviation from the menu we asked about, the answer was no.The pastas were tiny. The sides were tiny. The amount of meat on the steaks was subpar. And, they tasted decent, but not great.I had to use the bathroom at some point and it showed me how big this place is. And, any place that is this big, should not have one bathroom all the way in the back. I had to walk a quarter mile to get to it. Nuts.Don't go here. There are 4 other steak houses in the Palazzo alone. I would go to Cut if you want a spot in the Palazzo, or just a good spot in general.
5	this has been one of the best steakhouses I have been too. Its Obvious the prices are very high but its Vegas and everything is overpriced. The bone in rib eye for 2 was insanely good. I went this past Friday night and I couldnt have been happier. The scallop app and shrimp app was very tasty and cooked to perfection. The steak was med rare and it came out that perfect. The side of marscapone mash was one of the best i ave ever had. Decor inside was great and the wait staff was on top of everything.
5	Absolutely wonderful!! Took my wife for her birthday dinner. Were greeted by this server who has the most luscious beard in aall of vegas. Mind you he is not even that old. We try their grilled octopus which was cooked to perfection and their steak is simply phenomenal.I tried their linguine al fruite di mare which did not dissapoint with the grreat portion of seafood. Just too little of a pasta I guess.Great dessert combination and wonderful service. Absolutely must try for those of you who like to wine and dine.
2	I'm amazed that this is billed as a high end steakhouse.I had the fillet over $50 which was a not so amazing hunk of meat. It was just nothing special. The beets with Gorgonzola (one piece of Gorgonzola is hardly enough) was so much better than the steak. The place was freezing cold & waitress kept trying to push the cocktails.I told her as soon as I don't need a jacket ill order one. She did nothing about it.Wife had a pasta side, she has a small appetite. But the waitress was annoyed and kept trying to tell her it's tine.My wife said bring it and ill order more if needed. But she just had an attitude.Place also had the oddest selection of music.If I'm paying over $150 for dinner for two I expect a nice place (it was), good service(not), ambiance(music ruined he feel of the place), and GOOD FOOD! ( over $50 for a piece they called a fillet did not meet up to the specs.The burrata salad was good but I've had many other of similar and better quality for a lot less in LA.I'd never return.
4	I ate here last October for my birthday.  Made it a point months in advance to emphasize that I wanted the very long term aged prime steak...there were no guarantees, but I was told to keep calling and check.  Long story short, the waiter said yes, then he said no, then I asked for the manager, we spoke in private, and the manager made it right.  The steak was outstanding, as were the other dishes our party ordered.  The sommelier was very nice and I ordered some wine and brought some in...they were very good with me about all this. There were two other guests celebrating birthdays and there was confusion when it came dessert time with Happy Birthday (that can happen).  I would repeat based on the quality of the food, and the fact that the manager was a reasonable man.
3	We just returned from a week at Vegas where our year round healthy eating and exercise goes out the window as we go on a culinary tour of the Strip.Carnevino ended up being one of the more expensive meals which I understand Vegas, together with good food and good wine comes with a price but in this case the price did not match the experience! This was our third time at Carnevino and though I was looking forward to this the most , it ended up being the worst of my three times hereWe began with drinks, my husband had a beer and I went with the Sommelier recommendation and ended up with a truly fabulous wine! The decor wasbeautiful , the service attentive though devoid of any personalization  and the music, through perhaps odd to many given the formal setting, was great - Soundgarden!Food however was not so spectacular ! The Oysters we began with were good but were surpassed by those at Table 10, Morels, Bouchon and even Public House.  My husband had a four course tasting menu beginning with the Steak Tartare , followed by a pasta, aged steak and finally Tiramisu . He enjoyed it but noted that it heavily rubbed distracting from the meat and certainly not the winner on this trip! I has the lobster; a joke!! Smal, over cooked and rubbery - served on its own, no butter, no taste ! Charge me more and make it good : this was not good! Sides were not as good as previous visits ; the spinach which we had enjoyed in the past was left as it was slightly salty! The potatoes on the other hand bland .The tiramisu was like many others in Vegas: deconstructed to put in a glass with gelato taking the place of the traditional coffee soaked lady fingers! Personally I like standard tiramisu; the hit of cocoa being better than these cocoa nibs! If ended up being left! The biggest problem for me was the service - it was smooth, well executed but almost robotic! A little personality can turn a good meal into a great meal . Service was again surpassed in every other restaurant we ate at with the exception of  Otto Enoteca which funnily enough is another Batalli establishment It was just okay ; but considering it was the most expensive of our meals and was supposed in both food and service in several other Venetian restaurants I  not sure i will be back
4	My hunny and I wanted steak really bad, and he's been wanting to try dry-aged steak for a while, so here we are; at one of the top chefs, Mario Batali's restaurants. They were cleaning a few tables off so we sat at the bar and ordered drinks(blood orange cosmos) which were SO FREAKING GOOD!! They called us for our table and told us we had to close our tab at the bar first. We did that and they sat us in the overflow room right across from the main building. If your being frugal this is NOT the place, I repeat NOT the place. Very expensive, but they have deals for people sharing a steak. Best thing to do if you wanna save a bit of money here, is to go with someone and agree to which type of steak you both will be sharing. Don't worry it's a large steak so it will be enough. They have the steak deal but everything is ala carte. We both picked a side (asparagus and mash potato) and the sides are each enough for two people, so that got us a full meal. But back to the steak, OMGEEEE! DELICIOUS. It was so juicy and tender on the inside,slight crisp on the outside and so well flavored, and there's nothing like a medium cooked steak, mmm. The potato was probably some of the best I ever had.  Mascarpone guanciale(Italian cheese and bacon) mashed potatoes, it  came out with a poached egg on top and when the waiter brought it to the table, he popped the egg yolk and whipped it in. Man that was good. We shall return some day..
2	My first Batali/Bastianich experience and unfortunately it'll probably be my last. There's very little good I could find in my experience at Carnevino. First, the service was horrendous. After ordering a bottle of wine, the waiter poured us a glass, then took the bottle away from the table where we were left waiting 20-25 minutes for someone to bring it back to fill up an empty glass. We also had to ask for a basket of bread after realizing all the other tables except ours received one upon arriving. Food:Tagliatelle with Porcini Trifolati: Sauce was decent, pasta was overcooked. In a restaurant that's owned by these 2? Weird.Grilled Sweetbreads: Saved this place from getting 1 star. This dish was awesome. If you find yourself here and you like sweetbreads I'd highly recommend them. 16 oz New York Strip:  Four people at our table ordered it medium rare and they all came cooked a different way. Truly surprising and really unacceptable. One of the steaks felt and tasted like it had been sitting for at least 30 minutes. When we brought the inedible steak up to the waiter he didn't even blink when telling us we wouldn't be charged for it. The impression I got was that it happens all the time.In a place like Vegas where every world-class chef has at least one restaurant I would absolutely go somewhere else. I guess you could chalk my story up to "a bad night" but it really was dreadful. I expected better from Batali and Bastianich.
4	Hmmmm, more like 3.5, but I'm rounding up to 4 stars because the service was absolutely fantastic. When my sister and I came in here, we weren't sure what to expect. We were following our "When in Vegas, go all in" mantra so we decided to splurge on some Batali fare. I had the New York strip on the bone and my sister had duck. Both items were absolutely delicious. Nevertheless, we couldn't help but feel as if we might have overpaid for our meals. To royalty, corporate and inheritance snobs, this meal might just cost chump change. Not necessarily the case for us East LA cats. However, the service that we got from the staff was top notch and then some, so it made our visit quite comfortable. Will we be back? Probably not, unless we win the lottery. But it was a hell of a meal and experience.
4	ORDER THE STEAK!! It's amazing. Everything else we ordered on menu was good to very good.. But steak was outstanding. Service was four star.Truffle pasta: 4 starFried calamari: 3 starEnsalada romana: 4 starBuratta: 4 starOysters (surprisingly amazing: 5 starFilet mignon: + 5 stars
5	So why oh why is this place so poorly rated?! My boyfriend had to practically drag me here after reading the reviews on this place. When we arrived we were seated in a vaulted ceiling dining room with some old world type of decor. There is def a theme of bulls and beef all over this place. Our server Julio was awesome! He explained the menu and made a few recommendations. We over ordered as usual and started with the scallops appetizer. It was really REALLY good. Had a minty, limey (is that a word?) tang to it! Seared to a perfect crispy crust and a juicy center! My boyfriend is a huge fan of beef tar tar. I personally can't get over the fact it's raw. He ordered it and nearly ate every last bite! I also opted for a chopped salad which I honestly could of done without. It wasn't really anything special in my book. Since it is an Italian steakhouse we had to order a pasta dish. Our server told us of two specials and we went with a beef filled ravioli. YUMmmmyyyy! It had this truffle sauce with a basil topping....I could of had that for my whole meal!! Just went we were starting to feel full and mind you a little tipsy from wine, our baby came out! A shared 30/40 oz bone in ribeye which was cut and dived up table side by a guy who liked like he could carve up just about anything with a butter knife. Talk about skill! To be honest I like my steak a little more cooked than what came out but the end pieces were perfect for me! My boyfriend cleared his plate and I took a stab at the bone. There was some crispy delightful little pieces that clung to the bone for dear life. It's needless to say that they did not live for long! We finished with some port wine and a chocolate peanut butter torte. It was like a candy bar on steroids! I've used the word yummy way to many times in this review but the words to describe what it tasted like escape me as my mouth remembers that full flavor. We ended with some desert wine which was great but I can't remember the name of it. Over all I was impressed with the service, the decor was kinda whatever but the food was really memorable! We spent a good 3 hours dining and I enjoyed every part of it! Highly recommend this place!!
5	Stupidly great food. Killer wine list. Beautiful room. Superb service.  What's not to love?
4	This is the second time I have been here. Was a 5-star the first time. This time, the food was still impeccable, the service was friendly, but a few issues:1) We were celebrating a birthday, and one friend could not make it. He did surprise us by getting us a bottle of wine with an accompanying note. I really appreciated that the restaurant accommodated this; however, the person who brought the wine and read the note did so while one of our party was in the restroom, and it just happened to be the birthday boy. No excuse for not waiting until our entire party was there to bring that over.2) The pacing was not consistent. After we were seated and with drinks, we ordered appetizers. They brought out the bread (use the lardo); shortly after that, the appetizers. Then the pasta course. Maybe 10-15 minutes between each. Then about a half hour wait for our entrees (brought by runners) and then a half hour at least until we got the check. After they brought the pasta course, our server was no where to be seen for about an hour, and no one asked it we wanted another round of drinks, bottle of wine, etc. before or during our entrees.Don't get me wrong, this is a phenomenal restaurant and the food is fantastic, but at a place like this with the prices we paid I expect near perfection, and this time there were a few glitches that prevented me from rating this 5 stars. I'm sure I'll visit again, and would definitely adjust this to 5 stars if these kinks were worked out.
1	I work in the industry and I never wrote any reviews but this was the worst experience in my life!Caprese was delicious and this star is for the salad cause the rest was a nightmare.$50 for filet that appeared to be sitting on the pure white plate just by itself. I mean nothing, literary nothing but a filet on the plate. Side of eggplants was tasteless! Duck breast was served with duck confit, that was over cooked. Both duck and filet came up with a wrong temperature. We decided to spend dessert money in some other place and left. Horrible restaurant!
5	A-MAZING! My husband took me to CV for my birthday (in June) and it was perfection!! The service was top-notch, the ambiance was upscale, but comfortable (they had Beck on really low, which was such a cool background selection), and the food...the food was fantastic!!! We started with octopus and cocktails, then spaghetti frutti di mare, we shared the magnificent, outrageous, perfectly seasoned and cooked ribeye for two accompanied by mashed potatoes, and then a lovely dessert sampler. Don't even bother with the sauce options-they were good (we got Borolo and truffle) but not even necessary; the steak was outstanding. Insane wine list, which we didn't delve in to, still a good by-the-glass selection too.
5	Carnevino has some of the best food in the city without a doubt.  The Ricotta and Egg Ravioli with Brown Butter is probably my favorite appetizer in the city.  Everything is good here, but the Lambs chops are my favorite.  They are cooked the way they are supposed to be, all the fat oozing and gristling (if that's a word) in with the meat to make for some super juicy stuff.  They have full service at the bar, and that's where I recommend going.
4	Memorable dining experience! The service was five star impeccable. Warm and knowledgeable, and made the experience so special for hubby's 50th birthday... We took the waiters suggestion and ate family style. Incredible antipasti... A selection of unctuous cheeses with a beautifully floral honey, figs, and fruit, warm bread, beef carpaccio with balsamic drizzled arugula, artisanal salumi, and to die for octopus, the most flavorful and tender I've ever enjoyed. (The server said its due to brining with the addition of corks to the mix!)The 100 day aged beef lives up to every single day... Like a completely different animal, so flavorful and delectably tender, carved table side in incredibly generous proportion.The dessert course was heavenly in conclusion polenta cakes, crepes, and chocolate raspberry cake.Excellent wine list, we had a beautiful red with the beef, and toasted with an excellent service of Roederer champagne..Glass half empty:One less than five stars for the ambiance.. Bone crunching hard rock/metal from Mario Batali's choice of playlist destroys conversation and mood. Fine in the kitchen, grossly disruptive in the dining room. There was also a distinctive lack of intimacy in the dining room, soaring ceilings a la Italian castle and then seated in a near empty dining room away against the wall near the bathroom made us feel like we were in the dungeon.I called ahead with 2 requests, since this was a special occasion, neither we're fulfilled.. I asked for 2 bottles of champagne to be iced and ready at the table for a toast, and my husbands name was to be added to the Happy Birthday prescripted on the plate... Didn't happen...
5	I won't bore you with details or bad grammar...I've been here 4 times and have had the reserva real ribeye(240 day aged) everytime...coming for a restaurant owner and chef,this is by far the best steak experience I have ever had... hands down, the best....service,music and atmosphere are kick ass...if you are wanting a TRUE steak experience I highly recommend...if not,got to your typical steak joint that is available at every casino...Overall- Good Pull
5	5 stars for our bartender Cooper and our food! This is my second time here and I can't wait to come back. We sat at the bar and we got the blood orange Cosmo which was delicious and strong. And then we had calamari which was so lightly breaded and tender with spicy marinara sauce. It was delicious especially their complimentary dinner roll that came with some type of garlic butter and home made butter. Cooper was amazing, attentive, funny, and easy going. In fact all the staff was the same. The food was only $20 and our Cosmo came out to $14 and all so worth it! The place is so nice and calm. This is my type of place.
5	As a self proclaimed foodie I was very excited to check out Carnevino and WOW, it completely exceeded all of my expectations!  I must say if you are visiting this restaurant you need to ask for the server MJ, he walked us through the menu and every suggestion was spot on to what we were looking for and he was incredibly knowledgable from the wine to the dishes and provided the highest level of service.  (Even came back from the restroom with folded napkins -little details of service matter!) My husband and I love eating out and if you are looking for great quality food, awesome music, ambiance and exceptional service, do yourself a favor and go here.  MJ suggested wonderful options from the grilled octopus and prosciutto to wonderful handmade pasta to our favorite the bone in ribeye for two OMG, you haven't had "steak" till you have Carnevino steak.  By far an all around winner, thanks Carne and our server for making this experience one for our favorite food experiences ever!  Will definitely be back!
4	Carnevino is a fantastic place for Italian-inspired steaks and other proteins. The superb aged steaks are expertly prepared. There is the option of a variety of sauces to top the steaks. The lamb was also delicious. For those who are less meat-centric, there are interesting antipasti and pasta. I love the clams with pancetta and fresno chili brodetto (broth). They have menus to accommodate those with allergies or food sensitivities, including gluten free. They are a "Green Certified" restaurant which includes no bottled water. Service was impeccable. I did not like the loud rock music that seemed to be unusually loud for a restaurant of that caliber.
2	Dinner started pretty great with outstanding warm ciabatta, great steak tartar and arugula salad. However that's when all the greatness stopped and disappointment followed. Lamb chops we ordered were so overly covered in fat I was under the impression they forgot to trim them at all, my duck breast had skin that lacked any crispness and duck confit was so over salted it was tendered inedible. To add insult to injury all sides were extra as meat comes with nothing at all. Mashed potatoes were so bland I started thinking they came out of the instant potato pouch, however roasted beets with Gorgonzola were great. We skipped deserts after being so disappointed with our main courses and headed to Aquanox in the Venitian to satisfy our sweet tooth. I have to give credit to the management as they did not charge me for the duck and service overall was good. That's the only reason this restaurant is getting 2 stars in my book instead of one.
1	If this were a few months after it opened, I would have given five stars.  Now this place is a shadow.  Service is poor, prices are super high, and they have no clue how to cook meat.  Last two times everything comes out rare, regardless of what you order.  I always order medium well, last two times the meat is pretty much purple/red inside.  Sent it back both times and they returned with charred bits.  The second time I asked to speak with a manager, after expressing my displeasure with the porterhouse and he said that my party had eaten enough (roughly 2 pieces between 3 people ~10-15%) to be charged and they would do nothing about it on the bill.  In my 30 years of eating out, I have never felt compelled to not leave a tip.  I not only left no tip, but the remainder of the destroyed porterhouse.  Don't mind overpaying for a quality meal/experience, but Carnevino is not worth the hassle.  Give me a break Mario.
4	Mick Jagger once said "anything worth doing is worth overdoing". So while in Vegas, I decided to send my taste buds on a ride and Carnevino was the vessel by which to do that with. We were seated in a back area surrounded by walls filled with numerous wine bottles. The waiter went over their specials and suggested some good wine to start us off with. With our wine, he brings us these amazing cheese zeppole's to start our dining adventure.For the antipasti, we went with the Arugula salad. The arugula was peppery and contained Coach Farm triple cream, trumpet royale mushrooms, and pickled onions. The dressing was just tart enough to awaken the taste buds and I knew the rest of the meal was going to be fantastic after how this tasted.For my main course, I opted for the 16oz. bone-in NY Strip. Cooked medium rare, this chunk of heavenly delight was dry-aged to perfection and had a nice rub consisting of sea salt, black pepper and fresh rosemary. The slightly charred crust of the steak and the juiciness of the steak gives Carnevino a place in my all-time favorite restaurants. I added a gorgonzola marscapone sauce to accompany the meat but I did not think the meat needed it. I had maybe a couple of bites with it but the meat was so delicious I felt I was doing it a disservice.While the steak was an experience in and of itself, Carnevino's sides were also delicious. We had the Italian broccoli with house smoked pork. The broccoli was a little more tart than regular broccoli but the waiter warned us about that. We added the marscapone & guanciale mashed potatoes and also indulged in a side of fregula, pecorino romano & corn. Taste bud overload was not done because a side of fried eggplant with tomato & ricotta finished things off. All were delicious, but the fregula and eggplant stood out from the crowd.For dessert, we had the Tiramisu. Containing cocoa nibs and homemade marscapone, it was the perfect finale to an amazing meal. I am not naive enough to say Carnevino is the best in town. No. Instead, I will say that if you are looking for an amazing steak, great ambience, friendly service and an experience one can only get in Vegas, then this is one of the better places.
5	Was on the way out of LV. Sat at the bar. Ordered the dry aged strip and the broccoli. Really tasty. Nice italian beer that i later discovered had been paid for by the restaurant. Thank you for the amazing experience. See you soon.
5	I almost don't want to write this for fear of the secret getting out, but here goes. Forget a table. Sit at the bar and enjoy your dinner alongside the fantastic bartenders. Even better, let them choose your dinner for you. You will likely end up with items that aren't even on the menu, like the to-die-for beef cheek ravioli.My husband and I celebrated our third wedding anniversary here last month. It was our second visit to the restaurant in two years. That's how great the food and service are...despite the number of fine dining establishments in Vegas that we have yet to visit, we returned to this gem. We had reservations and enjoyed cocktails at the bar while waiting for our table. Cooper and his team behind the bar kept us entertained and made us feel right at home, so when we learned we'd be seated late, we opted to stay right where we were. It was an excellent decision. No need to go into major detail...quite simply, we put our trust in Cooper and he did not disappoint. Carnevino is now on our list of must-visit establishments every time we return to town.
3	Carnevino is a good steakhouse.The one thing I did notice that the waiters did a good job at was the art of "upselling" which wasn't necessarily coercion or strong armed but a somewhat continual, not necessarily aggressive, but reminders of the fixe menue higher priced items and the "per person" (so, to some if you see $80 for a steak but don't read the "per person" you might actually be better off with the $60 steak on your own than sharing one for $160).  So, the service was friendly, and attentive, but I just thought, knowing the restaurant business, the staff are trained to route patrons to raise the AOV (average order value) per customer, and the efforts seemed apparent, 'tho not in an offensive way, more in an obvious subtle way of them just doing their job.For that reason, I'd say the food is excellent and deserves * * * * for sure, it's right up there with CUT, Delmonico's, Prime, SW, and the rest of the high end steakhouses in Las Vegas.But, I think in terms of the pricing and value, I'd take the rating down a notch.  If Yelp allowed 1/2 stars, I'd make this a 3.5 - - and granted my rating system is where: "* * *" (three star) is GOOD, solid and nice, even recommend or come back to "* * * *" (four star) is GREAT, that I'd highly recommend to others"* * * * *" (five star)  is a knock your socks off totally AWESOME, * *" (two star)  is merely Okay, but still not bad and I'd go back to again."*" (one star) is given where something outright offended me, usually based on service and a lack of effort.  So, Carnevino is good, bordering on great.The venue is nice at the Palazzo.  I generally love the area of The Venetian, Palazzo, Encore and Wynn.  The restaurant itself has a good vibe to it, not too loud or crowded feeling.I had the Porterhouse to share.  The fillet portion was pretty small, and the New York side was good.  I sort of felt or speculated for the $160 for 2, I could have actually eaten the entire steak myself for 1, and we may have been better off ordering separately the NY and the Filet Mignon for either a lower cost or a bigger portion (maybe not dry aged to the bone as the marketing hype machine says, but I'm sure tasty nonetheless).
4	Located in the Palazzo Hotel and Casino, owners Batali and Bastianich's Carnevino stays true to its billing as an Italian steakhouse. The menu is varied and has some unique options, including a grilled octopus starter and a 20oz bone-in veal chop, both of which were superb. The service on the other hand was weaksauce. After ordering dinner and a (very expensive) bottle of wine, we didn't see our server again until dessert. Overall, decent food, but if you're looking for attentive service you may want to look elsewhere.
5	Pre-Appetizers:-Amuse Bouche-Rosemary FoccaciaAppetizers:-Orecchiette with sweet sausage and broccoli rabe.  -Beef cheek ravioli with aged balsamic vinegar (off the menu). Sides: -Market beans with house smoked pork.  -Marscarpone and guanciale mashed potatoes with a poached egg, bacon, and freshly shaved black truffle.  Shared Entree:-40 oz medium rare 100 day dry aged bone-in ribeye for 2.Dessert:-Chocolate & peanut butter torte with peanut brittle and salted caramel.That was the progression of our amazing meal at Carnevino. Everything was scrumptious, but the steak in particular was everything and more than I had hoped for when I picked this Mario Batali restaurant.  The waiter brought the ribeye whole and on the bone to our table and carved it table-side.  The outside of the steak had a wonderful crust and it was tender, juicy, and perfectly cooked on the inside.  The steak paired perfectly with the mashed potatoes.  Note that the shaved black truffles were an extra $10 but it was worth it.  The market beans were my least favorite part of the meal.  They weren't bad, but they definitely weren't worth my valuable limited stomach space that I was trying to squeeze everything else into.The beef cheek ravioli and the chocolate and peanut butter torte also deserve extra shout outs.  The beef cheek ravioli (thanks Yelp reviewers for recommending asking for that!) was very good, but the aged balsamic vinegar really made it a great dish.  The peanut butter torte was smooth with a very wonderful crunchy base.All in all, we walked away ridiculously full, happy, and sleepy.
3	I get that Batali likes to listen to heavy rock music while cooking but that isn't my choice, nor the choice of the majority when dining and you're popping $160 for a steak or $300 for a bottle of wine.  The music ruined what would have otherwise been an experience more memorable for the food rather than concert pounding beats of a metal band that we twice had to request be turned down because we were screaming at each other across the table.  Put a sign at the door to at least forewarn people of what they'll need to expect and tolerate.  When we spoke to our wait staff about this they said they received complaints everyday and that it was really embarrassing....it's not cute or endearing Mario - grow up and don't be so indulgent.  Lest you forget who's paying your bills - which by the way, won't be us again.
1	Oversold, overpriced and undercooked.  Very disappointing   especially for the price - Had the 144 dollar Ribeye for 2.   Waiter used bare fingers to sprinkle salt on steak at table - Steak had too much grizzle and fatty.  Staff is well trained to sell you on the most expensive but don't fall for it.  Eggplant appetizer was very good though.
5	OMG. If you aren't coming here-consider yourself missing out! Everything was perfect!! Everything.
3	For the price point, the serving size, and the way things were prepared I am not going to give this a very high rating. While the food was delicious, I didn't feel that there was anything that much more special than any other steak restaurant.
2	Overpriced for food & level of service. A lot of steakhouses in Vegas to choose from, & I've eaten at plenty...this doesn't make a top 10 list.We were there for 2hr &15 min. Salads & entrees. I understand fine dining takes longer & appreciate why it does, but I was amazed at the slowness of our service. It was 40 minutes before our orders were taken. Waters were rarely refilled & at this price point usually there is a waiter behind you waiting to fill you up ASAP.Filet was really good. So I'll give it 2 stars for that...but def wouldn't go back.
2	Carnevino is terribly overrated. Somehow people get to thinking that as long as the food is expensive and some food network chef opened it, that it has to be good, but this is such an unnatural way to think. Of our meal, the squid ink pasta was the highlight with a bit al dente to the noodle. But the steaks we had were terrible. We ordered the bone in filet and it was just overcooked, despite being "medium rare" and without much flavor. The portions are also very small. I definitely do not understand the hype and would not recommend Carnevino
1	Quick note-my star ratings are always based on the food, period. You can  literally go and look at the pricing on any menu in the world and decide if you want to pay $72 for a ribeye.  The exact price is available to all of us. Yelp is to help us understand what we are getting for that $72. Service should be noted in the review but not the star rating in my opinion.  Too variable even at the same restaurants. So I note it, but don't rate on it. Short review-Carnevino is a giant fail at the first part of their name, the beef. Not only isn't it close to what a high end restaurant should be serving, my own home cooking is much, much better than the beef my two friends and I received.  The rest of the food we got was very good to great, especially the pasta, but I will note that even for those dishes there are much better options on the strip.  Certainly cheaper ones, though again that didn't factor in to the one star rating.Longish review- Carnevino started off quite well.  Their house bread was very good, they serve it with butter or pork fat and my friend loved the pork fat option.  Amuse Bouche was a cheese ball, not very good. Dry.  We got lobster tail and scallops as appetizers, both very good, definitely expertly cooked.  The pasta was excellent, ravioli with egg, ricotta and brown butter was great and the anolini with lobster and tarragon I'd eat again in a heartbeat. Understand that although they claim these are served "family style" there isn't much there in each plate. 1 large ravioli. 7 small anolini. We also ordered the gnocchi, but only just before the entrees were set to come out. The waiter actually looked annoyed by my request, then recovered and said ok.  My friend asked me if I had received his permission?  The gnocchi itself was probably below average, but I'd eat it again. The entrees were the disaster here. I got short ribs, my friends got the filet and a NY Strip respectively. All were at that quality level where you are in the supermarket and you talk yourself into a subpar cut because it's on sale... Then later you are kicking yourself. One of my friends works at a meat lab, he knows his stuff. He asked the waiter what BBL Beef is. The waiter explained at length, and when he walked off my friend explained that he should've just said "sub-prime". My short rib was both dry and incorrectly braised because it still had pockets of stringy fat on it.  They make you pay $5 for sauce, which I used liberally because it was very tasty, but more to moisten the short rib.  Tom Colicchio isn't losing any sleep about Battali stealing his short rib crown. Bleah. If this were the only restaurant in your hometown, I'd say take a fat wallet and go for the pasta. Since this is in Las Vegas, I'd say go to any number of better options. Craftsteak. Delmonicos. Stripsteak. I could go on and on.  No need to risk it here, and no need to pay so dang much either.
3	Setting / Ambiance was excellent. High ceilings, great decor, perfect lighting. Impressive.Service: Overall except, instead of the "how is everything" drop-by, ask specifically whether the steaks are cooked to your liking, etc.Apps / bread: fantastic. Except, the server indicated the portions are good for sharing. Hmm...not really. Wine: Wow, sensory overload but you can find something you like based on region and price point. Side dishes: Just okay. Actually, not good. The brussel sprouts were overcooked, dry and charred. The mashed potatoes were good (the drop a poached egg on it). Fries were dry and overcooked also.Main meal:  Interesting disclaimer by the server: "We cook our steaks one degree rarer than normal. If you like your steaks medium, we suggest ordering medium well."  I simply can't understand the logic here. I thought steak temps were universal?  Obviously, not here. Anyway, we do as the server suggest. Except when the 16 oz NY Strip arrives, it is rare to medium rare.  We wanted medium and asked for medium-rare.  Between 3 guys, we ordered the bone-in veal chop ($85) and the dry aged bone-in ribeye ($144).  The veal chop was stupendous. The most expensive item on the menu - the bone-in ribeye was borderline awful. We ordered it medium (because we wanted it medium rare) and it came out borderline rare.  Everyone at the table tried it and agreed that each bite took too much effort.  It's taken me less time to finish a 12oz sirloin at Outback than to finish of 3 bites of this steak.  I simply do not understand how you can spend so much on a steak and be disappointed.  But it happened.  There you go...over-rated and expensive.  I don't mind spending that much for a meal...but it has to be worth it.  Recommendation to my fellow Yelpers....go elsewhere.
2	We sat in the bar after work one day for dinner. My husband ordered the osso bucco and I had the Frutti di Mare. My pasta was ok, nothing special, but the osso bucco was utterly disappointing. The saffron orzo was bland and the osso bucco was dry with no sauce. For the price we were paying and the Mario Batali name, we were so underwhelmed.
3	Batalli does meat!I have been to several Mario Batalli restaurants. So I came in with high expectations. Carnevino was good. The $72 shared ribeye looked like it would make the Flintstones car tip over. It was very nice. So were all the rest of sides and appetizers. Overall, everything was great. It was not outstanding. For the same price I would go to Delmonico or Cut and be blown away. Dont get me wrong, if you want a nice meal, this certainly was a good choice. But it just not wow, especially for that price.
5	Bone in ribeye was delightful. I was in meat overload. The wine paired perfectly with our entire meal. The staff was exceptional. Our waiter was really funny and kept our table engaged the entire time. All in all two thumbs  up.
2	Disappointing!  Mediocre steaks and icky mashed potatoes.  Also, steak knives were dull and made eating difficult.  Service was excellent but even that couldn't make up for overpriced under flavored food.
5	I have to admit its been a few years since I've been here, but I still fantasize about the Ribeye. I've had steak and never understood the big deal until my visit - and its a BIG DEAL. The steak was an experience and vacation all wrap in the most incredible meal of my life. This would be the meal I would request if I was on deathrow and it was my last meal-Dry rub ribeye and Peach sorbet. Thank you Mario Batali (apologies if I misspelled your name)
1	The beet ravioli was gross, my hubby's steak needed salt, and service was slow. At least the waiter comped the ravioli since he was the one who suggested it. Won't be back.
2	I brought a party of twelve here for a business dinner. They placed us at the most oddly shaped table in the place that didn't accommodate conversation. The steaks also had several issues as many arrived prepared incorrectly, mine included. The wine list is great but the price points are nearly double retail. Overall, very very displeased.
1	NOT recommended. HIGHLY Overrated. My review may have been different if we had beef, however, BATALLI restaurant.. HELLO!!!. It started with my wife ordering a Spanish Coffee with a return, deer in the headlamps gaze, and I, a Chopin Vodka. she was brought a cup of coffee with the  booze in a glass and an apology, " we don't have whipped cream". I was simply told that we don't have Chopin...I simply asked for anything potato (not a snob, just like potato vodka). Another apology...we don't have potato vodka...ok, Stoli on the rocks.OK, on to the food...we ordered Scallops that came to the table cold and undercooked, my wife ordered the Italian Sausage pasta (ORECCHIETTE) and I the Lobster pasta (ANOLINI) and a side of Broccoli. My wife's pasta was undercooked but otherwise had good flavor, the ANOLINI was just bland and the portion just to small as an entre, the Broccoli was over cooked to the point that you could not cut it with the knife provided, and was tasteless. YES, my expectations were high, anyone with a TV should have high expectations as well...So, sorry to say, the only memorable thing about this experience was not forgetting to write this review when we got home.
5	Absolutely unbelievable! Mario Batali and Joe Bastianich aren't messing around when it comes to food and service! We tried quite a bit on the menu and it seemed like everything we tried ended up being the "Best food we've ever tried!" I highly recommend giving it a try if you're planning a dinner in Vegas!
5	Carnevino is the best Steakhouse in Vegas, probably in the world!! Lol. Seriously though this is the only restaurant in the world dry aging their steaks anywhere from 2-11 months, besides the one in Hong Kong. It is literally something you can't get anywhere else in America. And it's worth every penny!!  I live in Hawaii and have dined here the last two times I visited Vegas and will probably keep going back. First off I would like to address (or rant,sorry) a few things about this place and to help you figure out if Carnevino is the place for you!!    First, Just like any other steakhouse in Vegas Carnevino is not cheap.  I won't say how much I spent here but you can go to their website and see the prices and see if  it's in your price range. This literally takes a few minutes to help you know what you are getting yourself into. I will point out that the prices listed for pastas are for smaller portions and that appetizers can usually be shared between 2-3 people. Steaks have a high price point because of the exclusivity of the steak of course and also because a lot of product is lost during the dry aging process, but this is necessary to get that great dry aginess(?). Which brings me to my next point.   Please know what dry aged steak is!! I am no expert on this and I know you don't want me to cut and paste a Wikipedia article on here, so I'll assume you'll be able to look it up if you don't know what it is. This also literally takes a few minutes. Dry aged steaks are not for everyone. It is completely different from steaks you will get at a store or even a steakhouse chain such as Morton's or Ruth's Chris, not that these aren't good steakhouses just that they don't dry age their steaks. When I see reviews saying that it taste like cheap supermarket steak or that they can cook a steak better I just shake my head. If you can cook a steak better why go to a steakhouse?! How do you cook something that you cannot possibly find at a supermarket!? From my experience Carnevino's steak is like no other.   Third, if tenderness is what you're looking for I suggest finding a place with a Wagyu selection such as Cut or Craftsteak. To me personally, steaks aren't worth paying a huge price for unless they are dry aged. At Craftsteak I payed around $200 a person for the American Wagyu tasting menu which was in my opinion just regular tasting steaks.   Everything else Tom Colicchio sent out though was amazing. On a side note, if you YouTube Craftsteak it will show you how they butter poach their steaks and if you cook one and compare it it tastes exactly the same. I have not had the pleasure of dining at Cut but I hear great things. They do offer wet aged steaks which are typical steaks, dry aged steaks, American Wagyu, and even Japanese Wagyu steaks.  Might have to go here on my next visit. On another side note, did you know Wagyu steak is intended more for texture rather than a beefy steak taste.  The Japanese intend for Wagyu to melt in your mouth, just as a great piece of Toro does, not so much for a huge beef flavor.   These are just a few things to keep in mind when deciding if you are down to try Carnevino. Ask your server about the riserva, they should have it, order it, enjoy knowing that this is something enjoyed only two places in the world, and then thank me!! Hahha   P.S. Service was excellent when I ate here. The server brought out white truffles for us to ooh and ahh at. Don't know how busy it gets but I'm sure they will try to make your dinner special. But if you're high maintenance, complain, or tip bad do everyone a favor and just always stay home!!! Hahhahahha server humor!!
4	Amazing restaurant, great time, incredible STEAKS! They do steaks and wine really well.What we ordered for a group of 5:Apps:Beef carpaccio- fantastic! ORDER THIS!Brushetta- no tomato, it's different spreads but delish!!Calamari- I would skip this...had betterPasta: black fettuccini- greatOrricchette w/ sausage- so good, favorite pasta.Sides:Mushrooms w/ onions- greatFries- good flavorMashed potatoes w/ mascarpone and poached egg- so different and amazing! TRY THESE!MEAT:BONE INE RIBEYE FOR 2- BEST! Ordered it medium and came a little less than medium. The meat was fantastic all the way thru. Best part was the bone and you can eat it like a rib!Filet mignon- delishLamb chops- incredible!They bring you rolls with 2 spreads. One is butter, the other is whipped pork fat with rosemary, thyme, garlic, salt and pepper. TRY IT! It's so good we wanted to lick the ramekin.I started off a little bugged because we had to wait almost 30 min after our reservation time to be seated. So we went to the bar and something about the bartender rubbed me the wrong way. He got us our drinks and kind ofnignored us for some customers that seemed like regulars. That's kind of rude.The servers who helped us at our table were AWESOME! Helen, Danielle, Goose, and Daddi were great! Thank you!OVERALL COMMENTS: very nice restaurant for a hefty price, but worth it for a special occasionl
5	Items selected:AranciniRosemary Focaccia with Butter and Lardo5 Puttonyos Royal TokajiMascarpone and Guanciale Mashed Potatoes with a poached EggFried Eggplant with Tomato and RicottaCreamed Corn with Picked JalapenosProsciutto di Parma Riserva with FigsFried Calamari - marinara and pickled hot peppersShrimp alla Diavola in the style of CalabriaGnocchi with Gorgonzola, Mushrooms, Pine Nuts, and SageSpaghetti Al Frutti di Mare with Clams, Shrimp, Lobster, CalamariBeef Cheek Ravioli with Brown Butter and 25y aged BalsamicDry Aged BBL Bone-In Ribeye for 2 (x3) - 132oz of 64 day dry aged beefPan Seared Duck Breast with Figs, Averna, ConfitFoie Gras and BaroloDouble EspressoCHOCOLATE & PEANUT BUTTER TORTE peanut brittle and salted caramelPOLENTA CAKE peaches, grapes and whipped creamNUTELLA FRITTERS candied hazelnuts, vanilla bean gelatoHaving visited Carnevino once prior with old friends at lunch I was admittedly excited to return when the same group I'd dined with at Gordon Ramsay Steak the night prior invited me to join in on a meal that expected to trump the prior visit considerably.  A large space with soaring ceilings, heavy woods, and smooth marble befitting both a Vegas Steakhouse and the Italian Chef/Restaurateur backing the venture it was at the bar that our evening began while a large table was cleared in the larger back room and with excellent cocktails and a superlative wine list it would not be long before we were seated, drinks in hand - the subsequent two and a half hours awash in food, cocktails, wine, stories, and laughs with servers who kept pace amicably.  Beginning with appetizers and progressing through perfectly pastas, lightly prepared proteins, interesting sides, and thankfully dainty desserts with a main course of nearly 8lbs of aged super-prime beef from Adam Lang plus supple duck and a hefty piece of foie gras poached in Barolo it would be difficult to imagine any "steakhouse" putting on a better performance than what we experienced that evening and although such a meal invariably comes with a substantial tab, particularly on the Vegas Strip, this was a night of excess worthy of the expense and without a doubt a night to remember.
3	Went back to do a family style dinner with some friends.  We shared the a few dishes plus some sides.  Our favorite was the rib eye with the bone-in. Two of my friends grabbed that big ol' bone and just chomped down on it  - meat is always tastiest around the bone.  Service was just excellent.Dinner for 4 for $295 which included 3 cocktails excluding tip.
4	Great service and food. The Spaghetti Di Marre was excellent, as were the mashed potatoes with poached egg, calamari and scallops. Bring your checkbook!
4	I went here for a great dinner with two of my favorite colleagues. First thing, don't go or don't complain if you aren't there eating for an experience. This place definitely takes it's time and you should takes yours while you eat.We had several antipasto dishes along with gnocchi and beet ravioli to start. All of the starters were killer. I can't say I was overly impressed by their charcuterie but the other dishes made up for it. For the meat finale we shared a dry aged bone in rib-eye and their 9 month (yes, average human gestation period) NY Strip. Holy hell. Cooked to perfection and their aging method is sound. Really killer steaks.We topped it all off with champagne and cognac. No complaints with service. All in all it was a great night with great food.The only thing I would give a -1 star for is the price. Comparable meals are available at a fraction of the cost but you get "The Strip" markup I feel at this place. Fortunately for me I didn't pay but still, for the sake of being fair....
5	Had dinner here two nights in a row.  The main reason I came back with the wife was our bartender Cooper!  He was awesome and we thoroughly enjoyed our dinner at the bar especially with his service!Love the octopus, beef cheeks raviolis and everything else!Thanks Cooper!
5	My dinner was amazing.  Cooper working the bar with a full menu and expertise to recommend the best pairings for a on the fly wine and food menu.  The octopus is amazing, fresh pastas and beef out of this world.  We arrived at 8, the service was top notch.
3	Hands down the best New York steak I've ever had.  My friend ordered the reserved NY which was aged about 9-10 months...yes MONTHS, how can anything still be edible after 9 months.  It's crazy but it was also crazy good.  We also tried the dry-aged bone-in rib-eye which had a similar flavor but not as good as the NY.Why the three stars then you might wonder, well, we also ordered the white truffle pasta, which cost $110.  The price is fine, as long as the food is worth it, but here, carnevino failed.  The pasta was pretty bland and didn't taste special at all.  On top of it, when we told the server, he gave us a "O, hmm thats weir'd" and proceeded to give us the check.  Hate to be a restaurant snob but typically, if your customers are spending loads of $$$ at a high end restaurant, you usually see some type of service there.
5	I'm not sure about some posters complaints. I can say that my wife and I had one of the best meals we've had. I started with the gnocchi, lite, perfectly cooked, my wife the caprese, large cherry tomatoes on the vine with house made mozzarella and basil pesto, excellent. Entree was the dry aged bone in ribeye. Aged 90 days (don't know who else does that, typically 28-32 days). Asked for medium rare at 130 degrees, came out perfectly. Carved table side, this is around 50 ozs precooked. Absolutely one of the best pieces of beef we've ever eaten. Side was mascarpone, guanciale mashed which is topped with a poached egg! Excellent but unnecessary. Service was top notch, professional, attentive but not intrusive. My only complaint is the wine list is almost too extensive. It's massive and in my opinion, unnecessarily complicated. Some have complained about the music but we found it fine, a non issue. Overall, it warrants it's consistent inclusion in Vegas's top 10 steakhouses.
1	With all of the options available we tried this place for thanksgiving dinner.   I ordered the filet mid rare. It took them an hour and a half for them to bring my meal way under. So for a $50. Filet I decided to send it back. When they brought it back to me it was clear to me they tried to get it up to temp by only reheating one side of this piece of meat. I sent it back again and asked for the check. Joe and Mario would not be pleased.
2	Our server at CarneVino was fairly rude. For a group of four we ordered two entrees, 4 appetizers/small plates, a dessert, and a couple glasses of wine  He did not seem to like the fact that we weren't all ordering 3 course meals and that we were sharing everything.  He definitely acted snooty about it.  After he realized that we weren't going to go crazy gorging ourselves on food, we were basically ignored the entire night and had to flag him down if we needed anything.  However, the bus boy, runners, and hostesses were all great.  When we finally got our bill, it stated a suggested gratuity of 20%.  No matter how awesome the service, I don't think that they should put that on the bill, let alone when you get bad service!  It's especially off putting when you're already a generous tipper to begin with.The food was good, but unfortunately it did not make up for the service, so I would not recommend going to this restaurant.  With all the other options in Vegas, you could definitely get great food with great service elsewhere.
4	I saw this place featured on Rachel Ray's vacation and could not wait to try it!  Carne Vino translates simply into meat and wine. FOODOrder the 'La Fiorentina' (~$70/person). They carve the meat right beside your table and even have their own personalized steak knives with their name Carne Vino on it. Impressive. We also added a 'Black Truffle Vinaigrette" ($5) sauce to go with the meat. It was good, but didn't add that much more flavor to the meat. SKIP.Each slice of juicy meat literally melts in your mouth and I really wanted another order. But seeing that my mom and I had already spent $140 on just the meat..we decided to just move onto dessert...We chose the 'Peach and Blackberry Tart' ($12), which had a hazelnut crust. The presentation was wonderful, but the peach and blackberry didn't seem to go together that well. A little more tart that I expected. SKIP.TIPIt is located inside Palazzo in Las Vegas. Make a reservation.Would come back, but only for steak and nothing else.
3	We thoroughly enjoyed our meal here. I am giving it three stars (should be 3.5) because I resent paying $19.00 for a side dish to go with the steak we just spent $140.00 on. Yes the dry aged porterhouse steak for two was really delicious. We hadn't ever tried dry aged beef before and it was really unique and so so good. But again, why not throw in some green beans gratis? The beef cheek ravioli was tasty  as was the eggplant side dish. We particularly liked our server. He was present without being overbearing and was kind enough to point out the wines less than $600 per bottle. For these prices, I want to be Wowed. I wasn't.
2	Had dinner tonight, service was excellent food was lousy. The lamb chops had to be sent back 90% fat was no meat on the traps at all. Or the reserve a bone in New York steak came very dry the waiters will kindly replace both with fillets which were tasty. However, I make it better on my home real with me I buy from Cosco.Mild Italian should start shopping at Cosco. They sell prime beef.To quote my late father, "now I've been there twice. The first time, and the last time."
1	As a Texan and an afficianado of prime beef, Carnevino is bad beyond belief. The signature bone-in ribeye was flavorless, excessively fatty (even for a ribeye) and not tender. I would not have paid five dollars for this $70+ steak. A total disaster.
4	Group of 5 friends excited for dinner after hearing great reviews for this restaurant. Our waited was really strange first of all...we ordered wine and then we find out that they don't have it, then we ordered the tuna as an appetizer and, again, they don't have it. So at this point we're a little annoyed. A friend orders the salmon and asks how does the chef prefer to cook it? The waiter gave an attitude and says "well no one ever asks that question". So we were kinda shocked the way he said it. I mean, a good restaurant should be able to offer fish rare-well done. Anyways, the filet mignon was just ok, the short ribs were good but more on the fatty side, the lamb chops were also on the fatty side and the salmon was pretty good. Service was good just our waiter wasn't very good. Yes the restaurant is loud but we actually enjoyed the music. Overall, I expected better but then again we often eat at 5* restaurants and this wasn't up to par.
3	WORST feeling of being taken advantage of in ALL of my restaurant experiences. WORST wording of menu and terrible communication of service. FOOD was delicious.  Most stand out was their signature cheek pasta. I can keep ranting but I  will stop here as I respect the industry as I am part of it, however I will not dine here again because if this unfortunate event.
5	Incredible menu! I came with a couple friends for what ended up being a 3 hour dining extravaganza! The staff is very attentive and the selections are so awesome! I love the antipasto misto which is a generous selection of meats cured in house. (Mario's family has a amazing deli in Seattle where they also make cured meats) The Tagliatelle is covered with sweet earthly porcini mushrooms. I also love rabbit ragu, the lamb ragu and the Anolini which had sweet lobster with it!The pork chop was huge!!! I also tried the 3 triple lamb chops which were sooooo melt in your mouth amazing! The short ribs were also quite delicious too!The dessert was basically a ton of items the chef sent out to my table. There was panna cotta, a tiramisu, a torte, and canoli. The chef also sent out a couple types of Grapa, sorbetti, and gelato. It was such a great experience! The bill was probably about $250 a person, but it was pretty awesome!!
5	The bone in ribeye is simply amazing! Our server Carlos was attentive and knowledgable.  We were checked on by two managers and thought the service was very appealing. Our wine (Italian) was perfectly paired and delicious. The salumi plate showcased several amazing house cured meats and was a nice way to open up. We would come back for sure.  Keep it rockin Carlos, thanks for the recommendations.
5	I have been to Carnevino several times, and I have never been disappointed. I love walking through the shops at the Palazzo before dinner. The atmosphere is relaxed and inviting, and they always do a great job accomodating those who eat gluten free. On my last visit, two of my friends were gluten free, and they were able to eat almost everything due to the variety of gluten free options.On this visit, I started with Zach's chopped salad with salumi and parmigiano. Delicious!! Our table shared a few pasta dishes. The most notable were the orechiette with sweet sausage and brocolli rabe and the bucatini with amatriciana sauce. I loved the way the orechiette soaked up the sausage bits. Yum! The pancetta in the bucatini dish was fabulous as well.One friend and I had the florentine porterhouse for 2 and it was outstanding. They carve the meat tableside, and it is a really fun experience. The beef was perfectly cooked, it was just unfortunate that I was already full by this point. The italian brocolli we had on the side was garlicky and scrumptious. We were beyond stuffed by this point, so we passed on dessert, but every option on the menu looked delicious. Carnevino also had a vast selection of Italian wines, and the staff is incredibly helpful in aiding in pairings and such. I can't wait to go back!
2	This place is definitely one of the better restaurants in Las Vegas based on taste. Pricing is a little outrageous.  Food is cooked in lard which is what makes everything tastes great.  If I made my steaks with lard it would taste great too.Ambiance and service is 5 stars.
5	I have been back two more times since my first visit and have had excellent service and an excellent meal each time.  We always order the riserva steak, and we are always happy.  It seems like hit or miss with other reviewers here, but so far I can't speak highly enough of this place.
5	Truly a meat lover's paradise.  Got the Beef Tasting menu and overdosed on beef .  BBL Aged ribeye was fantastic.  Carne cruda was excellent.  Highly recommend those 2 dishes.  Tasting menu portions are pretty large so not sure if it would be worthwhile.  You may be better off sharing plates of the same dishes rather than forking out $150 pp.
3	A good restaurant, but well below my expectations. Delmonico is the better option for a steak in this hotel. The food was fine, but expensive, and not better than Dolminicos, so the decision is easy for me.
4	Yo player, Carnevino is the trill deal. I broke a "vegan for a month" challenge to eat at this place and let me tell you, I did not regret doing it one bit after my experience.My friend and I are like a nice steakhouse team, always looking for the best place that we can find. Lucky for us, Las Vegas provides many options.So we go on this spur of the moment trip to Vegas and have already decided that we are going to go to either Craftsteak or Carnevino. What did we do to decide? The same thing everyone else does- look on yelp. When I saw the reviews for Carnevino and how everyone seemed to complain about sub-par service and quality of steak & sides, I wanted to go here about as bad as someone wants to go to an STD clinic to find a date. Forreal, yall m'f*ckas write some compelling ish on this site. Anyways, I tried to make a reservation at Craftsteak and they were booked. So were GR Steak and Delmonico. What were we to do? The only thing we could do...make a reservation at Carnevino and accept the punishment our patience and taste buds were about to endure. Boy were we wrong...The hostess on the phone was bubbly as can be, made us an immediate reservation and convinced us that this was the best possible choice. I'm easily swayed, so my attitude about this place changed almost immediately.We get there and are seated immediately by another (maybe the same) friendly hostess. Ambiance was on point. White table cloth, dim lit, comfortable seats, bookcases, and even a Persian rug! Our server JT was not, and I repeat WAS NOT Justin Timberlake. Disappointing I know, but if you translated his serving skills into  singing skills, he would have been better than Justin Timberlake, word is bond.The ciabatta bread was soooooo damn tight! it came with butter, and pig fat blended with spices. Sounds gross, tastes okay; I wouldn't kill a man for it. Unfortunately, this is what kept Carnevino from getting the 5th star. I think they could do better.We ordered the Ribeye for 2, mashed potatoes and mushrooms. These dishes... I would kill a man for.The mashed potatoes had an effin' poached egg in 'em that one of the homeboys working there broke and mixed in for us! Dude, upon first bite I seriously said out loud "that is what mashed potatoes should taste like. Someone call Merriam-Webster, and tell them that Carnevino just redefined what mashed potatoes are."Mushrooms were dope, had a balsamic glaze or something, but not much to elaborate on.Most expensive steak houses all taste the same or close to the same with only minor differences between them. The steak at Carnevino was unique and in a class of it's own. There was a perfect crust on the meat, and if you told me that it was only seasoned with salt and pepper, I wouldn't believe you. It was cooked PERFECTLY and was served hot. It was so tender, flavorful and overall perfect that if you told me Jesus himself cooked it, I would totally believe you.We received a couple of compliments from the chef, some cheese balls and shortbread cookies, both of which deserve honorable mention.In conclusion, If you want amazing service, amazing food, amazing ambiance, but most importantly an amazing experience all at a decent price, go to Carnevino. If you don't want any of those other things, go to Cut and I'm sure you'll be satisfied.
3	We went to dinner on a Sat night and had wonderful service.  We read the reviews and had the beef cheek ravoli and the pasta that he is known for an the aged steak.  It was good, but not amazing.  We had an amazing dinner the night before and for the price expected more.  The waiter was excellent and took great care to explain all the detail that goes in to making each dish. With such detail, you would expect amazing...and again for the price.  I expected to bite into each dish and say Wow, I have never tasted anything like this...and we had, for less other places.  I think you can do better, but it won't be a bad meal.  However you will leave hundreds of dollars behind!
5	I ate here with my family back in December of 2012. This was our first time eating here and it did not disappoint. I had the cowboy cut Ribeye for one ($95). My wife and one of our daughters had the filet ($55 each) and my other daughter had the butterfly pork chop ($45). The sides were excellent. Salads fantastic. Wow, and the yukon gold garlic mashed potatoes with marscapone and an egg on top was unbelievable!If in vegas, and you want a great steak in a fabulous hotel. This is the place for you
2	Beautiful restaurant, but don't want to pay for atmosphere. Grilled octopus was delicious. Chopped salad was ok.    Rib eye for 2  priced at $74. Each was very overpriced.  I did not finished my portion and asked to take with me.  They did not give me what I left on my plate.  Would definitely not recommend.  Service was just ok.  If you have to waste about 2 1/2 to 3 hours for dinner this is the place for you.  Overall very overpriced.  Delmonico Steakhouse is a much better choice at the Palazzo.  Take my advice if you are looking for an excellent steak.
1	Food was ok, we had steak it was cold and overcooked, we couldn't return it because we waited so long to find our waiter again,  the place was not busy.  Service was poor we had to ask for sides menu since weren't given one and there were no sides on the main menu.  Wine seems bad or old they keep 30 bottles on a table in the middle of restaurant and run it over when you order, but it almost looks like they refill them since wine was nasty, they ran the wine threw napkins when pouring into your glass, gross. ..We went to Delmonicos the next day NYE and had an amazing meal and wonderful time.  Skip this wanna be steak house .
5	ATTENTION LAS VEGAS !! B&B Hospitality is acquiring all of the best mixology talent in the city!! Act now before it's too late. Actually, it might be too late already. Carnevino has built what I believe is the bar staff equivalent of the New York Yankees. I think some were even wearing pinstripes! And not only that, their 2nd stringers make better cocktails than a lot of first string teams in that city.As far as I can tell it's Adam Rains and Eric Hobbie who go yard on every cocktail. Now I'm not talking about making the best gimlet or manhattan (which they may) I am talking about sitting down at the bar and saying something like "I like the smell of the desert after it rains. Make me a cocktail." or "I love pepper but hate cinnamon. Make me a cocktail." or  "I like the smell of a rosemary garden but only when the sun is 3 o'clock high on odd numbered days in August. Make me a cocktail". Or by just simply ordering off the menu and having them pair it with whatever concoction they deem fit. They might have something in their repertoire to fit your needs or they might just create a brand new cocktail right there in front of you.  These guys are at the forefront of the the new mixology scene in Las Vegas and are contenders for The World Series every season.Next at the plate we have David Cooper and Dominick. I didn't have as many cocktails by these guys but they are also first stringers on the Bronx bombers of the strip and I can't wait to experience more from them on my next trip out. Dominick is a monster at egg white cocktails (a personal favorite of mine) and made some very stunning examples. He may have even converted a non-cocktail drinker with one of them based around scotch.I also had a couple of cocktails by Jay. He was just brought up from the farm team and has great natural ability and instinct but still looks to the veterans for assistance. But this in and of itself shows that he has respect for the art and knows there is work to be done. You don't ever want to call this kind of thing too early but with his enthusiasm and eagerness to learn and a lot of work, I wouldn't be surprised to see him in Cooperstown one day with the rest of the players mentioned above.Supposedly Carnevino is some sort of steakhouse. Best on the strip some say. Best in the country some say. But I wouldn't know. I go here for world class cocktails and I end up learning as much as I do drinking. Well... slightly more drinking than learning but you catch my drift. My point being, don't let the lack of some trendy nuvo hipster mixology moniker or the fact that this is a steakhouse and not a "bar" scare you cocktail junkies away. Hit this place early, grab a seat, and be sure to wear your batting helmet because you won't want to leave until you fall off your stool.
1	You didn't offer a Zero. This place has good food but is overpriced and the music they pipe in that prohibits conversation should get someone an opportunity in another industry.
4	Great good but very pricey. I have eaten here a few times all with same results. Good food, good wine, good service and huge bill at the end of the night. If you are looking for a quick dinner I HIGHLY recommend sitting in the bar and getting the Carnavino Burger. Has to be the best burger on the planet. The beef cheek ravioli and octopus are both outstanding starters as well. Word of caution and the reason I gave four stars and not five. The sommelier poured our wine and then poured himself a short glass to drink. This was not a taste before he poured ours it was a few good drinks worth that he took as a "roady". I likely would not have cared if he asked first but it's a little annoying since it was a $250 bottle of wine and he did it as it was a course of regular business. Overall good place for a burger or steak if you are held captive at the Palazzo or Venetian at a conference.
4	Great place although very expensive.  The service is good but strange.  People seem not to be trained in working in fine food. Very good but ordinary service. Atmosphere is nice but the music was very loud and all Elton John. Strange for Italian fine dining.
4	This place was good but not the you have to be careful about the temperature of the steak when you order..... Medium is really Medium Rare.
2	Vibe - Grande lux steakhousePrice-- Very expensiveService- non existent Bathrooms- Very goodWine service- ExcellentWine Prices- ExtremeThis is my third visit to this place. My first review was a rave review for Carnevino. Tonight it all changed. The service was so off that it ruined our dinning experience.  The main course was served while we were still eating our salads. After that the servers disappeared. No bread refills no filled water glasses etc. we even had more guests join us. But the staff did not extend our table until we asked five times. We even had to ask for menus for our two guests three times. Caprese Salad- great presentation. Cherry tomatoes on the vine, creamy delicious basil pesto and burataChopped salad- goodRibeye BBL $144 for two and the Porterhouse $144 were both huge like on previous visits and satisfied.Brussels sprouts were burnedMashed potatoes with poached egg and ham was excellentBrocollini was tastyDesserts- Skip them. Cannoli, coconut flan, spoiled cheese tiramisu and the whiskey cream are not worth the calories . I couldn't believe the server said the marscapone was not spoiled. The entire table spit out the tiramisu. I guess we were wrong. The management was so off tonight that I can no longer recommend Carnevino. The staff is trained to upsell and push apps and drinks that it forgets the most important thing, the customer.WIGB- No
5	OMG, BEST STEAK HOUSE EVER! I have been to a lot of different steak houses but this was by far one of the best. Service is spectacular, food is incredible wine list is extensive. We took our customer there for dinner, there was 12 of us and they took really good care of us. I had the bone in ribeye medium rare, you could cut it with a fork. I am not sure what else to say, go if you have a chance.
1	ok we tried Carnevino again - will not be a third time nothing has changedover ratedover pricedworst service I have seen in yearssteak was over cookedseafood was over cookedpasta was under cookedvegetables were mushand no seemed to care about it I guess the don't care about repeat business
5	Everything was amazing. The ribeye for one is not in the menu but is worth asking for. The potatoes were done perfectly. The rendered bacon fat butter was so good I contemplated putting it on the table. Great wine selection.
5	I am frankly shocked that Carevino does not get 5 stars here. It is not cheap, but everything else is practically perfect. Maybe I can see some detractors on atmosphere. if you sit out in the middle of the big room, but if you get a booth on the side it is pretty cool. But anyway, you go here for steak and the porterhouse for two that I split with my pal Reed was the best steak I have had in years. Simply prepared, nice and rare. My favorite part of the meal was the octopus appetizer --- worth the price of the meal on its own. And the piece de resistance was the Ramones blasting the dining room. Great company, phenomenal red meat, punk rock --- a sensory orgasm!
1	Overrated is being kind. We find Carnevino grossly overrated, ridiculously overpriced, and completely underwhelming.On second thought: we found it insulting.We were in town for a weekend with couple friends, wanted elegant Italian, and got a strong recommendation from a local (cab driver).Wine list, for which this place is famous, is absurdly pricey. Almost nothing under $100. (We got the "last bottle"of a very average Tuscan blend, $65.)Our wives split a thick-cut pork chop ($46). Forty-six dollars for one, unadorned chop served without sides or sauce. (Sauces for all meats run an extra $7. Yes - you pay extra for sauce.The chop was unpalatably dry and reeked of cloves. I had a passable Osso Buco ($41) served on a paltry bed of flavorless risotto. My buddy had a seafood pasta, best entree of the three. Tab for three salads, three entrees, one side dish and one bottle of wine: $300. I expect to pay top dollar for top-quality dining. This was grossly overpriced, utter mediocrity. Mario Batali ought to be ashamed.
1	What a disappointment! I was wondering if I should write a review because I work in the restaurant industry and don't like writing negative reviews but I couldn't help it! In short:Very overpriced, ($1200 for 5 people. And we didn't even splurge on great wine)Wines very overpriced! Food nothing special, with small exceptions, but it should have been great across the board given the prices!Our server was great! However, I can't say the same of the sommelier. He was not very helpful, with zero personality, an he didn't seem to care. I am a sommelier myself but wanted his input because I wasn't familiar with majority of Italian wines on the menu and wanted to find a good one. I took his recommendation and ordered a wine that appeared to be flat or little off. I kindly asked for the sommelier. I wanted him to taste it and tell me if this is the way is supposed to taste. I hate sending wine back, but it really wasn't pleasant and it was a $170 bottle. Someone else came, it might have been the manager. He tasted the wine and said unfortunately this is the way it's supposed to taste and basically told me that this is what I get for this price ($170) as if I ordered a cheap wine!!!! O well, it's true, it was on the "cheaper" side on their wine list. So I had to keep the wine! Any respectable restaurant would have taken it back!  This is what I do in my restaurant and I believe this a restaurant norm. Or at least this is the norm in the good fine dining restaurants! I will never return, and would never recommend this restaurant to anyone. But I don't think they would care. They get plenty of tourist traffic and probably don't care for returning customers.
5	This is one of the best restaurants ever.  The food is great and the quality of service was superb.  As soon as we check in everyone was so attentive to our needs including checking on us throughout our dining experience.  Our waiter also took the time to explain the food, the cut of each part of the bone rib eye and part of their aging process.On to the food.  We ordered arugula salad, Beef cheek ravioli (I believe this was a special for that night), Dry Aged Bone-In Rib Eye with mash potato and spinach side.  We enjoyed every dish we ordered.  The only dish that we thought was average was the spinach side dish.  The arugula salad was a great mix of arugula, pickled onions, very creamy goat cheese and mushroom - the mix was very refreshing and went well together.  The beef cheek ravioli was also superb.  It had great taste like a very good pate.  We ordered a medium cooked rib eye and it was just cooked perfectly.  Red in the middle and not bloody - red and warm middle vs. of red and cold middle.I wish we had room for desert unfortunately we were too full to order any.  But overall we enjoyed our dining experience and would eat here again.
4	I came to carnevino this past Saturday with a group of friends (8 in all).  We all enjoy great food and wine and don't mind paying for it, which you will certainly have to do here. We shared a lot of food family style. Arugula and chopped salad were both excellent. The arugula salad has some type of pickled onions in it, making it super tasty. We had the grilled octopus, which was cooked absolutely perfectly, steak tartare and tuna carpaccio. All the apps were spot on. We shared 4 pastas for 8 of us and they were all good. The spaghetti frutti di Mare was fantastic. All the others, I felt, were too similar and not adequate enough in portion. I feel like a little bit more of them would have been more suitable. Then, we shared entrees. We had the lamb, which I didn't try but looked good, the porterhouse (amazing!), the salmon (which I found a little boring), the BBL New York (out of this world taste - so super herbaceous and so intense), Brussels sprouts (love the simple preparation). In terms of service... Hmmm. I'm torn. Our front service seemed absolutely ambivalent about his work there. He did a good job, but kinda seemed "over it."  The back waiter, on the other hand, was super nice. We were in one of the side rooms, which was a little disappointing because you want to be in the middle of the action. We had 4 bottles of wine for the table and both were a great pairing with the food. One last note: in the middle of the waiter's initial menu spiel, I accidentally spilled my $15 glass of wine that I got from the bar.  The waiter didn't refill it. It's subtle, and it isn't that we were in any way lacking for food or wine, but when you're spending $170/person to eat (which is what our bill came out to), I would expect that service point to be paid attention to.
1	Visited Carnevino for the second time last week.  After a five star experience on my first visit last year, was so excited to come back this year.  There will not be a third visit.  Such a poor experience due to the staff that this is my first yelp review.  The quick details are that five of us ate family style, which ended up costing $250 per person. We split Tartar (ok), Ravioli (great), Rib eye (ok), Short Rib (good) and a "pay by the inch steak" (which was one of the more impressive steaks I have ever had).  Now to the bad.  We ordered three bottles of wine.  A white ($120), a barbaresco ($160) and 2005 brunello ($170) that the Somm recommended to go with the steak and short rib.   The white was fine, the barberesco was great, but the brunello was flat.  My girlfriend, who happens to be a certified Somm, asked the manager to taste the wine to see if he thought it was flat.  He responded by saying, " you get what you pay for."  The second issue was with the pay by the inch steak.  It was wonderful and my mouth is watering a little bit just thinking about it.  Problem is, I didn't get to finish it.  The bus boy decided to clear the plates on his schedule.  I lost an inch and a half and some short rib on my plate.  He also cleared the center plate that had two slices of the steak left.  Terrible.  Didn't even ask the table if he should clear.Carnevino will not get repeat traffic from me.  There are way too many great steakhouses in Vegas to ever eat there again.  For those who had read this far, try Sage at Aria.  Wonderful.  Finally, shared our experience with friends back in LA.  They had similar stories.  Good food, bad experience.  Come on Mario -- Step it up!
1	STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACEOne statement...we got sick eating here. We ordered 3 of their "top" choices for steaks including their "signature 9 month dry aged" steak, and ended up getting sick. While that is enough to earn one star, how they handled the issue is even worse. When I approached the restaurant to inform them that their food caused my entire party to get sick, they appeared to show genuine concern and said they would report the incident and have someone contact me. ONE MONTH LATER, I finally get in touch with their LIABILITIES department who informs me that they do not see anything was done wrong so nothing will be done. Upon retrospect, they do this to MAKE YOU GO AWAY. So...to all Yelpers...take their advice and STAY AWAY. We blew well over a grand at this place and for what....sickness, poor customer service, and severe disappointment. Save yourself the trouble...
5	Best steak EVER!!!  Yes, it was pricey, but so worth it!  We ordered the only thing on the menu that should be ordered - the aged bone-in ribeye.  Side dishes - who cares.  We had the butternut squash rissoto and it was nothing to write home about.  The dinner comes with bread and two kinds of butter - butter and butter with fat and the fat is good!  There are sauces you can choose to add on to the steak, i.e. truffle sauce, etc.  We did not do that, the steak was amazing on its own.  They cut up the steak and explained each part to us.  The presentation was nice and the atmosphere was nice.  Wait staff was pleasant and even encouraged me to munch on the bone with my bare hands and YES I did it - some of the best morsels were on that bone.  It was around $75/person and the total bill with wine, side dish, and dessert was $200.00 - not too shabby for a once a year splurge.  There are a lot worse things to spend $200 on.  My husband and I were happy and stuffed.  Definitely going back next year!
5	I have now been to dinner at Carnevino twice and it does not disappoint.  The meat is perfect and the mashed potatoes with the poached egg are so good that even my husband who does not eat runny eggs loves those potatoes.
5	Amazing service & the food is the best in the strip.. My new all-time favorite fine dining restaurant. Our server Carlos was very specific about carefully explaining the menu in detail and our back server Michelle was extremely attentive & made sure we had everything we needed (refills, water, extra utensils, etc).. My husband and I will definitely be coming back very soon! We're obsessed!
4	I am just going to review the steaks here since the side dishes were not impressive at all.  First of all I had the hardest time getting them to serve me the Primera Riserva 240 day dry-aged Ribeye Steak.   The flavor was out of this world.  It tasted like butter, foie gras, and aged cheese all in one bite.  This steak was so good.  However it was so rich.  I would suggest sharing this steak among 2-3 people and ordering other cuts of steak.  But, since I am a steak-freak, I ate it all by myself and loved it.  I will go back in April or August to eat this again.I also tried the 90 day dry-aged New York Steak.  This cut was more meaty and was nice.  I like more marbling on my steak, but for those who prefer more meat, then this is the cut for you.  Finally, I had the 90 day dry-aged Ribeye Steak.  This steak is for the less adventurous steak eater.  There was nice marbling but less of an intense flavor.  It was nice though.
5	The best steakhouse in Las Vegas. The rib eye riserva is absolutely amazing. I had reservations about american rot beef being used to the amazing cows of Alberta but this was absolutely mind blowing. Well worth the money for an expertly aged and prepared piece of beef. Amazing pasta sides and the lardo/butter bread is sheer opulence.Tip: Sit at the bar and chat up the bartenders/bar managers. They always have the power to have some tasty freebies appear in front of you.
5	Carnevino is INCREDIBLE. I was lucky to dine here for a work dinner, so prices were not of importance (and I'm thankful for that!). It was the first time I had been to a restaurant tied in with a well-known chef and I was not disappointed. I half expected a very standard meal, but was blown away at the quality here.The bartenders and servers were very attentive and quick to help out. Also, happy to customize for you. We had a few that ordered martini's with special requests. I opted for an extra dirty martini, which was delicious.I could have dined on the Shrimp "Alla Diavolo" appetizer alone. The spice and tomato flavors matched perfectly with the huge shrimp. SO delicious. The oysters were equally delicious.I had a tough time at dinner. I'm very picky about my steak and was unsure, but went for it after all. I ordered it medium plus, and it was just about perfect. But that was not the most memorable part. The person next to me ordered his steak "blue". Not knowing what that was, I gave it a try, and it was heavenly. A crisp char and raw inside reminded me of tuna steak. It's not something I ever imagined I would crave but I still remember the taste and texture to this day!Though stuffed, we still opted for dessert (and too many of them). The Chocolate & Peanut Butter Torte was my favorite, as well as the Flourless Chocolate Cake. Great spot!
2	Bottom line: The food was not very good and for the high prices it should have been delicious. ($41 for salmon without sides / $63 for lamb.). My advice order a steak. It will at least be good (reported the fourth guest at out table who had the filet.)Some staffers were awesome, not our table staff who were not accommodating and seemed put out by requests.I had the salmon which was undercooked in the middle by a lot. I like sushi, but not combined with cooked salmon. A guest at our table had the lamb which was extremely fatty. We were warned by the waiter in a thick accent which was hard to understand because the music was so loud (I like loud music, but this was so loud I couldn't hear the person next to me at a near shout) When we asked them to turn it down, the look from the support staff at the table was poisonous.I asked for a large glass of water instead of the small table glass. The table "assistant", for lack of better terminology, informed me there were not larger glasses. I asked her then to please not let my glass sit empty. It did. She came over many times to fill the sparkling water ordered by another at our table but let mine go unfilled until I asked. It had been a long day at an expo without much water and it would have been a kindness to have a larger or filled glass. I should have ordered fancy water and maybe I'd have had better service.Ultimately I had to apologize to my boss for picking the place because he was not happy with the selections, quality, or service. It was a disappointing experience. Because of it, I didn't visit the sister restaurant for burgers the next day (which I was looking forward to trying.)
3	This place was okay. A little pricey for just okay though.The only thing memorable there was the proscioutto (sp?) -- best proscioutto ever hands down, other than that it was all average.
5	### (03/05/2014) ###: I finally had a chance to come back to vegas and was dying for the Riserva.  They had the nearly 1 year aged NY Strip which was super flavorful and amazingly good.  The aroma and beef flavor was intense!  I went back the next two days and finally on the 2nd day they had the Ribeye Riserva available!  Bells and little cupids starting flying around my head.  As you can see in my pictures the 8 1/2 month aged ribeye was masterfully carved out by my table.  Every part of the ribeye was great such as the eye and the cap itself which is usually the most marbleized part and my favorite.  Out of the 3 types I had (NY Strip, porterhouse and Ribeye) the ribeye is definitely the best out of the three is probably why it's almost never available!  The steak was cooked perfectly the three times I went as a medium rare and topped off with some sea salt.  The last time I came here 1.5 years ago it was overcooked 2 out of 4 times.I usually eat it with some ketchup & mustard mixed to help cut through the flavor a bit every few bites.  Overall the service and food was incredible.  I can't wait to go again for my 4th time and final day in vegas.  Highly recommended everyone try this at least once in their life!
5	I am now ruined for steak for the rest of my life.  The bone-in-ribeye is out of this world good.  No other steak can live up to what happens in your mouth with the first bite of this steak.  The little cheese balls that come out as appetizers as compliments of the chef are ridiculously tasty and leave you very much wanting to sample the rest of the menu.
2	Just misses on all levels.3 of us went there last night for a light dinner... here we go!1 specialty cocktail $14, 1 Old Fashion $18 (really?)Big Eye Tuna Crudo - great fish, but the sauce was all high notes with no balance... fail.Beef Cheek Ravioli w/ 25 yr. old balsamic ($31) smallish portion, good taste, but the consistency of the filling was like baby food... fail.We wanted to order the "80 day" (doubt it) dry aged strip steak ($70) but the waiter suggested the bone-in rib eye steak for one (he didn't mention that it was $25 more.  The steak was smallish and carved table side by a disinterested woman with her hand behind her back... never smiled or said hello. I've had much better steaks everywhere for half the price... fail.The smallish side of Italian Broccoli w/ Pork was totally forgettable... fail.I drink my coffee black w/ no sugar... I had to send it back as the beans had been burned more than Starbucks... fail.My brother ordered a double espresso on ice with half and half... they brought heavy cream, then claimed not to have half and half... he had to ask for milk to make his own... fail.My wife enjoyed her cappuccino.We also had a small fruit plate... meh.The bill? $235 plus tip.My wife and I got home 2 hours later and were starved... we will not be back.This is the second Mario restaurant we have gone to... the other one being his pizza joint in L.A. which was horrible.... no more Mario for us... maybe he should spend less time on TV and more time training his staff.
4	During my stay in Las Vegas, there's only a handful of restaurants that I wanted to go, Carnevino was one of them. Unfortunately, my visit came in a time where I had to give up red meat, pork, and rice for lent. Sad, I know. Why would I torture myself by going to a steakhouse for dinner? Because of the pasta they were serving. The Pasta at B&B didn't meet my dietary restrictions so off to Carnevino I go.Dining alone has always felt weird for me, Vegas is all about friends and family so dining alone in this big city was very alien to me but sitting at the bar for dinner and talking to the staff made it easier for me.As much as I wanted to eat a ribeye steak, I can't. So I ended up ordering a spaghetti frutti di mare and cannoli for dessert. They started off by offering an amuse bouche of Parmesan cheese ball, fried cheese ball, salty and savory. Great way to start the meal off. Then a complementary rosemary ciabatta bread with 2 spreads, butter and lardo spread. The ciabatta was baked perfectly, amazing outer crust, tasty and salty, with a super soft inner bread. My goodness, I could eat that bread all day everyday. One of the best variation of ciabatta i've ever ever tasted.The spaghetti frutti di mare was delicious. The base sauce was nicely balanced, slightly acidic, and had some heat to it. The seafood had 2 big prawns which was the size of langoustine, half a lobster, clams, and alot of calamari which were all cooked perfectly. The prawns and lobster were soft and succulent, the calamari were fork tender, and the clams were great. A real perfect dish. At $31, the seafood were generous.The cannoli were gigantic. It's meant to be shared. 2 big pieces of cannoli, and 2 ice cream with sprinkles of pistachios. Perfect dessert to finish the meal.During the meal, I asked if they had the famous "6 month dry aged beef", the server told me "no we don't but we do have a 10 month old dry aged beef". In my mind, 10 months!?!?! that must be one hell of a beef. For that, I want to eat that beef after April 20, 2014 which is the last day of lent.
4	Carnevino would be a 5 star except it's so expensive! The wine in particular was laughably priced.  It's nearly impossible to find a decent bottle under $100.  In our party of 8, all but 1 person loved their food.  That one had the 16 oz. NY strip and wasn't impressed.  The beef cheek ravioli with shaved truffles was outstanding but a pretty small portion for the price (over $35 I believe).  Calamari appetizer was perfect and mashed potatoes with poached egg were too.  Overall, an elegant dining experience.  Although, I can't fail to mention the entrees arrived as we were still eating appetizers.
5	I had dinner here for the third time last week and it was awesome.  The bone-in ribeye was the best steak that I have ever eaten and the mashed potatoes were great.  This is a fun, upscale Vegas restaurant that I would definitely recommend.
5	The BEST steak I have ever had.  7 1/2 month aged ribeye.  Holy crap it was incredible.  That's what all beef should taste like.Service was incredible too.  Young guy who knew his stuff and seemed passionate about it.  He even brought me 3 digestives (gratis) to try after dinner because I was about to explode from trying to eat that massive steak.I've been to Prime, Mastro's, Sparks, Alexanders, etc and this is heads and shoulders above the pack.  Most steakhouses pretty much have the same stuff.  Carnevino's menu definitely changes the perception of the American steakhouse.
5	Best bar staff in town. Excellent mixologists and extremely knowledgeable in their craft.
4	the dry aged rib eye to share was delicious, but i think i liked my friend's porterhouse even better.  the sides are all tasty, particularly the carrots.  the octopus app was also delicious.
5	My son and I recently had dinner at this restaurant in the Pallazo owned by Mario Batalli and I have always wanted to eat at one of his places. We sat at the bar and had incredible service from Eric and Cooper. We asked them what the best things on the menu were and they instantly recommended the steak tartar and the grilled Octopus to start. We ordered those and they were insane...cannot believe grilled Octopus could be so tender and delicious. So then they said we need to share the bone in Sirloin which had been aged 120 days. It to was fantastic and they actually carve it off the bone for you table side. I cannot recommend this place enough but I think sitting at the bar made the difference for us as the conversation with these two bartenders was really fun
5	We dined at the bar, which was super, due to Dominick D. And Eric, H. By following their recommendations, we had an awesome experience. They gave us excellent service, friendly, and knowledgeable of their menu and huge wine list. The grilled octopus was outstanding! Beef cheeks ravioli,  unique,as well as the sweetbreads. Dessert of chocolate and peanut butter, and crunchy, was not sickening sweet.  Thank you Dominick and Eric, and the mgmt., for hiring such a team !
1	Firstly, let me say this restaurant came highly recommended. However, both the food and service disappointed. If you enjoy flavorless steaks that taste like olive oil and fat, then this is the place for you. The food is mediocre and the service was subpar. At $144 for just a steak, you expect a phenomenal steak. Save yourself $120 and go to Outback Steakhouse.
1	An absolute disgrace. This is by far the worst experience I have ever had in a supposed "fine" dining establishment.The staff was so negligent, at one point I asked our waiter if we had offended them in some way. The manager, doe eyed, and clearly out if his depth, had no clue. He just kept apologizing, saying..."I don't understand, this never happens"Well, guess what.... It happened to us last night... With absolutely no attempt from management  to rectify the situation.Pathetic.So, Mr. Batali... I would suggest that you pay closer attention to how you and your investors are currently being represented at Carnevino, and how easily a reputation for providing such a shameful customer experience can damage ones credibility.
2	Huge disappointment. We have no problem with spending $25 dollars on a glass of wine. Or $30 on an appetizer or $95 on a steak IF it is delicious and we have a fine dining experience. But the Service, Ambiance, Food and Wine  in no way demand these sort of prices. They were all below average.
5	I am really baffled by all the hate for Carnevino in the reviews. I first came here about 5 years ago when I cam to vacation in Las Vegas and have been back probably 10-15 times since I moved to Las Vegas. I always go when people are in from out of town and want a good steak place so I have been with about 20-30 different people. Never have any of us gotten a bad item, had bad service, or not loved it. I am a unapologetic fine dining snob and until Gordon Ramsay Steak opened this was my favorite steak restaurant in Vegas- and for the steak itself it is probably slightly better than GRK (GRK has better non steak dishes and desserts). I can't wait for someone else to visit so I can try the new beef tasting menu. The restaurant comes from Mario Batali (orange crocs) and Joe Bastianich (the mean judge on amster chef). If you have been to any of their other restaurants Carnevino is similar in many regards- formal fine dining atmosphere, similar slowly paced service, the waitstaff likes to talk etc. This isn't for everyone- some people just want to order their food and have it delivered in less than 10 minutes without a lecture on Italian after dinner drinks (Grappa by the way is an acquired taste- I almost gagged the first time I had it but now I love it). If you do go to Carnevino give yourself at least two hours and have a backup liver waiting for transplant. The SteaksUsually I would start with appetizers but let's be honest- you are here for a giant slab of meat.  Here are the steaks I have had ranked in order1. Bone in ribeye for two. This is carved tableside. If you like Ruths Chris serve your steak at 1500 degrees sizzling deal you might not like this as it is served more room temperature- and if it is warm at all the heat quickly goes away from the thinly sliced meat. It is very tasty though- the seasoning is very light so its all beef taste.2. NY Strip- not usually one of my favorite cuts but I have gotten it a few times for variety and it is better here than elsewhere I have had it.3. Bone in Filet- superior to the boneless IMO- has the very soft texture and less beefy taste you expect from a filet. Now, not always, but most of the time, they have a special steak that is aged longer- if this is available for the love of all that is holy get it. Pay whatever they ask- 100$ a pound, 200$ a pound, your first born- whatever it takes. These steaks taste like nothing you have ever had or likely will have again in the future. They have an almost blue cheese like flavor that is incredible. I have had plenty of expensive food that I would say was not worth it- this is not one of those. Non steak Items- I have ordered a few of these - pork chop, Osso Buco, and they are great- if you are a local and can come here frequently I highly encourage you to try them. If you are in from out of town though, you probably just want to get a steak or you will return him and find yourself lying awake in bed, filled with regrets.Appetizers- there are quite a few beef appetizers. You can go two ways with this- some people will find beef on beef on beef to be too much- we call them French. So if you are worried about your blood test results get something else, if you love America here are some suggested Apps (not all of these are beef but are meat)1. Carne Cruda- raw beef good. 2.Prosciutto di Parma and Affettati Misti- picking between these two is slightly harder than Sophie's Choice3. Beef Cappallacci -this has some really strong goat cheese which is amazing but may knock your socks off. 4. Anolini- lobster pasta- whats not to love
1	Probably the most disappointing $500 meal we (a group of 6) have ever had.1). There were FIVE girls at the hostess station when we approached, and it somehow still took them a while to find our reservation.  They asked my friend whose name it was under to spell out her last name at least 2 or 3 times. Whatever. 2).  The steaks, which are supposed to be their star offering (CARNEvino) were a let down.  First, they were OVERCOOKED, which is even more atrocious given that the waiter, when we ordered, emphasized that their temperatures are a grade or two cooler than normal.  Both guys who ordered steaks ordered them medium rare, which, according to the waiter, is like a rare at other places. FALSE. Both steaks were on the well side of medium.  Although dry aged, the steaks did didn't have enough flavor to stand on their own, and they weren't seasoned at all.  If you're going to charge $50-$85 per person for a piece of beef, it better be top quality and perfectly cooked. This was neither.  I've had $35 steak in a strip mall in Fresno that was much better (see, Cracked Pepper Bistro). 3).  The pasta - another disappointment.  Four of us got pasta.  Another girl and I both had the pasta with lamb ragu, one had the frutti di mare, and one got a lobster ravioli.  The lamb ragu was good, but a touch too salty, and definitely NOT $35 quality.  I could probably make something similar at home.  The lobster ravioli- it was so bad that my friend had the rest of us taste it just to experience how bad it was.  It had like 0.01 ounce of stringy, fishy lobster in it and was somehow bland and over-salted at the same time.  The manager was nice enough to take it off our bill.  My friend who had the frutti de mare seemed to love his entree.  Sadly, he was the only one.  4).  We had a late dinner reservation - 10pm.  Obviously they were not busy.  Somehow the meal still took 3 HOURS.  How? Why? Probably the only better-than-meh part of this meal of the steak tar tar that my friend got as an appetizer.  It was delicious.  It was the quality of food one would expect to get while paying these prices. In summary, either Mario Batali has never set foot in this restaurant, or he doesn't deserve to be an Iron Chef.
4	It takes the cured pork fat and rubs it all over its body.  One of the best meals of my life apart from the slow wait staff.
4	It has been a few years but the food was very good. I had the untrimmed lamb chops. Great! There is a lot of competition and there was nothing they offered that really makes you want to return. The four stars is for the lamb chops.
5	Attention Meat Eaters!First, logistics: FULL MENU AT THE BAR unlike many of the competing steakhouses in town. This makes it inexcusable for you to miss this place. No reservations--just plop down at the bar and go to town.It saddens me to think that a meat lover would visit Vegas and not get an opportunity to try the riserva because they read some ridiculous reviews on Yelp. I was almost one of those people. I was even afraid after realizing how easy it was to get reservations here compared to other places which were full. But I listened to my gut and it didn't fail me. And since you don't need reservations at the bar, if you are in town more than a couple of days, just swing by every night to see if the riserva is available.Cut and CraftSteak are frequently mentioned as having the best steak in town. I've never been so I won't even doubt that the overall experience and service is better. However, when in the land of excess, do something you cannot do elsewhere. I can eat imported Japanese wagyu where I live or buy 3-5 week dry aged or prime beef, give it a lovely smokiness with oak or hickory and make it taste as good as many steakhouses. But can you eat 280 day dry aged beef (the age on my visit) anywhere in this country??? No!Some do not like the taste of dry aged meat. If you are one of those people, then your money is probably better spent at some other restaurant. BUT, if you are one of those that like the nuttiness and funkiness then come here. I repeat: you cannot get this kind of meat anywhere else in this country. I repeat: you can get basically the same cut of meat from almost any other restaurant at home. Most of these guys get their meat from Allen Brothers, Lobel, Pat Lafrieda or DeBragga. As an aside, the Miyazaki filet from DeBragga online is the 2nd best steak I've ever had. The riserva was #1.Their regular steaks I believe are aged 60-90 days, twice the standard time. I do want to come back to see if this is noticeably different from a shorter time. Usually the funkiness really starts developing after  4-5 weeks.I was here a couple of weeks ago on a Monday. I sat at the bar like I usually do. I was alone. This removes a lot of the problems with service that invariably occur. I got there around 7:30 pm. I asked if they had they had the riserva and I lucked out. Vegas baby!Bartender also recommended the grilled octopus. I grew up eating octopus but in my later years didn't really enjoy it as much. Having said that, get this! Delicious. These are big chunks, meaty, tasty, not chewy at all, lovely texture and in some type of sweet balsamic reduction ... or something like that. Anyway, so good. Went well with my Negroni and vieux carre.As for the steak? Freaking amazing. Got 1 inch worth which was maybe 12 oz of actual meat. This was more than enough. The meat is so heavy (not gristly fatty but an "oily" fatty) that you can't eat that much. Two could easily share the riserva ribeye but of course as a man, I ate it alone. Amazing. Best steak ever. Yes, it could have used a tiny bit more salt but the meat was the star. Not as funky and cheesy as I thought it would be but still more than your average steak. Very tender. Got mine medium rare and it was fantastic.For those complaining about prices, this is the strip. Everything is overpriced. You want overpriced? Go to some of the other places and pay $34 per OUNCE of Japanese wagyu when you can get it back home for $20/ounce or buy it for $12.50. It's the same stuff you can get from DeBragga. But $108/inch cut of 280 day dry aged beef? Totally worth it.
5	People who dis this place are trying to come off as big foodie kings whose palates are refined and above reproach and know everything there is to know and by giving this place a bad revue they feel self possessed. Sorry but if you are from Fresno or  Henderson or Tucson or some other such low brow place.....please, your image seeking nonsense is so transparent you should be embarrassed.....LOL!  I have lived all over the world and have only been to 4 restaurants in my life where the dining experience was so amazing as to render in unforgettable. Two of them were in Italy, one of them is in Seattle, and the other was Carnevino. I went for Christmas Eve. Feast of Seven Fishes. There are no words. Absolutely exquisite!
1	I grew up in NYC and have been to some of the best steak houses and this is absolutely terrible!  Do not waste your money.  I am local now and would NEVER go back.  We don't always go to the strip anyway but we are sure we will not be back to this restaurant.   The service was just deplorable. The hostess station was surrounded by women that looked like they came off the street downtown.  They looked beat up and high.  They were rude and had no idea how to greet guests.  They looked bored and uninterested to be there.  The customer service they represented was awful. We had reservations and although we showed up very well dressed we were put in some closet type room off the main dining.  It was as if they were hiding the misfit toys in there and we ended up there too.  Very embarrassing considering our out of town guest is quite wealthy and is used to being treated very well when he frequents restaurants.  Our waiter bumped our guest several times during the service and my guest was just appalled.  The food was terrible.  We ordered steaks and although our waiter said we would not be able to finish the food we walked out hungry.  Hungry after a steak house meal?  That is an oxymoron that is exactly what happened here.  We are very fit people.  We are not all you can eat diners. ( Just to give you an idea of how small the portions were)  My husband and guest had picked wine and when they finished the bottle they were told that the same bottle was not available.  That is not a tragedy but where is the knowledge of the restaurants inventory.  That is not acceptable.  Mario Batali should be embarrassed with how his restaurant is being run.  Maybe he needs to go back behind the scenes and reevaluate who is better at being his GM. When you spend over six hundred dollars for three people you expect so much more.  Shame on me for being sucked into a Vegas tourist trap.  Just be smart about where you land on the strip for diner and avoid this place at all costs. I don't know where the good reviews are coming from.  Either it is the employees trying there best to keep people coming or it is people who have no clue what a good steakhouse is.
3	I HIGHLY do not recommend your money at this place because it is a waste of money. The food is undercooked and is OVERLY over priced. It's my first time here, and I will wouldn't recommend to come here. But everybody had their own opinion.
4	porterhouse for 2...nuff said....
5	Great food- we had a variety of steaks and appetizers, desserts and it was flawless.  Sharing the ribeye and others for a party of 7 was perfect - would highly recommend
1	We all can do better than this place!!This is an example of tourists who are very excited, and want to tell everyone they ate at Mario Batali's Restaurant, and don't realize they are being taken for more than they were in the Casino. My son and I went to meet my sister and my niece, who were visiting here, and choose the place. Unfortunately, this place is very typical of eateries in the Palazzo-Venetian Complex. Rude and arrogant staff, mediocre quality, and over priced. When my son and I complained that the portions were small, and the food wasn't that good, my niece came to the place's defense and said, "It's owned by Mario Bateli."That doesn't make the food or the errogence of the staff better. And as my fellow reviewer, Jamie C said, "very overpriced". If you're into the Celebrity Chef scene and want to brag to your friends, I suppose it's better to throw out your money away on this place than the tables.
1	We were very excited to have dinner at Carnevino. Our excitement quickly turned into disappointment. We are not opposed to spending $300 for a dinner for two. However, our meal was anything but fantastic. We started with a mushroom pasta dish, Tagliatelle, which was the best dish we had at Carvino. From there it was all down hill. Me and my husband had the La Forentina, bone in Porterhouse for two. It was flavorless and not worth $160.00. We have had better steak at Flemings, CraftSteak and Outback Steakhouse. The sides we ordered were wedge fries and asparagus and they were nothing to write home about. The entire dinner left us feeling empty and robbed. If you don't like loud obnoxious metal music while eating dinner , then you will not like this place.Sorry, but this restaurant is a WOLF in SHEEPS's clothing. We recommend going somewhere else. We will next time we are in Vegas.
2	My first Bastiani Batali venture and was disappointed.  I love Mario, and had always wanted to try one of his places, and wow, not so good.  First, I'm a wine geek, so ordering a good bottle of wine, paying 200% markup on a bottle that needs to be decanted, and just gets opened when you order it is pretty frustrating.  But, ordered a decent bottle, we overpaid, as we know we would, and it needed to breathe more, but how can you order your bottle of wine at noon to eat your dinner at 8.  Oh Well.   My steak was OK.  I have had phenomenal steak in Chicago (Gibsons), and really, that is the measurement.  This didn't come close.  This really reminded me of a steak maybe slightly better than say Outback?  And no offense, for these prices, and these names/chef, I expect a hell of a lot better than "slightly better than Outback".  Won't be back.  Life is too short for a bad meal.
4	Dry aged bone-in ribeye is to die for.  The scallops and oysters were also delicious.  The staff were patient and quite knowledgeable for wine and food selection.  Menu pricing can reach borderline absurdity.
5	Carnevino is one of the early restaurants I've bookmarked on Yelp (2011!), and I've finally kicked this one off my food bucket list. First a disclaimer - my friend has a sister who used to work with the the staff here, so we had amazing service. With that said, onto the food...The appetizers - We got to try the Grilled Octopus, Carne Cruda Alla Piemontese (steak tartar), and the Lonza.1. Grilled Octopus - I've never tried octopus this tender. Always have I thought that octopus is always chewy and tough, but the way Carnevino cooked it was amazing. The light citrusy sauce and the sprouts complemented the octopus well - easily one of my favorite things of the night.2. Carne Cruda Alla Piemontese (steak tartar) - Solid steak tartar. Comes with mushrooms on top and what I believe are thinly sliced oyster(?) mushrooms on the side. Very good, comes with delicious crostinis. 3. Lonza - Interesting fava beans and ricotta salad. It was a great balancer to other heavier things, although I wouldn't really put this on the top of my list to order. Onto the pasta. 1. Beef cheek ravioli - This is a secret dish that I believe is from Mario's other restaurant, B&B. We got it with truffle on top. This was heavily talked up, but not exactly my cup of tea. When it comes to pasta, I prefer red sauce over white, meaning this dish was way too rich for me. Delicious nonetheless, but not my favorite.2. Gnocchi - Surprisingly good. I never usually like gnocchi so this is quite possibly the best gnocchi I've had. Comes with English peas, prosciutto, ricotta salata. It's not over the top rich and it's really chewy. 3. Orecchiette - Sweet sausage and broccoli rabe, come in red sauce. This was the best pasta of the night. SO addicting and chewy. Get it.Now the main course - MEAT.1. Lamb chops - Split between 6 people, we got one rack each. The lamb was so tender and did not have that gamy flavor lamb usually has. V2. Porterhouse for 2 - Definitely the star of the show. You come here to get this. The filet side of the porterhouse was soo tender and juicy. Especially the part attached to the bone. One of the best steaks I've ever had. 3. Bone in Ribeye - This was better than the strip part of the porterhouse, but worse than the filet. All around, it felt like the better bang for the buck than the porterhouse.Of course they wouldn't let us leave without dessert...we had two things but the strawberry shortcake was money.
5	Our trip in was an incredible experience, beginning to end. Great recipes & great service. Go for the age dried Carne, 90 days of delicious!
2	Not much culinary expertise here, just plain meat with no veggies or sides included with your fifty dollar steak. Waiters r not polite either. Really wish I could return this over priced garbage .
4	I was in town with friends to celebrate my bday and we chose this restaurant to have a classy dinner. The ambiance was very cool although I was curious why they needed an anatomically correct bull in the restaurant. The service was phenomenal from our very helpful waiter to the sweet sommelier who recognized a girl who knows what she wants when he sees one. Food wise, we sampled a lot. This included our standout favorite, grilled octopus, light citrusy scallops and a salad to start. For our entrees, we shared a variety if steaks. They sure do undercook things here by a lot so mention your preferences more than twice. They thankfully refired the bloody as hell New York that I asked to be well done. I don't dig red cow- just brown cow for me. Our sides of asparagus and the mashed potatoes were to die for though. Love. Never had an egg in the potatoes before though. Our desserts were the pans cotta, a peanut butter thingy and cannoli. The peanut butter dessert came with a bday candle in it and happy bday written on the plate. Yay! All in all, I can happily recommend this place and will return.
2	We had pretty disappointing service here and the food was not worth the price we paid.  The hostesses were not very accommodating when we replied that no, we did not have a reservation.  We noticed there were plenty of open tables in the restaurant ... perhaps those were in fact for people who had reservations.  They told us we could sit in the bar or their next available opening was at 9:30 p.m. (no thanks), so we sat in the bar.The salad I ordered was only lettuce with dressing and a piece of toast with sardines on it.  How that constitutes a salad worth paying more than a couple of bucks for I don't know.  Our friend's pasta came out with a hair in it so she sent it back.  We waited a while to get a fresh plate out.  In the meantime, we asked several times for new silverware and no one could seem to be bothered to bring us new silverware so we got up and got it ourselves from their cabinet.  The other plates we ordered were mediocre at best - nothing to write home about.Overall this was very disappointing.  We often stay at the Palazzo and it is nice to have a convenient restaurant in the hotel, but we will not be eating here again.  Would recommend spending this kind of money somewhere else!
3	We visit Vegas several times a year and love the different restaurants available. This time it was Carnevino. We had reservations at 700 but arrived earlier. No problem. We were taken right in. We were brought a nice ciabatta role with lardo butter and whipped butter which was delicious. Grilled octopus, great. The problem was with the entrees. I had read about their way of cooking steak, but didn't believe it. I should have. The very expensive strip steak came out mooing. We ate half of it and the area by the bone was really raw. We made the waiter aware just to tell the chef. We weren't looking for anything. The steak was taken off the bill.  Very surprised. Excellent service. Food mediocre
5	We have wanted to try Carnevino for years, but always went to our tried and true favorites in Las Vegas.  On our last night in town yesterday, we found ourselves in the Palazzo and decided to get some pasta at the bar before shopping.  What a wonderful experience!  The bar staff and manager could not have been more friendly or attentive and we felt at home enjoying some of the most delicious ravioli we've ever tasted (we had the beef cheek special and it was amazing). We were also treated to complimentary fried cheese, delicious rosemary bread with savory duck fat spread, and very generous wine pours.  Carnevino will now be one of the places we always go when visiting Las Vegas.
2	The music played in the restaurant was like listening to a heavy metal band.  It was too loud. The speakers are on the wall above your table.  You cannot carry on a conversation with others at your table without shouting.  Even after mentioning the loud music to the server they turned it down one decibel. The service was attentive.  The food was good but for the price I had higher expectations. One person wore a bathing suit and T shirt.  Too many baseball caps, backwards of course.  Too pricey for the atmosphere and ambience.Dave HOrange, CA.
5	Very good steak house that actually earned its fifth star on pasta.  I have been to many steak houses and it is very hard to differentiate but Carnevino did a good job.The highlight of the meal was ravioli stuffed with beef cheeks, a special of the day and I believe a Battali specialty.  They were great, and the balsamic drizzled on it made the dish.For an entree shared a porterhouse for two.  Luckily, the waiter and other Yelpers warned how they cook on the rare side and people are not exaggerating.  I hate over cooked steak but we ordered it medium and ended up with rare or rare +, which was perfect but anything less would not have been.  The strength of the steak was the aging, and you could definitely taste the age flavor (and that is a good thing).  Also had fried eggplant as a side, and that was great.For dessert, had a very good pistachio cannoli.  It was actually two large cannolis and I would have been happy with one.  The steak and ravioli earned that fifth star in a competitive steak field.
4	You must try the 240 day aged ribeye steak. It's def one of the best steaks I've ever had. It has an ultra beefy blue cheese "ness" that's rich and amazing. You have to order by the inch but one inch is a large portion. They serve the steaks tomahawk style on the bone leaving the short rib on and suggest picking up the bone for that cave man indulgence. They carve the beef table side and medium rare on the rare side. The beef cheeks ravioli was crazy bomb too. A must pasta course...The service here is immaculate too. Hats off to Mario Batali and team.
5	I'm a vegetarian, and I love this place.  Excellent wine selection!  Service is second to none.  Been there many times.
5	One of the most amazing steakhouses I have ever been to. The filet Mignon and the aged ribeye were incredible. It's every bit worth the price.
5	Okay, negative reviews solely based on price are not fair! Food and Service don't get much better on the Strip...From lardo butter, to grilled octopus, to the massive porterhouse steak to the citrus chocolate dessert. Everything I ate and drank was worth the large bill.I'm in Vegas usually once or twice every 3-6 months and I have eaten EVERYWHERE.  Thanks to the tourist destination, the celebrity chefs and bright lights most the restaurants on the Strip will be overpriced and/or expensive.  In my eyes,  overpriced means the meal was not worth what was charged.  Expensive means the meal was in fact, expensive but good!Our party of 4 spent around $500, included bottle of wine, cocktails, appetizers, steak (the porterhouse is large enough for four to share), dessert and after dinner cappuccinos.  We all were so happy with bellies filled with awesomeness, the bill was a mere afterthought (it helps if you rock the craps table before you go in !)The atmosphere is cocktail meets rock 'n'roll. Its loud and weird and personally, I would eat here regularly if it was in my budget!
5	I loved this place. I'm a huge Batali fan and was worried if his restaurant would hold up in Vegas as often those of celebrity chefs do not. (See my review on Alain Ducasse's Mix) and I was not disappointed. The food was fantastic. Wine parings delicious. I had the pasta with lamb ragu and it was amazing. Everyone else had either meat or pork and they loved it. I would absolutely return.
5	I almost never leave reviews, but feel compelled to do so here in order to communicate just how impressed I was with the professionalism of the Carnevino staff yesterday evening.  My wife and I had tried to dine at another Strip restaurant, but left after the hostess treated us rudely and with an extreme lack of class.  Even though we arrived at Carnevino at 11:05 p.m., well after the final dinner seating, the manager on duty graciously allowed us to sit in the main dining room, where one other group was still dining.  We have eaten at many other Batali restaurants, both here and in New York, and the food is almost always stellar.  This meal was no exception.  We started off with two sides -- mushrooms and fregola/corn -- as appetizers.  Both were healthy portions (close to family style in size), and both were well executed.  For mains, we shared the (1) spago pasta with lamb ragu and (2) tagliatelle with vegetable ragu.  As to the latter, the ragu typically accompanies the gnocchi, but the chef agreed to accommodate my request to sub in tagliatelle.  At the "other restaurant" (which shall remain nameless), we had been instructed to order quickly because it was late and the kitchen wanted to close (even though the dining room was still full of people ordering food).  At Carnevino, by contrast, they attended to us as if we were VIPs, despite the late hour.  All in all, the food was great once again.  But on this night, it was the superb service that salvaged what otherwise would have been a horrible night.
1	Real nothing special. Waiter mislead us on several items. Real quite disappointing. Ate in under 40 minutes and left
5	This was truly one of the absolute best dining experiences we have ever had. The service was incredible,  the food so delicious and the atmosphere was wonderful.  The porterhouse bone in cut was possibly the most flavorful steak we ever had. I highly recommend it!
5	The Dry Aged Bone-In Ribeye was outstanding.
5	Really really great! I believe the pasta i had for lunch was called 'Spago' OMG so good, not an overwhelming portion either, it was just enough for me and the salad I had was delicious as well.
5	This is my favorite restaurant in Vegas.  It is a bit overpriced, but the food is to die for!  I think they have the best steaks in town.  The Rosemary Bread with churned butter and lardo are a great starter.  You will not find better service anywhere.  I try to go about once a month and the staff all knows who I am.  Last time I even had a bad experience with the steak not cooked right, and the manager made it right.  Also, don't forget to have dessert.  I'm not a "sweets" eater, but I never pass on it there.  It is out of this world!  The freshness of the ingredients really shows, as well.
1	We had planned to have dinner here during a recent trip to Vegas and were quite excited to dine at a Batali restaurant and, in particular, try the riserva steak.  At the time we made the reservation we asked if the riserva would be available (it was a couple of weeks ahead of time) and they said they couldn't say we had to ask that day.  Our reservation day arrived and I called again to find out whether they had the riserva available.  They said they couldn't tell me until we actually showed up.  I explained to the woman on the phone that we planned to eat at CV specifically for the riserva and might have to dine elsewhere.  She said there was nothing she could do.  So we cancelled the reservation and had an absolutely outstanding meal at Nobu.
5	Great atmosphere and awesome steak house. Waiter was very knowledgeable on their steaks and it was one of the best steaks I ever had. It's very expensive restaurant but it's definitely worth it.
2	The beef cheeks ravioli was the highlight of the meal -- the chop salad was just okay, and I make a better ribeye at home on our grill, unfortunately.  Still a really nice restaurant, but for $400 for two people, I would have wanted it to be a very memorable steak.
5	We had an absolutely fabulous dinner here. And our expectations at a Mario Batali restaurant, at the Venetian-Palazzo, and in Vegas in general, were high to say the least. Appetizers were calamari and bruschetta with house made burrata and squash were awesome. Definitely the star of the show was the ricotta and egg raviolo in brown butter. Three out of four of us ordered it and they were FANTASTIC. yolk broke into the sauce and the pasta was nice and thin. Perfection. Honestly this was rich enough i wouldn't have needed the seafood spaghetti I ordered, even though it was tasty and very generous with the seafood. Other entrees at the table included the game hen which she liked a lot, too. Service was almost perfect, took the waiter too long to ask if we wanted the check given how likely it was we needed to leave and make a show (which we did). But more importantly the waitstaff has obviously been very well trained. They do not push food on you and they advise you how most people order (most people split a pasta and split a steak, etc.) even though it might not benefit the overall bill total for him. Fantastic evening.  Highly recommend as long as you have the budget.
5	Wow the dry-aged ribeye for 2 was amazing along with the lamb chops.  Ribeye was very tender, moist and flavorful.  Lamb chops were the best I've ever had - they kept the fat caps on so it was very fatty, juicy, and also flavorful and sweet (though my mom thought they were too fatty but I thought that was the best part).  For 3 people this was more than enough food.  We almost couldn't finish it all with a side of roasted beets which was also very yum.  Be prepared to spend some $$$ as the ribeye for 2 was $72/person and the lamb chops alone was $63.  I think you can easily get either the ribeye or lamb chops and share a pasta or appetizer to compliment.  Great selection of wine as well.  Would definitely come back!!
5	Fantastic cocktails, service, lots of thoughtful complimentary tidbits offered through dinner, and an AMAZING 3 month aged ribeye.  The background music did take me off guard, but I have to say it doesn't detract.  Truly, the service was fantastic.  This place deserved better than 3.5 stars.
3	This restaurant is good but really not worth the price. I had the New York strip. It was tough.
5	A very sophisticated wine selection with real trained sommeliers.   The food paired deliciously from a great chef, and the waiters are top of the line.I had the dry aged beef which was well worth every penny.   I didn't spare any expense as I was taking my father-in-law .  It was his 1st trip to Las Vegas.  Appetizers,  French onion soup, Ceasar salad, sides,  dessert and espresso. $800 with wine. Memories are made here.
2	My steak was great, but my wife's pasta came out underdone and the waitress felt like having a 20 minute conversation with another table instead of fixing the problem. When we asked that this be corrected the bread came out cold and the drinks were never refilled.
4	I love Carnevino. My partner and I are huge Mario fans. Both times I've been in Las Vegas I've made sure to visit. Our first experience in 2008 or 2009 was amazing (5 stars). Great waiter who helped us find the perfect wine for our meals. He was by far the best waiter I've ever had. The filet and steak tartar just blew me away. This year, I went to Carnevino after having a meal at Cut (I had the Waygu beef so I know it's not a fair comparison). The waiters at Carnevino were less friendly this time-younger and seemed less experienced. They were a little snobby, which is really unfortunate. The meal was great but it did not blow me away like the first time. We accidentally received wedges  instead of greens (which they kindly gave us for free because of the mix up). I remember the dry texture of the wedges and for some reason that's what I taste when I think of Carnevino, and that makes me sad. I don't have pity for the reviewers that said their beef was undercooked. Steak should be served medium-rare and if you don't like it that way, I think you should eat your steak at home. Haha.
3	A group of 10 of us came here for a friend's birthday and we were treated with exceptional service. The service here is definitely not lacking and not an issue whatsoever.They ran out of braised short ribs even though we had dinner reservations super early before the restaurant even got remotely packed. This was really disappointing to the group of us that ordered the dish.I thought the Spaghetti ai Frutti di Mare was just A-OK, but nothing special. The dish came with plenty of seafood, which was great, but the pasta was just too hard for my taste. My boyfriend absolutely loved the beef cheek ravioli. It is one of their specials, so don't except to find it on their menu. The mascarpone & guanciale mashed potatoes were AMAZING! Definitely recommend it and the desserts were all yummy. Can't really go wrong with any of them.Overall...I thought dinner was A-OK, but I won't go out of my way to come back.
5	This place is amazing!!! Truly the best steakhouse west of the Mississippi!!! What makes this place so great is not only the food but the atmosphere. The staff was seamless and all were knowledgable about the menu. I enjoyed that the menu wasn't traditional, there was steak but the eggplant side and the beet side was to die for. Layers of flavor that were amazing. Will be back again and again!
2	My friends and I decided we would go to one of the top rated restaurants one night during our trip for this past teachers conference. The only thing about this place that was exceptional was the server Albert. he was very friendly and funny, making us feel comfortable.  however the other server John acted as if he could not be bothered with our table and really was just rushing us out and then had the audacity to request 20% from our party of 5. The food is overrated, for a $50 filet it had very little flavor everything was overpriced even for Vegas. We have no intention of going again.
4	I've been here three times now and always come away impressed, though I have to say my recent third visit was a little less impressive than the first two. The first time I came, I had the NY Strip and it was, without a doubt, the best steakhouse beef I've ever had. The second time I had the filet at the bar and it was also delicious. This time, a buddy and I made our own surf and turf, as he got the NY Strip and I got the seafood pasta and we shared. The steak was not as good as the first two times. Oh, it was still good, it just wasn't GREAT like the first couple. The seafood pasta was nice, but a couple of bits of the lobster were tough and I was hoping for more spice. I will give them major props for the octopus appetizer, which was hands down the best octopus I've ever had. Incredibly tender and with rich flavor from a superb limoncello marinade. Batali has a way with the eight-tentacled creature, because the second-best octopus I've ever had was at the B&B over in the Venetian. Another person at the table got the three double-cut lamb chops and it was enormous almost to the point of being ridiculous. I mean, this was not Mary's little lamb--this was a monster. As some others have mentioned, the sauces here are entirely extraneous and unnecessary. For the vast majority of dishes, the regular preparation is plenty of seasoning. The sides were hit and miss. The hit was the spinach with garlic and hot pepper, which was a cool take on steakhouse spinach, being something other than creamed. The mascarpone mashed potatoes, though, were the sorriest excuse for mashed potatoes ever placed in front of me at a steakhouse. I'd say they tasted like instant, except that would be an insult to instant. I really hope it was just an off night for the potato chef. Service and pacing were on point, as you would expect from these owners in this location.Couple of other notes: When we ordered the NY Strip medium-rare, we were told, "Our medium-rare is more like rare." Huh? Isn't this thing supposed to be somewhat standardized? I mean, if it's "more like rare", then call it rare and stop confusing people who went to Double Helix and had two pear winetinis before dinner.Also, this restaurant is huge. (I guess it would have to be, just to store the lamb chops.) But I mean really, I believe there are Palazzo guestroom bathrooms that are closer to the tables than the one in the restaurant. Plan ahead and start walking when you sort of have to tinkle; don't wait until you REALLY have to tinkle.
5	This place is not for everyone and that is OK.I really enjoyed my 100 day dry aged ribeye, and the other items I ordered.I think this place gets unfairly knocked for the following reasons:It's an Italian Steakhouse.  They don't do 14 sauces or Emeril Laggase style spice rubs.  They take amazing beef, season it with some restraint and cook it beautifully.  Some people will not like beef as the star, they like more going on with their steaks and that's fine but that's not what Carnevino does. I see Carnevino's steaks as the margherita pizza of steaks, simple, beautiful, and tasty.Secondly It's pricey, so if anything is not to someones personal liking they are more upset due to the price.The last reason I think people knock this and other good steakhouses is because they offer some boring vegetable side dishes. Some people like fresh, simple veg with their steak.  If that's not you don't order the broccoli. Order some cheesy or creamy side if you want rich and savory on top of rich and savory.Service was top notch, friendly, and informative, not stuffy or intimidating.If you have some extra coin, give it a try.  I had an amazing meal there.I hope this review turns some people away from going to Carnevino  because it's not good for people to spend their money on something they don't care for and it's not good for Carnevino to get bad reviews from people who come to eat there wanting something that they don't offer.
4	How could one not be a fan of Carnevino?! It's amazing! The food was excellent, the service was excellent, and the drinks were flowing. If you find yourself in Vegas craving a really good piece of meat, and have an overflowing wallet, this is the place to go! While the prices were a little high for my tastes, our traveling buddies wanted to take us here. We definitely enjoyed our meal, by far it was amazing. I sampled things I hadn't before, and it was all around enjoyable. The service was excellent, many different servers stopped by our table for different things, and each was extremely professional and friendly. I absolutely loved the corn side dish, it was by far my favorite. I also LOVED the potatoes with the egg (who woulda thunk?), that was amazing. The steak was great, if you have the budget to spend.
2	I'm only giving them 2 starts because if you're not a cowboy, you won't be welcomed. The food gets 5 stars, but after our experience I believe there exists racial discrimination from the wait staff towards the customer. And that does not bode well for an overall dining experience. IF I eat there again, I'll order take out.
5	We ordered the beef ribeye for two, the pork chop, the beef cheek ravioli, mixed mushrooms with onion, and the parmesan potatoes. It was so amazing. It was the biggest steak I've ever seen. Something out of the Flintstones with the bone attached. They carve it table side and finish it with extra virgin olive oil. The beers and wine were light and complemented the meat. The ambiance, the expert waiting staff, and the location  are all part of the experience. You get what you pay for and this, abiet expensive was worth it.
2	I was in Las Vegas for a trade show and took 8 associates to dinner. The service and presentation were professional and informative. We ordered 4 appetizers and they were all superb. The side dishes were all to die for. Now, the bad news. I have eaten in steakhouses all over America and in my all time favorite city for steak, Florence, Italy, which I suppose Carnevino attempts to emulate. The quality of the meat is not even up to the standards of a typical country roadhouse. The NY strip was tough and had absolutely no flavor. No way are they serving prime beef. For $61.00 per strip,  I expect perfection. I feel hustled. The filets were no better according to others at the table. If you are serious about, beef, stay away. Two stars only because apps and sides are superb.
5	Everything still stands from my previous review PLUS they've added a Cicchetti menu which is the Italian version of tapas. My wife and I ordered one of each of the 10 offerings and they were all delicious with special consideration being given to the Carne Cruda. Amazing cocktails and a very talented bar staff and props to the always amazing Chef Nicole.
5	This steak house has hands-down the BEST pork chop I've ever had in my life.  Medium well, thick juicy tender cut of heaven.  That and the lard spread are both to die for!  If I were on death row and was to request a last meal before I part this world.. I would choose this pork chop.
5	I can't believe this place only has 3.5 stars. Are y'all crazy?! I'm guessing it's because of the prices. It can't be the food, there is just no way. This is a 5 star restaurant hands down. They have 9 month aged dry bone in rib-eye for heaven's sake. That's 273.9 days! The quality of their meat is perfect. This place is perfect.It's pricey, but what do you expect in Las Vegas? If you can't afford it go test your luck at a black jack table. Trust me, you'll wish you did. Best steak I have ever tasted.
3	So we went here last night for my friend's 30th birthday. Since we had such a big group we had a reduced menu to help get the orders in faster. I was a little irritated that the reduced menu didn't have any vegetarian entree alternatives but thats was probably my friends fault not theres. they brought me out a full menu, unfortunately i was disappointed by the fact that all of there pasta's were made tomato sauce, which is fine but i really want a pasta dish with some Alfredo sauce. the the three courses i had were ok but nothing to write home about. I will admit the service was really good, im not sure i would go here again.
3	I am a big Mario Batali fan and have really enjoyed some of his other establishments such as Eataly and Mozza, but Carnevino left me wanting more.// LOCATION // In the Palazzo at the entrance of the casino on the strip so no need to walk deep into the casino to find it. // FOOD //     + Ricotta and egg ravioli: Beautiful ravioli, but the 1 large ravioli I received for the small portion could not justify the anything but small price tag     + Porterhouse: Tried a bit of the porterhouse, but it lacked flavor and did not pack the punch you would imagine steak would at a steakhouse.
4	My favorite steak place.  Dry Aged Bone In Rib Eye is the way to go.  This place. is bit on the pricey side though.  One reason you gotta love this place is its variety; great steaks, great pastas, great seafood, great wine selection.  I always stop in when I  am in Las Vegas.
3	I'm giving this place three stars for a couple of reasons. One, the food wasn't what's expected for an Italian steak house when you're getting an average meal for the hype of an iron chef rep. The atmosphere was average, the service was better than ok, but what intrigued me the most what the food.  The food was not an an elevated status like you would expect from a place that has a well known industry Titan. Food plus a few bottles of wine, will set you back a couple of thousand dollars. Definitely my not favorite place in my Vegas experience!
3	We came here under high recommendation and we came away with a very good steak house dinner. Not the best of my life, but very good.The atmosphere is pure steak house with the Sommelier station right in the middle of the dinning room where we were seated (more on that later).  Our server was knowledgeable and friendly. He had many suggestions based on our feedback. The wine list is extensive and we ordered a nice Cab. For mains we each had the same-Filet Mignon (no bone) which was very good. The highlight for me was the mashed potatoes with egg. I could have consumed 2 or 3 of them. It was just a perfect combination and piping hot. I'm hungry now just writing about it!For dessert I ordered the chocolate and peanut butter torte. It was fine but not great. My double espresso was outstanding.One thing bothered me a bit most of the evening. I watched the Sommelier and his assistants (they were right in front of our table) spend a lot of time preparing many wines for the tables around us. They seemed to almost overdue it. They would pour a very small amount in each glass and coat the entire glass with it then pour it out. They would often light a match under the bottle (to look for sediment?). It almost seemed contrived to the point it did annoy me. Hey-in Vegas I guess you're supposed to put on a show. Bottom line: It's a very good steak house but next time if I feel like a filet I will probably go back to SW or Eiffel Tower.
5	In short, the meal that my wife and I had at Carnevino was simply the best meal I've ever had. Service was impeccable and the food was stunning and delicious.Our server was friendly, enthusiastic, and attentive. He overheard that it was my birthday and planned accordingly without my wife having to take him aside. The warm rosemary ciabatta bread was served with their "lardo" spread - soft, rendered pork fat mixed with butter and flecks of bacon - and it was delicious.We started with the heirloom tomato caprese and the cheese wasn't the usual buffalo mozzarella - it was a special blend that our server said without a hint of bravado that they've simply searched years to find the exact right blend, and after one taste I believe him. It tasted amazing.My wife's veal scallopini in porcini mushroom sauce was the best she's ever had, anywhere. My $65 New York bone-on strip steak was cut table-side and arranged on my plate by a server with almost magical knife skills. The chef sent us a complimentary roasted corn "first of the season" dish in cast-iron which was fresh, crunchy, salty, and spicy. The mashed potatoes with mascarpone cheese had an egg cracked in it and was rich and delicious.My steak was dry aged for 3 months, cooked perfectly medium rare, and was hands down the best steak I've ever eaten. The texture and flavor was complex and beefy. I've simply never had a steak as good as this. It was served with a sprinkling of sea salt and a drizzle of extra virgin olive oil. At home I can cook an excellent steak but I quite literally have no idea how they cooked or made this piece of meat taste so incredible.A complimentary lemon flavored aperitif followed our meal. Tiramisu for dessert, with Happy Birthday written in chocolate sauce, with 3 complimentary flavors of gelato. Like the steak, this tiramisu was leaps and bounds better than any other I've had.My only minor complaint is that the only music being played was non-stop Van Morrison. I'm fine with VM, and it fits the style and ambiance of the restaurant very well, but a little more variety would have been nice. It was like someone had an iPod filled with hours of VM-only songs and just hit Shuffle for the 2 hours we were there.Next time I'm in Las Vegas I will cancel any other plans I've made elsewhere to have a chance to eat at this restaurant again.
1	I can't begin to tell you all the problems we had with this restaurant again won't be back, would not recommend this one. Mario Battali needs to actually visit his restaurants and train his staff on waiting tables and cooking steaks.
3	I didn't have reservations, so I scoured the Palazzo's site for a dinner house, and stumbled on CarneVino. It's Mario Batali's place, aside from B & B, so I figured hurray! Maybe it will be like Pizzeria Mozza. NOPE. It was more like Osteria Mozza, but meatier, and sticker shock. Now, we're staying at the Palazzo and had Joel Robuchon reservations, so prize isn't an issue. When you're expecting it. I'll pay $10 for ice cream when I know it's $10 ice cream. Mr. V was also not in a terrific mood - mostly due to not being able to hear the waiter well with his heavy accent and low voice, so when he didn't understand the way that the per person for two prices were laid out, his cage was rattled - so the meal wasn't as pleasant as I had wished. I ordered a house glass of white wine because CarneVino is a place where bottles are ordered, and Mr. V doesn't drink wine. I ordered the prosciutto with melon slices, which was absolutely wonderful. The prosciutto was so delicately sliced and just the right amount of salty. The melon slices were soft and juicy, not overly sweet/ripe, and made a nice after bite when I was done with the prosciutto. I didn't role them much, just enjoyed the pink slices with my fingers and glass of wine.Now, having been to Batali's two Mozzas in LA, I've had his egg ravioli, his ragus, his octopus, his cheeses, and I'm not going to eat a porterhouse steak by myself. All their steak offerings were just too large for me. So I went with his seafood stew, which was very similar to cioppino. If anything, that's what it was without being called that. It was spicier than I'd anticipated, so it actually upset my stomach. That's not the stew's fault, but my own for not eating much throughout the day that wasn't done through a straw. The head-on shrimp (two in two days!) was the best part of it though. No matter the upsetness of my belly, I was not letting that guy leave my table uneaten. It was good overall, but would've liked less spicy. Or been told it would be spicy. Mr. V ordered the 20oz pork loin, bone-in. Now, pork is strange in the way that you want it fully cooked, but not...well done, so to speak. So there's a delicate balance between juicy and tough with the white meats. Mr. V immediately said "chef's preference", but the waiter hung back and said that maybe it was a little pink. Pink on pork is not really that appetizing, so Mr. V said medium, and the waiter bowed his head and left. Well, bad idea. Because the pork was tough - and this was AFTER Mr. V had given his okay to however it should be cooked! I was actually astonished, and almost wanted to send it back FOR him. But the charred edges with caramelized butter were so, so good. He ate the entire thing, so it wasn't so bad. But definitely not what I would've expected, especially AFTER the waiter had advised against Mr. V's wishes. The restaurant was okay - and as usual, I'd like to give places more than one chance because every place/couple have a bad night. Mr. V was not happy though, and I can definitely understand why.
5	The best lunch that we had in Vegas. A quiet, tasteful, welcome respite from the clutter and noise of the casino. The arugula salad was excellent, especially with the featured goat cheese, and the calamari was the best I've had. Would definitely return for dinner.
5	I have eaten at Carnevino 4 times now, and each time has been a unique experience. One time I even ate here for lunch. The house ribeye for 2 cut table side is a must. They specialize in Dry Aged Beef, which is an art. There are relatively few places left where they dry age the beef in-house. If you haven't tried such a thing, you must go here.The pasta dishes and salads are also surprisingly good. I feel like there is something for everyone here. Even a vegetarian has more choices than just the veggie sides or a basic salad.
1	I hated everything about my meal. We were a group of 10 and each person had a complaint. We addressed out complaints to the manager who didn't seem to care. Needless to say I would never go back. It was overpriced and the portions were like for a tasting menu.
4	If you want a break from the hustle and bustle of Vegas, carnevino offers up top shelf servings of steak and a great selection of meats. You don't have to go for their famed steak, I have had the scaloppine and the cotoletta the last couple of visits and they were sensational. Wine list is vast but extremely top heavy in Vegas fashion. I still have the menu from two years ago which had some better picks in the $80-120 price point that is the sweet spot.
5	We were in Vegas for the weekend of our 10th anniversary.  We went to Carnevino on our last night, Sept. 7.  The attention from the staff was phenomenal and the food was to die for.We were seated in near the wall, right underneath a speaker, which was very loud.  When we asked the hostess if they could turn the music down, she immediately brought over the manager who apologized for the music but explained that the volume couldn't be lowered but that he would gladly move us to another room.  The next room, the wine room, was much smaller, quieter and more intimate.  The wait staff was extremely knowledgeable about all the dishes and could explain everything without having to refer to the menu.  We started out with a shared pasta plate of Garganelli Bolognese.  The pasta is similar to a penne, and the Bolognese sauce was divine.  I'm Italian and grew up eating all kinds of pasta with homemade "gravy" and this was the 2nd best dish of pasta I had ever had in my entire life.  The best was a few years ago in a hole in the wall place in Venice.  If this wasn't a steak restaurant, I would have had an entire dish of that pasta.We ordered the rib eye for 2, cooked medium rare, with a side of Mascarpone & Guanciale Mashed Potatoes.  The steak, dry-aged in house for 90 days, was cooked perfectly and they sliced it tableside off the bone.  Before serving, they sprinkled some sea salt and drizzled each dish with a limited edition virgin olive oil.  I wish we weren't 3,000 miles away because my dog would have LOVED to have that bone.  It was at least a foot long.  The potatoes came with a poached egg on top (I missed that part of the description or I probably wouldn't have ordered them) and the server broke the egg and mixed it in.  I was horrified, but it was fantastic!  The egg and the mascarpone gave the potatoes a heavenly richness that I've never tasted before.  Guanciale is a pork jowl bacon and it really brought the potatoes to a higher level.   This is a high-end steakhouse, but WELL worth the price.  I wish there were one here in NYC.
5	We had a fantastic dinning experience last night.  It was amazing.  The service was spot on and the steak we ordered was one of the best i have ever had!  I don't type that lightly either.  Trust me, get the bone in rib eye for two cooked medium.  You'll feel like Fred Flinstone lol  Yes, it's a little pricy but for 90 day aged steak what would you expect?  Go to IHOP if you want a cost effective steak.  You get what you pay for in life....   Their wine list is one of the most extensive I've seen in Vegas, though not a drinker my friends from LA were in town and said they were very, very impressed.  Oh yeah, be sure to get the cream corn, though not as sweet as STK or SW's it is the actual kernal shucked in house!  Play really cool music too....
5	We keep coming back to this place every time we are in Vegas. From the drinks to the dessert , perfection. The bone in ribeye is the best steak we have ever had ! The wine list is extensive . We had the grilled octopus appetizer and it was so tender. We chose sides of roasted beets which were juicy and the decadent mashed potatoes. Every bite of the ribeye was heaven on earth. The homemade gelato - I had pumpkin spice - was the perfect ending to this dining experience. The service is second to none, friendly without being stuffy. I love it when I learn things about food from the staff and they are well versed in all aspects of the choices on the menu. Worth every penny spent there !
5	The young gals at the hostess desk had me worried we chose wrong.  However, our waiter, Jared, quickly changed my opinion.  He was helpful, polite and prompt. Another nice gentleman brought out a sample appetizer "compliments of the chef". The wine list is impressive though I was in a beer mood. Carnevino didn't disappoint. I had an Italian beer that Jared recommended. Then a Estrella Inedit, so smooth and good (Jared recommended). I had the filet. It was great. I'm a freak who likes her filet well done so the center was too rare for me but the outside was delicious.  The only bad thing were the hostesses.
4	This was my first time at Carnevino and I loved it! We came for a nice dinner before a show with another couple, and all enjoyed the experience. I recommend their ribeye (this is what my fiance and his friend shared), the mushrooms (oh gosh, the BEST I've ever had), mashed potatoes and spinach. The sides were surprisingly delicious! I had the NY strip and it was good but honestly I wasn't blow away...upon reflection I should have ordered the filet. I was really thankful that the waiter steered us towards ordering our meat a bit more well-done than we usually do (medium instead of medium rare) because they do tend to cook more rare. The best part about Carnevino was the service though. I have been to other Vegas restaurants, but they have some of the best servers here! Everyone was helpful, courteous and NOT pretentious. The waiter was honest with us and didn't let us down. I would definitely go back!
4	Came here for my dads 70th birthday. Food was pretty dang good. I had the New York strip steak. It was cooked well. Also had the mashed potatoes. Those are a must. They open a fresh egg into it table side and it just adds an element of richness to the flavor. Only reason not 5 stars is because the service wasn't great. I don't mind paying the prices here, but service should then be impeccable. Especially with all the great places to eat in vegas. Would I go back?  Sure. Are there other places I want to try before going back?  Absolutely.
5	Items Selected:Peach BelliniGougeres with GorgonzolaRosemary Rolls with Lardo and Salted ButterGrilled Octopus with pickled vegetables and limoncelloInsalata Caprese with burrata and basilBruschetta di Stracciatella with charred summer squashCarne Cruda Alla Piemontese - chopped to order steak tartareTagliata di Manzo with BBL beef, arugula, parmigianoBeef Cheek Ravioli with aceto balsamicoGnocchi with summer vegetable raguRicotta and Egg Raviolo with brown butter"Creamed" Corn with pickled peppersSauteed Mixed Mushrooms with spring onionsFried Eggplant with tomato & ricottaMascarpone & Guanciale Mashed PotatoesCider and Salt Brined 20oz Bone-In Pork Chop240+ Day Dry Aged 2.5" Riserva Porterhouse240+ Day Dry Aged 2" Riserva New York Strip90+ Day Dry Aged Bone-In Ribeye90+ Day Dry Aged FiorentinaGorgonzola Mascarpone SauceChocolate & Peanut Butter Torte with peanut brittle, salted caramelCannoli - pistachio brittle, chocolate chip ricottaChocolate Cake with bing cherries and candied pecansPumpkin Spice GelatoPear, Melon, Pink Lady Apple SorbetVanilla Bean Gelato AfogattoIn a town where "Whales," "Ballers," and "High Rollers" command comps at many Top-Tables it should come as no surprise that the opportunity to indulge on exotic ingredients is available to those willing to pay, yet when it comes to Sin City's very best beef the question becomes even more complicated - an answer involving not just cash, but time.  Known by the term 'Riserva' and nowhere present on the restaurant menu our eight-top's 240+ day dry-aged steak experience actually began years prior with selective sourcing, breeding, feeding, butchery, as well as storage - an aged bacteria direct from Italy driving the latter - and with each stage described at length throughout the course of a 3.5 hour meal that entailed no less than twenty other outstanding plates plus far too many drinks it can only be said that nothing could have prepared us for the meal's apex, four different steaks plus a chop offering an education in things few will ever have the opportunity to taste.  Having already visited Carnevino twice, with wowed results each time, it seems almost a crime to gloss over items like a textbook bellini thick with white peach or tartare so tender it simply dissolved on the tongue but with all apologies to tender pastas including the famous beef cheek ravioli as well as the "super chicken" egg raviolo suffice it to say that only a single side of mushrooms was less than exemplary...but not a one of them could match the meats, the younger steaks and chop easily on par with those from last year while the Riserva was almost unimaginably tender with a flavor profile that ranged from walnuts to stilton to truffles as a buttery basenote lingered in each bite.   Undoubtedly a big budget event in a space not unaccustomed to such things it was finally with a table of desserts followed by a small plate of cookies that the evening would end and visited by head chef Nicole Brisson before our departure each of us said our thanks - an invite to tour the aging facility something I look forward to doing soon and a return visit already in the planning stages for when my friends are next in town.Considered by some, including myself, to be the best steakhouse in the country even before this meal suffice it to say that Carnevino upped the stakes (and steaks) for all future meals here in Las Vegas - the private room, the exquisite services, the specially requested soundtrack of Pearl Jam's Ten played throughout the restaurant, more than a handful of 'gifts' joining each course, and especially the Riserva all making a special meal truly world class.
5	Everything from the time we walked in to the time we left 5 star service and food rating. We got the beef cheek ravioli which isn't on menu but recommend, excellent!!! Table service was exceptional, decor was so beautiful, such a warm welcoming feeling.
2	When old men try and be hip it's just sad. I do not expect or like rock music for 16 year olds played for my fine dining. They would do well to focus on the food instead of the 'tude. My foie was way too salty. My steak was tough and not tender at all. Worst fillet in memory. If these guys reduced their prices in half I would accept more rock, but not with my $100 dinner. Would not go back.
3	Overpriced good food!!  The price of the food did not quite justify the overall quality and certainly not the quantity.  The staff was A+ and excellent service.  Also, they were very knowledgable about the overall menu items and set our expectations very well.  If you want to impress someone, well, maybe a good place.  However, if you are looking for value, I suggest other premium steakhouses.  Call me unreasonable, but I would prefer Ruth's Chris over this restaurant.
4	Great dining experience.  Scallops and Octopus for apetizers.  These dishes are flawless, exactly what we expected from a Mario Batali steakhouse.We skipped the salads and pastas, straight to the steaks.  We got the New York, the Ribeye for 2, and the veal chop, and had them cut up table side and served family style.  The ribeye was hands down the king of the meal.  I even cleaned the bone, picked it up on this $125 a person joint and gnawed on it like a caveman.  It was the best meat on the plate.  For 4 people we couldn't even finish the veal chop which was bland and dry compared to the steaks.The sides of mashed potatos, and broccoli were fine, mushrooms were eh, could have skipped 'em and the corn was really good.
3	Very disappointing. Had a New York steak Italian Batali style I guess.   Came with a sauteed medley of vegetable on top of the steak.  Quit not steak like in my opinion....For price paid, should have went elsewhere in Hotel restaurant instead.Served lard instead of butter with accompaniment of bread assortments. Kinda different bit I prefer butter all the way. :)
3	I went here at the suggestion of my brother and after reading a few write-ups on Yelp.Service:  The service was excellent.  We had a great waiter who was prompt, thorough and thoughtful.Food:  We started with the truffle pasta ($50).  My wife liked it better than me, but I just thought it was ok.  I have had this at other places where it is mouth-watering, but this seemed a little dry.  Perhaps they should have also used truffle oil/butter instead of just shaving truffles on top of the dry pasta.We shared the bone-in ribeye for two- $140.  While they were caving it at the table I noticed that it seemed very fatty - more fatty than most rib eyes.  It was tasted ok, but certainly not worth the money.  It was very rich and decedent.  When we were done there were several large chunks of fat still on our plate.  Normally, I like a well marbleized steak, but this took it to the extreme...plus the cost was too high given what was uneatable.  Abiance - its not the most secluded place in Vegas seeing as it is stick in the middle of a mall.  Our table had some privacy but you could definitely hear the mall traffic.Vegas is filled with great steak places and I am not sure that I would go out of my way to revisit Carnevino....especially given the price point.
5	I'm shocked at the not so good reviews.  My experience was top notch.  I rank Carnevino right up there with Del Frisco and Cut.  Pricey but food was awesome.  A buddy and I were throwing craps for a weekend at Palazzo.  We decided to grab one good meal to go with our otherwise pedestrian burger and pizza diet.  We got the ribeye for 2.  I know, how romantic.  Any how, it's just one of the best steaks I've ever had.  It's cooked a little more rare than normal.  We ordered medium rare and I thought it was closer to rare.  But the waiter did tell us it would be that way and it was still delicious.  Adding to the beefy flavor was a drizzle of oil on top.  For sides wild mushroom and the mashed potatoes with guanciale and egg mixed in.  If you are willing to spend for a great meal, I highly recommend it.P.S.  Everyone was very well dressed but my buddy and I were in ball caps and t shirts and it was no problem.
1	I'm well aware my friends and I chose to come to an expensive place, but this was ridiculous. The food was not mind-blowing but the prices were. Kids meal size pasta dishes for $20 or more. They poured my group water like they would at any other restaurant, but then charged us $50 for that water! It wasn't even like water from the moon or something fancy like that, it was the same type of water that comes out of your sink when you turn it on. What kind of honest place does that? I felt cheated, which I was not expecting from a "nice" place like this. There is a Tacos el Gordo on the strip now, if you are looking to satisfy your inner carnivore then please go there.
1	The services was terrible, we could not understand our server they gave us a new server and neglected us the whole night. Mark Neff 702-321-4020 also spoke to the assistant manager she was going to have the general manager called me and its been 4 days no call back. Had friends that run restaurants on the strip go in there and the service was terrible with them as well.
4	We went there for dinner last night with a friend visiting. It was a very delicious meal. Highly recommend. Our friend ordered a rib eye with a steak sauce,  mashed potato side with a poached egg on top; My husband and I shared a new York steak, dry aged beef tortellini and short rib ravioli. Our friend enjoyed the rib eye a lot. We also like the new York steak very much. We like that it is very tasty, soft, flavorful, and the beef is hormone free and antibiotic free!!! Awesome! The ravioli tasted very great as well. The pasta wasade in house. We were told that the bucatini and spaghetti were dry pasta, others are made in house, that's why we went for ravioli and tortellini. The tortellini tasted great as well but it was very small like an appetizer. At the end, we ended our meal with dessert. We had tiramisu and the gelato (strawberry, pistachio and chocolate). Again they were awesome. I like the tiramisu tasting very fresh and the ingredients were of good quality. It is way better than regular ones from american restaurants. The gelato were made in house as well (they said all desserts are made in house daily and fresh). The gelato is priced $12 and it is comprised of 3 scoops with your selected flavor. We like that the gelato is soft, smooth and tasted clean with real ingredients, no artificial flavor, coloring or thickening agent. It is really awesome.The food is really pricey, it is okay for once in a while, and the food tasted really good. It was a great experience!
5	Absolutely love this place!! We been here about 3 times and is simply royal treatment and amazing food. Yes is pricey but the overall experience was top notch. Our party was about 10+ and again no complaints it was just perfect.
1	They say you should be very careful of pick pocket thieves in Spain but never did I realize I could be safer in Spain than I was at Carnevino in Las Vegas. The staff puts words in your mouth and adds on services that you did not ask for and up charges anything and everything they can in hopes that you are a dumb consumer and will not realize what hit you. Then once you get the bill with an automatic gratuity because we had a group of 40 people the waiter tells you that the $1,800 tip is not shared with you tables wait staff and begs you to add an additional gratuity for them.Soeverything is overpriced, they think they heard you ask for $200 bottles of wine when you didn't, they charge you $20 per head without telling you to have a waiter walk around with a truffle shaver and I could go on. You should really stay as far away from this restaurant as you can. Deliberately unethical.
5	Yes, everything you've read about this place is true. It is fantastically great and worth every dollar. Be prepared to spend about three to four hours here, as it will not only be your dinner, but also the highlight of your evening. Expensive, yes, but well well well worth it. Wear your fancy eating pants and have a great ride!
4	Best Aged-Steak in Vegas!The only down note was the rock music playing.  It didn't fit with that type of fine-dining restaurant.My wife had the filet mignon.  They brought out two (one for each of us) by mistake.  When I told the waiter the correction he told me to enjoy the filet and that he would bring me my aged steak shortly. So...I had the turf-and-turf and it was sensational!
5	I came here with my cousin for her birthday, and we both wanted to indulge on some good Italian. And that we did.The beef cheek ravioli (which was an app on special) was one of the best things I've ever had....if you're lucky enough to go when this dish is available, make sure you get the balsamic drizzle on it....it makes a huge difference, and WOW it's tasty!!!We also had the veal Marsala and roasted eggplant which had a nice amount of mozza cheese and a delish tomato sauce. We shared a bottle of Amarone which perfectly complimented our meal. That reminds me...the wine list is like Christmas for Italian wine lovers.The service was great too - I put a note on Opentable about her b-day and they kept it a surprise which I appreciated.It was a pricey meal but worth the splurge. I will definitely come back next time I'm in town and pray they have that ravioli special!!!
1	Ive been to many steakhouses in LV, the steak here might have been the worst. Over cooked, extremely charred. Calamari wasn't bad. Service was marginal at best
1	Carnet Vino came highly recommended however right from the start and it was nothing but a sheer disaster.  Sure shit from poor service to the most overpriced meals and unflavorful food we were shocked.  Luckily enough we are getting this meal complementary from the casino if we had to pay out of our pockets for this meal I don't think we would've left ever paying........as other review stated kids size meal portions and lackluster flavor of the steak and even the pastas.  We had better steaks at outback or even chilies this was a joke please stay away!!!!!!!
4	Excellent food and service. Pasta is fantastic, atmosphere is nice. Drinks are great..especially the blood orange martini.
2	This restaurant is extremely overpriced for the food delivered. Too many other options in Vegas to come back here.The only positive to the evening was our waiter was a delightful young man. Without him I would give it a 1*.
5	Unquestionably one of the great restaurants in Las Vegas. Up there with db Brasserie, Sage, and a handful of others. No other LV steakhouse has as much character as this one. Plus the wine list is awesome. And don't forget to try the octopus! Be prepared to spend a small fortune.
5	Best.Pasta.Ever.We knew going in that it was a steakhouse, but we had just eaten steak the night before. Wanting to try Mario Batali's restaurant, we opted for a salad and a sampling of the pastas with a side of the scrumptious potatoes. We tried three pastas: Short Rib Beef Ravioli - little pillows of heaven stuffed with tender, succulent short ribs. A definite must try! Bucatini all' Amatriciana - a twist on old fashion spaghetti with a hint of pancetta or guanciale, not sure which. Tagliatelle - a delicate balance of pasta, light sauce, and delectable mushrooms. ...and lastly, the potatoes! Mascarpone & Guanciale Mashed Potatoes - I can almost taste them melting in my mouth. The perfect blend of potatoes, cheese, guanciale and the egg yolk - a first for me. Oh, and how can I forget the Tiramisu?! Homemade mascarpone - thick and rich, well balanced, chilled to the perfect temperature. Some of the best I have ever enjoyed. My husband tried the Coconut Cream Bomboloni, which seemed like airy doughnut holes atop a mouthwatering German chocolate like cake frosting. Delish!Looking forward to returning to Carnevino, the 'Steakhouse' for more pasta!
4	Open on a holiday! How very accommodating!Pros:- Waiters were very attentive to our needs! - Food was amazing! I have never seen mashed potatoes cooked so amazing! MmMmm- very pretty setting- steak is cooked a little rarer (if ask for well done, comes out medium well)- wine selection by the bottle is fair- portion size is really good for single meal! Not too much and not too little... It's perfect!- sides are generous and made for sharingCons:- pricy for sure, but it's Vegas!- not enough wines by the glass.... Would have liked a bigger selection for that- didn't really see a "stand out" factor
4	I just finished reading RESTAURANT MAN, by Joe Bastianich.  It explains why he plays rock'n roll at his restaurants.  The book also scared me even further away from looking to open my own restaurant.  Im planning a december trip to vegas to try out B&B Burger.  It will be tough to try a burger place in vegas not named BurGR!
5	No food does it for me quite like a bone-in ribeye- so when we saw it on the menu- it became a "must order." And clearly this decision was among the best we've made in a town full of...well..let's just say "not so great ones." The waiter instructed us to order it medium, if we normally were medium-rare guys, as they under-cook their steaks and he was right. I've actually never ordered a steak above medium-rare- but this one came out just to my liking. Now- what made this steak perfection was simple- perfect amount of salt, pepper, rosemary to season, which allowed it to be nicely charred and then they drizzle it with great olive oil at the table. WOW is the right word to describe it- as I not only helped finish the steak with my two buddies- but I got the bone and tore it apart (there are pictures to prove that I sat there and ate every piece of steak off the bone like some sort of dog). Ok- my apologies for the novel on just the steak- but I had to share the love I've developed for Vegas via this ribeye. Other amazing highlights- the bread with the two spreads. The only negative I have about the pork fat spread is just the name- a rebranding of such is in need to soften what sounds like "heart attack in a bowl!" Maybe call it something like- "pork infused butter!"It's quite amazing, especially when you mix it with the normal butter at the table. For the sides we got a truffle pasta (honestly I don't remember this dish much, as I was in heavenly bliss with my steak while it occupied space on our table), which tasted pretty damn great. We also got the mash potatoes, which I did sample at the end and they were quite epic. We ended dinner with a chocolate and peanut butter torte for my buddy's birthday and that also was fantastic! Just perfect ending to a perfect meal with great friends, food and vino! Mr. Batali- you've outdone yourself again and the name is perfect, as it truly sums it all up!
5	Great steakhouse. We ordered the bone in ribeye and the lamb chops. Both were excellent. Also had a great Malbec to go with it that our waiter suggested. We also had the beef tartar and beef cheek ravioli as appetizers, and they were phenomenal. All in all a great meal.
1	I am being generous with two stars. I am here now and it is terrible. The app was not tasty, the "special bread" is dripping I grease and basically flavorless. I did not enjoy the steak ( it was cold) even though very expensive. Please consider another location for your very expensiveve yet mediocre dinner. This is hat makes me feel as if Las Vegas has no good restaurants.Ok.  So the main has finally come and I have gone back and changed to a one star.  This place is incredibly expensive  for what you get.  Go pretty much anywhere else.  No kidding.
5	Most amazing rib eye you will ever have!  This steakhouse is in the Palazzo and I have eaten here twice.  Both times I ordered the dry aged bone-in rib eye ($144).  The beef is massive and cooked to perfection.  Carved table side into thick cuts, stacked into a salivating beef pyramid, drizzled with a tad bit of olive oil (it is an Italian steakhouse after all), and finished off with a dash of coarsely ground sea salt...the best!I've also tried the riserva rib eye.  FYI - the riserva is a special line of their beef aged 180-240 days and ordered by the inch ($$$$).  The riserva steaks have a higher concentration of flavor and are more tender due to the aging process.  You'll hear that riserva steak has a rich "blue cheese-like" after taste and I definitely would agree with that description of uniqueness to the flavor.  Personally, I preferred their standard 90 day aged rib eye but tasting the riserva was a fine experience I would recommend to anyone to try at least once....when in Rome!
3	This place is good but for the price you pay for a meal here - there are plenty of better restaurants.  Nothing really stood out to me when it comes to the food.  As Juan Pablo would say "ess okayyyy".
1	Poor quality. Bad pasta. Would be ok for a $5-10 dish. Do yourself a favor and go to a different place.
3	Unfortunately, this fancy upscale steak joint is only A-OK for me and here's why:- head waiter took a full 5 min explaining the menu, only to have all but disappeared by the time we wanted to order dessert (had to flag down another waiter)- friends ordered the bone in ribeye, don't know about the marbling but it sure had a lot of fat that needed to be trimmed from it (and this is after the table side cutting/presentation)- my veal cutlets were pounded nice and thing, but not anywhere as tender as I would have expected- was told everything here was cooked a little more rare, which was misleading as my fiancee ordered her filet medium and it came out way overcooked, while my friends' ribeye was ordered med rare and it came out as just thatOn the plus side, the sides were good and the assistant waiter was attentive in keeping our drinks filled. At the end of the day though, this was just a bit of a let down by Vegas standards. The food and total experience here isn't any nicer than what I can, and have experienced, in Atlanta.
3	This was my first time at Carne Vino and It was excellent. The meat was great quality and the side dishes were good. I think I prefer more traditional sides but it was good nonetheless.
3	First World Problems**************************For me, a weekend getaway to Vegas is not complete without a FAT steak.  I love dry aged steaks and if I am going to pay a premium,  I want it to at least beat the basic chains like Fleming's and Ruth Chris.  The steak was good but it did NOT exceed this basic benchmark unfortunately.  It was just -"OK. " The decor and service were outstanding.  But lets talk food.I ordered the bone in rib eye for $144 (don't get confused as it says $72 on the menu without clearly stating its per person).  Lots of fat on this steak.  And the taste - good but again, not as savory as the basic chain steak houses like Ruth Chris.  The sides - brussel sprouts and fried octopus, don't even remember, it was nothing to write about.  Bottom line:  group yelp rating gets it about right  at 3-3.5 stars.  Its too expensive for just - "OK."   Overall, a bit disappointed for my weekend-getaway-Vegas-steak experience.
2	Let me start by saying that I don't typically write bad reviews, so the fact I'm doing so should speak volumes. I'm a Vegas local who frequents the upscale steakhouses in town. CarneVino was far and away the worst of the many I've been to. This bothers me more than usual only because the Palazzo is my favorite property in Vegas.I ordered the $144 ribeye and it was incredibly tough. I could barely cut through the meat and obviously had an even harder time chewing. When we brought this to the attention of the server he told us he'd let the chef know. You'd think that if you're dishing out that kind of money on a cut of meat SOMETHING would be done. The resolution was the server saying "Sorry the meat was a little tough for you, hope we'll be able to see you again." Nothing was done or even offered for that matter. I know everyone has an off night, but the fact that nothing was done about my $144 steak makes me not want to give them the benefit of the doubt.Furthermore, for a restaurant of this magnitude you'd expect the service to be outstanding. I will say that the man who refilled the water and carved our steak, Carl, was fantastic. However, our main server straight down to the hostess was rude and rarely came by the table to check on us.There are far better places in Vegas to spend your money on a nice meal - including in the Palazzo and Venetian (CUT by Wolfgang Puck is in the same hotel and far better). Save your money and skip this place.
1	Do not eat here.  I took my family to CarneVino for a Christmas Dinner and the food was terrible.  Small portions for the price and just lousy food.  We had two orders of the aged ribeye and a few pasta dishes. The steak was over-cooked, fatty and tasted gamy.  The pasta was basically a bunch of mushrooms with a few noodles that tasted like it was re-heated.  When I asked to speak to a manager about the food, Valerie said there are no managers to speak to until next week because he's on vacation. We didn't finish our meal it was so bad and the manager never returned my call.  If you want a good steak, go to Wolfgang Puck; we had a good meal/steak dinner there. Also, Samba Sushi in the Palazzo is excellent!
2	A party of 7 dined here this past Friday. First the good; beautifully decorated dining room, excellent service. We had been so looking forward to the finest steak we had ever had. To quote one of the dinner guests; "it was a swing and a miss". We had the 2 featured steaks, rib eye for 2 and the porterhouse for. 2. Both were very disappointing.   The taste was simply not great and not up the taste standards of either SW Wynn or Del Friscos. And the prices were considerably higher. Save alot of disappointment and money and go elsewhere.
2	I bought my parents a Carnevino gift card worth $200 for their 40th anniversary in December. I made a reservation for my parents and confirmed with two hostesses that  about the special occasion of the evening. Both hostesses said they made a note of their anniversary and would do something special for dessert to commemorate their anniversary. One even said that upon arrival, there would be something special done for them upon arrival. After my parent's meal there, my mom mentioned that nothing AT ALL was done in commemoration of their special evening. My parents ordered a gelato for dessert, and NO MENTION or commemoration of their anniversary at all. If I had known that their staff were dishonest, I would have purchased them a gift card at one of the top notch restauarants at neighboring Wynn hotel, where I was promised something much more special for their anniversary celebration. Definitely would not dine here again given their lack of honesty. I even spoke to the General Manager, who only offered a verbal apology and said I hoped I would dine with them again. No gift card or anything to make up for the dishonest experience. A 40th anniversary is a once in a lifetime event!
2	(Our group's reservation was made a comfortable two days before our visit) The evening was already soured when our hostess rudely broke her centimeter-thick temper. Our group of five asked to be seated in the main restaurant, and not the small, triangle room completely separated and across the hotel hallway. The hostess then told us that they only have two tables in the entire restaurant that can accommodate 5 people. We were then seated in "the wine cellar" beneath the hotel escalators. First encounter with a restaurant should not be a poor mannered hostess. Ambience was off putting as music choice was loud and inappropriate for an Italian steakhouse that only offers very few bottles of red wine under $200. However-Our waiter and sommelier were very kind and very knowledgable of the menu and wine list. Major props to them- when asked about wine pairings for a crab and white truffle sformato, they were able to offer great, educated choices (we ended up pairing the dish with a heavy Chardonnay which, though wildly overpriced, worked well). Other notes on the food:(Everything was overpriced- so I won't mention it in every description)Porterhouse Steak (MR): not sure what happened here, the cut more resembled venison as it tasted unusually gamy. Filet Mignon (MR): my order- very tasty, great portion, well cooked, and cut like butter. Beet Carpaccio: lots of flavors, fun presentation, very light, very small portion. Pastas: we ordered two pastas which were both relatively underwhelming, though very fresh- mostly poor meal pairing on our part I suppose?Desserts: light and tasty, no flavor complaints.In general- everything was very harsh on the palate, which made building our meal in three-course form, as the restaurant suggested, difficult. There were some pleasant notes in the evening, but overall we were underwhelmed and unimpressed.
5	Carnevino is a great steakhouse at a great property in Las Vegas. I was suggested this place by a good friend and it lived up to the hype. All courses were excellent, from the calamari to their in-house made peanut butter in the peanut butter torte everything was spot on!I had the New York strip which was bone-in and prepared just right. The meat near the bone was very flavorful and the waiter encouraged me to pick it up and eat off the bone caveman style!My girl ordered the filet which I had to try on principal. The cut was also flavorful and melted in your mouth.For sides, we had the mashed potatoes which comes with a fried-egg folded in to the dish, the eggplant and brussel sprouts. All of which added a great and flavorful compliment to the meat.Finally, the dessert was an unexpected cap to a great meal so I highly suggest trying to peanut butter torte.Our server was Julio and his helper was Michelle (I believe); both very knowledgable and added to a great experience.Also, one must remember this is an Italian steakhouse so they also serve many pasta dishes and other meats like veal and lamb. That said, the cuts of beef may seem limited compared to other places.Overall, I put Carnevino on the same level with any other steakhouse in Vegas.Thanks,-Matt-
3	Server Mike was outstanding. Sommelier was also fantastic. Ordered the NY strip medium rare.  When I cut into it, it was well-done. For the first time in my 31 years of existence I sent my steak back.  A few minutes later, a runner or some other employee brought my returned steak to table side to show me that the portion along the bone was medium rare.  Obviously, but the rest of the steak was well done. The next steak they brought out was out of this world.  Just didn't appreciate being made feel like a bad dog having my nose rubbed in my steak after spending 300 dollars on a meal with my wife.  Food, cocktails, and general ambiance were 5 stars though. I'm a local and have eaten at most of the nice restaurants in town.  Carnevino's food quality is near the top.  If you want something similar with less ambiance, no corkage fee, and a fraction of the price, try echo and rigg at tivoli village in summerlin.
