5	Best Feature: GraphittiThis plays wins so hard!The first time I saw boba was in 2005.  A friend had brought a cup to class and I detested the idea.  "Why would you eat when you're drinking!?" I said.  "How is that any different that soggy bread?"I just didn't get it.Flashforward to the next year.  My friend and I went to The Street because all the coffee places were closed on some holiday.  The moment I walked in I saw that the walls were scribbled on by some local artists (famous and would-be's) and knew that I had to join in.  I drew a picture of a panda and a dinosaur on the eastern wall and put a sticker up on the western one(it was taken down later).  I then decided I ought to partake in this "boba" stuff.It was awesome!  I had a mango green tea with boba.  Even poking the straw through the plastic at the top was fun.  I guess it's all part of the experience.Over the next semester, I came in once a week after band practice and talked with the owner.  I learned that the name comes from a Korean word which means "street", but that alot of cafes in Korea use it as their name.  She was really nice and help me out with my Korean homework.Good atmosphere, good product, good people.  How can you go wrong?
5	This is one of my favorite places ever to get dessert or a refreshing drink.  The bubble tea/smoothies are excellent.  They make them with fresh fruit which makes them so flavorful.  My favorite dessert here is the "Diamond ice" which is shaved ice with sweet milk, fresh fruit, little gummi mochi, and red bean.  They give you a WHOLE lot for your money, so unless you're with a massive crowd of people that are going to share the dessert with you, beware of the large!  Well, unless you want to satisfy the inner pig in you : D
5	Another GREAT Boba spot that has Soy Milk!The decor is really sweet... graffiti style walls and contemporary seating.  Their drinks are large and very good.  I had their Red Bean Milk Tea w/ Soy Milk and Boba.... mmmmmmm.  They used real red beans (another boba spot in the e.valley uses like ground red beans.. not as good).  They offer a lot of other goodies, but I'm a boba fiend and can never fathom getting anything else.  $3.50 for a 20oz milk tea, no extra charge for the soy... nice.
5	So I just had one of those... "How have I not reviewed this place yet?!?!" moments.THE STREET! I never had Boba or half of the things in this place, but one day I found myself at the front counter ordering something foreign as if i was Tyler Durden.My wife was next door at 'Name Brand Exchange' because that's her thing.  Me?  I'd rather wear trusty, old, torn jeans and a wife beater around all day (if she let me). So I mosied over to the street to get myself a cool, refreshing beverage.  Much to my surprise, they had smoothies!!! SMOOTHIES! WOOHOO! The nice girl at the counter helped me order something (which turned out to be a Peach and Mango Smoothie w/ Boba). And I even got to put the straw in MYSELF (When you go there you will know what I mean)!Boba is strange at first, but it was amazing, and my 20 month old son loved it too!!! The boba is very chewy but doesn't stick to your teeth. and the smoothie was sweet and ice-cream-headache-worthy...Did I mention it is right across the street from MCC?  If any of you are MCC students reading this, get up... leave class... and go get yourself a refreshing finish to your long day of studying.  Trust me, they won't even MISS you in class. You shouldn't even go back!Thanks, The Street... for making me feel the Woohoo!The End.
5	My favorite boba shop in the Valley.The green teas have good flavor and boba consistency is top-notch.  The walls are also crazy.Lolli-who?
5	YUMMY!We are from L.A. and so we have pretty high standards when it comes to boba but this place....it is great!  I actually think this is the best boba place  ever.  My bf thinks this is probably #2 in his list.*Texture = very mochi like...so soft and very flavorful.*Decor = pretty hip.*Milk tea = pretty good.  *Slush = It wasn't the ordinary sugary sweet taste you get from flavored syrup.  I was actually able to taste the tanginess of the fruit.*Service = very polite and fast.
5	First time reviewing something like this but I'm glad it's for The Street.My GF gave me the heads up awhile back about the street, I was completely against the idea of boba after attempting to have a decent drink at any one of these other boba cafe's. It's honestly tough for a bland white kid to get a good look in a primarily asian cafe, not to mention a decent batch of boba.But The Street is much different; after my first honey milk tea I can say I was hooked, it was the attention to detail, the fresh fruits bought daily by the owner, and the kind exchange of small talk between whoever is behind the counter that day.Now almost 2 years and one-daily ritual later I'm still just as amazed by The Street as I was from day one, I've tried other cafe's since but nothing compares to this place. The homely feeling from a first name basis, the corner of space that houses my GF's art, and the strange off-menu drink I've become so accustomed to (try it it's called chewbacca!).Try it out, I can promise it will replace the mediocre asian store you go to now that just happens to carry boba :D
5	YEs I'm a regular...and they please me with no ice and little boba!! what else could I ask?.  I usually order their milk mixed teas and I've tried the Rose, Hazelnut, Melon and Coconut tea. The green tea with green Mango...good!. All good. The boba is not for all, I started ordering later when I discovered it is funny to chew those gummy things while drinking the tea. Good attention!
4	Love it.  My second visit as good as the first.  I asked a kid in the mall where I could find a boba drink.  My description at the time was a bit  sketchy.   Asian drink with starchy bits.  At last the lass (lol) understood and directed me to "The Street."    So I'm sending a shout out to the nice young man who works in Spencers... You know who you are kinda goth with a hint of hippie,  lip piercing...   Thanks!!! Not a mile away my drink is half gone.  The chewy bits keep me from getting a brain freeze.   Twenty minutes later I'm dredging the bottom of the cup with the fat straw.   DITHPeace
5	I am picky about boba. The Street satisfies my boba cravings in every way, always! PLUS, the ambiance is killer, tiny shop with graffiti-like writing all over the walls, little pictures scrawled everywhere, very hip feeling without being stuck up.The Street has good quality boba, fast and polite service, and in my experience the drink you have the actual boba is always good! I've tried everything from the thai iced tea ( not a big fan of the sweetener used but thats just me), to the pineapple-kiwi slush with double boba, to the chocolate strawberry milk smoothie with double boba! Consistently delicious!  If you love boba, you will love The Street.
5	In Short: The best boba in town, period!I love boba, it's like a meal in a cup.  Something to drink, something to chew, you can't beat that.  It's safe to say that I've probably been to dozen boba places in the valley, and by healthy margin this is the best.  The street may not have the frills of some of the other places but the quirky atmosphere and the great quality of the boba makes up for that.  You have a choice of going for slushy or the milk tea type of boba.  My favorite being taro and thai iced tea.  The boba is prepared perfectly, soft yet very chewy.  It's prepared a little too hard at most other places.  While you are there, take a moment to soak up the atmosphere, it's unlike anywhere else I've been to.
5	Where do I start? I used to live on dobson and 8th ave and go to the street every day. The coolest/sweetest Korean lady owns it. The boba is amazing whether you get the tea, smoothy, or slush. Try the   (red bean ice) fresh fruit. This place is 5* hands down. Plus... You get to draw on the wall....
5	Best Boba in Phoenix! I've been a regular here for about 2 years.  Good flavors and friendly owner.  Just a great atmosphere.  My favorites have varied, but I've recently become addicted to mango and lychee jelly instead of boba.
4	when i go here i feel like im too white and shouldn't be there. but i can handle the white girl stares from all the asians for some of this delicious overpriced drink. i love thai tea and they have it! i could order like 5. yesterday i tried the milk honey tea w boba and it was so good!!! im not a fan of the writings on the wall, i think it looks dirty.
5	Great atmosphere, good chai, yummy boba and -excellent- desserts. The walls are completely covered with graffiti/urban art, and it's worth the price of a drink just to sit and look at all of the doodles. As an added bonus, it's in the same plaza as an Asian market, several varieties of Asian restaurants and an Oregano's.Go, drink and enjoy!
4	the boba drinks here are awesome--my go-to drink is the passion fruit green tea with boba.  it has a great ratio of fruit juice to tea, right boba consistency and sweetness, ice, etc.  only downside is they only serve a LARGE size (so instead of a 2000-calorie drink, it's a 4000-calorie drink, j/k)... and i'm not really digging the graffitied walls inside the shop.  the little bomb guy cartoon is cute and all, but i could do without the rest of the stuff.it's definitely the best we've found in the valley, just about on par with some of the best boba shops in cali/vancouver/etc!
5	Anytime I am in the area I stop here for a boba tea.  Love the atmosphere and the drinks. I highly recommend this place.
5	After a yummy pho lunch I decided to grab some boba tea... Yelp to the rescue! The walls are covered with artwork, writings, and graffiti. I thought it was pretty cool. I ordered a Mango smoothie with boba and was surprised to see them use REAL fruit and not syrup or powder to make it. It was delicious! My cousin had a blueberry smoothie with boba and hers was really good too. I'll defiantly be back
5	As good as the boba gets in AZ. Very tasty! The boba is always perfectly cooked not too mushy not too hard. Price is decent; it's the same price if you get it anywhere. I always get the thai tea boba or the milk tea. YUMMMM! Very light and tasty! i like the graffiti walls, I think it definitely adds personality to this place.
5	i have found my boba place!i really dig the street. it's cute, friendly, and really convenient. located in the saketini/oregano's strip mall area, this place is a refreshing little joint that offers a wide array of milk tea choices and even has a milk tea/ramen special for $7. nice.i had the Taro Milk Tea with boba and i was a happy camper. like other reviewers have said, they only serve the large size so be prepared to hold a lot of liquid. the boba itself is really tasty and not too hard but has that right, firm consistency that makes it fun to chew on a little but wont kill you if you try to swallow it whole.accessible by bike, this place is going to be seeing a metric ass ton of me.
5	Finally, a decent boba place in the area. All the other places around the area may have selection, like the place in the LeeLee's complex, but the boba SUCKS!This place actually had good boba, not too chewy, not too hard, not too sweet...pure awesomeness! I was verging on a 4 to a 4.5 rating but the quality of boba rounded to score up to 5.The drinks itself are good and classic, nothing too crazy or fancy. Also, the Diamond Ice is a must have for the summer. A mini size cost $4.50, but once you see what a mini looks like, the price makes sense. I was enough for 2 ppl, at least! Also, the cost of the drinks here are more than I'm use to, but since I saw fresh fruit, not not just bottles of syrup, behind the counter, I have no problem forking out the extra amount.Over all great place, I just wish it was open later (I've never been to a Boba tea house that closed as early as 8pm)
4	I fell in love with the idea of Boba tea after watching an episode of Unwrapped featuring this interesting trendy drink. Then I actually found a place to try some and fell in love with the actual drink. I would go all the way into Chandler to the Lollicup and then I found this place (thanks to Yelp). I was really sad to see such a short list of milk tea options, but I took advice from a post on here and tried the taro milk tea. VERY GOOD! It was almost chocolaty tasting and the boba was very soft and perfectly sweetened. I'd love to see a better list of milk teas, though. If they had a Royal Milk Tea I would probably be even happier to permanently move my boba cravings to The Street!
4	We had the "Diamond Ice" which is a milk shaved ice & fruit bowl. It was very tasty! I mistakenly ordered the chai tea smoothie when what I wanted tai tea smoothie. I did not like it but that was my fault. The art work on the walls of the business was interesting, some obscene.http://i69.photobucket.com/albums/i70/hk182luver/2010-08-18142039.jpgLeft to right: Diamond Ice topped with sweet red beans, Peach smoothie, tai tea, and my chai tea smoothie.
5	Taro smoothie is yum! Not too sweet and not bland. It's just right. Too bad they don't have that many flavor like TapEx back in Cali.
5	The only place left in Arizona with legit boba drinks. The passion fruit is my fave....yum!!!!!
5	LOVE the diamond ice!!!
5	I am a boba tea enthusiast! This is the BEST place that I have found in the Phoenix area. The prices are about average and the tea was not too sweet. The boba is the best! I think it is the one made from taro root. However...the Asian market a couple doors down was sub-par, do your best to avoid it if possible.
5	So here i was thinking boba tea house was the best boba place in Arizona compared to the best of the best boba in California. Boy was i wrong. The other day i gave the street another try debating between ordering my favorite taro milk tea, the smoothie or a peach mango smoothie with of course...Boba. I ended up ordering the taro smoothie in the end.  The color was like a light lavender purple(not like boba tea house's dark purple milk tea). I took my first sip and fell in love right away regardless of the fact i have a nearly finished punch card at boba tea house. The boba was so much more rich in flavor and the smoothie was on point beyond belief.  i am always scared to stray away from something i love so much but once in awhile you need to switch it up so you do NOT start hating your favorite drink to begin with. but today i think i still will get my taro smoothie and delicious boba to get my fix. Oh how i love this place now only if they could get punch cards id be the happiest customer ever or at least happier than i am already ;)
5	Love their boba and especially their diamond ice that fills with fruit such as strawberries, melons, and my very favorite red beans. Always order the medium ones cause you will crave for more if you order small. Guaranteed! :)
5	Great bubble teas!!! I love this place I go there every chance I get. My favorite is the milk, Jasmin green tea bubble tea. It's really refreshing during the insufferable Arizona summers.
5	oh boba! Oddly enough, I was introduced to boba years ago in a small town in Nevada,,, or was it Wyoming? Either way, it was OK, different, but I wasn't a huge fan. That is, until I tried the honey milk tea with boba at The Street! It was DELICIOUS. To my surprise they actually put honey in it, not something to make it taste like it had honey :) What a concept! The boba was perfect. Nice & big, not too sweet or tasteless & not overly chewy. I grabbed a regular sized tea for my long, long, long drive home & I was caught off guard by the fact it filled me up. Don't drink one on your way to dinner, lol. Lesson learned!
4	I'm working in the area, so I went back today for more goodness!I asked the lady at the counter what she would recommend & she looked a bit overwhelmed with the question, so I asked what was good & I found out, thank goodness I asked, that EVERYTHING is good. lolPoor gal, I think I put her on the spot with my questions :)I thought back & remembered reading that the red bean milk tea was good, so I ordered it, throwing in another "is that good?" with my order just for good measure & you guessed it! Yes, it's good. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't great. The flavor itself was nice, but the texture was pretty dreadful to me. It was kind of like slurping bean soup through a straw. It just wasn't pleasant for me, but plenty of people are fans.
4	Jonesin' for boba, I turned to Yelp for help finding a place near the area I was running errands. Luckily I was in an area of town that I knew would have plenty of options. I picked THE STREET. Located in a strip of stores and restaurants behind a service station and sharing a lot with an Oregano's, several Asian restaurants (Korean, Chinese, Vietnamese, sushi) and a small Asian market I was impressed by the business housed here. It also sits across the street from Desert Banner Hospital. The place was busy but there was no line at the counter. I was greeted promptly but I knew it was going to take a while to decide. What impressed me is that for many of their shakes and smoothies they use the real fruit and not the premix flavor like many juice/boba shops do. Having read a bit about the diamond ice on Yelp and seeing the picture on the counter I decided on that along with a Honey Milk Tea Smoothie with Boba and Thai Tea with Boba. Yes, this was all for me! The boba was a bit over cooked and the Thai tea was a bit watered down but it hit the spot. The Honey Milk Tea was my favorite of the day. The nice black tea flavor and mild honey flavor rocked my world. [On a visit Dec 1 I picked up a banana smoothie with boba and a honey green tea smoothie with boba. Boba was cooked perfectly and both smoothies were awesome.]The diamond ice was very cool. Being an aficionado of shaved ice of many cultures (Hawaiian, Raspados, Snow Cones, etc) I knew I had to try this. It is shaved ice, topped with fresh cubed melon, pineapple, mango and strawberries. all this is then topped with small chunks of what they called "rice cake" which tasted like horchata flavored gummy bears, a generous drizzle of sweetened condensed milk and a dollop of sweet red beans. Next time I will order it without the red beans, while not bad it was just not my thing even though I did finish it with no complaints. I would easily travel across town to this location to get my boba fix and my maybe try a few of the restaurants in the center.
5	This is the best place I've been to in the valley for boba. Although it's a little bit pricier than some places, there is just something better about the boba. I've never tried the food, but the friendly staff and delicious red bean smoothie with boba will keep me coming back!
5	I was a boba virgin, so to speak, so I really can't compare this to any other boba joints. Either way, it was a wonderful experience! I went with the chocolate peanut butter milk smoothie with boba. My husband got a fruit smoothie mixed with strawberry, kiwi, and mango (plus boba of course). We tried each other's, both were amazing! My smoothie was very filling, I had to save the last third for later! They are also very generous with the boba. The cafe itself is very hip. There are various graffiti-like drawings all over the walls, and a cupboard stacked with flyers for things like other Asian restaurants, spas, anime cons, raves, and other miscellany. We went in literally a minute before they were about to close, so it wasn't busy at all. We were the only folks there. I plan on being a regular here! I'm glad to know they have punch cards.
5	I love this place! I have tried Boba Tea House and while it's ok I think the Street is better. Their smoothies and milk teas are... smoother and creamier? haha. Anyway, I consider myself a regular here. I LOVE the taro milk tea smoothie. I recently discovered I'm lactose intolerant and ordering the taro milk tea with soy milk is just as delicious! promise. Other yummy flavors: avocado (I SWEAR), coconut, almond. Their lychee tea is bomb. Also the fruit smoothies are absolutely amazing and I usually get blueberry, strawberry, pineapple since you can combine up to three flavors.
3	So a friend wanted to try a new boba place since our go-to place at Boba Tea House (LeeLee's) was awesome.  Yelp suggested this and off we go.I do love the decor.  Very manga, japanimation, harajuku-esque walls and you can definitely spend a whole lotta time just looking at the walls.  I got the red bean boba (soy, of course) and it was a-ok (hence my 3 stars).  There were lots of boba in it plus red beans, which was new and pretty good but it didn't have that yowza! that I get from Boba Tea House.  My friend had the diamond ice and it was again, a-ok.Hip ambience, a-ok boba.
4	still love this place the most. But new update on my last visit as a warning to others:There is a Huge Lady that really has the audacity to tell me that my drink will make me fat. I told her that i don't give a F*** what it does. There should be a sign that says no solicitors. she needs to be standing at a mcdonalds of all places not my favorite boba spot. That's just annoying.I have NEVER had crunchy boba from this spot in Arizona. yeah it isnt the best boba in the world but its the best of Arizona. you definitely cant beat L.A. or the Bay areas boba to this but until i go back to visit family this will have to suffice. i wouldn't recommend going there bright and early just because that is when they are just making the boba im sure of. in San Jose i would have to wait an hour to get the boba when it was completely ready but the lady was honest with me and i would go to one more class then come back. so take my word for it. i go there at least twice a month if not more and every experience taste wise is on point on AZ standards.
4	I'm so glad I came here for my first Boba experience! I ordered the Taro smoothie with boba on recommendation from a friend and it was so, so good. I can't really describe the flavor but I LOVED it. The service wasn't great but sometimes you can write that off for an authentic experience like this one.
5	I remember my mom buying boba at restaurants a couple times when I was younger and I just couldn't get over how gross it looked to see those slimy black balls shooting up the straw into her mouth. Well as I grew older, my tastes changed, and I've come to love boba. I wouldn't say I'm a fanatic, as it's only something I have from time to time, but when I do have it, I want to have the best. After trying mediocre boba all around town, I did my research and found The Street to be my best bet. I'm never going to buy boba from another place again, because this is the best boba I've ever had in Arizona. While it is a little on the pricier side, the cups are huge and the taste is fresh- they use real fruit and the boba is the perfect consistency. They don't skimp on the boba either. I tend to try to save my boba so I have enough to last me the whole drink, but I end up having a few rows at the bottom left over.As for the non-edible aspects, I love the graffiti on the walls- it's so fun to look at while you're waiting for your order to be made. It's a small place, but it's not like it needs to be any bigger; I never stick around too much longer after I get my boba and I've never seen it completely packed with people. The main lady who works here is really nice and helpful if you're not sure what to order (she recommended me a strawberry milk tea when I wanted to try something new, because I was a strawberry smoothie fan, and I never turned back- it's like liquid heaven in my mouth), I've only ever seen her working and once I saw a younger girl helping out a little. It's kind of funny because the first time I walked in, I was expecting a bunch of teenagers to be working in a place like The Street, just because of how it looks.Anyway, I love this place and it was even a selling point when I was looking for an apartment, because it's right down the street (no joke and no pun intended). Try it out :)
5	Let's cut to the chase: If you like Asian teas or tea shakes, you should be going here. The staff? Friendly and quick to make my orders.The prices? Cheap and a great value for the money.The atmosphere? Urban, upbeat, clean, and enjoyable.The desserts? Tasty and excellent for sharing with friends.Oh, the tea? That's also delicious. They don't have the same selection as some other tea shops, but what they do have is excellent and I've never felt that I lacked for choices.If you go: A melon smooth with lychee jelly. Trust me, on a summer day you'll thank yourself for getting it.
4	I really like this place because their diamond ice is amazing!! With real fresh fruits and a large portion. A size small will definitely serve two ppl and the owner is nice. I don't really have a say in their boba cause I haven't tried it enough. Overall good place
5	I LOVE the taro smoothie with boba and I will continue driving out of my way to come here every few weeks.Some other places have grainy and powdery drinks, but this place has been consistently fabulous. The almond milk tea and the avocado smoothie are also yummy!
5	Loved the smoothies and the tea on my first visit here. Also appreciate that they have soy milk. I definitely plan on coming back!
4	I love shaved ice!!!  I came across this place next to Hodori.  After i got my Korean food fix, we found this place next door.  I'm a huge shaved ice fan.  They had the Korean Benzoo desert.  Love it!!!
5	Love the bubble tea here. Taro + coconut is awesome. The honeydew is great too. I usually get the drink with boba AND lychee jelly. Try a small diamond ice while you're there.
5	If you want delicious boba tea, this is the place to get it! Don't forget to try the diamond ice!I love going here because its so fun and upbeat. The graffiti on the walls are awesome to look at while waiting for my order.I usually either get the lychee boba or passion fruit boba but recently I ventured out and tried their taro flavor. It definitely did not disappoint because I am now addicted and thats the one I choose every time I go now. It doesnt taste powdery at all. I actually like the taro more with lychee jelly then with boba =X But its freaking amazing! Also don't forget to try their diamond ice. You cant go wrong with shaved ice, fresh fruits, and condensed milk! I love the redbean also. I would go here 3 times a day just for it. You'll be surprised how big a mini is and its definitely share-able since they put out extra bowls out for you. I just wish they have a punch card or something. It would be nice to get a free drink once in a while, you know? Since I go here so much. But I definitely recommend this place if you're looking for some good boba drinks.
4	I am becoming quite the Boba addict.  This place is good and quick.  I had the Taro milk slush with Boba, the diamond ice.  The boba is soft and chewy just like it should be.  I have decided that I should stick with the slush and not do milk ones as it doesn't sit right with my stomach.The Diamond Ice wasn't really my thing- a shaved ice with strawberries, cantaloupe and pineapple.  Topped with sweetened condensed milk, red bean and mochi.  $4.50.I'll stick with Boba drinks, thank you very much.  :)
4	Very unique environment. Customers are allowed to paint on the walls! The drinks are wonderful and I enjoy their ramen as well. The younger girl is incompetent, but the rest of the staff is great.
5	I love this place. Definitely not somewhere Id like to sit down and relax, but I like to go here and get my boba quickly from friendly staff and head back to my apt (1 min drving distance away) and enjoy it.I also like that tax is already included in prices!
5	BEST. BOBA. EVER. Background:It would be a complete understatement to say I'm crazy-addicted to boba.  I crave boba all the time and am always in search of good  places.  When I knew I was going to move to Arizona (I come from the Bay Area in California where they have a plethora of good choices for boba) I told myself I better start learning how to make my own boba because I was sure I was not going to find any over in Arizona.  But boy was I wrong!  (Side note: Before I found this place, when I visited back home I missed good boba so much that in less than a week I was able to fill up a punch card for Tapioca Express... but I will leave that for another review..) Review:In dire need of good boba (seriously, I was getting scared for my health), I drag my husband if I ever spot a boba place.  And even he was glad I made him try this one.  The boba is cooked perfectly and all of the flavors are amazing.  I have yet to try the Diamond Ice, but it looks amazing.   Favorite:Milk Tea.  I am determined to try all of them, and will update the review with the results. Constructive Criticism:Would be nice if they had a stamp card.  Of course they don't need it because their boba is so amazing that anyone who knows boba would know that they hit the jackpot and would be loyal forever.  This is just coming from the boba fiend that I am.  I mean, buying boba just to get more boba?! heaven.
4	The Street has excellent Thai iced tea and milk tea. These items are priced at about $3.50 for 20 ounces.The walls are filled with artistic graffiti, stickers, and scribbles, which give the place a unique grunge feel.I will definitely go again to try more of their teas.
4	Found the best boba in the Valley of the Sun! They offer other menu items besides Bubble Tea/Boba like Diamond Ice (which I think is Pat-Bing-Soo) but this is the place to come to satisfy your boba craving. You can mix it in a smoothie or a tea drink. I ordered the Iced Coffee boba and it was perfect. The iced coffee was sweet and the tapioca balls were all chewy and not hard like some other places. The price was fairly average $4ish. Inside the walls are decorated by graffiti which adds character to the place. There's a lot of seating options and the location is right next to a Korean market and restaurant.
5	Now that I have tried all the main bubble tea/boba places in the Valley, I can say that this place is the best and most consistent. It therefore deserves five stars!
4	Great boba tea/bubble tea! Three of us went here tonight with a hankering for it, and we all came out satisfied. There are a bunch of ways to order it: smoothie, milk smoothie, milk tea, and slushie. Two of us got milk smoothie (one banana, one taro) and one of us got slushie (mango). All of us got boba pearls in our drinks.The taro boba was outstanding--five stars. Great flavor, creamy, perfect texture and thickness--smooth but still slushy and drinkable. Yummy, yummy.The banana boba had real banana in it--also good flavor, and excellent texture and thickness. Silky, because of the banana. It was also creamy. Four stars on this one.The mango boba did not contain milk, and was fruity, but either used flavoring or frozen fruit for the mango rather than fresh. Four stars here, too.The boba on all of them was soft and delightfully chewy, just like it should be.They had other things on the menu, like ramen, which I want to try sometime. I'll definitely be back for boba!
4	This place is the BEST for boba and the ramen is delicious as well!!Enjoy this small place, its GREAT!
2	I really really really really wanted to like this place.....but I don't :(  At other boba tea places I've always been able to order my tea with coconut milk. Not so here...they serve your tea with regular milk and coconut flavor ;p   They didn't understand me when I ordered my tea (I always specify no real milk when I order) and I ended up getting it with milk.....good thing we asked about it (the color didn't seem right) and found it it did have milk, so they made it again with soy, but, it's just not the same without real coconut. The boba was a little too soft for my taste (my husband didn't care for it either) and the tea itself seemed a little flowery.....maybe their smoothies are better? At least I know we won't be back for boba...this place just isn't our "cup of tea"....
1	Cant believe that this place got 4 and a half stars. Im asian and I have been driking a lot of bubble tea with tapioca from many places. This place has the worst tapioca that Ive ever tried. Who rates this place above 2 stars should go to california and try their tapioca over there.
3	Papaya with mango smoothie. No boba.  Me no like boba.  Not bad, but Taiwan Food Express a mile north in the Mekong Plaza makes better fruit juice smoothies.  But how come nobody can make papaya juice like they do in Manhattan, at Grey's Papaya and Papaya King?
5	This place is AMAZING! I always get the boba coconut milk tea. Best boba I have had in AZ. I drive from North Phoenix to get this so you know it has to be the best. I have also had the raman and it was super spicy but oh so yummy!
4	My favorite place to get boba in az. Been coming here for years. Prob the only place i know that will let you write, draw, paint etc all over the walls. Kinda gives you a street feel inside hence the name ^__^.  I wish they would paint the walls so we could start over. As far for boba I'm a huge fan of Honey Dew Slush with extra boba. They have have great diamond ice.
5	Love the pat bing su aka diamond ice!
4	I get the Taro.. Great Boba drinks.. Staff is not friendly. Not rude or anything, I guess maybe lacking in personality. Either way, I prefer to come here for my fix due to quality product-
5	WARNING!! THE STREET IS CLOSED for the next few weeks.  SO bummed as it is prime time Boba Time in AZ...
4	When it's 110 degree's outside in Mesa, AZ you need some kind of relief!This is a great boba and diamond ice place, fresh fruit, condensed milk, finely shaved ice, topped with a choose of ice cream or black beans. A small size will feed two people. Reasonable prices, with indoor and out door patio seating.Decor, the walls are covered in graffiti and messaged to friends. I recommend getting a larger size, just because the diamond ice is displayed more appealing in a glass dish instead of a Styrofoam bowl.Great for the area, I've heard LA has better.
5	I've been going to The Street since about 2003/2004, and I still love it. I love the atmosphere, I love the food and the drinks, the service is always wonderful...not a better boba spot in AZ ^^ I recommend it to everyone who's already a fan, and to those who are curious and have never had it before. Also, if you want a fun summer flavor, ask for my creation the "Orange Colada" :) it's amazing.
4	Hip chic place with some good sweets on ice. As you enter you see graffiti on the walls.....glance at the magnificent art that speaks teen spirit. Shaved ice or Smoothies...and apparently you can get raman with it. Young ones unites...old ones...go next door.
5	The wife found this place on Yelp one day we were craving BOBA so we decided to try it out especially after looking through some of the photos people have shared.  Once we walked through the door, the first thing we said was "WOW" because of how the store is decorated with customers writings/drawings.  We thought it was pretty cool.  The first time we went I got the diamond ice which was BOMB!! and the wife got the milk tea with boba. She was very happy to get her milk tea blended (unlike Lollicup where you can't get it blended).  On our second trip I tried the avocado smoothie (substituted for soy milk which you can do for all drinks) along with mango jelly!! The one thing I love about their avocado smoothie is that they use real fruit which makes it taste 10 times better.  Even with summer ending, GO AND GET SOME BOBA!!
5	Lot this place! Bring a sharpie when you go... it may sound silly but trust me!
5	By far my favorite boba spot in the Valley! At this point, I have yet to make my way off of their milk smoothies menu, mostly because they're so damn good that I can't really imagine ordering anything else.
5	Even with the new openings of boba shops over the years since my review of The Street, I still find it to have one of the tastiest places to get dessert and drinks.  They have added ramen and dumpling soup to their menu, for a "Hot eats, cool treats" type atmosphere, only Korean style!  The quality is still the same, although the "Diamond ice" (A.K.A. Pat bing soo) is served in a disposable Styrofoam bowl instead of a glass bowl, probably for easier clean up.  They've expanded their drink menu, but my favorite is still the fresh fruit smoothies where you can mix up to 3 fruits for a refreshing cool beverage.  The boba is also still quite good, with a perfect mix of chewiness and sweetness.
3	Being from CA, my expectations might be a bit high since we have our fair share of tea places. But out in AZ, there isnt much choices on tea so had to go out of my way to get my fix of tea. Wasnt the best I had however if you are craving some tea, it is the best place that you can get your fix without having that sense of regret after taking your first sip. I am not sure about everyone else but the drinks are a bit too sweet for my liking so if possible try to order yours with less sugar to get more of the tea flavor. Yay for tea lovers!
5	It's always a better day in Arizona with some Boba. The spot is cool and urban, but has a touch of authenticity. Stock up on Asian supplies from the market next door while you're there.
4	Let's just say everything they sell here are so good and tasty.  All their prices included taxes already, so what you see is what you pay.  Go check them out when you gets a chance!
3	tried the red bean and almond milk tea,  interesting place, but coming from bay area, i will still be looking for better places. Environment: interesting and kind of funky for an asian place.Selection: i wish they have more flavors, they don't have some of my favorite flavors like lavender, rose, or roasted barley.Tea: just ok, i personally prefer a stronger tea taste.Boba: pretty all right, but there is just something lacking, i think it might be too soft for me. Overall, might go back again if i am in the area ,but will keep looking.
2	The original bubble milk tea was overwhelming with tea flavor and sugar and did not seem to have a milkiness at all. Was not able to finish the drink.
4	Oh. My. Gosh. The diamond ice was sooo good. My friend and I split the mini size for a total of $5 (we paid $2.50 each). It was a really good portion. It satisfied my sweet tooth, but didn't leave me feeling guilty since it was packed with fruit.After that, we got the ramen with rice cakes. Rice cakes are really good if you want something to chew  on, but don't have much flavor. Again, it was a pretty good portion that we split and tasted pretty good. We didn't get any drinks because they seemed a bit pricey. We'll be going back soon, though, to see if they're worth it. Over all, I was impressed and will be coming back on a regular basis!
5	This is my absolute favorite place for boba! I have been going there for the last year regularly and have tried so many flavors. I have a week spot for the Taro smoothy though. I am sure I have tried every boba spot from Phoenix to the East Valley and theirs is perfect! They manage to get the most perfect evenly textured boba with just the right amount of chewy yumminess. I stop by there every time I am going to pass Dobson on the freeway.  Its so hard to resist!The diamond ice is great too. I love mine with mango. I have yet to try their ramen though as I am afraid of holding it to the standard of another shop in Tempe, but I'm willing to give it a try.
4	Pretty good bbtea with different jelly flavors to choose from (if you don't want tapioca balls).
5	Some of the best boba I've had. Really good texture, chewy but not too much, and they put plenty of it in the drink so you don't feel cheated. I had a pineapple mango smoothie and it was very good; I want to try the teas and milk teas (especially the taro!) now. Also want to try the diamond ice and ramen, since I've heard those are both good. Cool atmosphere, nowhere to sit outside but plenty of seating inside. Staff is fast and patient (my friend and I took forever to decide what to get - there are so many choices!). I'll definitely be going back.
5	If you like Bubble Tea, this is a Great place! Not just the Tea is Good, but the Service is Great too. The people there are friendly and very helpful. I got two tea's that's how good it was, I was so stuffed with bubble tea, but it was a good stuffed feeling. I tried the Strawberry Milk tea and that was nice, I also got the Honey dew melon frozen milk tea. All the Tea's come with Bubbles.  The walls are decorated with graffitti, made me feel like I was in high school again.If you get a chance on a hot day, stop by here and Bubble out with their Boba Tea.
5	Always great customer service here. I have such a hard time choosing a flavor because they have so many! I had a bad experience with boba before and kind of swore it off but this place changed my mind. Their boba is really fantastic here! Soft and just the right amount of chewy. And if you are looking for a delicious and refreshing treat, try the diamond ice. It's super tasty!
2	I got a coconut slush. It was Ok except it wasnt full. There was about an inch missing from the top. I didnt exactly get my money's worth.
5	Best boba in Phoenix, hands down. They use real fruit for their smoothies (which should be the standard, but is not at some other PHX establishments....) and their boba is perfect every single time. I live in central Phoenix, but find myself driving out of my way on a fairly regular basis to get my pineapple or taro smoothie w/ boba:)
4	I have been going here since my ASU days. I love that it's a mom and pop place. I love the funky wall art and the sweet owner who makes it a point to ask me how my mom is doing. (Asians know all Asians. Fact.) I love boba. I do, I really do. Banana and chocolate boba, please! There are plenty of tables to just hang out and relax in to stay out of the heat. If I'm meeting someone and they're late (BC I'm always early) there are always good mags to flip through. Go support local businesses and grab some boba from The Street. Total win win.
5	Delcious! The best boba I have ever had and the shaved ice is so unique and tasty. I cannot wait to go back. I love the graffiti wall as decor and the fact that customers can tag it. Love!!
4	This is my first Boba ever!  I chose green tea with honey and it was a little sweet for my taste.  The lady that helped me was very nice and as helpful as she could be with me as an inexperienced Boba-teer.  I think I will order extra ice and less honey next time.  I am definitely going to try more of this strange chewy tapioca ball drink in the future.  I
3	There was only one person working when a group of us arrived and she took so long to make everyone's orders. I got annoyed after I saw her serve drinks to those who ordered after me.  At least give us a warning if you know you're going to take a while.  I asked if they have taro slushie because it wasn't on the menu. She said yes, but ended up making a taro smoothie ($4.50) instead. I wasn't looking for a heavy, creamy drink with milk but she already made it and I already paid so I just accepted it instead.  Not much by way of atmosphere except walls that are supposed to be like street graffiti.  I like Boba Tea House better.
3	Other than  the really loud music today... Our boba and diamond ice treats were spectacular! :) Although I've only had red beans, some strawberries, and some pineapple, and 4 pieces of mochi. I recall it having a lil bit more variety of fruits than what I had today.Service was a lil not on the warm side today. Perhaps she was just having an off day? Hoping next time we return, it'll be a lil bit more welcoming reception from whomever is behind the counter. *fingers crossed*Xx
4	Good Boba. I've only been here a couple times cause it's pretty far from me but if I were closer I'd be here every week. I really like the blended honey dew. I want to try the taro and thai iced tea. I'll review if I ever get too.
4	It's a great place for those boba cravings.  They have slushes to flavored teas to milk teas.  The boba is actually very good as well.
5	This is my favorite place to go for boba tea because the texture of their boba is always perfect and they give just the right amount. It's always delicious, my only complaint is I end up drinking it too fast because it's so good and I'm done and want more.
4	The milk green tea with boba was very good, I had it twice on my vacation. Place was clean and spacious, but cashiers could be a bit more friendlier.
3	Very far from where I live but was on this side of town I normally go to Bomboba which is on the way other side of town, but this place was cute and little reminds me of places I see in K dramas. They let you write on the walls which there is a TON of writing. When I went there was zero people there and the lighting was so dim it looked kind of creepy. But it was very cute and nice overall.
2	I went here and tried the milk teas after seeing good reviews here on yelp, but I seriously want my money back now. My sister and I tried the taro milk tea and honey milk tea. The worst drinks I ever tasted. The honey milk tea is basically diluted coffee mixed with sugar. The taro milk tea is just taro powder mixed with water and sugar. I asked for "milk tea" but what I got was just bland powdered drink.I give this place an extra star because their boba is sweet, chewy and soft.
5	By far the best boba I have ever had the melon cocoanut smoothly is amazing! The boba is cooked to perfection! And the diamond ice is so good too! I just wish they had one in Phoenix but Snoh in Phoenix is great too.
4	This place seems very laid back and offers diamond ice (I haven't seen many other places that offer it here). My cousin searched for the nearest coffee place when we were out running errands and found the Street. I would not recommend coming here for coffee (very limited menu), but there are plenty of options for boba, smoothies, and diamond ice.
3	AZ...really?  After a long drive from Cali, I was hoping to try some amazing boba teas or maybe something different...why must you treat me with disappointment? Rose Green Tea was filled with jokes? I was so thirsty I didnt get the chance to observe my cup so on the first sip...A piece of Rose went down my throat o_O  I know I asked for not too sweet but it got down to like 0% sweet...I felt like I was drinking water with rose petals. My mom said the milk tea was nasty...I don't remember what my sister got but she said hers was okay...This is why I gave 3 stars instead of 2...plus, service was great and friendlySeriously, AZ people...If you happen to visit CAli...don't hesitate to try the boba because you will leave satisfied with no regrets!
5	This is my favorite boba place in AZ!! My favorite drink is coffee milk tea smoothie with boba! Diamond ice is also delicious. When I crave boba this is where I wan to go!
5	Hands down this is the best boba i have tried. I recommend the Boba Thai Tea, it is soooo amazing. Not too sweet but perfect! been a customer for a couple of years now!
4	Never knew The Street was right here, I have been in this shopping center for plenty of shops, but never knew about this. It was a Friday night and my oldest said she could go for some boba so that's how I found it.If you like to draw on walls, well this place is for you, the sign even states bring your own pen and have some fun, even the tables are drawn upon, so I'm guessing people around my daughters age (22 to 25) are drawn to The Street, but I happened to like the different art styles displayed everywhere.Now it was time to order some boba, the whole reason why I am here. After looking over the menu I went with Milk Tea with chocolate and honestly to me it tasted just like chocolate milk and there was a decent amount of boba, it was a great little treat.Glad to have stopped by and found a new place to get a great cup of boba at.
4	I was pleasantly surprised with this cafe.  The shaved icy treat was delish and the fruit smoothie was alright. Nice break from the hot sun in AZ.
5	Did u say BOBA?! I'm new around town so my cousin highly recommended this place. Boba shops are in every corner in LA and maybe just maybe... Californians are spoiled rotten when it comes to having boba anytime whenever wherever! So, when I saw this place I was super damn excited! Got the taro slush and the boba almond milk tea. The almond milk tea did look a little watered down and less milky but it sure didn't lack taste! It was bomb! This is my spot now. Especially since it's close by to my house. I believe they do have snacks too and comfortable seating to chill and talk. Nice place. I'll be coming back soon!
5	This place is my favorite place to go get boba in the valley! To start with, the best way to describe the decor would be "hip". The establishment allows you to draw on the walls with a marker, which allows for a cool creative feel when you walk in. There is practically no lighting in the building, as they use the light from the sun as most of their lighting, giving it a faded look.The boba is the main reason I come here. They have plenty of different types of drinks, ranging from fruit smoothies, basic tea blends, shaved ice, and even basic ramen! I can only speak for the boba, however, the boba is always firm and chewy kept at a texture that it should be at, and the tea and fruit smoothies are all really good! If you like boba and boba drinks, I definitely recommend checking this place out!
4	I've tried boba at so many different places, this place had the sweetest and softest. The walls are pretty sick too
4	I've been going here for over a decade as a child, and now an adult. Over time, my  impression of this place has been this:Looks hip, but It's just your average beverage hangout with a friend, studying, a short business meeting, basically anything casual. The college student will most likely use this place (by MCC & ASU) if not the general public. The difference is that it is within a predominantly Asian strip mall, so there will most likely be a lot of Asians in there (not that it matters, bc I'm Asian) AND You can be creative and doodle on the wall.  Instead of just coffee, they serve cold drinks and dessert that are compatible with boba. As for their drinks, super fresh. Boba is always chewy, not hard or too warm, flavors are usually true to taste. I usually get Red Bean smoothie, but I definitely recommend trying Diamond Ice. Perfect dessert for a hot day.
5	I've been here a number of times now and absolutely love it !! Their boba is the right chewy! I went to republic of ramen and their boba has the texture if a rubber ball. So many flavors to get here too! Nom nom nom!!
5	I love The Street!! I always get the diamond ice when I'm there. I love it when it's mango season and they have mango diamond ice! However, when it's not, I just ask for the strawberry and pineapple because I'm not a big fan for the melon and cantaloupe. They are always fine with giving me more strawberries and pineapple.If I eat it by myself, I would get the Tini size, if I'm sharing with another person, I would get a Mini or the next one up.I've had a mango smoothie there, it's good from what I remember, but I always go back to the diamond ice, with the yummy fruit, red beans, condensed milk.....MMMMMM!!!Also, the ramen here is really good as well!! I think it's around $4? But seriously, this place is so good :) Plus, you can draw all over the place! My only complaint would be that their hours of operation aren't long enough.
4	How have I not written a review here?!  I have been coming to this place for years and years!  Been coming here before all the graffiti, when you can eat at Hodori and they deliver your boba through that little window they had set up between the two shops, and when a nice gentleman ran the store.  Good times.There are plenty of great boba shops set up around the valley these days where The Street isn't even amongst my Top 5 for boba but they have something no one else has:  Diamond Ice [Patbingsu]!  I love the little mochi, red beans, and all the fruit they put it in.  The condense milk makes it creamy.  It's a nice cold snack on a hot summer night.The boba here isn't too bad and it's always cooked to be perfectly soft and delicious.  There's not a whole lot of flavors but it fulfills that boba craving decently.  The only time I ever stop by is if I'm in the area for Asiana Market, Hodori, or waiting for Mr. W. to finish getting his hair cut next door.  Here's to many more years for The Street!
5	This place is so neat! Hands down best boba in town, AND you get to write on the walls and tables. Can you say awesome? I love how they give you the option of either real fruit or powder. It's all very fresh and refreshing. It is possible to order without the boba pearls too, if you're not a fan of them. My personal favorite is the papaya one so far, but I haven't tried them all yet!
4	I think this place was open after I finished high school because I still remember seeing the tagging we did on their wall. I love this place because it is laid back and chill. Great place to sit back and lounge with friends and family. If they got room for you, you are able to leave your mark on their wall which I think is always cool in places like this because I don't want to sound cliche, but part of you becomes a part of their place.Now, to why we came here and that was for the smoothies! I got to taste a strawberry/banana smoothie with boba. Pretty good. It tasted fresh and not like the one's I've gotten before from other places. So, if you craving for some smoothies, you know where to go.. (The Street, lol)
3	The tea was very good I almost think it's not really tea. It taste more like juice I had the strawberry milk tea with boba. I think the boba was a bad choice am pretty sure I almost choked on a few there should be a sign saying. " boba may cause chocking if drank through a fat straw." I guess I was expecting more from the boba but it didn't really have a flavor. Like eating a soft unflavored jelly bean. That's why I gave it three stars that and the place. It looked interesting but I felt like it was dirty. It's cool they let you color on the walls but it kind of exploded into a hot mess every where. But to each there own.
5	I absolutely love love love this place by far one of the best boba place I have tried... my favorite boba drink from their is the Banana milk smoothie
5	We are visiting and so excited to have found the Street.  I am a big fan of the bob smoothie.  I have been here two days and have had a boba smoothie every day.  Delicious.
5	Diamond ice is my favorite at this place! A nice refreshing dessert and isn't super sweet. Love it!
5	Good place to study and have a nice drink. They also have Ramen in case you get hungry. I have not tried it but may next time I go there.
5	This place has ruined all boba places for me. Nothing tastes as good as the Street. The boba is always cooked to perfection (which is evidently difficult based on my experiences with other places). The teas/smoothies are super fresh. I always get mango green tea and there are always these lovely mango chunks. Definitely the best boba place that I have ever been too!
5	I'm not sure what the owner does to the boba but it's the best boba place I've ever been to in AZ. The boba tastes sweet and the drinks themselves are made very well. The owner doesn't just hire anyone and makes sure the quality of the drinks remain consistent. My favorite flavor is the chocolate banana smoothie with boba. A must try! Also, if you want to combine flavors, she (the owner) will definitely let you.
5	Most of their flavors are really good. My fav is the red bean or blueberry. They are also the only place in town that has diamond ice, a must try! Very consistent and very good.
4	I have been coming to this place for several years now and love their boba. I never had a bad drink here and for the most part, the service is pretty quick. I usually stick with the same two drinks and either get there milk tea w/boba or taro smoothie w/boba. They both are delicious! I have tried many other drinks on the menu but those have been my go to drinks for some time now. I really love this place and will continue coming back! The only thing I wish they would do is have there nutritional information listed on the menu!
5	Probably the best place to get boba in AZ.I used to live across the street from this place.. literally.  & when I did, I used to come here a few times a week.-The drinks were always good and consistent.  -Never too long of a wait time. -Good menu---even better that you can mix flavors together.-They offer ramen and diamond ice (paht bing soo/shaved ice)-Decently priced.Favorite flavors:-Mocha Smoothie w/ boba-Mango, pineapple, strawberry smoothie w/ boba-Honeydew smoothie w/boba-Passionfruit slush w/boba*only drinks I'd be hesitating on ordering is the flavored milk teas?  I once had the strawberry milk tea & it was disgusting.  They clearly do not make it like the other boba shops do...Shop itself is pretty cool.  There's tagging and grafitti all over the walls.  It's cool to come back after a couple years and see that your mark is still there.Try to find mine if you can! (; *clues:Mine's at the front counter... & I'm in a sorority
1	Dear host that works at The Street on Dobson and southern: PUT THE JOINT DOWN AND PAY ATTENTION TO MY ORDER. I swear, I've never had more lackadaisical service than this guy... What happened to this place? It used to be my favorite boba spot and now I don't even want to come back. It's become a stoner/burn out spot, rather than a culturally diverse place that was attentive and friendly. Not anymore. You've lost a customer  Sincerely, a once faithful boba customer.
