5	Easily my favorite place to eat in Madison.  Great Lao-Thai food.  Curries are fantastic and make sure to start with a soup.  They're always good.  Tip: place is tiny and you will wait.  Either get carry out or head across the street to the Weary Traveler to grab a beer while you wait for your table.
5	The best restaurant in Madison.  Get the house specialties.  The new Atwood location is bigger, but the Mom cooks at the little one on Wily.
4	Number 24.  I wish I'd been the one that ordered it.
5	Damn tasty Laotian food. Wish I would have known about this place when I lived here. I wouldn't have been such a wuss about spicy Asian food when I moved out to San Francisco. The food seems very authentic and the portions are actually perfect. Crunchy veggies and tasty curries. And where else in the world can you get a Spotted Cow or Two Hearted Ale with a Laotian meal?
5	I love this place, and I'm always so surprised when people say that they've never been there before - but I can see why one would miss it at first.  It's a tiny little building with a front window that is so vegetation-filled as to be jungle-esque.  The food is authentic and delicious.  I always get one star spiciness in my food, but you can get up to FIVE star spicy!!  Not for the faint of heart, my friend.  I recommend the Willy Street location, but I haven't yet tried the new Atwood spot.  And by the way, if you like the curry squash at Vientienne Palace, try Lao Lang Xang's.  You will never look back.
5	Fantastic Lao food in Madison.  While I should have ordered the four star heat level, the food was wonderful and the vegetarian options very numerous.
5	Excellent Laotian cuisine...try the catfish and any of the special dishes...menu shares some items with other southeast Asian cuisine (e.g. Vietnamese spring rolls).  Prices are a bit higher than your standard Thai/SE Asian restaurant and servers can be a bit distracted at times, but very good overall.
3	Super tiny and perennially busy, so I expected the best when we finally got our table (after hearing lots of rave reviews and trying, unsuccessfully, to dine here on more than one occasion.) Sadly, my basil and tofu something or other was tasty but not really outstanding; same for my companion's red curry. The wine list and beer options were solid, but overall I found it a little pricey for what we got. Honestly I fear I somehow ate here INCORRECTLY, given the positive everythings this place is always getting.
5	My favorite restaurant in Madison.  Hands-down.  The soup is outstanding and the main dishes are very good.  We usually take-out but the small Willy St location is really cozy on a cold winter's night.  Service can be a bit slow but the servers work hard and are very friendly.  Portions are large and ingredients are fresh.  Prices are cheap for the quality of the food.  Enjoy.
5	I lived one block away from this place for at least two years and never knew about it. It's hands down my favorite lao/thai restaurant in town. I was luckier than Michael E. and found it before moving to San Francisco.  They deliver, and you can often find them serving up food at the near east side neighborhood festivals.
5	Tried it in 2005 by recommendation of a co-worker. The food was absolutely fantastic, and I'm always tempted to try it whenever I go back, but can't find anyone else who likes spicy food. I haven't come across a place quite as good or interesting here as this.As I mentioned, the food is excellent, but you will need to bring your patience. I think I went there on a good night because we got a table within 10 minutes (yes, the place is REALLY tiny), but it took quite awhile for our entree to be delivered to the table; the taste of the food will probably make up for it.
5	2 locations both spaced on same street.  willy location is small (5 tables max) atwood location is newer and larger, more aesthetically pleasing.  squash curry is a sure-win here... includes infamous thai eggplant :)recommend *****
5	Food is decent, and service is good. Try the Lao Specialties on the menu, and go for Native Lao spiciness if you can. Other items you can find in other Thai restaurants. My only complaint: I think LLX tries to accommodate American taste by removing organ meat in their larb dish. Just meat and spice, no intestine or liver in the mix. That's a pity! Lao dishes come with sticky rice. Make sure it's warm. All Southeast Asian Studies people at UW love this place. So that's quite a seal of approval. If any of the Wisconsinites visit Chicago, be sure to give Sticky Rice Restaurant a try. They specialize in Northern Thai dishes, which are very similar to Lao variety. You save a trip to Chiang Mai.
5	The best thai I've had in Madison. The service is great and the atmosphere is warm and comfortable. Limited seating for this location but if this is full go to their location across from Monty's Blue Plate.
4	One of the best Asian restaurants in Madison.  Consistently good and the new Atwood location means you can get a table.  5 star hot means HOT!  I couldn't handle it and I love spicy food.
5	I do wish that I had come here more often. The food I had here was great (I remember trying some type of curried catfish). And sure enough, I wasn't prepared for the spiciness - I went for three stars.  Oh well. Right now at my current location I'd happily take a good, spicy dish again!
4	Food: Generally good to excellent.  Recommend the House Specialties in particular.  Some of the more ordinary dishes like Garlic Shrimp are good but not much better than you'd get at other Asian restaurants.  Lately (2007-2008) in my experience there can be a tendency to skimp a bit on the proteins in the dish -- there were only 6 shrimp in the Garlic Shrimp dish ($12) and only a few pieces of tofu included with the Curry Squash.Service: Tends to be slow.  I've dined in at the Willy Street location and carried out from both Atwood and Willy Street locations, total about 10 experiences, usually in early evening on both weekends and weekdays.  Servers are friendly but tend to mosey even during busy times.  Expect to spend 1.5-2 hours for a meal with 2-3 people.   Add 10-15 minutes to their estimated times when carrying out.   Value: Decent.  Prices have jumped quite a bit in the past 6 months or so, though this is probably related to overall rise in food prices.  Entrees $12-16.Overall: Agree that it's one of the better Asian options in the Madison area.  If you have time to wait, the food is usually worth it.
5	This was a delightful place to have a cozy dinner on an extremely cold night.  The atmosphere is actually kind of romantic, which I wasn't expecting when I saw it from the outside (it's such a teeny hole in the wall that I thought it would be more dive-y than it was).  I came here at the insistence of my boyfriend, even though I'd heard many good things about the food from various sources.  The boy and I first bonded over our love of Curry Squash (aww.. ?) and he said that Lao Laan-Xang had the best in the city.  That is a bold statement.  :)  We started out with a *spectacular* Tom Yum Kung soup for two.  It comes in a neat, self-heating contraption and you ladle it out yourself.  There was *way* more than two people needed, which was awesome considering how delicious it was.  We both got Curry Squash, unsurprisingly.  I really liked it, but can't say that it was definitively the best Curry Squash I've ever had.  It was different, though.  Less fatty, maybe?  Either way, I was satisfied.
5	Authentic family-style Laotian food for Thai-jaded palates.We flew into Madison without filing a flight plan. Trusty yelp algorithms saved our bacon by pushing this unpronounceable gem to the top.Wife and I both ordered the Saturday special, a seafood curry. Portions were generous, particularly for the reasonable $12.95 price. Kids both liked their entrees, #23 a seafood dish, and #14, noodles with vegetables. I ordered mine with the 3-star hotness rating, "adventurous," since I'm not a spice badass. But I felt I could have handled the 4-star, "Lao native." So maybe go a star up from what you think you can handle. Appetizers were fine. Crab Rangoon came six to the order and were non-greasy. I liked the pork egg roll better than the veg one.$70ish out the door with tip, pretty darn reasonable for a family dinner for four.The restaurant is cozy and intimate. The owners were there with their cute kids. It's easy to find on Willy street, a strip of tattoo parlors, coffee shops, social justice agencies, veterinarians and other stuffs white people like. stuffwhitepeoplelike.comService was ace. The waitress refilled our rice without charge and hipped us to a nearby free music festival. She also directed us to Madison's best custard place, Michael's. Not that we had any room for dessert.Loved this place. We'll be back next time we're in town.
4	Can't believe it took me so long to write a review. This place rocks, with exceptionally good veggie eggrolls (I get tired of spring rolls, and missed eggrolls). I got the Squash Curry I was so anxious to try and - though not necessary - I even had a choice of tofu or shrimp. I had the tofu and it was incredible! Lots of leftovers, which I put in my hotel fridge to take home with me.The reasons it's a 4 star review? Slowish service when not crowded and a pretty lousy cabernet sauvignon.
3	Kang Gai soup is a lot creamier than other similar soups (Thai, etc). Filled with a lot of ingredients. It came in one of those hot pot soup serving bowls where a small flame is kept going. The ladle was really hard to use with it--it barely fit into the gutters of the bowl so uh..yeah, the ergonomics of it was bad. I got the Moak Pa--steamed catfish with ground pork wrapped with banana leaves. The flavors were disappointing and the fish wasn't even all that tender or juicy. The dish erred on the salty side. We barely touched the accompanying sticky rice as it didn't go as well as with regular rice. I was a fan of the squash curry, though. Chockful of different kinds of squash, eggplant, and zucchini, this thick concoction was unique and delicious. The chicken in it was tough and overcooked but I'd just pick those pieces out and continue on with the curry and squashes. Perfect dish to pair with rice.Food comes out a tad slow and there was this annoying fly hovering around our table (even though it was kind of cold in the restaurant). It was good but not great.
4	I love this place.  I have only been to the Williamson street location, but we generally go at least once a month.  We pretty much always get the Squash Curry as one of our meals, which is very tasty.  Their Tom Yum soup is also very good.They no longer have a delivery and, as others have pointed out, they can be rather slow some times.
5	Had been there once to Atwood location and loved it. Went back there a couple more times but they place was packed each time so we went to different place. Would love to try again sometime soon.
5	This place is amazing!!!  And, fits all budgets.  If you want to go all out, you can.  But if you just want rice and the most amazing peanut sauce it will run about $4.25.  Must note, it is a very small establishment and on weekends you are bound to wait.  The curries are amazing and my favorite is the squash curry and a green special that they have from time to time.  They know how to cook their tofu and I have enjoyed their chicken as well.  Good size portion, good atmosphere!  My favorite in Madison!
5	This is one of the few "ethnic" restaurants in Madison I really love.  No offense, Madtown - but you're not known for it.  This is definitely an exception though.   Good, spicy Thai-like food (I have little frame of reference for specifically Laotian food).  I recommend the kang phet and gang-galli curry dishes here.  Portions run large-ish and I usually bring home left-overs.  I think this is a good date place, but also works with a small group of friends.  As for ambiance, the place is lacking - the neon sign is tacky, the decor is blah, the lights are a bit too bright for a place that most people come to for dinner.  But the deliciousness of the food totally makes up for it!
4	It has been over 8 years since I have been back to Madison and I hit Lao Lann-Xang on my first night. I always liked the bright red neon sign! I remember this place in the late 1990s as a very cozy place. The decor has become more open and less interesting if you ask me. This said, the food was as I remembered it. I had the Monday night Tofu special and was happy with it. The "native" spice level is as hot as I remember it and overall I felt that making the special effort to eat here after nearly 10 years away was worth it. My only complaint is that they close at 9 (Monday at least) and stop taking orders well before this. I always had problems in Madison getting top notch food after 8:30 and I wish the best places really were "open" till 9. If it is after 8 pm call first. What a gem!
5	This place is excellent! I have to stop here everytime I go home. The Tofu Panang Curry is the best. All the ingredients are fresh, the service is excellent, and atmosphere is nice. I have nothing but positives to say....try and you will want to come back!
4	I'm recommending this place as one of the few serious places in Madison for decent Asian food (no idea how fusion this place is). My friend says it's comparable to some of the places in the Bay Area, but I'm still undecided on that.For one thing, the food in this restaurant has some flavor and is spicy (the "careful" level is tangy and subtle) but not overly so like Vientiane (which nasty and greasy enough that it burned a hole in my stomach). Service is kind of varied -- The first time I went there, the waiter was fairly rude, but I had a nice waiter the second time. Lunch deals are reasonably priced at less than $10 including soup, salad, or egg roll.Their chicken curry is fairly tasty, though a tad on the weak end of the flavor spectrum (for me). My boyfriend likes one of the stir-fried beef dishes, which he told me was somewhat juicy. My vegetarian friends enjoy the mock duck dish, which actually had a nice, tasty brownish sauce.Overall, I'm recommending this place since there's something for everyone in terms of food choice and decent flavor.
4	I love LLX, though I usually get it for delivery.  My favorite is 13B, a sort of padthai-ish type of a noodle dish, and the curries.  The soups are also great, as are the appetizers.  You can choose your own spice factor, but the 4 stars is going to melt your face.  The portions are large enough to share without a problem, unless you disagree on the spiciness of your food.  Delivery minimum is $20, so you will need to order a couple of dishes if you don't want to make the trip over there.There are two locations, the one on Atwood is bigger than the one on Willy St.
5	Really nice place to go on a date or with friends. Its pretty casual in style and the food is great. We had the crab rangoons - bigger than some I've ordered in other cities and definitely delicious with ample sweet and sour sauce for dipping. Then we had Kang Gai soup which is one of my favorite things in the world. Lao Laan-Xang didnt let us down one bit, it was wonderful and served at least 2 or 3 cup-fulls per person in the "Two Person" order. For our main meal my mom and I split an order of the famous squash curry and couldn't finish it even between the two of us - not to say I'm complaining about the wonderful leftovers! In terms of spiciness, we went with a comfortable "Adventurous" (equivalent to 3 stars I guess?) for both the soup and the curry. The soup could have been a lot hotter and the curry was a better amount of spice but didn't make either of us sweat or sniffle. The flavors were delicious and the place is very popular - if you arrive after 6:30pm, expect a bit of a wait. Service was prompt, friendly and helpful + as a vegetarian, I appreciated the plethora of tofu-substitutable items and yummy vegetables! I'll come back again any time I'm in town.
5	I'm from San Francisco and have been looking for an Asian restaurant to knock my socks off (needless to say, it hasn't happened....until I came here!) This is definitely my favorite restaurant in Madison! The pumpkin curry is delicious, as was everything else we ordered (I don't remember the name, but we also had some kind of grilled chicken with a spicy papaya salsa-- divine!). You can decide how spicy you want your food (4 stars= "Native Lao". The service was great, the food was delicious...what more could you ask for?
4	I love mangoes because of this place. The mango curry dish is out of this world!!!! Followed by the mango sticky rice. You cannot go wrong here. When in Madison, this is a must do!!! If you're lucky enough to live nearby, beware! It can be addicting. You've been warned.
4	The food at this place is 5-star. VERY, VERY good, especially if you are vegetarian. The acoustics in this place are 0 stars, TERRIBLE. I was even wearing my high-dollar earplugs and couldn't wait to get out of there. Could not even converse with my date. The noise was making everyone talk louder and louder. If you go at 5pm or 6 there are shrieking babies. On the bright side my date gave it the thumbs up for the food. He is sensitive to loud noise as well but was so happy with the food he didn't complain. The wait-staff is very, very nice. (Unfortunately for us The Weary Traveler Restaurant nearby has the same acoustics problem.)
5	amazing food!!! stopped in for lunch today and the mango curry (with an "adventurous" three-star spice level) was incredible! spicy and sweet with pineapple, squash, tofu, and potatoes, i left a very satisfied girl. actually, everything we had was fantastic, including the tofu soup (served with the lunch plate) and egg rolls (ordered separately). fantastic food, reasonable prices, a super friendly server, and two charming chefs who still cooked lunch for us even though we wandered in just past closing time made this a remarkable lunch experience. if i lived in the area i would definitely take out-of-towners to this spot (in between my own regular visits).
5	Lao Laan Xang on Willy is a tiny little restaurant with unbelievable food.  I've never had a bad meal there -- everything I've eaten has been tasty, fresh and authentic.  My personal favorite is #33, which I believe is called Kua Curry Sai Phak (veggies and tofu in a coconut milk curry).  The flavor is incredible. The service is very friendly and the servers are usually quite knowledgeable about the dishes if you are having trouble deciding.The only bad thing about it -- and I mean only -- is that they serve cans of soda instead of unlimited refills from the fountain. If you have a Diet Coke addiction like I do, this could be a slight problem!  Overall, though, it's among my very favorite restaurants in Madison.
5	My favorite place to dine in Madison. Everything I have tried there has been perfect. The steamed veggies are even fresh!
4	It's a small little place, right there on Willy St.  It's fairly cozy inside, with low lighting, but well chosen decor.  It's definitely not the best location for a large group, but if there's just a few of you, it's worth a stop.As with other thai restaurants, they've got a spice scale (1 star = mild, 4 stars = Thai spicy), so you can customize the entree to your liking.Not being overly into Thai/Laotian, I went with a "safe" selection, a stir fry in a sweet and sour based sauce.  I went with moderate spice. It was definitely a unique taste, one I would highly recommend!  I wouldn't consider it traditional fare, there were more than plenty of options, if that's your thing.I was convinced to go in halvsies on a dessert of mainly coconut milk, rice, and cinnamon, topped with a slice of mango.  Good thing it was in season! It's one of those unique dishes that, I have to admit, doesn't sound like the most appetizing thing until you try it.  However, if you get the chance, go for it - it's a unique dish you won't want to pass up.I'd recommend Lao Laan Xang for anyone else looking for a unique, tasty, meal.
5	Hooray! We FINALLY matched up schedules with the WIlly St. location! It seems like every time we've tried to dine here, it's not open that day, or hasn't opened yet, or just closed for the night. Grrr. We've been to the Atwood location before, but I have to say I like this better. Especially with it being lunch, and not too crowded(or loud). This is a teeny-tiny place, so voices carry from one table to the next.We ordered our dishes, and spring rolls to start. This was a mistake. Not because they weren't good(which they were. Not great, but good), but because we were both full less than halfway through the main course. The portions are quite large!I ordered a noodle dish with coconut curry, cabbage, potatoes, bean sprouts and other deliciousness. The only complaint is that my man's dish was described as a soup, and came out sans broth. It was still tasty, though. Oh, and it was pretty darn cold inside. We left with FULL bellies, leftovers for tomorrow, and a wallet that didn't feel abused.
4	Like the food although it was not a spicy as I was warned.  thumbs up overall
5	Best Thai (really Laotian) in Madison, WI.  My coworkers and I go there for dinner every week, it's that good!!!!  Never a bad meal and the service is helpful and friendly.  We didn't go there the last 2 weeks because of the holidays and Mui (sp?) was concerned something happened to us! :)It can be a bit busy sometimes, but never feels crowded and we've always gotten a table.The portions can be a bit large so we usually use the rule of 1 order per 2 people, soup to start, and it still leaves room for mangoes and sticky rice.  If you skip on this tasty desert, you'll regret it!
2	I wasn't very fond on the food in this restaurant and it was expensive for what we got.  The restaurant was really crowded and small.  One waitress rushed around trying to take care of everyone.  I thought the prices were high for the quality -my dish wasn't particularly flavorful or unique.  Perhaps I caught them on an off night judging by the other reviews, but I'm not inspired to go back.
4	Great food here. The curries with the squash and shrimp and what was really great. I miss this place - not Madison, but this place for sure.
3	I just want to start off this review by saying that the 3 star rating doesn't tell the whole story. There were extreme high "ah-ha" moments and there were also "wtf" moments so the food here is anything but average. personally those great high notes make the meal even if i stepped along some land mines along the way. i would def recommend this place.we went with a group of 7 and this place is TINY and does not take reservations but we called ahead anyway and they were really good at trying to prepare for us. service was really excellent even though i was thrown off by this hipster crowd serving us asian cusine. we ordered the Tom Yum Kung. let me tell you, this soup is so difficult to make well because of the balance of all the sweet and sour aspects of it so i've been disappointed before but this was by far that i've tasted in awhile. not saying it was perfect but you sure won't be disappointed.Moak Pa - steamed catfish with ground pork wrapped in banana leaves. that is a pretty unique dish and i've never seen it on a menu. order it if you are feeling adventurous. the flavors aren't so radical you can't handle it but the preparation is just so interesting.Curry Squash is what people rave about. i thought it was good but it kinda tasted like penang curry with squash. it wasn't as amazing as these other yelp reviews IMO. but if you like curries, especially the penang type, curry squash is def a keeper.Tom Som - i'm sorry but i didn't get this dish. the unripe papaya is apparently popular in chinese dishes and even though i grew up with chinese food i've never tasted anything like it. the fried chicken was a bit dry. nothing was really the star of this plate but i think the papaya was suppose to be...and i didn't like it. really didn't like it. hahfor dessert we had the sticky rice with fresh mango. i have to tell you this was the most amazing part of the entire meal. i'm not really a dessert or sweets type of guy but i thought this was totally awesome. the sweet sticky rice was tasty. the fresh mango was tasty. combined, it was outer worldy.
3	I'm fond of a small-space restaurant, so the crowdedness didn't bother me. Actually, if you want to avoid feeling like sardines in a can, go for Tuesday night - then you'll get to enjoy the atmosphere and food.My bf and I started out with a plate of fresh spring rolls. For vegetarians like us, this was a perfect starter. Tofu, rice noodle wrapped with very crisp iceberg lettuce. It really hit the spot on our hungry stomach.Upon the waitress' recommendation, I ordered pad-thai like dish. This was ok. Below my expectation. There was too much sweet sauce, which bothered me little bit. My bf's vegetable curry (squash, green beans, eggplant, carrot) was pretty excellent. No complaint on this one. Overall, very satisfied. I like this place as a low-key date night venue :)
2	First off, I love Lao Laan Xang. Until yesterday I would have referred to it as my favorite restaurant in Madison. Lately it has not been as good. Recently I ordered a tofu basil dish and when I received it there was no basil. I asked the waiter what was going on and he said "Oh sorry, we're out of basil" - seriously!! that information would have been helpful earlier, I would have ordered something else. Also, on three recent occasions I have gone in over lunch and been given a dinner menu. That's fine, I'm okay with your prices, but if you don't want to serve lunch specials don't have them. On these occasions I asked and received a lunch menu, but I shouldn't have to ask. Yesterday, I picked up lunch. 1. the take out boxes are now Styrofoam!!?!! 2. there was a puddle of curry sauce in the bag when i got there / the egg rolls had absorbed this puddle of curry sauce. 3. Two out of three of the orders were incorrect 4. we were charge $6 extra for sticky rice (for 2 entrees).
5	just ate here and the heat from the food still remains.  we ordered a soup for 2, a curry dish (Sat special) and a chicken w/ mushrooms (#15), and seriously that was food not only for 2, but for 2 meals.  i enjoyed that this was a small joint, and felt like food really came from the kitchen...like from someone's home.we lucked out as 5 mins later there was a huge pileup at the waiting area.  when you get that many people, its not good eating because you know they're waiting for you (and probably are observing how you're eating).  we didn't really care, our dishes were so flavorful.  our server was awesome too....as many tables as she had to go around, we felt taken care of.  the food didn't take long, but not so short you think they had it pre-made.  this place reminds me of San Francisco a bit.  not sure why...but we could sure use more of these.  gonna have to come back next time we're in Madison.
4	Went with my lady on a Monday night and they were doing brisk business. The food was great, service was good, and the atmosphere was ok.  We'll certainly eat here again.
1	I just got delivery last night and it is about the 4th time from the Willi St location that things are not what I expected or missing things. I ordered the Kang Phet with Beef, literally got 5 very small pieces of beef and about a million bamboo shoots. Really? I also ordered the 4 stars and my bf's 2 star chicken version was as hot as mine. They are really inconsistent with this. If you go it's fine, but I would definitely go to the Atwood one.
3	There's a reason this review is rated at three stars -- and it's not because of the food. We've been going to both LLX locations quite a while, both of them since they've opened in their respective locations really.  This was the first time that we've ordered take-out.It being a Friday, I had to order from the Williamson St. location, which does takeout on Friday and Saturday; the Atwood location does it the rest of the week.  Ok so far, even though it's a bit silly to have to remember where to order from.We ordered a pair of vegetarian eggrolls, khua mee with tofu, and the mango curry -- this last being perhaps my favorite of their many excellent curries.  I was told that it would be 30-45 minutes for the delivery, so the wife and I settled down to a game of Scrabble.The order arrived more than 90 minutes later. At the door, the delivery guy quoted the total at a dollar more than they did on the phone, but that's his loss as it only reduced his tip by the same amount. (or did it?).  The food was hot and we were itching to dig in.The eggrolls, normally fat and crispy in the restaurant, arrived somewhere between damp and soggy.  Still tasty, but disappointing when one is looking forward to the crisp.The khua mee was good, though not great -- largely I think because they jammed the entire order into a takeout container one size too small and so most of the noodles emerged broken.And the mango curry?  No way to know, because they sent pineapple curry instead, though that was excellent as always.  I just finished the leftovers, re-heated as my lunch.  Their curries are even better the second day.The take-out operation is clearly the problem. To get the orders straight, to avoid funny stuff about the order total between the phone and the door, and to get the packaging right, perhaps they should consider running the take-out from one location only, seven nights a week. Will we continue to eat at LLX? Definitely.  Will we continue to order take-out from them?  Yes, but only because the food is that good and because Madison is radically deficient in decent delivered food.  But they're only getting a couple of more chances at the take-out side of things.
1	I must have terrible karma when it comes to this place. I look that the reviews and think I must be eating at a different place than everyone else. I've been here 3 times, and the service has always been cool and unskillful. With the exception of the squash curry, I've had some mediocre to terrible meals.Most recently, the broccoli in the noodle dish came out so overcooked, it was completely brown-grey. The dish had also not been expo-ed properly, so when I sent it back, it came out looking like a different dish. That said, the second attempt was nothing more than "blah." I think the vegetables are frozen to start. The life had also been boiled out of all the vegetables in my date's dish.I just think there are so many great Asian places in Madison, I don't know why people flock here.
5	What a great place. The prices are just right, and the food is fresh and delicious. My friend and I shared two appetizers: crab rangoon and summer rolls. I don't usually order crab rangoon, because it always seems like something taken out of the freezer and thrown in the deep fryer. Not so here! They were light, crispy, and just the right amount of greasiness. They definitely tasted fresh. We shared an order of squash curry with tofu, which was amazing. We asked for 2.5 star-level spiciness, which was perfect. Hot enough to give you a buzz, but not so hot that you need to take breaks while eating. The service was excellent too. I wish I could go back today, but they're unfortunately closed on Sundays!!
3	squash curry = orgasmthat is all.
4	Lao Laan is like a high maintenance pretty girl that you wish you could say no to, but that has a way of opening up and emptying your wallet before you know what happened.....the entrees run about $10-$16, and the real problem is that the food is so good you'll want to get a soup (the kang gai especially) that you'll end up dropping $20+ per person per visit.  At least I always seemed to find a way to. If you don't mind the price (or just can't help yourself) the food is always outstanding.  I also agree with other reviewers discussing the intimate nature of the restaurant, and it really does feel like your eating at someone's home.Now if only they wouldn't charge $6.25 for a bowl of soup.....
5	I know my Thai food and this place offered some of the best I'd ever had!  It is a small, quaint restaurant with impeccable service!  Our waitress was SUPER nice and didn't mind any questions we had pertaining to the menu.  Speaking of the menu, at first glance I didn't see any of the "traditional" Thai dishes to which I've become accustomed: Pad Thai, Thom Ka Kai, Panang, so I had to read the ingredients of each dish to decide what I wanted.  I chose the Kang Phet, which is about as close to the Panang dishes I've had- but BETTER!!  I also tasted my husband's Mango Curry with chicken and it was amazing!  The food was simply delicious.  The Thai Iced Tea was a perfect combination of tea and milk and not overly sweet or loaded with more ice than tea!  I will definitely make a return trip if we are ever back in Madison.  Now back to the west coast, where I hope to find a Thai place that comes even just a little close to the superb taste Lao Xang's dishes had!
5	SO good.  a little gem.  everything is delicious and great options for vegetarians.
4	Had the catfish which was flavorful but may be a little pungent for the American palette. Since I'm a ninja, I'm used to bold flavors.What makes the Northeastern/Laotian style different from other Thai cuisine is their use of dill and lesser use of coconut.  The dill imparts a special herbaceousness that is unique. I found it to be fairly representative of the region since I've been there many times on my assassination missions. Watch out for the authentic Laotian spiciness scale. It will make you cry like many of my victims. Their sour sausage dish was very good too. It's ground up and stir fried with chilies, lime and the usual gamut of thai spices.
4	With so many positive reviews already, I can just reconfirm what's already been said: great food, really delicious, cozy atmosphere (like somebody's house... because essentially it is).  I had the larp, and the greens were fresh and delicious.  I think the best dish in our group was the chicken curry - amazing flavor!The staff was very helpful, if understaffed, for lunch. Definitely recommended.  Park on one of the side streets nearby.  There's a bakery and a coffee shop within walking distance, but the bakery was closed the day we were there.
5	This place is amazing. The soups, especially, are fantastic. The flavors are very complex and the ingredients always taste fresh.  If you like things spicy, you can specify that with your order and you won't be disappointed. Reasonable prices, too.Their Atwood location has more space than the Williamson Street location, and slightly better ambiance.Expect a long wait on take-out.
5	Best curry dishes in town!
4	I would give it a 4 and half if I could .. I love this place, the food is amazing .. I have not had one bad dish here .. They customize everything as in EVERYTHING for vegetarians.... and their drinks are yummy I always get this lychee drink its amazing . The food is amazingly priced and service is great
4	Make sure you get the Kang Gai. The soup has such wonderful flavor and makes a great appetizer.We have been here a few times and most recently tried the squash curry. We found that the squash didn't compliment the curry the way the mango did and will stick with our preferred mango curry. We also tried the Thum Som. It was unique, fresh and tasted similar to seaweed salad. The sticky rice and chicken served with it complimented the cool, crisp vegetables. I'll need to eat this again in my lifetime.Overall, this is a place I always look forward to going. It has a calming atmosphere, knowledgeable wait-staff and solid food. I like to go here and get one staple and try something new every time.
5	Best Vegetable Spring Roll around, possibly ever.  The dinners are always delicious with generous servings.  The Saucy Mock Dock is a surprising delight, with tender mock duck and a savory, sweet brown sauce.  The atmosphere fits the neighborhood; quirky and cozy.
4	A classic example of don't let looks deceive you. Small and non fancy, this little gem of a restaurant was awesome. I was lucky enough to get a table right away. Looked over the menu of authentic food and chose the veggie spring rolls, mango curry and house fried rice. WOW, each was amazing. Fresh, right amount of spice and of course mire than I could eat in one sitting. Priced right too. Defiantly a must if you live or visit Madison like myself.
4	One of my favorite spots in town for a tasty, fresh affordable meal!  I have eaten at both Willy St. and Atwood locations, and tried numerous dishes.  Not one has disappointed.  My favorites are definitely the curries, particularly the squash and mango.  Service has always been good.  Only thing........when I order my food extra spicy (5*), I expect my to work up a sweat and have my mouth to catch fire!  Yet, I've been to few places in the states where "spicy" actually is spicy!  I need to remember to just order extra hot sauce on the side w/ my takeout next time.
5	I can't speak highly enough about this place. It's a good thing so many positive reviews have come before me, because I'm so stuffed with Laotian goodness right now that I can barely think straight! The staff is courteous and down to earth, most are native Lao. The American servers do a good job of letting customers know what best appeals to a Western pallet.
1	I'm sure that not everyone will have this experience but tonight i am alone in a hotel in Wisconsin in food poisoning agony due to this food. Not recommended.
4	I'm torn.The food is great. The delivery/takeout service (Williamson St. location) is on the decline.I work late, and used to order delivery from them to my office all the time. They used to be very accommodating, making orders after hours if the order was big, basically providing excellent service. Now they have reduced their delivery zone, and are unwilling to accept orders even 25 minutes BEFORE closing time.I used to think that they really wanted my business, and I tipped 30+% for their making the effort. Now they are making plenty of money, getting fat and happy, and I am not. I don't think the quality of the food has declined, it just has gone from a 1st generation feel, to a "normal" good restaurant feel.
4	Four stars is pretty good in my book, and I've seldom given 5 stars.I've ordered the curry squash dishes and noodle dishes in the past. On a recent visit, I ordered the egg rolls (they are fairly large), the stuffed chicken wings with brocolli and peanut satay coconut sauce, and bean thread Long Song (sp?) dishes.  I have tried the Atwood and Willy St locations and I really do adore the charm and personalized attention one gets at the Willy St location more. I think we were served by the owner/co-owner and she was extremely attentive during a busy Saturday night.The food was delish, and we had enough leftovers of course, for another meal. One thing I would recommend to them is to have more noodle dishes, and few people know what "bean thread" noodles are, so it would be good to use other descriptors like "clear rice noodles", etc. Also, at other places, when I've ordered stuffed Hmong chicken wings, the sauce accompaniment has been fish sauce with lime juice, so this was a variation upon that classic.
5	Lab was amazing I just keep forgetting that I'm not a mint fan and need to order it without mint! Papaya salad was like salted crab vers no bones, sweet spicy amazing!Plenty sticky rice perfectly cooked. Regarding a previous mention of "food poisoning," which seems to be an issue with a lot of reviews for S/SE asian food. Note that spicy foods as well as certain herbs, like basil, when consumed in large amounts have an irritant effect on the bowel = diarrhea. That's *not* food poisoning, that's a lack of eating in moderation!
5	My mouth salivates just thinking about my fav dishes at Lao Laan Xang--and there are sooooo many favs, I promise.First, a correction: Lao Laan Xang is not Thai, it is LAO.  In fact, it was the first LAO restaurant in Madison.  It's a family run operation deeply rooted in the Willy street community. Second, there are two locations: Atwood and Willy.  The Willy street restaurant is the original and Atwood is the more spacious, chic 2nd location.  Third, do not get "native Lao" four stars unless you are native Lao or do not have any taste buds.  I have witness many non-natives order 4 **** only to see them cry and sweat through their meals.With those things shared, you will like Lao if you like:*fresh veggies in your dishes or need veggie options.  A favorite of many vegetarians is the curry squash.  It's a delightful peanut curry stew with different kinds of squash . * coconut curries, and such ingredients as: kaffir leaves, galangal, ginger, chili peppers, garlic, fish sauce,  (optional), lime, cilantro* great wine and beer selection considering it is a family owned operation* variety of noodle and rice dishes My favorite is Khua Fue: Soft wide rice noodles with stir fry veggies like zuchhini, mushroom, snow peas, broccoli and choice of meat. I get shrimp and tofu combo. The sauce must be a secret recipe because I have tried to remake it at home with no luck.   Not too brothy and not to dry.  Perfection!Lao Laan Xang is comfort food--Lao style!
4	I'm jumping on the bandwagon here: the squash curry is fabulous. Brave the Willy Street construction to get there.
2	Food is so so. I have had better thai food before.
4	When they say spicy,it is really spicy,by Asian standards,we love this place!
5	Another Madison favorite. I can't vouch for the authenticity of the food, but it is darn tasty, with full, fresh flavors. The staff is friendly, and the prices (though a touch on the high side) are well worth it. I'd recommend a trip to anyone that enjoys southeast asian food.
5	Unbelievably good. Didn't know the place existed until recenly after visiting Madison many times. I could eat at this place everytime I come to Madison and it wouldn't be enough. Great food!
5	LOVE this place. Willy st. location is my favorite. love the squash curry and the mango sticky rice. so delicious
5	Just wanted to put in a plug for their new food cart, on Johnson a little east of Mills. They have squash curry, mango/pineapple curry, and a few sides. This is my new favorite food cart in Madison. Fast service, good prices, and the best curries in Madison (aside from the brick and mortar locations).
1	It was Laosy.
3	madison has terrible asian food. this place is good. sqash and green curry rec. food is on the salty side.
5	Delicious food! I'm a vegetarian and I had a tofu dish with peanut sauce. I don't like spicy food, so I asked for it to be as mild as possible. Shockingly enough, they listened-- it was tasty and not too spicy. Also, it was quite a large portion for $11... plenty of leftovers.
3	People seem to really like this place, however it might just be that I'm not a fan of that type of food, but I was underwhelmed with this place.  Nothing particularly wrong, just the food was pretty spicy and the flavors blended together quite a bit.  I'll probably go back though.
5	Laotian food..........my first try, but it was spectacular.  I had a red curry dish with chicken intermixed.  They had a nice staff and smokin' food.  I'd recommend it anytime.
2	The food is just ok. Veggies didn't seem fresh and the taste was just weird. Probably would not go back. It didn't help to see staff in Packers gear. Go Bears!
4	Go 'native' if you like it hot.  This is the go- to place in Madison for Thai style food.  Either location is great.
4	Yum yum yum.  This place was bustling on a Friday night, and with good reason.  The veggies were fresh and the sauces weren't too heavy.  The tofu wasn't fried and there were plenty of vegetarian-friendly options.  The prices seemed a bit higher than your average Thai restaurant (and if you like Thai it appears you will like Laotian...) but it was still an enjoyable visit.  Our server was friendly and non-intrusive.  Overall, I'd be happy to go back here!
4	Really great food.  I love the fact that you can ask for something super spicy and they give you something super spicy.  (I find a lot of places back off on the heat even if you ask for it... probably to avoid complaints)The dining area is very small but that's certainly not out of place on Willy st.  We have been here 5-6 times and the service has always been really great and very friendly.
5	I love Thai food and while traveling for work all across the country I have experienced the best and worst of Thai. However this place, a hole in the wall as most people would agree, is my favorite Thai restaurant so far. I simply love how rich and flavorful the food is without being heavy. The curries are great and unique. Who knew butternut squash could be so delicious.Would recommend this place to anyone who reads reviews!P.S. I am again on the road and love this little city in with eclectic restaurant options even though it's in Wisconsin (that's as good as it get's from a bears fan)
5	It was amazing!  Friendly service, comfortable, great shrimp soup for two with fresh mushrooms and spices, excellent Saturday special to recommend.  I will post a couple photos.  Great place!  And inexpensive to boot.
5	I've had plenty of Thai food, and was eager to try Laotian.  I was not disappointed.  I'm sure there's lots of crossover, so I can't say how authentic it is but it was darn good.I had the mango curry with mock duck, which was incredible.  Full of flavor, just the right thickness to ooze over the rice.  I like spicy, and 2 stars just barely registered on my heat scale, but the flavors were so good I didn't care.  My friend had the curry squash, I believe, or some other veggie curry, which was good, not great.  The service was very good.  The prices were reasonable for the quality.  The place is cozy.  I hope to go back.
4	One of the best take-out meals I've ever had. A group of us shared #31 Larp (with pork), #11 Kang Gai soup (w/chicken), #28 Mango Curry (w/ tofu), #19 Phra Lam Durn Don (w/chicken), and the Spring Rolls (both shrimp and tofu). We had the "timid" spice level for everything except the soup, which was "careful." The soup and Phra Lam were so very, very good. I could go for a big bowl of their peanut sauce right now. The curry was also great. The spring rolls were fine - we all liked the shrimp variety better than the tofu. The Larp dish was the only one we didn't finish (and lick the container) - too much ginger for my taste. Not terrible, but not nearly as good as the other dishes. I can't wait to return to Lao Laan-Xang!
4	Is Laos a country? Asked my girlfriend when we sat down together in this well-designed, high-ceilinged restaurant in Madison. After a brief discussion about South East Asia geography, we were eager to order some Laotian alcoholic beverages. I got a Laotian lager and my girl ordered the Thai Iced tea. Good choices respectively. This is the best Mango curry I have ever experienced, and if you order it medium it is the perfect balance of spicy and sweet. The staff, atmosphere and food was all delicious. I realize that's an awkward sentence.  I'm a sucker for customer service, so I was happy that our waitress brought me a side of chili peppers after I asked if they could make my peanut sauce vegetables with a little more kick. Also, they offered us mints at the end of the meal which is an essential if you plan on doin any smoochin after dinner. Great restaurant, decent prices, kick-ass mango curry.
5	This place is FANTASTIC.  Some of the best SE Asian food I've had anywhere.  If you aren't from the area you probably wouldn't know that Madison has a huge Lao population.  Lao food is similar and often identical to the dishes found in Northern Thailand.  My favorites here are the Tom Yam soup and the banana leaf fish.  Oddly enough the crab rangoons are a can't miss.  Standard dishes like curries, etc. are all available as well.They have two locations one on Willie Street and one on Atwood.  The Willie location is better but way smaller.  A can't miss if you are visiting or just like good Thai food.
5	This is one of my top three favourite restaurants in town.  We eat here almost once a week. Spring rolls are a great deal for a light and healthy lunch.
4	The Willy Street location of Lao Laan-Xang is very small but we were seated at a window seat on a beautiful Saturday and it was very comfortable. The service at Lao Laan-Xang was attentive from the moment we walked in and throughout the meal. The menu has a managable variety of dishes and many are able to be prepared vegetarian/vegan.The server guided me toward the squash curry with Thai basil and I am very glad he did. I ordered it Native Lao - a very manageable level of heat - and enjoyed the way the spiciness cut through the rich coconut cream. I look forward to trying the mango curry, another popular dish, as well as the Monday daily special of ginger tofu. The only drawbacks in my experience: there were not many appealing meat-free appetizers nor does Lao-Laan Xang offer brown rice. Considering the neighborhood it is in, I believe that they would have sufficient interest to merit both. Note: Lao-Laan Xang is not open on Sundays. Daily specials throughout the week make this a place worth visiting after work as well as on the weekends.
1	The crab appetizer has no crab in it, very misleading.Small and cozy restaurant, 10 table the most.The food is not authentic Laotian food,
5	I had a good idea of what to expect, having had Laotian cuisine maybe once or twice in the past. I can't comment on the restaurant itself because my friend and I had our meals delivered. Upon its arrival (on time, btw), I realized there were two things I was not expecting:1) The portion size. $11.50 gets you a LOT of food, more than a petite person can finish by herself in one sitting. You're looking at about two meals counting the rice.2) The quality. My gut told me to order Tofu in Peanut Sauce with the lowest level of spiciness. My gut, as usual, did not steer me wrong.I regret that I wasn't able to take the leftovers with me (long drive home with no insulated bag), but the memory of that sweet and delicious food will live on!
4	Food was great.  Service was a little cold, and left me needing water.Loved: eggrolls and most other apps, including the cucumber salad.  My kids (2 yo and 4 yo) loved the Udon noodles with no spice.  My pad thai with tofu was really good.The shrimp toast was a little greasy, and we were thirsty.  I will definitely be back though.
5	Best Laotian food I've ever had.  I had a noodle dish, curry and papaya salad.  It was all delicious with some major kick.  They use fresh ingredients so the dishes were quite flavorful.
4	good place to go eat!! I grown up in thailand. I would say the taste of food here very close to authentic or may be they know what I want but anyway every time I go there. I always have a really good time
3	Lao Laan-Zang is small and to the point. Like this review:15 or so lunch specials for around eight bucks. Big ups!Interesting blend of Thai-meets-Laotian.1-4 star spice scale (I went with "cautious"/2 stars)A decent beer/wine list for an Asian restaurant. Here's the deal though. I went with L1, Khua Nor Mai (chicken with mushrooms, fresh garlic, onions, green onions, zucchini, broccoli, fresh peppers, basil, and bamboo shoot strips) and I have to say it didn't have the saucy punch that reviews led me to believe. I will say that I went in that weird transition between lunch and dinner, so perhaps something got lost in translASAIN? Regardless the spring rolls are enough to get me to go back, and I'm excited to explore the menu a bit more!
2	Let me preface this review by nothing that by all means I am no laotian food expert. I do know my tastebuds though and this place simply did not win them over. My companion and I shared a wonton soup for an appetizer and this was the best part of the meal by far. A good spice and a far cry from the blandness that is often experienced at every americanized chinese restaurant in the US. The problem was with the main course. I ordered the green curry (what the waitress recommended as it was her favorite) with the fake duck. The portion was large but it lacked depth. It was mostly potato, curry sauce, and fake duck meat. I was a vegetarian for 15 years and occasionally still crave the replica of the real deal...not in the sense of a substitution, I actually like it! Sadly, this stuff was not good...maybe a 3 on a ten scale, 1 being that watery tofu that turned everyone off tofu. Okay so the protein wasn't that great...but most people I know will tolerate an overcooked fish as long as it's served with lots of butter. The curry should of been the saving grace of this meal, but that too fell flat. The green curry seemed to hit one note and when I think curry I think it must of been invented by an overworked spice rack giving up and everything just falling into the pot below and with a chef, simply having had enough, served this dish with every spice in the kitchen included and bam! Curry! The dish I experienced here did not fit that description, it was bland and simply lacking in tatebud stimulus. The waitress was wonderful (my water glass was never even close to 1/2 empty and the palce was packed!), the spice level was spot on with what we ordered, but ultimately it was not to my liking. Unfortunately this place reminded me of those americanized chinese restaurants in that the people running it have toned down the flavors in order to suit americans better. I doubt this is the food the cooks eat on their break, and that to me does not say authenticity. But hey, the place was very busy, so check it out and decide for yourself!
4	My first trip to Lao Laan Xang last night... Had the Curry Squash since it seems so popular.  It really was quite delicious!  I wasn't super hungry, so I didn't try any appetizers this time.  Next time, I have to try the spring rolls for sure.  I will definitely be back!
5	Very good food and very nice and prompt service. We ordered the Curry Squash with tofu, one of their soups, Moak Gai, and one of their fried rice dishes. We didn't really care for the Moak Gai as it didn't seem to have much flavor. The soup and fried rice where very good and worth ordering again, but it was the Curry Squash that left us wanting more. What a great little place. Note this place is not large, but they seem to handle it very well.
1	Horrible food!  Spring rolls have the thinnest slice of shrimp!  They also had Brown cilantro in them.  I ordered the mango curry and it was tasteless.  I have never had a curry that tasted so bland.  Next to zero chicken and the pieces I did get looked like scrap meat!  I tried staying positive though.  Ok lemme try a mango, nope it was a pineapple.  Ok here is a mango, nope another pineapple!  The rice was not jasmine rice, and tasted like paper.  The owner has successfully shown their skills at fooling us with cheap ingredients.  So I will never ever eat at this place.  Wish I could give them a no star rating
5	Excellent Laotian / Thai restaurant...best I've had in Madison and most anywhere else. More adventuresome than your average Thai fare. I've multiple times for take-out and dining in. Dining-in is best experience. Wonderful curries. I really enjoyed the mango curry and squash curry. In general, the food can be very spicy, which is good, and staff is helpful with information about chef's habits of spiciness. They can tone it down for you if you must... Green Papaya Salad, a staple, is best I've had. Many Wisconsin beers on menu...Small intimate, casual setting. Wonderful experiences.
5	Yum yum yum get the pad Thai its off the menu. Ask for the peanut sauce
4	We live nearby and have probably been here 10 + times. Overall, I really enjoy this restaurant, but I have found it to be hit or miss. At times the curry great and others it's not as thick in consistency. Either way, I think it's worth the trip and a great deal in terms of price and amount of food.
5	Order the curry.  It doesn't matter which kind, you can't go wrong, so just pick one.  I find myself craving the squash curry on a regular basis and I DONT EVEN LIKE CURRY.  Perhaps there is crack-cocaine in their recipe.  That would explain it.......
4	More bustling than anticipated for a weekday evening, we stood outside the little restaurant for about 5 minutes. The host was friendly and pleasant. Serve staff were likewise friendly, but with only 2 on hand for the evening, it took a while for usual service (drink refills, extra order of rice, etc).The curry squash with mock duck impressed me. The restaurant tiers their spiciness on a scale of 1-4. I went with the "Careful" (2) rating, which for someone who rarely adds pepper as a desired spice was just right for me -- not so hot that it made the meal unenjoyable, but plenty bright enough to taste a bit of a kick amongst the wide range of flavors from the dish.There was zero issue finding parking, and at $25 for two (dinner), we look forward to sampling more of their menu.
5	I love Thai food. I have tried thai food almost everywhere. I have tried many thai restaurants in chicago, orange county, boston, and in miami. By far, this is one of the top thai restaurants I have been, too. THey have the best papaya salad and seafood tum yum soup. It is so authentic. It reminded me of the tum yum soup and the salad I had when I was in ThaiLand and Laos. The only bad part about this restaurant is that it locates in Madison and I live in Chicago.
4	We love Thai Food!   We have eaten here many times.  Really like the new decor - good job!  Although it is tiny, we seem to get seated within a reasonable amount of time - kind of homey because of it's smallness.  Service a little slow but staff friendly and courteous.  Food is excellent, but a bit pricey.  Parking can be a problem if you go on a weekend when everyone is out and about.  We go to the other location over on Atwood too, but it's cozier here.  Bathrooms are clean and cheery!!!!  Only complaint I have is I don't like a lot of spice, always say as spiceless as you can get and it's always a bit spicier then I'd like.  Maybe that's just how it is with Thai food?
4	I've never been to a Thai/Vietnamese restaurant before, but I was pleasantly surprised. My coworker and I wanted to enjoy something warm (since we're both here on business from LA) and he found Lao Laan-Xang Restaurant. I was skeptical at first, but they keep the foods very authentic. I was expecting some type of curry pho, but the menu does not focus on fusion food.The menu has a clear distinction of Vietnamese and Thai. I enjoyed a bowl of Tom Yum Noodles, while my coworker decided to go with the pho. We were both plenty satisfied with our food. The Tom Yum broth was on the blander side, but the noodles were cooked perfectly and it came with about a 10 shrimp. Normally when you order a shrimp dish, you get a handful, but not at Lao Laan-Xang Restaurant. The pho also looked very good. Full of rice noodles and plenty of beef.If I'm ever in Madison again and need a bowl of noodles, I know where to come.Thanks again Lao Laan-Xang for a warming and very satisfying meal.
5	I love this place. Really some of the best curries I have ever had.
3	Started off with Fresh Spring Rolls with chinese sausage. I preferred it with that house sauce which had sweet and vinegar notes rather then the plum sauce. Also got the Papaya salad that was too heavy on the fish sauce and shrimp paste. Not well balanced.For entrees Khua Taley was not rememberable. Combination of seafood, veggies in a spicy salty sauce with citrus notes. Good but not mind blowing to get again. Now the curries are what they do. The Mango Curry was jammed packed with veggies, fruit in coconut milk, red curry and peanut sauce. Nutty, sweet and spicy. Did get 3 stars for everything and thought they were all spot on with the spice level.The place is small. Making it noisy when service picked up. When we arrived everyone working was sitting and didn't care to stand up to greet us. Just told to sit anywhere. Then after a few minutes our waitress came over with menus. Got a vibe from her that she didn't really care the entire time. She never cared to check up on us though service. Which made it hard to get more water. Another girl actually cleared our plates, gave us our checks and another guy gave us our entrees. Who are we tipping?May return for the curry but will go to the Atwood location first to see if they have better service.
5	I read a review that said some flattering and racy things about the squash curry once. So I went and tried the squash curry. I have probably sought it out once every couple of months since. If you are looking for a new addiction, come to the dark side. We have Thai basil.
3	I had the curry squash with chicken and the mango curry with catfish here. At least, that's what I ordered. She came back with mango curry with chicken, and I personally think that when the dish is drowned in curry, it's unacceptable to hand someone a dish with meat in it when they ordered one without meat. So, we let her know of her mistake and she apologized, asking if we really wanted her to take it back (who asks that? Just take it back and give me the right dish!). We declined and said it was fine. Usually a mistake like this = you give me the right dish immediately, or you strike it from the check because it was your mistake. Neither happened, and I suspect it was because she never told the manager of her mistake. Fine, just a service problem.The food is pretty stellar: 4 stars (-1 for the obnoxious service). The curry dishes are melt-in-your-mouth good, sizable portions (you can easily split a dish between two people) and not overwhelmingly just rice, like some places. The only reason it's not five stars is because it tastes just like home cooking. Nothing explicitly wrong with that, but I enjoy a restaurant that can really amaze me with their food. This place just made me think "this is real easy to make." Tossing every ingredient into a pot and letting it simmer for a while will give you a perfect replica of the dish. No skills needed. No secret what-was-that spice. So for that, 4 stars only.
4	My boyfriend is from the Madison area, so whenever we are in town we like to try a new restaurant in the area. For his birthday, he decided he wanted to try Lao Laan-Xang.The meal was delicious. As a vegetarian, I appreciated the fact that they carried mock duck. I ordered a mock duck noodle dish, and another member of the party ordered a mock duck curry. Both dishes were unbelievably flavorful, but I really did not enjoy the taste of the mock duck. It was rubbery and it just didn't taste like much of anything. Next time I would get the same dishes, just with tofu or veggies as opposed to the duck. Everyone else at the table thoroughly enjoyed their meal as well and everyone went home with leftovers.The only "complaints" are the place is pretty small so you are near everyone else dining, and the service was a bit hit or miss. Next time I am in town though this will be one of my first stops!
4	Went to Lao Laan-Xang for lunch on a quiet Saturday and had a delightful meal. My order was for one vegetarian egg roll as an appetizer, the Gang Gallie curry with chicken, and jasmine tea.The egg roll took a while to get out to me, but was hot and fresh. It was fat but not overstuffed, filled with cabbage, carrot and some other vegetables along with a good taste of seasoning. The wrap wasn't under-cooked on the on the inside like so many other egg rolls I've tried. I'm pretty sure the sweet & sour that came with was homemade, but it was so light in flavor it was unnoticeable against the bold seasoning of the egg roll itself. Kind of a shame, really.The Gang Gallie was a yellow curry and coconut milk base with chicken, green beans, potato, onion, Thai eggplant, and what I think was acorn squash -- it definately wasn't carrot as it said on the menu. They served it in the ceramic cooking vessel and the portion size was incredibly generous. A massive bowl of white rice was served alongside for ultimate carb overload effect. It may have cost $11.95 on the menu, but I was able to take home enough to make a second meal. The curry was very nice; all the vegetables were cooked just right and the flavor of the vegetables came through the spice.My jasmine tea was good. Enough said. =o)As far as spiciness goes, I had ordered the curry at spice level 4. On the menu this is described as "Native Lao" and I think that's accurate; you could eat this continuously without "overheating", so to speak. They're not trying to hurt you. It's spicy, but not crazy...if you are comfortable with spicy food, order at a 4. It's not overpowering.Service was attentive and nice. It's a small restaurant, so only one cook and one waitstaff was on duty. The food came out slowly but not unbearably so. Lao Laan-Xang was quite fairly priced and the food was good. If you haven't been, it's worth the visit.
5	Never disappointed and will keep coming back.  You can't really go wrong with anything on the menu.
4	A lot of their other dishes, particularly the curries, range from good to great.  Their Tom Yum Kung soup with tofu, on the other hand, is sublime.  It is truly exceptional...the kind of thing you want to bathe in...the kind of thing that compels you to write your first Yelp review.  Full disclaimer -- I haven't ordered it with the shrimp the dish calls for because I live in fear of imported farm raised shrimp (you should too).  I am not sure if they use farmed shrimp, but I don't need to find out because the tofu is perfect.  Lao Laan-Xang, I'll be thinking of you.
4	I love the food, it's exceptionally flavorful despite the level of heat. That option speaks even better of this restaurant, cuz' you can choose level of spicy heat  and no matter your choice, it will taste amazing. This is why LaobLaan-Xang is a top restaurant. Absolutely recommend to everyone. No better place in town for similar food. Make sure to always order dine-in or carry out. Delivery causes too extra expense, not friendly despite larger tip. Also make sure to choose correct location. Williamson St. vs Atwood Ave have different delivery rules although only few blocks apart.  Also, delivery orders are rarely correct. If you ask for omissions, exceptions, special instructions, few are fulfilled correctly. (only in my experience)Take this review as you will. Food is always awesome here, but delivery never expect what you ordered. That being said, I will never deny that this is still some of the best food in Madison. I recommend the spring rolls w/ house sauce.
5	What I'm basing my review on: Tom yun kungRed curry "native lao spicy" Good beers at good pricesTom yun kung soup was Delicious. I love spicy food so I had the soup at spicy level 4 (native Laotian) which is the highest level. Had a great punch but didn't overwhelm the taste of the soup. It cleared out my sinuses and got me excited for the main course. The red curry, again spicy level 4, was very very good. A great balance of spiciness and flavor. I'm a fan. With all this spicy food, they also have cold beers at great prices! This place is a must try for spicy food lovers and a fun place to get a casual meal with a friend. 5 stars for overall taste, experience, and price value.
3	It makes me sad to say it, but Lao Laan-Xang is just not what it used to be. The last few times I've been there, my curries have been watery, and there has been too much of the cheaper ingredients (ex. potatoes, bamboo shoots), and not quite enough of the more quality ones (ex. Thai eggplant). Last time I went I ordered cucumber salad, which was just kind of bland, and their vegetarian peanut curry, which was also rather bland, as well as heavy on the tofu and, I repeat, watery. Disappointment. I still really love their cozy atmosphere and friendly service, but the food is now just meh.
5	This place easily makes it on to my top ten restaurants in Madison. Was last there on my birthday and my girlfriend and I waited it out till opening time at five pm. (they actually let us in early and prepared a quick spring roll for us as we waited)We eat vegan and as some vegans know, it can be daunting to order this way because servers, cooks, etc. still confuse vegetarian with vegan. NOT this place. Practically everything on their menu can be prepared this way.The soup for two is so nice when they bring out the big bowl with little heater under it. Tom ka soup was delicious. And we loved that it's hot but never overpoweringly hot.Next up were the entrees. Green curry with vegetables and the garlic ginger with vegetables. Loved them both, and as thought I've tried many things there I came to find out the garlic ginger was new to me. And oh, was it awesome. Nice grilled flavor on everything, such intense taste.Awesome experience again! And total props to the nice lady who chatted with us as we were getting ready to leave.Best place in town!
2	Mediocre food. Very poor service.
2	I am really disappointed because we LOVE this place. We haven't been to eat very often but when I get a craving for spicy, delicious, rich curry this is the place that comes to mind. We seek it out during festivals and outings in the neighborhood. This time, it just wasn't the same. The place was full, and it looked like most of the people sitting already had something to eat in front of them. We were brought half full waters without ice, which struck me as odd because everyone around us had full ice waters, and all the people that sat after us were given full ice water so I don't know what that was about. We ordered quickly. I ordered the Squash Curry and my husband ordered by name the Gang Phet by name. We had ordered these dishes before and we knew what we were expecting, we both ordered medium-hot because on a previous visit we had ordered hot and it was enough to make my eyes water, which I like but wasn't in the mood for. We got our rice. Literally 15 minutes after getting our rice my husband's dish came out, about 7 minutes after than mine came out. My husband opened his pot and poured it out and it didn't look right. It had potatoes and snow peas and a very, very, very light sauce, not the Gang Phet we knew. We let a server know that we thought he received the wrong dish and she insisted that it was correct, but when I got home I looked at the menu and it was not correct, this makes me so disappointed, why lie to your customers? To avoid making them what they actually wanted and ordered? His food wasn't hot by the time we started eating, though it may have been because of the ice cold rice we were eating it with. My squash curry was wonderful, but it did seem more watery, as did his. I guess we need to find another place to enjoy delicious, rich curries from now on.
5	I've been to Laos and this is as good as it gets for Lao food outside of Laos.  Easily Madison's best restaurant.  Not the fanciest (linoleum floors, etc.) just the best food served anywhere in town.  (Yes, that includes L'Etoile, Harvest, or whatever.)
5	What a damn cute place! Apparently we lucked out and it was the Laotian new year (what a coincidence!) and they gave us a free order of spring rolls.Spring rolls-- YUM. They even made the house sause vegetarian for picky 'lil me.Squash Curry-- HOLY SHIT YUM. Get this and eat it. I got a side of steamed veggies in case of the usual "Here's your curry good luck finding the veggies"  but the portions were HUGE and the veggies weren't needed.Spicy Peanut Curry- Boyfriend is a carnivore, but got this with tofu and loved it. Still, the clear winner was the squash curry.Service was wonderful: they were clearly busy, but our server was ON IT. And friendly. She forgot to put in the order for steamed veggies, but brought them out within like, 5 minutes of me asking if they were on their way.Love love love. Next time we come back to Madison, you can bet your busaba we'll be eating our dinners here.
5	Great truly spicy Lao food. As you may or may not know, Laos is culturally very tied to parts of Thailand, but has its own rich heritage, and the food shows both the similarity and the differences. The food here is delcious. Love the sticky rice. Love that the papaya salad comes with fried chicken -- what a great combo!
5	Yyyyyyyyeah this review update has been a long time coming. Here are the 5 reasons I'm bumping these guys up to 5 stars:1. The atmosphere. I absolutely love the quaint converted home feel and don't mind that there are only two tables. Ok. There are more than two. But don't be bummed if they're filled because you've been warned. It's small. But cute. 2. The staff. I have never asked someone for a recommendation and been led astray. I've found some of my favorite dishes (currently the pineapple curry) by chatting up the staff and asking them what they love. 3. Pineapple Curry. (You don't need to know anything more.)4. Carry out is quick! At least the few times I've done it. Other places on Willy seem to take their time (25-45 mins) but my orders at LLX are usually ready in 15. 5. Pineapple Curry. Ok. That was weak. I'll give you another. Basil fried rice. Get it with chicken and tell them 2/3 stars for a touch of heat. Spicy herb, sweet/saltiness from the soy and some protein and veg... fuhget-about-it! There's also a good chance I ordered both the pineapple curry and basil fried rice today and asked for two sets of chopsticks even though I planned to get them home and scarf both. By myself.
5	We were looking for something different when I was in Madison so I said we should check out this place and all said OK. This place is on a trendy street with all kinds of bars and restaurants so parking can be tough. We went on a Saturday at 6:30 and there was a line to get in. The place is small but the tables were turning with the people waiting. It was a nice simple decor and looked clean. It took twenty minutes to get a table. The waitress was great but she had too many non stop tables and I thought we would not see her very much but she came over enough times to take care of us. Every one liked the food and would go back again but I'm only going to talk about my order. We started with pork egg rolls and they are like so different from any thing I have had before. They had a light crispy shell and the filling was a tasty dumpling like filling with a hint of heat  after you swallowed your bite. Not your veg roll with bits of pork. I had the khua pet taley with 2.5 level heat. Over all it was a taste explosion  with a fresh citrus flavor. The plate was more than enough with sea food and veg's in a spicy broth. It comes with all you can eat sticky rice as do most orders. Every one I saw left with food as did we. I don't know when I will get back but I will. They also have daily specials. This is a must try if you can.
4	Some of the best Laotian food I've ever had. Whenever I'm in Madison, I go here! Try the curry dishes! Prices are fair, service is great and the food is simply tasty.
4	This is a good Thai restaurant.It can be very hot if you choose native Lao.
5	The best comfort food in Willy street!!! It's really cosy and popular but you never have to wait too long. I won't recommend coming here with a group bigger than 4 though. Best service from Kai; she is so friendly! Now, about the food!!! Fried egg rolls with pork!!!!!  Crispy thin skin packed with delicious ingredients. Shrimp toast if you're in the mood for more fried stuff. Now entrees. Portions are so huge you can share family style or be ready for leftovers. I love stuffed chicken wings  - the peanut sauce!!!! Take the meat out of the sauce once it's here so we don't worry about soggy skin. The Friday fish fry is awesome too! Fish fry with an Asian twist! Mok gai or Mok pa is really good if you like herby fish or meat. Laab is really good!! Tasty minced meat with sticky rice. And you HAVE to save space for dessert! Best mango sticky rice ever!!! Thirsty? Go for the Thai ice tea :) there's actually tea in there.
4	The squash curry is my favorite. Fresh food, good wait staff, quiet setting. Yum.
5	I love how cozy the interior is. It feels like you've come to visit a friend and they're cooking dinner. :) Oh yeah, and the friend just happens to be an awesome chef. That being said, I don't think this place is great for large groups, but the food arrived in a timely manner despite it being full when I was there, so perhaps takeout is an option for groups? Now, the food. I'm a sucker for crab rangoons (I know, so conventional) and these are absolutely fantastic. I was kind of intimidated by the size of them on the plate (they're kind of large) and they were perfectly crispy and stuffed really full of all those unhealthy things I love. The dish I ordered was the #13 (can't remember the name) and two-star spicy was the perfect amount of heat for it. The noodles were cooked perfectly and the combination of seasoning was wonderful and broccoli and ermagehrd so good. Also there was pork. Mmm pork. I love you, pork.
5	Tremendous dinner early Friday evening - great service, and delicious (and very authentic) Laotian food.  I had  Khao Tod Nam Som (combination of ground pork, eggs, chiles, and fresh grated coconut, served with lettuce leaves and cilantro, for wrapping), and  Moak Pa (steamed catfish mixed with ground pork and chiles, wrapped in banana leaves), served with an incendiary chile condiment and steamed sticky rice.  Both were spiced appropriately as requested, meaning very hot.    The flavors were perfectly balanced in both dishes; the Moak Pa was savory and complex, the Khao Tod Nam Som both hot and cool, crunch and refreshing.   While beer is an appropriate beverage for Laotian food, and they have a very nice selection,  I had a couple of glasses of a Wisconsin wine (!), a Wollersheim fume blanc, a slightly sweet and crisp white that is a perfect foil for the hot and assertive fare.  As always, the service at Lao Laan-Xang was perfect.  The staff is always hugely friendly, and you will never be ignored or talked down to.  I've been coming here for over a decade, and have NEVER had a bad meal.  Heck, I've never even had a mediocre one.  (Also highly recommended: the mango curry with squash and potatoes.  I've stolen the recipe, I confess, and make it at home.)  You should go.  Now!  (but never on Sundays - they are closed, unfortunately.)
3	I was in the area and decided to stop at the Laotian restaurant that had so many yelpers raving. Lunch prices were reasonable. I ordered the ginger garlic stir-fry with chicken - medium hot. A few things: a) the medium hot was pretty mild (thank goodness...I don't know what possessed me to order it medium); b) the ingredients were fresh, but I noticed that some of the vegetables, like the baby corn and mushrooms were from a can; c) the complementary appetizer (salad or eggroll) was a nice touch and added a little more dimension to the meal. The food was average and really nothing that I couldn't easily replicate at home. I wasn't particularly impressed, although the neighboring table left raving about their meal. Maybe I should have ordered something else?The service was thoughtful, albeit slow, which was a disappointment because there were only three other tables occupied at the time. Really, it took an inordinate amount of time for my entree to be served. There are plenty of other South East Asian restaurants in the Madison area to try, so I won't be dying to come back to Lao Laan-Xang anytime soon.
4	Solid curry dishes. My favorite is the mango curry. There are two locations that are equally good. The only difference is that the one on Willy St. is much smaller.
5	I ordered the Mango Curry and when I ate it, I actually died and went to heaven where I promptly ordered it again. Also, the veggie spring rolls taste like the most amazingly beautiful shade of green. Perfect!
3	It was ok.   The squash curry was great- I really did enjoy it.   However, a few of the other dishes weren't nearly as enjoyable, especially in comparison to other versions of the dishes I have had before.    I would eat here again, but it's nothing to rave about.
2	I absolutely love Lao Laan-Xang.... on Atwood.I have not had good experiences with the Willy street location. This one is closer to me so I always try to call them for delivery first. Last time I called, they were 'full' for the evening for delivery. Tonight, I tried calling 6 times over a period of about 30 minutes and did not get an answer. My husband happened to drive by there as I was trying to call and said there were only 2 people in the restaurant. I called the Atwood location and got an answer on my first attempt. This is my favorite place for curry and crab rangoons, but I will always choose the Atwood location.
4	Outstanding Laotian and thai food. Their curries aren't perfect (too thick/heavy for my taste) but their stir fry's are amazing. Hot dishes are served steaming hot and if you ask for "native lao" they truly make the dish extra spicy. Nice, casual environment for lunch or dinner. Good portions. Lots of veggie options (tofu, mock duck, etc.)
3	Outstandingly amazing squash curry. Just really good. Perfect. 5 stars.So why the 3? Well gather round, children.When the food came out we were starving. It didn't look quite like squash curry, but it could have been it, so we each had a bite. We quickly realized that it wasn't, and then waited for the server to come back to ask if we had the right dish. She came back, bringing us the correct dish and apologizing. OK, great. No harm, no foul.Then she proceeded to take the other dish and gave it to another table! We had just eaten out of it! Just beware and make sure you're food comes straight from the kitchen. Who knows how else they operate here if they're willing to do that.Still though, the squash curry was frakkin' delicious.
2	*sigh I have developed a sensitivity to MSG and can no longer eat at Lao Laan-Xang. I really loved it. Boo.-Since posting this I got a "compliment" that they have a sign stating they do not use MSG. Sign or no I get the "fuzzy" feeling I only get from MSG and am sick for days after eating there.
4	I got the mango curry as take-out. The staff was super friendly. The food was very good. I got a spice level of 3 out of 4. It wasn't too spicy, 4 probably would have been pleasant for someone who likes spicy food.Rice came with the curry; didn't even have to ask.
5	Stopped in for dinner with a friend on 11/13/13. This place could quite possibly be the best Asian restaurant in Madison...+ Love the cozy, quaint atmosphere - easy to talk and enjoy your company+ Incredibly friendly servers - attentive, prompt, and helpful+THE PAPAYA SALAD!!! For real - so awesome.+ "Adventurous" level spice is PERFECT - nice consistent heat with just a little lingering burn on the back of your lips. It's excellent. We chose level 3 for the salad & our entrees+ Gang Gallie - OMG. I tried some of my friend's dish and it was unreal. Yellow curry FTW+ Daily specials! I ordered the special, which featured beef, green beans, Thai eggplant, and galangal root... interesting flavor but very tasty- This is very minor: limited bottled beer selection, but who cares?! The food... go for the foodTip: visit on weeknights; weekends are usually packed. We walked right in at 7:00pm.LOVE.THIS.PLACE.period.
4	Presenting a summary of my feelings during my first visit to Lao Laan-Xang:1. "Wow, this waiting area is REALLY tiny...we are literally standing right behind the door."2. "Holy options, Batman, this is awesome."3. "Huh, never tried pork egg rolls in sweet & sour sauce befo--omg, I will never eat a pork egg roll without sweet & sour sauce again."Then I ate my sweet & sour chicken (amazing) and two bowls of white rice. Now I want to go back immediately and try the crab rangoon, pineapple and/or mango curry, and fried rice.In sum: I'm so glad I tried this place. I especially love that you can customize your spiciness, and that the star levels are very accurate. I'm a total wimp about spicy food, and my two-star ("Careful") chicken had a little bit of kick, but was very tolerable. Our server was great too, super friendly and attentive. The food is very high quality, and very authentic. So good.
5	I got the Tom Yun off the other poster...and I coughed. But it was so good! Rich/spicy/aroma filled yet balanced by succulent, sweet shrimp. Fantastic restaurant.
5	Wonderful food! Simple but detailed explanations of food on the menu. Kind staff . The portions are big enough to share and everything is amazing! Highly recommend the kang gai soup
3	The food is overpriced, and of medium quality. Try the larp for something authentic.I won't be coming back with more than 1 friend though since they refused to split a check with multiple credit cards. Very inconvenient.
4	My friend and I wanted to try the Weary Traveler, but decided that we didn't want to wait to be seated, so we headed over to Lao Laan-Xang instead for a quick dinner.I ordered the Khua Mee because I was craving pad thai and figured (based on the ingredients) that it would be the closest I could get to the classic Thai dish. I was right. The Khua Mee really hit the spot and satisfied my craving! The noodles pack a lot of flavor, and there is enough lime juice mixed into the sauce to give it that extra lil somethin' somethin'. One bite and I was sold. It really took all my will-power not to devour the entire plate of noodles (which really is way too much food for one person).On both counts of quantity and quality of food, the Khua Mee really shined! Unfortunately, my friend's basil fried rice was bland and slightly disappointing, but I think my dish more than made up for his.We also ordered the shrimp toast appetizer because we had no idea what it was and wanted to try something new. It reminded me of the fried shrimp balls we used to get during dim sum, but much more oily. I don't know if I would recommend this for the health-concious diner. I'd probably suggest the spring rolls instead!
4	Yum yum if you want a spicy bum! That's right. They make it spicy here and your colon will NOT be thanking you later. But(t) that's a good thing for a Thai/Lao restaurant, right?The tom yum was super delicious, but the mushrooms were undercooked. Quite raw, in fact. The shrimp in the tom yum was super tasty though. I know they have spice levels (timid, careful, adventurous, or native lao), but these seem like they'd be hard to control in a soup. I think we got the bottom of the barrel because even though we ordered our soup "careful," it was spicy as hell. After noting how spicy the soup was, we changed our entree orders from "adventurous" to "careful." The Khua Mee came out good and I love that they put broccoli in it. The beef larb, however, was still really spicy. I wouldn't consider it "carefully" spiced. But the other seasonings in the larb were spot on. Larbalicious.I'd come here again, for sure. I want to try their curries next time because they look awesome. So far, they're the best thai restaurant in Madison that I've tried.
4	Corey D said we were heading to Lao Laan-Xang for lunch. Laotian food, I thought? What is this? Sadly, I don't think I've encountered it before. Sad, because my lunch here was d.e.l.i.c.i.o.u.s. The lunch specials are a great deal, around $8 for more food than I could eat in one sitting (although I came close.) I ordered a spicy and sweet level 3 heat pineapple and pork dish that I loved. It came with one of the best eggrolls I've had.The inside is cozy and quaint and at the tale end of lunch hour it was pretty deserted. I'd definitely be up for heading back to try more of their menu next time I find myself in Madison!
5	We had a wonderful dining experience here. I ordered the Filet special and my husband ordered the pineapple curry with pork. Make sure you order the pineapple curry spicy, it's superb but the filet dish is really something special. Looking forward to coming back here next time I visit Madison.
3	We ordered spicy papaya salad, pork larb and Khan Gai Soup and it was alright.  The soup was probably the best here.
4	Great food.  Very generous portions.  I vow to return often.  We ask for mild and it was perfect.  I might get more adventuresome next time, because I like a little heat.  Not so for my husband.
4	Best curry I've had in Madison. I had the squash curry and about died... YUM! It was just perfect. Their Khua Mee is also really yummy, and the spring rolls are killer. Soooo I guess you could say I'm a fan!
5	Best Thai food I've ever had. Read review it was a good place to eat so decided to check it out. Fresh spring rolls were excellent.  So good had to order more to take home. Service was great. Very friendly and attentive.  You could tell nothing here was out of a can, very fresh.  Just opening when we got there, every table was full by the time we left. Must tell you something about how good they are. Two thumbs up. We will be back.
5	This place is incredible. By far some of the best food I've had in Madison. It's an unassuming little restaurant nested in the beautiful Willy St. Neighborhood, with its "sibling" restaurant on Atwood Ave. nearby. The vegetable egg rolls are simply delicious, served with a sweet and sour sauce. For my entree I ordered pineapple curry with beef. Just for kicks, and because I'm reckless when it comes to food, I chose the "Native Lao" spice level for the curry. Wow, they are not fooling around. Super spicy (I'll probably go with"adventurous" next time), but perfect! Although my mouth was on fire, I couldn't stop eating it. The potatoes perfectly cooked, the beef was flavorful and not fatty in the slightest, and the pineapple chunks went perfectly in the curry. I recommend this place to anyone. The customer service was also outstanding. This place is a must for restaurant stops in Madison. Very impressed!
4	I love their food-- the vegetarian spring rolls and Laotian version of the pad thai are delicious-- but I need to start remembering not to order delivery. The first time I did, I called to check on the order 1.5 hours later and was told that their "driver just disappeared" (?). Our food arrived maybe 30mins later and was delivered by one of their cooks, still in his cook apron. It was really bizarre, but he was apologetic. Well, fool me twice... I decided to get order delivery again, and it took 2 hours (again I called to check on the order about 1.5 hours later) with no apologies at the door whatsoever. The food was like sort of lukewarm but not hot. Still delicious, but for living maybe a 10min drive from the restaurant, the lengthy delivery is sort of inexplicable. So my recommendation is to either eat at the restaurant or order long before you're hungry. Still, I'm really glad this place is in town and the food is great.
1	Drove all the way to this place to discover it is not accessible even though it is marked as an accessible restaurant. Highly disappointed!
5	Try the Moak Gai or Pa* and you will not be disappointed.   The food was great.  I would recommend this rest to anyone.
3	The food was well-made and I do enjoy a great spicy kick, but the curry may have overpowered the dish. I may have to give it another shot but perhaps Laotian food is just not for me.
4	I like it!We stopped in here after reviewing a couple places for a date night on Friday and loved everything we got.First up we tried the Kang Ghai soup. It came on a pretty bowl-plate situation complete with its own burner. The soup tasted amazing and had coconut milk in it. So good!We also ventured to try the Pineapply Curry for our main course. It was also good, but a little spicy, even though we ordered the lowest level available. Call me the crazy white guy, but the Lao spice is just too much for me.In addition to the food, we got some $3.50 local beers, which are prices rarely found that low. It made up for some of the high prices on the food.Overall, it was a great dinner. I can't wait to go back!
4	The Spicy Peanut Curry makes me happy.Curry is a beautiful form of comfort food, but when the curry broth is largely composed of peanut butter you've got a whole new level of comfort food. Rich, warm, and bold in terms of flavor, the Spicy Peanut Curry at Lao Laan-Xang is genius. The reality is that once you've had a dose of fantastic curry, whether it be Japanese curry, Indian curry, or Thai style curry, there is no going back. You're a curry fan for the long haul. That curry has deviously snuck its way into your life and before you know it, you'll be dreaming of the lovely simmering of coconut milk and peanut sauce for days. Lucky for you, the Spicy Peanut Curry at Lao Laan-Xang offers the remedy, so go ahead and feed that crave.
5	Went last month with a friend. The vibe is very cool in a bohemian urban collegiate east village kinda way (for madison). I was pleasantly surprised. Service was good and fast. The food (mango curry, fresh rolls and soup) was soooo good I just wanted to smack my mama. No seriously it was spiced just right and very fresh. They care about the food they serve. Highly recommended. Not a first date kinda place.
5	Willy Street makes me uncomfortable (a little too hip) but I'd be willing to trek out for LLX again. The tom yum kung, a clear soup with shrimp, chili paste, and citrus leaves served for two in a heated, circular bowl, was a fantastic, flavorful broth. I liked how it went cold the longer we waited to eat it. I had no idea what I was doing (first time) so I ordered their closest and safest equivalent to pad thai (believe it was the khua mee noodle dish). I remember less about the noodles, but I was very impressed with the service, which I imagine was used to handling neophytes such as myself, with the presentation, and with the food. Only recommendation would be to do something about the draft during the winter months. Gets pretty cold in there. Need some tom yum kung to warm up.
