4	YAY finally a Vietnamese restaurant in Phoenix that is worth going to.  I went today with a friend for lunch and felt like I was back home in Seattle.  We shared the Vietnamese Egg Rolls for starters and then had the Pho Tai.  The Pho was $7.00 and came in a huge bowl.  The egg rolls were awesome as always.  I had Coconut Juice with pulp to drink and it was great as well.  I highly recommend this place and am happy it's right by my work I will be here at least bi-weekly if not weekly.
3	First off, you have no idea how unbelievably excited I was for this place when I saw the "opening soon" sign from the 101 freeway.  Honestly, my first thought was to drive my truck off the highway and go check it out like NOW.  Second, I live in north Phoenix so I HAVE to drive a good 20 minutes plus to get any decent pho.  My fav place right now is Da Vang because it tastes mind-blowing good, is priced very reasonably, and they serve their food quick.  Third, I can't say I would agree with the other two reviews here.  I'm not trying to be confrontational but I've tried 12 different pho spots in the valley and this one rates a 5-stars with the interior decoration but I gave it a 3 stars due the meager serving, the price, and the soup spoon (more about the soup spoon later).  Since I wouldn't mind eating in a dump as long as the food was good, and with pho restaurants, I hate to say this but it's quite normal for the ambiance and the quality of the food to be inversely proportional.  I gave this place a 3.  Naturally, many will disagree with me but hey, I'd rather drive 20 minutes for better tasting pho.  I'll gladly try this place again to give it another chance but these are my first impressions.When you first walk in, you're greeted by a huge screen that blocks the view of the rest of the restaurant.  ok - kinda cool.  I can dig this feng-shui stuff.  After I used my nimble Chinese-style ninja moves to side step the screen, I was presented by a row of really nice tables and chairs.I grabbed a seat with a buddy of mine and my first impression of the furniture was "whoa, I need to work out more".  These chairs are crazy heavy for a restaurant.  The wooden tables are a nice dark wood that are sturdy enough for an elephant to stand on.  Did you know that elephants are really careful about where they step because of their weight?  Yep, saw that on National Geographic.I ordered a bowl of pho and out it came with these glass soup spoons in nice dishware.  The broth was "ok" but the serving size was a little scant - $7 for a normal sized bowl.  The soup spoon, while nice and pretty, was really shallow and slippery (did I mention it was made of glass) so it was quite difficult to keep the noodles on the spoon.  I have to say "on" the spoon because the spoon was so shallow... if it were the normal plastic spoon that you find at your normal pho place, I'd be able to say "in" the spoon.  You get the picture.The broth wasn't as smooth as what I've tasted elsewhere so maybe they haven't gotten down their broth making process or since the whole place is new, maybe they haven't gotten into their pho groove yet.  I dunno because I don't make pho but I've certainly eaten enough of it to comment.But - try it yourself and post up a review.  Every place deserves at least one chance and this was my impression after my first bowl.  I'll be back again to give it another chance and may change my review later but for now, it's a 3.
4	I went back to Viet Kitchen yesterday to see if I would like it any better and I went armed with my own soup spoon.  Result: Muuuuuuch better dining experience. :)I'm ready to go again.  Who's all up for it?
4	Saw the sign out front for like three months (seemed like it) before they opened and finally tonight we got a chance to try them out.  If you've not had Vietnamese food before, think fresh elements like basil leaves to pinch off the stalk, plump bean sprouts and stuff like that.  neat approach to adding as much, or as little spice and flavor as you want.The decor was OK - imported wood benches, chairs and tables with a glass top easy to wipe down quickly.   The wait staff promptly greeted us and we were shown to table #8.  Our waitress, Jennifer retrieved our drinks, water with a little lime slice in it. The menu was presented and it was an adventure too.  The inside front was in Vietnamese and it was translated in English on the inside back - no big whup, I know, but kinda fun.We had Vietnamese food before, visiting anther restaurant with our friends, one of whom grew up in Cambodia but not being a regular, we were just a bit unsure - not only of what to select, but how to pronounce the dishes we saw in the menu - the waitress, Jennifer, was very patient and coached us through the effort.We ended up with an appetizer and two different entree, knowing that it was way more food than we wanted, but we did want to try new dishes and get a sense of the kitchen.The first dish to arrive was Pho Ga, basically a chicken soup with long noodles.  It's served with fresh bean sprouts, basil, jalapeno slices and a lime wedge.  Once it arrives at your table, you're supposed to add the fresh ingredients and then dive in - the fresh with the broth, chicken and noodles is a great meal.  We added Hoisin Sauce and it added just a touch of sweet.The next dish was Bun Bo Dac Biet, a spicy pork noodle soup.  The noodles are a bit larger and the fresh elements included the basil, bean sprouts and banana flowers, or at least part of a banana flower.  I added a bit more chili paste to really drive up the heat factor, but hey, that's how I roll ya know.The final dish served was our appetizer, Banh Xeo.  This was a referred to as a Vietnamese pancake, but a savory egg pancake with shrimp, bean sprouts and supposed to be ripped apart and served on a lettuce leaf with a sweet & spicy sauce.  The ripping apart was facilitated when they handed us a pair of kitchen shears and we cut the Bahn Xeo into pieces and assembled them on a lettuce leaf and spooned the spicy sauce.  Really yum...The place was not anywhere near full when we arrived, but traffic was steady for takeout and several more people came in for dining.We got to meet Nancy, the other waitress and Jennie, the owner and manager.  jennie was really happy to hear how much we enjoyed our meal.  When we told her I had tweeted it out to 1,700 of my fiends, she encouraged us to let her know in advance and that she had some 'special dishes' she'd like to share with us - we promised to return soon!We ranked it 4 out of 5 stars because a few of the basil leaves we're discolored, but we did not feel like it affected the quality nor the flavors we enjoyed.We're really happy to see Viet Kitchen open in the neighborhood and expect to become regulars.
4	Hallelujah, a Vietnamese restaurant by my side of town.  Da Vang is a little far and Tea Light Cafe didn't do it for me the last time I was there.  With that being said, let's get on with the review!So the interior is very well decorated, and the wait staff and others working were extremely pleasant to speak with.  On a Sunday night they weren't "slammed", but not empty either.  A huge plus is this place is open on Sundays, and even better is they are open at 10:00 AM 7 days a week.  Big ups to being open early, because I consider Pho a brunch meal as much as a lunch/dinner meal.I have to admit my review is extremely biased.  Partially because I ordered take out, and also partially because I am giving them latitude being they are newly opened.Anyways, I ordered the vietnamese egg rolls (Cha Gio) and a bowl of Pho (specifically, the Pho Tai Bo Vien).  Pluses - the broth was mild and not too salty, noodles were cooked well, and the egg rolls didn't taste like they were overrun with fillers.  I'm not good enough to tell whether the Bo Vien (meatballs) were homemade, but they tasted good.    Minuses - The egg rolls were on the pricey side, the nuoc cham (sauce) that also accompanied them was a little understated, and the sliced meat (Tai) that was in the soup was a little meager.  Furthermore, while I appreciate a mild broth from time to time, I also yearn for a robust and full bodied rich broth with the full impact of beefiness and anise character that is typical pho broth.  With respect to the nuoc cham, I really like more fish sauce to make it less of a sweet sauce but more balanced.  So now you are saying: "This doesn't seem like all that biased of a review!"  Well, kind of.  The 4 stars reflects my bias, not the text.  You see, according to the Yelp rating system of 4 stars = "Yay! I'm a fan" means to me exactly that.  I have no doubt these guys will work out the kinks in the recipes.  My first impression was they are feeling out the palates of the local, likely mostly caucasian audience.  I can't exactly fault them for that.  Furthermore, they seem eager to succeed and to please.  My conversation with the woman working behind the "counter" (owner maybe?) was sincere when she told me "I hope you enjoy your food".  Next time I'll go and have something similar and give my feedback in person if I have a similar experience. I also have to give to them the "authenticity" of the menu.  They have everything from the aforementioned Pho to Banh Mi, Bun, and other typical Vietnamese dishes.My update review may be of a similar sentiment, and certainly as time goes on and they refine the menu, pricing, and portions my opinions may change.  But for now, they certainly seem like they are on the right path and all I can wish them is best of luck in their venture.  You have to support local restaurants like this that offer fare different from the ho-hum chain garbage we are bombarded with in this city.With that being said, I'm glad we have a very good Vietnamese restaurant in these parts, and my expectation is it will get better with time.  They have a good location, very nice interior, friendly staff, and what appeared to be a neat and orderly kitchen when I peered in.
3	I can only give this place an OK because that's just what I have had from them so far- food that was ok, not slap your grandma good! The menu is kind of hard to understand but I know that I like chicken pho so I ordered that the first go-round and just wasn't wowed like I wanted to be. The noodles were good but the broth just wasnt to my liking. The second time I had pork noodles (dry) and it was better but still not GOOD. JD had the spicy noodle soup and that was good too, but , again, you guessed it-OK. I haven't given up on it yet because it is so close to my house and the people are so nice and friendly.  Any suggestions on what to order won't be ignored.
4	I'll admit this right off the bat. I'm new to Vietnamese food, my first experience was Pho Avina, which set the bar high. I'm very glad to say that Viet Kitchen has provided me a place in the North Valley for delicious food. First off, the service is decent.  All of the staff is very pleasant, and food delivery is quick. The interior of Viet Kitchen make it seem like a 4 star restaurant, although I think the massive TV on the wall needs to be replaced by a painting.Anyways, the food. It's what you'd expect. Warm, savory broth that you want to drink, fresh ingredients, fresh add-ons like basil and bean sprouts, and the noodles were well prepared a delicious. Add some sriracha and call it a day. I had a Pho that contained slices of beef that cooked throughout the meal, along with meatballs. Now while I couldn't tell if the meatballs were homemade or not, they were still delicious. We also had the eggrolls, which seemed like they were more ruffage than actual meat, but the peanut sauce they came with was heavenly. I could eat anything dipped in that sauce.Good prices helped round out a nice dining experience, and I will be back for sure.  I do wish they'd figure out their menu though, or at least get an editor. On that note, I do wish there were more items, maybe not "Cheesecake Factory" levels of menu items, but at least some more variety, like what Avina provides. But for now, this place is great, and I can't wait to see it grow.
3	Ok, went back a second time and had an almost identical experience.  Food was still very good, but had not changed at all.I've downgraded my rating because after having my soup the second time I still believe the soup broth is understated and really would like them to up their beefiness.  Again, for some the lack of depth may be a refreshing and light meal, but I like my Pho broth bolder.    The food quality is really good and I may update again as I make my way through the menu.  But considering Pho is a reason many people go for Vietnamese, I am desiring more...
3	This place was okay.  I had the pho tai and it came with the usual array of bean sprouts/thai basil/etc.  they have Pepsi products for which I deduct a star...Star two was deducted by just having okay food.  Granted, I just had pho, but that should rope me in like a rodeo calf, guess those spots in Hawaii I visited spoiled me as I've not found anything even close back here at home.
4	We went over for dinner- had the spring rolls, chicken curry, and lemongrass chicken. The spring rolls and lemongrass chicken were about a 3 star, but the chicken curry was really good and made up for the others. We also had the coconut water, which was fresh. Prices were reasonable we paid around $30.
4	So glad this placed opened up near my house!  This was my first visit, the place was fairly busy for a new restaurant.  It's hard to find good Asian food in AZ!  I had the Vietnamese egg rolls & grilled beef with rice noodle dish.  It was really good.  It's a big bowl of noodles with well seasoned beef, an egg roll cut in thirds, and a side of yummy fish sauce to pour over and stir up.  It's not soup, so if you try it don't expect a lot of broth.  I am going to try to Pho Tai next time!
4	Visited today for lunch - I like vietnamese food but it is hard to find on this side of town.  I had the standard vermicelli bowl with beef/pork.  I found it tasty and agree their spicing is a bit under stated.  Nice array of condiments provided so one can dial in the exact taste they desire.  Service was prompt and courteous - an overall postivie experience.  One plus - they know how to make tea!  served loose in the pot, a nice house blend with some aromatics.The menu is a bit impenetrable and the pictures somewhat random - some better descriptors would be good
2	:( I miss Avina, I make better Pho than this and I am a black girl. Pho broth has little beef flavor, which I don't understand because that broth can be made with a flavor cube. I am reaching out are there any other places to get Pho in North west valley?
3	Overall, it's a good place to grab a healthy vietnamese bite.  The location is great since there is very little on this side of town in the way of vietnamese cuisine.  Although the portion sizes are generous and the value good, the menu selection was very limited.  The vietnamese spring rolls, Goi Cuon, are shrimp (wish they had BBQ pork) but tasty.  The rice vermicelli with beef, Bun Thit Nuong, was just OK.  I couldn't tell what spice was being used but there was a very different flavor to this dish (just OK).  The beef salad, #2E Goi Thit Bo, was quite tasty and I would recommend this dish.  Overall, if you're looking for a Vietnamese restaurant in North Phoenix, this place is worth going to.
4	Met a friend for lunch and MAN OH MAN I missed this place.  We started with the Vietnamese Egg Rolls which are very very good.  Then we each got Pho.  I got the Pho Tai which I always get the rare beef adds a perfect amount of extra flavor to the broth.  I really like the food here and will be back again very soon.
2	Stopped in by myself for lunch. The place is nice inside, but the back door was open and the whole restaurant smelled from the employees smoking by the back door. Service was adequate.I had the chicken noodle Pho, which was serviceable. It came with a plate of the typical garnish, and there was the usual Siracha, fish sauce, and such on the table already.I will give them another try, but with some friends.
2	I think if I ever went back here I would get a noodle soup without any meat. I had to pretend that the "tenderloin" was not actually in the bowl. It was kind of like they put some unsalted jerky in the broth... Soup great; meat prepared poorly. Don't get me wrong - not bad meat, just badly prepared meat. Spring rolls were average. Prices and value pretty good. Packed at lunch and would have liked a little cooler temperature inside.
4	I have only gotten take out, this place is one of the few places to eat near my office. I ordered the house fried rice both times. It is top notch! Not really the kind of place that I would go for a sit down, but the people are nice and the fried rice is great!
3	The pho here is decent, but a little less tasty than others I've had. The vietnamese coffee is nice and strong with a lot of UMMPPHHH! So much UMMPPHH in fact that I had to request extra condensed milk to weaken the UMMPPH.But the service here was pretty frickin' good. Maybe it's because the owner recognizes The Boyfriend as a semi regular, but when we came here, not only were we seated and orders taken right away, but the server (owner?) checked on us more than once and seemed genuinely friendly. She offered to add tofu to my dish and also offered the extra condensed milk. She had no qualms with giving us a to go cup for the rest of our vietnamese coffee either. If I could, I'd give an extra half star for great service!
4	I went back today with an old friend and had a great lunch.  She had the chicken pho and I had the rare beef.  We also shared the vietnamese egg rolls which are excellent.  As always the service was great and the food was the best I've had in Phoenix for Pho.  If you like Pho it's my favorite in the valley so check it out.
5	This was my first time eating Vietnamese food. The food was amazing and the restaurant was very clean. The service was awesome! I would definitely recommend this place.
4	I used to live on 7th St. and Greenway and was searching for someplace nearby to eat some Pho.  One day I was driving and happened to notice this place, so I decided to stop on it and try it out.  I always order my usual, Pho Tai, Iced Condensed Coffee, and Spring Rolls.Immediately upon walking in I was surprised by the decor.  It seemed very clean and updated compared to some of the other places I have eaten Vietnamese food from.  The wait staff was extremely friendly and catered to my every need.  The food came quickly and was hot and fresh.  I was slightly disappointed in the broth of the soup, I guess I was expecting a little more flavor, and the overall size of the bowl in comparison to other joints.  In either case, it was still delicious.  They even offered me more broth when I sucked all mine up!I continued to go back to this location because the wait staff was amazing.  After the second time I came in, they always knew my order and didn't even bother to ask me what I wanted.  They even remembered small details like the fact that I love mint in my water.The only reason I have chosen not to give this place 5 stars is because I feel that for the price of the soup you should get a larger bowl.  I have paid much less for much more substance, equal in taste and quality.  In either case, good place on the north side to try out!
4	This place rocks! Viet Kitchen boasts some of the tastiest Vietnamese Fare I have had. Coupled with warm, friendly and efficient service, the dining experience pleased my taste buds from the spring rolls, curry chicken and fried rice. It was as yummy as can be, and hard to believe the tab was only $ 25 considering the amount of food that was served.It's unfortunate that they were out of their coffee, as I love the Vietnamese coffee with condensed milk and ice. But hey, I did not have to have it!
4	Great spot, totally met my expectations.Clean and nice, with a very friendly staff.Food and drinks came out VERY promptly.I had a half-order of Vietnamese Spring rolls.  They were very good.Also had a rice dish with charbroiled steak.Healthy and tasty.Everyone else was having Pho and I should have tried that.I will absolutely be back.Thats a tough business and they are doing a great job.
5	We knew that Viet Kitchen was good even before we ate the food; the aromas are wonderful! Once we had the food, it only confirmed what we suspected . . . .this place is terrific. It is now one of our favor ties in Phoenix. Hong is very nice, she is helpful in choosing a dish, she explains what the dish is, and the fresh ingredients that go into making it, etc. If you are lucky enough to have leftovers when done (the food is so good it is difficult to stop eating it), it makes a great meal the next day! The soups are Spring Rolls are sooooooo good! The food is better than any of this variety that I have had growing up in Chicago. This place is A+++Rick & Donna, Phoenix AZ
5	Facking best bahn mi ever...
5	My house was soooo cold so I decided to go here after my first class because I was so hungry, I needed some noodle soup in my system to warm me up. Yeah, I know I live in Arizona. SO?I guess I went in when it was slow because I was seated as soon as I walked in, the girl waiting on me was ultra work efficient, took my order, got me my drink and before I knew it BAM. Hot steaming bowl of Pho Dac Biet in front of me. I dug right in an decimated that pho bowl.It was good, and hit the spot. I just wish there was more tendon in the pho, but I'll have to ask if they can just make me a Pho Tai Gan. Coz that's my favorite! And then I'll give them their 5th star. :)I didn't have too many complaints because I just wanted to be fed and left alone and give me my check when I'm done eating. And they did a good job on their part! I'll be here more often and bringing my family here too. I'm glad there's a vietnamese restaurant closer to my house! Now I won't have to drive 30-45 minutes to other restaurants to get some yummy vietnamese food. Yaaay! Can't wait for round 2~EDIT: They do make Pho Tai Gan! You just have to ask for it! :)
5	Great place.My girl friend and I were driving to pho aviana on the other side of town before we found this place. The Pho is great but our favorite is the charbroiled beef. well seasoned beef with vegetables and rice with fish sauce to dip the beef in, just amazing. Today I tried the BBQ beef sandwich with one of my coworkers, best sandwich i have ever had. I paid four dollars for a wonderful beef sandwich loaded with fresh produce (cilantro, carrots and onions) and a great sauce all in a loaf of french bread. I think I convinced my coworker that viet kitchen is the best Vietnamese food in the north valley.  As far as service, they are wonderful. Dinning in is almost like sitting at your parents house. The main hostess ( i dont know her name) make you feel right at home. She knows exactly what we like and comments on how happy she is to see me and my girlfriend try new things. Every waitress is quick to fill your glass and you always get a thank you for coming in and have a nice night when you leave.over all a wonderful dinning experience and its some where that I will never stop going to.
5	I really do like this place.  Its by my school and I will visit the place often enough that they know me when I come in.I am into the rare steak pho but also enjoy their hot pot if you are ever in the mood to do the wrapping yourself :)Prompt service, the drinks are quick and topped off.  The place is clean and acoustically not too loud so that talking isn't a problem.The food is fantastic and you always get a beautiful display of the food as well.  Not ones to just throw things on a place its arranged and coming out as a temptation for your eyes as well as for the palate.  My wife actually enjoys the chicken here when she was asking about Non-spicy food.  No problem at all and it was a wonderful dish.I highly recommend this place and for 7(+tax and tip so tip well) bucks a bowl thats a meal is great value.
4	Viet Kitchen opened a second location at 114 W. Adams St. in Downtown Phoenix (tucked between Downtown dining stallwarts The Hero Factory and Z Pizza) today and it was packed! While I kept it light with the spring rolls--extremely fresh and they use the clear white paper I like so much--folks sitting around me were enjoying the tofu with vegetables, vermicelli, and classic beef pho bowl. Despite being overwhelmed by first-day traffic, the servers and kitchen did a great job getting the food out hot and fast. Great job!Owners Jenny and Tom Nguyen are the nicest people you'll ever meet so I do urge you to give them a try. You won't regret it.I'm excited for the Downtown location to be unlocked so I can start checking in once or twice a week.
5	I've eaten here about 8 times and always been very happy.   It's a nice room, the service is always good and the food is definitely a notch above most Vietnamese places.  In addition to the usual Pho flavors, they have some more interesting soups that make this place worth a trip.  I have started to venture out more on the menu and have never really been disappointed.I hesitate to give a place 5 stars without trying a wide variety of stuff, but I feel comfortable doing so particularly because of a recent episode..  I came in right after the listed 9pm closing time.  I was feeling a rough cold coming on, I was starving, I had a 35-minute drive ahead of me and I was worried that they would turn me away.  While her family was eating, he little boy was doing homework, the woman who I assume was the owner served me and kept telling me to relax and take my time.  I felt so much better after that soup, physcially and emotionally..I wish I could tell you the name of the soup that I often get, but I can't.  It is a more spicy broth than basic Pho and it has cabbage and pork I believe.
2	I read about Vietnam Kitchen in the Phoenix Magazine.  The service was some of the worst I have ever experienced.  Perhaps they were understaffed, but they were not pleasant.  We waited for almost 15 minutes to have our order taken.  Then, we waited 30 minutes for our food. They never offered to refill our drinks.  We had Pho which was delicious, however, they never gave us the garnishes.  The cabbage chicken salad was absolutely delicious as was the Curry Chicken.  When we finished, we waited for five minutes.  They never brought the bill.  I went to the counter to ask for the bill.  They handed it to me with not any comment at all.  No thank you, etc.  I noticed that all patrons had to go up to the counter for the bill.  I would give the food a 5 star rating and the service no stars.
4	Great place for PHO (fah), I had the beef meatball and as an appetizer this rice pancake and Vietnamese spring roll.  Quite nice, comfortable atmosphere, and clean.  Even though its at cave Creek and the 101 (Beardsley) we will be back.
4	I haven't been here in awhile but I went to the Costco in the complex and it reminded me of how great this place is.The food is great, first of all.  I've had a few different dishes here and I always go back to the pho.  The initial indicator of pho quality, to me, is the soup's temperature.  I hate, hate, hate when I get a bowl of warmish soup.  I want it hot.  When it shows up only a little warm or tepid, it means a) the soup wasn't hot enough when you placed in the meat or b) frozen meat was dropped in my hot soup.  Boo.  I know that restaurants use frozen meat but I don't want it to be apparent, either.The pho here has been hot and delicious, whenever I've ordered it.  The little Vietnamese sandwiches are pretty good too.  My Dad and I usually split a sandwich and each order a bowl of pho.Speaking of my Dad, my second point: My Father and I replaced the floor of my entire condo with laminate flooring.  If you've done it (correctly) you know it's messy.  My Dad doesn't do fast food so for helping me out, I would get us Viet Kitchen.  I worried that the staff would give us weird looks or somehow treat us differently for showing up sweaty and covered in dust.  They didn't.  They were extremely friendly; inviting us to the bar to sit, chatting with us and pouring us glasses of water while we waited for our takeout.I felt special.I will ALWAYS remember that. People who recognize and welcome people who work hard are likely people who work hard, themselves.
4	They're across the street from where I live so it gets me my Vietnamese fix when I need it, usually after a good workout. I've tried many of their dishes now. Not the biggest fan of any of their rolls (crispy or fresh) but they are decent. Sandwiches are yummy when you get fresh bread. A couple times it was stale and chewy to the point I couldn't even eat the ends. The pho is pretty good. Not too oily. Decent flavor. Sometimes too much noodles but you know sometimes people like a lot of them. Bun is good but can be light on meat at times. Coconut juice is good. Coffee is not as strong as other places. Overall I enjoy the experience because the staff is friendly and accommodating (not that I require much). They have a happy hour thing from 2-5 on weekdays but I don't quite understand it and haven't been able to try it yet.Basically if your in the area I definitely recommend coming in. If your far and just like checking out the valley's selection of Asian cuisine it might not be worth your time, but I'd still recommend if you happen to be headed this way.
3	good...but not Great!
4	A nice, clean and quiet environment.  The only complaint about the surroundings being some strong incense near the counter, so we moved to the other side of the restaurant and it was fine.Was excited to see coconut juice on the menu, so we ordered two.  We were surprised when the waitress came out of the kitchen with a couple of coconuts freshly chopped of their skin to an attractive shape.  They were fresh young coconuts without much meat, so they were loaded with awesome refreshing juice.  Fantastic, I'd go back for the coconuts alone!Had the Chicken Pho which was the best I've had in Phoenix.  Very tasty, and the quality of the chicken was a step up from some of the other Vietnamese places I have been.  Good compliment of mix-ins and perfect portion size.  Very satisfying.
4	Shrimp and veggie dish delicious.  Rare beef pho very good.  Chicken pho good but broth a little too pungent for my taste.
4	First thing I noticed when we walked in is that the restaurant is very clean, which is always a relief when walking into a more hole in the wall establishment. My boyfriend and I both got the pho tai which was great!  It was hot, the ingredients were fresh, and I always love the presentation of pho.  He lives down the street and there aren't too many places to eat in the area so it's nice to find a go to restaurant close by.  Overall: Clean, fresh food, good service.
5	Enjoyed the egg rolls.  So glad that they were made out of fried rice paper because I have food allergies.  The entree of BBQ beef with rice noodles was also very good.  I will be going back this weekend with the hubby for sure.  Very clean and nicely decorated restaurant.  Very nice waitress. The restaurant smelled really good too: spices maybe?  A bit warmer than I would like inside.  Maybe they need to turn up the A/C.
5	My favorite restaurant for Vietnamese cuisine. The quang nam noodle soup is amazing! The staff is very friendly and will explain the dishes to any novices (like me).  Prompt service during lunch hours and the restaurant is very clean.  I always stop by when I'm on that side of town.
4	Yelp scored again. Thanks to everyone and their reviews. I was hungry, but for something light. I decided on Pho.Searched for Pho in my zip code and this was the first place that came up.Read the reviews and decided to go.Inside it was clean and inviting.The staff was very friendly.I ordered to-go.Pho Nam, Spring Rolls and Summer Rolls...not to adventurous.My order was quickly prepared and off I went.Everything was very good. The broth had actual flavor, not just a clear broth.Ample additions such as the bean sprouts, Thai basil, jalapenos, cilantro, a wedge of lime, peanut sauce, garlic chili sauce, hoisin, sirachi and a vinegar/fish sauce (?) all came with it.I will be back.
4	This is not THE best place for Pho, but it works because it's close to us.  We've been here enough times that the owner and server recognize us and remember our sons name. The hubs always orders the pho dac biet with no meatballs.  The little man orders a kids pho (not on the menu, but if you ask, they'll do it for you), and I switch between the pho and the bun cha gio thit nuong.  Their spring rolls are not very good here, but their fried egg rolls are pretty tasty - and are super hot (not spicy hot, but just out of the fryer hot) so be careful when taking your first bite.  We definitely would come here again (and we do!).
4	Considering how close this place is to my apartment...I'm happy.Happy Pho Time means: 1. Cures my hangover2. Piping Hot when it gets to the table3.A fresh, flavorful taste with lots of garnishes4. Good Service= Happy Meand their Thai Tea was REALLY good.
4	Yummy, fresh, good prices, friendly service. And it's close to home -
4	The sandwich was a bit thin but still good. My steak and meatball pho was good but a bit fragrant. Like it had to much star anise. Over all the food was good and so was our experience there.
1	not a fan of this place, espoecially when from where I was sitting I had to obseve them scrubbing the kitchen floor (at 5PM) and then get up and make food while walking on the soapy floor...not sure if they washed their hands...kinda grossed me out.  Food was overpriced and not that good.
5	Among my favorite pho restaurants in the valley. Very clean with nice modern finishes. Owners and staff are very friendly. Love the rare beef pho. Ask for beef on the side and douse it with lime, pepper, and salt (to your liking) - let that sit a few minutes and then add it to your soup. Killer. :-)
3	Viet Kitchen Vegetarian?I happen to be on this fast which I'm supposed to be eating only vegetarian food.  My wife has a craving for VN food, so this was on the way and we stopped by.  As I look over the menu, every dish on the menu has chicken, beef, or pork.  Wow!  However after asking our waitress, she told me that there was a Vegetarian Pho (with tofu) and a tofu vegetable stir fry with rice.  I opted for the later since I think Vegetarian Pho is gross (I mean I prefer the one with beef).  The stir fry with broccoli, bell peppers, tofu, carrots, cabbage, and onions in a savory black sauce was okay.  Although this was more of a Chinese dish, I was glad they were able to accommodate.  The decor of this Restaurant is nice and clean with a little more character then those dives in central Phoenix.  Chairs are strangely very heavy and not very comfortable for dinning, but definitely Asian.  Service was friendly and timely.  The menu does have other Vietnamese dishes that you wouldn't find in other VN restaurants in town.  Overall pretty good, but after my fast, I'll have to come again and try the other more traditional meals.  ROA (Ratio of Authenticity) = #Ethnic patrons/ #Total patrons = 0.5.
4	I have only eat the Pho so my review is biased but the Pho is dang good. Best I have had in Phoenix at a restaurant. So far only my bro's wife makes better Pho!
4	- We were there for St. Patty's Day, March 17th     I was introduced to this nicely hidden spot by my best amiga Ly, she suggested their food for our St. Patty's celebration. We had for starters the rolls with the Romaine lettuce and they were pretty tasty after we added some of their hot sauce, and ultra hot as in temperature, both myself and Chris burnt ourselves, but that was our own fault, yes it was funny :) .     The Chicken Pho (Fauh) was great, hot, minty rich flavor and the noodles were well cooked too!!! Such BIG portions though, neither Ly nor myself finished our bowls. But they were OH SOO Delicious.      Thanks for the amazing meal and great time!!
3	Could be because I've never met a bowl of pho I didn't like, but I could slurp this stuff up all day.  Viet Kitchen does a decent job with their pho; the broth is so delicious and soothing. I have only ever gotten pho at all the Vietnamese restaurants I've been to, and here's what I didn't like about Viet Kitchen's: the chicken is somewhat dry and tasteless.  The broth has a ton of flavor, so when you eat a piece of chicken with the broth it is fine. But to eat it alone, is way too plain. All they need to do is season it up a bit before cooking it. Also, the spring rolls were very fresh and great dipped in the sauce. Without the sauce, they would have been a bit dry, too. Overall, this is my go-to place for pho since it is so close to my house.
1	Wow. After seeing all the great reviews on Yelp we decided to try out Viet Kitchen, since it's right next to the Costco we go to all the time. We've had our share of Vietnamese food, so there were high hopes going in. Obviously, it didn't turn out so great. It all started when the lady took two separate parties' orders first even though they came after us...We ordered fresh spring rolls, which usually comes with an awesome peanut sauce to dip in. However, when the rolls came, the wrapper was so thin it ripped, it was mostly lettuce and hardly any pork/shrimp inside, and the worst part was the peanut sauce tasted like nothing. Not a hint of peanut. Had to add some hoisin sauce to give it taste. I ordered the spicy beef noodle soup (similar to bun bo hue), and the lady asked to make sure I wanted it hot and spicy. I answered with an enthusiastic yes, and the g/f ordered the pork combo sandwich. The food took a while, and the sandwich actually came much after the noodle soup. How long does it take to make a sandwich? What's even worse, there was hardly anything stuffed between each bun (see picture posted). I wish I took a picture of my "spicy" soup...normally with a spicy soup the soup is red, but mine was clear with a dab of redness here and there. I had to supplement it with a LOT of sriracha sauce...definitely not impressed. On top of it all, the servers (different from the one that took the order) who brought the food were not friendly at all. They didn't say a word when putting our food on the table, and when we thanked them they didn't reply. This is definitely not a place we will be going back to; if there's ever a pho or noodle soup craving I'd rather drive down to Central Phoenix to Maxim Restaurant.
4	I've been coming to Viet Kitchen as long as it first opened. I don't like to write novels, so here's the gist of it.Their egg rolls are pretty darn good.  Fried and crisp to perfection. Their bun cha gio thit nuong is also really good and very refreshing for a hot day. Their pho tai gan sach is good, also. Not really a dish on the menu, but definitely not something hard for them to put together. Their service is pretty awesome.  Considering most Asian restaurants have rude staff that don't speak English very well, this establishment has very friendly people working here.  They'll answer any questions you have and actually come back to check on you and refill your drinks without you having to ask.
2	"Buyer beware"  They have to update their menu.  There are several items on menu they no longer serve and menus on items that are not even close to the picture.  When asked about why items are not given, waitress states that there customers are non-ethnic therefore food quality and taste is catered to that customer base.  (This translates to a less authentic menu and dining experience).  Experience becomes frustrating and waitress response was very defensive which made for awkward moment.  There's potential, but there are also better Vietnamese restaurants.  Doesn't any one feel that they have the most uncomfortable chairs?  I agree with Jeff Y, but I'd rather go to Da Vang instead.  (Like this review if you agree)
5	I don't know about all those other negative reviews but I seriously crave this place Pho! The service is friendly, the place is CLEAN, which is a BIG PLUS, and most of all the food is great.
4	Fast Service! Which is especially appreciated when I'm on my lunch hour.  I always order the PHO and it's pretty good here..portions are a little smaller then what I'm used to but it does the job so we will keep it on the rotation.
4	I got the beef pho to go and I was very impressed! Speedy service. Very good will return.
1	We decided to try this place instead of Tea Lite Cafe because Tea Lite has a rude man there always accusing me of taking soda from machine for free.  First time, the vermicelli pork was good.  The second time the pho tasted like canned broth with too much anise.  My child said it was the worse he has ever eaten.  Don't go there for pho.  The atmosphere is good but the food is just too terrible.
5	Good food, low prices, fast service.  Nuff said.
1	Bait and switch. The menu that is online is not the same menu that is in the restaurant. The online menu lists several vegetarian dishes, the restaurant menu does not. When my sister and I arrived we each knew what we were going to order, but did not see those dishes on the menu. Plan B: she went with a lemon grass beef dish with rice. I reluctantly ordered the chicken noodle soup. I had them swap out the chicken and replace it shrimp. I should have known better, but I was hungry and not think clearly.Later that afternoon I became queasy and threw up. I do not believe I became sick because the food was bad, I think it was because of the chicken broth. It's been a while since I've eaten meat and the chicken broth did not agree with me.Now to be nit picky, the chairs are hard and uncomfortable. The waitress was a bit odd, she kept steering diners away from a particular table saying it was because she just lit some incense. My sister and I watched her tell 4 diners they could not sit there then a lone man comes in and sits there. Favoritism at the Viet Kitchen??Do not go here if you are vegetarian, vegan, prefer a table up front or dislike hard chairs.
4	Cons: 1. The chairs are hard and they will mess up the back of your heels if you're wearing sandals.2. The online menu is way more extensive than the actual menu, it felt a bit misleadingPros: 1. The food is delicious! The lemongrass with beef is absolutely delectable with just the right amount the heat and the shrimp spring rolls were incredibly fresh. 2. The service is quick.I will go back just as soon as I can.
5	I walked in and was immediately greeted by the waitress and was seated in a booth. Chairs are all wood and a bit stiff, but not that bad. I ordered the bun bo dac biet and a Pepsi. The waitress was kind enough to answer all of my questions as well as help me pronounce the name of the dish.  Food came out quickly enough, and.... OH. MY. GOODNESS.  The food was amazing.  I had never had Vietnamese food before, and I will FOR SURE be returning to try more things on the menu.  I was hoping that the price would be a bit lower, but it definitely is good for the food that you get.
4	environment is elegant and quiet. spring rolls are delicious. Not a big fan of their pho broth though.
4	Good food and good experience!
2	Things must have gone down the drain since my last visit as my last experience in terms of food quality was horrible.Other than the smiling waitress, the sprng rolls tasted right out of the freezer and my chicken curry was everything left to be desired. the chicken did not taste fresh and the dish was unappetizing.
5	This review is long long overdue.  It's possible that I am a little partial since the Viet Kitchen was my first experience with Vietnamese food and Pho.  A friend took me to the Viet Kitchen almost 3 years ago and I have been in love with this place ever since.If they were close I would literally eat Pho there every other day.  Since then I've tried Pho in other places but keep going back to the Viet Kitchen.  They have the absolute best broth I've had anywhere to date.  The service is excellent.  After only about my 3rd time there the server not only recognized me but knew that I prefer the Pho Tai.  I couldn't remember which I got but she knew and made sure it was just as I like it.  What's most impressive (as if that's not impressive enough) I have been in with new people, have gone for many months without a visit and she still recognizes me and knows what I want, even how both my daughter and I like our water.Yes, the chairs are a bit uncomfortable, but I would sit on a nail bed for their Pho!!  Amazing place, amazing food, amazing service.  Can't get enough.
5	Loved it!
3	Waitresses were nice and had smiles at first. The cook brought out our soups and forced them on the table in front of us even though we were still eating our spring rolls. When she reached across to put down my girlfriends soup, her arm rubbed on my spring roll! The manager/owner refused to give me a discount. She said she could give us another spring roll and I agreed. When she went into the kitchen she told the employees what i said and all the staff looked out of the kitchen at us. That was very rude. They were not as friendly after that. The soup was good and the egg rolls were fair. Looking for another Vietnamese restaurant.
4	The food here is comparable to, or slightly better than, that found in most Vietnamese restaurants in the city. Most of the Vietnamese restaurants I've tried serve really tasty fare and this is no exception. But while most Vietnamese restaurants in the area are found in nondescript or decrepit strip malls, this one is found in a very well maintained, newer commercial area that is easily accessible, as this is near Loop 101 near the ramps to and from Cave Creek Rd. The restaurant itself has a fancier atmosphere than most Vietnamese dining establishments, with ornate wooden chairs and contemporary Asian decor - so much so that when you see the restaurant interior for the first time, you'd expect the food to be pricey. A glance at the menu, though, reveals a delightful surprise - the items as just as inexpensive as those in the much less fancily-appointed Vietnamese eateries in the not-so-pleasant locations.
4	We pass this place all the time and wanted to try them since they do OK on the Maricopa Restaurant Inspections.This place was very noisy with lots of foreign loud chatter.The chairs are very uncomfortable but the food we had was good and did differ from the other Vietnamese we tried.The chicken cabbage salad was extremely delicate and seemed to fresh thinly sliced to order. The chicken was moist white meat chicken that seemed like it was poached with lemongrass. Fresh mint and cilantro laced the salad and the dressing tasted refreshing with a citrus taste. The crushed peanuts really balanced the salad out. This was a very nice very light very fresh delicate salad.My husband went with one of the Pho's. It was suppose to be one of the three meat pho's but it was missing the sausage and nobody informed us that it would be missing sausage. Anyway the only reason I can still give four stars is because my salad was very good and my husband said this pho here  even with it missing the sausage was much better than the other places we had pho at. He thought this place did put less meat in their pho than some other places but the taste of the broth was far more flavorful, layered and spicy. He really liked it. Viet Kitchen is located in a shopping center with a Costco.
3	Chicken soup is delicious plastic chairs uncomfortable kinda noisy
3	I have never had Pho and decided today was the day to give it a try. Viet Kitchen is nearby and had received a lot of positive reviews on Yelp. I decided on the House Pho which consisted of thinly sliced rare beef, broth, noodles and your typical pho garnishing. I enjoyed the taste of the pho but thought the beef was a little tough. I also decided on the takeout option, I wonder if it would've been better if I dined in.I will go to Viet Kitchen again but try something different and use the dine-in option.
4	For the Pho-friendly, new-to-Pho, and old-Pho folks, this Cen-Pho girl is all about Viet Kitchen's Oh So Fabulous Pho!!    Ok, enough Pho-isms...  :-) on to the review: A friend pointed this place out en route to a hockey game one time, so we decided to check it out a few weeks later.   Of course, I looked up the Yelp reviews before going and honestly, was pretty leary- for a totally ridiculous reason that so many reviews said the chairs are really uncomfortable.  What?!?!   My partner convinced me that was not reason enough to forego checking this place out, so reluctantly I went...  Happily, the chairs are FINE, people!   I don't know what all the fuss is about.  I surely preferred their nice, beautifully lacquered low armless chairs to crappy uncomfortable white plastic armchair patio furniture that is found at a lot of restaurants.  Bizarre that so many have commented  (and yes, I realize I'm also commenting on the chairs rather than the food, but I want people to know the chairs are just fine!!)    My only thought is that they have updated the chairs since those reviews, but based on the review dates it seems not?  Clearly a difference in opinion here, but the chairs are seriously FINE! Now that nonsense is out of the way, let's talk food.   Pho, to be exact.  Yum, yum, yummy!!   That Pho is pho' real, pho' sho'!   :-)    I tried the chicken pho and my partner had the house and we both were happy campers.   My family has Pho for Christmas every year, and restaurant pho usually doesn't compare to the homemade stuff in my book.   But...I'd say Viet Kitchen does a great job!   The flavors are complex and savory, the meat was tender, and the smells intoxicating.    So, in summary... chairs are fine, pho is fab and I'm not phoking around!!  hehe      Can't wait to return!
2	I LOVE PHO! I've been to nearly all the pho joints in the valley.  Some were good and some poor.  I would have to put Viet Kitchen on the bottom of the list and here's why. I've been here twice and concluded both times that they over season there broth with star anise.  The kitchen is fuming with this spice like potpourri.  Not sure if this is intentional or if they leave there broth on the stove too long; yielding in concentrated flavors... quite a disappointment.Aside from the food, the decor was nice BUT the tables were built for little people.  Fitting 4 people at such a small table was uncomfortable.  We kept kicking each other and bumping elbows.  At one point I wanted to elbow my friend in the face.  The back side of the chairs were creaky and the whole experience was just bad.
4	This was our first visit to the Kitchen.  Compared to the other Vietnamese places in Phoenix, we thought this was more upscale.  I had 4A Da Nang fish paste noodle soup.  The broth was hearty, noodles al dente and pieces of fish were spicy and good.  The fresh pieces of floating pineapple were an added bonus.  My hubby had the 3B Rare steak noodle soup.  While he doesn't care for soup, he thought their broth was rich and tasty.  He probably left the rare beef sit in the hot soup too long yet still enjoyed it.  The additional of the typical bean sprouts, mint and basil made the soup all the better.  The place is spotless and service was quick.  We'll definitely be back.
1	Food quality has gone way down!!!I used to come here frequently and really liked the Pho.  Unfortunately, the last two times I went the food was awful!  The meat quality was really poor.  The taste was not the same.  There was a lot of fat.  One time the meat looked weird, maybe overcooked, and I felt ill after eating.  I gave the place one more shot and it was still bad.  I won't be back until I know the quality is back to what it used to be.  :(
4	Went here for lunch by recommendation of a friend at the office.The best part is going with someone that knows the menu as I am not familiar with Vietnamese cuisine. He ordered for both of us and I was not disappointed. Some bowl with rice noodles, vegetables and pork.He also recommended for me to try Vietnamese coffee (it is iced coffee) and it was very good. Kind of strong and very sweet.The place was very busy for lunch.Note to self: I need to contact him and ask him what he ordered : )
5	Best Vietnamese food in the valley. I have been to a few and by far this is the best. The service is great. all the staff is friendly, nice, quiet atmosphere, very clean. The spring rolls are always fresh and tasty. I moved but still makes the 15 trip just to eat there.
1	We had to try this place out because one of our favorite Vietnamese restaurant closed early on Sunday so we had to try this place.  We ordered the Pho soups, and we were hoping it would be the same as we were used to; boy oh boy we were wrong. Their Pho soup is not good at all. I had the Chicken Pho soup and it was terrible. My wife ordered the Veggie and Tofu Pho soup and she didn't like it either.  We also ordered the veggie spring rolls. Both were "broken" when got home; they weren't tightly wrapped. We didn't finish our soup nor the rolls, and we can say it was a waste of $20. Definitely NOT coming back to Viet Kitchen.
2	Good soup and spring rolls..
4	Got the Grilled Chicken vermicelli (bun).  Pretty good.  Lots of chicken with good flavor.  I liked that you can choose dark or white meat since I like dark and so many places are now just defaulting to white meat. For those who like white meat. You do have to pay $1 more though. Friend got the #1 Beef pho. Said there wasn't as much meat as the place he normally goes to.
4	With the weather being so hot we wanted to have a lighter meal and Viet Kitchen didn't disappoint. I noticed the menu looked different since the last time I was here but I think they offer most of the same things they offered before. They didn't have much of a description on the menu for chicken and greens but I thought whatever it is sounded like something I'd want to try so I did. It wasn't listed under the salads but it turned out to be a cold salad served with a delicious mound of seasoned sticky rice. The salad was very refreshing and just right for a hot day. It was made with flavorful infused poached white meat chicken that was ultra moist and very fresh tasting.  Instead of salad greens the greens of this salad seemed to be shaved cucumber and fresh cilantro, it was light refreshing and tasty. My husband tried the one soup called Hot and Spicy. He said it was good but very spicy and didn't have all the flavors of Pho as it wasn't Pho.The chairs didn't seem as uncomfortable to me as they did last time maybe some are better than others?This is the busiest Vietnamese Restaurant I've been too every seat was filled with people and most were Asian.The atmosphere was loud and busy.Didn't disappoint.
4	What a lovely afternoon with fine folks and good food. Viet Kitchen is an aesthetically pleasing restaurant with very friendly staff members and good food. My meal was delicious. I had the Stir Fry--(7A) on the menu. We all shared an order of Spring Rolls. The only thing strange was that our food all came out at different times instead of all at once. Since it was only a minute or two apart l am okay with it I suppose. Maybe this is how they do it here. That might be an issue for some old school service folks so a heads up. At this location all the staff members chip in so the food was delivered by different servers when it came up. I am okay with that since I like hot, and not sitting until the server can get to it, meal deliveries. I only mention it because I know some folks might be bothered by that. To be honest I like places that group serve. In my opinion it makes the service, and food temperature, better. I found the staff here to be absolutely wonderful. They fawned all over us from the moment we walked in until the very end of the day when I went back in to use the bathroom. Even after all the customers had left the restaurant and the staff were eating their lunch. They did not act put out that I returned after about 15 minutes. Such nice people. They were very accommodating, nice, helpful, made good suggestion, were always smiling and very friendly. All in all, I had a great afternoon with precious friends.
1	Used to come here for lunch every once in a while but now I WILL NEVER be coming back!I ordered the pho with the beef and extra noodle. My friend just ordered the beef and meatball pho as is. They ended up putting the extra noodles in my friend's pho so when I asked the waitress if she could fix it, you know what she said?!? Are you ready for this?!?!She said, and I QUOTE "Maybe your friend can share noodle with you..."Are you F**KING kidding me lady?!?! Really???? I was DONE after that. Never going back. I'm still shocked she even said that to us........
5	Best Pho ever! The broth is Pholicious! No need to go anywhere else.
3	Craving some Vermicelli, we checked out this place recently.  Ordered 2 vermicelli dinners, steak and chicken.  Also started out with spring rolls.  This food was average to say the least.  Just ok.  Spring rolls mostly filled with lettuce, meat & herbs were scarce.  The vermicelli dinners were ok, but not amazing or anything.  Prices are good though and location is near home.  Not sure if we will be going back.  A fav Vietnamese rest. is farther and divey, but amazing and worth the drive.
3	One order of spring rolls, one grilled pork and pate banh mi (or, as the menu puts it: Vietnamese French style sandwich) and one cafe sua da (Vietnamese iced coffee, drip style with sweetened condensed milk).This is my typical lunch fare when going to a Vietnamese place for lunch, and I made no exception with Viet Kitchen.I agree with Norm R. This place is much nicer than most of the Vietnamese places I frequent. Real attention was paid to decor - there's nothing "ethnic dive" about this place. Where I disagree with Norm is on price - I found prices to be notably higher than the dives I frequent. $3.75 for the two spring rolls - they're $2.25 at my "normal" haunt. $4.99 for the banh mi, compared to $2.50 where I usually go. Still cheap for the amount and quality of food - but knowing how much less I could be paying for the same quality and portion size does make me feel I am paying for the decor - which is not why I decided on Viet Kitchen...I went there for the food, not the "pretty."The food was A-OK - not the most amazing versions of the dishes I ordered, but nothing wrong with them. Everything had the freshness and flavor profiles I was expecting - this is one of my comfort food meals - and it did the job I needed it to do.My stepfather is going to be moving to this area soon - and I may well stop in while headed to or from his place - but I don't think I'd ever drive out of my way to eat here. Not when I can get similar quality for less cash far closer to where I work and live.
4	Solid Vietnamese for Phoenix. We come frequently. Bun Bo Hue is solid. Pho is better than average. Fast service. Friendly staff. Little on the warm side inside. Now if we were in California, this would be 3 stars.
5	This is our favorite sit down Vietnamese restaurant in town.  It's always sharp and clean.  The staff is always kind to us (and we have a wheelchaired daughter) The owner seems to remember everything about us.  It feels welcoming.  There aren't very many places you can get the crepe appetizer...it's really good!  This is our hands down fav for the soup broth!
1	I WILL NEVER COME BACK AGAIN!!!I moved to this area about one year ago and I have been coming here ever since.  I decided to order couple of items to go today.  When I picked up the food I kindly asked for more Sriracha and Hoisin sauce for my Pho.  The cashier looked at me weird and said that there was plenty with my food.  When I checked, I got a quarter of a one once container of each.  I asked if I could have some more and the cashier was very rude and said I would have to pay extra.  REALLY?! I just grabbed some Sriracha from a table and left.  I will never come to this place again!!!
1	Viet Kitchen is not for vegetarians.The food don't taste good, kitchen is not clean, service is bad, when you enter the restaurant before half an hour of the closing time, the waitress may yell at you and say they are cleaning the kitchen. Seeing the reviews here, I think the restaurant may have some non vegetarian dishes which are good yet the kitchen IS very dirty.I will never go to Viet Kitchen.
5	Excellent food here whether you're dining in or taking out. I have spent small fortunes here monthly to get my fix of pho, fried rice, egg rolls, pork spring rolls, curry, and everything in between. Excellent value, and the service for to go or dine in is always top notch!
3	We've only been here one time and it didn't blow us away, but it wasn't bad either. We are new to the world of pho and this was our first experience altogether. We had the spring rolls and we both ordered different meals - I had the Pho Bo, or meatball Pho and he had the beef and rice plate. The Pho was interesting and the more I had of it the less I think actually liked it overall.  The soup or broth was just oddly flavored for me. His beef seemed to be a bit overcooked and was pretty chewy.  The spring rolls were the best part of the meal. They had good filler and the wrap was tasty! I think if we were to try Pho again, we would most likely try out another order here or a different place altogether.  We definitely want to give it another try since we have heard so many good things about it.Overall: B
4	Very clean, fast and friendly service with amazing Pho and Spring Rolls.  This place was busy on a Sunday afternoon at 2:00pm, so something tells me this Vietnamese Restaurant is legit.  We just moved into the area and I'm already assuming this place will become my "go to" Asian restaurant.  Very good experience!Overall Experience = A-Food = A+Service = B+Atmosphere = A-Ambiance= B
1	DON'T EVER ORDER HOT POT HERE!!!!! If you do, welcome to join the huge rip off!!!Well, as a customer for years (seriously! years!! because we live so close to it and this is the only asian restaurant nearby!), tonight we surprisingly  found out they have hot pot on their menu, so we decided to give it a try. However, we've never experienced vietnamese hot pot before, we did expected something different from Chinese hot pot or Japanese hot pot, but we didn't expect this is such a rip off!!!1. Refer to the image I'm attaching: customers need to place two orders to be able to get the hot pot thing, so we ordered "Beef & Shrimp" and "Seafood," when the raw food arrive, I was like WTF, that's it? You might think this amount of shrimp and beef is quite a bit, but let me tell you this thing cost $15.99. In this restaurant, a big bowl of house noodle (which includes everything) is about $8-ish, and the seafood which costs us $16.99 with 2 SHRIMPS, 5 PIECES OF SQUID, several BEAN SIZE SCALLOPS, and some beef. Well they did serve some veggies and noodle (all raw) on the side, but seriously????? $16.99 is an all-you-can-eat price in other same level Asian restaurants!! And look at the so-call HOT POT! It's the same size as my dad's hand!!2. Poor communication. We asked for hot pot, the waitress acts like we are retarded or something. We saw the other table ordered hot pot, so we said to her we want THAT, and of course we asked if this is similar to the Chinese hot pot. She didn't explain at all, at the end she asked which one we like, butter or vinegar. Well we didn't know what those are for so we picked butter. I swear, she didn't say anything at that time, then when our food finally arrived, they gave us a FU*KING PAN! WE ORDERED HOT POT NOT HOT PAN! HELLO?? Then she explain because we asked for butter, and butter is for the hot pan and vinegar is for hot pot, WTF??? That is how you treat your customer without any explanation before place the order in the kitchen???3. THE ENTIRE NIGHT THE WAITRESS WERE GIVING US AN ATTITUDE BECAUSE WE ASKED TO SWITCH TO WHAT WE WANTED TO ORDER. 4. CONCLUSION: THE HOT POT SUCKS! THE FOOD WAS SO LITTLE EVEN MY 4 FOOT MOM COULDN'T GET FILL UP! Service was horrible, we waited for so long because of they messed up the order and they didn't even say sorry, but keep giving us attitude and rude! F this place, never come back again!
5	Tried the vegetarian pho with beef broth. Very fresh, great flavor, excellent soup! We will be back for sure! One of the best Pho soups I have ever had.
2	broth is too salty.  beef in pho not always fresh.  spring rolls are not very fresh. i've eaten here 10xs. go to tea light if u live in north phoenix.  i've given up on this place.
1	Food is ok. It just gets worse every time. I only go there cause is near by. People work there are rude and dishonest. They made a mistake on my Togo order, which I'm ok with it, everyone makes mistake. I called back to let them know about incorrect order. There wasn't even a "sorry".... They said that it was impossible they made a mistake. Well... I guess in their mind... I've made a mistake. I wasn't in the mood to argue, but, the lady answer sure is.
5	This place is excellent!  They have wonderful pho.  The salads are amazing and I really like how they serve green iced tea.  I've had many items from their menu and each time I'm pleased.  This place is good to introduce others to different cuisines and expand your palette beyond traditional american fare.  My only complaint is I wish they had boba drinks!  Definitely amazing if you want to try real "ramen" or other dishes.  The hot pots are loads of fun!!  Think melting pot but Vietnamese style!  And the decor is fun.  I highly recommend this place!
4	So far I've only done carry-out here but the Traditional Pho is phenomenal.  Always courteous and prompt with my order.
1	On the advice of a good friend we ordered 40 egg rolls from here for a party. Our friend is a regular at Viet Kitchen and told us they were friendly and had great customer service so we thought it worth the drive from central Phoenix. Well, she was definitely wrong! When we called in our order, we asked to have them ready by 2:00-2:30pm. When I arrived at 2:30pm to pick them up, I was told that they were not supposed to be picked up until 2pm. When I explained that it was 2:30pm, she simply said "Oh" and looked down at her order pad. I had to ask if they were ready or if they would be ready soon. She went and spoke with another woman and then told me that they would be ready in 15 min. No apology offered.  I was so irritated and would have just left, but I needed these egg rolls for the party. I was sure I would get at least an apology when they were ready,  and maybe a discount or an add on to make up for the mistake and my additional wait. When they were ready, I paid and they handed them to me. All that was said to me was that they were hot so leave the lid off. No we are sorry, no discount, nothing! They didn't even give us any sauce. This was such a frustrating experience!! Viet Kitchen needs to learn that an apology will go a long way. Even though the egg rolls were good,  we will not go there again.
4	Ordered the Pho Saigon.  Great price, clean and fast service.
4	I love the Pho and the specials are very reasonable.
4	being a vegetarian I didn't think I would ever get a chance to try pho.  This place has blown me away and its now my go to place whenever I don't feel like slaving over a hot stove.  Their peanut sauce is delicious with the spring rolls, and I'm never disappointed  with my order.
4	Short Version: Awesome, friendly and personal service. Great food. I enjoy the Egg Rolls or the Banh Xeo for an appetizer and the Pho Tai as an entree.Long Version: We've been coming to Viet Kitchen pretty much since it opened and have always enjoyed coming back. The owner gets to know you and calls you by name. There's something very charming when you experience a restaurant that does that.The Eggs Rolls are fried perfectly crisp with the center soft. The come out piping hot so give it a minute before you bite in. The Banh Xeo is a real treat to get because when it's made at home, someone (usually mom and the sisters) have to stand by the stove the whole time making them. They're essentially Vietnamese Crepes with pork and shrimp and some bean sprouts in the middle and then folded. It comes with mung bean, but I'm not a fan of it, so I usually have them leave it out. I also take out the bean sprouts because many times there will be too many and it takes away from the flavor. The Pho, which is a Vietnamese staple is probably an 8/10, so still very good, and more than satisfying for being so close to where we live, but there is definitely better out there. You just end up sacrificing cleanliness and atmosphere for it. So for that alone, it bumps the taste up to a 9/10 since you're not scared of touching anything.The restaurant is very clean and well maintained and much more "Americanized" in that sense since most Vietnamese restaurants are dumps. They paid very careful attention to the design details importing decorations from Vietnam, so the owner spent a lot of time making sure the place looked authentic but also clean and tidy.I highly recommend this place!
5	Really fresh and lite with full flavor and a decent price. The service is quick and the food will get you full without leaving you feeling bloated.
3	Great place to go to when you have a head cold and need some extra Spicy Soup. The menu here has most of the favorites you would see at your typical Viet Restaurant. It is hard to find many noodle restaurants up in this part of town.Inside is very simple with some really funky tables and chairs. Reminded me of playing with my Rubik's cube as a kid. It was a struggle just to get my legs underneath the table. Hmmm? Ordered the Spring Rolls and what most places call the #1. Here their Beef Pho with everything is called the #3a or Pho Saigon. These are a couple of my standards for judging and it will give you a good gauge of what you can expect.The Spring Rolls came out first and seemed a little soggy and tasted very bland. It looked like there was some type of roasted meat in there. Funny the menu did not mention anything about pork or beef. The XL Beef Pho was actually pretty good. The broth had a nice flavor and was not too sweet or salty. The beef tendons and tripe were cooked perfectly and melted in my mouth.Service was mediocre and they did not offer much enthusiasm. Place got really busy fast and it was completely full when I was leaving. No joke!Located right next to that mad house called Costco. Give them a try and see what you think. NE PHX WOOT!3.25 STARS
2	The service isn't bad, but was awfully slow when I went there. The owner could definitely hire a server or two ... the place was busy and she was really the one taking food orders. The food wasn't half bad though.
5	The Viet Kitchen is still my favourite place for Pho.  Kim and Jenny are wonderful and as Anthony N mentioned "the owner gets to know you and calls you by name".  That type of atmosphere certainly does enhance the dining experience.  I do however have to disagree with him that their food is not the absolute best.  Every time I go, as soon as my Pho arrives, my bum starts to do it's happy dance in their new, very comfortable chairs.  As the first spoonful hits my mouth I'm practically wiggling out of the seat.  Since their Pho is really the only thing I ever order it is the only thing I can speak to as being, at least for me, the absolute best.  If you want spectacular Pho with a flavourful, delicious broth you need to visit Jenny and Kim at the Viet Kitchen and tell them Karen says HI, she'll be in soon!!!
2	Thought we would give this place a try in our new neighborhood. Started with spring rolls that were uneatable-the meat tasted rancid and was an off color. Our entrees (beef filet pieces & rice) was just okay. The rice was my favorite part of the whole meal, but it's kind of hard to mess up steamed rice. My partner had the mixed grill (beef, chicken, shrimp) stir fry noodles. It was okay other than very fishy-tasting shrimp. The worst part of our dining experience was our waitress standing behind the counter wiping & picking her nose with her hand and not washing them after!!
4	Had the Vietnam  fried rice for lunch. It was great!! Quick service too. Although was just about to go back today but sign on door said "no credit cards today" sad. They lost my business today. I hope to go back soon.
5	I love this place.  The food is excellent (I've tried most things on the menu) and hte people are very nice as well.  It's clean and fast, but not rushed.  If you like Pho, then you must go!
5	Mmmmmmm. . .get the Pho!  My friend and I went here for dinner.  We each ordered the Pho with rare steak and extra vegetables.  It was the best Pho I have EVER had!  It was also HUGE!  I was unable to finish it and lefts so extremely stuffed.  Can't wait to go back and try other entrees!
5	I live close and have been here dozens of times. The spring rolls and Vietnamese egg rolls are awesome.  I've had pretty much everything on the menu from the Pho, rice dishes, sandwiches but my absolute favorites are the vermicelli noodle salads with BBQ pork, shrimp or beef.I have a great story about the owners as well. I went there solo one night (the wife had a girls night) and I forgot my wallet! I realized right after I ordered and told my server. She said no big deal you can pay next time. How cool was that! I felt weird about not paying so I ate quickly then drove home and returned to pay.I always bring out of town friends here and recommend them locals also.
1	Will not come back. Food is average but the service is terrible. The Pho is not impressive but OK and their egg rolls are made from refrigerated product with some unrecognizable stuff inside!!The service is among the worst I've ever experienced. The waitress/owner gave a face like a stone and didn't even say a word when taking our order. The only one word we got there was a "Thanks" when she bring the check.... Since we were the only Asian customers there and all others were getting normal service, I may have to establish an assumption that the way you are treated is correlated to your looking. Unbelievable!
1	My family used to go there for dinner because they had decent phos and spring rolls. However, while having pho a few days ago, I found a small piece of kitchen wrap in my steak pho. I told the lady what happened and she said sorry... DAS IT. Overall not so great services and bad hygiene. I'm not going back!
5	I'm usually not a fan of thai or viet food, however this place is amazing, everything is so fresh and tasty, i went in yesterday and got the beef vermicelli  & spring rolls & it was amazing, so TODAY i went in and got the grilled chicken Verma and it was also great, had so much deep taste!!! great service, great food & wash it down with some of their heavy thai tea! what more can you ask for
5	Best flavored Vietnamese food! You won't be disappointed! The egg rolls arrived piping hot and tasty. Pho was flavored perfectly even tasty broth. We also had the BBQ beef vermicelli and it was great!!
5	As far as Phoenix goes, this is the best Vietnamese Restaurant that I have found.  Maybe not a trendy, innovative location, but clean and offers amazing service.  The Pho and Bun are to die for.Ambiance = 3*Service = 5*Food = 5*Cleanliness = 4*
5	This restaurant is one of those gems that are hidden plain sight. I have enjoyed my many visits emensely.  The staff is alway curious and eager to provide 5 star service.  My regular order consists of egg rolls to die for and the po chick.
4	Since my last visit they got rid of the uncomfortable but pretty chairs and replaced them with comfortable cushioned chairs that are slightly too wide to fit the tables.We started with Summer Rolls. They were much larger than I was expecting and also far more delicious than I was expecting. The beef inside had this delicious charcoal kind of taste and had very fresh vegetables around it in a rice paper wrapper. The fresh mint inside made it very refreshing and perfect for a hot summer day. The roll was also served with a light fish sauce.I had the Spicy Stir-Fry. It wasn't as spicy as I was expecting but it had a nice kick to it. The white meat chicken was developed with flavors and was prepared very well. This dish had a wide assortment of fresh crunchy vegetables in it that was covered in a very balanced sauce. This WAS A VERY GOOD Dish and possibly one of the best dishes you can get anywhere for $7.25.Out of all my visits so far I haven't been disappointed with anything I ordered from here. I like that they offer many different things that I don't notice at other Vietnamese Restaurants.The food seems very solid from here.
1	I went there for lunch today with my mom and toddler son. My mom and I were both very excited to try Pho for the first time. The place was pretty busy when we first arrived, but started to clear out before we were seated. After checking out the menu and chatting for awhile, we realize we have been sitting for at least 15 minutes and no one had come over to take our order, or even acknowledge us and offer us water. We waited at least 10-15 MORE minutes,  getting frustrated at the complete lack of acknowledged ment. The waitresses kept walking by constantly, but no one never even looked at us. The final straw was when I looked over at the table of girls who were seated at almost exactly the same time as us, and they wer happily eating their food. We got up and walked out. I'm sure the food is delicious, it smelled great, but waiting half an hour, with a toddler, and not ever being acknowledged is completely unacceptable. Terrible service, I'm not even going to try to go back.
5	I like their pho.  very clean restaurant.  I would recommended to everyone
5	Started coming here a while back ago and loved it! Viet Kitchen has very good tasting pho in which I am referring to the Saigon Pho that I always order! I also enjoy their many other dishes such as the Chicken & Green- one of my favorite. In addition the service is awesome. They are always so friendly to us and actually talk to us unlike other restaurants! This is a place to go to. Highly recommended! Yum!
5	Quick, yummy and satisfying. Love this place!  Not sure what else to say, because I haven't explored the menu past the house Pho- it's so good I can't bring myself to pass it up.
5	This is probably my favorite Vietnamese restaurant in the Phoenix area! The food is great and the service makes it the kind of place where you can easily become a regular. It has all the charms of an authentic little hole-in-the wall with all the authentic tastes, but the ambience is much nicer.
5	Some of the best pho in town. Stumbled upon this place based on a recommendation and have found few places that have better pho. Staff is always very welcoming. Highly recommended.
5	I absolutely love Vietnamese food especially pho, which is basically the only thing I eat when I have Vietnamese food. Their soup is so good!! It has amazing flavor I get their veggie soup with extra noodles and they always give me extra noodles. The don't get mad if you ask. This service is great and quick and the ladies who own The restaurant are so sweet and nice. You can also call in an order and pick it up which is great. Overall this place is a for sure five stars and I will of course come back again!
5	Very nice little restaurant in cave creek area.  Family run restaurant.  Very Nice and polite owners.  I really like the pho there.  Thats what I get every time I go there.
1	I came in and ordered the bun Bo hue .the waitress came n take my ordered but she didn't tell me this plate isn't an authentic Vietnamese taste . so when she brought out the soup taste so blend and I offered her to take it back , and the waitress told me that if you ordered and you don't like it there is no exchange in their restaurant and I had to pay for it as we'll ... so I won't be back ever again ...
4	We come here for the noodles. Our favorite is the 7A rice noodle combo. Everything we have tried here is very good but the noodles are the best!
3	(Lyrics - 3 Doors Down - Here Without You)My hungry days have made me slowerSince the last time that I had delicious PhoA thousand meals have made me wiserAnd I don't think I can taste Pho as the sameBut all the restaurants that separateDisappear now when I'm Bo Biting in your placeI'm at the Viet Kitchen, babyAnd I'm hungry out of my mindI think about Pho, babyAnd I dream about it all the timeI'm at the Viet Kitchen, babyBut you're still with me in my dreamsAnd for lunch it's only Pho and me, yeah.Viet Kitchen is one of those new aged Americanize Vietnamese restaurants.  Their menu even breakdown what the meals are.  I hope someday we can all walk into a Vietnamese restaurant and say "Pho sounds good!" without thinking "what the heck is Fho?".  Needless to say, Viet Kitchen has been one of my favorite lunch spots simply because it's close to my office.  In the end, I give them much love for being around for so long, and as I can see more and more customers are becoming familiar with the cuisine. The Pho here is pretty good and seems to get better every time.  The broth is not as pungent and steamy as the way I like it; tad bit too subtle for my palate.  When it's called Beef Noodle soup on the menu then you know why.  The eggrolls was good, but my lettuce came somewhat brown so that was downer.  In the end, service needs to improve and the ambiance is okay with your basic Vietnamese decors, but I do appreciate the large flat screens.  Would I come back, of course it's the closets Vietnamese restaurant to my office! - Enjoy!
4	I recently discovered Pho this year and ever since I have been trying to find the most authentic Pho that one would be able to get here in Phoenix. Out of all the places I have tried, Viet Kitchen is the one with a flavorful broth. The whole restaurant smells of star anise and all the other spices that goes into the broth. If you are not used to these flavors, it can be a bit over powering, which was the case for my boyfriend. He enjoys Pho Thanh's Pho, which he says is a bit bland but saltier than the one we tried.So, if you have the taste buds for authentically made broth, I'd recommend trying it at least once. :)PSAs for the location, it is easy to find and the inside is a bit small. The decor is comforting but I found it confusing when it came to being seated. There was not anyone at the door to greet us and I wasn't sure if it was a Seat Yourself kind of place but after walking to the bar and asking, I find out we needed to wait to be seated. The only downer is that they do not serve water once seated. It took about 10 minutes of waiting before we finally received our waters. Other than that, I plan on coming here for the days I get to choose the Pho, as for my boyfriend, he'll most likely be sticking to Pho Thanh (17th Ave & Camelback).
4	This place is fantastic. Awesome pho, Great salad rolls, stir frys  and well just everything is really good. Definitely recommend trying it!!
1	I have been here quite a few times. The food and service is normally really good. But the last time I ate there, I ordered the grill chicken rice dish and it tasted and smelled spoiled.  It was disgusting! I told the server that I didn't want it anymore and they said that I'd still have to pay for it!! I have worked in kitchens and restaurants for the last 12 years and never would I serve spoiled food and make a customer pay for it!  That was the last time I will ever eat there.
2	I've been here a few times whenever I visit family in Phoenix since they always insist on eating here.  For whatever reason, my siblings really like the food.  I wholeheartedly disagree.  The pho is flavorless.  The banh pho (noodles) are over cooked.  As noted in other posts about pho, any time I have to add hoisin sauce to make it more flavorful is a bad sign.  My wife had the My Quang and it was unrecognizable.  First, it's a noodle bowl that should have very little sauce added to it. This version had enough "broth" to call it a soup.  Should be no broth in this dish.My kids got the pork egg rolls which were 99% veggies.  If you concentrate, you could taste some pork.The only thing noteworthy is their service. They are very friendly and prompt.
5	Had the beef pho and it was delish! They even added extra beef meatballs. The Thai tea with soy milk was also one of the best I've had!
4	Sunday late evening dinner was tasty.  I arrived only 15 minutes before closing and the staff was very friendly.  As usual there are a couple of dishes that are the measuring stick for specific ethnic restaurants.  For Vietnamese it is spring rolls, pho and clay pots.I had the pho and the spring rolls.  Spring rolls were excellent, light with fresh shrimp, tasty pork and fresh ingredients.  The Pho was excellent.  I had the rare filet which was perfectly cooked.  There was a light flavor of cinnamon in my pho.  I typically do not like the taste of cinnamon.  Wtih that said I will be trying one of the clay pots next time I visit!
