5	I went here on a Saturday evening around 7 after having spent a few hours at the pool followed by a burger at Grind Burger.  Anyway, there were 2 or 3 other parties relaxing and smoking when my group of 4 arrived.  We were promptly greeted by the hostess/waitress and seated in the main lounge area (they also have some private rooms in the back).  I ordered Blue Mist for myself and the hubby and my friends ordered fruit loopz.  We all agreed the Blue Mist was way better--it's one of my favs anyway.  Before 8pm hookahs are $12.  The "hookah guy" was very attentive and came by frequently to check the coals.  The four of us sat and talked for about 2 hours, intermittently smoking and sipping our Fiji water ($4).  Mind you, these type of places don't serve water in a glass for free; you ask for water and you get a bottle.  This is my new favorite hookah lounge in Las Vegas.
5	This Place is Fantastic.  Super cool service and act that takes place with the coals!  This place is a must visit!
4	We just happened to pull the door open a bit after hours and the the owner and some of his friends were there finishing up their night and invited us in, for a few puffs.  the atmosphere was very very chill, a bit dark. but it was after hours.  Tobacco flavor they were smoking was some kind of apple, very good. the workers and the friends her had there did not make us feel like we were intruding. i will definitely be paying you guys a visit, next time i'm in vegas.  Even just to say thanks for your hospitality.
4	When you enter, it is VERY dark. On the right, there are all the booths and on the left there's one long couch with a bunch of tables and hookahs lined up. There was only one group of people when we came in and no one by the door, so we waited a few seconds and a guy came out from the back to seat us. We were solely there to have some tapas and we explained that to him. He gave us a small booth in the back, which was nice and secluded and he took out two of the hookahs (there was 3 on the tiny table) so we could have room for the food. We couldn't help but bust out our cameras because the place just looked so sexy! The dark red and blue lighting, painted walls, and orange lit hookahs just gave it a very hip look. We perused through the menu, which included some funky names such as "Wanna eat a pita?" and "Sum Yum Guy Satay" that we both found pretty amusing. They also had a decent list of teas, including flowering tea ($12 a pot) and even some smoothies. We ended up ordering the following:White Rose Tea - Very aromatic. I added a little sugar to mine and it was just perfect. Very subtle and relaxing. I can't get over the scent!Mo'Rockin Beef Bowl (Slow cooked rib-eye on a bed of jasmine white rice) - This came in a pretty big bowl, which was perfect for sharing. However, Don enjoyed it a lot more than I did. I personally found it to be a little bland, but the meat was very tenderSharing is Caring Sampler ($16), included the following:Not Your Fava Bean Dip ("Fool Mudammas" mixed with onions, cilantro, tomatoes, and olive oil) - I actually liked this more than the hummus. It was smooth and it really did taste like a mild bean dip. Very good with the pita breadSweet N Sweeter Chicken (Baked chicken honey on a bed of clementines) - Again, Don enjoyed this more than I did. I think it's more of an acquired taste that I can imagine many people liking, but it really just tasted like chicken that was rolled in honey bunches of oats to me, so I found it a little odd. Stuff it up your Kofta Kabob  (Marinated Egyptian ground beef stuffed with feta cheese and grilled on a skewer) - We both liked this a lot. The meat was juicy and flavorful, so I ended up pairing it with the caprese on the side.Mo'Rockin Caprese (Feta cheese with tomatoes, cilantro, and Thai basil) - The feta was a little overpowering for me, so I ended up only eating all of the tomatoes with the Kabob, but they were very fresh and went perfectly with the kabob.This Isn't About Me, It's About Hummus - This came on a big dish with a basket of pita bread. It was pretty grainy, but the flavor was just right and, when mixed with the bean dip, it made for a very pleasant dip.Jo' Momma's Baklava (Fillo dough pastry stuffed with candied almonds and walnuts) - I've never had Baklava before this, so I didn't know what to expect. I liked that it came out nice and warm. It was also very flaky, which I am always a fan of and it had a delicate sweetness that was just right. Don, however, thought it had a "weird" taste, but I didn't detect that. The service was top notch, even though they didn't fill up our water glasses every single time they went empty, but that was completely understandable because the place is very dark. You can tell they really work as a team here because we were always checked up on and served by about four different people. The music was actually pretty good. They had a variety of reggae and some pretty upbeat music. I noticed they even accept requests. Some guy in one of the other booths ended up requesting "Bad Boys" and started dancing. My only real complaint is that their tables are WAY too small. At least if you're there to eat, which I'm sure majority of the customers aren't there for. All of our plates were given to us one by one because there wasn't room for a lot at once. This was just a small problem though, since the place is a hookah lounge and not an actual sit down restaurant.All in all, we really enjoyed coming here. The ambiance was awesome and the service was tiptop. If we come here again I definitely want to get a hookah, maybe Fruit Loop flavor, and try their Cheesecake Lollipops. Yum!
5	Amazing hookah! Perfect atmosphere. The hookah attendants were right on everything. We also went to another hookah place but came right back here every night for our Vegas vacation. The guy watching the coals was super nice and instructed us how to make the most out of our hookah at home. It was the first place we tried sarbuzz tobacco and am defiantly hooked. The only downside is I was used to my weaker smoke at home so the thick smoke made me a little sick. If you are a regular smoker it shouldn't be a issue. On more not they never make you feel rushed and never let the tobacco burn.We were their for 2 hours and the smoke never died down.
5	Awesome place , the staff is super friendly , "Bink" was very attentive to our table an makes a mean mojito! We will definitely makes this a must spot whenever in Vegas
5	I never come to vegas without coming here! I love this place!
4	Wow, there are so many hookah lounges in Vegas!  That is one thing you do not get to experience in Hawaii, unless you set one up in your living room.  When I first walked in, I noticed that its pretty dark in here.  It is nothing like Rhumbar, which is well-lit (and obviously outdoors).  There are booths and cushioned sofas against the walls.  I like the lighting of the tables where the hookahs were placed.  Bf said the bathrooms are cool, maybe the mens bathroom has more decorations.  The womens bathroom is nothing special but its very clean at least!  Another thing about the atmosphere is that they play a lot of good music, and there are music videos playing on the mounted TVs... Yet they do not match.  I guess they dont have surround sound yet! Another cool thing is they put ice in the water so you get better smoke.  We ordered a Starbuzz Pink flavor and it was pretty tasty.  I liked that there was always someone walking around to change coals (kind of dangerous looking basket with hot coals).  We did not order any food, but the kabobs smelt really good.  We did have a drink.  I think somewhere on the menu it says all hookah orders come with one drink order per person (but not included in the hookah price).  They have menu sets that come with entrees, a bowl of hookah, and a drink for two people, three, and so on.  The service was not bad, all the guys that work there were really nice.  I ordered a shot of ouzo straight and the guy who brought it to me kept asking me if I wanted it on the rocks.  Well it was probably the strongest drink I have ever had but I wasnt about to change my mind for him.  Good looking out, man!  We also got 15% off our bill thanks to the Yelp deal! Sweeeet.  Its all good.  We had a relaxing time here and left happy. I may come back again.
4	I don't smoke hookah, heck I don't smoke anything, constantly therefore I'm always very reluctant when I'm invited to a hookah lounge. But I was visiting a friend and they all decided to go, therefore I said WTH! When I arrived we were attended promptly, not bad. Our hookah was brought out to us fairly quick, good. And they were serving this peach tea, which was sooooo good, excellent! Totally made my night to find out that there were actual hookah/cafes that served GOOD teas. I'm sold. I will def visit this place again when I'm in the area.
5	The location is near the Hard Rock Casino about a mile away from the Strip. The menu and method of ordering is somewhat complicated. For example our group of four people had to have two hookahs because one has to order a hookah for every two people at Azuza. The place has a vibe that defies its locale in a strip mall. It's lit darkly and has a very relaxed vibe to it. The hookahs were strong and were well prepared. I would consider walking from Nashville to Las Vegas to get some of the  delicious Peach tea.    After a day on the Strip: collecting cards advertising local ladies,getting lapdances from Chloe and Destiny, picking winners and busting up blackjack tables, Azuza is a nice place to conclude a victorious evening in Las Vegas.
4	I came here a year ago. I liked it better last year, possibly because they had alcohol. This time that I went, they didn't have alcohol anymore. They said because it got too crazy, drunk ass people throwing up all over the place, broken hookahs. I completly understand why they removed the alcohol...  :( But it was a good time overall.
3	Stopped in here for a quick snack because I was already in the shopping center. I'm not one for hooka lounges, there dark, smoky and the coals scare the hell out me! I walked in and ordered hummus and pita to go. They charged my card and than told me it be a 10-15 min wait. While I waited inside I noticed it had a good vibe and seemed clean and neat. And than the coal guy came out from the back with a hot coal basket. Its bad enough I'm freaked out by just the presence of the coals BUT than the guy stood right in front of me and swung the basket around in circles. I'm not talking about circles and inch wide and in front of him, but over the head down to his feet full arm swinging circles. Hot little ashes flying everywhere. I sunk back into the chair freaked out! REALLY? There was no one there that even could see what he was doing except me and I was obviously freaked out by it! Talk about a fire hazard! After my shock I ended up waiting for nearly a half hour before the chef came out and handed me my togo bag apologizing for the delay. Got home and enjoyed some really tasty hummus and pita. Had enough left over to snack on the next day too. If it wouldn't have been for the wait and the fact the guy came out going crazy with the coals than I'd rate this place a little higher.
5	Totally a place to relax an chill.  Food...hookah...music...just a great to relax from a long day!!!
4	This was my first hookah experience!  But since I'm more about food, let me start there!Chicks on your grill ... grilled chicken and rice.  A little bland, especially after eating the Cry Baby Curry!  OMG this was so delish!! In fact, we came here twice while in Vegas and I ordered it both times.  The hummus and pita ... again, delish!The first time here we had some sort of mint hookah.  It was good but after a while, gave me a stomach ache.  LOL.  Next time I should eat before I smoke hookah.  The 2nd time we were here, we had double apple ... it was really good but again, got a stomach ache for just a short bit.  LOL.  What a sissy!
5	Nice place :) not the best, but if you're searching for nearby smoke this is the place.
4	one of the best places for a hookah i've been to. clean establishment, friendly service. hookahs are served with ice water in the base, providing a nicer experience. the coals are routinely changed out -- correctly with the filters blown out between.some minor items i did not enjoy --- table space is tight in some areas with tables butting up against your shins- pricing is overly complicated and ridiculous- cost is fairly expensive after the inclusion of a "one drink minimum per person"
5	I loved it here. The menu is clear. Prices are fair. The ambiance is prefect. I could stay here all day/night. The staff were exceptional. This place has already been recommended to friends and I will continue to do so. I say yes!
1	First off, I'm pretty sure most of these other reviews were written by people that work there because after reading the reviews my friends and I made the trek off the strip to go there and was gravely mislead.It has to be one of the worst hookah bars I have been to. The service was poor at best. My friends and I were waiting for at least 15 minutes for a server to give us menus. We then had to decipher to overly complicated menu and pricing. During all of this we were crammed into a tight table area and not allowed to move even though the rest of the bar was barren.After we found out that their alcohol license was revoked, we ordered some of their "specialty drinks", which turned out to be some mediocre tea and sugar. This entire process of took over an hour until actually receiving our drinks, which didn't come until after we got our hookahs (max of 2 people per hookah). On top of this, the tip was included on the check regardless of the lousy service. Overall we ended up biting the bullet and just paying and getting back to the strip as fast as possible. I do not recommend this place as you would be better off finding another establishment. 1 Star
1	I've been to a lot of hookah bars, and this one was quite easily the worst. The service was ridiculously slow, and the hookah tasted kinda funky. I ordered some Moroccan mint iced tea that was strange tasting as well. Luckily, the diet coke I ordered to replace the mint iced tea was normal. Though I'm not sure what other options there are for hookah in Vegas, I would recommend avoiding this place.
5	Great place to hang out Fantastic hookah
1	This is the worst place ever!!! Hookah was good but if you want to pay for a service & be treated like shit then this is definitely the place to go. Our waitress was a complete A-hole!!!! My friend & I went there thinking we'd have a good GNO but instead we were treated like dirt. The young guy changing out the coals was nice enough to take our order. When we asked him to get our waitress he signaled to her to come & told her we needed something....she in turn waved for him to handle us after she saw it was our table. Never going back!! Too bad too cuz we tend to smoke A LOT of hookah with all our friends.This all went down @ the Charleston location
5	This place has unanimously won the best hookah place in Vegas in my book.I've visited almost ALL local hookah lounges/restaurants in the valley and I've come to the easy conclusion that Azuza Hookah Lounge & Cafe is the best there is.Here is why:1) HOOKAH: Everything they do leading up to making a good hookah bowl is pretty standard and similar to most places, however, the ice-filled bases are a HUGE plus in terms of smoothness. The employee knowledge on the different types of hookah smoking is impressive and informative. They are excellent with their ability to match/mix flavors to your liking. They are understanding when you're not satisfied and will not hesitate to please your hookah taste buds (at least in many of my experiences). SEVERAL of the bowls I've had there last long (beyond two hours). Of course that can change with the frequency of your smoking. The hookahs and hoses are all a high quality and clean (fancy too).2) FOOD/DRINKS: The food is excellent. All organic and fresh. You can't find another hookah lounge with food at these prices that taste like this. The drinks are eclectic (non-alcoholic). None of them disappoint. Anything from hot tea to iced juices are awesome.3) EMPLOYEES: The employees are respectful, knowledgeable, and friendly. I treat the employees with respect and they return with respect as well. They handle any issue you have with food or hookah willingly, respectfully, and swiftly. It can get busy at times and service can take longer at times, but that's how it gets sometimes. They know the menu and are excellent with recommendations. They have uniforms that allow customers to distinct who is an employee and who isn't (some places don't do that).4) AMBIANCE: Good clean space. It's a lounge so when I see people complain about "table space" I would suggest going to a restaurant. I make due with the space at hand. The music ranges from electric, dub-step, hip hop, and reggae. They mix it up often. I LOVE when they play reggae there. The music isn't played at an ear-piercing volume consistently (like other hookah places). 5) PRICE: Reasonable & fair. The regular price for hookah is the similar to all the hookah places in the Valley but there is a happy hour for hookah from 5-8PM. I go there during that time often. The food is worth the money and so are the drinks.I have my own hookahs at home (several of them) but when I want to wind down from a hard day work, I choose no other place than Azuza Hookah Lounge & Cafe. It's an awesome hookah place with culture, good food, good drinks, and friendly employees. I follow then on twitter and facebook for any specials they may have.Thank you Azuza.
1	Please note I am middle eastern and my expectations of hookah and a hookah lounge are probably very different than a non middle eastern hookah lover.as soon as we walked in we were greeted very nicely. the staff was very polite...no complaints there... my start rating is based on environment and hookah quality. the place was practically empty since it was a random Thursday night. we had three people in my party. we sat at the big comfortable corner, they asked us to move since there was a minimum of 4 to be able to sit there. that bothered me since the place was empty and we wanted to be comfortable. not to mention It was not a smart business decision since my group of three middle eastern women were going to each order one hookah which is more than what a group of non middle easterners would smoke which Is generally one per two people (which is Another rule of theirs.. minimum one hookah for 2 people)the hookah prices were high but I guess that's just vegasmy hookah and my friends hookah had an overwhelming mint flavor. when I told them, they switched the hose out and I ended up with a plastic china hose instead of a traditional hose. not ok for me.they didn't like that I took the foil off the hookah head, but I don't like to smoke like that.the place is not a place to go if you are hoping for a traditional middle eastern hookah experience. i don't want to wrap the parameter of the heads w foil, i don't want to sit on couches that have no backs, i don't want to smoke hookahs that are sitting on top of tables (hard to reach to rearrange coal) and i don't want to taste mint when i order grape... I also don't want to sit in an uncomfortable table and see 3 open corners just cause I didn't meet the minimum requirement of how many people need to be in my group just to sit there. note: the staff really tried and was very friendly.
5	Best Hookah Ever! Food is good, prices are reasonable, n staff is always friendly. I do hookah often n this place is one of the best I've been to..I always go here when I visit Vegas. I love Azuza!
5	I've been a supporter of this hookah lounge for years. The service is top notch. Great music and a very attentive staff.Great flavors. Try the Poms on your Sweet Melon. They also have very nice flowering teas. Just tried the new Thai tea and it is really good!
5	I always stop in here after I eat at Kaizen. This is a cool little hookah place across from the Hardrock Hotel on Paradise & Harmon. The guy the that changes the charcoals puts on a show. He swings the hot coals around and throws them around. I'm waiting for him to catch the place on fire.....just kidding. I haven't seen drop one yet.
5	Staff is super helpful and friendly and they play great music. I ordered two hookahs in a way that would have cost more than had I just ordered a refill, so the manager personally came over to explain to me how I could save some money if I ordered differently. Her hospitality made me of course order an additional dish and an additonal refill. Great vibe for a low key night off the strip - must visit. I smoke hookah all the time but their froot loops hookah is among the best I've had anywhere. Try that and banana kush, you won't be disappointed.
1	The employees here are so freaking rude it's beyond belief. I have never seen an employee yell at a paying customer before. The hookah is pretty good, but it's not worth getting yelled at over.
4	Talk about heavy hand on my crown!  Great service and I would definitely go again! My only complaint is I couldn't use my Yelp coupon for a free flatbread and hummus because they said I had to print it out and bring it in..... however I got it anyways and was really good.
5	This place was great!  Our server Mariah was extremely helpful and attentive.  We had three different tapas split between 2 of us, but we probably could have done with just 2 as the portions were pretty generous by tapas standards.  The food itself was delicious.  I highly recommend the kofta sliders!  We ordered a large pot of the Egyption aliwizah(?) tea which our server regularly kept filled to the brim with hot water without any asking.The hookah itself was the smoothest we've ever had and the staff were great about coming around regularly to knock off the ash.  The flavor itself wasn't spot on (we had 'pumpkin pie'), but it was still pretty good.Would highly recommend if you're looking to take a nice relaxing break from the Vegas strip.
5	We went for hookah and a light meal with low expectations. Little did I know the food would be incredible and reasonably priced. They had a large selection of shisha and were well versed in the different brands.  I loved the fact it wasn't a "dine and dash" and the staff routinely stopped by to service the coals. The only negative was the drink prices, but hey... this is Vegas.
1	While on vacation in Vegas my friends and I wanted to unwind the night at a hookah lounge. Worst decision we made all trip. Lets start out by saying the employees there are horrible, constantly walking by and never once asking if we need anything or checking up on us. When we did finally get service they messed our drink up and had no explanation for the mess up but that they followed the measurements from a book. The bartender comes out and gives attitude but when he seen how mad we were he said he would comp us our drinks next round on the house. The bartender tried playing us for fools, comes out with 4 shots of papaya juice with not one single drop of alcohol in them. At this point we decided to leave, my friends wife goes to pay with the coupon they advertised and the host wouldn't except it saying they no longer advertise on that website even though my friends wife showed her the coupon on her phone and that it was still up and valid. Host responds by just saying I don't know what to tell you but we don't accept that coupon any longer. The entire evening was a disaster and the atmosphere was just horrible!! This would be the last place I would ever step foot in when in Vegas again.
1	I've never tried the food that everyone seems to rave about, but the hookah and the service was terrible. First of all, it is very expensive. To add to the expense, you are required to buy a drink which is nonsense to me. My group of 8 friends had to split their bill by only two separate checks and there's even a smoking fee of $5 if more than 2 people smoke on one hookah. The hookah wasn't that great in my opinion, we ordered 3 different kinds and none of them were memorable. You can barely taste it and most of the time it was harsh. When we went it wasn't that busy yet they only changed the coal for us two times (we had to ask for the coal for one of the times!) and it was harsh most of the time. I got really nauseated after (but that is probably my own fault for smoking when I was getting hungry) and it was almost so bad that I couldn't eat. I have no idea why it has more stars that 1. It's definitely not a place to go as a group. I could see that it would be nice as a couple thing, but I would still recommend The View. I do not believe this is the best hookah lounge in town, it is far from it. It may be Vegas but you can definately find cheaper places like The View, Cloud Nine, Rhumbar....I wish I could have give less than one star
5	We are from L. A. And we have been here first time. They are cool. Nice service.... good job guys :)
5	I have a habit of hitting up hookah lounges in different major cities. It's difficult to find a hookah lounge that doesn't make you run in the opposite direction. This place has to be the best one I have ever been to. Great service, great hookah, great drinks. The lounge is hip, quaint, and clean. They actually understand nobody wants to sit on disgusting cushions, eat off nasty tables, look at walls or ceilings falling apart, and deal with rude service. I highly recommend this lounge. It's not far from the Strip and it won't break the bank.
1	I don't know why I keep giving this place another try... Service is terribly slow. From ordering drinks to getting the check, wait time was too ridiculous. Workers were not attentive. They see us waiting and looking bored but never cared to stop by. They never came by to refill the coals. It's really not that hard to observe your customers once in a while. Also, the free appetizer coupon for first check-in was bogus. During my first time here, the waitress said they do not accept the coupons via phone apps anymore, and I would have to print it out and give it to them. C'mon, how is anyone supposed to know to print the coupon if it's their first time checking-in? Spend your time and money on something else folks.
5	The hookah is the best in Vegas and the staff is very knowledgeable and friendly! I keep coming back here and I would recommend in to anyone who comes to Vegas or locals!
4	Nice chill spot.  A little warm inside.  But easy menu and no rush attitude.  Rayna really helped me out . Will be back.
5	Place is simply awesome. Has a cool and relaxing vibe, best hookah lounge I've gone to so far
5	Every time I come to Vegas this place is a must stop! The Hookahs are the best in the city and Stephen is the GM and if he is here he will stop by chat with you and shows you a great time!  If you don't come by you are losing out!
5	Amazing food! Highly recommend also a great vibe. The food is fresh and satisfying!  Make sure to schedule time, due to the food being fresh, they need time to prepare, but def worth the wait!
5	Great food as well as an outstanding environment. Amazing drink concoction delicious and a lot house made mixtures. Staff was very welcoming with great service they knew every question I had and catered to any flavors of hookah I needed.  It's defiantly a chill relaxed intimate casual place to hang out with your friends. I loved the variety of music they had. I will defiantly be back!!!!!
5	I recently moved to Vegas five months ago, and I am so glad that I stumbled upon this hidden treasure! The atmosphere inside is inviting and makes you feel relaxed almost instantly. It has a laid-back, ska feel to it. The staff is amazing, they all have engaging personalities and seem to enjoy working at Azuza. Each staff member is knowledgeable of the hookah flavors was able to provide us with good recommendations. We ended up trying three different flavors by the end of the night. My roommate and I had a phenomenal chocolate martini type of margarita. (We ordered it that way and the bartender did not let us down!) We even tried shots that had a peach slice to chase it with, something I had never seen before (and I used to be a bartender). It was delicious! (And I rarely say that about shots!) Steven, in particular, is welcoming, friendly, funny, and extremely personable. It felt like we had known him for years! Since I moved out here, I have been looking for a relaxing, "chill" bar like this. Bars and lounges on the Strip are overcrowded, overpriced, and full of blacked out freshly-turned 21 year olds. Azuza Hookah Lounge is a perfect place to escape the extremities of the Strip and just kick-back with your friends over a few drinks, grab a bite to eat, and smoke some tasty hookah. I also need to applaud their great taste in music! The music compliments the atmosphere of the lounge and entices the senses. The music selection also covered a variety of different genres that fit in with the overall ambiance of the lounge. (We LOVED every song that played!)I would highly recommend Azuza Hookah Lounge to anyone seeking out a casual and relaxing place to hangout with friends or family. We will definitely be coming back more frequently!If you are staying on the Strip and just need a little break from it all, it's conveniently located across from The Hard Rock Hotel, definitely within walking distance!
5	Love this place. Great hookah. Great drinks and service. The mint hookahs are the eat. My fave drink that I always get is the horny latte. It's delicious. I seriously could drink those all say. Autum is a great as a sever. Whenever my friends out of town visit we start the night here. It's def a great pregame place.
5	I was trying to find a good place to eat late and stumbled across this joint. Really awesome food and tea. I would specially recommend their sliders and sharing is caring entree. Their mint tea is the best I have ever had. Will definitely come here again
5	As a Vegas local, this place is great. For being so close to the strip they have excellent prices, amazing service and chill music. I love how they are open until 3 on Saturdays as well as the quality of their drinks and hookah. We got the jasmine/mint mix and they gave us ice in base with great coals for free. We sat in the private room for free, which was awesome. The manager, Steven sat with us and would chat and care about what we thought. This is by far the best hookah lounge I've been to, and I highly recommend it.
5	I thought their old location was the best in town. Now being over 21 and checking out this spot my mind has been changed. The music, decor, vibes, quality of product, and service are all top notch. I recommend coming into one of their private rooms to relax and appreciate the chill vibes. Again the service and hookah are great! I got a glass of wine and jasmine mint hookah and have enjoyed every minute. Plus the pricing for being so close to the strip is amazing. I highly recommend this spot!!
5	This place is amazing. I loved the atmosphere and the service. The hookah was delicious and very flavorful. Most of all the GM Stephan was very accommodating and just awesome. He made sure everything was great and really made you feel as if you were welcome and comfortable. I will definitely be coming back.
5	A good mix of people and good times ! Get there early because this spot fills up quick!!!!!  Great drinks and AWESOME food!!! I'm going tonight!!!!!
1	This place doesn't deserve even one star. I am here right now. First of all, we order alfaker double apple with mint and it came with full mint itself. We asked them to remake it and it took them 40 mins to make a new head. The store manager came up and said it is full capacity. WTF, if they can't handle the full capacity, why do they accept the customer until it gets full??? Good interior design doesn't make a good store. What kind of service they provide makes a good one. I don't recommend this place. Very disappointed.
4	Hookahs  were good Music was mellow and relaxing Seating was nice and comfortable Great if your goin to a small place and want something for the moment
4	just came in, so far so good, slow night, its a wednesday, no shyt.... but overall enviornment is well placed. hookah setup is well done to increase the friendlyness/homefeel of the place. recommend to hookah smokers in las vegas.... price is average, $12 base hookahs, $20 for name brands.... alcohol served.. so far so good....
4	I liked this place. Good music, good atmosphere, good choices!  We ordered drinks, they were fairly steep considering the quality of them. Overall it was ok, only because we had already been drinking so it seemed like a good decision. I would have rated this place a 5 star except their service was pretty slow. If I am back into town and in the mood, I'd go back!
5	This place is AMAZING! I have never had such good service in my life, every time me and my boyfriend go in they treat us like family. Their hookahs are great and the food is always on point (try the caprese you will not regret it). This is most definitely one of my favorite places in Vegas. But once again I have to compliment the staff they really make your experience amazing I wish I could give them six stars!
4	Great service, good Hookah, and good food for a decent price. I would definitely suggest this place if you are looking for a chill hookah lounge while in Vegas.
4	Great spot with great atmosphere. The staff was amazing they were soooo helpful and friendly. They kept checking on us and making sure everything was good. I would definitely recommend this place to my friends.
5	This is place is great!!! The food is amazing and most importantly the hookah is one the best I had.
4	I hadn't been to a hookah bar in a long time, and I never would have even thought about going here, but we finished dinner at Ferraro's and didn't feel like going to the Strip. Somehow, we looked up and stumbled upon this Azuza. It was a really great hidden gem!The ambiance was typical hookah bar- Middle Eastern decor, lots of comfy couches, dark lighting.  The hookahs were very good and were serviced regularly. They have a guy who walks around doing tricks with the hot coals, so that was pretty cool. The music was fantastic- top 40/hip hop, which was perfect. Enough to feel like you were having a night out, but not so loud that you can't have a conversation. They even have private/VIP rooms. The seating is comfortable and the service is also good.The only downside is that the drinks are rather pricey, especially since this is not a Strip bar/lounge. I definitely wasn't expecting $15 cocktails here. They were fine, but nothing special. The bathroom also could have been a bit cleaner. We even saw Flava Flav here, so that was a fun surprise!
5	We have been to many hookah lounges, and this is by far our absolute favorite!!! The environment is awesome, and the staff is gorgeous and super friendly!!! Vanity, Libby and Reyna are the best!!!! If you want a cool place to relax and have a great meal, come to azuza hookah!! xoxoxo
5	I'm a local and Azuza is one of my favorites. The hookah is consistently amazing and long lasting, the staff is always friendly and attentive and the atmosphere is really chill. The food and drinks are pricey, but the food comes in rather large portions so it's worth it and if you're with friends you can share. They have a pretty good selection of flavors and the price for a hookah is average. I seriously love this this place! It's perfect to just chill by yourself or with friends.
5	Came here for the 1st time 4 weeks ago and been coming here once a week ever since. Customer service is great as they always check up making sure everything is ok. Recommendation - pineapple bowl, jungle juice base & a tropical mint flavor.
5	awesome place & they play reggae during the day!!! awesome choice of music, good food, and great customer service!
5	I just tried hooka for the first time tonight. The staff was very attentive and gave great recommendations. The decor was dark but didn't feel creepy. I thoroughly enjoyed my experience at Azuza. I highly recommend it!
5	When you first walk in,  it's hard to see inside because the lighting is so dim.  When your eyes adjust you can see that this place is beautiful inside. The service is great and the sheesha is great.  I had the Nakhla  Double Apple. This is a very nice place to relax and have great conversation with friends.
2	Not the best hookah bar I've been to but not the worst either. Staff is friendly unless someone else is there. A little pricey but chill place. Food is served but I didn't try. Just a little small although they offer private rooms but for more money. Most hookah lounge that is standard. They need to expand to get my business again.
5	It is nice place close to the strip , nice service and good flavor hookah I been there twice it is my favorite . I like the decoration is awesome and the friendly host. The music is nice with big flat screen and the seats are comfortable. The variety of hookah flavor and they but cold water with ice I'm it that make a lot of difference if you taste and I recommend the cherry flavor. I strong recommend this place for quote Tate  of hookah. Of you do not have a ride do not worry as the hard rock is just 5 min walking across the street so plenty of taxi there take you back to your hotel.
5	Love the atmosphere.. and the service is perfect. The best hookah in LV. Try the double apple (Alnakhlah), its really amazing!
1	Cool atmosphere over priced to the max .....many neighboring places with a better vibe and better prices . Not recommended
5	This is my favorite hookah spot in Vegas. Whenever I come to town I hang out once or twice here. Vanity and Chris are awesome fun servers. They're so accommodating and friendly!! Today vanity suggested some food options to is and we took her suggestions. No disappointments! Everything was delicious and the portions were generous. Live the Arabic music too! A great spot! (Just a little cold in here right now - burrrr)!
5	Awesome place!  The hookah, food and service here deserves 10 stars.  Libby the manager and Alejandro the server are SO sweet and make this place so much more enjoyable! I look forward to coming here every chance I get.  If you're looking for GOOD hookah, food, service and ambience, you cant go wrong with Azuza.
5	This is our favorite hookah bar in Vegas. The atmosphere is so chill and laid back. We love getting one of the private rooms and just relaxing. The BF really knows his hookah and he loves it here. They are long lasting and come around frequently to make sure all is ok. The service is always on point. We've never ordered the food, however, we might just do that next time we stop in.
3	The ambiance in this hookah bar is great, there are a couple private rooms, and there's a great outdoor seating area, which is where we chose to sit. The planes going in and out of LAS can be a bit noisy, but its not too terrible.The food and drinks were all amazing. Lots of Greek and Israeli fare. Fresh squeezed juice really elevates the cocktails ($12/each, but worth the price).Unfortunately, I can only give this bar 3 stars because the service. At least to the outside patio, the service was practically non-existent despite the establishment having less than 10 patrons the entire time. We waited 20-30 minutes for someone to check on our drinks (we were ready for a second round), but we had to get up ourselves and go inside to order them. We ordered the hummus(amazing), which after not coming out after 30 minutes, we again went inside to ask about and the order had not made it to the kitchen, again despite the low volume of business.The exception to this rule was the "coal fairy" or whatever you call the guy going around refreshing the coals.  He had excellent timing, showing up consistently when we needed new coals.Overall, this bar is worth checking out and is only a 30 minute well-lit walk from Bally's. Maybe pick a seat inside, though, so you can call a waitress over when you need one
5	Azuza!!! dude! i love this place! the peoples work there is so nice and friendly! hookah is awesome! about the foods? their food is just great! go there, order a food doesnt matter! any food! you gonna love it! oh before i forget their private rooms are the best place to chill with your girl ;)
1	works like a strip bar...... we were greeted to sit down on a table of five, after we ordered food we were rudely asked to switch tables, we didnt mind so we asked to be seated in a bigger table since our options were to move to a much smaller table.The owner came over and was worse than his own staff, and demanded we move now since a big shot is coming...Again we said we didnt mind we just needed a bigger table lol... The owner then aggressively told me this table was a mistake by our staff for you to sit here, this was one hour later of us sitting. He then snapped hookah from me and asked me and my group to get the f**k out.So we did politely without an issue, the arrogance of this place left a bad taste in my mouth.Basically if you dont know the owner, dont go! or else someone who knows the owner will be taken care of instead of you.Good Luck!
