4	I've been to this buffet two times now, and both times I really loved it. First of all, it's huge. There are all of these different stations you can go to, including Asian, Italian, and International cuisine (why they can't just say Mexican, I don't know). They have really good churros at the International station - we picked one up for each of our trips to the buffet. I think I like it most because it's spaced out well and you don't have to wait forever in line to get some food, even when the place is really busy. The salad bar is a little small, with the cheese on the other side (I didn't notice this, however, until later) with the fruits, so I thought that was sort of strange, but for the most part, I really like this place.While my last visit to Sunset Station was great, this one ended with the worst stomach ache of my life - something must not have agreed with me. But I still like it. We were debating on going here again or trying out the Palms, but after yelping the Palms, we were convinced this would likely be a better choice. It's not too expensive, either. We went to the information booth to get "boarding passes", which gave us $2 savings at the buffet (boy are we cheap), so it cost each of us $12.00. I really like how there is no smoking in the buffet itself, so that's a definite plus. It's super clean and the staff are surprisingly friendly. Oh! And check out the desserts...there is so much to choose from. Best buffet I've had in Vegas...but I guess that's not saying much since the last one I can remember going to was at Circus Circus (not a good idea) - but still really good!
1	Wow. This place has gone severely downhill. What ever happened to good customer service? I used to frequent this place all the time, but ever since the management shake-up that this place has had since last year, it's been complete shit. Went there today with my boyfriend, hoping to celebrate my birthday with some nice brunch. Waited in an incredibly long queue, which was being processed by 2-3 of the slowest women I've ever seen working... The line was constantly plagued with old people and disabled people budging the line... By the time we got up to the front, we had been in line for quite a while, I was hungry, bitchy and tired of waiting. Some guy came up the line that the elderly/disabled people had been budging in, and stood at the front there as we were going up to the counter to get rung in. The rude woman processing transactions says to us "I'll serve you AFTER this gentleman." referring to the guy who was budging in line. I was not having any of that and said "Look. I've been waiting in line a long time. It's my birthday, I'm hungry, I'm tired of standing, and I've been dealing with people cutting in queue the entire time. This guy is neither elderly, nor is he disabled, so he can wait his turn."She checks my ID, verifies that it IS in fact my birthday, then calls over some rude, bitchy hispanic lady named Michelle. Michelle is an assistant manager, according to her name tag, and Michelle informs me that "President's Club" members are more important than other people who are actually y'know... PAYING for their food... and then tells me that "they will always take precedence over other members LIKE YOU even if it IS your birthday." She then confers with the woman who got her, and says "What are you COMPLAINING about ANYWAY?" I asked to speak to someone above her, as I had never been disrespected so blatantly by anyone in ANY station property, and she copped an attitude and gave me the casino general manager's name. I asked for his contact information so I could not only complain about the poor customer service of this policy that's supposedly in place, but to complain about her poor service as well and her attitude. She wrote down his name on a blank piece of paper and shoves it at me while sticking her nose up. I said "Excuse me? I asked you for CONTACT INFORMATION for him." She wrote down the general casino number and goes "He doesn't check IN with me." Apparently good customer service has totally disappeared from this buffet since the former Feast manager Ira and former GM Sue Ascanio left. The food's also been on a steady decline, but I didn't feel like spending 50+ dollars for 2 buffets elsewhere... Between those issues, I'm going to be taking my business elsewhere and warning people not to waste their money at the Sunset Station Feast... because your money is not as good as someone who spends a few hundred dollars a month in their casino's... even when said person is eating on a comp, and you're actually paying. The worst part of all this? Not the fact that it was my birthday and she pulled this shit, but the fact that with the time she spent being argumentative, rude, and unprofessional? She could have processed me, the guy who was budging, and about 4 other sets of customers. Good job with your management skills Michelle. I think you should look for employment in a McDonalds instead of an atmosphere that is supposed to be professional and courteous. Your piss poor attitude has managed to drive away a once frequent customer... god knows how many others you've run off with your ignorant mouth.
4	I think this is the best buffet in town for the price .. $11.99 for dinner and almost everything there was good. They have a carving station that generally has Prime Rib and Turkey, all your regular buffet fare and also hand scooped Dryer's ice cream for dessert. The only downside is some of the other deserts are not that great but for the price it's nothing really to complain about.Also all of December they have been running BOGO coupons in the Las Vegas Review Journal making this an even better deal.
2	Many unusual items, including menudo and Italian wedding soup, were offered in addition to standard breakfast fare.  I stuck with traditional by filling my plate with fresh fruit and yogurt, an Eggbeaters' spinach omelet with mozzarella, bacon and ambrosia.  Everything was fresh and more than adequate.
2	Went on a Friday.  The price board at the register said $14.99 dinner, but they rang us up at $16.99.  Excuse me?  I pointed this out to the cashier and she explained that it is a seafood feast on Fridays, so the price is higher.  Okay, but couldn't you maybe get special $8 signs made up for your cash registers explaining this?  I mean, it's a minor expense, compared to the millions of dollars you dupe your "customers" out of at the machines every month!Alrighty... you want to charge me more than you're telling me you charge, yet you offer me unlimited crab legs?  You fools!  Now I get even.Seriously, AYCE snow crab legs.  Of course, they're on ice when you get them, and if you want to get them warmed up you have to go all the way to the other end of the buffet to the Asian area where they have a steam box.The set up of the place has changed in the past 8 years since I first ate there, and it is most definitely NOT for the better.  Dessert selections, while tasty, are nowhere near as plentiful or accessible as they used to be.  Now you have to wait in line while someone behind the counter reaches into a display case to get your portion-controlled desserts.  Previously, they were all out in easily accessed choose-your-own-size glorious presentation.Service here was marginal at best.  The foods other than the crab legs were mediocre.  This place has seriously gone to hell in the past few years.
4	Standard buffet issue. Same as the other station casinos-nothing flashy or fancy-but they do have specialty nights here.It was fairly good but nothing spectacular, $10.99 per person. No line was the best part.Prime rib was way too raw but brisket burnt ends saved the day.I would do it again with a 2 for 1 coupon.
4	Very good food and the service is friendly, and quick. It can be pricey but you get what you pay for. The steaks were cook to perfection, very enjoyable evening.
4	In my opinion The Feast Buffet at Sunset Station is the all-round best of the Station Casino buffet offerings. When we are burned out on buffets my wife and I know that Sunset (particularly with a 2 for 1 coupon which we regularly get our hands on) is good value for the quality.  Perhaps it just has what I like, but I enjoy this more than the supposedly higher end Red Rock and Aliante buffets as well as Green Valley Ranch which has, I feel, gone downhill.My wife is a Vegetarian and sometimes buffets can leave her with a depressing plate of assorted carbs - Sunset features an excellent Pasta Station which in itself is worth the price of admission and can really save her from the sometimes sparse vegetarian fare across the whole buffet. I really enjoy this feature also.There's also a self-serve hamburger station, decent Chinese food and well stocked and fresh offerings of all sorts.The only major weakness of this buffet is the dessert section which is very weak except for the icecream.
4	I've been here a couple of times and both times the food was decent. I've never been a huge fan of buffets but this is worth the price, don't expect too much in the way of desserts because I found only 1 thing (the peach cobbler which I put some vanilla sauce and a tad of whip cream) that I liked, but my bf said he liked their bread pudding (I didn't...mine is way better lol) but thinks they may be using texas toast to make it. At any rate for $22 for 2 people for lunch....it's a good deal.
3	Sorry but I have to bump it down a star because they have the same menu for dang near 2x the cost for dinner....I had expected SOMETHING (anything!) to be different, but nope...not at all. Just a note: The food is decent overall, after going a FEW times I can honestly say that, but no matter what, I just can't eat as much as I feel I should and at dinner prices - I almost stuffed myself on purpose! I am looking forward to trying a few new places on my next trip out that way.
4	It was one of the better places to eat at the sunset casino and besides I did not have to pay and if I did it was $9.99 for dinner, not bad for prime ribs beef nite, no line, probably all th casino are hurting for business.. it is really 3 1/2 stars,but since yelp doesn;t let us elect 1/2 stars??The food was way better than seafood night at the gold coast???But you do have to trek thru the old smoky casino to get the feast buffet and for sept they are having a promo to get free buffet, need to earn so many points(like spend$) to eat free for that day??
2	I filled my ample belly with OJ, fresh cantaloupe, ambrosia, easy over eggs, corned beef hash and a tiny spoonful of bread pudding.  Overall, I felt this buffet has slipped a notch since our last visit.
4	An excellent buffet in a locals area of Henderson about 12 minutes from the Las Vegas Strip. I say locals because Sunset Station, the casino that this buffet is located in, actually offers deals to locals that have a players card.Typically, during the off months of the year, this premium buffet will offer player's card specials from food to other perks. This is great because as a local, I go far out of my way to enjoy these perks.I have been visiting Sunset Station and this buffet for many years, even before the full buffet renovation. This buffet now matches in many ways how the Red Rock Casino, another Stations property, buffet is setup and looks. The newer design and buffet choices makes this Feast Buffet one of my tops for Las Vegas based on price, location, ambiance and food offered.Come here ready to enjoy a full food tour from the Asian section, Italian, Mexican, American, seafood, generous salad bar area that's completely free standing and finally the modest desserts area. As with most buffets, the desserts section has several shelves with delectable delights with and without sugar. I have no idea what desserts without sugar taste like, so your mileage may very. There is also an area to request a few scoops of ice cream. It is a mid-grade brand of ice cream that have a pretty good taste, better than you would find at a Supermarket. This is where I removed one full star off from my review. They used to serve gelato, which was way more awesome than standard ice cream.The Feast Buffet at Sunset Station Casino is a great option to go out and enjoy one of the top in the city and it just happens to be a locals favorite too.
1	If you want to remember junior high style cafeteria food then this is the place to be. Cardboard pizza and burgers, taco meat that smells like armpits, and egg rolls filled with rice.... "eeks methink not" is right.There is a reason it is 6.99 for lunch, there is so much salt and artery blockers,  that you will need to save money for the hospital visit.
2	Not worth price
3	We used a weluvlocals.com 2/1 buffet coupon.  This breakfast buffet is one of the better ones in a locals casino and the current pricing, $4.99, makes it a down right steal when combined with a 2/1 coupon.  I enjoyed a breakfast of OJ, skim milk, grapefruit sections with strawberry yogurt, easy over eggs and hash browns.
4	This buffet would have gotten 3-stars if it weren't for the price. After you've eaten at most local buffets, you expect the normal food you'ld get for a buffet. Before, this used to cost around $12 but now, you can find deals like $5. So I'm not one to complain, especially since it's close to where I live.Can't review anything about the service, it's get your drink, refill, and be on your way. It's ok I guess.
4	This is a fairly standard Station Casinos "Feast" buffet. The food quality seems to be just a notch higher than I've experienced at other places, including Red Rock and Aliante. What makes me a fan are the whole bulbs of roasted garlic (YUM) and the fact that they had menudo! Who knows if it was canned menudo or made in the kitchen. It's just one of those little random discoveries that made the dining experience ever-so-slightly better.
2	Boy has this gone down hill!  Went last night and it was a disappointment.  No shrimp or prime rib.  Just chicken and veg and cheap stuff like popcorn shrimp.  The service left alot to be desired too.  My suggestion...spend the extra money and time and go either to Green Valley Ranch or Red Rock.  MUCH better.  If you don't want a locals casino head to the Wicked Spoon art the Cosmopolitan.  Much more money, but worth it.  I wouldn't bother with this buffet unless you get a fr  coupon for a free one.
4	As long as you don't try and go on a holiday (the line is atrocious) this is actually one of the better buffets for locals in Vegas. The place is clean, the wait staff is understaffed but they have heart, and the food is definitely a cut above usual Station Casinos buffet fare. (Green Valley Ranch is better but not by much). When I have visitors come in to Vegas this is the first buffet I take them to. In short every buffet has shortcomings but this is one that has never left me disappointed or thinking I won't come back.
5	I am going to go on the record and say that I love this place. This place is as good as it gets when it comes to local buffets. It's no Wynn buffet, but it caters to locals both in price and friendliness.A few items really make this place great. I'll break it down by sections that I love:Asian: Tilapia/Sea Bass in Teriyaki Sauce, Eggplant, and the Shrimp and Pork Wonton Soup are delicious. I recommend adding chili flakes to the wonton soup to really bring out the flavors.International: Quesadillas and Churros. Now here's the key to navigating the international section -- it's all about the condiments! The salsas are surprisingly tasty (most places underseason their salsa -- that's right salsa needs salt! -- but this place has it down pat). As for the churros, next to them there is a stack of seasonings with cinnamon sugar at the top. GET THE CINNAMON SUGAR! Really makes the churros delighful.Dessert: Two things make this place work -- the coffee gelato and the bread pudding. But here's the thing, I like to tweak these two items. When I am ready for dessert, I ask the server for half a cup of milk, then I get three scoops of gelato and some chocolate syrup and make myself a mocha shake. Kind of embarrassing, but completely delicious. For the bread pudding, like most, I add the vanilla sauce BUT here's the kicker, I top it with the cinnamon sugar next to the churros. Talk about diabetes in the making. A-mazing.
5	Sunset station buffet is inexpensive and very good. CArving station and Mexican and Italian and Chinese area are great. They have real ice cream they scoop as well.
5	This is my favorite lunch by work, and just $7!  Beware the line can be long at prime time, so I go a little early like 11:30.  I love the thai fried rice, roasted garlic bulbs, buttery brussel sprouts, beef brisket with au jus, and terrific seabass baked with cream, cilantro, and tomatoes.  I've never had a bad plate there!
5	This isdefinately my favorite Buffett in The Vegas area. You cannot beat the price. Breakfast is only 4.99 if you have a Station casino card.  I like to come in late for breakfast, so I am able to enjoy the breakfast and lunch.  There is a good variety of foods, but I just LOVE the salad bar. I havent tried anything I dont like there yet.
3	My first buffet in Henderson.  It was decent, a pretty standard buffet selection with Asian, Italian, American and "International" (Mexican) stations to choose from.  I'm a big fan of their brisket.  I should have saved more room for dessert though, because they served real ice cream there!  Definitely the highlight of the visit...I wish I could have been back for more servings.Overall, not as good as some of the buffets on the strip, but it's a fairly inexpensive place close to home.
5	Yup, yup, works for us!  We end up hitting this place once a month on a Saturday for breakfast.  $5 per person with my 3 year old free.  Can not be beat!  Husband wanted to me try a new place ( he has a passion for buffets that can only be atributed to the fact that he did not grow up here) and wants to eat his way through the town.  The other buffet was more expensive and not that much better.  For the price, this place is better than IHOP, Marie Callander's, or Mimi's for breakfast.  Four people for $15, crazy!  Also, they don't care if my 7 year old runs around a bit, as he samples different things!
2	Decent buffet,but lines can exceed 40 or 50 people on a weekday at 1 PM.It's not the Bellagio and I'm not going to wait 45 minutes for a mediocre buffet.
2	Eh...for the price ($10 at dinner with a 'rewards card' that you can get for free next to the buffet instead of paying the regular $14) it wasn't bad but I surely won't be running back. All the food is pretty tasteless/basic and you are really just going to stuff yourself. The line wasn't bad on a Monday evening (about a 10-15min wait) but the food was really unimpressive. I would honestly rather pay the extra $20-30 for a great buffet in downtown. But I suppose if you are a local and are looking for cheap/junky eats it might hit the spot. The pizza was 'decent'. Staff was nice.
3	This buffet is decent but definitely not as good as the buffet at red rock; however, the sunset station feast buffet dinner is slight cheaper compared to red rock and the line is a lot shorter. Dinner is only 9.95 (with station casino boarding pass) at sunset while red rock charges 12.95 for their dinner buffet.Food is quite similar to the red rock one. I noticed they don't offer any sushi here though. But they have the regular stuff like roast chicken, same chinese stir fry dishes, pizzas, pasta, desserts. The dessert selection is pretty good. My favorite is always the canoli and carrot cake. If you don't care for sushi, this buffet is definitely a more budget-friendly choice.
3	Solid buffet. They don't have the exotic stuff but solid and tasty. Really cheap with the Player's card (like 10 bucks for dinner). Everything that a typica buffet offers (prime rib, brisket, and various international stations). I would eat here if in the area again.
3	We had lunch there today. Honestly $7.99 for lunch? You can't beat that.The food has improved since the last time I was there over a year ago. They still need to work on some things. The sweet potato fries were cold. The lettuce in the salad was old. If its the star of the show, use the good stuff!The only danger of going to a buffet is eating too much, I try not to do this but damn, I end up trying a little of everything and ending up in a food coma.The sugar free desserts are good but as always, I get tempted off the eating well trail by my nemesis,canollis, damn cannolis!The service was very friendly. One of the best things about this place, other than the food, is the people watching! I give it a 10, We were sat near the buffet so we got to see everyone and it was pretty damn entertaining..Its a good price for what you get, we will be back....
4	I came here sunday with my grampa we got here about 11 am and there was a good size line.It only took about 25 minutes to get in and seated.First plate-Slice of cheese pizza,little cheros,biscuit,ranch dressing,chicken fried steak,mashed potatos.The pizza was moist and yummy,cheros always a good chose,ranch was good,but the mashed potatos wernt that grate.The chicken fried steak was amazing.Second plate-2 more chicken fried steaks,bread stick,waffle,surup,more ranch,roll,another buis.and some crewtons.The breadstick was bland,as were the crewtons,the woffle was very good and so was the roll.Dessert-brownie,some choco cake thing,1 scoup of mint chockolate chip,1  scoup of vinnilla.Everything was amazing exept for the cake thing wasnt very good.
3	Decent food. A lot of choices. You get a good value for the money. I always leave full. As long as you get there at the right time, it's worth a try. However, if there are more than 20 people waiting in line, I won't waste my time.
5	Forget about Denny's and its ilk. As long as you get here with your rewards card before 11am, you can get an incredible breakfast deal: $4.99. Signup for the rewards card (which we needed because it's 4 people max per card) was pretty easy. The desk is a little to the left of the buffet, in case you're carefully planning your route.I don't normally eat that much early in the day, and I didn't get to a second plate today, but I still felt it was a great value. I basically loaded my plate with protein (scrambled eggs, corned beef hash, chicken fried steak) and potatoes (o'brien, ranchero) along with some other stuff. It went well with a tall glass of orange juice.I definitely plan to come back soon, and I'd love to try the omelet station, the pancakes/waffles/french toast, and the fruity breakfast pizzas next time. The frozen yogurt might not have optimal texture, but at least one of my friends enjoyed it. I'm not sure I'd trust the salad station, and another friend said that the melon fruits weren't good, but just come hungry and follow smart buffet eating strategies (take small amounts to try or else pick can't-screw-it-up food) and you should love it as much as I did.
5	I've been back 2 times since review #1... holy crap, can we get 6 stars up in here? If you go at 10-ish AM (disclaimer: expect half-hour lines) on a non-Sunday and stay for lunch, you can pay only $4.99 and have both breakfast and lunch menus. Last time, I discovered that their lunch menu includes (very fatty cuts of) roast beef, BBQ beef, a decent variety of of other meats that I didn't try, sea bass, and ice cream. The ice cream pretty much kicks the frozen yogurt in the pants, and there's a variety of basic flavors along with caramel and spumoni. It will satisfy if you're not finicky.But I had to talk about today because I managed to explore more of their desserts. Holy crap, they have cheesecake that tastes more real than most Vegas buffets, and cannoli that seems pretty darn good for my first time trying it. Now I'm probably never gonna get to the other desserts. :(Lesson learned: Vegas buffets are only good for crab now. Local buffets are good for your pocketbook and your tummy.
2	I was dismayed to discover the fresh fruit section had been downgraded since our May visit.  My breakfast included OJ, fresh fruit, pre-made huevos rancheros, bacon and potatoes.  I normally assemble my own huevos rancheros, but the cook told me they did not have ranchero sauce.  More likely, he was just too lazy to make the effort to comply with my request.
4	One of my biggest gripes about some reviews is that they expect something magical for a low cost. Is that possible? Absolutely. However, don't go to certain places, like the Feast Buffet at Sunset Station expecting the same experience you would have at The Wynn. It costs $9 on Sunday for brunch my friends. The Wynn costs about $40. You do the math.However, even though this place is not one of those magical cheap eats spots, it is still great. The service never disappoints. The service I've received is friendly and they'll even talk to you when you're sitting there shoving food into your mouth by yourself. Yes, I go to buffets by myself. I am a closet Fatty McBuffetington. Shhh.The variety is decent here as well! Asian station, Omelettes made to order, carving station, breakfast station, Mexican food section and then dessert. I contacted Sunset before going to the buffet and discussed what I could and could not eat since I am gluten free. Obviously, you have to be careful eating at a buffet being gluten free because they cannot promise anything. Since I have been there a few times and know some of the chefs (this just keeps getting more pathetic as I go), they make me Eggs Benedict without the English Muffin. Oh, I could swim in that hollandaise sauce. They always cook the eggs PERFECTLY. Let's move onto the carving station. Oh prime rib and ham.I love their carving station. Prime rib is normally cooked rare with some parts slightly more medium. If you do not like it rare, they will slap it on the grill for you, but please note that a little part of my soul dies whenever someone takes beef and cooks it anything more than medium rare. The ham is straight off the bone, flavorful, and nice and tender. Yum-O.I do not add lots of carbohydrates onto my plate. However, sometimes they have cheesy potatoes and they compliment both the prime rib and the ham quite well.  The mashed potatoes lack flavor, but if you are a little creative, run over to the salad bar, add a little sour cream or a little cream cheese, some green onion (or other green savory veggie) and then sprinkle on some bacon and a little cheddar cheese. Loaded mashed potatoes for the win. Add a little red pepper flake from the pizza station. Speaking of the other stations, let's talk about non gluten free food. I've been to this buffet with friends and family, and they have tried almost everything else at that buffet. The fried rice? Terrible. It happens. The orange chicken is mediocre at best, but maybe its better if you get it right when it comes out of the fryer. Noodles, standard, nothing wild but okay. Beef and broccoli, pretty great. The Mexican food station is also quite decent. Obviously, nothing is as good as the real thing, and I really do despise that they use flour tortillas (dull flavor and they are not gluten free), but hey, it works! I have definitely smothered my egg white or whole egg omelet with some guacamole or pico de gallo to add a little extra flavor. The juevos rancheros normally are one of the few things I've seen left on the plate, but the quesadillas and enchiladas are good for a a buffet.Oh the pizza. I'm a pizza snob, and I know it. I come from Chicago which is a city that loves their pies, so I've had everyone try the pizza out here. Compared to some of the mom and pop pizza joints out here (most of them to be quite honest), Sunset does their pizza right. They have a few different choices, stuffed pizza and oh yes, garlic breadsticks which I have seen devoured in mass amounts. Slather some marinara sauce on those suckers and give Olive Garden a run for its money! Speaking of Olive Garden, I have also heard the pasta is pretty good there! Same with the rest of the Italian food station which has Chicken Marsala, one of my favorite dishes in this whole wide world. They didn't know if it was gluten free, so I did not try it. However, I will ask next time. I'm salivating just thinking about it.So when you go to there for any meal, remember that this is not the strip, this is not the Wynn or the Bellagio, and take everything you eat with a grain of salt. Literally. Enjoy your pretty freaking delicious $5, $7 or $9 meal, leave a tip, and go home with your swollen buffet happy and content. If you want something that is a little finer dinner fare, go to Green Valley Ranch. I'll be there next weekend with my buffet-loving Dad, making every workout necessary this week.
3	They have standard fair, no standouts as far as I can recall. The prices seem pretty reasonable for a buffet of this caliber, though. It can get a tad busy on weekends, so be prepared to stand in line for a bit if you pick a popular time to come. No standouts, beyond the quesadillas and Asian station. Just basic items to be had here. The layout is pretty good, but I would prefer more booth options. All in all, just an all right dining experience.
2	You'd think at a price of $4.99 for a breakfast buffet it would be easy to exceed my already low expectations but you would be dead wrong.At 7:45 AM every elderly person within 10 miles of Sunset Station was already lined up and ready to feed as if it was their last meal. For some of them it may have actually been their last meal which makes it even more pathetic.Everything they served seemed delicious but it tasted like NOTHING. Hash browns, nothing. French toast, nothing. Bacon, nothing. I don't know about you, but I generally like my food to taste like something. The only saving grace of this place is that it's cheap and with my points I ate for free. So technically my meal that cost nothing also tasted like nothing. I guess you really do get what you pay for in the end.
3	During the week the line is usually short. Good selection of food. They have crawdads for lunch, not sure about dinner. I dont think they server crab legs for dinner. There is nothing spectacular but you should find something to satisfy your hunger. Service is good. Clean and inviting. It is a good value if you have the players club card.
1	Date: 03/21/2012 WednesdayTime: 10:08 AMMy intentions were to eat at a breakfast buffet. I arrived at Green Valley Ranch "Feast Buffet" and the waited 48 minutes in line. The cut off is 11:00 AM. So I stayed for the $7.99 lunch buffet,(with the Players Card- Free ) I obtain 5min before standing in line for free.This is certainly a 'Quantity over Quality" place. I did eat at the Fiesta Lunch buffet for lunch, a few days ago. And they are both own by the same owners. This lunch buffet has better ingredients / items, than the Fiesta Buffet, but, it still 'okay" based on my overall experience.The highlights would be the Bass, Tuna salad, and they do have pita bread with hummus and plenty of greens. That alone - I would rate 3.5 or of 5 stars for non-meater eaters or flexitarians.Customer services was okay. More than likely, I won't be returning.Food: 2 of 5 Service: 3 of 5Price: 3.5 of 5---------------8 of 10
2	After reading the mixed reviews here, we decided to give it a try. None of us are picky eaters, but have owned a hotel with food service and know how buffets should/can be. Buffets are meant to serve a variety of foods in a quick manner and must be watched and changed as needed for safety, cleanliness and appearance. We KNOW you get what you pay for and were not expecting a $45.00 buffet. It humors me when I see reviews on here when people expect something for nothing......but I digress.... OK - That said: We arrived about 2pm and expected it to be "ready" for the lunch crowd.Overall the seating areas were kept clean. Our waitress was Very pleasant and came to our table 3 times to see if we needed our drinks refilled and was on time in taking away our used plates. The inside decor and design reminded me of a ski resort or open hunting lodge. Nice, warm colors and well spaced tables. The food was the big disappointment here. We used our casino card and paid about  $8.00 per person. The Rio buffet is $10.00 per person at lunch for locals with their casino card (keep this in mind). This is a current special, so call before you go. VERY WELL WORTH IT . HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!The Feast Buffet does have a medium variety of foods from Asian/American/Oriental and a salad and dessert area.The food brought back memories of a bad high school cafeteria :Rows of dry hamburger patties lined up in trays like tiles, half trays of dry, crusted ravioli that should have been swapped out or at least turned and stirred by the staff. Trays half filled at most stations and badly crusted over.Odd tasting stuffing, almost like it was sprayed with perfume. However, the meatballs in red sauce and the Italian sausage were very good.The dessert bar was just plain disgusting. Sorry. The tiny slices of dry cake, like seen most often in  cheap Oriental buffets, and an unused open ice cream cabinet next to them, that was either shut down or broken and in need of a bad cleaning inside. (clue to staff/owners - drape something over broken/unused equipment.....no one will see what's underneath and looks cleaner!!! Looks are everything!!!)Because of this, I give this buffet 2 stars. It just needs help and is simply not worth $8.00, given the competition here in Vegas. The staff was very nice, the dining areas seemed clean but the food was just poorly managed from kitchen to tray.Spend $2.00 more and GO  TO THE RIO BUFFET !!!! 100S OF ITEMS, FRIED SHRIMP, SEAFOOD DISHES, GREAT BBQ RIBS, ATTENTIVE COOKS/SERVERS BEHIND THE STATIONS. LOTS OF FRESH SALADS....FRESH FOODS, CHOICES OF SORBETS, DECENT ARRAY OF CAKES/COOKIES !!!
2	We dined at this buffet for breakfast and were surprised to discover that prices have increased from $4.99 at our last several visits to $7.99 with no improvement in quality or variety.  I manage to recharge my batteries by consuming fruit, OJ, corned beef hash, easy over eggs, chilaquilles and breakfast potatoes.  I was able to use both a 2/1 coupon from the LVA.  At rating of 2.5 would be most appropriate.
3	The Feast Buffet at Sunset Station is unpredictable. Prior to the New Year, I rated it 4 stars. Their Asian food station including wonton soup alone was a VALUE. Then they decided to replace 3/4 of the Asian food buffet with a Mongolian barbecue station. The problem with the Mongolian barbecue has been a poor presentation with dollar bills spread on the counter where you put your plate. From my observation, it is far less popular than the Asian food station. And in my opinion it looks like filler.     On my last visit I was a hair from giving Feast Buffet 1 star. Owing to the fact that I never gave it 4 stars all the times I went there when it was great, it was the right thing to give it one more try before my review. On the previous visit, the food selection was so poor that I resorted to strictly wonton soup. Guess what? There are no wontons when I keep return to the station. By the way the stations were also filthy. So  I did what I am prone to do when a buffet is a total adomination: resort to filling up on nacho chips. When I tasted stale nacho chips, I tipped the server, and walked out.   Fast forward to today, and I'd give Feast Buffet at Sunset Station  4 stars. At $10 and change, it was very reasonable for a Sunday. The Mongolian Buffet was replaced with 100% of their commendable Asian Buffet. A different person was manning the central station, and there was wonton soup with wontons. I did not have to resort to eating nacho chips.  The Feast Buffet has been unpredictable. Evening out all my visits, I leave my Feast Buffet at Sunset Station at 3 stars
4	The fall from grace might be starting. They don't have prime rib available at lunch any longer. They replaced it with ham.Fortunately, they still have sea bass, as well as my lovely desserts, which are cheesecake and scooped ice cream of many flavors. They also have some interesting Mexican-themed stuff for this month, including a decent healthy-seeming chicken fajita mix and a crawfish selection that my friend deemed sub-par. I would skip the chili because somebody forgot to add any salt whatsoever to it.
2	The only thing I liked about this buffet was the price. Other than that, it was not as good as I thought.
5	Previous reviews on this joint are quite eclectic. It's practically unpredictable to judge yourself if you haven't been there yet but I made my judgment and a good one.Go get a "boarding pass" (player's card for Station Casino(s)) and your buffet rates will be discounted. I went for the Sunday brunch at about $10. For the price, this is probably the best buffet I have ever been to as of yet. Not only is there a large selection but the quality is great. I started with the omelette here and it was very well cooked and the line for the food is organized. I like how the cook took orders in line, that way, she knows who went first and anyone who tries to cut, she boots them off for me rather than me booting them off. Surprisingly, there wasn't prime rib which was a bit of a shocker. Especially since it breaks the Las Vegas buffet norm of serving it. The service was decent. Because there was such a high volume of customers, it was understandably difficult. Especially since they were serving champagne. If I had to take an out of town visitor to a buffet, I would take him/her to this. This buffet is sure enough to make them happy financially and internally.
5	The best breakfast buffet for only 4.99 which includes drinks, same price as a combo meal but a lot more selection and better quality food.
3	I love me some Feast Buffet.  For the money, you can't really beat it.  For those complaining about the quality, please keep in mind that you are eating a $12 buffet dinner.  This isn't Wynn or Bacchanal - but for $12 it's pretty darn good.Lines at Feast can be hit or miss, so don't let that deter you.  The place is huge on the inside and they usually crank through the line pretty quickly.I found the food selection to be above average.  There were some items missing, especially in the Asian section.  This Feast has almost all of the Asian section relegated to stir fry and Mongolian BBQ.  Very few pre-cooked items other than ribs and greasy spring rolls.The one item you must try is the carved turkey.  I got the last nub of turkey before they replaced it with a new one and it was still tender and moist.  Incredible that it was so delicious, and you must try it.  The stuffing was decent and so were the mashed potatoes, but the turkey really stood on its own.I have yet to try the pizza at any Feast buffet, as it always looks rubbery and greasy.  The meatballs are pretty good, although not necessarily the 'freshest' tasting.  Marinara sauce is flavorful enough.And dessert.  The cheesecake is among the best I have had.  Ever.  It looks like it's going to be dense and sticky, but it's really light and whipped.  it truly is amazing.  The mini-eclairs are good although they lose a little from being cold.  The ice cream / gelato selection is huge with some fun flavors (the mint chocolate chip tastes like a shamrock shake).All in all, this is a great value.  The food is pretty good quality for a buffet, and it's even better quality for the price.  As with any buffet, some items are going to be awesome and some are going to miss the mark.  At this price, just keep going back and trying more stuff.
5	Every casino has a buffet. However, Sunset Station is a few notches above the rest. First off is the atmosphere. I love the Tuscan inspired dining hall, topped off with soothing cool blue lighting. When you walk in, you pay at the cashier (make sure you use your rewards card!) and a server then comes to you and asks how many are in your party. Next you are seated and asked what you would like to drink. They keep things neat, orderly and clean here. Love the food stations, they are all well laid out with regards to foot traffic. Utensils are logically placed and the servers are attentive. The food is spectacular, it was all I could do not to gorge. In fact I had to run up to my room afterwards and take a few Tums, I ate so much. Just go already!
5	Back to five stars.They currently have this excellent frittata in the International section. I could probably eat it all day on its own. They also have some pretty good BBQ pork eggs benedict and, surprisingly some pretty nice pizza. It was crunchy, it was fairly thin on the crust, and it had gooey cheese and some nice ham and mushrooms. I also finally tried the grapefruit juice, and I'll definitely be ordering that from now on. It tastes a lot less artificial/strange than the orange juice and is far less overpowering than the cranberry juice.The chicken fried steak almost seemed more like school cafeteria type chicken nuggets. I would avoid it. The bacon is on the salty side, so be aware of that when you're balancing your meal. I continued to avoid the frozen yogurt machine, having instead pancakes and waffles for dessert.I feel like this is always going to be a great buffet because it's always busy, so they keep bringing out fresh food (in addition to the made-to-order omelet stations at breakfast and fresh Asian station at lunch/dinner), and it's a really great value at 4.99 for breakfast (and 7.99 for lunch, 9.99 for dinner). As long as you stick to smart buffet strategy, you can't go wrong with this place for a cheap belt-loosening meal.
1	This is one of the bottom of the barrel buffets in Vegas. I compare it to Hometown buffets. It's steam table food. I don't like that at all. I felt it had been sitting in the back way to long. I ate the corn, Ice Cream and the soda. I know I would have been sick if I ate any of the other food. My stomach is way to sensitive for that kind of food. I'm far from a prude but it's just not good. Having said this I guess you can find something to eat for $10.86 a person but I wouldn't waste my time. Add $10.00 and eat one of the great buffets in Vegas.
3	Located 100 yards inside the Sunset Station casino. Breakfast, 8A-11A, $5; lunch, 11A-4P, $8; dinner, 4P-9P, $10; Sunday brunch, 8A-4P, $10.  (Prices reflect $1 players' card discount.)Lunch/dinner features Asian grill with chicken or beef; pork ribs; soups; hamburgers; carved brisket or turkey, pizza, Mexican dishes, salad bar. Roasted garlic cloves, yum! Salad bar OK but is contained in a low-height cabinet; if you're tall like me you'll have to seriously contort your body to get at it.  Gelatos, frozen yogurt for dessert.  Lines can be long unless you have a handicapped placard or premium level players' card.
4	Sunday Brunch is the ONLY reason to come!Brunch is from 8am-4pm on Sunday only!  Cost, $9.99 with players boarding pass, and if you are a local and get the monthly mailer from Sunset Station, you have a few buy one get one free buffet coupons, making it really only $5.00 a person for all you can eat!  not too bad of a deal!  we have only really waited in line once, and normally show up between 9am-10am and wait only 5 min... maybe!  A HUGE plus for the brunch..... FREE MIMOSAS!!!!!!  They took the free mimosas away for a while, but as of yesterday, they were back!  My fav is the hand made omelet station.  They have two people making them at separate sides of the buffet, but i always have Ricardo make mine, he is amazing and seems to always remember his customers.  He is on the Asian station side, the other person is next to the desserts.  Its a great deal, and every time my family is out here to visit, we always have Sunday Brunch!
2	The service at this Feast Buffet makes the GVR Feast Buffet seem like a 5 star restaurant in comparison!  First of all, this one also has the ridiculously long breakfast lines that, when you're hungry, feel like they're taking a year to get through.  Drink service isn't nearly as good as at Green Valley.  I asked for whipped cream in my hot cocoa and they told me to get it myself from the dessert bar.  Really?  And they don't have the same things as GVR.  I went to get a bagel and they only had the mini ones.  I guess that's why GVR is more expensive, but I'll drive a little further and spend a couple of extra bucks next time if I really must have breakfast buffet.
2	I almost gave it 3 stars just so I could use the word "meh" in my review.  We went for a work luncheon.  I don't know how sitting at really long tables and periodically getting up for food was supposed to bond us as a staff, but, hey, I'm a "go along" girl.  The food was mediocre to salty.  The desserts were easy to resist, which I appreciated.  We had a rather large group and really should have had at least one server assigned to us. We did not. Maybe, the group is known for being bad tippers.  I didn't go last year, so this may be the reason. However, when the best thing about a buffet are the beverages, you should get asked if you want any more beverages. it wasn't awful and in the spirit of "going along", I would go again, but I would rather not.
1	It was hard for me to give this place only 1 stars as I have been coming here for years. It has progressively gotten worse. I actually hadn't gone there for a long, long time and just went recently with my wife and remembered why.It's funny when people try to get you to try something and they tell you it tastes like chicken. "Frog legs? Tastes like chicken!" "Squirrel? Tastes like chicken!" well on this night my chicken tasted like fish! They had obviously fried the chicken in oil that was used to fry something else. The Mac & Cheese had broccoli bits in it and tasted like broccoli! That is ridiculous! Boiling pasta in water that was used to boil broccoli! STUPID and low class!The food is OK. Not great, but not the worst either. I've actually noticed improvements from my last visit. many things (tags and plaques) are miss labeled, which I find to be a huge "no-no" at a buffet. The service is why I give it only 2 stars. Several unmotivated servers with no personality makes it hard to enjoy your meal. Especially when you are spending most of your meal trying to flag them down just because they don't bother to stop by and ask how you are doing. My server on this last visit came to ask for our drinks, as I turned to look at him and order my drink he looked away and NEVER made eye contact with me. This is cause to not be trusted in my book. I never trust someone who can't look me  in the eyes even if only for a split second. After bringing our drinks I wanted to ask for more napkins, but he walked away too quickly and my  mouth was full. I then spent several minutes with a tag team effort between me and my wife trying to flag him down. We could have just as easily walked over to the drawer and grabbed some napkins but this is what he gets paid to do. Here's my problem. I consider myself to be a generous tipper. I don't go by percentages. On a $20 meal I would have tipped this guy maybe $6 or $7 which is at least 25%. More than most people tip at a buffet. The no eye contact issue knocked a couple bucks off, and the hunting down and waving knocked a couple off. In my first ice tea I had a lemon though I wasn't asked. In the second I had no lemon. Very inconsistent, I could care less about the lemon, I'm not one to make a scene. By the time we left he ended up with a $2 tip which my wife said was too much. I could not leave without tipping since he didn't piss me off by any means, he was just unfriendly. Either way... unless someone invites me to Sunset Station Feast Buffet and I can't get out of it by suggesting another location, I will never eat there again. Sorry Sunset Station.
2	After reading reviews for this feast buffet, I was prepared for it to be mediocre. That is exactly what it was. For ten dollars....I would go back. Some highlights:Salad bar was fresh and had great wet saladsTerriaki chicken thighs in Asian stationed were juicy and flavorfulMy man recommended the fried chicken from the American station and I like the Collard greens and creamed corn.Italian station can be avoided nothing special but did like the meatballsHighly disliked the dessert station all my choices were super old and to dry or too soggy. Stick with ice cream!Our service was good. We are gonna try breakfast next.
5	My favorite buffet! Sunday morning brunch is the best $6 who could beat that???and Mimosa's too!And if you join their rewards program you can get discounts everytime you come. My all time favorite dessert is located in here, banana bread with Carmelized syrup.. Sooooo amazing
5	The best part is the buffet on a Saturday night was only $9.99!They had Asian, Italian, and American food. Everything was great, however my husband did not like his tilapia fish. They had soft serve ice cream and hand scooped, even Spinoni. We only waited about 15 mins to be seated and our waiter was very efficient and nice.
1	Well I at least had to try one of these things once. Good thing it was lunch and I didn't waste more money. Living over here by the Galleria, there just isn't a lot of good selection for restaurants. I was REALLY craving mashed potatoes and some sort of home/american cooking. I thought surely they couldn't ruin mashed potatoes and I could find some basic meatloaf or something. Hurm, so much for thinking...Cost - I'm not really cheap so the price wasn't that much but I was annoyed that it says everywhere $7.99 but when you get to the register they tell you it's $11.99 without one of their cards. WTF? Well charging me an extra $4 does really endear me to want to stay-and-play.Wait - I really felt like I had to wait in line FAR too long for a Tuesday lunch. The place wasn't packed but it probably took 15 minutes to finally get through and "sat." Food - First off the selection wasn't that great. They had stations like "International" which amounted to quesadillas and "Italian" that was stocked with pizza and a few meatballs. I mean for crap's sake. How expensive are noodles anyhow? The "American" area had mashed potatoes but they were runny. I don't know how talented you have to be to mess up mashed potatoes. Again there wasn't much selection and the ham was a bit dry. Almost everything else I taste was just BORING BORING BORING. I know they are cooking for masses but seriously, you could try a LITTLE. I can pretty much guarantee that unless I get drug here by someone else, I will never go back. It just helped remind me of why I HATE eating at casinos.
3	The service here is very mediocre. so is the food. The only good thing about this buffet is the price its a lot cheaper than the buffets on the strip, but you get what you pay for.
3	The food is alright (not a lot of options), the service is better. Its an easy option to feed us both with whatever we want when we cant agree. The dessert all tastes the same though.
1	This buffet was a $20,000,000 error!In the past this had always been a favorite place -- especially to take visiting friends and family, however, this evening I was very disappointed. Here's my story:Arrived at 4:16pm and was surprised that there were zero others in line. This should have been a red flag, as the Feast Buffet was always packed. I was informed by the cashier that they were serving dinner at $9.99 per person. I paid for two and we were seated.My primary complaints are as follows: 1) Food quality is MUCH lower than on previous visits. It is obvious that most of the food is frozen-TV-dinner-entrees.2) Food not served at the proper temperature. Many items were luke-warm, including: green beans, mixed vegetables, meatballs, egg rolls, spare ribs roasted potatoes and sweet & sour chicken. Actually, just about everything I tried was not hot enough. Sliced roast beef was so tough it could not be chewed.3) Cost cutting measures that destroy the dining experience. A great example is in the Asian food area, where they offer only one entree (sweet & sour chicken) but there are 5 different starches. White rice, brown rice, fried rice and two types of noodles)4) This should have been #1... All of the food was old, stale and left over from lunch.5) The desert bar was a wreck! Ice cream was melted to slush and the cookies were as hard as rocks! There were some one-inch squares of cake that were stale and flavorless.As a manager, I feel this buffet is a total failure. The original idea of a buffet was to over feed people so they play blackjack and slot machines until they are able to walk again. In my case most of the food was inedible. I must also question the savings when so much food is thrown away because it could not be eaten.Advise to managers: Hot food hot; cold food cold! As for the $20 million error... It will take that much -- or more -- in advertising before I even consider returning to any Station Casino property.UPDATE: In addition to this review, I had posted a comment on their Facebook page. That comment was given the standard copy-paste reply to contact someone else, and I did -- however, the gave me the wrong email address. Posted another comment about not getting a reply and was given the super-secret-correct email address. A week ago I resent that email, and have yet to hear from them. With that said I will downgrade to a single star based on the fact that corporate customer service is every bit as good (read: "horrible") as the buffet.
2	I was very disappointed in this buffet. There was no dish that was that good. A lot of bland and flavorless options. Spend the extra few dollars and go to Green Valley Ranch.
4	cheap and food not bad. i rather pay the cheap price to get sth that worth the money.... better than i pay over $40 to have buffet at bellagio just for the crab legs
3	Buffet was great. If u sign'd up for one of there club cards u got it at a great price. All the waiters were nice and smiled at u while taking ur drink order and checked on us frequently. Food was great had everything I liked on the buffet and then some. I never got to make it to the dessert station. I be back for that tho.
3	It was unusually busy for a Tuesday morning, but we only had a short wait before being seated in the remotest section of the room.  There was not much in the way of fresh fruit other than unripe watermelon and honeydew which I topped with strawberry yogurt.  In the past I have assembled huevos rancheros at this buffet, but I was informed that the required rancheros sauce is no longer available,  After much whining and gnashing of the teeth, I ended up with easy over eggs, corned beef hash and bacon.  The hash and bacon are among my Las Vegas guilty pleasures since we almost never have either at home.  The overall quality of our meal was more than acceptable and a step up from the Firelight buffet at Sam's where we dined earlier in the week.A rating of 2.5 would be more appropriate.
3	This buffett was much better years ago.  I went on a Saturday night with the pass, only $11.99.  For that price you can't complain at all.  The taste of the food could be better and better selection as well.  They have prime rib and turket at the carving station and the pizza was the best.
4	Had dinner on weeknight with a party of ten here recently.  It was fairly busy but wait time in line and to get a table for our large party was less than ten minutes.  Food was surprisingly not too bad quality wise.  I was happy they had sesame balls (Buchi) that were just deep fried and split pea soup. .that's rarely served in restaurants. The salad bar had variety of pasta salads but was lacking in fresh fruit. All the stations were clean and well maintained everything was hot. IM NOT a fan of buffets in the first place so I checked the SNHD inspection record of this place first and was relieved to see not only an A grade but ZERO demerits.Staff did great and kept up with keeping our glasses filled and our tables cleared.  Our out of town guests were impressed overall. Spent less than $90 with players card and 2/1 coupons. .great deal for feeding 10 people. Overall I was happy that dining here turned out to be good choice to make and won't hesitate to suggest the Feast Buffet at Sunset Station again.
3	Went Sunday night, and the prime rib was excellent! Melted in your mouth. Everything else was standard buffet fare high in carbs and preservatives, but the prime rib alone was memorable.
4	I had the Thanksgiving dinner and breakfast the next morning.For thanksgiving dinner I had to wait in line for almost 90 minutes.  The food was basically average casino buffet.  There was not much selection in the salad bar or dessert bar.  The ice cream was good.  The prime rib was tender and juicy.  The asian station stir fried for you fresh, just put in the vegetable selection and tell the chef what kind of meat and what kind of sauce you want.  I had the kung pao sauce which was good.  The chef was actually Chinese.  I like the menudo soup.For breakfast, I was glad I came early, there was almost no waiting.  The omelette that they made in front of you was so good.  The others were average.Overall, decent food with a low price if you had the player's card.
3	Hmmm...I always have high hopes for a buffet but then it seems many are just mediocre.  This buffet falls in that category.  The Asian station had good ma po tofu...not a whole lot of flavor but fresh.  The salad bar was fine but again it was just getting by with romaine lettuce and a mixed iceburg lettuce selection (nothing exotic here), standard ranch, blue cheese, thousand island, or Italian dressing and some tired croutons.  The Mexican station has some flavorful refried beans but nothing else really packed a punch....such is the problem with a buffet.  Lacking in flavor and leaving you full of bland food. :(  If you have a coupon or discount I might try it but nothing remarkable IMHO.
1	ACK. I've been to a lot of "Feast" buffets, considering I am indeed a Vegas local, but this one in particular was horrendous! I am not sure if it was just that night or if this Feast buffet just is bad in general, but yikes.Customer service: Let's start out with one thing, when someone asks you a question, you answer it, you don't reply with something random that wasn't asked. When we walked up to the front we asked the cashier if they offer a military discount, he replied, "We offer a discount Boarding Pass members, you can go get a card over there" (and he pointed). Uh, well, my husband didn't ask you about your boarding pass card (I know, I have one, I've had one since 2006), he asked you if you offer a military discount. So we walked over and got a stupid card because we were with my MIL and FIL. Two cards = discounted buffet for four people. BY THE WAY, we also ate at the SAM'S TOWN buffet three nights before this and they gave my husband a discount when they saw his military ID without him even having to ask.Not done yet, so we get back in line and wait now that we have our Boarding Pass cards, and as we go up to the cashier, two people cut in front of us and she allows it. We moved up a little closer so we wouldn't get cut again and the cashier loudly and rudely tells us to "STEP BACK, MOVE BACK" (no please, just ordering us instructions). The food was pretty horrendous and considering it was Saturday night I expected it to be better. I had a slice of beef and some peel-n-eat shrimp, everything else was blah. PLUS I had stomach pains the same night we ate here while I was laying in bed trying to sleep. Was it the buffet? Possibly. Overall I am really displeased with the Feast Buffet at Sunset Station. My parents, and myself have often gone to the Feast Buffet at Boulder Station, which is closer to our home, and it is much, much better than this one, especially with their customer service.I suggest the Feast Buffet at Sunset Station teach their cashiers to have a bit better customer service and learn to LISTEN to what the customers are asking rather than just blurting out commands to go and get a Boarding Pass card to get a discount.
3	I haven't been to many casino buffets in Vegas but this was one just in the okay spectrum. It's super cheap if you have a players card, which is free so why not, right? About 11 dollars a person. If you don't have a players card it's about 14-15. The variety of food is good. They have different stuff from diffent parts of the world like a majority of places out here. The night my husband and I went, however half of the food looked like it had been sitting out for quite some time, un stirred. They have a make your own stir fry section which was awesome but their dessert selection was kind of lacking. This doesn't really bug me since I'm not a dessert fan.Overall: It had a variety of food but it's presentation left something to be desired. It's service was typical buffet, and the food wasn't "amazing." It is, however cheap to eat at with a players card. Probably won't go back but okay to try once.
1	Denied Boarding Pass Discount because my players card was expired. An expired players card? Really? Considering every other Stations Property accepts it AS DO THE MACHINES THAT TAKE MY MONEY, yet a Cashier, someone that is supposed to represent the Customer Service level established by the Ferttita's, denies it like it is a credit card. Yeah, you are actually going to make me go get another card, for a Dollar discount.So I went and purchased my Breakfast and made my sports bets at another Casino!I well NEVER come to Sunset Station again to spend a dime. Im sure the Management doesnt give a shit as they wont miss my money, so Ive been told.
2	Compared to the feast buffet at Red Rock this one sucks. Good points for service, overall quality and selection are disappointing.
2	We are seated in the back on the far right near the trash or something.  The stench back there was awful and I was thoroughly upset at the poor food quality. We spoke with the manager and told him about the service & the poor quality of food he said he would talk to the chief. I guess we'll have to try again some other time. Maybe when Dinner is FRESH.
4	I'm not a huge fan of buffets; I think they're kind-of a guy thing, but I loved this one. Breakfast is the best time to go. It's cheap and the omelettes are excellent! I really like that the food is separated by culture. They have an Asian section, Mexican, Italian, American, etc. Every time I've been it's been busy so there is a wait, but the staff is very efficient so it's quick.If you're  local you can buy a station card and get a discount :)
3	As far as the food goes, it is pretty standard buffet stuff.  But, if we're looking at what you're getting for the price, its not too bad.  If you're a Station member then the breakfast is only around $5, so that's usually what I go for
3	i come here about once a month. I only come when i have a discount though. Otherwise I don't feel its worth the drive unless its practically free to eat there. My husband is never thrilled in the least bit when i suggest it. The food i very very very hit or miss.
3	Let me start off by saying that most station casino buffets are about the same and offer similar foods. I didn't go in thinking it was like bacchanal @ Caesars. I just wanted a good and cheap brunch buffet near home.On a Sunday afternoon for the brunch buffet, it came out to $14.99 per adult. For brunch they offer the basics but with certain breakfast foods. They have an Asian section, Italian, American, intercontinental (Hispanic food and breakfast food), salad bar and dessert. The breakfast food was actually pretty good. The French toast and mini pancakes were hot and sweet. I also had some beef chili which I wouldn't recommend. It was very bland and oily. The Asian section had quite a bit of variety. They had pad Thai, BBQ char sui, mapo tofu, Singapore noodles, etc. Unfortunately it all tasted average and it wasn't very hot. Desserts were also the classics: carrot cake, apple pie, cookies, etc. I noticed most ppl got ice cream on a cone to go. One thing I liked the most was the atmosphere. It was clean and very open. Kind of unexpected from a casino so old.Tip: if you want even cheaper, go sign up for their rewards card and you can get Sunday brunch for $9.99 (other days are cheaper too). It doesn't hurt you to sign up either. It's just a rewards card that's meant to entice locals and gamblers.
1	Went to the "Feast Buffet" @ Sunset Station for what they advertised as a "Mother's Day Champagne Bruch". I Called on Saturday to find out what hours the "Champagne Brunch"actually ended.  I was told "All Day"...I said Champagne Brunch ALL DAY? They said "YES. ..8AM -9PM MOTHER'S DAY CHAMPAGNE BRUNCH". So we got the abou 4pm..waited in line for about 45 minutes. When we were sat & I ordered Champagne they said "There is no champagne." This is after paying over $100 for 3 adults & 2 minors. The waiter said they were out..." no more". I Then asked the front entrance staff who said champagne ends at 4pm. The HUGE sign in the front of the Buffet ALSO said Mother's Day  Champagne Brunch...all day. I then asked yo speak to a manager. ..told him my issue..he walked up to the huge sign & said. .."Champagne ends at 4."  The sign is wrong. It ALWAYS ENDES AT 4". I then pointed out that it was a HOLIDAY/MOTHERS DAY & told him I had called ahead as well, and was told "Mother's Day Champagne Brunch all day...he wanted to know THE NAME of who I talked to. Then he was making up excuses as he went.            1. IT'S 17.99 ANYWAY           2. THE CHAMPAGNE IS                COMPLIMENTARY..NOT INCLUDED               IN THE PRICE. (  WHAT !??)           3. THE SIGN IS WRONG.           4. YOU COULD'VE TALKED TO A "MAIN HUB"...whatever that means..they addressed me by name when I called Sunset Station..so Not a hub..jerk.So hear I am "The Mom on Mother's day" getting the "Too bad for you...go away attitude." By now my husband had realized what's going on and also want's an explanation.  The same clueless bald guy manager comes over so we asked for HIS manager...so here comes another guy spouting the same REHEARSED EXCUSES..didn't care AT ALL about us,  our problem...NOTHING. I  told them and now I am telling all of you. I will NEVER go back to The Feast Buffet at SUNSET STATION. We came for a special day and I was do upset at how we were treated that I could BARELY eat. The food was s 4 out of 10. The selection 3 out of 10. The waiters & waitresses are the best thing about this place.  But something tells me from the way we were treated that they probably aren't treated great either. Bottom line here. I got 2 glasses of Champagne that were very readonable & tasted for good $ 3.74 each.....BUT it's the point that they advertise one thing...get you there and then say. ..basically. ..YES, WE MADE S MISTAKE,  WE ARE NOT GOING TO MAKE IT RIGHT & TO BAD! YOU ALREADY PAID! VERY POOR MANAGEMENT.
3	Best value in Las Vegas. .Henderson.  good selection. .good food. Not 5 star..3 and half stars. Get your free players card. The only non fast food for $10.00.   (If you can call fast food ..food) I  would like to thank the casino for veteran's Mondays in May. Half price and/or 2 for 1. Hard to beat. You can even save a few dollars more by arriving before 4...lunch pricing ends at 4,
2	I noticed after this visit just how much the price has changed when it comes to a brunch buffet. Generally brunch costs more than breakfast, lunch or dinner, but not here at the Feast Buffet at Sunset Station. Brunch on Sunday runs around $9.99 (same price for dinner during the week) with a players card. After being seated I noticed how dirty the highchair was that my nephew was in. I'm talking all sorts of food on either side of it. I cleaned it up with some wipes his mom had with her, but this highchair looked like it hadn't been cleaned in a while. Our server was great and checked on us often. Even with the big group we had at our table she kept the dishes cleared and brought us refills without us ever having to ask. They brunch buffet has the usual stuff. Different breakfast and lunch option at the same time. I walked by the pizza as it was coming out so I figured that was a good time to get some of that. It tasted OK, but definitely tasted like a frozen pizza that was made. They do have a pizza oven right there and you can watch it cook, but it wasn't anything I'd ever go out of my way for. The bacon was hard and tasted microwaved. Scrambled eggs weren't bad or the mini waffle I had. The hash browns were a soggy mess with some burnt crispy parts. I did enjoy the mac & cheese even if it tasted like Kraft deluxe. The breakfast sausage looked good, but tasted nasty. I brought back an assortment of desserts for our table to try and they were terrible! All of the pastries were hard which was a disappointment. I will say that the salad bar had a lot of options including fresh fruit and it all looked good. I enjoyed what I had from the salad bar area much more than anywhere else at the buffet. This buffet could use many changes and isn't really worth it until then in my opinion. Kids 2 and under are free.
3	Food and service great!  Price was a hidden charge, but at least they tell you when you pay before you sit down to eat.  It's a $5.99 all you can eat breakfast, but if you don't have their "player's card" program, they add $3/person.
4	Located in Sunset Station Hotel Casino. This is one of the better bargain buffets. everything was fresh and the coffee was good (trust me this is an issue at some buffets, you know who are) It's not a destination but if you are there stop in. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
1	Didn't like this buffet. The tables and chairs were filthy and the food all seemed like frozen food that was microwaved. I even had a BOGO coupon and still didn't find the buffet here worth it. What happened the Stations buffets used to be better than this?! I remember a larger selection of desserts in the past compared to the mostly sugar free desserts they had during my visit. The prime rib even lacked flavor. Just not worth it for me.
5	One of our fav places when we don't feel like cooking! Never a long line, food is good and changes frequently! The service is always fast and friendly!
4	We come here a couple times a month and love the service and get recognized for being regulars wich is cool! Food can kinda be a hit or miss but over all pretty good!
2	We arrived here on a Sunday morning for brunch, before we left Vegas to go back home. The service was a bit lacking and the labels for food were just plain odd at times... like a sign above the green jello that said applesauce. The roast beef was there from the day before and so overcooked they could have made shoes with it. They replaced the soft serve vanilla with pumpkin... don't mess with artificial vanilla soft serve, it's a classic! The breakfast selection was good but oddly simple scrambled eggs were missing (you had to line up at the omelette station to get scrambled eggs.
1	To my understanding, buffets fashion all you can eat and all you can drink. Even if it isn't true for the drink part, I would expect a glass of water with every plate of food.  As of now I've finished one plate of breakfast food, one plate of fruit and got a third dish with just a bagel hoping that my server brings me something to drink. A porter just cleared my table of empty plates and cups and still no maintenance visit for a refresh on my drinks. This is the second time in two days that I've gotten really bad service from the brand that used to be the best for employment. It doesn't look like people who work here now like their job anymore. Btw, I'm still waiting for my drinks. The manager and host I had reminded before I got my fruits, probably also don't care.I'm also dropping my two star review to one, because it looks like I'm not gonna get my glass of tap water.
1	They have a large variety of food, but recently the quality has taken a serious nose dive. We were there last night and there was more fat than meat in my slice of brisket. Disgusting. The potato pancakes were burnt, the biscuits hard as hockey pucks and the only cooked vegetables we could find were beets cooked with apples. Yuck. Even the pecans on my slice of pie were burnt and the filling was dry and rubbery. We will not be going back anytime soon.
4	Decent buffet food and a bargain price - huge bargain, especially if you have coupons (and definitely have a player's card).  Options are what you'd expect from Sunset Stations including decent Mexican and good pizza. They seem to have more options than the top-rated GVR or Red Rock.  Two examples: at GVR, they had two types of pizzas out, cheese and pepperoni.  There was something like 5 at Sunset.  Another example, soup: at GVR, they had two.  At Sunset, they had 2 and chili in the salad bar, but then more at each station, for example posole at the Mexican or hot and sour at the Asian. They will do a to-order stir fry in the Asian area, but seldom do people utilize it. It's like a secret menu.  Remember two decades ago when people lined up for 20 minutes to get the Mongolian Barbecue at Rio?  No line here. Nor do people use the pasta station much. For the price, the food is very well done.  I don't hesitate to stop in.  4 stars, I'm a fan.
2	I went to this buffet for my graduation dinner. I was very impressed that the hostesses were prepared about the 15+ people that came and joined me to celebrate this special occasion with me. They were fast and efficient seating us. Food. It was great!!! I would definitely come back BUT on a different night! There were so many options and good flavor. I tend to lean towards the prime rib - awesome!! Service. It could have been better. The waitress that took care of the party was great! She was very attentive and helpful. I used to be a local in Vegas and knowing about customer service because I used to be a waitress it's a hit or miss. When my friends and I got up for seconds, one of the employees who cut the meat was being extremely rude to my friend until I came up behind her and he immediately changed his attitude. Once we got back to our table another waiter approached us and said "we close in 5 minutes. Okay guys? 5 minutes!!" And walked away. He was extremely rude.  I barely had time to cut my cake and serve it to everyone. At the end I was very appreciative with the waitress we had, she did an exceptional job. Not sure if I will ever come back or recommend this buffet to anyone.
