2	This place recently opened near my house, and I love good breakfast food, so I was hoping for it to be excellent.  The first thing I noticed when being seated was that the silverware at our table wasn't entirely clean.  Not a good start.Overall there weren't too many people in the restaurant (4 or 5 tables while I was there), and there seemed to be quite a few servers.  Our drink order was taken quickly, but took a while to fill.  I got a coffee, and asked for cream when it came out, which also took longer than I would have expected to get.I ordered "Corned beef hash", and when the food came out, they brought me a "Corn huskers", which is apparently another dish with sausage instead of corned beef.  They took the dish back to resolve the issue and apologized for the mistake.  When it came back out, I am pretty sure they just exchanged the sausage with corned beef on the plate, but since part of the dish was eggs over easy, by this time the eggs were cold.  The dish came with toast, which did not come out with it (Even with the delay), and I feel like if I didn't remind the server, I would not have gotten (Although I could be wrong).  There was also hashbrowns and the corned beef.  Neither were bad per-say, but they were both definitely on the bland side.I feel like each of the issues I had with this place were small, and could have easily been overlooked on its own (Except maybe the bland food, but I could have tried something different).  The problem was that there were just SO many of them.  The one redeeming factor about the place was that everyone was very friendly.  When the one redeeming factor about a place is not the food, it is hard to justify giving it another try :(.
2	Another location of this restaurant chain has gotten some good press in the newspaper recently, so when this location opened, I was eager to try it.  Overall I was dissapointed and won't be going back.  Their real coffee is weakish and slightly acidic.  Their decaf coffee was better but also weak.  Eggs are pale and bland.  Hash Browns have nice appearance but are also bland.  On the bright side, Biscuits and Gravy are good, with buiscuits being fluffy (a rarity).  Service is excellent and the atomosphere of the place is nice and bright.
1	I'm dying for another good local breakfast place in Chandler.  I had high hopes for US Egg, but I can't recommend it.  The food was bland(not in a good way) coffee was weak and the service was slow.  I'm sticking with The Good Egg or 24 Carrots.  Even Mimi's is better (I'm not a fan of large corporate restaurants).
4	Living in Ahwatukee there are not many places for a good traditional breakfast.  IHOP, Denny's, Crackers (Tried to kill us literally) so I am setting my bar low. I have been in three times and all three were pleasant experiences.  The first time I ordered OJ and the protein pancakes.  The OJ was not fresh but it was fine.  The protein pancakes were excellent.  Service was slow for the drinks but fast for the food.  Everything was warm and cooked well.  The second time I went with two friends and ordered the two eggs breakfast with wheat toast.  The eggs were perfectly cooked as were the hashbrowns.  Both could have used some more salt and pepper but I was able to add that.  Service was good, a little slow but manageable. The last time I went with my two kids and husband.  I ordered the same breakfast as above and it was good.  The place is brand new and clean.  My biggest complaint is the uniforms.  I am all for trendy but the tight. short shorts need to go.  My waitress shorts should not be shorter than her apron.   Jeans would be much more professional.  Compared to my others options this one is rated on top.  Also the last two times I have gone the place has been crowded.  I think they are working out the kinks of being new and this will be a good breakfast place.
5	My mother and I went to this new location to celebrate her birthday. We frequently eat at the location on Mill and Baseline to celebrate various holidays with family. i.e. birthdays, graduation, easter, etc. The location off of Mill is quite small so we were excited to see how open and modern this new location was designed. Upon arrival, we were greeted cheerfully and seated right away. Our server was very friendly and chatty, but in a good way. She took our drink orders right away and brought us back out beverages and pitchers to refill our drinks as we please. We ordered pumpkin waffles and the california benedict. The pumpkin waffle was heaven on earth! I recommend opting for whipped cream with no syrup. You won't be disappointed! And as usual, the california benedict was amazing. It's eggs benedict with bacon, avocado and tomato... so flipping good. At the end of the meal, the server even offered to-go cups for drinks. I always think this is a nice gesture.I will certainly be coming back to this location and would recommend giving it a shot.
4	I had not gone out for breakfast in a long time it seemed... So I knew this spot had just opened and wanted check it out. I arrived to a really busy restaurant and was seated pretty fast... I was greeted by my server Sam with a smile plus she was really helpful with giving me tips on what to order. I ended up going with the Meat Lovers Skillet half and half that means half skillet and two Protein Pancakes. I rate the experience as followed...Meat Lovers Skillet - BProtein Pancakes - B   Service - A++I would say this is a great place to eat... I will be back for sure I saw other things I want to try off the menu.
4	Have been eating at US Egg for the past 7 years although hadn't been there within the past 3 years until recently. My mom was in town from FL and we stopped in for a late breakfast - early lunch and it reminded me how much I love this place. The food was delicious, the service was fantastic and friendly. Yum!
2	What a shame. We anxiously awaited the opening of this restaurant in our neighborhood, but have been seriously disappointed. On our first visit, the coffee was barely luke warm, and the huevos rancheros, which we usually go for were simply mediocre. On our second visit, i tried one of the skillets. The sausage they used was sliced up cheap links, and the potatoes they used were the frozen shredded variety. It would be hard for me to even rate the meal mediocre. Sorry to say it's two strikes and yer out for me. There are way too many other very good breakfast options nearby.
1	There are much better options for breakfast than this place.  The food is ok but lacked salt. So if you are going for a low sodium diet you are all set.  My first visit was fine nothing special would have given it a 3.  I would recommend not going in after 1PM.  I went in at 1:30pm and there was nobody there to seat me as they were chatting at a table off to the side.  I was seated after a few minutes, when he noticed I was waiting. The booth where I was seated didn't seem to have a waitress assigned to it...  Everyone was clearing tables and huddled in the back.  I waited 10 Minutes then decided they wanted to close so I left and went to get food elsewhere.
1	My wife and I had to try it and so we did. Nice waitress named Savana. We ordered and got the food VERY fast BUT it was bordering on cold and we told her that it could certainly be warmer. The "stuff" for the omelet was not cooked into the eggs and was cold. My wife's bacon was cold and greasy. I had sliced tomatoes that were very hard and I had to use a knife to cut them. The coffee was barely warm.VERY expensive--the bill for 2 of us was $27.38. I paid the waitress $33 and we left.WE WILL NOT BE BACK!Bob Stephens
2	My husband and I had breakfast here about a month ago and now that I am sitting down to do the review I find that neither of us can remember what we ate or how the service was or anything remarkable about the experience at all.  It was completely forgettable.  If you like generic chain restaurant breakfasts, then this place is for you.
3	Got the Half & Half with protein pancakes and meat lovers skillet.  A good amount of food and it was decent.  I think the protein pancakes standout as being on of the better items on the menu.  Not a cheap place to go for breakfast though.
3	Pros:English Muffin: super delicious, warm and moistEggs with spinach: very good, flavorfulCoffee: fragrant and tastyCons:Hashed Potatoes: blandChili: too thick, too salty, rather pastyWait: very, very longService: a little slowConclusion: 3
2	I love the US Egg - but the service at this location is AWFUL!! I have been going to the Tempe location for the last 15 years and it is a well oiled machine... The food is perfect and the service is awesome!! The new Chandler location has just as good as food, but after we got seated we waited 30 minutes to order and then we waited another 30 minutes to get out order (for two people).  After we were done eating we didn't see our server for another 20 minutes until we had to stop her as she was walking by and request our bill.  You may want to wait a few months until the service improves, go to the Tempe location in the mean time.
1	Terrible restaurant! Out waitress was not friendly and didn't check on us. All the staff looks miserable. You expect more from a new restaurant. Food comes and it's cold. The potatoes weren't cooked, sent the food back they offered to remake it but choose not to eat. Tasted terrible anyways... Asked for more coffee and the waitress threw it on the table. That's when I had enough and went and got the manager. I'm sitting here in the restaurant writing this because it was that bad! We should have walked out when we walked in because we heard one of the employees apologizing to someone on the phone.
1	Worst breakfast place!!! Cold hash browns, not cooked eggs(how can someone messed up these?) bad service. Waited for half an hour for our food! This is our first and last in this stupid place!
3	Went with the girl's book club (ie. wine club.. hehe) for brunch today.  Good thing one of the gals had made reservations for our party of 9 because this place was SUPER busy and crowded on late Sunday morning.  This is a new place to the area, so there were a lot of expectations with the new place.  Here's what went down:Our server was a nice, young gal that seemed overwhelmed with our group - we kept having to ask her and then ask again for things like coffee, coffee mugs, creamer, pens for the check, etc.  I was baffled by their so-called coffee mugs - I swear the damn thing could only contain 5oz of coffee!!  Everytime you sipped, you had to refill.. oh, and why would you serve a table of 9 only ONE CARAFE of coffee when they're clearly drinking through that stuff and keep asking for refills?  That boggled me!  To make it worse, we realized cups of coffee were over 2 dollars each!  Really?  This was not some kind of Organic, Fair-Trade Starbucks brew, this was US Egg.. give me a break.I had the Scottsdale Salad (yeah, I know, what a dumb name) which was actually very tasty: perfect amount of well cooked onions, apples, and chicken over Spinach.  I did see a lot of empty plates, but didn't hear too many praises, so I'm not sure what to report on that.Overall, the service gal was nice but not very functional at her job; the food I had was tasty, plentiful, but I can't review their 'breakfast items' at this point (I may have to come again).The place is well decorated, new, and hoppin', so I'm saying I could give it another shot .. it was not a bad experience as a whole.
5	I've been to this location a few times now and I plan on going back again and again. Contrary to prior reviews I have always received excellent service! The young ladies that wait tables here are beautiful as well as extremely sweet and attentive. I always feel like I'm an old family friend when I come here. I've had the opportunity to try quite a few dishes here. The breakfast sandwich with a side of fruit is delicious! It is a generous amount of fresh food for under $10! (the fruit isn't even cut until I order it)  I've also had the traditional breakfast with eggs, hashbrowns and bacon. When I first read the reviews about the hashbrowns not being crispy I was shocked, maybe a simple remedy for the other customers could be to simply ask for "crispy hashbrowns" as I did and they would be more than happy with their outcome. I've also enjoyed the ever popular half and half. This is a small (but still generous) stack of their famous protein pancakes (blueberry, granola, cinnamon and almonds) and a half skillet of your choice. I chose the ham, sausage and mushroom skillet, the ham is diced and thick, the sausage juicy and the mushrooms lightly sauteed with a layer of hashbrowns at the bottom. I like to switch it up with the half and half and get strawberry pancakes from time to time at no charge! I honestly don't understand why this place doesn't have five stars! I'm baffled. The managers are also so attentive, I've seen them checking on every table in the place, which gives you ample opportunity to speak up if your food ie: hashbrowns or eggs are not to your liking. I'm sure they'd be more than happy to improve your experience. Seriously people speak up and stop being so picky!
3	Only love the pancakes there.
2	Went on a Sunday afternoon and it wasn't insanely busy. My group sat in a booth near the kitchen, where there was also an exit outside. Halfway through our meal someone on staff decided to prop the exit door open so the 100+ heat could make our meal very uncomfortable. The waitress was inattentive and didn't make enough stops to check on us or our drink levels and took excessively long when bringing anything back. The food was pretty good, but the total experience was negative.
1	8/5/12Checked in at door. Packed. Told 10 minutes???  Waited 20.  Left when it became apparent it would be longer. The poor reviews I was reading on Yelp at time didn't help.  Tip to hostess, be honest about wait time.
5	I love coming here for brunch they have the best protein pancakes and you can add fruit to them... yum heaven! They have a huge menu so sometimes it takes a while to decide I think that's my only issue is there are so many choices... but I'm really not complaining. The prices are very fair and the food is really good as well as the service. If coming here on weekends  be prepared to wait but totally worth it in my opinion!
4	Try the Hawkeye Omelet. It is delicious!
5	Breakfast the way it was meant to be! The skillets are AMAZING!! Protein pancakes are to die for! They have a gluten-free menu (which allows for a LOT of variety), and always cater to my dietary needs. Staff is always friendly. Weekends can get busy, but the food is well worth the wait!
2	Absolutely horrible coffee. I ordered their traditional breakfast: 2 eggs, hashbrowns, muffin and added sausage. All were decent except the sausage. It tasted like it was freshly microwaved from the freezer.Scenery: about what you'd expect, plain, looks like any other breakfast nook. The only thing notable was the very attractive female servers dressed as cowgirls. Considering it's close to Halloween, I'm not sure if that's part of their regular attire though.  The service was efficient and pleasant enough.For the price you pay and quality of food, you'd be better served by hitting the ihop up the street.
5	Try the power pancakes. Deeelicious!!!i'm not sure if this is under new management since the previous reviews or what, but the service was fantastic, the staff was exceptionally attentive, the food was great and...well, i just have to say that the waitresses are equally as attractive as they are friendly.  typically i'm against "chain" type restaurants, but this restaurant (this one in particular, likely) will be on my list to visit again.
2	Went on a Sunday morning at 8 am with my hubby.  Greeted by everyone on the staff with smiles and headed back to be seated.  When they started to direct us to seats by the kitchen and I said "not over there", they happily seated us in a booth.  The service was excellent at that time in the morning.The food was not so excellent.  I had the Denver omelet and my hubby had corned beef hash.  The breakfasts come with hash browns and a toasted, already buttered English muffin. However, the hash browns tasted like they were prepared in a large batch and kept in a warming pan until served.  They were not particularly tasty and lacked the flavorful crunchiness of freshly cooked potatoes.  The omelet was just okay, nothing special with crunchy green peppers and sauteed onions, diced ham inside.  There was a small amount of cheese on the top, but noticeably lacking inn the interior.  My hubby commented that  the corned beef has could have been more appealing, but enjoyed the fresh tomatoes served with the meal.  I don't know if it is the glass/plastic serving plates they used, but the food was cold before we were half way through it.  They might want to consider placing the hot food on plates that hold the heat a little bit better.I have to agree with another reviewer regarding the coffee cup size and the coffee, but at least it was hot and the carafe left on the table was enough for the two of us.The restaurant was filling rather quickly, but still no one waiting in line at 8:40 when we left.Thumbs up for the service.Needs improvement for the food.At $25 for the two meals and 2 cups of coffee, we probably will look for another place for better food.
2	just ok....
3	My wife and I went here this morning. It was early, 7 am, and we got seated very quickly. There was a lot to choose from on the menu so it took us a bit to decide. We placed our order, and about the time we wondered what was taking so long our food came out.  I ordered the Chicken & Waffles, my wife had the California Benedict. We were both pleased with the way our food was prepared. It was clearly freshly made and not sitting around waiting for us to show up (i.e. McDonald's). It is a clean restaurant, well lit with very clean restrooms. The only thing that wasn't pleasant about the atmosphere was the music, a little too loud and Country. However if you like Country (we don't), it'll be great for you.      Overall it was a great place, and we would go there again. Even though the food is a bit on the more pricey side. I hope you find this review helpful.
4	This place was just built walking distance to my house, so I've been dying to check it out. Although, to be honest, I've been to US Eggs before and they were just fine... just a good ol' breakfast place.After perusing the menu, I noticed that their Protein Pancakes had a star next to them, showing that they were a specialty. Then I noticed that even the t-shirts on the waitstaff mentioned their Protein Pancakes. You know what this means?! I'm SO ordering some Protein Pancakes!And wowzer, was that a FANTASTIC idea! These things were amazing. There was no protein powdery mix in these! Fresh blueberries, almonds and oatmeal mixed with some pancake mix of sorts. De-lish! Definitely worth the trip just for those babies!
5	The first time I visited was when they first opened, and I was not a fan... Slow service and the food was so-so. We tried it again months later & I'm so glad we did! We have been back 4 or 5 times now, and the service is always wonderful. The food is really good too. My husband loves the protein pancakes. I love the eggs & bacon (they're always cooked perfectly). I also really liked the California eggs Benedict. I think the thing that really sets this place apart from other restaurants that offer standard breakfast food is the service. Not only are the servers always nice and helpful, but the bussers are also really quick and seem very happy. Happy staff, great food, convenient location. Oh and I saw a sign that said they now serve alcohol, which I imagine some folks (not myself) might enjoy with breakfast.
4	My family and I were here for Sunday brunch celebrating my birhday. At first, I thought breakfast joint + Sunday morning = long wait, but that was not the case.  Despite the place having a pretty decent sized crowd as expected, the four of us were seated pretty quickly and because of the fast service as well we were in and out in no time!The menu is pretty large and gives you a lot to choose from, but we were all starving so we actually got things figured out pretty quickly. My dad got some 'hungry man' breakfast, my sister and mom both got the Italy Omelette, and I got a build-your-own type breakfast with pancakes, bacon, and eggs. Our waitress was extremely attentive, everytime we needed a refill on our drinks she was all over it, we never had the chance to get thirsty. The food came out fairly quickly (I'd say about 20-25 minutes, not bad for four meals) and they were very accomodating for my other sister that arrived as the rest of us finished our meal.Food was great, I got the chocolate chip pancakes and they were perfectly protioned for my liking. Not too big, but filling nonetheless and the eggs & bacon were cooked well and fresh. Everyone else at my table loved our food, and seeing as this was my second successful trip to US Egg I think it's safe to say I will be back again!
5	I love this place! Great service, awesome breakfast! And the lunch is really good, too. The salads and burgers are delicious. Yum!
5	Protein pancakes are wonderful. Pick those with a 1/2 omlette andyou've got a great breakgast. Fresh food. Great service.
5	Great food, and a few unique dishes. My fav is the Dan Marjerle omelet, it has chicken and avocado and is delicious. Of course everyone loves the protein pancakes. One of my top 2-3 breakfast spots in the east valley.
4	Love this place! Serves great breakfast, and fast friendly service!
3	Its all rite I guess, good location, fairly decent menu and the order came promptly and was as the menu described.two things they can work on.1.  get better coffee.  the price of coffee does not justify the taste of this semi-bitter black liquid.  get some cartel or something.2.  turn down the music a little, i dun mind country music, but not so loud and early in the morning ! :)come here if u are on chandler and need a bite.  its got a faster moving wait list than cracker barrel on the other side of the 10.
1	Horrible food and the guys on the street corner spinning the signs...annoying and over the top.  I see now why they need sign spinners in your face to get you to their location.  Never again!
5	I drive past US Egg every day and always wanted to try it. Finally got the chance to stop by this weekend. The food was spectacular and the service even more so. I had the half-and-half breakfast with a chicken/bacon/avocado skillet on top of hash browns topped with an egg over easy, and 2 "small" pancakes (1 chocolate chip and had to try 1 protein pancake, their specialty) ps. They're actually not that small. Overall great experience, DELICIOUS food, and at a very reasonable price (less than $10!). I will be definitely coming back every weekend.
5	I love this place, it's by far my favourite breakfast or brunch destination! their Skillets are awesome mmm! definitely worth trying.Service is very friendly and on the move.
4	I think I found my new breakfast spot! Plenty of good for the price, and great customer service! I've been there twice in a couple weeks already, can't get enough of the bacon skillet! Sorry good egg but its over!
5	Super service and great food. I tried the half and half with a chicken/avocado skillet and protein pancakes. DELICIOUS. Will be back next week.
5	Wow! What a fantastic experience! The moment we walked in the manager personally greeted my friend and I and introduced himself, I felt very welcomed. Our server was so sweet and did her job to perfection. The food was the fabulous, I've never had such delicious pancakes!! Since my first time eating there (which was a week ago) Ive been back twice! Thank you U.S. Egg, I am now a regular!:)
4	Great place for breakfast. Pros: Good size servings, reasonable prices, very friendly staff, prompt service, good atmosphere, great for families. Cons: coffee is not that great.The food is tasty. What we've tried that's good: omelettes, hash browns, chicken fried steak,  protein pancake,  eggs florentine. The orange juice is fresh and tasty.  The only thing we didn't like that much is the corn beef hash; not that great. Definitely will be coming back .
3	Ordered the half and half with the sante fe skillet. The skillet was okay, but the protein pancakes were better. Tasty and cooked well. Our original waitress was very rude, condescending when we had questions about our orders and said to my mom "you're killing me." After we told the manager, he switched our waiter.. She was exceptional. As for the ambience, very open and spacious, with light background music.  No wait at all at prime lunch time hours on a Saturday! They also have a nice outdoor patio..
2	1st trip about 2 months ago was pretty good.  Was there again today and service was poor.  Ordered eggs over medium, were served like they were hockey pucks...told the waitress and she said she would get new eggs for us, but left the our plates on the table for the next 10 minutes letting the ham, hash browns and English muffins get cold.  Why would they NOT put the plates back under the warmer in the kitchen until the eggs were ready?  Manager came over and said she understood the eggs were made incorrectly, I asked her why they would leave our plates on the table...she said 'sorry' and that was it.  Did not offer to offset the bill, nothing, nada, zippo - so I just had to limit my tip and left a note on the receipt saying "Cold food today - not good".How do you screw up eggs?  Ask US Egg....very disappointing.
4	The service is excellent and the menu is extensive. The chicken fried steak is delicious. They also serve mixed drinks like Bloody Mary's and Mimosas which is a nice touch.
1	Loose the annoying, driver distracting sign spinner at the freeway!!!  He's going to get someone KILLED!!!  I will never eat here BECAUSE of him!
5	Great food -- the skillets, protein pancakes and omelettes are among the best. Service is good -- they help each other out and know their menu well. I'd highly recommend it. It gets busy on the weekends but worth the wait.
4	Food here is very good. I had something called the half-in-half, I think, which consisted of a bacon and onion skillet and the protein pancakes. OMG THE PROTEIN PANCAKES. Seriously, these things are awesome. Made with granola and berries and all sorts of things, they are filling and tasty and everyone going to US Egg should try them. Delicious! Service could have been a bit better, but all in, I was very pleased.
1	Called the Chandler PD about the sign spinner guy after getting nowhere talking to the manager us egg.  This sign spinner yells a traffic, drops his sign in the roadway, holds a sign out next to traffic over the roadway, etc.I will NEVER go to this place!!
3	Great service, great food, priced a little high, and the coffee is horrible. They need a light breakfast blend instead of the sludge.
2	Maybe I'm just not a breakfast person. I wasn't too impressed with lunch either.Food is fresh, there are healthy options. I'm just never blown away.Although I would eat here over a Denny's-like restaurant any day.
4	My family stayed at the hotel next door for a week on vacation and when we saw this restaurant we wanted to try it. Being from the Midwest, we are accustomed to huge portions of food. So when our order came, we were concerned that it may not be enough. But surprisingly, it was just right. US EGG became our go to place.  We tried other places in the area but they were so-so and ok.  We definitely preferred US EGG.  Now, we are back home and been to our regular breakfast place a couple of times and realized that the huge portions are overwhelming and end up feeling heavy and slow. We may have to find another place for breakfast now and I don't mean that in a bad way.  BTW, the protein pancakes are awesome!  I'm a fan now!
1	After being gone for nearly two months, the far to overzealous sign spinner employed by this business IS UNFORTUNATELY BACK at 202 and Chandler and the manager of this place hung up on me when I was discussing the problem again.  I guess I'll have to resort to uploading to youtube the dash-cam videos of this idiot sign spinner repeatedly dropping his sign in the street and the antics and lengths he goes to to get attention for this business which is obviously not successful enough with its existing customer base to stay in business.  Businesses that are successful and packed do so by remembering who the customer is and providing a good product at a fair price, NOT by trying to attract so much attention that they risk causing traffic accidents and repeatedly annoy drivers to the point they call the police!  The traffic accident most likely to occur is one where a driver is trying to turn the corner and is distracted by this idiot's sign or yelling and they get hit T-bone style RIGHT IN THE DRIVERS DOOR!  I knew someone that was T-boned in the drivers side and SHE AND HER 10 YEAR OLD DAUGHTER ARE DEAD!!!!!  If you want to take back our streets from the idiot sign spinners like the one used by this business, DON'T GO THERE!!!  I would never again think of going to this business!
3	It was good. Loved the decor, menu had something on there for everyone. Wasn't knock your socks off amazing, but good enough that I'll be back.
3	They have a lot of options on the menu and usually you are seated quickly. Their service is pushy and servers don't seem to know the menu. They did make mistakes to my last two orders but did try to correct them. Food is decent and service is average
2	I've been here a few times and am never really that impressed. The place is always crowded and loads of diners waiting to grab a seat but I don't understand ... it must be me. Tried the protein pancake and it wasn't cooked all the way through - the middle was still wet. Ick. Flavor of the pancake was decent but nothing to rave about. One friend tried the egg breakfast - good but hash browns were undercooked and another the protein waffle - very good. Service is very good here and the place is clean. But are they hurrying with the food to seat the diners waiting? I don't know but I probably won't be back to find out.
5	A little more then I usually spend on breakfast but the food quality is excellentand so is the service!
5	All I have to say is, protein pancakes. They are seriously out of this world. I usually get the half and half with a skillet and the smaller version of the pancakes. Seriously, they can't be beat. If you take sugar in your coffee and are into the healthier trends, they have stevia by request too! Lots of menu choices, and consistent quality. It's on my list of regular spots!
4	I went to this restaurant with my wife and a friend of mine.  The seating and service were very prompt.  Decor was excellent.  Coffee had a bit of a bite to it but was decent.  I had one of their pancake dishes and was impressed with the quality of the food.  They were light, fluffy, and had the right texture.  Their eggs were very fluffy, light, and tasty.The server we had was very friendly and made us all feel at home.  Her product knowledge was better than some of the waitstaff at four-star restaurants I have been to in either Chicago or Phoenix.  Will I come back here?  Absolutely!
4	Loved this place for the price, the decor, and delicious food! I got the blueberry granola whole wheat pancakes with the chorizo plate and it was so good. Coffee was good too!
1	Eww so gross. Got a simple omelet that ended up being 11 bucks- salsa was gross, egg were so greasy I couldn't even eat it. Will not be returning. BreAkfast is not that hard to do.
2	For how hard they advertised and the price on the menu. I was sure disappointed. The food is on quality with Denny's including the plastic cups and water spotted silverware.
4	This is one of my favorite breakfast places!! Love the protein pancakes!! I don't know the exact name of it, but my boyfriend gets the meat lovers skillet. He always asks to add chorizo and extra cilantro on it, it's by far his favorite breakfast dish! The wait to get in can suck, but in my opinion  it's a great breakfast place that's near my house! Also love the greyhounds and mimosa's!!!
4	Went here last Sunday with my family for breakfast. Service was amazing and food was fast and so delicious.I will spread the word about this gem!
1	The service was horrible.  Couldn't even finish my breakfast because I couldn't get a drink refill to save my life.  Waitress came back one time only right after my food was delivered.  After that, didn't see her one time and had to flag the hostess down to get my check.  Sat there for 10 minutes with my plate pushed in the middle of the table with my napkin covering it.  Obviously I was done and even had my credit card sitting out.  Just when I was thinking I just had a bad waitress - 3 bus boys walked by and no one cleared my plate.  In fact, 2 empty glasses sat there throughout my entire meal (the one refill I did get).  There were people waiting, yet the host who was 10 feet away from me couldn't pick up on the clues that I was ready to go and getting irritated.  This tells me that the service problem is bigger than one waitress.  Perhaps this is a management problem.  The food was in no way worth $12.84.  This was my first and last visit to this restaurant.  Big thumbs down!
5	Awesome menu great food and service. It's the best breakfast we've had in Phoenix!Our waitress was thorough and honest, no selling techniques We went back 2 days later and went outside the box on menu items, we were very impressed
5	This place is great! Awesome fresh food, good size portions, served piping hot.  I had the Southwest Chicken Fried Steak and it was awesome. Prices are reasonable service is awesome and so is the atmosphere nice eating area outside.  Awesome job Leland. You will see us again for sure. Keep up the food work!!
5	This place has amazing breakfast. I always take my family and friends here if they want good food.
2	Service was very friendly and we only had to wait 2 minutes before being seated.  However, our food took a long time to come out as well as our check.  The hash browns were white, not cooked enough, and far from crispy.  They were gross and bland, but I ate some because I was hungry.  The English muffin was yummy.  The omlette was NOT tasty.  The ingredients weren't cooked into the egg, rather the egg was cooked, folded then the garden veggies and bacon were thrown in the middle without being cooked into the egg. I ate a bite off egg and had to gather the add-ins.  And the amount of bacon was way too much --about twice the amount of veggies!  I didnt like it and was not impressed!  I won't get another omlette from U.S. Egg.  If I come again, I'll stick with the pancakes or club sandwich.
3	This is generally a really good breakfast spot. But as of recently it has been hit or miss at this location. I have an amazing meat lovers scramble which seems to be a really good stand by if I don't want to be dissapointed.The shredded hash browns took a while and were cool and uncooked. This is been standard the past 2 times we have been there. We will go back and hopefully they can redeem themselves.
