1	I totally agree with Joy.. It took 1 hr to get our food and it was awful.. Fried breadsticks??? As if bread isn't bad enough for us, now they fry it??? I had the Chicken Marsala it was on a plate of oil... YUCK.. Not only did it take forever and we were late to our movie, i left even more hungry and mad. I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PLACE AT ALL
5	The food here is top notch. Prices are a bit more than we usually pay for pizza but you get what you pay for. Great sandwiches and salads too!
4	Great place!The $20 for two meal deal is fantastic. 1-Appetizer, 2-main dishes and 1-desert.  Try the chicken Parmesan with the meat sauce.  It's fantastic!!  The next time we are in town...we will be there.If you're looking for good food...and a lot of it...this is the place.
5	This place is fantastic. I work at a nearby church and they are always willing to cater our events. Their pizza is mouth watering good, and their pasta dishes are always delicious and fresh. Portions are hefty and their staff is always friendly. Much more personable and less commercial than Olive Garden. Definitely recommended!
4	I love this place. The deep dish pizza is awesome, and HUGE! I have three roommates, and when we order here we just need one medium deep dish to feed us all. I've been to the actual restaurant a couple times to try their pasta. I love the pesto and their bread, but the pizza is the real winner here.
1	Tried Maciano's since it touted Chicago Style eats. Ordered a sausage thin crust pizza and an Italian beef sandwich. We were given breadsticks to snack on while we waited, they weren't what you might expect. These were fried. They had a very greasy after taste.The Italian Beef was overly salted. So much so we had them remove it from the bill. The pizza was similar to Chicago style but it wasn't nearly as tasty as what I'm used to... grew up in Chicago. It was far better than what you'd get from the "gross" chains - papa johns, pizza hut, dominos, but there is better Chicago-style pizzas to be had. Amore is my pick.
4	I ate at this place yesterday since I wont a free lunch there on the radio. Being on the other end of town from my house, I'm not going to be going there on a regular basis - but if I lived on that end of town, I sure as hell would.Essentially, this is a dine-in Italian restaurant but they also have delivery and pick-up options. The menu is a pretty good size. In a lot of ways, you might consider this a "poor man's Olive Garden", however the food is good enough that I won't use that term to describe it.Atmosphere in the restaurant is nicer than you may expect from the outside, the place having decor similar to what you would find in most dine-in Italian restaurants. It is a pleasant atmosphere, though I found it a bit annoying that they had the local soft music station on (but that's just a matter of personal taste, I can't really fault the restaurant for their taste in music.) The service was surprisingly good, considering there only seemed to be a single woman working. We were always promptly served despite the lack of staff, at least until around noon when more and more people started coming in. One more server would have been nice, but I'm honestly surprised how good the service was given there being only a single employee to do the job. And then there's the food. I had the cheese tortellini and my girlfriend had chicken parmesan. My tortellini was excellent, easily one of the best dishes of this type I have ever had. I tried her chicken, and it wasn't great (I prefer my chicken parm with a crispy outer later of breading), but wasn't bad either. The restaurant also serves deep-fried, parmesan-coated breadsticks that are VERY easy to get hooked on. Overall, I was very satisfied with this place, and I am surprised to see this place has gotten several negative reviews -  I had no major complaints whatsoever. Overall, I would strongly recommend this place if you live in the area.
4	There is certainly no lack of good Italian places in Las Vegas but, as this is only a few blocks from our house, we decided to give it a try.  Bring your appetite with you!  If you're eating in, they start you off with complimentary breadsticks, which is fried pizza dough flavored with garlic and sprinkled with parmesan cheese on top.  Delicious! If you're really hungry, their deep dish pizza was good and one slice is enough to fill you up!  We ordered the meat classic deep dish and it had plenty of meat toppings but my favorite was the thick layer of chunky tomato sauce on top. We've tried their thin crust pizza, chicken parmesan, and balsamic chicken panini which have all been delicious.  Service has been great the times we've been there and they refilled our drinks without us having to ask.  We have since gone back for more!
1	Super cute little place, so much so that I took a pic and sent it to my fiance. I went fo lunch on a Saturday while on my lunchbreak. I was quickly seated as there was only one other group there. Ordered and ice tea to find they only have the raspberry nestea. Was pleasantly surprised when I was given a basket of garlic bread, but it was grossly oily.. alas, I ate them all because it took 30 miniutes for my eggplant parmesan sandwich to arrive. Since I had to get back to work, I asked for it to go. The guy who brought it to me in a bag had to return to the kitchen to ask when I asked what I owed. The owner or manager came out and charged me full price for my sandwich and tea which I thought was rude considering I waited 30+ mins before I had to leave and asked for it to go. Meanwhile my tea was empty...  Aet my sandwich at my desk at work, it was just so-so.I wont be back
3	Fried breadsticks? Eh.  Pizza was alright, and didn't live up to some of the yelp hype for me.   Phone person who works there did not know how to get there (could not give me directions from Flamingo & Grand Canyon!!).  I, too, lived in Chicago area for several years and the pizza here isn't broadly Chicago style at all.
4	I don't know if I am a glutton, but I loved the garlic bread sticks they brought as a starter.  It is deep fried but it is not oily as other posters have said.  We ordered the Vegetarian Double Dough Pizza.  This is a nice choice of pizza dough.  They have a thin crust, the double dough, a pan, and Chicago style (deep dish).  Be careful when ordering the pan or Chicago style since it takes about 30 mins to make.  Our pizza with the double dough came really fast and it can actually feed 4 people.  It is cut in squares and we enjoyed it.  The cheese and the sauce were tasty and after a long day of apartment hunting, this was a nice place to have a sit down lunch.  Also, our hostess/server Holly was very nice and explained how their pizza crusts are made.  Don't be afraid to try this place out.
2	With Maciano's varied menu I think they run into a case of being jacks of all trades but masters of none. Our meal here, inspired by a $25 restaurant.com coupon was very uneven and despite the wonderful service we won't return, simply because the food had too many problems.In order to buy the $50 worth of food as required by our gift certificate, we ordered a house salad to share, two pastas and a medium pizza to just get us to our requirement. The salad, despite being a little unimaginative, was huge and fresh. I probably should have gone with a different dressing instead of the Italian which was a bit sweet for my tastes.  The free bread sticks were, as others have mentioned, deep fried, but I didn't find them greasy - just unremarkable.My pasta, an alfredo penne with a few add-ins, including meatballs was initially encouraging. The alfredo sauce was tasty and everything seemed cooked well. The big let-down was the meatballs. I can say without a shred of hyperbole that they had absolutely no taste. They weren't even a good texture, being slightly gritty and soft. I tried to season them up with some salt and pepper, but they seemed immune to any sort of flavour. The Pizza was mostly intended as a take home item, but by the end of the meal we barely wanted it. It -looked- great, but the crust was very odd and hard. Don't get me wrong, I don't like wet, sloppy "New York Style" pizza either, but somewhere there's a nice dense, chewy medium between slop and a rusk, surely. The pizza sauce was rather sweet and unremarkable.Overall it was fun to try a new place and with our coupon the damage wasn't too great, but I think Maciano's could work on the taste of their menu items. I know "good pizza" is very subjective, so I'm willing to chalk down the pizza as "not to my taste", but the tasteless meatballs and other issues really hold this place back. When you consider that this would have been nearly a seventy dollar meal without gift cerfiticate, most diners would expect something great for this sort of outlay.It's perhaps telling that my wife and I both looked with regret at a newly opened Little Caesar's we spied on the drive home, considering the mediocre pizza we could have picked up for $5 instead of the unwanted and much more expensive leftovers we had in our trunk.
1	If I could give Maciano's less than one I would.  We have been eating at Maciano's since they opened,  I had my daughter's Baptism lunch catered from thern and overall had been been very satisfied, that is until tonight.  Usually the service at Maciano's is slow, but the food more than makes up for it.  Tonight, the food was really awful and the service was so slow we almost fell asleep at the table. I ordered the Chicken Florentine, which came out at room temperature with some of  the most disgusting garlic mashed potatoes I've ever seen(I'm guessing they were either leftover from the day before or made from a mix.).  The rest of my party had a pizza which took forever.  Our less than enthusiastic server said  the kitchen was running behind when we sent my order back. (They were nice enough to reheat the mess for me.)  When there were only three parties in the entire restaurant, I find that hard to believe.  I went to the ladies room and saw employees(who looked like a bunch of high school kids) texting and sitting around in the kitchen, it explained a lot. Their tiramisu used to be to die for, homemade and creamy and HUGE. Now it's tiny portions and no longer homemade. I feel like our server should have offered to take my nasty meal off our bill or comped a dessert.  Maciano's used to be so good, unfortunately that is no longer the case.  I don't know if they are under different management or trying to cut costs, but I know I won't be going back. I was actually embarrassed because my in-laws are visiting from out of town and we told them how good the food was and the whole experience was a disappointment.
2	Service and food quality too low for the prices they charge. Got $30 worth of food for $50 after waiting too long to be served.
3	The pizza is okay.. Nothing amazing or notable. I personally don't mind the breadsticks. I get it, their deep-fried & different from other places. If you leave them out for too long, they get gross & chewy. They're best fresh. Especially with their marinara.My favorite thing to order is their fruti de mare. The seafood is cooked perfectly, & the linguine al dente.Their wine is an awesome price too!The Alfredo seemed to be a little flour tasting. Not very appetizing, but my boyfriend seems to order it every time he goes in. Maybe I just ordered it on a bad day.Small restaurant which is typically always short staffed. Went in one night an hour before closing & it seemed like 5 other parties came in afterwards. We felt really bad for the waitress (who had told us that she had literally told one other waitress to go home early because they were slow prior to this crowd coming in). We cut her some slack, but like I said, they're practically always short staffed. Nice staff, but definitely short staffed. Haha
1	If I could leave negative stars I would. Took over an hour to deliver. When I received my order it was $10 more than the price originally given on the phone. The idiots got both orders wrong, and when I called to speak with the manager he told me he had been in this business a long time and knew more than I did. Really? Well at least now I know not to order from a disgusting and overpriced restaurant (if you could even call it that) with even more disgusting customer service. You'd be better off buying microwave lasagna from Albertsons.
1	Don't waste your time!  We have ordered take out on several times and officiailly burned the menu tonight even after the second delivery was to "correct" the 3 mistakes.  We asked for a sub side of spinach instead of the customary pasta side with the chicken and shrimp entrees - Lo - carb accomodations typical at restaurants now days, they said no problem.  We recieved overcooked MUSH spinach covered our entrees instead of being on the side.  The replacement spinach was a handful of raw spinach wrapped in foil - so priceless I wish I could post a picture.
1	I own a home just up the street from this restaurant and have given them multiple try's because of the convenience.  Unfortunately every time i have dined in the service was very poor and food was lackluster.  Even getting takeout I found the staff to be very unfriendly, food over priced and wait times to be outrageous.  Do yourself a favor and don't waste your time here.  Go up the road to smiths and get yourself a frozen pizza.
3	This is a cute little neighborhood joint.  I have gotten takeout numerous times from here.  Last week, we rolled in with another couple for dinner.  Move past the fact that you'll be the only ones there...most of there business is takout.  That said, their dining room is pretty cute.  Nice booths. Renderings of the Italian country side muraled on the walls.  Beers are like $2.50.  Can't beat that!  Our server brought us a basket of delicious chewy breadsticks sprinkled with parmesan.  They were quite tasty and dissapeared quickly.  No worries, she refilled it stat!We had the pasta broccoli salad.  Chicken, brocolli, tomatoes, and fusilla tossed in a creamy ranch like dressing with parmesan cheese.  Really good.  We ordered a pan style pizza with sausageand mushrooms.  It was good.  Hearty slices.  Good flavor.  We also had the lemon scallop pasta.  Pasta was overcooked but highly delicious.  Scallops were cooked nicely and it was frsh and lemony!Bill was like $58 for 4 with drinks and leftovers to take home.  It's not the best pizza or Italian food you'll ever have but its quiant, friendly, and tasty.
4	Much nicer decor than one would think, this is not just a strip mall pizza place, it is a small restaurant with good pasta & pizza. They have tables and booths with nice furniture and murals of Italy painted on the walls.  They start everyone off with a basket of small fried dough sticks with marinara sauce.  I had the chicken limon which had spinach and I asked for the garlic potatoes instead of pasta and it was good and lemony!  The sauce was a little thick but not off putting and again the lemon flavor was awesome! Hubby had mostaccoli(sp?) it was pretty much baked zita and he loved it and had plenty for leftovers the next day. Due to this place being small and staffed accordingly I can see that it may take a while for deliveries, but we eat there so basing my experiences off of eating in.  Had a brand new Italian beer they were offereing so tried it, $3.50 I think, so great price.  We will be back for certain.
4	I've never eaten inside the restaurant but have gotten their pizza to go. I ordered a "Works" on thin crust and it is delicious. I don't understand these people saying the pizza is just ok. It's full of flavor and I will surely eat there again. The only downside was the price. $30 for a large pizza is a bit expensive.
3	Not too shabby!  Big selection of pizzas (thin crust, deep dish, regular crust), salads, and pastas.  Bonus points for the options to add calamari to the pasta, the tasty thin-crust pizza, and heaping basket of free, fried breadsticks.  They may kill you but they're free!The restaurant, located in a random strip mall, is decorated to feel like an Italian eatery (i.e. faux venetian plaster, etc).  Seating is amazingly plentiful, complete with booths and tables.  You may, however, get an arm workout while waiving down your waitress.  They're a tad understaffed.For the price (around $12.99 for a good-size pizza and $6.99 for pasta dishes), it's a decent neighborhood joint.
1	It smelled amazing when we walked in, but we sat at our table for almost 25 minutes and NO one even stopped to ask us for our drink order. The menu looked amazing I would have liked to try it but we ended up leaving when 30 minutes passed and no service in sight.
3	Decent pizza, and it's pretty close to my house!I just moved into the neighborhood and was jonesin' for some pie, and hopped on to Yelp and said my oh my. Ok, that's all I gots with my rhymes.I ordered a thin crust pizza and it was delicious. I didn't overdo it with the toppings. Just bell peppers, onions and olives. Positives: crust was perfect and crispy.Negatives: way too much cheese, and it slid off the crust. Perhaps the dough needed to be parbaked?In any case, it's a cozy little joint. Totally looks like little Italy inside. Staff is very friendly, and we had a nice time. This place didn't "wow" me, but I'd order from here again...if I had no other choice.
4	Ordered our 2nd pizza from here, Salami pizza, and again it was delicious with tons of flavor. All their ingredients are very fresh which I'm sure helps with the great taste. Hands down the best pizza in Vegas. Still only 4 stars because their prices for pizza are still a bit high... $40 for a pizza, no matter how good is ridiculous. A must try at least once.
5	Wow... love this place! First time, we ordered a thin crust pizza and it was wonderful, even compared to the thousands that I've ordered when living in Chicago all my life. Asked to have it cooked a little bit well done because of the delivery time in the car, didn't want it to slide around. Yummy. But the second time we ordered... OMG! We chose the Pan pizza, canadian bacon. Soooooooo good. Not because of the topping, although the tasty little squares of canadian bacon were great, but because of the CRUST! I usually don't get too excited about thicker crust, but this was crispy, not doughy, and ABSOLUTELY DELISH! Next time, I'm going to eat AT the restaurant instead of having it delivered and will try some kind of pasta. I'm sure that I won't be disappointed. The staff, Manager and everyone involved with this excellent place have made our dining experiences a pleasure. Try the Pan pizza and I'm sure that you'll love it too.
3	I order their thin crust pizza only a weekly basis. It's really good and worth the price. The only thing that prevented my from giving a 5 star rating is having a bad dining experience here. The service was very slow and I did not got too much attention from the waiter/servers. Other than that, pizza is great.I still come here for take out but never to dine in. The wait service is still very slow and inattentive, which is too bad because the food is good.
3	I have to preface this review with this... Hate Pizza!! Don't purposely buy it for myself.... Last time? About fifteen years ago....Yesterday, I felt obligated to "buy" Pizza for the Daugher-In-Law's Dad and myself for the World Series final game....My youngest son and his new bride seems to frequent this place quite a bit.... the descriptive fold-out menu that contained five coupons only had two remianing....   Option 1:   18" Thin Crust with 2 Toppings; with 2 2-liter bottles of Soda      Option 2:   2 14" Thin Crust Pizzas... Toppings extra.The Dad chose whatever with Pepperoni Sausage & Mushroom. I picked Option 1.Dad's review... Slightly better than average, good flavor (*** 1/2)My review... (**)The Thin-Crust came pre-cut in an unusual method... a Checker-board pattern with each piece about 3-inches square... not a Pie Slice. Pepperoni slices were baked on top of the Pizza with only 1 to 2 small pieces of Pepperoni per "slice"... as described above. Mushrooms were not obvious... they were hidden under the layer of Cheese...IMO... not very much Meat per square inch.I just don't like Pizza... never will!
2	Decent food but nothing special. The workers there were friendly but a little too laid back. All we ordered was one calzone and one pasta dish. They took forever and a day to bring out our food
4	Great pizzas calzone very reasonable prices and friendly staff. I'd go back
3	I and 4 friends had dinner here last night (Sunday) and I can tell you the food was amazing all of us enjoyed our entrees.  We enjoyed Spaghetti w/meat sauce, Muscles, and Chicken Marsala and again we were all very impressed.Now, the bad part: The service was TERRIBLE!  The front of the house needs work! We were not greeted when we arrived just asked: "how many?"  The server was very slow, distracted, & overwhelmed.  We had to ask for refills of water several times throughout the meal.  When she filled the glasses of water (using a pitcher) she poured the water & spilled all over the table & floor. We had to ask about the types of beer & wine (we were never offered).  After we got our first round of waters it was a good 10 minutes before she came back to take our order.  When she did she apologized for the wait and then told us that she was the only one there.  All 5 of us have worked or still work in the service industry so we understand that "things happen" and you might be struggling, but there were only about 4 tables having dinner.  When I was a waitress if I got slammed I would have management there to help with back up.  After reading a few reviews of this restaurant it seems that this has been an issue for a while.  I hope Management reads some of these reviews and realize that the food is wonderful, but your wait staff needs some help/training.It won't stop me from going back here; I will most likely get take out.
3	I think this might be the first time I've reviewed anything in a public forum. So here we go.Ordered online, got 20% off coupon for it being my first time ordering online (pretty sweet!)Ordered: Kid's pizza with pepperoni and baconCalamariChicken Caesar SaladTiramisuCanoliKid's Pizza - $7.49:Pretty good for being a kids pizza. About 6-8 slices, thin crust and flavorful. Calamari - $6.99: I'm no expert on what calamari SHOULD taste like but their calamari was really really fishy tasting. For being takeout, they remained crispy and in my opinion you get a lot more than you would at San Gennaro or Olive Garden for a lot less money. The sauce was awesome. I recommend.Chicken Caesar Salad - Small - $7.48:Enough to feed 2 bulimic people! Holy crap, there was so much salad. And it was fresh! The chicken was breaded, not very flavorful and chopped into tiny little cubes, which was weird. The croutons were phenomenal, lots of flavor. The dressing (Caesar) tasted home-made, anchovy based and a little too oily. It was also covered in powdered parm cheese. Overall it was just okay. Tiramisu - $4.99:Tiny! $5 for a really really small piece. The espresso taste was overwhelming, not sure if it was the sauce they drizzled on top but it was way too strong. Probably why I'm writing this review right now, I'm pretty wired. I wouldn't recommend it if you love traditional tasting tiramisu.Canoli $5.99:AMAZING! You get 2 canolis and they're a pretty good size. They're covered in powdered cinnamon and over stuffed with cream. The actual canoli tastes like puff pastry, really fresh, not too hard. Do recommend.The service!After ordering online I called to make sure it went through okay, and to add my desserts on because I forgot them at check out. The girl who answered the phone seemed pleasant but was really confused. She confirmed my order but stated the driver already left. I submitted the order 2 minutes before I called, lol. She apologized for the mix up, added my desserts but didn't tell me my new total. Originally it was $21 and some change, when the driver showed up it was $33 and change. Whatever! So the delivery guy shows up hands me my food, takes my money and leaves. He was pretty nice except he forgot my desserts!! I'm starting to think I wasn't supposed to have them :( so I call back, the girl that answered (different from earlier) answers the phone "Maciano's please hold". I say okay but she didn't hear me because I was already on hold. 5 minutes later she picks up the phone "sorry we're closed." It was 9:40 supposedly on their website it say they close at 11:00pm on Fridays. I say "WAIT!" because I thought she was going to hang up on me without hearing me out. I explain to her that the driver forgot my desserts, she puts me on another hold, picks the phone back up and says "he's on his way back." and that's it. No apology or anything. The driver returns, hands me my desserts and offers to shut the door for me as he sees me struggling with my dog and the bag. Oh and he apologized :)Overall the food was OK. Service could have been better. Desserts were a bit over priced, but it is what it is. I'd like to order their pizzas instead of miscellaneous stuff, they might taste better.
4	i have been here several time each time was good my family likes the white pizza and the Chicago pizza it has the sauce on top  yummy   there pastas are good to a little slow on refills but the food is great
4	To start, this is not a high class, white linen restaurant. Maciano's is a local, small, friendly restaurant that serves excellent Italian cuisine in a quiet, serene little quaint atmosphere. We have stopped here many different times, usually on our way home, to grab a bite. There's usually one waitress on duty, who also serves as the hostess. Our last drop-in was on our way back from a two-week romp around the country. Driving home after a long flight is always a dreaded experience, but seeing that your favorite little Italian place is open mitigates the angst a bit. Stopped in, had a few beers, a great meal, and then went home and slept like a hibernating bear.The only reason we don't give a five star is that their delivery pizza could use some work. Its just a bit too greasy, a bit flat and undercooked bread wise, and the prices could be a bit more competitive. That being said, if you do go, please enjoy the bread bits they make and serve as an appetizer, for free, with every meal. They are hot, little pieces of parmesan heaven. Couple that with a couple Peroni's, and your meal is delightfully ruined. However, it definitely tastes great heated up the next day. ;)
2	When this place opened a few years ago, we loved it. Food really great and while service was always average, it was no big deal. You knew when you went there that for average service, you would get great food at a good price. But lately, the service has gotten so bad that we have stopped going. We still do take out once in awhile but have given up dinning in. The worst part is, the reason for the bad service isn't because they're busy. Its almost like the server is trying to show what a big shot he is. We had a party of five and he didn't write anything down. The dinner came out for only 3 of us. We figured the rest would be out soon. Meanwhile the server is just walking around, spinning a tray on his hand with a ho hum attitude. No check back. Nothing. Finally, we called him over and asked him if the rest of the food was on the way. His response was "what was your order again?" And then another five minutes later, we asked again and he said"O, you still want it?". At that we said forget it, just bring the check. He came back and dropped the check with no apology, nothing. A few weeks later , we figured it was just a one time thing and we went back. This time, our  waitress just seemed over whelmed . Not by having too many tables. But by having to take care of the tables and working the front. Its seems like the priority has become take out and delivery. The dinning room is getting completely ignored while they are busy dealing with delivery/takeout. I'm really hoping that ownership reads this and tries to improve things for those who are dinning in their dinning room. The food really is good and it really is a nice little neighborhood place. Please get it together and maybe we'll try dinning in again in a few months.
5	FIrst let me mention that I am a Chicago native and this means I know pizza.  This place serves the closest to Chicago style deep dish pizza I have found since leaving home.  (closer to Uno's and Connies than Giorgano's but we will take it). This could be because their other locations are all in Illinois. They also serve thin (sliced correctly, in squares), double crust, pan, and stuffed.  Upon being seated, the table receives (free) a basket of the most delightful garlic parmesan bread bites we have ever tasted.  These, plus a salad, would be enough for a normal person's dinner.  But no, get the pizza and take it home.  A medium deep dish will feed your house for the next few days, and warms up as delicious as first served.  Sadly, filling up on the bread and anticipating a pizza meal was not enough for us.  We also ordered the cheesy bacon fries.  We were overstuffed but not sorry.  These feature real bacon, two cheeses and dipping sauce.  We have never, ever, had fries this good.The restaurant is cute and comfortable with Italian country decor, but a bit small.  A large party with children came in when we were in mid meal and we were asked to move to a booth so they could push all the tables on one side of the room together. We did not mind moving, unfortunately the large party with children in the small space subjected us to learning much more about the lives and activities of them and their children than we ever wanted or needed to know. Size feels like a real restaurant in Italy without the outdoor seating.They provide linen napkins but no tablecloths.  The staff provided regular check-ins to see if we needed anything, refilled beverages without being asked and the food was served promptly. The server was extremely patient with an elderly foursome who did not understand their check or how to use an entertainment coupon (close quarters, we heard it all clearly).In summary, I would gladly chance the possibility of loud families in close quarters to feast on those delightful bread bites and the great pizza.
1	Just ordered for delivery because we live right down the street from it...never will do so again, would rather drive somewhere and get GOOD pizza. Got a small thin crust margherita, and a works deep dish with an order of jalapeno poppers...honestly, all a disappointment. Everything lacked flavor, the dough was undercooked and had no crisp.
3	I've ordered pizzas to go a couple of times now.  Mushroom, pepperoni and sausage.  Normally, I don't like sausage but the sausage here has a mild, good taste.  The sauce has a lot of oregano, so be aware if you don't like it.  I happen to enjoy some oregano and really liked the sauce but it kind of overwhelms everything else on the pizza.  Am also cool with the way they cut their pizza, a bunch of squares instead of slices.  It's similar to Donato's (which I think must be an East Coast chain, because I have yet to see one in these parts).  Makes you feel better about yourself when you go back for seconds!  Have yet to try their salads.  Get a large pizza, because it is THIN and you may need it to get full.
1	Ordered for delivery and it took over TWO HOURS to get the food, which was cold AND not what I ordered.  A trifecta of incompetence. Don't do business here.
5	Best pizza in town when it comes to wanting something to resemble midwestern pizza.  Thin crust meat lovers is soooo good.  Their tiramusu is good but is more custard then really what it should be.  The service can be difficult we usually just have it delivered with no problems.  We recently just moved and wished this place was closer.They also have great coupons out there for like $10 off $30 which is great.  I usually order 2 pizzas and one goes in the fridge right away from leftovers because it is that good.
2	Mediocre...
5	I really like this place. Its very close to home, priced right and overall a good experience. It has a family owned/operated feel and is nice to get away from the chain restaurants once in a while.
1	I spent a good 30 minutes on my drive home yelping pizza places that cater to vegetarians & local to where I live. this location is less than 5 minutes from my house and easily accessible. awesome right? I thought so till I ordered.My order was simple enough, small white pizza ordered as is & a cup of minestrone soup. The brunette hostess rang me up and said it would be about 25 minutes. This was at 630... so I waited in my car and went inside at 7. Around 7:10 and all the other patrons coming in and picking up their orders, the hostess told me it would be a few more minutes. Few moments later, she quietly says that my order had been "forgotten" and she was "sorry" and it would be another 20 minutes. I didn't even get my pizza until 7:41. And when I finally picked it up there was no compensation, no coupons for next time, just a simple "Sorry" with a shrug. Terrible service at best. there wasn't a line or anyone waiting to be seated. everyone else had been given their order and mine was pushed aside. I suggest eating elsewhere when you're craving pizza/pasta... unless waiting over an hour sounds appetizing.
5	Great food and great music selection if you enjoy oldies.We started off with the cheese bread, and that was excellent.I ordered the lasagna with 2 meat balls. It was phenomenal, I have tried lasagna at almost every italian place in vegas and I would have to say this place knows how to make their lasagna!My girl ordered the linguine & clams. She said "if I could, I would bathe in the sauce" lol I tried it and I would have to agree with her. Very fresh as well.I would recommend this place, and will come back again to try other things on the menu.
5	Went to this small pizzeria place with my family and we loved it! It is a small place but we prefer going to these kind of places instead of the big/loud places. Had The Works Original Pizza on double crust and it was awesome! My son had the lasagna and it was delicious! Their tomato sauce is freshly made and not canned. Dough is freshly made as well. This is our favorite and go to local pizza place now.
1	Called because of burnt mushrooms and they said that's how they cook them disgusting never again
4	I am surprised to see so many bad reviews. I've been twice and had really great Chicago style pizza and a huge fresh salad each time. The Chicago was really great. The crust and sauce were pretty much perfect. The complimentary bread sticks were soo good, too. My wife had fettuccine with alfredo and it was also some of the best I've ever had. Plus it was only $8!My only complaint was about the house salad. Although huge and fresh, it only encompasses four ingredients. Romaine, cucumbers, tomatoes, and red onions. We got the balsamic and ranch which were both freshly made and fantastic, but the salad could really use some more to it. Croutons and something else like that round it out would be nice. Plus the red onions were so hot and plentiful it tasted like a raw, red onion salad.Service was great and prices were very reasonable, I will continue to go again and again.
5	Great Chicago style deep dish pizza!  After visiting nearly every Italian and Chicago style restaurant in the Valley, I've settled on Maciano's as having the best deep dish in LV.  Keep in mind it will be a wiat, but it's worth it - the perfect balance of dough, sauce, cheese and toppings.  Everything I've gotten seems to be fresh and tasty, and the garlic knot/bread they put out after you order is AMAZING!  I'm a big guy and I could only eat two slices of pizza because I had consumed an entire order of the bread by myself.The ambiance is a very nice pro to Maciano's as well.  They have decorated the dining area with paintings and lights to make it feel very Italian-y, and they play old Italian music or Sinatra style music to add to the feel.   This place is a bit out of the way for most, but if you want great mom and pop style Italian food or deep dish Chicago style pizza then go here!
3	My husband works nearby so I met him here for lunch.  The prices are pretty good.  The complimentary parmesan breadsticks are a real treat!  The pizza was just OK -and I know I say this in all my reviews, but I think it's only fair to mention that I'm a NY'er born and bred - and pizza that's just OK to me is sometimes incredible to others.   The service was fine but waiter was not as attentive as I'd have liked (I really don't like to have to ask for water refills, especially at lunch time when it's not that busy, but I admit I'm a little nitpick-y about service).  Overall I'd say this is a good neighborhood restaurant for lunch and probably even dinner but I wouldn't send people out of their way.  I wanted to give this place 3.5 stars but since it has to be even I felt I should bump it down to 3 instead of up to 4, if that means anything.
4	Great local place.  Chicken sandwich is the best!
4	Forget the Pizza...the Lasagne is to die for. We had a family salad and had to take some home, it was so much we couldn't finish it. We also shared the "make your own" pasta" dinner. The shells were great, and sauces seemed home made. The only negative was the wait for the food.....seemed quite long...perhaps they are making the dishes from scratch? Hope this place doesn't become too popular...we will never get seated!
5	I ordered food for a party I hosted at my home last night. I got the baked mostaccioli and fettuccini from the catering menu. It also came with breadsticks.  It was delicious and everyone enjoyed it.  The delivery was right on time and the driver was polite and helpful.  I have eaten at the restaurant and gotten carryout many times and have never been disappointed.
4	My husband and I tried Maciano's tonight and we were both very pleased with our experience overall. We started off with their complimentary bread bites basket, which was totally yummy! We had the stuffed mushrooms appetizer (delicious!), a caesar side salad (very fresh and great dressing), angel hair pasta with vodka sauce (divine!), an order of meatballs (fantastic!) and a medium pizza (not the greatest pizza we've ever had, but decent enough). We finished with cheesecake and this banana cinnamon pastry thing, which was AWESOME! Our service was great and the atmosphere was charming. We had a $25 dining dough gift certificate that we got as a reward from one of our credit card companies but we still spent another $35 plus the tip so it really wasn't a cheap date but the food was good so we will definitely visit again. Next time we go we intend to try the lasagna!
4	Here again to introduce more friends.  I had veal parm with penne and marinara sauce. Bravo. Big disappointment was the pizza that so many rave about. Crust was soggy (NYers like thin crisp crust) and the slice is eaten folded and molten hot so the roof of your mouth knows it just had great pizza. Also cut a round pie in 8 slices. They cross cut our pie into several dozen square pieces.!!! We'll come back for amazing lasagna and veal parm but never order a pizza.
3	HUGE PORTIONS!  Be careful.  Even though me and 3 of my other homies ordered our own individual items, we all were able to share family style.  We ordered the antipasta salad which was actually amazingly good and although we ordered a small, we were al able to get a good portion!  Yum!  I ordered the shrimp parm, my friend ordered the ravioli, another friend ordered a chicago style deep dish pizza, and another friend ordered the Calzone.My favorite of all the dishes were the Antipasta Salad, and the Calzone (super cheesy just the way I like it)!Everything else was so so, and am not too fond of their marinera sauce.  They do give free sauce and breadsticks at the beginning of your meal and the waitress we had was super nice!
1	As someone who has eaten here often, I have to say the quality just isn't there anymore. Nor is the customer service.We ordered pizza for pickup, and when we got it home...wow. It was supposed to be half and half, but it was more like 1/4-3/4, All of the sauce was on one side of the pizza and that side just had the toppings swimming in the sauce instead of baked into the cheese. And on top of having to usually wait 30 min for the pizza, it took almost an hour. On top of it all, when we decided to actually eat it, 1. it was about half of the thickness it usually is, and 2. it wasn't even cooked all the way through/cold. Nothing like waiting forever for inedible food! Or paying for an amount of food you aren't even receiving. When I contacted the restaurant and asked for a manager, I got the snottiest person I have ever talked to. He only referred to himself as "manager", so I'm not ever sure who I was talking too. He assured me he PERSONALLY made that pizza and I was mistaken about not only the half and half, but everything else as well. Guess my eyes are liars! Sad to say all of this because this used to be my favorite pizza place with authentic Chicago style pizza. Now I will have to search for another. A little customer service goes a long way, and you lost a loyal customer over it.Oh, i did end up getting a refund, an hour and a half later, but we had to take the pizza back (so much for having an evening in) and ended up with little caesars, which was sadly a million times better than this. And a hell of a lot cheaper. Save your money folks and find another restaurant.
1	Family night out so we chose a local place instead of a chain. We had been here before and never had the experience and terrible service we received our last time there. The service was so rude by the server we wondered if shd had something in store for us. Plates were slammed on the table,no return to check on us,no refills,loud noises in the kitchen and overcooked pasta. When she asked at the end if all was good like she cared, I said no it isnt. She then said well looks good to me and walked away again. I live nearby and notice the early closures and lack of cars now..so they get what they deserve. Too bad..was decent the first few times we went there.
1	I order a pizza via there website. It takes 55mins to deliver it. I click on there website "view menu" it brings me to a 3rd party where you can order it. I order a "greek pizza" which is described as Marinara sauce, pepperoni & pepperoncini. When it comes its not even close to what was described on the site. And it was also room temperature. I call them and we finally get it figured out that there site was wrong. The best thing the manager could offer me was 20% off my next visit. He was not very friendly and there will be no next visit.
2	Review for order placed on 9/8/13. This is a place I have been to 30+ times to order take out in the last 4 years. I love there pizza, entrees, coupons, etc. I have been twice this year with very subpar results. Yesterday I found out that they changed owners or management, which made me skeptical. Apparently i should have trusted my instincts. I ordered takeout and they would not honor my coupons, they informed me of new management or owners, ok whatever. When I picked up the order I made sure to ask for a plastic bag to double bag the paper one given. Good thing bc this thing leaked oil ALL OVER THE PLACE. The bag looked like it had a philly cheese steak from Geno's in it. My leather seats would have been ruined. Not to mention the girl at the counter basically rolled her eyes when I asked for the bag and double checked my order in front of her. . I asked for some minor changes to 1 dish, extra meat sauce to the lasagna and a side of sausage. There was little to no meat sauce on this lasagna AT ALL. It was 80% cheese and was just awful, i ended up throwing half of it away. My gf got the Fruiti de Mare and didnt even make it 1/2 way thru her dish before she had the RUNS! Totally unacceptable. I highly doubt I will ever order from this place again. I can think of a better way to spend $30. such a shame. Bye Macianos, we shared many great football Sunday's together but I think that was the last.UPDATE*************Spoke to several people there this evening. The "Manager" was some guy, couldnt hear his name, but could not find my order history for 15 mins, kind of a joke. However i did speak to a Marinka? Who was very nice and actually apologized and refunded my order. That was pleasant as I was only calling to give them my 2 cents. Guess I will give them 1 more shot and hope next time is great like all the previous times.
5	I am surprised at the low rating this spot has, and I'm reluctant to raise it for the mere fact that I don't want the whole valley flooding in to find the closest thing to chi deep dish that I've discovered here in the last 7 years.  But, truly, this is ti!  There isn't another spot that has the crust, ingredient layering, and crushed tomatoes spot on!   Best chi deep dish hands down.
5	Some of the best Pesto I've ever had. Also -- the thin crust pizza is OUTSTANDING. The mussels appetizer is also fantastic...super friendly staff. We love this place!
2	First off, I would've given them four stars because we love the food and have been longtime customers. But this time around, there were just two too many fouls that I had to post a review. They recently posted a large, banner advertising 20% off carryout ad delivery. In a very proud and aggressive move to, I assume, gain more business, yet when I called and asked about it, the girl who answered so happily suddenly changed tones as if I told her I just ran over her dog. With a reluctant yes we still offer the discount, I gave her my order and she gave me my total. How not surprised was I when I got the receipt to see that they gave me a whopping $3.00 off. That would be so mathematically correct if I had ordered $15.00 worth of food but sadly I did not. I ordered $28.00 worth. Not wanting to add a sour taste to my mouth right before eating dinner, I didn't say anything but " screw it, I got $3.00 off". On the bright side, I will probably save way more not eating there again. So thanks to the girl who gave me that measley discount under the guise that they knew their math, and for her obvious disappointment that I could read the giant 20% off sign hanging over their door.  You'd think the discount was coming straight out of her own pocket. Well, just in case it is..... you owe me three more dollars!!!
5	I moved here from chicago 7 years ago& there has been SOME good pizza but most is horrible!! Pie town pizza was awesome..taste of chicago had a good deep dish and bomb italian beef but they lost it!!! Less sauce less meat&same price you lose!!! My friend from the east coast ate here a week ago after moving to this side of town. I had some hesitations cause we have had nothing but cheese on a cracker delivered to our house called a pizza and WAY overpriced!! East coast pizza :( umm that's you east west pizza has went to crap do not order from them it has been awful!! But tonight we ordered a "stuffed" meat pizza..jacelyn told me its not stuffed its chicago style..WELL I asked so deep dish, or stuffed or what? she only had chicago style to answer..I then said sooo like gino's deep dish or Giordano's stuffed..there was no answer.. besides chicago style..I was hesitant..but holy crap order the meat chicago style it is deep dish delicious!!! And our delivery driver was the best!!! Sorry your name was not on the ticket but THANK YOU for bringing us back our bruscetta it was so good and we will order again soon!!!
1	First time ever writing a review but I feel like I need to about this place. I've have had frozen Pizza that is better then the Pizza here. Crust is like cardboard.... The waitress was rude and impatient. Throwing plates of food on the table and quickly walking away. None of our food got eaten or boxed up and she didn't even ask us if anything was wrong. Just awful all around. If they offered me a free meal to try it again I wouldn't go
3	We came here on a Sunday evening and ordered1. M Deep dish - Hawaiian Luau, 18.492. Bacon and Cheese french fries, 6.49for $3.22 (Used a $12 Living Social valued at $25) - Free bread sticks with marinara sauce! Fresh, soft, with a slight crisp. Best part of the evening. - Clean and inviting atmosphere! Nice Italian design. - 45 minute wait time for deep dish or pan pizza! - Bacon and cheese fries were pretty good. crispy and stuck together. But compared to 6.50 carne asada fries, these fries are sub-par. - Our waitress decided to tell us that the Hawaiian pizza comes with BBQ sauce, and that it was better in pan than deep dish, but ignored to tell use the charge for deep dish. - HIDDEN charge! When we got the check, they charged $21.49 for the pizza. The conversation with Marinka went something like this: "$3 extra for deep dish bc it requires more dough"Where does it say that on the menu?"hold on..."Minutes later..."My manager decided to refund the $3 back"HAHA...FAIL..- Pizza was delicious! 8 slices in medium. Very cheesy. Crispy crust, but a bit wet inside. Less pineapples than expected. Needs toppings and less cheese. small bits of ham. IMO, the flavor of Round Table Maui Zaui is better. - We got 6 slices to-go and decided to weigh it at home. 4lbs! Amazing! Heavy. haha
5	I purchased a Groupon for this restaurant today and decided to give it a chance after some friends recommended it. I bought a 14" Chicago-style deep dish pepperoni pizza, garlic cheese bread and some fries. There was a beautiful/smiling face at the counter that offered great service and it didn't take long for the food to come out (I placed the order on the way). The pizza was amazing (and filling). I've been looking for some good Chicago-style pies in Vegas for awhile now and I think I have found it (finally)! The cheese bread tasted great as well. The inside of the restaurant is themed, and both family and date friendly. I plan to try out their chicken parmigiana as soon as I am in the are again!
4	I really like some of the stuff on the menu, mainly the Chicago style deep dish. It's very good and totally worth it. I ordered some other stuff and wasn't impressed, the calamari was sketchy at best. Overall a great place to go and eat, good service and fairly nice and clean although it's a small place and can be a long wait sometimes
4	Went there this afternoon with a friend and his daughters and we had a nice experience. I found it odd that there was no music playing in the dining room, making conversation with kids the center of entertainment for the room. The girls had spaghetti, which was tasty and we split a salad and the chicken marsala. The spinach/Gorgonzola salad was amazing! No lie, delicious. The pasta was average. Our server was very pleasant as well and efficient. Nice job!
1	Not sure where to begin. I dined with my husband hoping for authentic Italian cuisine and sadly, we were SO disappointed. Our appetizers were still frozen inside. When our waiter came to check on us, I told him about the mozzarella sticks. His response,"Oh. Uh. Uh. Do you want me to take these back?" It was really hard to notice his disgust and sarcasm in his response. We already ordered a pizza, which we were told would take 45 minutes, so we waited in hopes of it being delicious. When he brought it to us 45 minutes later, it was cold ...and just gross. Another notable observation; The waiter NEVER CAME BACK TO OUR TABLE. Not to check on us. Not to refill drinks. Nothing. We had to go to the hostess stand to get our bill. The food was just awful, as was the customer service. Believe me, we will never come back.
2	I hate to only give this place two stars, because I really enjoy their food. Unfortunately, I experienced some pretty terrible service today that the BEST food in the world wouldn't make up for. I placed an order online at 11:20 am and was informed that my pizza would arrive within 55 minutes. An hour and a half later, still no pizza. I called the restaurant and was told that the delivery driver had left with my order more than 15 minutes earlier. I live only 3 minutes from the restaurant... so where's my pizza??Another 15 minutes went by and I hear a noisy car (loud exhaust, after-market parts, etc) pull into my driveway. The delivery kid couldn't have been more than 20 years old and he informed me that his car is "totally unsafe" to drive in the rain and that's why it took him so long to get to my house. Ummmm ok, kid. After reheating my pizza, it was pretty good... but sadly, I won't be placing another order with Maciano's.
4	We had a party of 6 and enjoyed free breadsticks as we were first time guests. Our service was friendly and attentive. The lasagna and Fruiti De Mare were both amazing and the children's portions were large! The only thing that keeps me from 5 stars was the wine selection. I would like to see a better selection to accommodate the wonderful food.
1	I've really tried giving this place a chance but I'm now at my wit's end.  I ordered take-out a number of times because the place is on the way home from work.  The pizza is average at best, but what finally broke the camel's back is my latest experience.I ordered online.  I had to wait about an hour from clicking the send button to being handed my pizzas.  The two customers ahead of me received the wrong order.  And on top of it all "Renard" decides to give my wife an attitude after yelling at his staff in front of the customers.  I'll never give this place my business again.
1	The service is horrible. I ordered pick up twice and both times i showed up when my order was supposed to be ready. I had to wait 45 extra minutes each time. And the second time they told me they forgot to make my order after sitting in front of them for 45 minutes. NEVER EAT HERE!!!!!!!!
1	Not only did they get my delivery order completely wrong, but the delivery man texted me trying to hit on me hours after he delivered my messed up order. Inappropriate and creepy. Never again.
2	I want to like this place as it is so close to my house, but their food quality is too hit and miss. This time the pizza was okay, but the bacon ranch fries have apparently changed since the last several times we ordered them. It was obvious one of the cheeses they put on the fries was like Kraft singles and it was disgusting in combination with the other ingredients. We couldn't even eat it.Whenever I eat in the restaurant the wait staff is usually quite poor. They don't come to your table often enough which leaves you unable to eat without having a drink to help wash it down.Overall, just poor attention to detail in quality of service and food quality.
2	Okay, what the H E double hockey sticks. This place has good food. For the price, for "fast food". Go maybe twice a year for a long time. The Breadsticks/ sauce they bring to the table are the best. Love their red sauces. I've had calamari; it was good. The service is just...weird. It can be okay, it can be fast, but it's usually lax.This last time our waiter told us not to order certain things, after trying to upsell us on the Fruti de Mar. At this point I'm not trusting in the freshness of mussels and clams, yet. Nice try, though. My friend ordered tortellini with vodka sauce. Our waiter said, "no, you shouldn't order that." Um...okay. Though they regarded against it, the pairing was good, she said.There was a man playing music, which was a nice touch. Except all we could hear was "Ya'll gonna make me lose my mind...up in here, up in here." DMX rap booming through the kitchen walls. I mean, it was too loud,Found out a lot of details about the business that customers really don't need to know. It was a lot of TMI, I won't go I to too many details but I do believe the wait time problem for order outs because the server said that the do deliveries while serving tables understaffed.  Kinda hard to fill waters if you are driving an order somewhere.It's sad that I can't give them more stars for their food, because the service is so...strange. I hope they can keep up their food quality, get less managers (maybe one GOOD one) and more well trained servers to turn things around.
4	I used to come here all the time and when the owns changed I stopped coming but I'm glad to say after going back the food is just as good and the customer services the same as well. They even had someone playing a love instrument which made the evening even better.
5	Best pizza in Las Vegas by far! If you're a fan of Chicago style, you will not be disappointed.  Caprese salad is awesome too.
1	So much for that groupon. Tried to go there today only to find the doors closed and tables gone.
2	Great food but terrible terrible service, called an an order and almost after one whole hour after promise time food finally came out for pick up to go. It really is too bad that they went out of business because the food was really good.
