4	I really enjoy staying at Tuscany especially whenever we're with a large group of people.  The rooms are larger than the typical Vegas deluxe rooms.  Though Tuscany calls their rooms, "suites," there aren't too many sweet things about it besides the size.  It's just a place to crash for a large group of people... we like the idea of not having to go through the casino to get to the rooms too.
4	This was a great surprise considering the fantastic deal we got through expedia. The rooms were super clean, very large (compared to 95% of other similarly priced rooms) and the property, while behind the strip, certainly had its charm. The staff was friendly, the shops near the casino were quite cute, and Marilyn's cafe was super cheap and pretty good, as well as being open 24 hrs. I will definitely stay here again, but I will ask for more coffee in the room. 1 pack for 3 people, are they insane??
4	Another hodge podge review.The rooms were a 4, very spacious, separate tub and shower, queen beds, and even a kitchen area (fridge, sink, stove).  It's not luxurious or anything though, just large.  Not a bad place to go with a group.  We also got a great deal off expedia so it was SO worth it (though it's a little further from the strip, we had a car so that didn't matter).Poker room generally had over 2 tables going.  Another 10 a.m. start time for daily holdem tourneys and they're also re-buy tourneys which I personally hate but some people might prefer.Casino didn't have that many table games, no pai gow :(  Signing up for the rewards club does give you some free slot play though which is nice.They've got a reasonably priced Marilyn's cafe but when I was there the service was slow and food average though you'll definitely be full.Oh, also an 11 a.m. checkout time which can really kill that last day for you.
4	Man is this place affordable or what?!?!?Weekday prices, $70/night, Weekends it's $140. What you get is a very spacious 2 bedroom suite, fridge (but no microwave?), sofa, chair, desk, table, standing shower, separate tub, toilet with it's own door. That's just the room.By the pool, they have pizza at just $4 for a personal size, a casino that has low minimums, a business center, a gym, another (lap) pool, multiple conference rooms if you are booking something for your work. This place is just affordle for Vegas. And I love that it's just next to Terribles when you need some late night grubbing for hella cheap.I would give this place 5 stars, but getting a taxi is a biatch since the hotel is off the strip.
2	Next time I'm in Vegas I will not stay here.  The hotel is okay but considering it's Vegas, i guess i expect a little more.  If this hotel was in Fresno or something like that I would have probably given it another star as my expectations would have been lower for it.The rooms are large which is great but they are designed a little funky and the space could be used in a better way. The bathroom is the same - large but could have been designed a little better.This hotel is more like an apartment complex in that there are a number of building.  We were in M which is far from the front and when you're wearing heels that kinda sucks.Also - I found the staff to be a little rude and unaccomodating.  When we saw how far back we would be, we asked if there was anything closer - we just got a no.  Friends of ours who cam in later got a closer room.  We were like - thought you said there wasn't anything closer.  All in all this place is just okay.
4	We just stayed at the Tuscany for three days, and really enjoyed it. The rooms are large, but it's a bit of a moot point since most people don't stay in their rooms when in Vegas. What does matter, however, is that it was clean (though, as usual, we pulled the bedspread off). I don't know why some people were appalled at the so called "screening" process - it's pretty standard, you give a photo ID and the credit card you booked with. As for the employees, we had no problems, everyone was very nice and helpful. As I have said before, if you're nice to people, chances are they will be nice back. I believe they have changed the checkout time, because were told it was 12, not 11. The pool is nice, as is the hot tub. Not luxury pools, but nice and refreshing after a hot day. It was never too crowded, and we were there Sat-Mon. The only annoyances were that the towels were really small and rough, and they play some obnoxious pop radio station over the loudspeakers. They will turn it off if asked. The casino was OK, the poker tables had low limits which is less intimidating, and the spinners at the roulette table were really friendly. The only big negative about this place is that the food SUCKS. The strip is only a short walk away though (we walked there everytime, it's totally do-able) so just go somewhere else to eat.
4	I've never actually "stayed" here, so the review is not about the rooms.  However, since my hubby and I are locals, we frequent the place quite often.  Becuase its off strip, they don't get that tourist crowd too much.  The rewards program is awesome if you're local, you get lots of food coupons and comps, etc.  The diner is cool, the food is good, and the people are friendly.
2	1 of the spots I stayed @ when I was N Vegas...Rooms R big and spacious...Didn't have much channels on the TV...Sum1 burnt sum popcorn or coffee & it stank the whole damm hallway...FUCK!!! Separate tub & shower, which is nice, but U couldn't do much NEways cuz there wasn't any room 2 maneuver...Haha! Spot was cool...Had the mini-stove (2 burners) & a lil fridge n room, but U couldn't do shit cuz there wasn't no pots/pans or flatware/dishware...Didn't eat any of the food there or even stepped n the casino, so I really couldn't tell U bout that shit...I jus know that I started wit 5 stars & started subtractin 4 lack there of...Enuff said...
3	Tuscany Suites wasn't the best or flashiest hotel on the Strip, but it was good for the price.  The rooms were fairly large, but noisy.  The walls were thin and the floors shook when you walked.  The staff were friendly and, the service was decent.  Overall, though, not a bad deal for the price.
5	The value for this place is awesome and the room is huge for what your paying for. I will be staying here again for sure and recommend friends to stay at this hotel. I am glad my friend told me to stay here.
4	Didn't really stay here but the ppl we met did.It was about $160 a night and you get a studio with 2 beds, a pull out sofa, a TV, a standard fridge and stove.  Sooooo if you worked it out right you can fit about 6 ppl comfortably or more for CHEAP!This place is kinda off the strip..... though they had taxi service, it took my friend and I about 10 mins in the cold to finally get one.The swimming poolS *yes more than one! are pretty nice!!
1	I knew it was a sign when my co-worker told me her car got STOLEN when she stayed here.Strike one...I still stayed here.Then my friend got MUGGED right outside the hotel's casino at night.Strike two...booked a room again.Why you ask? Because it's so cheap for such a spacious room that you caould practically fit a small village in. By no mean is it a glamorous hotel, but then again, in a city that doesn't sleep...how often will you be actually staying in it?? Well aside from the occasional power naps...not much.It's a 5 minute drive from the strip, which isn't too bad. And we found an online deal for $97 a night! How could you say no?? And early check-in is an extra $10.BUT, the the hotel management had the nerve to charge us EXTRA for our room AFTER we stayed there. They said they made the mistake of undercharging us. WTF?? Why do you advertise a price, wait till we stay there, then charge us extra for your fault in misprice?? 30 minutes talking to front desk got us nowhere and we left frustrated. I looked past alot of flaws this place had, but enough is enough. Faulty secutity, shady characters, and poor management add up to a crappy hotel.Strike three...you're OUT!They get one star for their $3.99 steak and eggs (comes with toast and hashbrowns) at Marilyn's Cafe from midnight-5am. Great for sobering up and after you lost almost all your money gambling!But if you're coming here for that, come with a buddy...or maybe some pepperspray.
4	This place was actually a pretty decent place to say. We had a large 1-bedroom suite with a king size bed, living room area with a couch and single seat chair, coffee table, a kitchen area with a small stove and oven, full size refrigerator w/freezer, and a small dining room table. Our bathroom was pretty big as well as it had a separate bathtub and shower as well as a lot of space in general.This had to be the only place on our entire trip in San Francisco and Las Vegas where the A/C unit in the room could get room temperatures to just above freezing. Ok, so I'm exaggerating, but seriously, this was the best A/C unit we had because it made the room damn cold--something we couldn't find in the four other hotels we had stayed in during our trip. Not only could it get down to a cold temperature, the fan was super powerful as well so it really cooled down the room in a hurry. A definite plus when you're coming in from the triple digit highs in Vegas during the summer.As far as everything else in our room went, everything was pretty standard. Our TV actually had a lot of channels on it (you know how hotels have custom stations, well this one had a lot of them at least 40+). Our bed was ok, not the softest, but not the hardest to sleep on either. Once again we were disappointed that we didn't have complementary WIFI or wired Internet. One last thing of note--while they have a lot of parking all the good spaces get taken up at night so if you're coming in from a late night on the Strip be warned that you might not get a space near your room. You may have to walk a bit.Overall, pretty good experience, room size, and not too far away from the Strip.
3	It's an affordable place to stay in Vegas. Within walking distance of the main part of the strip. My boy stays here a lot for business trips, though I must admit it's not as flashy as the other casinos. The crowd is older, more relaxed. It got to the point where I looked suspicious because I was a twenty-something lady. Not sure if it was just a weird weekend or what...but the only other twenty-something female sitting at the bar sortakindamaybe looked like she was soliciting some illegal activities if-you-know-what-I-mean...or was coked up on something...or, you know what, she just looked kind of skanky in general...but hey, what do I know? Not much about Vegas, I'll tell you that. I've only been there two or three times. Highlights: I played video poker for the first time. There were incredibly cheap drinks at the bar. The rooms are REALLY spacious. There's a pool. It's serviceable. Granted it's not like the one in Mandalay Bay (the one with the manufactured waves, right? you know what I'm talking about...), but it's good to have a cool body of water to dunk yourself into when you're under that sizzling vegas sun. It's across the way from Lawry's, if you like Prime Rib. It's AFFORDABLE. So, if you don't want to pay Vegas prices, but want to go to Vegas, you can just stay here and then walk to the glitzier casinos...:)
3	I stayed here on a last minute trip to Vegas.  The room was a good deal and seemed closer to the Strip than South Point (my fave thus far-aside from TheHotel....).  Anyway, the beers are like $2 at the bar and they have a lot of penny slots.  The only thing I was kind of creeping out on was the pit boss.  She was all gangsta.... come to think of it, most of the employees did....Either way there were some nice workers and it served its purpose.  The room was big but by no means fancy.
3	What can I say, back when I was in college and funds were not really all that plentiful, we stayed her because at the time we thought we were getting a decent price.  (I scratched and saved all I could in the coming weeks, eating nothing but top ramen morning to evening.)  We crammed some people into one of their suites and for the most part we were able to drink in the room before and after our romps to the clubs and bars.  And for the most part while at times the volume may have gone up, for the most part, no one complained about the noise we were making.  (I must say I was very surprised, my luck in the past has always been pretty crappy staying in hotels with so many people.)  The crowd here is much older then most college aged people though, (They are probably staying in the Excalibur or god forbid Circus Circus.)  I will say that if you are the type that likes to cruise the pools for woman or men, like some of the big and popular pool side casinos on the strip, with tons of eye candy, you probably aren't going to find it here, unless you are after cougars, MILF's and DILF's).  But hey, what ever floats your boat...  It is worth mentioning that from google earth the location seems really close to the strip which at the time seemed to fit the balance of distance and cost.  But we were to discover in reality, when you are intoxicated and out of cash and have to carry one of the girls in the group back over because her shoes hurt her feet to much for the walk, it is pretty damn far.  At least it feels that far.  Damn it's far.The staff overall here are pretty nice, I didn't have complaints and the housekeeping kept us comfortable and didn't say anything to the front desk considering the alarming number of towels were being used every night.  Late at night, the restaurant was awesome.  Really cheap eats at a bargain of a price.  I was dumbfounded.  And quite liquored up.  It was both.  Twilight specials on steak and eggs and burgers between 12-4.  It was dirt cheap, and very convenient.  Overall I had a decent time, it was a place were you could lay down and rest, and besides most of the time you were out on the street up to public mischief and drunken debauchery.Still, these days, now that I'm a working professional and not at the mercy of a group to plan my trips, I've realized that you can find bargains at a similar price at quite a few places on the strip.
4	My husband and I have stayed here a few times.  We like this hotel because it gives you a break from the "busy" part of the trip.  It is more of a family and couples place.  You don't have to go through an entire casino to get to your room or pool area.  You can take a walk through the grounds which are well manicured.  The rooms are decent, clean and very spacious.
4	We booked a room here on Booking.com for $50 a night. The hotel is pretty nice. Think "really nice apartment complex" with studio rooms. The rooms are really big.  If you're going for fancy, this isn't your place. Honestly though, how often do you go to Vegas and spend a lot of time in your room?...thought so.The hotel is about a 3 minute drive to the strip.  It's much more quieter than staying anywhere on the strip.  You don't have to walk through a smoke infested casino to get to your hotel room. Interior design of the rooms are not that great, but it does give off a clean feel.  The rooms have couches, a bed (or two depending on your preference), huge living area, a double stove top for your cooking convenience, cabinets, and a two door bathroom that separates the toilet from the tub and shower. The rooms are pretty comfy and cozy and they give off a home kinda feeling. I personally liked their rooms and it definitely served its purpose.Who needs fancy anyway?
4	Cheap & not far from the strip.Plenty of parking.  They're like apartment complexes.  Lots of room, clean, not ghetto, and great bath & body shampoo/conditioner, lotion. =)
4	Great room for the price we found online at Tripres.com ... Only $54 for a Friday night in February! The rooms are the biggest I've seen in town. Little kitchen area with fridge and sink and microwave. Bath has a separate tub and shower.   Plenty of parking and plenty of quiet, landscaped pathways to wind your way through on your way to the casino or the pool.   Great little casino and nice little restaurants too.  Their coffee shop, Marilyn's Cafe, has all the standard fare and at fair prices. The Mexican restaurant, The Cantina, has some of the best pico de gallo I've ever tasted.  I haven't tried their Italian restaurant yet, but I've heard it is a good one too.For large, reasonably priced rooms and decent chow, check out the Tuscany on Flamingo!
2	-its a nice hotel, but very bad customer service from desk.-the rooms are very big, and they have a little kitchen.-its very clean and properly mantained._fitness room, lap pool  and nice jacuzzi.
1	We stayed here in January 2009 for a softball tournament.  This was the host hotel.  Nice big rooms.  Unfortunately, our room was broken into.  We filed a report, and asked to change rooms.  They agreed, but we had to wait 1 hour while they cleaned up a new room for us, which they gave us keys for, but couldn't use yet.  We went back and packed everything up and left it ready to move.  Before we left, we verified that the door was locked.  We pushed on it.  Hard.  Went and ate lunch in their restaurant to pass the time, and we were hungry.  When we got back to our old room, our keys wouldn't work.  Out of curiosity, we just pushed on the door and it opened.  Without a key!!!  And while we were at lunch, our room had been rifled through ... AGAIN!!!  And some of our stuff smelled like cat urine!  W.  T.  F.  !!!We amended our original security incident with the security manager.  And talked to the front desk manager again.  They said they never heard of this before and hopefully our new room would be better.No offer to comp anything.  Except the security manager did give the claims office number and said they 'might' be able to help compensate for anything lost or damaged.  We will never stay here again.
1	Very clean, large room. Grounds look very well kept.1. The checkin time is 3pm ?!?! and there is a $12 charge for early checkin.2. There is a PER LAPTOP charge of $13/day for wifi - I have NEVER heard of individual machines being charged for access at a business hotel - pathetic.3. A call to the front desk explaining that I had specifically inquired about this issue before booking fell on deaf and bored ears.Well maintained place, management is not very good.I might stay again, we'll see how the rest of the stay goes.
3	This is a nice enough place off-strip.  The staff and bartender we talked to were super friendly.  The only negative was that the casino quickly took my $65 bucks.  Oh well, operator error?We wouldn't have found The Tuscany but we decided to walk back to the strip from the Atomic Testing Museum.  This was the perfect half-way point on our walk.  We needed the AC!  I guess a cab would have been cheaper at the end of the day.  Oh well.
4	I decided to stay here this time because of the excellent room rate of only $20 per night through Expedia.com.  Very nice room size, king bed, non-smoking, separate seating area, and a small kitchen area.  Nothing luxurious, but lots of space.  That made it feel more like home instead of just staying in a small, cramped standard hotel room.Check-in was reasonably quick.  The hotel and grounds are very nice.  They are landscaped, well maintained, and free of trash or debris.  The pool area, while not very large, was very pleasant.  There is free internet access in the hotel lobby and outside near the pool area.  However, they charge like $13.99 per day for internet in your room, which is ridiculous, but seems to be the vegas norm.  All of the staff I dealt with were friendly and outgoing.  Marilyn's cafe was very tasty and reasonably priced, with exceptionally good service.The only negatives were that, even though it's only a couple of blocks, it's quite a hike to the strip along Flamingo Road.  It's fine during the day, but walking back late at night was kind of eerie.  I counted at least five bums (PC - Homeless People) passed out or sleeping either on the sidewalk, on the grass, or at the bus stops.  Then I had to squeeze  through a group of about 7 guys who were smoking weed on the sidewalk near the Westin Causerina.  Most distressing, but nobody bothered me. Oh, and the walls are pretty thin.  You can hear everything going on around you, so keep the fan on.All in all, I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again, especially with room rates as low as they are now.
3	When this place first opened, my friends and I stayed here all the time! HUGE ROOMS for cheap!!! I like how the toilet is in its own separate room from the bathroom. So someone can use the restroom while other people can use the mirror or sink. Great if there are lots of you getting ready at the same time. Unfortunately, I'm not a fan of the casino. Small and I just don't have good energy at that casino. Something just feels off. Also, the last time we stayed back whenever Pacquiao fought Hatton....the elevators were not working. And The side our room was at, the door wouldnt open from outside so we had to walk all the way around. =/ If Im on a spontaneous trip to vegas and dont want to spend a handful on a hotel, i'll come back. Other than that, I'll stay back on the strip.
4	HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!Our first visit was in late June.  The room was fantastic, large, clean, and complete with microwave, fridge, coffee maker, great bathroom with large tub.  The beds were average comfortable and changed daily.We found the staff to be very helpful and courteous.  The casino had a couple of great penny machines that would once in awhile spit out over a hundred in pay back, but of course it all went back into the machine hoping for the BIG one.The pool and other public areas are very nicely landscaped and super clean.  They have a very handy coffee shop and Marilyn's Cafe has decent food at realistic prices.  They even throw in a few coupons for "buy one get one entrees" at a couple of their restaurants.  There is plenty of easy parking and friendly valets out front should you desire.A couple of other conveniences are a half price ticket office in the lobby and free wireless in the public rooms.The Tuscany is not too far from the Strip, just up from the Flamingo.  In the heat of summer the walk is not recommended, nor would it be prudent to try it late at night as Vegas can be extremely dangerous off the beaten path.  Best of all our room was twenty dollars a night.  While there I signed up for the casino club and shortly after returning home they offered us a room, with food coupons and twenty dollars casino credit, for $19.50.  Needless to say, we are returning early in August.  Hail to the Tuscany!
2	I booked a couple weeks in advanced using Kayak.com so I paid $48 for one night plus the Las-Vegas-Style "resort fee" that every hotel charges which gives you a free gym pass, that I never used.  Oh well.  $11 more.  On the one hand, the rooms were GIGANTIC.  Like, almost too big.  I think the designer of this hotel was a handicapped obese person.  AND YET.  The shower was small and the towels felt like burlap.  The shower head was also barely more than a pipe with a hole in it.  I believe that half of your comfort in a hotel room comes from the quality of the bathroom and that was a severe let down.The front desk staff was kind of snobby and condescending but was considerate enough to help me find a room that was the least smokey, which is a feat in Vegas.  I'd give this place three stars instead of two but some jackass who was parking next to me (or trying to) ended up damaging the front left fender of my car!  Wtf!
4	You get what you pay for.Large rooms, cheap prices but below average location and amenities. Unless you will be spending 15 hours in your room a day, this will get the job done. Not great for couples or special occasions as the service and amenities are not great.For large groups or parties of 10 or more looking to cram in a room for a weekend, cant go wrong.
3	I have to give it to the Tuscany.   They have bent over backwards for the convention I attended.  It was a convention for bigger men, aka fat guys like me.  Given the special needs that fat people can sometimes have, the hotel was awesome at accommodating us.  The pool was nice, clean, and they had plenty of pool towels. The rooms were clean and the king size bed was comfortable.  The furnishings are nothing special.  I think I could find all of it in a JC Penney furniture department, but I think they were going for economical and something that somewhat fit the theme of the hotel.  More on that later. I do have one major complaint about a totally minor thing.  I am impressed by the showers.  They have a clear glass door and the showerhead isn't at chest level.  I find that many hotels have showerheads that are low.  So that is all good.  The complaint is with the soap dish holder in the shower.  It is at a funky angle so nothing stays in it.  Just when you think you've got the soap and/or shampoo just right, it flies right out on the floor.  I have just been leaving things on the floor, which kinda grosses me out.  I don't know if they actually clean the floor or just wipe it down.  I don't want to think about it!The lobby has a few seating areas that are nice. They try to go with an Italian villa kind of theme, but they don't have the money of Disneyland nor the expertise, so things fall a little short.  Nice to look at but not wondrous.  All of the employees are tremendously helpful and pleasant.  Whatever needs we had, they were able to help us out.  Check out my review of one of the employees at Marilyn's Cafe, located in the casino.The casino is mostly machines, not the table games I expect in most casinos.  There is a slight smell of smoke in there, but nothing overpowering.  (Jeff felt the room smelled strongly of cleaning products, but I didn't notice or didn't care about the smell.)  I never saw the casino full, but not being on the strip, I didn't really expect it to be bustling like the MGM or Stratosphere.  Being off the strip but near enough to get there was nice.  Staying here was a nice, comfortable and economical visit.
3	I booked a room the night before my planned visit and the weekend of a major boxing event in Vegas. Total for the two nights(friday and saturday) came to be about 198.00. The hotel also charges the 11.20 fee a night.Quick and friendly staff at checkout.Room was a little outdated(check back soon for pictures)and included the floral comforter, old wood furniture and a tube tv.Bathroom was big though and had a separate toilet area.I thought it was weird that we called room service for a bottle opener and was told there was none at the hotel....we were awoken by  heavy footsteps saturday morning, and it sounded like someone was jumping on the floor directly above ours, negative one star!another drawback, we stayed in building L, the farthest from the hotel lobby and casino area and taxi area. it was freezing and was a pain in the ass to walk in the cold as the "wings" of the hotel are NOT connected to the main hotel lobby area, also the asian taxi guy totally screwed us by telling us to wait inside and he would call when a taxi came for us but kept allowing others to go ahead! what the hell???if its any help...i wouldnt go back nor recommend this hotel, i would check out the platinum suites next door(ive stayed here and its great0 or check out the westin, another great hotel
4	I've stayed here twice when we've had groups of 100+ poor college kids. Book a couple of floors, hand out keys to the most sober/responsible drunks and you're good to go.Sure, the walk to the strip is like 15 minutes, but if you have a drink in your hand, the bright lights and your stumbling friends keep you entertained the whole time.The pool is fun. Clean. The hotel looks pretty nice during the day, actually.The suites are pretty nice for what you pay. I've never had to deal with management, but the custodial staff is super friendly, and have helped me find my way to my room when lost the first night I arrived there.Oh, and after you emerge from whatever hole on the strip you've drunken yourself stupid at, head back to the suites for $3.99 steak and eggs. I've broken being vegetarian for this meal. It's filling, its cheap, it soaks up the poison in your stomach.Eat, pay, and pass out.Wake up and do it again.Thanks, Tuscany Suites, for some amazing, cheap Vegas weekends.
4	Felt like an nice apartment complex. Rooms are very spacious with couches, dining table, sink, and big bathroom. The rooms are fairly cheap in price, got mine for 25 a night. Drawbacks? The rooms do look a bit outdated, kind of stale and not much to look at with a small TV. Yes I understand its a few blocks away from the strip, but I am reviewing the hotel and wont knock it down for that.
2	It's not the best place but it's decent and waaaaay better than Circus Circus (where I felt like I should disinfect myself). Only thing I really don't like is that it's so spread out and there are multiple buildings so if it's cold outside and you need to go to the lobby, bring a parka.
4	I liked this place a whole bunch! I got it for $25/night (plus $10/night "resort fee") on Expedia. I expected a lot worse, but I was pleasantly surprised at the cleanliness of the room, the friendliness of the staff, and the gigantic room! The casino was pretty small but so what? It's just a short walk to the Strip. They even have a shuttle to take you to Hard Rock. You can buy your discounted show tickets in the lobby of the hotel. We bought Phantom tix for $65/pp (look for the $2 off coupon in the booklet they give you at check-in). Fabulous!
4	I don't understand the 3* average here.  For $55 (incl tax and resort fee) I got a large king room on Saturday night during the CES.  This included wifi in the common areas, plus free use of the gym.  The hotel and casino are clean and well-maintained, and the location is good (a half-mile from the center of the strip).  I was very happy with this find.
3	Cheap room (21/night + 10 resort fee on Expedia). So you can't complain about the price. Nice large rooms with the ugliest bedding decor, scratchiest towels in the world, and doors that didn't always want to unlock on the first, second, or third time! EEEEKKKKK....now I know why it was so cheap. Overall a decent little hotel/casino. Small restaurant and casino, but very quiet with plenty of close by parking. I was there on business, so didn't spend much time at the resort. But I would stay here again with my kids or even for a girlfriend trip because there is lots of room.
4	I loved the place! I got a deal for 30 dollars through hotwire (plus 10 dollar resort fee).I went to Vegas for a conference, and I wanted to stay away from the Strip without being that far away. Tuscany is around 7-8 minutes walking distance from the strip. It is one of the few hotels in Vegas where you don't need to go through the casino and smoke to get to your room - and what a room! It was better than my apartment in Boston! You have a small kitchen, a sofa, two arm chairs etc.There are a few restaurants within the hotel, a gym, and a pool, too. If you want to use Wi-Fi in the lobby, it is free, though they charge you for room Wi-Fi service.
3	Cheap enough hotel. It's close enough to the strip that you could walk to a lot of hotels. It's not popular enough to have taxis hanging around the hotel; please call ahead. The beds are about as comfortable as slabs of concrete though.
4	I stayed here with a coworker for the annual Baker to Vegas run between April 16-19.  Even though I booked it at the last minute, the rate was pretty reasonable as we paid about $300 for three nights.  I have researched and I see that one could get the rooms at well under $70 a night if they reserve far enough in advance.  Our room was very (almost extraordinarily large) for a hotel room.  It had all of the basic amenities:  TV (CRT/no flat screen), large bath, shower, clean white sheets, refrigerator, safe, closet, iron and ironing board.  I don't remember if it had a microwave... I don't think it did.  Plenty of spots for parking and the staff was friendly and helpful.  The rooms are large and clean and the only complaint I have is that in the morning, the neighbors above can be heard.  I guess the ceiling walls are thin or we had a herd of elephants as neighbors.  Super close to the strip, but without the exorbitant premium in price.  I think I will come back.
1	When I made the reservation I told the girl I wanted a suite, she said all the rooms were suites so I shut up and made my reservation!Straight up, WE DID NOT CHECK IN TO A SUITE! its true.. the room is huge! A HUGE DUMP!EVERYTHING IS OLD. The big fat tv is aquardly sitting atop the dresser, the toilet seat was so worn out from having so many asses rubbed against it that in several spots the color had faded from white to balck, the bedspread was from 1970, the blankets were thin, the AC was loud, the floors were thin, and you could literally see the lumps in the pillows and in the bed!Needless to say, I do not want to stay here again. There are FAR too many cool places in vegas I want to try.. I just wish I hadn't tried this one.
1	HATED this place...1. The buildings need elevators at BOTH ends!2. Get some new TVs3. Needs more comfortable bedding4. FOR THE LOVE OF GOD.....get new toilet seats! They were sooooo old that there were wear marks down to the bare material from all the ass rubbing goin on, disgusting!...much more could be said, but I think I got my point across1 star is being generous..DO NOT STAY HERE
2	stayed for one friday night. the rooms are very roomy! all the rooms are suites. it's not far from the strip. you could walk there if you wanted to. would definitely come back. parking was slightly inconvenient...didnt know we would have to drive to different complexes to get to our hotel. we lugged all our stuff in, only to find out we'd have to drive allllll the way around the building to get to our hotel room. so lugged allllll our stuff back into the car after we checked in and did that. the concierge was difficult to understand, cuz of his accent and i felt he thought i was lying about having a reservation....wtf??? i may be wrong for feeling this way, but i did.so the room...stayed in room d306. they have the bulky tvs. havent upgraded to flat screens yet. our shower door was hard to open! we had to fight with it a couple of times. the shower heads are like the ones at MGM. we ordered extra towels and they arrived 2 hours after we called for them. -__- also...when we ordered pizza...it didnt arrive for OVER AN HOUR! redonkuloussss if u ask me.well...we checked out of the room around noonish over the phone and my friend and i sat in front of our hotel room waiting for our friends to come back with the other hotel room keys (so we could stash our stuff in their room temporarily) and we started hearing noises. the sounds were coming from room D306. sounded like something was scratching at the carpet. and intermittently...the door handle would sound like it was trying to open from the inside. my friend then tells me last night she felt like something was standing there watching her. she thought it was one of our friends....but then later thought it was something else...anyhoo....don't know if it's haunted....but that freaked us out and by that time after we realized that the place may be haunted...we were BEGGIN our friends to come back.so i give them 2 stars because it's a decent hotel. not as nice as the ones of the strip. but hey, you get what you pay for (in this case i didnt pay, but i know the cost of the room). service was slow. price was good. very close to strip. confusing parking (depends on which building you are in). latest check out is 12p. All in all, i would come back...its much better than other places ive stayed and i can fit a buncha friends in the suites. just need air or pull-in beds!
3	Stayed 2 nights, mid-May 2010. The room was free as part of a timeshare presentation, so I don't know the cost. They do charge a $10 resort fee for your visit, and taxes for both nights came to about $12 total.We were in building J, on the first floor, with a king bed. We could park very close to our building, so going to the car and back was much easier than it is at a larger hotel with a giant parking garage.Our room was gigantic, had a couch, matching chair, coffee table, small breakfast table, kitchenette with counter / sink / cabinets / mini fridge. Bathroom was very big and had a separate tub and shower. Toilet room had it's own door. Room in general needed some better artwork or paint or something. Just seemed very bleak / white. On one wall, there were two identical paintings. Room also had a 25" (or so) tube TV.Room was clean, and in general we had no room-oriented complaints. The building had a broken ice machine, but the maid did deliver ice upon request. Hotel offers two pool areas, each with it's own hot tub. The main pool area is nice with great landscaping in a nice courtyard area. The hot tub is large for maybe 12 people, and the water was not too hot.The "lap pool" area is very small, and so we didn't use it. Few people where there, too. The gym was the best looking gym I have ever seen at a hotel. We didn't use it, but it was large, had quite a bit of equipment, and it seemed clean.At registration, they give you coupons for Tuscany deals. We got two free drinks at the casino bar. We also saved $20 off our $44 dinner at the italian restaurant on site. We did not order appetizers or drinks. Total with tip came to $29. We ate salmon, lobster ravioli, and a piece of cake. The salmon HAD TO have been a frozen farmed salmon piece from Costco, but they would not admit it. It was dry, and had no fat, which is bad because Salmon fat is good for you and makes it taste better.Lorraine at the front desk was great. Very nice at check in. Our encounters with the staff were all good. And even though we didn't use her services, the pool waitress looked great, too!Tuscany is close enough to the strip that you can walk the 10 or 15 minutes if you are up for it. Just hold your lover's hand and enjoy the sights and sounds.Knowing what I know about this place, I would probably pay $40 mid-week, and $50 weekends. It was a better experience than staying at the Stratosphere. And you'd sure have a better room at a place like Mandalay, etc. So Tuscany is kind of in the middle for me. We'd go back.
3	Stayed here over Memorial Weekend and a friend booked 2 rooms for a group of us. The hotel itself was pretty good, but it being my first time in Sin City since turning 21+ I had always imagined I would be staying on the Strip but I didn't mind in favor of saving money!The suites were quite spacious, probably could have easily fit our entire group into one. Each room comes with 2 fulls/queens (I don't know how to tell mattress sizes...), TV, desk, sitting area with an arm chair, sofa, and coffee table, full size bathroom including separate bathtub and shower stall, a mini kitchen with a microwave, minifridge, sink, and a breakfast table. In addition to all this, the other room had a two-range electric stove in the minikitchen though we didn't have one in ours...The only gripes I have about the place is their slight slow response to housekeeping requests, such as extra towels or blankets. At one point we had called 3 times to check up on our extra blankets until late at night. The other gripe I have is the distance from the Strip. While it wasn't really too far, it gets pretty tiring going back and forth a few times in a day. We didn't want to drive anywhere within Vegas so we would commute back and forth by walking. At times it wouldn't be too bad, until the blazing sun would come out and pound on us, or just when exhaustion from walking all day gets to you. After a few times, we learned to cut through Bally's Casino down the street since it was air-conditioned! Yay!Lastly, they had a restaurant on the casino floor that had a midnight special on steak and eggs for $3.99 that also includes hash browns and your choice of bread. While I didn't personally get to try it, all my friends enjoyed it tremendously - I'm sure the price made it all the more better too ;). For those interested, the special is only good between the hours of 12am - 5am. But if you just miss it, they have a special on a burger and fries for $4.99 which I heard was also quite good.Extras: pretty nice lobby with a counter for half-price show tickets but a rather small pool :\So, overall 3 stars. It is a fairly nice place and sufficient enough for those wanting to save money. I would recommend this place to friends looking for cheaper alternatives and for them to bring comfortable shoes!
4	Their room is HUGE as advertised. They also have a stove and fridge. You could technically live here. Price is around $40, because they include internet charge. The room is huge with sofa and table. One shower and one bath tub and separate room for toilet. This place is a good deal to stay. They also give you coupons . You should sign up players card and get free keychain/dices and a free $5 on slots. I'd won $2.50 from it. I like this hotel.
3	First of all when I made reservations I specifically asked if the suites had a separate bedroom. And to much of my surprise they totally lied to me. It was just one big room with a bed and the couch approx. 20 feet away. Meh. We ended up switching to a room with two double beds. The second room was a little more modern with brown and white bed coverings and flat screen tv and a nicer couch. Major complaint: the people upstairs were stomping around the whole day/night. I called front desk 3 times to tell them to quiet down. It was sooo hard to sleep. No bueno.Pool: Dirty, small and full of kids. Enough said. Service: Front desk was nice enough and they delivered extra towels and shampoo to our door. Price: Approx. $200 for 2 nights on 4th of July holiday weekend. Not bad. Location: Walkable distance to the strip...but it was so hot we only walked over once and drove around the rest of the time.
4	The best value on the "strip", hands down.  The value of this place is off the charts.  I've stayed here plenty of times as a "drunken crash", and every time I walk away thinking that I should have paid more.  I stayed here last week on a Tuesday night and paid $29! (room rate was $19 plus the $10 "resort fee").  This is always the first place I check when I'm looking for a place to stay on the strip and not trying to impress a visitor with some place fancy.  Here are my like/don't likes:Like:1.  Amazing value2.  Great rooms. 600 square foot suites with a couch and kitchenette3.  Location:  only a short walk W on Flamingo and you're at the heart of the strip4.  Easy parking right next to your building5.  Coupons for free drinks and bet-matching every time you stay6.  Cheap table games in the casino ($5 blackjack and craps)7.  Pretty decent 24/7 diner in-house8.  Great water pressure in the showerDislike:1.  None. There are obviously small things I would change about the hotel, but for the price, the place is perfect.  By far the best kept secret in Vegas
4	Ok, I did not expect much. I was pretty much blown away. Went here for wifes b-day, staycation. $31 a night total, pretty good.Likes:1. Clean huge rooms, 625sq. ft. Bathroom was big with tub and shower, sep room for toilet. 2 queen beds, sofa and chair and desk sitting area, dining table in kitchenette, sink and fridge, lotsa storage.2. Ironing board, iron, hair dryer w/nightlight, (kinda cool), plenty of towels and wash cloths, I have been to so many hotels-motels that have two double or queen beds (which sleeps four people) and only have enough towels for two people and you have to call the front desk to get more linens. Fries my you know whats! They had more than enough for four people. The soap was not the matchbook size, the bars were almost full size.3. Pool area was very nice, clean, very tropical. Plenty of towels.4. When you check in, you get a ton of coupons for food and match play, good deal. 5. Marilyn's Cafe was very good. Had the Greek salad, great but too big, enough for two people. Chili cheese fries were great, with their homemade chili. Corn muffins, homemade, very good. They give you a coupon for 2 4 1 pizza. Pizza was pretty good, but 2 4 1 how do you lose. Had cheese queso also and must of had a pound of cheese on it! Very good and filling. We ate at Marilyn's 3 times in three days and were very happy. 6. ALL employees were very nice and friendly. Checkout took about a min as in room checkout was not working.7. Parking was very close, which is a HUGE plus.Dislikes:1. Room had fridge, but no microwave :(  You get so much food from Marilyn's to take back to your room, you need something to reheat it the next day.2. Pool was a little murky, maybe too much suntan lotion?3. Some channels on the TV were fuzzy and the sound was not so good.4. First pizza was not done , a little raw dough in the middle but was taken care of promptly. Second pizza was great. Bottom line, I live two miles from here and I could spend a week here and chill. I recommend it, and if they only had microwaves in the room! Peace!
1	I was pretty impressed with the room because of the size. But walking to and from the check in dest and casino sucks because its so hot here. I would give the room a better rating but the casino really pissed me off.The Blackjack dealers are rude as all hell and they are old has been dealers that dont want to be there. I needed to use the phone so I got off my seat and started using the phone. When I was needed I had to color out my chips and I asked for it. The dealer said "you can't use that at the table", and I was just waiting for my chips so I could leave and didn't say anything. He then replied " you understand what I'm saying" I said "yea but I'm not using it and I'm not playing". Then he told me "it dont matter you cant have that here, I dont know what the hell that is". He could have said it in a nicer tone or way, I am a guest after all. I will never come back here again. Needless to say, I was furious at the customer service.
4	Used to stay here all the time with my friends. I love this place!PROS1: All rooms are suites & have plenty of room if you like to come to Vegas in a big group. 2 double beds plus a pull-out couch and an optional roll-away bed = lots of bed space. Their bathrooms are huge with a separate door for the toilet so people can use that area while others are using the mirror & sink to get ready. There are also kitchenettes in all rooms.2: The price is good. Rooms are usually around $120 or $140 per night on the weekends; which is great when you have a group staying together.3: Nice, clean, new-ish grounds & a decent sized pool.4: Cheap gambling. We'll go down there for the gambling sometimes even when not staying there. They have specials going on with the table games sometimes where you can win bottles of wine.CONS1: It's not on the strip, but it's close. It is a couple blocks to walk to Bally's, or take a taxi to the middle of the strip if you're not in the walking mood.2: The size & price of the room may not be what you're looking for if there are only going to be 2 of you in the room. It's a better setup for families or groups of 4 or more staying together (I think the most we packed in that place was 12 people! =D )
4	I love Tuscany. This is the place you go to for an affordable place to stay and still be a decent distance from the Strip. The rooms are big, huge in fact. You can definitely pack in 17 people in here if you want. *Make sure to check if your couch is a futon.Chill cheap venue that is great for groups. They'll accommodate having rooms closer together if you're having very large groups, IE: UCLA Mathletes or other groups of mayhem.
2	I stayed here last December.  When I booked online I reserved a king size bed.  I arrived at  the hotel around midnight after my flight got in around 11 PM.  I checked in and went to my room to find out that I was given a room with 2 double beds.  I stand 6'8" tall, a double bed is not what I desire.  I hadn't slept in a double bed since I was in elementary.  I went back to the desk and told the worker the situation.  He told me that my reservation is just "a request" and they couldn't gurantee anything after 6 PM. 6 PM?!?!?!?!?  Does the hotel not know that planes are allowed to land at LAS after 6 PM?  What kind of policy is that?  He then told me he gave me an updated room.  I said, "What was the update?  The 27" CRT television?".  They moved me the next day when they had a kind size room open up, of course BEFORE 6 PM.  The next room was totally the same as the first one except for the bigger bed.  Updated room the first time, whatever.  So the Tuscany doesn`t take "reservations" but "requests".  If you are going to your room in the middle of the night be prepared to pass by hookers galore amongst the big complex.  Tuscany has a few security guards walking around at night but I'm not sure what they're doing.  The hookers are still there.  Be prepared for their "Resort Fee" that will add 20% to your original reservation, er, I mean, "request" quote.  Another scam all the Las Vegas 'resorts' are socking it to patrons.
3	The pros - clean/spacious roomshuge bathrooms with seperate doors for toilet / bathinggreat pricesgood cheap food at marilynsgreat locationgreat staffcool swimming pool and hot tub areathe cons-the structure of the building is a bit lousy... you can hear everything through the walls and ceilingsthe maids didn't come unless asked for
4	This is obviously not a four-star hotel, but for the price you're paying compared to other places that are a comparable distance from the strip, this place is a steal.I've only stayed here once with a very large group of people from school. We packed a ton of people into a single room, close to 20 or so. The rooms are big, and the place is also relatively clean...at least clean enough for us not to be grossed out by sleeping on the floor. The place is nothing fancy, but you're going to be spending most of your time on the Strip anyway so it doesn't really matter.The pool isn't very big but it was still nice and clean. We used it for an hour or so on the second day we were there, and it was nice because it more relaxing than the other pools at other hotels since there were less people. You can park right up front, too, so you won't have to wind through a maze of parking structures or wait for a valet to get your car when you need it.The only real downside to this place is that it is a couple of blocks away from the strip, and you have to walk past the intersection/gas station where Tupac was shot to get to the Strip. That makes it sound really bad, but I guess it's not as bad as it sounds. Just be smart and be safe, and you'll be fine. Maybe just take a cab back to the hotel at the end of the night if you're worried about your safety.
3	Good, clean, reasonably priced off-strip hotel. I've stayed here a couple times and was pleased both times. It's a Italian themed place with a small casino and easily walkable to / from the strip.
2	This is a very inexpensive place to stay, with decent, clean rooms. The rooms are a bit dated, and the entire property feels more like a glorified motel than a Vegas Casino Hotel. However, with their all suites rooms, you can have a good sized room for a very affordable price. The casino is decent, though I wouldn't recommend gaming there. The Strip is a good 20 minute walk and well worth it for the Vegas atmosphere. Overall, the Tuscany is a decent place to stay if you don't have a lot of cash or many other options.
2	This review is for the Bar/Lounge at the Tuscany.  A friend of mine who was in town for the G2E convention reserved all the rooms for his company at this hotel and decided to have a pre-dinner get together at the Bar/Lounge in the lobby.  This is the 2nd year in a row that he's done this and not much has changed since last year.....the place is not at the top of my list, here's why:- The bar/lounge is very smoky.  I understand that we live in Vegas and people can smoke indoors, but damn this place reeks of smoke even when there are no smokers!  When we got down there, we had a party of 16 and not one of us smokes.....no one in the bar was smoking either, but it smelled like there was a peace treaty happening in the middle of the lounge!- The service is S-L-O-W.....I waited for over 10 minutes just to place a drink order.....then another 5 minutes for the drink, this was at the bar!  I guess they can't handle 24 people in the bar at one time.  The bar can easily accommodate 3x that many people....oh well.- The house Wine sucks.  They didn't have a Wine list and I wasn't in the mood for Beer or Hard Liquor so I asked for a glass of Cabernet.  That was a mistake.....blech, it was pure Swill.  Good thing I wasn't picking up the tab.On the plus side, the seating is comfortable and the large TVs allow you to watch sporting events with ease.  It was Monday Night Football when we were there and the game was just getting started.Overall, I enjoyed the company and conversation and was comfortable.....but the drinks and service was a disappointment.Will I return?  I won't come back unless I'm meeting someone here for an event like this....
1	This place is not the place to go if you're looking to have any type of FUN in Vegas. Me and my entourage were evicted from our hotel rooms for noise complaints regarding our rooms. The funny thing is that we weren't even in the room when our noise complaint was called in. So basically, if you're looking to have a good time in Vegas, please...by all means, save yourself the trouble and stay somewhere classy like the palazzo.
4	Like Chris and Jason mentioned before me, this place is a great and affordable way to get you and your 20+ friends, girlfriends, boyfriends, lovers, buck fuddies, etc a place to sleep and recharge in Vegas. Relatively walking distance from the strip and even a cab ride wouldn't be too pricey on those nights/days of immobile intoxication.This place is also great for last minute bookings on not so busy nights. A group of us were able to get a room for $30... booked the day of. Awesome sauce!
3	I had a last minute biz trip to Vegas and a friend suggested The Tuscany as a last minute option.  The price was right, the hotel was clean and even had a couple of free drinks.  I like that it's off the strip and offers plenty of parking.   I guess if you're looking to "rage" this wouldn't be the place for you but  I had a good time and I would come back for sure.I also liked the free WIFI and the 2 for 1 breakfast or lunch offers.
1	woah so if I could give zero stars I would. I've been staying at Tuscany every two weeks for work for a year and after this last experience I am NEVER going back. When I've stayed in the past, it has barely met a good hotels needs but it was a passing grade. However, this time was the last straw for me. I made a reservation for 3 days. I wasn't able to get there for the first day so I called and told them its ok to charge me but I would be there the following day. They said it was fine. I called the next day to let them know that I was for sure coming and they said again that it was no problem. So i get there and they tell me they can't find my reservation and it was cancelled because I didnt show up. Even though I called twice and was assured that it would be no problem.Then they tell me the hotel is overbooked so they can't put me up in the hotel. By the way this is New Years Eve week so every hotel is jam packed and the hotel did NOTHING to help make this right. I had to sit on the phone for 2 hours (missing work because of this) and figure out another hotel for myself. Tuscany admitted it was their fault and they did NOTHING to help me and the manager and staff were very rude (except Steve in the front bell area- he was pretty cool.)So then I had a separate reservation for another night and I wanted to cancel it too because I found out my friends were in town and were letting me crash in their hotel and also I was LIVID about the situation with Tuscany. And although they completely screwed up my reservation and were responsible for a completely unnecessary bad travel day, they STILL wouldn't let me cancel my other night of reservation. I paid for it but that's the absolute LAST time I stay there or allow any of my colleagues to stay there. I wish I had two more hands to give this place 4 thumbs down.
4	This place is super cheap compared to the hotels on the strip. It's only about a 10 minute walk to the strip too. For our weekend stay we paid a total of $98. All their rooms are suites so it has a little dining area with a microwave, refrig, and a living room area with a couch and a desk. It's very spacious and they are always clean every time I stayed there. If you have a car with you, the parking is for free. They also have a cafe with really cheap food and they give you coupons to use for that place.
4	If you're like me and just want to stay at a cheap, but close to the strip hotel while you're in Vegas with a bunch of friends, this is the place to be. It is really cheap, and just a short walk from the strip. The best part is if you are with a large group, the room is gigantic compared to those on the strip. You can easily fit 10 people (4 people on the two beds, one on the couch, and on the floor) and each person would pay as little as $10 on slow weekends. I stayed here three times before and this next trip I'm taking, I am staying there again with my guests only paying about $23 each. Yeah, you are "supposed" to pay for more guests in a room, but I am a broke college student who hangs out with a bunch of broke college students. Lol.
4	Its my 100th review, so Im really gonna open it up for this one!With the exception of the gorilla on the 3rd floor above me at 4am frantically crushing every step he took, I give this place the thumbs up. New rule Im going to suggest to the front desk; fat people on the 1st floor ONLY!Less than $50 on a Monday night after the Superbowl.  $13 resort fee included. Big room (suite) with stand-alone shower, separate bath tub and a detached toilet... Theres a dining area with wetbar, small living room and desk. This room is BIG! It rivals the Embassy Suites for half the price.The grounds are well maintained. There are separate buildings that are connected by tree-lined walkways that lead to the casino.Casino is a good size for "off-the-strip". Table games and plenty of slots. A couple bars, restaurants and a sportsbook top it off. Didnt try out the pool as its windier and colder than Ive experienced here.In the evening they have live music in the main lounge. Its like an 8th grade dance for the older crowd. Very surreal.
3	Great value. Terrible casino but nice clean rooms. Internet is 14 bucks for 24 hours.
3	Awesome room (huge)...good service...too far from the strip...but we got it for $30 a night (sun/mon/tues) so we can't complain...maybe they should offer a trolly/tram to take you to the strip...probably get more business that way. I'm FAR from lazy, I know you have to walk in Vegas but if you want to see all you can in a few days a trolly/tram from your hotel to the middle of the strip would be awesome! :)
4	I come here once a year. Wait for good prices to show up on websites like priceline or cheaprooms.com and it can go for as low as 18 bucks a night. Taxes are extra plus room fee of 14 a day. Its a 15 minute walk to the strip and located right on the middle of North and South.No shuttles for airport.** I suggest to RENT a car. Dollar or Payless Car rental can be as low as 30 bucks a day. I PROMISE u will spend more money on taxi and taking the bus is a lot of hassle and a lot of time can be lost.** The casino in this place is not great at all, but they have $3 black jack tables. Sometimes, rooms can have that wet rag smell and just ask to be moved. Make sure if u need a microwave to request first hand. It has a decent size pool. The King size room gets a sofa that can be folded out to a bed. Tell them only 2 people are staying and the rest of the party should wait until u get a key. At the end of the night, just ask for more keys and they will issue new ones no charge. More people. More savings.This is a good place to SLEEP and REST ONLY. For all ur other partying and gambling needs, walk or drive somewhere else. The price and location gets 4 stars.
1	A motel 6 with a face job.  The outside looks nice, once you get in your room is another story.  Beds are super old and uncomfortable, and all they cover it with is a single loose sheet that falls off easy so you get straight mattress.  And when I got ready for bed there were a couple noticeable old blood drops on that crappy sheet.  The towels are worse than sandpaper, and their soap is pure crap.  On top of making you uncomfortable and itchy all over they charge you $13 a day for internet.  They have mini kitchens in the rooms in case you want to eat or drink anything you brought, but oh wait, absolutely nothing to eat or drink with inside.  My door lock also malfunction for several days.  This place is fine if you're some broke college frat boys just looking for a cheap place to crash after you get wasted, but if you want a decent room, spring for the extra $10-20 a night and go somewhere else.
2	Cigar smokers beware!  Friends of ours invited us to dinner at the Tuscany Gardens recently (03/27/11).  We arrived early and decided to play some slots.  Since neither of us had been to their casino before, we signed up for their Players Club card and each received $5 in free play.  While playing some of the various video slot machines, I lit up a cigar.  Since smoking is generally allowed in every casino I have ever been to, I thought nothing of it ---- until I was approached by a Security officer who informed me that there was "no cigar smoking allowed."  I saw no signs stating this and wasn't sure if he was just personally offended or it was the casino policy.  I totally understand that at certain bars or lounges within a casino cigar smoking is frowned upon, but this is the first time I've ever been told to stop smoking while playing.  Anyway, I put out my cigar and we left.  Since we live in Henderson, there are plenty of other casinos closer to us that we can and do frequent where I've never had an issue with cigars.  That night, I e-mailed the Director of Casino Operations and this was his response:"Hello, yes it is the Tuscany Hotel policy to not allow cigars or pipe smoking in the casino , I'm sorry  to lose you as a customer but we found out after a trial period that majority of our customers prefer this policy. Thank you for your feedback..."Was dinner good?  Absolutely.  Did the casino have a wide variety of slots?  Definitely.  Did I win any money?  Of course not.  I will say up to the point of being scolded for smoking a cigar we were having fun.  But being treated like a 3rd class citizen is not my cup of tea.  Since it's their policy, we won't return.
4	Big rooms- quiet. About 5 minute walk to the strip! Rooms are away from casino so you can even ignore the smoky casino!
3	Casino review only. Ive lived here over a yr & half and never been in here. We walked in and found the mexican restaurant La Cantina - which has menudo Fridays, Saturdays & Sundays. TI also has Beachfront Pizza is now called Beachfront Coffee (the coupons we have still say Pizza) and Marilyn's cafe. Theres quite a lot of places to chill but I didnt win any $ here my 1st time which always turns me off. lol. . But this is a cute casino on koval/Flamingo area near Terrible's.
4	$65/night. A mile from the strip. Pretty awesome. Took a minute to start the A/C and the bed was average but it was overall clean!
3	I was on the road toward Vegas, in need of a place to stay, so I did what any plan-lacking, impromptus guy would do. I stopped at the most convenient Starbuck, got on my favorite travel site (epicure.rovia.com), and located the cheapest, but nicest, hotel I could find. According to the price, the pics., and the map, the Tuscany is one I opted for.So here's the turnout: $14.00 for two beer and $28.00 for the room.As you drive in, there is a good impression made by the design, the overbuilt portico and the bell boy standing out front. The lobby supported the first impression, and even the bar and the pool area indicated that the rooms just might be equipped with jetted tubs and a wet bar. This was not so. The room was bigger than your standard hotel room, included a sofa, and the bed was nice, but I wasn't going to be soaking in a Jacuzzi, or sipping a Pina Colada. I began wondering how they stay in business when they charge only $28.00 per night. It wasn't until after I slid under the covers, my head hit the pillow, and I closed my eyes that I understood. Then commenced the rumbling of footsteps and wheeled suitcases just outside the door. Every 15 or 20 minute I was startled awake by some late-night gambler returning to his room, or a red-eye checking in for the night.Needless to say, I was robbed of my slumber, and I regretted going cheap. Next time, I'll put my beer money toward a better room, and go without the drinks.
2	The guy at the front desk was SO rude when we checked in.  Not a great way to start.We booked online and when we showed up they charged us an additional fee that wasn't mentioned before.  Not cool.The beds are TINY.  My boyfriend is 6'3" and his shins and feet were hanging off the bed.  Not comfy.The ceilings in the rooms are really low.  Random, I know, but it feels like you just walked into a miniature hotel room.They give you coupons for a couple of on-site restaurants/bars, but when you try to use them you get attitude from the people working at the restaurants/bars and they come up with all kinds of restrictions that weren't mentioned before.  What's the point of a coupon if all it gets you is a cup of ice?Perks: Easy self-parking and somewhat low rates (even when the unexpected additional fees are added).
4	I booked online through a 3rd party vacation company and I wasn't really sure what to expect. I grew up in Vegas and I didn't really have the highest hopes for this off-Strip location.They were fantastic!The front desk staff was pleasant and grinning. They had no problem with us adding an additional night onto our stay for only 38 bucks!!! Memorial Day weekend, hello!!! I've paid waaay more for a dirty motel in Kingman, AZ. We did have some issues with finding the room. The layout of the place is like a sprawling apartment complex, so we had a smidge of drunken difficulty getting to our spot.The room was a nice suprise. We were expecting some tiny HoJo-type room, but the large space that greeted us was excellent. We didn't have to pay extra for the minifridge or the pull-out sofa bed. The pool I saw looked kinda boring aside from it's squiggly shape, but we weren't in town to hang around at the pool. Our server at Marilyn's Cafe was over-the-top EXCELLENT. She was funny and friendly and when I ordered everything "extra-spicy", she made sure it came out to us that way. They straight up added jalepenos to my gravy fries! Freakin' awesome. She even GAVE me a bottle of unopened hot sauce to take with us for our leftovers. :) Our bed was a king, but it only had 3 small pillows on it. So the fella and I were sleep-fighting over that third pillow all the time. It wasn't the most squishy/downy/puffy bed I've ever slept in, but it fit our needs. We're drunk punks, so we just require that it is clean of strangers' bodily fluids and it doesn't hurt to rest in. Plus, during our stay there was a convention of "Chubs And Chasers". Not a joke. It was a convention fat gay men and the tiny guys that love them! When my fiance went down to the bar with a rotund, drunkard friend of ours, the cat calls began to fly! Hilarious!Overall, we had a positive experience there and on any additional trip to Vegas, we will probably be staying there again...especially if there's a weird fetish convention going on.
4	For the price you pay here, you get a better experience than a similar-priced place on the strip.I'm in Vegas at least half a dozen times a year, and this has become our go-to place for work stays - the rooms are reasonably quiet, the beds are comfortable, and they have a pool and a fitness center.  You don't have to walk through a casino and a bunch of crappy shops to get to your room.If you do want to wander to the strip, it isn't very far - you're a couple blocks from Bally's.  You don't have to go far for good eats off-strip, either, including my favorite place in Vegas, FireFly.  I imagine it would be a good place to base a fun weekend trip.Also, as corny as the theme is, it is kind of relaxing to walk from the parking lot through shaded alleys with lots of foliage after a long day of meetings.Only downside - there's no wi-fi in the rooms unless you pay, which is ridiculous considering the high resort fee.  You can get free wireless in the public areas, though.
2	Pretty good hotel. Rooms are amazing and not bad on price either. =)Pool hours are too short... should be open 24/7 since there's no lifeguard on duty ever anyway. Cantina and Marilyn's Cafe (in hotel restaurants) offer some of the best food I had in Vegas. I like that it's a hotel first before it is a casino. It's a local's joint so no jacked-up prices and crazy gimmicks designed to fool tourists.Minus 2 stars for mostly bad service... bartenders, casino staff, front desk people were all grumps who had no patience for non-locals with any questions.Minus another star for high resort fees but not free in-room wifi, pool closed way too early and a dinky coupon book that offers you same freebies regardless of length of your stay. (For example: for a 2-night stay, you pay the $13/day resort fee and get one coupon book for the room which incl 2 free drinks -- beware bartenders who tell you it doesn't 'cover' certain drink -- + 2 for 1 entrees at restaurants + some other menial things. But if you stayed 4 or 5 or more days, you pay more in daily resort fees but entitled to the one book only.)
4	12:44 am. Drunk. Best f-ing steak and eggs ever. $3.99.^---- That's how good it was that I had to draft a review on my phone at that moment.  On the food itself at Marilyn's Cafe it was great for the price.  You get steak, eggs, toast and hash all for $3.99 between 12am and 5am.  Who can beat that after a night of drinking.  Service was very friendly and polite.The rooms that we got were amazing for the price we paid.  Wasn't expecting too much from the place when I heard about it but once we got in there the rooms were big.  There were 2 full size beds, couch, and a lot of room to spare(if you really wanted to you could fit 4 more beds throughout the suite).  The room also has a mini fridge to store things that you may need.  When talking to the front desk they stated that they were removing the stoves that are in the rooms.  Bathrooms had enough space and has a tube and a shower in it.  Toilet is also inside the bathroom but separated by another door.  For the price that we payed per person the room was a great deal.Bell hop/concierge/valet guys out front were the most helpful for our group of about 13 people.  Thanks Frank and the other dude that I don't remember.   During the morning we were trying to arrange rides to Encore Beach.  The guys at the desk were very accommodating to our request for rides.  We thought that we would be getting taxis and trying to figure out who was going in which cars when they asked if we would like to just take a limo so we wouldn't have to split the group up.  For $5 a person we thought that it was a great deal and it didn't take long for the limo to arrive either (~5 min).  We also told them that we would be going to Marquee later that evening also and they arranged for a party bus to pick us up.  They even called us to confirm the time they would be out front to pick us up.  Even after missing the pick up time twice and the driver leaving twice the guys were still friendly and willing to accommodate us and call for the party bus to come back.Overall:-Pros:  For a place off The Strip they have good sized room for a great price, excellent service with the guys out front, and awesome and cheap steak and eggs when you get back from a night out on The Strip-Cons:  The suites are going through some remodeling, our room was toward the back of the property, the casino isn't that great (but this is Vegas and you have other options)
3	Not the best hotel in the world, but it gets the job done. Super big spacious suites (so spacious they let elephants sleep in the room above you cuz all you hear is their heavy footsteps), w/ a TV (that doesn't always work), guest services (that put you on hold for long periods of time), a fridge (that doesn't really get drinks cold), and a shower (that knows no other temperature but cold). Bottom line, this place is perfect for the low budget party person like myself. $50 - $70 a night even on holiday weekends is LEGIT. So I'll deal with the long check in and check out lines, the elephants, and all the other things that go wrong because why? This spot is super close to the strip and it's super cheap. Now I can focus spending my hard earned money partying the night away!
1	1-star rating just based on the quality of service. The rooms themselves are nice- I had a King/sleeper sofa combo room that was clean and super spacious. Beds weren't super but whatever.  The front desk service... Oh my goodness, it was TERRIBLE!!! I booked 2 rooms, one for Friday through Sunday and one for Saturday through Sunday. They didn't understand that. They kept trying to fix the error about the rooms when I had intentionally booked them that way. And stated so over and over. But my lovely front desk lady just chose to ignore what I was saying. Wonderful. Also, when checking into the Saturday-Sunday room, I had the worst front desk worker ever. This guy had NO IDEA what he was doing. He couldn't work the system- worst part was that NO ONE ELSE was helping! There is a guy just sitting there who could have come over and helped this poor guy out. But no. So this worker spent 20 minutes trying to check me in. Luckily, I had watched what the other person did to check me in the night before, so I had to help this guy check me in! Fabulous. On top of this, they lied to me on the phone- I called several times asking how to do late check-out and on the phone they told me one thing, but at the front desk they told me another. Awesome. Never staying here again. EVER.
5	I have no complaints about the Tuscany. Stayed their Friday to Sunday, Staff was friendly. Have to say I would come back again, The rooms are huge and roomy, stayed in the E bldg,....foot traffic wasn't bad. The convention rooms were nice sized as well, other bldgs had the great sized rooms as well , some still had the stoves, and some didn't. But  didn't mind.  The pool was great!!! Had the best time at the Tuscany, but that was mostly due to the people I was with!  Yeah I would stay here again!
3	Nice hotel for the prices. We got a non smoking room that made us gag when we walked in the door from the rank stale smell of cigarettes past. The room was large with a tub and separate shower. There was a couch and small chair along with a small eating area for 2 people. There was small kitchenette (fridge, small cooktop, sink, & countertop). Dresser, TV, hard bed with basic motel 6 sheets & bedspread. The room was huge and it was clean and for $25 a night---you can't go wrong. They have a fitness center with lap pool. They also have a separate pool area by the bar that stays open until 10pm (later than most hotels-where their pool is open until 6pm). They have some good deals when you sign up for their players card and they also give you coupons. The beers are cheap and the margaritas in the mexican restaurant are delish. The crowd was a little older and kind of janky feeling walking into the casino. The facility was well maintained and the staff very accommodating and professional.
4	Quiet, cheap and comfy.
2	Buyer beware!  "Kitchenette" consists of a sink, small refridgerator, and empty shelves.  "Coffee maker" is the single cup variety.  There is no microwave (???).  If you come in the summer, I suppose you could do some cooking on the outdoor pavement...Yes, the price was cheap and the room spacious--though not really a suite, since it is only one room.  Our key did not work.  I left my son with the luggage and trekked back to the front desk.  They gave me keys to another room.  I returned to an emply hallway.  One of the housekeeping staff said she let my son into the room, insisting that there was no problem with the key--implying that both me and my son were borderline incompetant.I was taking a much needed nap, when a loud knock wakened me from a pleasant slumber.  The fore mentioned staff anounced that we had been "reassigned".  When I requested some assistance (since we had already unpacked), she retorted that it was not her problem.  So much for a friendly and courteous staff...We continued to have problem with the key, until we discovered that a forceful shoulder against the door generally allowed us admittance.No, I do not think I will book here again.  Due to a son with special needs, I need an actual suite with a real kitchenette.  I suppose that since so much of Las Vegas is fantasy, I should be able to conjure up a fully stocked kitchen and quit complaining...
3	It's not a mega resort but it's a good deal for the money.  I was here for a week long "convention" of sorts.  It was really a crazy and wild party that has taken me so long to recover from that I'm behind on my reviews :o)The rooms are a good size but there is nothing interesting about them.  The showers were OK but mine had a terrible drip that kept me up the first night and I had to have it fixed the following day.  The maid service was good and consistent.  They have a lot of problems with their room keys becoming demagnetized and I heard several people complaining about this.  It happened to me when I was coming back at 6:00am in the morning with blisters on my feet...so I wasn't happy about walking all the way back the front desk for a new key.The pool area is nice but slippery.  I fell once and it was very embarrassing but then I saw several other people slip and fall too.  Yikes that seems like a lawsuit waiting to happen.They have three restaurants on the premises and they are pretty good.  The casino is not that big but it has everything you could want.  I didn't win anything but then that's nothing new.I'm sure that my convention will be here again next year and I'm looking forward to going back...
3	Stayed from August 9th to 17thThe room is very nice, and nice sized. The air conditioner works very well, in mid-summer.It is an exaggeration to call this room a suite, it is a really large studio. It is also an exaggeration to call the kitchenette a kitchenette. There is a refrigerator, and a small kitchen like sink. But there is no stove, or regular oven. There are no napkins, paper towels, cups, glasses, plates, or silverware. A microwave is available on request.It is a good value for the price, and located .6 miles east of the strip.There are 2 pools, one is clover-shaped, and ranges from 3 to 5 feet deep. There is also one that is rectangle shaped that they call their "lap" pool. There is a hot tub next to the clover-shaped pool, and there is a nice work-out gym next to the lap pool.The building I was in was undergoing remodeling while I was there, so occasionally the paint fumes were kind of strong in the hallway.If you book your room through Expedia, or Hotwire, the price you are charged does not include a $13/day plus tax resort fee, which works out to 14.56/day.If you want to use in-room wireless internet, there is a $14/day/laptop charge for that too.
4	Our room was quite spacious, although when I see "suite" I expect there to be two rooms.  Here there was only one large room.  Kitchenette was really a refrigerator and a sink.  The are two convenience stores on the same block, so go buy a six pack of beer and some soda and store it in your fridge so it's handy when  you want it.  The room was clean and quiet, and the bed was comfortable.  The pools were fine and I got an excellent massage at the on-site spa.You aren't too far from Bally's, but there is a large homeless encampment between the Tuscany and Bally's, so it feels a little sketchy walking, especially at night.  If you go in the side entrance at Bally's, you can exit through Paris and be right on the strip in no time.The slots at the casino don't pay well, and there was only one cocktail waitress on duty on a Monday night.  She took so long to bring my drink that I actually left the casino before I got it.  That's a bad thing, especially since the casino was pretty empty.That said, I paid less than $50 per night, including the resort fee, so I can't complain too much.
4	Stayed here for a few nights when I arrived in LV and loved it. The suites were amazing....the pool was sooooooooooo nice. We went swimming at 10pm and it was 103!! Very relaxing. The staff was on point, they even loved the dogs....lol.....Its a vew blocks off the strip and reasonably priced. Find them on hotel.com
5	for the PRICE the rooms are huge and very comfortable. the AC. was strong, for 110 degree heat, the beds were comfy and they have a hid abed. large bathrooms separate tub and shower. this place is a hotel first and casino second. All the rooms are in different buildings from the casino which makes it very family friendly.        front desk was very friendly and helpful. Even though its not on the strip its a block and half away from the center of the strip. a short cab ride or a short walk and you can be at ceasers palace, bellagio, paris,and bally's for the shuttle to the Rio. wi-fi is free in the lobby and pool side. there is a fee to have it in your room. there is a resort fee if you book it through a third party like orbitz, travelocity, priceline,etc. you should check there price first and see if you can save some money. i was there from Thursday to Monday on labor day weekend. it was quite and peace full as appose to the chaos of the strip on a holiday weekend.
3	Not a bad place. Water never really gets cold, shower takes a while to warm up. Coffee makers are single serve. The casino itself is relatively small but has glass doors to let light in which is nice.The 24 hour cafe (Marilyn's) isn't bad. Nothing spectacular, but ok. taxi service at night is a bit spotty, had to wait a couple of times for 5-10 minutes as they are not as busy as some of the larger hotels on the strip.Hot tub and pool are ok. It's not as crazy as some of the larger hotels but the general environment is relatively laid back and relaxed.Resort fees do apply here but if you are looking for a decent room, decent price a short walk off the strip (close to Bally's) this is a good choice.
3	All OK here. Clean room, newer furnishings. Sofa bed was terrible, but aren't all sofa beds bad? Front desk people were blah. My main gripes are: $13 resort fee for..... Like nothing, and $13.99 per day for internet. $27 per day for about $1.00 worth of service. Just remember to add $27 per day to the rates.
4	Very cheap suites if you don't mind being off the strip. Beds are decent, restroom is roomy, shower takes a bit to get hot. Not that many tables to gamble at but they do have this black jack table called super fun black jack and it was only $3 minimum. Regular black jack is only $5 sometimes. They also have a poker room and looks like there is a decent of people who play.Overall, I wouldn't mind staying if you don't want to be on the strip.Parking is also free!
4	Cheap suites here..the casino is a tad small but it doesn't matter..each room comes with a full kitchen with a mini fridge and a dining table..full size bathroom with shower and tub..sofa and beds..room is big for the price..cant go wrong with Marilyn's cafe steak and eggs combo deal at $4 during midnight grave yard !
4	It is what it isTuscan Gardens is a three star hotel, three blocks off the strip.  So you do not have volcanos, pirate duels, fountains or theme park shopping.  You dont have people shooting up in the lobby either.It is a clean, cheap place to stay with two surprisingly good restaurants.  It aint chic, but gets the job done at $40 per night
2	I was very disappointed with this hotel.  The room (suite as they call it) was full of old outdated furniture, mediocre bedding and no free wi-fi in the room and no room service...wha?The place is huge and you have to walk what seemed like 20 miles to get to the lobby to use the wifi. On top of that, it's about a mile off the strip.  Why bother.I will NEVER stay there again.  If and when you go to Vegas, do the real Vegas experience and stay at a nice hotel ON the strip.  This place is not good if you want to be taken care of in luxury.
4	I stayed here just a couple weeks ago, and although it is off the main strip, its acutally very nice. It's quiet and only a mile away in walking distance from all the major hotels and casinos. There is a decent casino here, and the restraunts inside are very cute. The staff is very diverse racially but a majority are hispanic. My aunt won a couple hundred off penney slots, as well as my cousin. So it was a great 5 days for us. Drinks ofcoarse are free if your playing the machines like anywhere else. I just hated the fact that I kept getting carded often, if not by everyone working in the casino. I'm 21, but apparently, according to everyone carding me, I look 16? Not sure how but whatever haha. Full of very sweet people all willening to talk up a storm with you. Never a dull moment. Alot of people who stayed here the same time we did were from England, so it was fun meeting people from different countries. Over-all a nice place for being off the strip. Good to retreat back to after a long night of partying. Plus the staff will have a taxi, towncar, or limo ready the minute you want one!
4	OK, here's the scoop on the Tuscany.  After reading hundreds of reviews on yelp, we chose this hotel because, for the cost, it did not have poor reviews.  It does not have that 'Vegas' feel inside- it's one of those hotels that could be anywhere.  So if you're looking for glitz and glamour, stay somewhere else.  The downside is that it's a good 20 minute walk to the Strip, starting at Ballys/Flamingo. (It's not as far as a mile as another reviewer said. It FEELS like it- but if we could stroll it in 20 minutes, it wasn't a mile).  The casino is rather small, but still fun. Sign up for the Player's Club right away, and get at least $5 free slot play.  I won $18 off the bat at quarter slots. :)  The room was clean, large, and the bed comfortable.  The bathroom was big as well- tub and shower are separate.  There's a small refrigerator that works for storing your drinks or leftovers- but there's no microwave. :(  The pool/spa area is small but a pretty retreat. I liked that the pool was lagoon-style instead of rectangle.  Servers are always ready to take your drink orders.  Towels are small and scratchy- but oh well!  They had Jack Johnson music playing most of the time, which was the perfect backdrop!  Not too many lounge chairs, so if you plan on being there in mid-day, get there before 10:30 to grab a spot.The only restaurant we dined at was the mexican restaurant- and I loved it!  I thought the chips were yummy- the beef tamale too.  Service was very good.The best things about the Tuscany are that it was quiet and clean. It's not in the midst of the action, which is a big plus if you like to sleep at night- in Vegas, nonetheless!
3	I've stayed here a few times over the years.   I love that it has big rooms that are really spacious, though pretty basic.  It feels like apartment living where you can park near your building, then just walk to your room, instead of going through all the casino & shops.  The rooms are clean, no complaints here.When the other strip hotels are too expensive, this is a great alternate.  Not too far from the strip either.
5	Stayed here this past June for a big event that has been moved from LA to Vegas for the next few years, if you know what I'm talkin about lol. Anyways, this place was beyond what we expected for $49 a night! (Booked off Priceline) The room was HUGE. 2 beds, couch, coffee table, kitchenette area, small table for eating, separate shower and bath. It was very clean and bedding and furniture (in our room) looked very up to date. I was wondering if the building we were placed in was newer than the others because I visited a friend's room who was also staying there the same time as us and the bedding did look different than ours. Ours was a lot better and newer looking. This is a great place for anyone who's looking for a deal and doesn't mind being off of the strip!
3	Definitely a go-to hotel if you're planning a spontaneous Vegas trip and trying to go easy on the wallet or cram a whole bunch of people into a hotel room. But don't come here expecting the 5-star Vegas hotel experience. I think you'll actually enjoy your stay the most if you're planning a minimal amount of time in your hotel room (haha).Altogether, it's pretty cheap for a nicely sized room and just off the strip. There weren't any issues with the cleanliness of the room either. However, parking can be a little bit of a pain. If you come back too late at night, you might have to park wayyyy away from your hotel room. Aside from the usual hotel standards, what really makes me miss and want to stay at the Tuscany again is the restaurant either inside or adjacent to the hotel (can't remember!) that serves $5 steak and eggs, 24/7. Wow. You know when you're inebriated it doesn't get much better than that.
3	I stayed here for my birthday festivities and snagged a cheap rate through Expedia. I booked three rooms for my group, all the same type of suite. The place isn't half bad. Location-wise, it's close to The Strip. Can't complain about that. The rooms are larger than most places on The Strip, but the ceilings seem lower than traditional ceilings. I don't know that that matters, but still. Also, their towels suck. Other than that, I had a pleasant stay. They were kinda jerks about me not paying the security deposit on all the rooms, which seemed lame considering I used my card to pay for everything on Expedia. Otherwise, semi-smooth sailing. I mean, this isn't the Bellagio... you get what you pay for, you know.
4	My husband and I came for a few nights to visit family.  So far all the times we've been to Vegas this is the BEST place.  We stayed in room G310.  It is nice, clean and roomy and airy and VERY quiet. We will stay here all of the time each time we come to Vegas.We like it alot!
1	$15 a day "resort fee" + $14 a day WiFi fee.  No thanks.
3	This place is the last minute deal from priceline, and the offered price is simply irresistible. It is just a block away from the famous Strip. However, you should be careful with bed sheets and linens. You will be charged for replacement. On top of that, the room have no free wifi, but you could access free wifi in the lobby. This does not make sense to me.
1	What a shame.  This use to be a decent place.First they are low balling their advertised rate and then tacking on a $15 per night resort fee.  I think this is deceitful, it amounts to a 30% uplift on the advertised rates.Second the wireless internet is $14 per night, holy crap and it died for a whole day while we were there.Third the beds in our room were seriously hard and old, nasty squeaky mattresses.  I could hear people talking, TVs and people coming and going in the rooms on both sides.  That really annoying in Vegas because people come and go at all hours.But the topper was sitting in Marilyns restaurant when my girl looked over my shoulder at the GIANT cockroach sitting on the back of the booth staring at us like we were its next meal.I mentioned this in a very calm manner to the restaurant staff and they offered nothing but a stunned look and wanting to know exactly where I saw it.  Wow.I discussed all of these things with the staff at the front desk as well, three days later they credited me for one days internet access.I guess I should have taken a clue when I was checking in and the desk clerk did not actually look at me even one time, or when the security guards hassled us in the parking lot one morning when we were simply getting in the car to leave for the day acting as if we had not right to be there when we clearly had just walked out of the building that requires a room key to enter.I will NEVER go back, Vegas is full of great deals that do not require sharing your breakfast with a GIANT cockroach.
4	This is a really nice gem just off the strip.  And for a fraction of the cost, you're still right near the action!  It's less than a 10 minute walk from Bellagio.  Rooms are spacious.  Stayed here once for work and once for NYE.  Decent pools and casino.  Not as glamourous or modern as any of the new places of course, but when you're in Vegas, how much time do you really spend in your room?
4	Cheap rooms, spacious,  clean enough, and steak and eggs for 3.99 right in the casino? Down!Okay this isn't the Cosmopolitan or the Bellagio, but hey, it's a decent place to stay for a more than decent price most days. Most of my friends go here since it has very accommodating  for large groups. It's a fair distance away from the strip, and lemme say again, bomb steak and eggs. Also, their valet is pretty great. Got a limo decently priced every time we went out!
3	I would give this hotel 4 stars except for two things.  1. Front desk staff should be replaced (the rest of the hotel staff seems to agree with me on this). 2. Drinks at the casino bar are tiny and terrible.  Other than that.. all of the other employees at this hotel were friendly and the rooms are large and clean and the hotel is a GREAT value...The Italian restaurant in the hotel was superb and the band on Sunday night was great.  There was an error with my reservation and the front desk rudely informed me that my reservation was cancelled and that they were now sold out and I would have to find another hotel!  Thankfully booking.com was very accommodating and got on the phone with the front desk and fixed this HUGE error for me.  The manager at the front desk was terribly rude and aloof about the fact that they mistakenly cancelled my reservation.  One other little gripe is that they should offer free in-room wifi. :-)
5	We stayed at this hotel as part of a trade show deal.  This was the recommended hotel and boy was I impressed.Firstly, each room is an actual suite with a large KS bed, couch, love seat, kitchenette, dining table, shower, tub, huge bathroom.  This is a 5 star resort no doubt.  Absolutely beautiful.  There is a gorgeous pool area with tables you can smoke at, several restaurants and a casino of course.  The best part about this hotel?  it was $35/per night!  Yes this is correct.  Of course you had to be registered at the trade show, but it felt good to pay little for this utter luxury.Hotel suites like this back home would cost most likely $500/night or more.  The front staff was friendly, helpful, the doorman was great and on the ball.  Overall I enjoyed my stay tremendously.Will be back for sure.  This hotel has everything I need.
4	Pleasantly surprised...  I was a bit worried about this place after reading the reviews on Yelp about THC.  But I'm happy to report this is a great option if you want to keep the cost low and you have children in tow.  This trip did not include our son but I would not hesitate to bring him here. I decided to accompany my husband for his conference and his company was staying here.  Their rate was $45 per night which is a steal compared to rooms on the strip.  You will definitely need a rental car if you are staying here, the strip is two long blocks away.  The room was HUGE, it had a kitchenette and sitting area, couch and love seat, desk, flat screen and super comfy king size bed.  The bathroom is also large with a separate shower, tub and toilet area.  The rooms are located in different buildings, we were in building H on a non-smoking floor.  You can access your room without going thru the smoky casino which is great.  There is plenty of free parking or valet, whatever is to your liking.  We only walked by the pool since it was not warm enough to enjoy.   The only minus was the $14 daily fee for wifi, we didn't need it since my husband has his wireless access thru work but that's steep when most place have it free.
4	I love staying at the Tuscany. It's not on the strip, but it's close enough, and you don't have to pay strip prices for a suite. It's also clean and very roomy.Their casino is small, compared to some of the bigger hotels, but if you just want to sit, play some games, and drink, it's perfect.Marilyn's Cafe is a great spot if you want a decent meal and you don't feel like leaving the hotel. They offer breakfast all day, and we found that if you are craving steak, the Steak and Eggs is the way to go, as it's cheaper than the dinner steak.I've stayed here about 5 times, and I will continue to do so. I don't think I've ever left the Tuscany unhappy.
5	This place is a great value for the price. The rooms are very spacious and accomodating. The casino is pretty nice overall. The cafe with the steak and eggs special is excellent and the price is good. Had a good time here without burning a hold in the wallet as the prices are way better than the strip.
5	Delicious food, great drinks, friendly staff!  Pool is AWESOME!
5	Tuscany is Vegas' best kept secret!It's close to the strip, rooms were like $45 a night last time I was here, and the food in the actual casino wasn't bad. They had a great delicious $3.99 steak and eggs deal I hit up after returning the night from a Vegas club. I ordered two of those and wasn't disappointed at all.If you're doing Vegas on a budget, it definitely worth paying a bit more at Tuscany versus a place like Terrible's or the bottom of the barrel D-list strip hotels. The rooms at Tuscany are extremely clean and an exceptional value for what you pay.Being a Vegas vets, me and my buddy used our savings to rent a car. Nights we'd plan on drinking - we'd drive to our destination, park at that hotel, and pre-game there (take a cab back at the end of the night). You end up saving a ton of money. Our room was a $45 double split two ways, our car rental was $5-$10 a day, and cab rides back were about $30-$40. Even consider a person alone, you can't really get a decent strip hotel for under $100.We've done the math, and we love Tuscany.
4	I was a bit skeptical when one of my gf decided to book this hotel for a party of 7. The entrance to the lobby was nicely decorated and was pretty clean. The service was also nice and accommodating to all our request. We got the lower level room with easy access to the parking. The room was unbelievably big and roomy enough for all us. This was the best hotel for a budget trip, the hotel has a condo feel vs. hotel. Overall, great hotel, great price, and great service.
4	We went with a toddler and this hotel was very accommadating for family trips.  The rooms are very big and my daughter was able to play around and spread out without feeling confined to a small strip hotel.  Will definitely go again if I'm taking the kid.  It's very big with lots of different buildings so it doesn't feel like a megastructure.  The buildings are only 3 stories high, so it's accessible for everybody.  Only bad thing is that the only elavator is one side of the building so it was easier to walk the stairs than to walk the entire hall to the elevator.
4	This May will be our 3rd year staying at Tuscany. We love it, given you do have to walk about 5 mins to the strip but it is beautifully landscaped, easy access to your car, the window's to your room open, you have a mini fridge, a little 2 seater dinner table, a sofa, chair, ottoman, coffee table, desk, 2 night stands and a comfy comforter to go along with your bed and long length mirror to check out your outfit ;0)  the pool is very nice, no bar at the pool BUT there is a cocktail waitress, there is a gym, lots of delicious places to grab a bite like Marilyn's Cafe or the Cantina. A must stay!
4	Excellent value mostly as it is not on the strip. Very large comfortable rooms as they are designed to be suites. My only significant complaint is I expected a useable kitchenette and they offer a sink, mini-fridge, and a microwave on request. No cooktop and very minimally provisioned items in the small kitchenette cabinets. I like to be able to cut up some fruit and possible fix a basic light meal if I have a kitchenette.  The property was originally to be a time share with fuller kitchens but when they converted to suite hotel they de-emphasized the kitchens. If I knew that it would not have been a probelm-I believe they changed the name from Tuscany suites to Hotel to better reflect this. In all other ways I was very pleased and I can certainly enjoy a stay without the kitchenette.  The hotel public areas were attractively decorated and comfortable. All staff were pleasant, courteous, and helpful.  They had an unusually shaped swimming pool which was interesting-not conducive to lap swimming but fun for group parties.  Attentive poolside cocktail servers.  Marilyn's restaurant was very good. Ample parking around the grounds as rooms are in many separated two story buildings. Each building required key card to enter the corridor so the place felt very secure.  I would definitely stay here again and skip the pricier and more gimicky strip theme hotels-fine to just visit those to see them.
1	This was one of the worst hotel experiences I have had. Yes, they are extremely inexpensive and the rooms are big, but you get what you pay for. I work for an internet based company. I need the INTERNET to work. We called ahead to ensure they have high speed internet. They do, for 14 bucks day. Fine, that is OK. We arrive late on Wed and I try to set up the internet with no luck. I call the front desk and get a "You need to call cox". Call cox "you need to call the front desk". I was working through issues till 2a before I said screw it. Next morning, same issue. "YOu need to call cox". "You need to call the front desk". "We need to send a technician out to look at it (not my problem!). "Cox is a third party vendor". Finally, after working outside with the free wifi (no, that wasn't a full time options as I have to conduct meetings and drunk people in the pool isn't professional) we finally get a room with internet. I completely understand using 3rd party vendors, but the relationship with the vendor is worthless if no one takes ownership. Also - they told us that they "upgraded" us for our inconvenience. We had the SAME EXACT room as before. Technically, I consider it a downgrade because our first room had a stove. Yes, we were closer to the pool, so I guess that could be considered. New room: Sink didn't drain. Called front desk. "Well send someone right away". 2 hours later, called again. We were confronted by an extremely rude operator who said they are sending someone. 2 hours is crazy. The workers are extremely rude. They don't value the customer experience, and the need to ditch the 3rd party excuse and take ownership of issues. I am usually great about brushing things off, but this was a BAD experience. Proceed with caution.
1	"Think twice" is not enough to say before booking this Hotel!!Safety & Security -the most important aspects for travelers are NOT provided at the hotel. My very important item got stolen from my purse at the hotel and I learned that this place does not have an overhead speaker system (from security manager) and security cameras does NOT cover all the areas because they are not rotating cameras( from risk manager). I asked Hotel Manager to give me a call and is still waiting (2 weeks already past).I hope my review will help other people to stay out of trouble!
3	I didn't stay here, but I did eat here. One of their restaurants was pretty good and the waiter was extremely nice, but the Mexican food restaurant was horrible. Terrible service on the waitress's part. Took forever for us to be seated, took forever for us to get our food (and it wasn't that busy), do NOT order their fish tacos. They aren't that great. The beans and rice were good tho. The bathrooms in the lobby were clean and the casino part seemed pretty decent.
2	My friend was getting married in Las Vegas over the Memorial Day holiday and instead of having everyone spend a fortune at the fancy strip hotels, she picked the Tuscany, so everyone was able to get a good rate.I was traveling with another one of my friend's and her husband and we got to the hotel around 2 p.m.  We waited in line to check in and asked if we could check in early.  We were told that the room that they held for us were given to people that stayed longer and that our rooms were not guaranteed, even though we booked them about a year in advance.  That makes no sense whatsoever.  We told her we were part of a wedding party that had blocked a bunch of rooms, but they still didn't care.  When they said they had 2 rooms available, the rooms were in 2 separate buildings away from where the bride had wanted us to stay.  We told the lady where we wanted to stay and she said come back in a hour and they should be ready.We came back exactly an hour later, only to be told they weren't ready yet.  The lady had us sit and wait 20 more minutes while she waited on a call back to make sure the rooms were clean.  They also had one room with a King bed and one room with 2 doubles, even though my friend and I had both booked rooms with King beds.  I let her have the King room, but once again, what's the point of reserving a room, if you aren't going to get what you asked for.My room was okay.  I didn't have problems like my friend had with the sink and safe.  I did not like that you could hear people above you walking or running.  That was really loud.  Also, even though there are shades to keep the light out, it was still bright once the sun started to rise and that made me wake up way earlier than I wanted to.After the first day, my room was not cleaned by 3:00 p.m.  When I was getting ready to meet my friends, the cleaning lady came back around 3:30 p.m. and I told her I will be leaving soon and to come back.  On the day I was leaving, she knocked on my door at 9:00 a.m. to see when she could clean my room and I told her I was leaving today.  Shouldn't she know that?The food at the Mexican restaurant and Marilyn's Cafe was just so-so.  We only ate there b/c there was noting else, but it wasn't that great.  I would have gone somewhere else, if there was something else close by.The bar in the lobby would have been okay if it wasn't for the jazz music.  I'm not a fan of jazz and did not want to hear it.  Also, the prices for drinks in that bar are ridiculous!!!  My friend and I ordered Shirley Temple's, which consist of Sprite and cherry flavor and they cost $4 each!!!!!!!!  What the heck!?  Also, a small bottle of water, about half the size of a regular bottle, was $4!!!  That is so ridiculous!The pool was probably the only thing that wasn't that bad.  We were able to get lounge chairs both times we went to the pool.  I know people I was with were annoyed with the one waitress that was going around getting drink and food orders.  She was taking forever on some things and even gave food to the wrong people.  On my last day, I had checked out and wanted to spend a few hours at the pool.  I went into the bathroom to change and I came out and put my stuff on the counter.  The cleaning lady was in there staring at me with an annoyed look, so I asked her if I was in her way.  She rudely said yes and I asked her if I should move to one side or something and she huffed out saying, something about coming back.  So uncalled for!!When it was time to leave, we asked the bellman to get us a cab and he waited about 10-15 mins until he called for one, which of course made us late to get to the airport.I definitely won't be staying at this hotel again.  I appreciate that my friend picked a  place to help all the wedding guests save money, but it was an awful experience.
2	We stayed at the Tuscany for three nights for a friend's wedding over Memorial Day weekend. We appreciated that the bride was considerate of expenses and got a great deal for us off of the strip, but I would not stay at the Tuscany again. I'd be willing to pay more for a place with decent customer service. The Tuscany's service is some of the worst I've experienced.Check in is at 3 p.m., and my husband and I, plus a friend who also had a room, arrived about an hour early. We asked if our rooms were ready/available for early check in. We were told that they were not, but they would be in an hour. When we returned an hour later, we were told that the rooms we reserved weren't available because the people who were already in them "decided to stay longer." What is the point of a reservation, then?! They had other rooms available, but they were not in the wedding party block, and we'd have to stay in a different building than everyone else. We were unhappy with this, and the staff said we could wait an additional 20 minutes and they would clean some other rooms in the same building as the wedding block, but that my friend wouldn't get a king size bed like she had reserved.The rooms were clean, but poorly insulated. They were a good size, with a small fridge, counter, table and chairs, couch, desk, etc. The TV got about five channels. You could hear every step others took on the floor above you. The bathroom light had an exhaust fan attached to it, and it was as loud as jumbo jets. The sink stopper was stuck and we had to call to have someone come fix it so we could use our sink. Two hours later, they had not shown and we had to call a second time. We used the safe, and on the second day we were there, the safe batteries died with our stuff in it, and we had to have security come open it for us. They said they'd send someone to fix it while we were out (and we locked our stuff in our friend's safe in the meantime) and no one ever came to fix it. The curtains don't extend far enough past the edge of the window to prevent light from coming in in the mornings.The food at Marilyn's was alright. The Mexican place was not good, and the service was slow and poor. We would've eaten elsewhere if there would've been choices nearby. A small (half) bottle of water at the bar cost $4, which was ridiculous, but the gift shop closes at 11, so I had no choice but to buy it from the bar.Wifi is free in the lobby but you have to pay for it in your room.The pool was good. The chairs get full by mid-morning, but we got their early enough both days to get them. There is only one waitress for the entire outside pool area, and I know some who eventually cancelled their lunch orders because they never came. (They had accidentally given the order to someone else.) If you rent a cabana, you do not get your own waitress. You share the same one with the rest of the pool, and do not get any more attention or higher level of service.On our last day, we checked out, but had time to kill before our flight, so we went to the pool. Before we left, we changed in the lobby restroom, which was being cleaned. The housekeeping lady was visibly irritated that we were there and hovered around us, sighing and looking annoyed for about 10 minutes. My friend was at the sink and even asked if she could help by scooting to one side or the other, and the woman rudely stormed out, saying something about coming back later. That is unacceptable behavior to a guest.We asked the bellman to call a cab for us. After 10-15 minutes we started getting worried about making our flight. I asked if the cab was close, and he hadn't even called it yet! We were late to the airport.Bottom line: Stay here if you are looking for dirt cheap prices. The expense is in the level of service.
5	Favorite hotel to stay in vegas
5	Gorgeous Hotel. Love that is very Tuscany like. Not the typical Vegas Hotel. There is several buildings and are only 3 stories. Huge pool area, seperate casino with restaurants. The chapel was absolutely romantic and gorgeous. With a touch of something very dear to me: Gardenias everywhere...! The surrounding parking lots are full of Palm Trees everywhere, which happen to remind me of LA and the beaches... I luv walking around watching all the palm trees everywhere..!
4	Rooms: Good sized, clean and cozy..but a lot they can do with all that open space. The small table and couch are a start tho..Deep tub and separate shower  were a bonus, along with that industrial powered fan next to the porcelain palace. This is good for a couple reasons kids..Restaurants: I tend to forget to eat in Vegas (oh you too?) and La Cantina and Marilyn's cafe weren't helping with that much. Mediocre quality but these gigantic portions/sizes for everything were crackin us up. Somehow avoided the $40 blue punch bowl with lollypops and candy necklaces sticking out but maybe we missed out there..Vegas food is naturally overpriced so I order a $16 nacho plate for to munch on thinking no worries brosepholous, little snack with my jug of margarita and I be stylin until dinner...fuckin thing comes on a 2ft long, clown sized serving platter piled up to my chin with a train wreck of luke warm 'mexican' ingredients (no doubt cause it took about twenty minutes to build this monstrosity..) Table next to us stops in mid convo. Just shakin our heads before I casually go back to my margarita. Guys..More of it will not make it taste better ya dig. But it will def feed a small country or your average family out from TulsaGambling: Anytime ya turn $1 into $25 while boozing barside you feel like a champ. Dropping 3 in a row at the roulette table and missing a 15:1 shot at the Derby..not so muchQuiet, perfect place for couples to shack up for a weekend as long as you eat down the road..
4	True, this last time we saw some awful bugs, which shall remain nameless, one in the parking lot and a super tiny one in our room on the lampshade which caused us to sleep with the lights ON that night, the last night...but other than that, we've probably stayed here 4 or 5 times already, going at least once a year, sometimes twice, because as Return Customers, we get emails with unbeatable prices.  Seriously, for the price, we wouldn't have the opportunity to vacation for as long as we are able when we stay here at the Tuscany.  The rooms are very spacious, making them perfect for families with kids.  I always lay a blanket down on the floor first, but after that, the kids{} can play with their crayons, books, games, toys, whatever...while watching Netflix.  How do we watch Netflix, you ask?  We bring the connecting cables for our iPhones and plug in to the TV.  That has to be one of the best conveniences.  Some/Most hotel TVs have no inputs, but Tuscany does!  This trip, 5/28-6/1, we ended up eating at Marilyn's Cafe, the on-site restaurant open 24-hours.  There is a Midnight special for Steak and Eggs for 3 or 4 bucks...and upon check-in, they give you a booklet of coupons.  One being a Buy One Get One Entree free...Each room has a mini-fridge to save your leftovers, which allows you to go to Target right down the road or a nearby grocery store and get a few comestibles such as fresh fruit, yogurt, deli meat, etc. and keep them in your room in case you get hungry but are too tired to venture out.  We carted a gallon of milk and mini cereal cups with us, which worked out perfectly for midnight snacks, impromptu breakfasts for my girl, afternoon tasty bites...After seeing two bugs {which had never been an issue before this trip}, I notified the front desk upon checking out...Hopefully they'll yield to the suggestion and spray the grounds.  Thank you Tuscany for the fun times.
5	Can I tell you how much I love this hotel! I have stayed in pretty much all the hotels in Vegas and I keep coming back here!  I take my girls trip to Vegas every July and it's quickly approaching and what's even better?! THE BIG BEAUTIFUL WOMEN convention is no longer taking over this hotel. The last couple years we've been forced to stay somewhere else.  Last year it was the Cosmopolitan. We loved it but VERY over priced.  This year we reserved the Monte Carlo because when I first checked the Tuscany it was sold out for the BBW convention.  Today we heard some not so good things about the Monte Carlo so we started looking at other hotels. I just decided to check Tuscany and low and behold - the BBWs are gone and rooms are available.  Is it 5 Star Ritz Carlton, of course not but tell me when you can stay at the Ritz for these prices? The rooms are spacious, they have always been clean and we love it!!! I'd like to send a shout out to the BBWs for moving!!!!
4	I've stayed here 4 or 5 times over the past few years and i really like it. It it affordable and the rooms are nice sized. It's not far off the strip on Flamingo between Las Vegas Blvd and The Hard Rock Hotel. They have multiple pools and a little casino with a variety of food options. It's been very clean and quite every time. The only complaint I have is that there is no cable or wifi in the rooms :(. But for the price and location its a nice little hotel.
1	I will not stay here again. I was on a business trip with colleagues and it seemed like it was one problem after another. For one, the valet is not quick and speedy. The phone operators are unhelpful. The people at the front desk are ok, but could still provide better customer service.  Problem 1: Operator wouldn't help me get my laundry from the bell desk, and kept insisting that laundry couldn't be picked up at 6:30am (even though a couple days before I had picked it up that early)... so I went to the front desk and they had someone pick it up for me.Problem 2: There was no microwave in the room, I thought with this place being a "suite" they'd at least have that. They did however have a mini fridge. When I requested a microwave be brought up to my room, the maid who came in, LET HERSELF IN! I was in the restroom, came outside and she was there setting up the microwave. NOT COOL. Problem 3: After coming home from a long day of work, the room was cleaned, and a few tshirts I'd left on the bed, where on THE FLOOR.Problem 4: Go into the bathroom, after I see my shirts on the floor, and they MOVED MY MAKEUP AND TOILETRIES! Touching my stuff is one of my pet peeves, before I've left my stuff on the counter at hotels and it was never touched.Problem 5: NO FREE WIFI IN ROOMS! $13.99/ per day. (OH PLEASE, I don't think so.)THERE ARE PLENTY OF BETTER DEALS/HOTELS IN VEGAS. Don't waste your money on this one. I only stayed here because it was chosen for me by the company I work for.
4	Clean, new, Well maintained, Nice Staff, Just a tad off the strip, and the griounds are so well manicured. My Brother used the chapel upstairs for his wedding and the staff there was very helpful and we worked through all the forgotten things and got him hitched up! It was way better that the push em in and push em out treatment I had seen ./ been part of for other chapels on the strip. We enjoyed the service and virtually had the second floor to ourselves. The room we went to for the after party was huge and comfortable and would be a place that would please everyone. The ability to drive your car around the premises and get it close to you room is a real plus that none of the big casinos can match. Give it a try - I am glad we did!
3	Much better gambling return than on the strip.
4	We really enjoyed our stay at the Tuscany. The rooms are spacious with modern decor. The waitstaff and food was excellent at the three restaurants we visited on the property and the pool is awesome. You won't find a better deal so close to the strip.
3	Very late review. I stayed here for a week for new years eve. It was the cheapest rate we could find, but the hotel itself wasn't too bad. It's a ways away from the strip, and the amount of taxis we had to take back and forth from the strip (it was freezing), we could have probably stayed somewhere on the strip. There's a nice 24 hour diner located inside the hotel for those late night drunk hunger. Gambling wasn't too bad. It's good for what it accomplishes and that's to get away from the massive crowds on the strip.
3	So a group of friends and I decided to hit up Vegas but were a little bit strapped for cash and we walked a large suite. Luckily, the Tuscany is pretty cheap and it's not too far away from the strip. The rooms are clean and very spacious. My gripe comes from the keys not working all the time, and the small swimming pools. Overall, considering the cheap cost of the rooms, Tuscany is not too bad.
3	First time staying here. Got an amazing rate through expedia, especially for Friday night of Labor day weekend...cant beat 50 bucks. Pros- huge, clean room. beautiful bathroom w/  separate tub and shower.  Also, I really like how the grounds are decorated; has alot of plants and a water fountain. Cons- The pool is pretty big and beautiful but there are simply not enough lounge chairs. We were out there pretty early and had to fight for a spot. Only saw the cocktail waitress once when we were out there and she didnt come any where near us. I didnt check out the casino or any restaurants so I cannot comment on that. The guys at the valet are nice and friendly. Front desk was friendly....However, they advised that they were going to hold a $100 deposit on my debit card for 24-48 hrs...which is totally fine with me; that is standard at any hotel. Normally the charge stays on my card for a few days as a pending charge and then drops off. But today I checked my bank account and the charge was no longer pending...it had actually been charged!! I have never seen this before and I do not think it will drop off once it moves from pending to charged. So...I promptly called the hotel and was told I would have to speak with accounting but they are not there right now so I will have to call back some other time!! This is very bothersome to me as I travel alot and i am used to the deposit staying on for a few days but I have never been charged for it before. I will follow up tomorrow and let you guys know what I find out but I do not have a good feeling about it.
4	A great place from the hotel side. Staff courteous, friendly and always there to help instantly. The casino and restaurants inside left a lot to be desired. Staff in restaurants weren't that friendly, hardly spoke any English so orders were hard to get right, communication sucked, etc. The buffet was not that great, compared to other casinos down the road, and the machines weren't very friendly.The suites were great. Well appointed, roomy, just lighting could have been moore and used brighter bulbs. Was hard to read or work on computer as rooms were dark. Any problems I had with bathroom shower door or wobbly refridge were immediately taken care of.Go for the place to stay. Eat elsewhere, gamble in other places and you will enjoy.Parking was a good walk from any of the many buildings. Most seemed to enjoy the outside pool, tho it was very hot our first couple days, and the worst Monsoon storm in Vegas hisrtory the last few days there!
4	Went for a breakfast invitation and the Casino had ample parking in the morning and plenty of shady trees. There was lots of activity in the casino. The breakfast was awesome, plenty of sweet beads and muffins, bagels coffee, tea and green tea.The staff was friendly and the rooms in this casino are from $50.Located just walking distance from the strip.The best thing free wifi and a fast connection that got them the fourth star.
5	I have to say that I was so happy with my stay at the Tuscany Hotel in Las Vegas. The room rates were only $35 a night. That's what sold me first. Then when I got there, I was blown away. First of all, it's gorgeous! My very first encounter at the front desk was great and it just got better. They give a map along with your card key and coupons for food & casino play. My room was spotless and it had everything I needed for my entire week stay. The only thing that disappointed me was the $14.00  a day charge for Wi-fi, which I did not do. However you can take advantage of the free hot spots in their cafe, hotel lobby, and by the pool, if you really need to get some things done. Let's face it though, you're in Las Vegas, unless you REALLY have to work, facebook can wait! The restaurants in the hotel were great! I highly recommend the Tuscany Gardens if you love Italian food. The dining experience was fantastic, from beginning to end. Ask for Michael, he was our server. Along with Tuscany Gardens, there's The Cantina and Marilyn's Cafe. Both equally great as well. I really could go on and on about this place, I'm not though. What I will say is that it's only a block or two away from the strip, the rates are amazing, and the atmosphere was the best! Next time you're in Las Vegas, stay at the Tuscany. Thanks for reading and I'll just say you're welcome now. :-)
5	Maybe the best room I have ever stayed in on vacation! I had everything in my room from a kitchen table to a mini fridge that was awesome! (even froze my drinks) Great hotel amenities from pools to spa! I loved the parking situation to the casino. The hotel is soo comfortable unlike most other hotels where you have to get out your room and head the LOUD sounds coming from the casino. The casino was in a separate building. The only thing I did not like was the ability to find my building once on the Tuscany premises the letters to the buildings need to be bigger and bolder. Needs more signs for direction for sure! The room rates were defiantly worth every penny for my comfort.  Nice friendly staff which was a giant plus for my experience. This will be the only casino hotel I will stay in when in Vegas!
4	A nice moderately priced hotel and casino located 1 1/2 blocks from the Strip.  Large roomy suites.  Refrigerator and small kitchen sink with a small eating area.  Microwave is available upon request.Sofa and a recliner.  Separate shower, tub, and WC.We stayed here for three nights attending a convention on the premises.  Three restaurants and a coffee shop.  Two swimming pools and ample free parking.We were pleasantly surprised with this hotel/casino.  Pros - nice sized rooms; quiet; reasonable room rates; short walk to the Strip; very short ride to and from the airport. Cons - electric outlets short circuit; squeaky floors above you; thin towels; front desk check in not staffed appropriately for the number of folks checking in for the convention.
4	Not sure how it happened but the charge to my bank account was credited back to me without me ever speaking to anyone about it. They must have realized the mistake; which I give them alot of credit for. Upgraded to 4 stars!
1	I booked my flight through Kayak and paid for 2 nights and an additional service-/ recovery charge in advance.After arrival at Tuscany Hotel for check in, I was told to pay the service and recovery charge AGAIN.This is procedure is completely nontransparent and customer unfriendly!I wrote a complaint to the hotel but have not heard anything back.
2	I stayed here for a work conference and I will never be back.  To start the hotel promised me that I would be able to have an early check in when I arrived from the airport.  I stated that I would book the night before I was arriving to be sure the room was available and the lady taking my reservation assured me that was not needed.  You know where this is going...room wasn't ready when I arrived around 10 am.  So I was left to wander the Vegas strip after being awake since 3:30 am to catch my flight.  I then returned to check in after they called me to tell me my room was ready (it wasn't because they were being nice, I requested they do so and after much discussion she agreed to)We were excited to brush off the morning's events and relax in the room.   The property is sprawling and it takes forever to go from building to building.  We arrived at our room only to find the maids still cleaning it.  I called the front desk and they basically told me to wait in the hall or make my way back to the front desk to get a new room.  The rest of the stay was the same service.  Bartender was incredibly slow, cocktail waitress never came to our table outside (yes, I do tip) and the casino was small and the staff rude.  The room itself was spacious but that did not make up for all of the negatives.  The location was just far enough off the beaten path to require a cab if you are dressed up in heels.
5	Stayed at a different hotel for the first part of being in Vegas and Tuscany blew it out of the water!The rooms are just great! We had a king sized bed, table for three, small sink/coffee/kitchen area, sofa, lounge chair, coffee table, desk, bathroom that has a bathtub AND shower with the john in a separate room and for all the ladies out there, a large counter to spread all your makeup out on and a super convenient behind the mirror shelf. The rooms were quiet even thought we had a room in the building immediately next to the street.On-top of the great rooms, you are located immediately one block off the strip which is perfect if you don't have a car, just want to walk sometimes or don't want to pay for a taxi all the time. There is a gas station right on the corner as well so you are in close proximity to many necessaries without having to fight off too many people. In the hotel is a spa area where you can get massages, a lap pool in a quiet, secluded area away from everything else, and a laundry area. Connected to the hotel is a casino that has the ever popular super cheap midnight steak and eggs as well as a nice cafe, convenience store, and italian restaurant inside. To top that off, they had a live band playing near the bar with a dance area:] Other great things: Plenty of parking! PRICE! So inexpensive. Could not believe what we got for the small price we payed! The hotel itself is really well maintained and is a gorgeous place!The only con's I have about the entire thing is, if you get a room in a building other than the one we were in, it is quite a walk to get to your room. They charge a daily 14 big ones for internet in your room but they do offer free-hotspots near the cafe, pool and lobby. The last thing I would complain about, they were not staffed well at the front desk and most of them were a little slow and seemed fairly new to be working on a weekend night. I'd say the pro's HIGHLY outweigh the con's in this situation though. Stay here if you play to be in Vegas for a while. Comfortable and has everything you need!
5	Honestly, it's the best choice we could have made. Felt like home, we went to the strip craziness and I couldn't wait to go back to our room in Tuscany which we called home. Choose the 3rd floor if you want to avoid noise from anywhere. It was so quiet we slept as long as we wanted. We liked the casino too, Cantina was a decent mexican restaurant and Toscana was nice Italian restaurant! Marylin cafe had great break
5	Great Great place to stay!! We stayed for 2 days and 2 nights and it was lovely!! Fabulous turn down service! Excellent accommodations very friendly staff  and so close to the strip. We walked around and seen the strip and it was fairly nice of a walk but the convenience of having the quiet from not being directly on the strip is what persuaded us to stay here as well as the price! it was about approximately 60 per weekday 80 for weekend which for us wasn't too bad. all in all i would come here again and i've already told many friends and family.
5	Compare the price and room size with some big name hotels and casino in Las Vegas.Tuscany win my heart.The room come with kitchen, Bathroom have both shower and bath tub.Lcd TV , Great room service.I will be back to this hotel again..
1	I have to stay here more often than I would ever care to because of work, and the experiences I have had at this hotel have been awful. It is nice, clean, and the rooms are spacious...they're so nice that I guess the staff will check multiple people into the same room so that someone opens the door to your room when you're laying in bed at 10 o'clock at night (thank god for the deadbolt!). The keys work on the doors about 5% of the time, I have had 2 different incidences of the blow dryers breaking, and Donna, the head bartender at the main Toscana bar in the casino is the rudest bartender I have ever had the displeasure of dealing with. If I wasn't FORCED to stay here I wouldn't come near this place with a 1,000 foot pole.
3	Stayed here with a bunch of friends on a trip. I remember for an off the strip hotel is was nice. Kept up & clean, decent prices for a spacious hotel.
5	Awesome day at the Tuscany.  I came to pick up my free XMAS cookie jar but came home a big winner.  I had to be hand paid at the slot machine and the floor girl was awesome and seemed excited for me.  I had a few high fives from some of the other staff walking by.  So, needless to say, I was very happy with the Tuscany and the way I was treated.
4	A great slightly off strip location that is clean, comfortable and affordable.  The restraints have great food and prices.   Our room was twice the size you would expect from a standard room and the service was great.
5	Delicious cheap and better than most mexican restaurants I've eaten at. Not sure about eating here because I am extremely picky. But what the hell. Buy one get one free from hotel and I am a happy camper. Food is a 10 out of 10. Free salsa and quest dip what!! Eat here and get back to las Vegas Blvd chump. 2 people 2 entrees 1 mark 22$ after coupon. Eat here you'll like it.
5	This is a very nice hotel.  It is not too far off the Vegas strip.  It is clean and staff is friendly.  Really great bargain.  Booked it at the last minute and very impressed.  The restaurants, bar and casino are nice, too.
2	sucks their drink ladies literally run around like blind Helen Kellers notice how I said "run" thats because they do. I think they are having a marathon as to who can do the least amount of work. On two occasions I made eye contact with the drink ladies and said "right here" and waved my arms. Apparently they thought i was shooing them away. 4 hours gambling and not a single drink or a chance despite our best efforts to do so.
4	If you are looking for Glitz and glamor this is NOT the place for you.If you want big rooms with a fridge a sink and most of the accommodations of home this place rocks. I was in Vegas for 10 days for work. It was more like being in an apartment that a hotel. Ask for a microwave when you check in and you're ready to hit the local Albertsons or Target for some groceries.great place for us business travelers or families. They do have a casino a couple of bars and two very good restaurants on site. if not you are only 3 blks from the strip. Tuscany Gardens ( italian) for Dinner and Marylins(American) for breakfast are both very very good
5	I come here once a week because I get some free cash to play.  It's not much but it helps to break the monotony of my day. Anyhow, I live a few miles away from The Tuscany.  And, I could be spending my time and money at many other Casinos that are much closer to home.  But, the reason I keep coming back is the overall experience that I get here.  I have never had a problem using my rewards card in the restaurants or gift store.  Every employee that I have come into contact with has been really friendly, courteous and kind; from the bartenders, rewards center, waitresses, store clerks etc...  I even get a smile and a greeting from security as they walk around.I also like the fact that it is close to the strip but without the mess of L.V. Blvd.  They aren't flashy nor run down.  I think this is a great alternative to the strip hotels, especially if you don't want to shell out the cash at the bigger resorts.  I just wish they didn't have that round-about near the entrance.  I see so many people driving against it and that has the making for a mess.  The only other thing that I didn't like, and this is just for today's visit, was a yelling match between a couple of guys in the parking lot.  I thought there was going to be a fight so I stayed close by to call security if I needed to. With all of that said, I will continue giving The Tuscany my patronage.  And, maybe sometime down the road, I'll have a mini staycation there.  Especially when friends come into town and we are, in no way, supposed to be behind the wheel.So, good job!!!
2	I only stay at this hotel when I can't get a room at the Red Rock in Summerlin.  Come to Vegas every six weeks and really try to stay away from the strip.  This hotel is VERY close to the strip and a friend told me about it and said it was good.  Have been meaning to write a review for some time now.  Keep in mind, I am a road warrior who has spent A LOT of time in hotel rooms and if you are a frequent traveler, there are some issues with this place that they really should wake up about.  So here goes:1. Chair at desk in room is steel and uncomfortable.2. Sink stopper in bathroom was clogging drain (do you like dirty water splasing up into your face because the sink won't drain?) - removed stopper and it worked fine.3. The refridgerator in the room was extremely loud.  No power switch available.  Plugged into wall behind built-in....had to remove drawers in order to reach plug and get some sleep.4. Very loud traffic noise (check Google Earth to see how close to heavy traffic)5. No place in shower to place your toiletries, shampoo, razor, etc.  Do you like to set your stuff on the floor of a public shower?6. Noticed upon arrival that the bathroom floor was NOT cleaned.  Noted hairs and water stains.7. No extra electrical plugs at the desk (Can't believe in this day and age that this is still a problem in any modern hotel with all the devices we carry).  If you have a lot of devices, bring a plug strip or start unplugging lights in your room.8. "Do Not Disturb" hang tag not present.  Had to make my own.9. Huge table lamp on the desk that gets in the way of doing any work at all.  Really people...does it make sense to put a table lamp with a 20" diameter shade on a 4'x5' desk?????  How about a desk lamp?Overall, the only thing about this place that is a plus was the price.  I guess you get what you pay for.
4	Pleasantly surprised by Tuscany. Many off strip locations get a bad rap and usually for a good reason.  Tuscany is where I stayed during Shot Show 2013.  The staff was extremely friendly and helpful and the restaurants were also very good.  This place was never too crowded and the guests were also very courteous.  Parking was a breeze too.  Rooms seem to have been recently renovated OR they just take really good care of things.  Either way, you are going to be happy.
4	We have stayed at the hotel 10 or more times. Glits and Glamor .... it is no Bellagio or a large hotel but it is well priced, the rooms look very very nice. We only stay there when we go.... enjoy the gym and the lap pool and jacuzzi by the gym. The Mexican food at the casino rules. We enjoy it and will go back many times. If you are a super picky person and want to spend $30 and stay at a 5 star hotel well this isn't it. If you are laid back and enjoy a nice clean room and a laid back environment please check it out. We love it so much that we even got married there last August.Won't change it for the world. My husband and I both agreed with all negatives and positives people wrote about in their reviews this is our home away from home.
5	me and my wife decided to get away from the strip on last trip to vegas.  was skeptical about experience.  but we loved it.  we had a car so transportation was no issue. our room was in a 3 story unit. felt like home, was cozy, comfortable, quiet, comfy couches, nice bathroom, comfy bed, nice dining area.  casino was a little walk, but we beat out the cold weather. we got free coupons to enjoy dining out at the hotel.  and the mexican restaurant has some good food and mean bean dip with chips.  and price was cheap.  internet though is extra, like $11 once you log on to wi-fi.  and you can pretty much park near you hotel room, unlike the other strip hotels.
4	A nice little oasis away from the strip.The hotel grounds are covered with plenty of lush trees and bushes. The hotel room was very spacious. The bed was very comfortable. I enjoyed the separate bathtub.I would encourage anyone to stay here if they want to be near the strip but want a bit more peace and quiet.
4	This is a review of the hotel, not the casino. Gorgeous landscaping, gorgeous room! Spotlessly clean, fresh smelling, HUGE room! (I've had apartments that were smaller.) Relatively quiet, though I can hear some soft traffic noise. Given two for one coupons for restaurants and a free $5 bet coupon. I would come back and I would be comfy bringing my family here. On the down side, I reserved through "last minute.com" and when I checked in, the Tuscany said they always add a $14 "Resort Fee" to whatever else a third party website charges, which was unexpected but still, at $36 a night total, it was still an incredible value for a gorgeous room. Also, they asked for a $100 deposit to cover anything charged to the room. Weird, never had that before but not a problem, it was refunded a few days later.
3	Very affordable, close proximity to the strip, cheap tables, and on-site restaurants that are open late and cater to your drunken meals. My friends and I use this hotel a lot when we're looking for a cheap stay and it gets the job done.
3	Went to Karaoke at one of the bars located inside the casino. Drinks were moderately priced for an off-strip-but-stil-thinks-its-on-the-strip casino resort. The karaoke hosts were two bubbly gals who were super friendly. The singers who went up seemed to be mostly regulars, as the hosts seemed to know them. You were even allowed to bring in your own CD's to sing to. Had comfortable seating and a good sound system. Had a real nice time.
2	Stayed here for a work trip..there was a convention in the hotel.  I was trying to claim my reservation and they gave me the wrong person and could clearly see by the price that we were not getting a good deal by any means.  Placed a credit card on file and they called the room a day later to tell me that my card was going to be charged nearly $300 when the room was pre-paid.  The rooms themselves were nice and large but everything was so spread out.  I had two other co-workers staying in the same hotel and they couldn't manage to get us all in the same building when each building had three floors and probably 20 rooms a floor or so.Also went to the gym a couple of times.  It was empty most times and plenty of equipment to work with, all equipment seemed kept up.  Also looked like they offered other services (massage, etc.) if you went during regular hours...I generally went really early or pretty late.Next, the internet.  $15 a day is way. too. much. way, way, way too much.  We supposedly got a special rate knowing we were there on business..a charge like this makes me feel nickel and dimed.It's been awhile since I've been to Vegas but don't they have smoke-free casinos yet?  I don't want to be forced to smoke a pack just because I wanted to gamble...it's such stale air and in combination with the smoke it was pretty gross.I don't know...not eager to go back and have stayed at nicer places that are more convenient and priced better.
4	We were really surprised how big the room is, a few of our friends stayed at Luxor the same weekend and our room at Tuscany was much bigger and nicer. It's not too far off the strip, during the day we walked to the strip, at night we took a cab. The room comes with a fridge, couches, a table, and a desk. Definately will be staying here in the future! We didn't eat here or use the pool...we went Spring Break weekend and this was the only decent fair priced hotel we found.
3	Stayed here for a wedding.  Wasnt bad for the price and workers were very nice.  Close to the strip to walk to and the Marilyns Cafe had a good breakfest.  But probably wouldnt stay here again just because there are so many other hotels to stay at.  But overall was ok for what we paid for.
5	The best off the strip affordable hotel in Vegas.  Quiet suburb setting with big room, comfortable bed, fridge, and nice relaxing pool area with no pretentious crowd.  Good for family and business trip too.  3 affordable restaurants with good quality food inside the hotel.  10 minutes walk to the center of the strip.
4	I really loved this place. We stayed here for a few days in the middle of the week, so I can't speak for what the weekend is like.  It was wonderfully quiet  and relaxing.  It didn't even feel like I was in Las Vegas but for the casino. Our large room was great and I really appreciated the conveniences like the little fridge and the separate enclosure for the toilet and tub and separate shower. We used the fitness center and spent a good deal of time just hanging around the pool. It was beautifully landscaped which made it feel like a resort.   It was kid friendly but there weren't an abundance of kids.  We ate at Marilyn's for breakfast everyday. The food was perfectly fine, standard diner fare but nicely done. We absolutely loved the Mexican restaurant, everything tasted fresh and handmade, the guacamole was made at the table side and it was delicious. It also housed an italian restaurant and a coffee shop which we never tried.  I loved the location it was walking distance to the strip but far enough away from it to really feel like a vacation.  Every staffer we met was quite  pleasant. The only reason I didn't give them five stars is because the entertainment was not at all even remotely interesting. We're particularly annoyed by a band who is playing with a pre-recorded track to save money.  This place has enough money (surely) to be able to pay actual people to play real instruments.  While neither of us felt the musicians were bad, it's that we hated they weren't all real people. We didn't go to karaoke, the piano bar, the comedian or the country band, so I can't speak on that. We did enjoy the calmness of the place though.The casino is just like any one.  They give you $5 to play with if you join the Players club.  I loved it, I won a little money too.  I'd stay here again in a minute.  This is my first time staying off the strip and it's been the best time yet.
4	Thank you Yelpers. We enjoyed our stay very much. An easy and comfortable place to stay.  Our room was large, clean and quiet.  The pool was really nice too with cocktail service.  We were so relaxed, we fell asleep there.  The lounge in the hotel lobby was fun at night.  A great band was playing and everyone was dancing. We had very good breakfasts at Marilyn's. I especially liked the eggs benedict. Good prices and good food.  The Mexican restaurant was pretty good.  We also had a family dinner for 6 at Tuscany Gardens which we all enjoyed in a corner booth.  After dinner we walked to the strip to get some exercise and couldn't wait to get back to our Tuscany "oasis".  This is a great choice if you do not want to stay in the strip craziness.  We hope to visit every 6 months.
4	Just. A few blocks off the strip in Vegas. Very relaxing and great prices. The room was outstanding with a nice kingbed a fridge, microwave a junior suite. This place is relaxing and the pool area was great. Was able to relax by the pool in the shade on chase lounges. Towels in the pool area are plentiful, definitely a very comfortable afternoon. Parking is private with no problems, no garage and close to the room. The casino had a $3 blackjack table and was handy when the wife wanted to rest and I didn't bother her with TV noise in the room. We will most definitely stay here again!
4	LOCATION & PARKING: Plenty of private lot parking, close to entry. SERVICE. Short waiting line to check in. Customer service willing to upgrade to a room with a pool-view for $10 additional. QUALITY:  Nice quality room, furniture, appliances, coffee, chaise loungers, pool, and restrooms (showers) next to pool.  Everything was very clean. Even plenty of pool towels were supplied. PRODUCT: The rooms are junior suites. The pool is fairly large ameba shaped pool with quality chaise loungers. In the Casino area, there were $3. and $5 Blackjack tables!PERKS/CONCLUSION: Small refrigerator, sink, microwave and coffee maker located in room.  Elevators and ice machines located in buildings. $15. additional resort and wireless Internet is not included.
5	We love this place. Perfect rooms. Perfect service. Perfect restaurants. Cannot say enough great things.
5	This is a review for the casino not the hotel, since I've never stayed here.The casino is small but very entertaining if you love to play.  They have slots, tables and keno.  Their staff are friendly and eager to help.  Give this place a try.
5	Always a great stay. Small casino and great restrarants.
5	Great value for a Vegas-stay. We stayed here with our children and this place was clean and comfortable. The room was spacious with a large bathroom and the kids loved the pool. Would return in the future at any time.
5	I find it comical the people who complain about this place. I have stayed here quite a few times over the last 8 years. When I went to book my trip this time, I was reading the reviews, and was a little worried. I hadn't been here in about 3 years, and I know how fast hotels can go downhill. I reluctantly booked, and what do you know. It's just as nice, if not nicer than the last time. The price of the hotel is amazing for what you get. And being just 1/2 mile off the strip, makes it even better.
4	My boyfriend and I really enjoyed or stay here. Actually, I was kind of pleasantly surprised. We booked Saturday, the day of, through Hotel Tonight. I think we paid $55, so I was kinda expecting a bit of a dump. Our room was huge! Really nice and big, so we didn't even feel like we were staying in a hotel.  The front desk was very friendly and efficient. Checkin was quick, compared to our checkin at Tropicana the day before. As soon as the line started to grow, they had another employee come help with checkins! We grabbed a quick bite to eat on our way out, at the Mexican cantina, which was actually pretty good! And finally, Jenny Lee the bartender mixes awesome Bloody Mary's!
5	Why more people don't stay here is a mystery to me..Good Location - Away from all the noise of the strip, but at the same time only about a block from it.  Walking distance for sure and even if it's summer time (when we went) it's about a $7-$12 taxi ride.Nice, Clean and Large rooms - Rooms are a lot bigger than the typical casino style.  Two beds with a sitting area (Couch, Chair, Desk and (2) Tables. There's a mini fridge too!  Bathroom was clean and has a tub and shower.Cheap Eats - The casino restaurant is definitely bang for your buck.  It's open 24-hours and has a great Steak and Egg special ($5 from like 12-5am). Friendly Staff - Everyone there, from the dealers to the casino maids, are all really friendly and always willing to help you out.  Amenities - Internet is not free..bummer..I think it's $15 a day.  There is a pool, lap pool and a really nice gym. Price - We booked it through Expedia and it was one of the cheaper casinos.  Even better for peeps on a budget.If you're looking for a nice relaxing casino not far from the strip, this is definitely the place.  I'm pretty sure i won't be staying anywhere else.
1	WARNING: HOTEL EMPLOYEES STEAL!!! AND MANAGEMENT DOES NOTHING! Zero rating. We were in the process of switching rooms, bringing trips of luggage to the new room. We had to call maintenance about the room because the inside latch on the door was't working (though the door still locked from the outside). They sent up a maintenance man to 'fix' the lock. We came back to find the maintenance man opening the door and coming out of our room, saying he fixed the lock, and left very quickly. 10 minutes later I took out my wallet from my purse (that I unfortunately left inside the room) and discovered $60 was missing from my wallet as well as $200 missing from a money roll. Outraged, I went to the front desk to complain and I filled out a security statement. The security guards were worthless, and the hotel manager then had the nerve the yell at me when I asked for the employees name. I think they thought it was a joke. Of course I didn't get my money back, and that guy just paid 1/3 of his rent and still has his job. STAY HERE AT YOUR OWN RISK!!!
5	Paradise!! Stayed here for two days during our Wedding wknd during Father's Day Wknd. Booked the 2 BDRM suite, on the first floor w/ a pool view(pool is a nice size). Couldn't have been more perfect! Its worth the $300 a night if you go halves w/ another couple, and the resort fee is only $15 a night (unlike $28 for most Strip hotels).  Very clean, very spacious, nice grounds and tons of shade.  We had a meet and greet in our room and 18 people fit comfortably for dinner. This is a calm, quiet, relaxed resort. Its about a 2 block walk to the strip but it was nice to be away from all the chaos and noise when we wanted to just relax. We only ate at the TOGO spot in the casino but it was yummy and not pricey at all. Can't wait for  our next stay @ Tuscany.
4	There's a lot to love about the Tuscany.  Clean, large rooms.  Fridge and mini kitchen.  Easy drive in and out.  The stellar food at Marilyn's Cafe.  The pool is small but adequate and has a Jacuzzi right next to it.We stayed there a few years back, and it was a complete unknown.  We only needed a one-night stay and got a good price from an internet site.  Our experience there was a pleasant surprise.We haven't been back to stay there, though we've tried.  Tuscany's presence on internet sites is puzzling.  We have checked their prices and they vary wildly.  The Tuscany also charges a resort fee which does not include internet.  Le what?  You'd think an off-strip place like the Tuscany would price a little more competitively - and consistently.   Plus, they asked us for a $200 deposit - a little much for travelers on a budget.  This last trip we actually paid less, all in, to stay on the strip at the Flamingo.If you don't want to pay for internet, your only choice is to use the free wireless in the lobby.  But reception there is spotty at best, and you will spend your time watching the signal fade in and out.We do keep coming back for the food, which is excellent.  While the midnight steak and eggs special is the top of the list, their breakfast special is good and their desserts pretty tasty.  But if they are using Marilyn's Cafe to drive business to their hotel, I would suggest that they would succeed better in that endeavor by making it easier to stay with them.
2	I had this expectation that coming to Vegas for the first time would be insane--lavish, excessive, probably a bit trashy, and highly inebriated. It has definitely been that last one, and otherwise mostly just trashy.Our room is HUGE, but vacant--there is little furniture to fill all the space, so instead of feeling luxurious like large hotel rooms usually do, it simply feels weirdly empty. Despite all this space, there are very places surfaces on which to put things, so most of my stuff is just in a pile on the floor (in the bathroom shower, there is nowhere to put the shampoo, which is just plain weird and awkward). The furniture that is present is very cheap, and the ugly kind of cheap. Bob's Discount Furniture, not even Ikea. A lot of it is broken, but with an attempted repair in place.The decor EVERYWHERE screams pearls on swine--an attempt to make something cheap and shoddy look fancy. I'm not sure who it's fooling, but I'm sure people somewhere think this place is high class. It mostly looks like bad late eighties interior decoration.I have hit major frustration with the fact that the television and alarm clock in my room don't even function. Nothing!The fixtures in the bathroom are all old and slightly crusty. The bathroom again is huge, but not to any purpose. It's just cavernous and vacant.There is something about this hotel room that makes me think crime scene.The pros: we came here for a conference, and it's right in the hotel, so our commute to the conference is super easy. Since it's off the strip, the rates are cheaper. It's clean and the staff are nice, if slightly overwhelmed by the number of people brought in by the conference.If you want to have a cheaper Vegas experience, this can do it. The hotel bar and restaurants are pretty junk, so you still want to walk up to the strip, but you can walk just over a block and then duck into Bally's and enjoy using their AC to finish your walk to the strip, making the fact that it's off the strip not so bad and much more manageable.I think two stars might be too harsh for this place, but I honestly just can't find a justification to give it a third, so I'm sticking with two.
3	I was very surprised and impressed by this place. FYI this is like another Tahiti Village, except a bit closer.Clean, professional, has tons of amenities, a nice pool, a cheap but satisfying late night restaurant, and clean rooms.We stayed in a suite, so it was very big and had a sink, cabinets, dining table, and living room area, however, they are not separated by any doors. I would definitely consider staying here again.FYI bring your own laptop if you need to or plan on using the internet. The business center charges and arm and a leg for computer usage. I had to find out the hard way :(
5	Very nice hotel. Rooms very spacious. Double beds but very comfortable. It was about a block off the strip. There is a small casino but not where I would choose to gamble. Very quiet. Only downside was no free wifi in the rooms. Since there is a "resort fee" , it would be nice if it included wifi.
3	Short Story:A decent place that is off the strip.Long Story:I came here for a conference and the room was alright.  I didn't expect much and I didn't plan to spend a lot of time in the room anyways.  The service to check in was good, though when it is busy, expect to wait.  The food downstairs was pretty good, but I would avoid the casino food.  The pools are nice with places for both children and adults.Verdict:An okay place if you looking for the best for your money.
5	Pleasant SurpriseWe're Vegas locals who decided on a quick overnight "staycation" and given the stupid cheap price and decent reviews, we thought, "How can we go wrong?"Pros: CLEAN, the room and common areas we saw were nice and clean.  BIG, our room was cavernous.  I've been in so-called suites that were smaller than this room.  INEXPENSIVE, this place is a fantastic value.  COMFORTABLE, we loved the beds, they were just right.  There is also a fridge, sink and small table.Cons:  Furniture old, boring and dated.  Water pressure - Meh.  Didn't have any rooms with king sized beds @ 5PM on a Tuesday.  Internet is $15 per day, PER DEVICE.  $15 Resort (cough) fee.  Flatscreen TV is just stretched standard-def, not true HD.The pros drastically outclass the cons.  We got the best sleep we've had in quite a long time.  If you're visiting from out of town, there are a lot of nice restaurants nearby, to say nothing of the strip itself.  There's plenty of parking.  Save on the room, and spend it having fun.  This is the place to stay.
5	I've stayed at the Tuscany on three separate occasions, and have been very happy with each time that I stayed there. It's a great value, because you get a suite at a really reasonable price. There are also several good restaurants in the casino, so that's convenient. Plus, it's only a few city-blocks from The Strip.
1	I would never stay here again. We stayed here for our first time this weekend. Check in went smoothly enough. Our room was decent sized and the furniture seemed nice enough, but... There was no microwave. I've stayed at flee bag motel's that will have a microwave in every room. So now I have to eat out if I want hot food at all. Second of all there are no shelves or rails in the shower, which makes it awkward to get to your body wash or any other shower products without making the floor a mess.         All of the things above I could deal with but the way we were treated by the bartender at the piazza lounge (the house bar), and the staff on the casino floor I couldn't take. They were rude not only to me but to my wife (about the biggest thing you could do to piss me off).          Then in the morning I was still a little ticked, so I filled out the comment card and took it to check out with me. I asked for a manager to turn the card into to make sure it was actually read. I waited over 20 mins and no manager ever showed up, I was told the if I left the card with them at the front desk, with my info they would have the manager call me. Now it's been over 12 hours and still no call or e-mail. Yet again I will never stay here again.
4	My friends and I decided to hit it up for Labor Day weekend and stayed here for our trip. This place is a little bit off the Strip, however this place offers you a great deal for a 600 sq ft suite, especially if you're in a large group.There's a refrigerator available and AC is provided. One thing that was a bit annoying was that sometimes our hotel room key wouldn't work. One of us had to call the front desk to let us in. Other than that, you can have only up to a max of 2 car permits for each hotel room.There's a fitness center and pool available. Concierge is nice and professional. I highly recommend this place. Great deals!
4	This is the second time we stayed here. Liked it both times. This time we didnt have a car for the first few days. We took a shuttle from the airport; I think it was Bell trans and its about $7 a person. We had 3 people in our party, so a cab may have been better. Staff are friendly and helpful. Our room was quiet in building C. There are some that are not if they are close to where the band plays. The room is very large compared to most hotel rooms that I stayed in. There is a 7-11 nearby next to the Arco gas station, if you want an inexpensive donut in the morning or quick snack or bottle water. The room has a fridge, no microwave. You have to pay for wifi in the room.There is a monorail about a block away at Bally's. Its $12 per day. The strip is about a 10 minute walk.You do have to keep your guard up if your walking along the sidewalk along Flasmingo rd. There are homeless people hanging out by the bus stop and some by the 7-11 on Koval ln .especially at night. On the last day we were there, I got a car rental for $20 a day special at Hertz office in the Flamingo just down the road. Enterprise doesnt pick you up at the hotel, like they say on their ads.
2	You guys blew it Tuscany Hotel & Casino.  This past weekend we stayed for 4 nights ((a long weekend and to celebrate our wedding anniversary) and made the reservations 6 weeks ago directly with you. We showed up on Friday at 3:30 to check in, and the best you could give us was block L, the furthest block of rooms from the casino and hotel lobby.  It was not as if we were checking in late in the day.vWe have stayed with you 4 times in the last 2 years. Your team did not even acknowledge our patronage. Does the management even do any research about their repeat customers?  Do they even care? Not a great way to treat us, I'm afraid. Not sure we will be returning to your hotel and casino any time in the near future.
5	I stayed here during the last 2 recent Vegas trip. Love it here! The rooms are suite style so it's pretty big with a couch, dining table, kitchen, fridge, and a big bathroom. Great for large groups.The hotel is off the strip, but only by a 5 minutes drive. It's well worth it for the price.In the casino they have a restaurant that has steak and eggs for $5 starting at midnight until 5am, I believe. It's decent and you cannot beat the price.During the most recent trip we took, we checked in at 4am after the club and checked out at 9am. When we went to check out the lady decided to only charge us the resort fee since she said we only stayed there for 5 hours and we technically only took a "nap" there. Cannot beat the customer service either!!
3	Pros: Nice hotel. Located a block behind Bally's. Not too far of a walk to the strip. A much older crowd stays here, so it's not geared towards the party scene.The suites are huge! They've got a mini fridge, sink, and a dining table. A recliner & couch in the "living room" area, a flat screen tv, and two full beds.Marilyn's Cafe, late night $4.99 steak & eggs. Enough said. Cons: The floors and walls are paper thin!! Every single step that was taken by anyone in the room was felt. And you could hear the people up above stomping around. So very annoying!! And the doors wouldn't open unless you turned the handle up!! What the hell is that about? Also, the room is very dim even with all the lights on. In the day time, if your room has an awning over the window, you're SOL when it comes to sunlight. Not much gets in.I mean, don't get me wrong. It's a nice hotel, but the thin walls & floors/ceilings suck.
3	Good food. Good service$5 for steak, eggs, toast and hash browns?! Great for eat-out at the end of a drunk night.Food:Steak could be a better.Otherwise no real complaints.Service:Very good.They immediately take care of any dinning questions or concerns.
1	Booked thru a 3rd party "booking.com" took an hr to check me in as they "didn't have my info yet" but at 29 a night what do you expect....oh yeah, another 20 in resort fees and taxes. They screwed up the rooms, paid for kings received dbls. Credit to the GM for finally getting it right. Overpriced Mexican food and lazy staff minus one guy at the resturant. I did however win a few hundred bucks at the casino. Check out was as bad as they had to check my rooms before I got my deposit back. Perhaps I stuffed a microwave in my carry on. The rooms are nice and the bed is comfy. Long way to go on making you a priority or encouraging return business....it was a deal minus the headaches but I'd rather pay more, be treated right, and stick with what I know
4	Large and clean rooms so it's great for a family. Easy access to parking since there's separate lots for different units. Doesn't feel crazy and hectic like the hotels on the strip. Only negative is that it's supposed to be non smoking but we walk into the lobby and there was smoke. Definitely will come back. I got a Friday night stay on expedia for $50.
3	My boss at the time has a brother who apparently worked for the owner of this hotel, so my wife and I stayed here as a sort of mini-vacation away from the group of people I went with. They stated at the Flamingo and we got a room here for free actually. The experience was quiet and decent. The pool area was nice (yes the resort fee is kind of outrageous for what you get, but we weren't looking for a party scene, just somewhere to lay out and enjoy). The room itself was good and would be better for families. Casino was very small and not exciting, but I sometimes prefer playing craps with only 1-2 people instead of crazy full tables. I didn't have much luck on this trip, but my wife enjoyed the slots and at check in you should see if they have the coupon book still. Breakfast solid, but nothing special. If we do come back, we'd probably come here again unless I got some free offer from another property.
1	There was hair in the bathtub from a previous guest shaving or receiving a hair cut. The bathtub remained uncleaned for 3 days during our stay after multiple complaints to 2 different managers. I uploaded photos of the hair as well.We were barely compensated for this gross and unsanitary inconvenience (the manager would only remove the $14.00 resort fee for 2 days of our 5 night stay). Additionally they began painting the hallways at 7:00am. It stunk and the workers were loud.Lastly, I forgot an item in the room. I called hours after I checked out and my property was not turned in.Very disappointed with this unclean hotel and with the management.
5	My mom and 5 sisters reserved 3 suites in this hotel during our stay from Oct 27 through Nov 3rd.  The rooms are huge and comfy, very clean.  Service was EXCELLENT!  Everyone was very helpful and polite.   Loved the workout room and lap pool and the fact that we were in the middle of the strip in about a 10 minute walk.  Marilyn's Cafe had great food and we especially liked our waiter, Victor.  He was funny and helpful.  The Catina restaurant also had good food and great service.  My husband and I will be moving next year to Henderson so in the meantime while we look for a place to rent/buy, we will stay at the Tuscany.  Oh yeah, NO bedbugs!!!!
4	Very happy with the hotel. Just a couple of blocks from the Strip and very close to the airport without the noise.The room was spacious and clean and the price ($115 including taxes, resort fee etc.) was a good value.Friendly staff, nice pool (and a lap pool) as well as 3 restaurants and a casino. My husband and I decided Tuscany will be our LV hotel from now on!
4	I have stayed here soooo many times - it's my go-to place when I want to save money and/or have a quieter stay in Vegas.   It's close enough to Las Vegas Blvd that you can walk there easily if you want, and it's well located on Flamingo. Pros:  price, large sized rooms (suite style), large bathrooms, fridge and sink in the 'kitchen' area, relatively quiet, cafe is pretty good, front desk staff is friendly.Cons:  I have been staying here almost since it first opened, and the main thing I have noticed is that the room doors keep getting harder and harder to open - it's like the handles are not secure in their fixture and wiggle - often times I have to try several times to get into my room because the handle won't go down when I'm trying to open the door.  Also, sometimes my door would wiggle a bit when other people's doors would open and close, which is a bit annoying.I definitely recommend this place despite my door complaints - it's a great value.
4	Love everything about this place, except for the fact that it is not on the strip. But! The prices, the rooms and the service has never failed in pleasing me. I lowkey don't want to share too much because I don't want this place to become more popular and have the prices go up or have it always be so crowded ;) One thing that was really junk though was trying to catch a cab from Tuscany to the strip. It always took so0o long for the cabs to come!! No one likes waiting.....I love staying here and living the suite life for such an incredible price :)
1	Not at all what we expected. Do not be fooled that it is called "Suites". The kitchen cabinets are bare: no dishes, no silverware, nothing In the kitchen cabinets! And the "coffee maker" billed as coming with the room is the worlds tiniest I've ever seen, a single cup I am told. The fridge was not on, we had to turn it on. And our non smoking room smells like smoke. Do not stay here.
2	Can you say hidden fees.  My husband and I found this hotel on orbit because it was a good promotion, it said it'd be 30 dollars we expected the resort fee which was 20 dollars.  However when we got there they told us we'd have to pay 100 deposit which we decided to pay cash so then it jumped to $200 but they said we would get out money back in the morning.  The place was cute and clean can't complain but they didn't give us a comforter just a sheet and blanket so I'm glad my husband was there to keep me warm n he's always hot.  Anyway, in the morning he called the front desk to see when checkout was and the very shady individual that answered said "ummm idk maybe 11 or 12 and after further investigation we learned if were not out by 11 were going to be charged an extra day so he went downstairs to check out.  I finished up my hair and heard a knock.  The hotel staff guy said that he needs to make sure were completely gone before he gives them the ok.  He seemed very embarassed to have to do this so I smiled and said don't worry about it I'll get my stuff.  Meanwhile, they made my husband sit at the lobby.  Long story short, we've been to many hotels.  Amazing four season, wynn hotel you name it.  I do NOT like their tacky business practices and I've never seen anything like it.
5	Have stayed here three times now (as a local resident). Great option for when the in-laws are in town ;-). Great size suites. Easy parking (not in a structure). Nice gym. Highly recommend to friends and family for trips to town. All good stuff and a very reasonable price.
5	We were passing through Vegas on our cross country road trip. Called and booked a room around midnight without a problem. Rates were very affordable. Room was huge. I've never been in a non suite that was this big. Looked to be fairly new remodel. Everything was very clean. Sometimes a hotel will give you the icky feeling. Not at all here. There is no reason why I would not stay here again. Highly recommended this place.
2	Meh indeed. It's definitely a near-Strip, off-Strip casino. And hey, maybe the rooms are alright. But the casino itself definitely leaves something to be desired. This definitely not a place I would intentionally visit. But if you're for another reason... Well, even then, I would just go about your business and skip the casino. There are much better places to lose your money. It is nice, though, that it's never crowded. You can valet your car quickly and they bring your car back around even quicker. No 10 minute wait for your car here that's for sure.
5	3 years of Vegas trips with my best friends. 3 years of staying at the Tuscany. Quite possibly the best kept secret in Las Vegas. We go every year on Super Bowl weekend and Tuscany never fails to satisfy. The room are large, spacious roomy and comfortable. We always roll deep so the more people we can fit, the better! The casino is small and intimate so you never feel intimidated. The Craps Table has only a $5 minimum, so veterans, newbs, and noobs can all play together without a larger cash commitment. Marilyn's Cafe is a tradition with us for their $4.99 steak and eggs from Midnight to 6am. Never fails to end your day right. I will return for the weekend of SB XLIX. GO NINERS!!! Gonna get it this time!
1	If there were negative stars, this place would be rated that.  First, our hotel room was broken into, and all of our items worth value, were taken.  Our laptops, purses, cash, car keys, jewelry, and liquor all gone!  We reported it to the hotel security immediately, and after their "investigation" they said we were at fault.  So, they didn't have ANY cameras in the hallway, to actually see who came into the room.  We know for a fact that we did not leave the door open, to just let people come in and take our stuff.  It had to have been an employee because you need a key card to get into the building, let alone the room.  The security guard then discouraged us from filing a police report.  Speaking with the Director of Security, and Hotel Manager, they felt that they did not need to reimburse us for anything!  After long arguments they agreed to pay us back $38.  That's nothing!  I'm pretty sure we didn't rob our own room, just to get out of paying a hotel bill.  The employees here are absolutely ridiculous!
4	One of the best breakfast places you will find in Vegas! Hit this place almost every morning we are there; the food is GREAT!!!
1	Where do I even start.  I give this place negative 5 Stars.  Upon our last night in Vegas, someone broke into our hotel room and made out with a whole lot of stuff.  They took cash, jewelry, purses, laptops.. yes three to be exact, liquor, checkbooks, luggage and sooo much more.  You can imagine the way we felt.  We just got back from walking the strip and upon our arrival the deadlock was out and our stuff was all over the place and missing our valuables.  We called security and they didnt have a clue as to what they need to do.  They kept insisting that we didnt close our door properly prior to leaving.  Now this is straight bull sh!%.  When we left we specifically placed the Do Not Disturb sign and shut the door.   We asked if they can review the cameras in the hallway and they told us that they dont have any.  What hotel does not have cameras in the hallway?  The service in which they provided us was ridiculous.  We had to go through so many hoops just to get our resort fees reimbursed of about $38.  They didnt provide us with any comps or any sense of security.  I HIGHLY recommend that YOU never stay at this place.
4	Our first time here! Got the refurbished King bed suite room on the first floor as requested! Great and helpful service from the front desk! I wanted to pay for an extra bed so my lil one can sleep on his own and the front desk agent informed me that there's a sofa bed and it's FREE! Score!Stayed for 4 nights at $38 per night! I love the room! Plenty of space for my 1 year old to run around and play. Pull out sofa bed. Queen size. Requested for microwave and it came promptly. Room was clean. There's a bathtub AND a shower AND a separate potty WITH a separate door from the main bathroom door. WHAAAAAAAT?! We prefer not to have room turndowns during hotel stays because we like our privacy. What we did was ask for extra toiletries when we ran out and the housekeepers were more than happy to obliged. Thank you! We had an awesome stay!!! This may not be a 5 star hotel but we appreciate good comfort when we find them. Truly a gem. Away from the strip, chaos and traffic + 4.99 eggs and steak for supper!!!!!!!
5	Great place to stay and play!   If you don't like huge crowds and want to gamble, their casino is great for that.  I took a craps lesson from Jody and played the game afterwards.  Did pretty well, with their help.  Great stay, clean room, set up like an apartment.  We will go back for sure.
2	Where to stay in Vegas? You can live like a king at the Four Seasons, pretend Donald Trump is still relevant by staying at his place, or squat in an unfinished condo at the Palms. Then again, you don't have to stay anywhere. Why not just wander the streets for a few days without sleeping? You'll have plenty of company. Of course, the choices cover the gamut. If you're looking for a wannabe resort/casino within walking distance of the Strip, this is the place. The Tuscany is resolutely mediocre. We had never heard of it before we booked a room for a soccer tournament and scored a great rate, especially considering it was a holiday weekend. Why so affordable? Well, the floor in our room shook when we walked on it, which means the beds and all the furniture did, too. We were glad to be on the on the third floor so we didn't have to experience ceiling vibrations from upstairs neighbors. Apologies to whoever was below us. The bathroom kept pace. It was equipped with a small water closet with a fan that roared like one of the jets taking off from nearby McCarran Airport. Because the fan was connected to the light, we elected to do our business in the dark. The bathroom was large enough for a bathtub, but it  leaked. There was only a small soap storage tray in the shower (separate from the tub), so everything else (including razors) was strewn across the floor. We were pleased to see a working iron in our room, but the ironing board cover was more wrinkled than our clothes, and it didn't fit. Managing that peculiarity is one definition of adventure.Service execution was uneven. The sofa bed wasn't made when we checked in, but was handled relatively promptly after we pointed it out. Room service was offered, but without the cart employed by just about every other hotel in the universe. We ordered breakfast and were puzzled to see everything wrapped tightly in an overstuffed plastic bag. The room service employee cradled the bag in one hand and three large foam cups with drinks in the other, and he brought enough condiments to last a decade. Believe it or not, the food was good.
5	Best breakfast I had in a long time we arrived at 5:30 in the morning after walking the strip. All of my friends and I were absolutely in love with the price of the steak and eggs only 4.99. Service was not all that great but I'm not going to deduct the points for some employee.
4	This is the place to stay. If you don't mind being just off the strip and are looking for a great place. It has it all
5	I came to Vegas for the NASCAR weekend and stayed at the Tuscany for the first time. We came with friends who liked the format of the hotel- rooms away  from casino, and the ease of getting your vehicle. I would agree that these are great perks but the best thing about the hotel is their housekeeping staff.  After arriving home, I realized that I left 2 bottles of expensive perfume and a pair of pj's in the night stand. When I called the hotel, they transferred me to lost and found and to my surprise, they had my belongings.  It was just 3 days and the package arrived to my home, wrapped with utmost care(bubble wrap around the perfumes).  Honesty goes a long way in this day and age. Kudos to housekeeping and being honest and providing a clean room.
3	I am going to break this down nice and simple:Pros: - Rooms are large and clean- Has a low key casino that is not intimidating, had fun plays craps- Has a decent Mexican place (Cantina) and Diner (Maryln's) attached to the property.- Close to the strip without being on the stripCons- Charged $20/night for a resort fee.. which covers.. and I quote.. "free wi-fi, the pool, the gym and the iron in your room".. which sounds to me like everything I would expect from a hotel anyway these days.. and the Wifi isn't "free", its $20 in this case.- It is really hard to get a cab! We asked a cab driver what the deal is and he said the hotel won't let them use the restroom or park, so most drivers avoid it.- The cleaning chemicals are really pungent, lots of interesting smells.
5	This year the bbw convention was held here This was a big blow out party weekend where big beautiful woman and bbw lovers from all over the world came together and had the most epic time of the year.  It was amazing to go somewhere and it be so discreet but yet so amazing  with the huge turn out The cafe was amazing the ruins are nice and the slots are loose
1	I had a reservation for 2 beds for a month, then showed up to the hotel and they only had single king beds. The casino sucks, they have like 5 tables. The rooms are far away from the casino. The reason I am writing this review, is because I just looked at my bank account. And not only did they not refund me my deposit. They withdrew more money from my account. I left the room as I found it. I will never stay in this sorry excuse for a Las Vegas hotel and casino again.
5	The price is what got my attention.  Only $130 for a Saturday night on one of the busiest weekends.  The room was amazing.  For $130, I didn't expect such a huge living room, sleeping area, dinning area, tiny kitchenette, and the huge bathroom with a glass door shower, separate bathtub, and a separate room for the toilette. Very clean.  The only negative was they allow smoking in the building which we could smell once in the hallway.  Didn't bother me but my girl has allergies and it was bad for her.
3	A nice property. More low key than many in Las Vegas. Very friendly and efficient staff. The room could have been a bit more thoroughly cleaned.
3	I've driven past this place many times, but never came in.  I finally gave it a try.  It's a small casino, hence you will find less slots and table games, but also find cheaper table games. You could get bored fast, but the staff is friendly enough and it's not going to be as crowded as the casino on the strip.
5	I like this casino. I like to play here. It's off The Strip, but still close to Hard Rock Hotel and Casino as well, as another fave of mine, Terribles (now, the new Silver Sevens!). This place is comfortable and homey and has a real locals feel to it and is a nice reprieve from the madness of The Strip. I recommend this place for play, food or drinks.
2	We booked a trip our very first time to Las Vegas. We booked our trip on bookit.com and once the trip was booked and the money was pulled from my account I got my confirmation I booked 2 rooms and on my confirmation it said that this hotel charged $112.00 at check in a $14.00 per night per room up front fee. I was prepared for that. We arrived by plane around 9pm the shuttle service they used showtime shuttle took forever to get to the hotel so we arrived at the Tuscany around 10:pm at check in I was informed that my Credit/Debit card would be charged $19 per night per room up front plus a $100 per room for incidentals this would have been nice to know before arrival since my card was charged well over $300 dollars upon check-in. After getting all checked in we find that pool we were looking forward to after the flight and the long day we had expected to be able to get in the pool and hot tub but no it closed at 10pm so that was not even an option. So we were sent to our rooms and didn't know that our rooms were literately on the other side of the property and since we did not have a car it took us 20 minutes to walk to our rooms with all of our luggage . We booked two rooms several months in advance, and the rooms were so far apart, extra walking.Once in our rooms, room service had stopped for the night since it was now after 11 by time we got in our room I had my husband go to Marilyn's cafe and get us some food. My husband ordered me an Eggs Benedict with spinach and tomato added and he ordered biscuits and gravy, my husband brought it back to the room after waiting an hour for his order.When i got my food it was not good. the hash browns were burned and the egg's benedict had hollandaise sauce was burnt and tasted like it sat in a warmer for hours my husbands biscuits and gravy had a bitter taste to it. ,The casino was kinda dirty and the machines were sticky at most of them. We dined at the Tuscany's Restaurant Marilyn's Cafe a few times the first time actually in the restaurant being a breakfast service. the server was very friendly a super attentive short Filipino woman. she was so friendly. but service itself was very slowThe few times we dined there the orders were wrong, and it took 30 minutes to get our food. We allowed room service in our room one day and the other 4 days we put the do not disturb sign up as we didn't trust them to come into our room while we were gone. On the bright side it is only a 5-10 minute walk to the strip so that was convenient. This hotel and casino  was mediocre at best yes the rooms were big with the queen bed but our view was an empty lot of dirt and homeless people, in the distance we could see Hard rock and Luxor. When we did get the chance to enjoy the hot tub night 3 and 4 the first night we went to the pool and hot tub at the fitness center instead of walking all the way across the land to get to the main pool it was ok with a little kid swimming in the 3ft "exercise only pool" at 9:30pm we sat in the hot tub it was ok except the 15 glass beer bottle around the hot tub with signs every where that say no glass. The last night we went to get in the same hot tub and there was dark brown something in the hot tub it looked like someone went to the bathroom in the hot tub.  We checked out of our rooms at 7 am and waited for our shuttle we had to wait 2 weeks for our money to be put back on the card from the  $100 per room for incidentals that we did not use. If I ever get the chance to go back to Vegas I will not stay at the Tuscany ever again. I was very disappointed. primarily if they use other sites to book their rooms they should state all fees and charges up front before the guest arrives. and once booked they should check with their guests to see if they are driving or if they are walking and if walking they should provide a golf cart or something for guests to get to their rooms, they should clean the machines frequently and they should keep thei pool open later, and their room service later after all it is the city that never sleeps.. Never again The only reason this place gets 2 stars is because the room was clean (musty) but clean when we got in it and because of the server we had the first time we went to breakfast in Marilyn's.
5	Such an AMAZING pleasant surprise!!!My friend booked us here for a college reunion of sorts.  I was suspicious because I've never heard of this place and it's not really very close to the Strip.  OMG...so glad my friend made this choice.  This is one of my new favorite resorts in Vegas.  Let me tell you a few reasons why:-All of the rooms are HUGE and suite-style; there were 4 of us and we all fit super comfortably in one room.  Two queen beds and a full-size couch (some of the rooms have pullouts but I slept on the normal couch and was plenty comfy) are automatically provided.  If you're road-trippin up from Socal or anywhere else, there is more than enough floor space to comfortably fit one or two more air mattresses.  If you're broke college kids or something, one room could fit 10 people with no issue.-Bathrooms are super nice; walk-in shower and garden tub are both wonderful.  They also provide a REAL hair dryer and not those dinky toy-sized ones you get at Holiday Inn.-I think this place used to be an apartment complex or something with the way it's laid out; it's awesome because you can park right next to your room and not have to worry about making a long trek to your car if you forgot something.  We had a fancy rental car and never felt sketchy about leaving it in the parking lot; there are security patrolling on golf carts at all times-The casino is actually decent for being off-strip.  The slots seemed to be pretty loose and most of my friends won big there (I, of course, had no luck but whatever).  They have a decent selection of table games as well.-Marilyn's Cafe or whatever is amazing drunk food.  Steak and egg plate in the middle of the night is only $4.99.All in all, I will most definitely be coming back here to stay and play again.
1	Went to play craps and one of the pit bosses during the day got mad when I hit a $10 12 twice.!   After that he came up with a new rule and didnt let me place the dice.Wouldnt even color me out when I left after that.
1	Worst Concierge Service !!I had a small request to have one piece of paper printed from the internet.I went to the Concierge Office to ask if they could help me.   There was anolder , white haired man there.   He was NOT FRIENDLY, and NOT HELPFUL.I was obviously bothering him.  He told me Tuscany Suites has a business officeand I had to do the small task there.  The Business Office is a LONG walk overto the their Casino and up to the 2nd Floor.   I hauled my laptop up there to makethe one copy.   To use their business center and print one copy of a piece of paper,you have to pay to log on to the internet , download the PRINTER DRIVER for their specific printer from the internet  ,  and then you can print the page.   I did all this , and the printerdid not work.   So , for something the Concierge could have helped me within 2 minutes, I spent an hour of my "vacation" trying to get the one page printed,and still was unsuccessful.   WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE ever ...and I am here at the Hotel for 4 nights.   ( Wish me luck)I am so tempted to try and check out and stay somewhere else....My advice to Tuscany would be to put someone in the Concierge Officewho is people friendly, and enjoys assisting others.
1	Horrible customer service.
4	Rough start, but great recovery and will stay again.Arrived after a long flight from the East coast, and we were anxious to get into our room, get ready, and take Vegas by storm. At check-in, which went smooth, we were given our room keys, but the small problem was that we weren't told that where the elevators were, or were we made aware that our building (hotel was comprised of several buildings) was on the total opposite side of the complex. We didn't even get offered a map of the property. Not a big, frankly we should have asked, but in a tourist town such as Las Vegas, that should have been automatic. We get to our building, and our cards would not work to gain access to the building. Thus we had to go back to the counter and get new keys. Slightly inconvenienced, but we were excited to be in Vegas, that wasn't major to us. We get to our room and we were impressed. It was very spacious, the kitchenette was great, and the bathroom was very large.In the rush to get out and properly enjoy the sights and activities of Vegas, we didn't go over the room with a fine toothed comb. This, we should have done. After an evening on Freemont Street, we were 'tired' and needed a good night's rest at 4AM. Our room was supposed to be a King bed and a pullout sofa-bed. Well, our room was not that...had the King bed, but no pull-out, just the sofa. Definitely not suitable for 4 late 20-somethings recovering from a battle with Vegas. After a night of drawing the short straw and sleeping on the floor, I went to the front desk and they switched our room. It was perfect because it was a move only down the hall in the building we were already in, had all the same features of our original room with a SLEEPER SOFA. Perfect. And the move was made with no fuss from the staff and it was done while we soaked in the pool/hot tub ridding ourselves of the night before.That was all within the first 18hrs of check-in. After that, the next 4 days were delightful. The a fore mentioned pool was great. The hot tub was relaxing. No blaring club music at 9AM over the sound system, just simple chill music. It was never packed, it was crowded, but always could find a reclining seat, though there wasn't many open after 9AM.The Restaurant "Marilyn's" was the most pleasant surprise of the stay. Yes, $3.95 all you can eat pancakes ALL-DAY (just have to ask for it...not on menu), $5.99 Steak and Eggs from Midnight to 7AM (I think) and $7.99 from 7AM(?) to Noon, and on Friday night...$16.99 all you can eat crab legs. All of these were taken advantage of. The pancakes were awesome! The Steak on the Steak and Eggs wasn't Gordon Ramsay-esque, but more than adequate and the sides (eggs, hasbrowns, and 2 PANCAKES) more than made up for it. And the crab legs, were very good (being from the East coast, I know great crab, and these were good for Vegas standards).The Casino was small-ish, but there was only one area of tables (Roulette, Craps, Blackjack, 'Super Fun 21' (a must try)) and a whole lot of Slots/Video poker and a small sports book with no bar and only a couple of high top tables to watch your event with no waitress service from what we could tell. But no biggie there.Overall this is a very, very good stay. The price (via hotels.com) was great for 5 days/4 nights (under $525). Easy walk to the strip and there are cabs available. Will definitely stay again.PS - If anyone from Tuscany reads this, I would also like to make note of a minor issue. The door which leads from the stairs on the interior of Building N to the outside is extremely difficult to open. Nothing that would deter me from staying at Tuscany again (or Building N for that matter). Just a head's up.
1	I was looking for a nice hotel to go to for my boyfriend's  birthday in July and I was referred to this hotel so I decided to call. I was transferred to customer service where this rude lady hung up on me multiple times! So this hotel will DEFINITELY not be getting my money nor will I refer anyone else here. Your best bet is to get a hotel on the strip where they treat people better!!
4	Pleasantly surprised! Check in staff was super, room spacious and clean. Hotel nicely decorated, with free wifi for guests that is actually speedy! Food at the restaurants (Marilyn's and the Cantina) was great and reasonably priced. Good drink prices as well. The downside was that casino slots are pretty tight- we had MUCH better luck at other casinos. The pool I saw also didn't have as many chairs as were needed, but the pool waitress seemed to be attentive.
5	I only go to the Tuscany Hotel for their cafe. I forgot what it was called (they only have one cafe), but they have the best steak specials! On Sundays, they have a steak special. The meat they give you is HUGE and you get sides as well for only $9.99! On weekdays after midnight, they have a steak & eggs special for only $6.99! I know in Vegas there are other places that serve cheaper steak & eggs, but for a couple of extra bucks, you get more meat, better quality and better service! Not only do they have the steak and eggs special, they have amazing salads and vegetarian options if you are not much of a meat-eater! The cafe also has an amazing dessert selection!The casino itself is small and not your typical "VEGAS" casino. The rooms are definitely cheaper per night and the casino floor is smaller, but you will have cheaper table games! I have not seen the rooms yet, but I have heard that they are clean and the service is clean. If I ever get a room, then I will update this review.Tuscany is a bit off the strip, but it is about a street away from Las Vegas Blvd. You have Ballys, the new hotel.. The Cromwell, Caesars Palace.. and the whole strip ahead of you! It is a quiet hotel and very clean. I would recommend people to check this place out!
3	Tuscany is located less than a mile away from the strip and is in very close proximity of Bally's. It's around a 2 minute drive!Check in was easy. They also give you a parking permit for your car.The good:Spacious rooms, clean, easy access, don't have to park very far from your room (see below about parking situation), has a fridge, separate room for just the toilet so you can enjoy the bathroom even when someone needs to occupy the toilet. Not bad at all, especially for the price. The problems: Parking was horrible! Almost every spot was filled around our complex and it was always difficult to find. Yes, we could probably park somewhere else, but seriously, why would you want to. We were lucky to find the LAST spot available every night.FIX YOUR DOORS! We had so much trouble with our card working going in to our complex and our room. It was aweful. What should be one swipe in and out ended up being a power struggle between me and the door.Other than that, the place was pretty good. Would stay here again if I can't find anything cheap on the strip!
5	This is not a vegas strip fancy hotel.  Things are more low key here. There are several different buildings that make up the hotel.  I actually liked that because it almost seemed like we were the only ones there even though the place was booked solid. It kept the noise levels down and you didn't have people just walking all over each other in the halls and walkways. Never had any issues with parking but there were definitely more open spaces during the day.  It was an easy walk to the strip.  We didn't get the chance to try out either pool. They did however look very clean and nice. Some sunny areas but shady spots to sit back and relax as well.  The casino was nice. Did a little gambling in there. Bartenders were friendly. We ate breakfast at the cafe - awesome!   We had a snack there as well one night. Nothing spectacular but we just had cheesesticks. The employees all seemed friendly. Check in and check out were smooth and uneventful-great!  There is a resort fee. All the hotels in vegas around the strip have it. Every one is different but they are there nonetheless. Along with deposits but you get that back-if you don't mess up anything.  They are working on renovating and our room was great.  Very large with sitting area, kitchenette, new bathroom with seperate toilet area.  We ended up with a smoking room, given the option to switch the following day, but we didn't need to. We couldn't tell at all.  I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again. Very enjoyable.
5	Good service everything new, the staff are Friendly . We can say WOWI love this place. I'll come back.
5	My girls and I came here on a girls get away, and loved staying here. Staff was friendly, rooms were big and clean, and hotel is close to the strip, except if you're wearing heels then you'll need a taxi :) and if you need a taxi then I suggest to go to the front lobby because there will be a line to get a taxi. The price for what we got was great! We will be back!
3	The price point was reasonable, even though the $17 per day resort fee was pretty steep.  If however all LV "resorts" charged the same fee, the issue is mute.  The room was spacious, a tad larger than many studio setups, and the hotel location close enough to the strip.  It was easy to travel north or south via Koval or Paradise streets that parallel Las Vegas Boulevard.There were two issues about the hotel that determined my rating of only 3 stars.  First, there were people in or about the pool area who talked very loud all the way through 2AM one morning, and the hotel did nothing.  Secondly, I requested extra bath towels and they acknowledged but NEVER brought them.  I think my request was pretty simple and easy to fulfill.....  I did not complain about the voices because it was LV, after all. We were not impressed with Marilyn's Cafe.  The breakfast sausage tasted like previously frozen and lacked flavor, but the Ruben sandwich was pretty good.  I shall reserve final judgment on the cafe for now, since we did not try other dishes.
4	My sister hates this place. My sister is an idiot! God I hope my sister doesn't read my Yelp reviews.Off the strip and reasonably priced, the Tuscany is a great choice if you are on a budget and don't mind being off the strip. Of course, if you want to be on the strip in the middle of the action, then you should stay on the strip in the middle of the action. Just be prepared to pay a lot more than you will pay at the Tuscany. The rooms are all huge and come with a fridge. They are clean and comfortable and less expensive than just about any other place in town. The service is good and check in was quick and painless.The casino is decent, but not exceptional. They don't get all the newer slots and there is no poker room, but they also have $5 blackjack tables and sometimes you can even get a $3 table. By contrast, I also recently stayed at the Aria, and never saw anything less than a $15 table.If you want to go to the strip it is right down Flamingo Road.  You could walk it if you wanted to, but the cab ride wouldn't be very expensive. I usually have a car in Vegas so that isn't an issue for me.As far as restaurants go, Marilyn's is crap but the Tuscany Gardens is surprisingly good, see my separate reviews for those establishments. There is also a Mexican restaurant, but I have yet to try that.They do charge a resort fee, which I think is BS, but everyplace charges that these days so there really is no avoiding it regardless of where you stay. The resort fee includes free WiFi which I was going to pay for anyway so it evens out. Plus the resort fee here is less than most of the other hotels anyway so you are still saving money.Parking is easy and free, and unlike a lot of other places in Vegas, you don't have to walk for three days to get to the casino or hotel if you don't valet.So regardless of what my sister says, this place is great, and I highly recommend it if you are looking for a place off the strip.
3	Decent hotel not too far from the strip, clean with very big rooms. Stayed here in June during the week. You can park you car close to your building//room and don't have to walk through endless halls of casino. Resort fee 19$.
1	Pit boss at craps table on Sunday July 20th around noon was over the top rude and insulting. His attitude made us pick up and leave, I will never return here to gamble or stay ever again for that sole reason.
1	Tara front desk mgr is biggest liar and crook when checking outTara: Your deposit will be credited.Myself: She didn't do it .Myself: I had call accounting.Tara: Lied told us we get free stay after maid left rusted nail  on floor .we didn't ask for our money back. She offered this she didn't vacuum the room and we could have injured ourselves or if  a child we're to walk on rusted nail. If your thinking we planted nail free stay your mistaken the room had nails on the side board we would step on it and sued.My family stayed for four nights and paid even after Steven underhanded our rates like previous guest experience.Tara asked see photos of nail left by the,bed you can' barely see the,nail .We walked with security to fill out incident report.She gave her card mentioned no blackout dates and type the notes.I trusted her Three weeks later I called Tara ,Vanessa answered and confirmed the notes.All of sudden she walked out of the office.Vanessa told us we get a call back confirmed our phone number.Tara,never called us! A Coward and liar!!! Beware!!
5	This hotel is nice for they are right off the strip and do not charge for parking or all the other non-sense fees that the strip joints do to your wallet. Only mistake I made was making the reservation through a company called GTA, never use this I repeat never use this travelCompany. They do not care about anything and see their customers only as dollar signs. Because of all the hassle the travel company gave me the Tuscany have me a free upgrade from two queens to a king room. The area was quiet where we stayed in building B and if you spend 20 dollars in the gambling machine you can drink for free. The hotel is only a ten minute walk from the strip not bad if you are there during the fall and winter season during the summer it may be too hot for the young and elderly to walk to the strip since it reaches 112 degrees.
4	Located on Flamingo, just east of the Las Vegas Strip, this is not the snazziest place in Las Vegas, but dont let that put you off. There are two great, intimate music venues, the lobby bar and the T Spot, the only down side is a two drink minimum, it's not the two drinks, it's that they insist on brining them out at the same time, I hate that.If the cocktail waitress can't keep track and count to 2, perhaps they should up their standards during the hiring process (just a suggestion). but still well worth the trip off strip. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
5	My family loves the Tuscany suites in Vegas! We always stay here for many reasons: great room prices (plus resort fee), large clean rooms (600 sq ft) with large bathroom, fridge and micro upon request, sink and dining table, plus a living room area, beautiful property and ambiance, separate resort style buildings, easy parking, nice pool. You don't have to walk through a casino to get to your room, that's in a separate building. They also have several decent restaurants. I recommend this place to anyone that is not interested in all the thrills and crowds.
1	Horrible rooms,  this use to be a great hotel at a good price.  Now the rooms suck. The walls are like paper, you can hear everything.  I don't recommend this place at all.
4	Second time coming here for the sole purpose of steak and eggs. A long night of clubbing results in a voracious appetite! Great food!
5	Far exceeding my expectations! Huge, CLEAN suite. Big bathroom. Comfy beds. The restaurants: italian, Mexican and cafe are all good. I cannot beat this in Vegas THIS close to the strip for $39/night (plus $19 resort fee). Trick to Vegas is visit Sun- Thursday. You can score this nice a** room for cheap! I HIGHLY recommend Tuscany Suites.
2	Walls are like paper.   Staff are not on top of things and unfriendly.   Had to switch rooms because of the noise of the room on top of us. Room key had to be reprogram daily. General pool was closed early one night. I've stayed in better cheaper places. Rooms are spacious but layout is whacked.  Rooms can use better lighting.  I give it two stars because the cleaning service did a good job in cleaning the room. I would not book this hotel again
2	My wife and I had gotten married at the Tuscany chapel in 2011 and we stayed there as well. We had a wonderful experience there and decided to return for an anniversary trip in July, 2014.Upon scheduling the reservation over a month ahead of time, I made a note that we would like a microwave, since we knew that they had them available. I called the night before leaving to confirm the reservation and that a microwave would be available, and the guy said "Absolutely. I see the note right here."Upon arriving into the room, since I forgot to mention it at check-in, I called to get the microwave delivered, and the lady said "If we have one available, I will get it delivered to you as soon as I can. If there isn't one available, since we are fully booked, you will go on a waiting list." I challenged this with the information that I had made a note on my reservation. And she responded "We never guarantee extras such as a microwave. They are first-come/first-serve." Well, we got the microwave, but I didn't appreciate the way I was treated.Other things that caused the 2-star review...the rooms are falling apart. The baseboards in the restrooms are falling apart, the toilet runs if you don't shake the handle, there are stains on the carpet, and the bed is uncomfortable (considering there is a thick mattress pad under the sheet, that must mean they buy super cheap mattresses), and I will give any hotel a lower than normal rating when they charge the exorbitant resort fees. Yes, we knew about it ahead of time, and yes we know that most of the hotels in Las Vegas charge them, but no one needs to be a copy cat. And yes we know what it's for, but that leads me into the next complaint...The resort fees cover things like Wi-Fi and access to the pool and laundry areas, right? Well I have complaints about all three. I pay $45 per month at home for 30MB high speed Wi-Fi internet. I pay, I think a $17 per night resort fee for access to only 1MB internet at the Tuscany?! Give me a break!!The laundry facility is nasty. There are only 3 washers and 3 dryers and ALL are falling apart.The pool is a joke. It's small and dirty. Filthy, nasty, wet dirty towels ALL OVER THE PLACE. The chairs are stained with who knows what and we had to remove someone else's dirty towels because all the chairs were covered and there weren't even that many people there. So this means that, clearly, someone was negligent in cleaning up the area. Oh and tufts of black hair were floating around in the pool, suggesting that the pool's filter system is not effective.The only reason for the extra star is because I know there were worse places we could have stayed. And I get that. But our stay in July 2014 did not reflect our impression of the Tuscany in 2011. We want to stay here every time we come to Las Vegas because this is where we got married. So either shape up or we will tell everyone we know to not stay there!
4	I recently stayed at the Tuscany Suite & Casino last month for a massage festival. My first reaction after checking in and heading to the room, was WOW...this room is huge. Just a block away from the main strip, the hotel and casino was beautful.
4	This review is for the Casino only. They have a good selection of machines for all budgets. The table games are usually at lower limits than the strip so if your on a budget your money will go farther here. The cocktail service is usually good even when they are busy. Cocktail servers Vasona, Sam(girl) and Diane are the best. The only downside is the place can get smoky when it is crowded.
5	If you know about Tuscany, then you already hit the jackpot!  This all suite hotel is the best hidden gem in Las Vegas.  I almost always stay here.  Not only are the rooms cheap, but also very spacious.  The pool isn't overcrowded and you can actually layout by the pool.  It is so unassuming, that unless you know about it, you would be clueless as to all the amenities that it actually provides.  Each room has a wet bar, mini fridge, kitchen table and couch.  The hotel has a casino and a few restaurants.  Marilyn's cafe is open 24 hours and they have a fantastic steak and eggs special for $5.99.  The last time I was there, we were upgraded to a 2 bedroom suite, which I never knew existed.  It was amazing and posh.  Thank you Tuscany for being the best kept secret in Vegas!
5	The beds here were super comfortable!!! Quiet hotel & very very affordable. The pool was great & loved the poolside cocktails. Would return here for my next Vegas trip
1	Not happy with last visit. Have stayed here many times but this time was not good. Pool cocktail service is so bad that it took 30 min to get a drink. Server was slow, lazy and indifferent. It ruined the pool atmosphere. Checkin/out sucked. Waited 20 min both times.  And room had a funky smoke smell that always lingered.
4	Great stay at a great value. Big room, lovely pool. Didn't ever make it to the casino or the restaurants but they looked nice. Loved that we had a kitchenette but we didn't have a microwave or cutlery provided, which is my primary reason for the 4 stars rating. We had great leftovers that we had to throw away because we couldn't heat the food up. You can walk to the Strip but it takes about 15-20 minutes which is miserable on really hot days. Prepare to take cabs to and from the Strip, or bring good walking shoes. The staff was very courteous. Will definitely stay here again in the future.
4	At first I was a little skeptical about booking a room in a hotel I'd never heard of, BUT, I saw all the reviews on here, and other sites, and I went for it. I was definitely NOT disappointed. The grounds/Rooms: The grounds are gorgeous,and  the rooms are huge (king bed, living room/dining table, fridge). The beds are insanely comfy. If you're like me and like to steal hotel pillows, DONT DO IT lol because they will charge you $25 a pillow :( The Only downfall with the room was that there was no coffee maker, or microwave but who cares lol. Front Desk: Everyone was so pleasant and professional. I, however,had the displeasure of dealing a rude concierge with not once, but TWICE. He  was just not meant to be in the hospitality business but I guess it could've been worse. He could've been my waiter, and spit in my food. Location: PERFECT!!  It's 1 block away from the strip so you're super close, but not paying strip prices.  We walked to the bellagio, Venetian, Cesars Palace and surrounding hotels. It's a 2 minute drive to the Venetian if you want to hit a club or the gondola.Food: Marilyn's cafe is open 24 hours a day and has some of the best steak and eggs I've ever had (5.99 12-5 AM, 9.99 all other times). They also have an all you can eat Crab leg dinner on Friday nights for $19.99. Pool: The pool has full bar service, and is open til 10 PM. At night they light the tiki torches, and you feel as if you're either on a beautiful island, or on Survivor. Either way it's beautiful. TIP: The hotel charges a $200 deposit per stay. My suggestion is that you pay the deposit in cash and you will get it back IMMEDIATELY upon check out.  Oh, and sign up for the players club card. They offer a ton of 2 for 1 drinks and cheap eatsI will definitely stay here again.
4	Overall very happy with Tuscany. Room was huge and very nice looking which was a surprise with the low rate we paid. We stayed in a nonsmoking room and could not detect any old stale smoke smell. Only 2 minor low points when in casino we never saw a cocktail server and when we asked to get a shuttle to the main Vegas stip the put us on one to the Hard Rock which is farther away from the strip the the Tuscany which we found was actually very close
5	Very impressed with this hotel. First time here and I must say this place is incredible.
5	Steak and eggs! All I have to say. Amazing and only for $5! And not to mention I had some luck at the slots. Needless to say, my favorite place in Vegas to eat after a long day. Definitely coming back.
4	I stayed here long ago and hadn't been back because I had heard the property was worn. Well, if so, they must have had a face lift. Check in was flawless, room was large and very clean. Nice small gym and you don't have to walk through a casino to get to your room. Plus you can park close. Many guests were foreigners. Close to the strip, (if you're driving and who goes to Vegas in the Summer without a car?!) A nice inexpensive stay at a very nice property. Recommended!
1	Service here is aweful. I got woken up and 6:45 am by kids jumping on the bed upstairs. I called the front desk twice and they said security would take care of it, but they never did. After an hour and a half of the continued jumping I packed my things and left. When checking out I was obviously irritated and the front desk attendant smiled and said, "you can leave". I will recommend to everyone I know to avoid this place.
4	Definitely nothing fancy, but the best bang for your buck!  The prices are very reasonable, especially for holidays. The walls are pretty thin so you can hear just about everything going on in the hall.  Good thing we were rarely in our room :)  The room was much bigger than any other room you could get for the same price at another hotel.  We had a nice fridge which came in clutch!For those of you who are looking for late night munchies.... $5.99 STEAK & EGGS at Marilyn's Cafe from 12a.m. to 5a.m. (or 6, I forgot)!  Too bad prices have really gone up since the times I used to frequent Vegas a lot.  It used to be $2.99!  They also have Philly Fries which is RIDICULOUSLY DELICIOUS, especially when you've had a couple drinks!Tuscany is located off the strip on Flamingo past Ballys and right behind Platinum Hotel.  For the holidays, I would say the location is better than even staying on the trip.  Not once were we stuck in traffic getting to our events because we would always take the back route (Koval)
5	This place we found on a travel site & it was extremely reasonable for a holiday weekend. I was not disappointed!!! The room was a little hard to find-it is in a separate building from the lobby-but we did find it and the area is so nicely laid out, restful and soothing with trees and grass. It was landscaped perfectly. The pool area and hot tub was excellent and clean with plenty of fresh towels.Our room was huge with an enormous bathroom. We also had a mini kitchen with sink and fridge, very handy!! The bed was comfy and the TV got great channels. The only thing i didnt like was the wi-fi (i couldnt figure out when i would get charged and IF i would at all). And our keycard worked everywhere except in our door which we told management about. They were all very nice & helpful!!!I'd stay here again, not too far from the strip (about 20 min walking) and i'd recommend it to all my friends!!
1	Let me start by saying I have never ever written a review. I am doing so because of how terrible my experience was. OK so I will say the rooms are huge and for the price, in Vegas, you cant beat it. However the rest makes it so not worth it. Plus the rooms were falling apart. I had more than 10 rooms under my name and heard complaints about all of them. The keys had to be redone several times a day because they would not hold the information allowing people to get into their rooms. The business center was a joke. I was told that I could do minor printing for no cost and have internet access via their computers for free as well. I was charged more than $150 for printing and internet access and then told "sorry that's another company that handles that." ALSO DO NOT HOST AN EVENT HERE! I hosted an event and spent thousands of $. I was treated like I was lucky they are "letting" me have my event. Like they would prefer not to have my business. Aside from the very accommodating front desk hotel staff, the female concierge, and Janice from Catering, my experience with every single other staff member was atrocious. I wondered if maybe they don't pay them very well. In Vegas I expect great customer service. What I got was an event manager that yelled at me several times and in fact rushed me out because she wanted to go home. I got yelled at several more times by security and valet staff because I had the NERVE to try to unload my event truck in 3 different locations that I was directed to. I had to pay well over $1000 in unexpected fees including multiple "tips" for allowing the staff to move my stuff around when I was perfectly capable of doing so myself. I was ordered out of the casino, though I was only on the edge of it during the middle of the day because I had my 5 to year old with me. You HAD TO walk through the edge of the casino get to the event! Every staff member except those mentioned above made me feel like they wished I wasn't there. Terrible job Tuscany! Not only will I never return, but I will not refer the three other companies that I associate with, who were all waiting to hear of my experience before booking with you. I deserve an apology as do my staff and event participants. Your luck I don't sue you for ALL of my $ back.
1	This place is cheap and to stay... great.  But I play craps and they have an 8 second dice setting rule.  What is worse is that the dealer is counting out loud how many seconds you have left. Hahaha. What a total dick!!! :)  stay here for the cheap rooms but take your gambling money elsewhere.  Go someplace nice like the cosmopolitan or the cromwell... they will never rush you. I am never coming again and will burn their bulls hit players card.  Horrible experience.
4	Pros:huge roomgreat foodbang for the buckone of vega's hidden hotelsrestroomsOks: locationcasinoolder guest and families decorCons:blood in the sheets(didn't brother to care, I booked 2 beds)
5	Had a great experience.   Very easy to get to from the strip.  If you are looking to relax a little while in Vegas this is the place to do it.   It's quiet and peaceful yet only about 2 blocks from all the action.
4	I had the opportunity to stay at Tuscany while last in Vegas and came away pleasantly surprised.  Check in was quick.  My room was in building "I" and was a close walk from the main building.  My room was large with two queen size beds, a couch/sitting area, desk, kitchenette with sink, large "mini" fridge, separate sink and table with two chairs.   The bathroom had a separate bath tub and shower stall as well as separate door to the toilet.  The A/C kept the room as cold as I desired, the beds were comfortable, maid service was prompt and through daily.  The shower had great water pressure and limitless hot water.  Small pet peeve, there weren't any available power outlets by the bed so I had to decide between unplugging the clock or bed side lamp. In addition I went to Marilyn's Cafe a number of times and was consistently happy.  They had a number of healthy options for breakfast:Fitness Scramble: 4 egg whites scrambled with green peppers, onions, tomatoes, 2 turkey sausage patties & a fruit cup    Grilled Chicken & Eggs: A 7oz grilled chicken breast, 2 eggs any style and a fruit cup.Turkey George: Egg white omelet with thin sliced roasted turkeybreast, topped with avocado verde sauce and a fruit cup.  I had all three during my stay and enjoyed them all.  They were loaded with lean protein, some veggies and fruit instead of potatoes.  A great way to start your day. I also had the Buffalo Chicken Salad: Spring Romaine mix, Chicken, Avocado & Tomatoes.  It was a large portion with fresh grilled chicken, crisp veggies and plenty of spicy buffalo sauce on the side. While I did not utilize the pool while I was there it seemed nicely laid out and always had a decent number of guests at it (though it never seemed "packed")I decided to check out the workout facility on a couple occasions, and while it won't be confused with a high end gym, it has sufficient equipment to get in a good workout.  There is also a lap pool which I did not use, but would be great for swimmers. Finally as I was at Tuscany for a conference I got to see their conference facilities.  Overall they were good.  Nice wide halls and adequate conference space.  There were a couple rooms with audio problems (but I don't know how much of that is the fault of the conference goers vs the facilities).The doormen out front were always friendly, though at times there was a delay in getting a cab (no fault of the employees) but it's a trade-off of not staying on the Strip.Overall for the price (which averaged $50 a night) Tuscany can't be beat.  It's close to the Strip and offers great amenities.
4	I came here on a recommendation so I already knew it was a good value, big rooms and off the strip. At first I missed the feel of entering those huge Las Vegas hotel lobbies but I soon began to appreciate not being in the midst of so much chaos. This place is easily within walking distance to the center of the action on the strip.The beds were comfortable but I'm glad I brought my own pillow. My daughter had told me the pillows were great but the the ones in my room were just filled with small pieces of foam. We enjoyed the 2 different lounges we were entertained at, really good musicians. We are at Marilyn's Cafe, the food there was excellent, I had barbecue chicken with a sweet potato and broccoli, all very yummy
2	Let me first be clear as to why I gave two stars instead of one. The bartender in the Casino, an older gentleman, was FANTASTIC and the front desk people are really friendly. Now, when we arrived at the hotel we were optimistic because from the outside it looks great. We checked in without any issues and went to our room. This is where the problems started for us. The room was so dusty my boyfriend's asthma was set off within the first 10 minutes. Not only that, but there were hair curlers in the bed, the shower door was broken and the lamp next to the bed has EXPOSED WIRING! We called and req. our room be cleaned and to speak with a manager. The first time I was hung up on, and then they transferred me to the incorrect line, and then I just got the voicemail of someone who never called me back. I wasn't screaming and yelling I was very calm but I was definitely upset. This was a family trip, and all we wanted to do was spend time with our family but instead we had to wait for the maids and the engineer to come and get our room up to par. Also, the lobby smells like a moldy ashtray, and the chicken alfredo at the Tuscany Garden Italian restaurant just tasted like thick warm milk. Three of us had it and we didn't eat it. I will NEVER stay at this hotel again. I would rather pay more to stay at MGM!
5	LOVED this place and will be back again and again.  $48/night, QUIET, clean, perfect for my work/play Vegas getaway.  Not your typical big Vegas resort, but pool was awesome, found a new beer I love at the lobby bar (Grapefruit shandy from Germany - rocks!), broke even in the casino, and enjoyed a huge room with a great air conditioner.  Friendly staff and I totally appreciated not having drunk people run up and down the halls at 3am (ahem, Luxor).  Can't wait for the next trip.
5	Loved our room!!  We stayed there from Sunday until Friday and loved every bit of it.  We booked online at kayak.com and spent a very reasonable amount even with the resort fees. The room was huge with all the amenities and was comfortable.  Housekeeping was great every day.  The stay was quiet and worry free.  I would absolutely stay there again!
5	I would highly recommend this hotel. These rooms are spacious and nice. We had to take our 1 and 3 year old with us and it worked perfectly. The cafe had great food and good service. It was close to a starbucks and other dining while not being to far off the strip (about a 7-10 minute walk). Flamingo drive is basically the center of the strip. Room rates were very inexpensive for the quality. .
3	We arrived at the Tuscany hotel on Friday, Oct 10th and stayed 2 nights.  The hotel kind of reminds me of a little apartment complex and I thought that was pretty neat.  We were located in section K and we were on the 2nd floor.  When we entered the room everything seemed nice and then someone from the floor above us turned on their water and oddly our wall started knocking.  It actually sounded as if someone was inside our wall and knocking very very lightly.  It went on for a while and then the people above us were walking around in their room (how dare they) and it was just so loud!  So, we called about the knocking and they sent out a handyman and the guy was just awesome and so so nice.  He said that if we weren't happy to call front desk and that they would help us.  He even told us that they would physically move our luggage to another room.Here is my issue with the hotel - we called front desk or "guest relations" and got Michelle.  I told Michelle about our issue with the knocking and the stomping from above us and Michelle didn't really seem to care much.  She said that we would have to walk back down to front desk to talk with them about it.  I'm a very timid person and so, I said ok and hung up.  My Husband who is not so timid called and got Michelle again and relayed what the wonderful handyman said to us and she said no, you have to come down here.  My issue is why can't you just check to see if you have space on the third floor and let us know whether or not it's even worth lugging all our luggage back over there again?  We're on vacation and the walls are knocking and people are stomping above us - come on now.We grabbed all our stuff and went to front desk and luckily Michelle was not there.  The person at front desk moved us to a room on the third floor in the O building and everything was wonderful again.My biggest advice - GET A ROOM ON THE THIRD FLOOR!  The hotel is great and has all the simple things you need.  Michelle might have just been having a bad day but it was just her tone when speaking with us that kind of got under our skin.  I just felt as we were being brushed off.
4	Nice place to stay if you want something quiet and off the strip. Kind of looks like an apartment complex.  We stayed in building "H". The room was clean and spacious with a nice kitchen and sitting area. It did seem kind of dark inside, as the windows were both covered by trees and the lights all seemed very dim. Even with the curtains open and all lights on I had trouble seeing anything with detail.  The king bed was very comfortable with plenty of pillows. The bathroom was large with a separate tub and shower. Very clean. My only complaint being the latch on the shower door would not stay closed, and when we needed more towels, we had to call twice before someone brought them up. The casino is small and the slots refused to pay out. Definitely not "loose" so I'd recommend playing elsewhere.  The 24 hr cafe was great, especially when we got back to our room at 2am. They have a take out menu, so it was very convenient for us.  We did not use the pool so I can't say anything about it other than it seemed busy all day. It was open from 7 am to 10 pm so if you like swimming you'll have plenty of time.  Overall a good place to stay. 4 stars.
1	Well at first it looked good then it went to hell,  first day decided to eat dinner at the cafe food was good until a bug crawled out of my broccoli  I was eating, I call for the Manger to show him his comment was well sometimes that happens with vegetables but let me comp your dinner for tonight like was going to pay for that tells me that they don't wash and clean the vegetables. Later that night security comes up to my dad and start giving him a hard time telling him he can't  be here and asked him for his Id  when I tell them he is with me and we are staying at the hotel  they tell me stay out of it.Next day we are playing  all day decided to take a break on a sofa upstairs security  came up to him when his legs were crossed  and they smacked  his leg hard enough to knock it to the floor and they told him he had to leave and walked him down stairs , my friends got me to tell me what's going I went to security and asked for the hotel manager was told he was not in and I can talk to a pit boss and head of security,   explained to them wants was going on and why are they picking on a 70 plus Oldman,   was told to write up complaint and they would look into .  I told them that was not good enough they asked what I wanted from them I told them action I was the officers that put their hands on my dad and hit my dad fired,  that told me it is he said she said and the officer just got off shift and is gone funny left pretty Damm quick,  I told them I have 3 witnesses that saw what they did I was told to write it up and they would look into it.  I asked them to look at the camera video  they told me they don't have cameras  in that area I called b.s.  I did what the asked and filled out the paperwork and left it on the table in my room attention management.   Let's see if I get a response,  maybe I should contact  a attorney as that was harassment  and asualt on a elder.No stars here
5	This is a perfect place to go if you're not into large boisterous crowds and milling around a crowded casino looking for a place to sit and play.  The tables always have space and the minimum bets are reasonable. ( and don't get me started on the Super Fun table! ).  The rooms are extremely spacious and lovely.  Comfy beds, large bathrooms, a fridge and, my biggest peeve about the fancier hotels, in room coffee!! Everything was clean and accommodating. The grounds were beautiful and a morning session in the lap pool was just what I needed to take away the guilt of all I was eating!  Better than the strip hotels and very close to the strip!
4	Just love the place... Great rooms, great service, great food... Just love the place... I come to Vegas at least twice a month on business... Love the fact you can park near your room... I had to stay here because the Cosmo was booked... I will never go back... Love the restaurants... Hey I'm by myself... It's perfect for a business traveler... Who wants to deal with parking and the quarter-mile walk to the elevator...The best part of the whole thing is their room service menu..... It's the coffee shop menu... Huge Selection great prices....
1	6 days no response from the hotel called talk to security promised me they would get back to me the following day and here we sit no response
2	Well. Yes, it is a good deal for Vegas, this close to the strip. You get what you pay for, really. This is an old property. Prior to the renovation that was completed in 2013, it was pretty bad. Horrible beds, old carpet, furniture, etc...   The local clientele that frequents the place is a bit sketchy. We witness a stabbing one evening in Marilyn's Cafe. Most of the clientele, however is from out of town, but at these rates, you can imagine some of the people that stay there. My company has an annual conference there, so I don't really have a choice. The Italian restaurant downstairs, isn't bad and Marilyn's isn't bad for breakfast.  The bellmen are exceptional though. Ask for Frank... he'll take care of you. Thanks Frank!
5	Courteous, professional and friendly staff, great room with plenty of space, very clean, convenient location. Short walk to strip and Monorail and Starbucks across street. Terrific value, recommended to me by local.
1	Well here we are again no call so I call the hotel again and speak with Tara director  of operations  explained again I have heard nothing from the hotel  in regards to what happened at there hotel with security  harassment against my father see said she was sorry and would get the head of security  on the phone I explained  that is not working nobody will call me back and give me a straight answer she stated I need to deal with them, I asked  if they report to the hotel and the answer was yes asked to put me on hold , head of security picked up the line and stated they reviewed the tape and nobody hit my father's legs or seemed to help him down the stairs funny since I asked them to review  the tapes when I was at the front desk and was told there was no video available as there is no cameras up stairs.  I asked them to send me the video and was told no and I would have to take there word for it, explained that I have 3 different witnesses that saw what happend I was told it doesn't matter it didn't happen,   I explained  there guards  had picked out and harassed my father on 2 different nights and asked them to review the tapes the day before they said they would and call me back the next day this has been a week and nothing what do I have to do to get some action.   Anybody have a idea to get there attention?  How do I get the hotel to take responsibility and step up.Am told the hotel reviews the yelp website  everyday and yet no replies or response
2	1st nights room had nasty cigarette smell covered up by some nasty air freshener. Moved to a new room next day, better. 2nd night at 2:00 am fire alarm went off took an hour to shut off due to pressure drop, leaking fire sprinkler pipe which was in my room, took another 2 calls to get moved to a 2 double bed room @ 5:30 am, took act of god to get 1 night comped. So the 5:30 staff was not friendly and like all hotels, rate hike for SEMA convention.
4	This is for the casino only. We played here after dinner while waiting for the band to start in the lounge. It's a very nice casino with lots of space, a good variety of machines and some table games. Service was very quick, we always had a drink in hand. Over all a nice atmosphere.
5	Stayed here for 2 nights and i have no complain. Our room is indeed huge! For the price, i won't complain. Separate showe and tub. Enjoyed our kitchenette. Microwave upon request. The casino bldg is separated from the rooms. Good for families with kids. Free wifi. Comparable to residence inn marriott. Definitely a gem in Las Vegas. Will definitely stay here again
3	Alright now folks settle down...Do I highly recommend? No... Do I recommend? Eh, I guess...Pros:CheapSportsbookCons:CheapMusty/smoky smell in non smoking buildingEveryone was average or below average Small as in tiny casino$19 per day resort fee$100 incidental holdThin wallsHallway light shines in at night under the doorBed suckedPillows suckedCleanings crews block hallways always had to squeeze by Crib is a pack n playMarilyn's cafe is ok. The late night $5.99 steak and eggs is just barely edible. It is not some top notch meal for cheap... No it's a cheap meal for cheap. After a night of drinking it sort of hits the spot but this is not doing Vegas how I normally like to roll.Room was $63 for two nights +38 for resort fees. Great deal ! But overall a budget hotel that is worth what you paid and not a penny more. This is no Ritz... But not that bad and for the money a real deal.  I'm not coming back to stay but I'd gamble and definitely place some bets.
4	I very much enjoyed how spacious the room was!!  Room service was also great, but a bit pricey.
5	booked the hotel for new years, over the phone they said check in is at 4 & they wont allow us to check in earlier we came in at 4am the night before the gentleman in the front told us we can check in at 8am with a 14$ early check in fee, we went ate at their cafe and gambled at the casino, went back at 8am checked in with no fee! Rooms are huge, clean, comfy, and amazing! thank you Tuscany only thing i didnt like was the Employees at the Casino they stare ate you while your gambling as if you are a animal! they need to stop staring at you while your playing, other than that everything was a 5
1	Worst casino hotel I've ever been to!. Had some fucking guard yelling at me through the casino and following me and had the maid barge in my room before check out. I have ptsd and this was the worst possible vacation. Thanks tuscany!
4	The room was huge and clean.  The cafe is delicious! I highly recommend this hotel if you want a decent rate for a nice place.
