4	Free WIFI....
4	This place is an old gas station. We had a very good breakfast here. Inside decor is all gas station. They have their own T-shirts for sale. The owner even drives an old car. I would recommend it to anyone.
5	I have not tried their food, but in the middle of stuffy Cave Creek with the well-to-do (possibley the owner of this fine establishment belongs to this social demographic?) I was presented with the STRONGEST and most delicious quad-shot, 32 Oz espresso drink I've ever had.  So totally did not expect to find that here.  The staff was nice and friendly, but with a "don't fuck with me or I will hand you your ass" edge...  Very awesome.  The restaurant is fucking killer , I love the design and feel of it.  Going inside is like walking inside your dad's garagewhile he's working on his hot rod,  and sharing a sandwich with him.  My kid loved it too, probably cause the lady behind the counter slid her a mammoth sized chocolate milk topped with whipped cream.
4	Good food, good atmosphere, terrible prices. $3 burger for $6
2	Quaint atmosphere with retro gas station decor, beautiful mountain view (at the back, though). The four mini-burgers I ordered were overcooked and quite dry. Two stars for now; might change with my next visit.
2	We live in Tempe and try to get up to Cave Creek/Carefree once or twice a year for lunch or drinks and dinner.  Let me start by saying, I LOVE a good burger.  Unfortunately, this is not it!  This is a dry, thin, overcooked, frozen patty accompanied by not quite hot and slightly chewy french fries.   It was not the worst burger I ever had, but there is no way it should be recommended to anyone.  I have had better frozen burgers made by the drunk guy at a Fourth of July BBQ.  The only reason I gave it 2 stars is because for one, its in beautiful Cave Creek and two, the girl behind the counter was incredibly friendly and cool.  Hate to give a bad review, but you can't tease us and call yourself "Earls Greasy Eats" and then serve bone dry burgers, it's just not right.
4	I had breakfast here with my brothers and we had a good time.  Food was good and it was fun sitting outside.  Tables by the street, and Cave Creek Road is at a crawl through there so it isn't stressful having cars whiz by. The decor is entertaining, and we enjoyed the photo prop they had there you can stick your head through.Had a decent cup of java and a breakfast burrito.Sign out front is very interesting retro look, and the whole place is  fifties cool as befits the ex-gas station theme.  Lot's of interesting stuff on the walls inside while you stand around placing your order.
4	We had family in town a couple of weeks ago and stopped in to Big Earl's after a short trip to Bartlett Lake.  There were 4 kids under 10 yrs who needed a snack.  Or else.  This was my second visit and I didn't eat much--just an order of onion rings and a couple of my son's chicken tenders.  The food was just ok--not great and not very greasy.  I do like their chocolate shakes :o)What I love about this place is the decor and the service.  The decor is   definitely gimmicky, but not annoyingly so.  I love the old gas station feel.  And the kids loved it to.
4	Yosemite Sam Look Alike, Big Earl,& his Greasy Eats weren't Greasy actually, But he kinda was.This place is a Hoot!!!A converted Old Gas Station, lots of Local Characters with Great Character. They even had a great Veggie Burger for me,as well as Great Angus Burgers,Fries,and the BEST Malts we have ever had- you could taste fresh Vanilla Bean.Maltamania these Malts are some kinda Nirvana Drug!!!Chat it up with the Local Color while you wait for your Custom Order to come up. You get the feel you are in the Best of the Ol' Wild West here, Dig On In, Like A Thirsty Tic on a Puppy, because it just doesn't get better than this TRUE GRUB.Mosey on Over & grab ya some, not so Greasy as advertised, Greasy EatenLippity Smackitty Do Da
1	I went to Big Earl's yesterday because, unfortunately, Bryan's BBQ across the street was closed. My daughter ordered the kid's meal chicken fingers with fries and a drink. I ordered the kid's meal grilled cheese with sweet potato fries and a drink.The girl behind the counter is very friendly, yes. But that doesn't change the fact that they use styrofoam cups (step it up for the environment!), or that the sweet potato fries were dry and stale, or that the grilled cheese had maybe one slice of cheese for the whole sandwich and was a bit burned. My daughter could not eat because she was so appalled at all the different types of flies crawling on the windows (inside). She is 8 years old, and said "Mom, this place is disgusting. They don't even clean the floors, and there are crumbs inbetween the seats here". I think that says it all when a child can see how filthy a place is. One fly landed on her little cup of ketchup...ON the ketchup. (Shuddering at the memory).For me to like a place, it has to be free of insects crawling inches from my food, or even ON my food. I have had better fries at fast food joints, which is sad. And, furthermore, my daughter refuses to go back.Not good.
4	While visiting friends in "the crick" last month, after late night  and too many cold favorites we couldn't pass up a place with a name like Big Earl's Greasy Eats. I had the machaca and egg burrito with green chilies, on word "AWESOME'!  This place is not lacking in atmosphere originally was a gas station (i think), retro diner feel, outdoor bathroom, cool tattooed short order grill "chick", I felt like I was on the set of a Quentin Tarantino shoot! I will definitely make a stop at Big Earl's on next trip to the Crick! Thanks Earl!
3	Big Earls Greasy Eats says it all!  It's most definitely a greasy (and super size the greasy part) spoon dinner converted from an old gas station from back in the day.  We've passed this place so many times on our way to eat at other restaurants in Cave Creek and keep saying we are going to stop, but never do until now.  As always, I pull up the Yelp reviews prior to going anywhere anymore and found this place had several mixed reviews.  So I called on a few local long time residents that are good friends and also got mixed reviews from them as well.  I also looked them up on the "Best of the Valley" ratings and saw they were listed as one of the best in the entire Valley.  And so begins our new culinary adventure as a family on a Sunday afternoon.Big Earls is a greasy spoon that is clean and has a fun ambiance for very casual dinning.  This is an old gas station converted into a dinner.  They offer limited seating inside so we dined outside with lots of room to move around.  The weather was awesome which made our experience more delightful.  The service was very good, friendly and welcoming.  The food was average at best.  We had the Blue burger with fries, the Big Earl Classic with fries.  Our burgers were served on a potato role that was supposed to be grilled and was not.  The meat on both burgers were cooked very well done, which we did not order them that way.  Our fries were also very plain and average as well unfortunately.  We had such high hopes for Big Earls Greasy Eats based on our first impression of walking past the old gas pumps (very cool!) and into the dinner where we were greeted and served by a very friendly person (fantastic service).  But the food did not live up to the hype from some the other Yelp reviewers nor the "Best of the Valley" ratings.  Since this was our first visit I will not give them a 2 star rating but rather a 3 star rating based on their service and ambiance.  I also plan to revisit Big Earls soon to give them another chance just in case the cook was just having a bad day.
5	I love Big Earls!!! Every time I go I have great service and great food.  The atmosphere is fun and this is just an all around great place to get a bite & a yummy shake!  I've been to BE's many many times and it's always been clean and welcoming. Overall, I give Big Earls 5 stars for a great eating experience.
4	Big Earl's gets big raves from me!  The blue burger is great, as are the fries.  The only thing I didn't love was the milkshake.
5	Delivers on it's promises. Great food with good size portions when you want some greasy eats. The place has LOTS of character!
3	Fun & Funky in Cave Creek! Great visuals within this tiny establishment and to the backdrop beyond. The girl behind the counter was kind and seemed really happy to be working there - not something you find often at a burger stand & it was a nice welcome!So, let's get to our menu....the regular fries left a bit to be desired, but the sweet potato fries were AWESOME. The patty melt was kinda average (could use more seasoning in the beef) but made with naturally-raised beef, which is a plus.....My son's burger had creamy pepper jack cheese and black pepper chipotle mayo (I think that's what the ingredients were) which was yum.....and we both had plenty on our plates.All in all, a good visit and we'll go back to try it again :)
4	I had been by here several times on lunch hour, but parking was typically difficult.  On this occasion a car  had just departed and I found a spot, so in I went.The order counter had their specials up front and center - Nice, makes it easy on us first - timers.I ordered the lunch special; chicken sandwich, salad or fries (salad for me) and 24 oz soda.  Total price with tax was $8.77.  The salad was great, lots of variety and when I had chosen teh bleu cheese dressing the lady at the food order counter asked me if I wanted crumbled bleu on it. Yes Please!She didn't skimp and this was one great salad.  The chicken sandwich had a spicey rub on it which was just the right touch to balance the salad.Priced well, quick service, lots on knick-knacks onthe walls.
3	I was a little surprised that the food wasn't all that greasy. I ordered a Philly cheesesteak and Cajun fries, and they were both probably less greasy than average.The sandwich was pretty good - nothing special, but definitely a passable cheesesteak. The fries were tasty, not heavy on the Cajun spices, but nicely seasoned.It's not the fanciest place around, and probably not worth a special trip from Phoenix, but it's someplace I'd go back to next time I'm in Cave Creek.
4	There is something about the Carefree/Cave Creek area that I am just drawn to. It has a true Arizona feel and brings in a lot of tourists but also has some great bars and resturants. Last weekend my boyfriend stumbled upon a burger joint called Big Earl's Greasy Eats.  We went back for lunch and this girl who isn't the burger type was pleasantly surprised. The menu had a variety of different burgers, sandwiches and salads that you could choose from. They also have sweet potatoe fries which are my favorite! I ordered the sweet potatoe fries and a mushroom and swiss burger and my boyfriend order a classic cheeseburger and regular fries. We heard that their milkshakes were amazing so we got a Strawberry shake to share. You order inside but all the seating is outside so we found a spot outside. It was great for people watching and the weather was amazing so it was nice to sit outside. The food came within 10 minutes and I was pleasantly surprised that the burgers were not as greasy as I thought they would be given the name of the resturant! I am not a big burger fan but I ate the whole thing..it was delicious! The sweet potatoe fries were a great treat as well! The milkshake was good, but I personally didn't see what the big fuss was about them as it didn't taste like something I hadn't had before. We finished our beers (oh yah, they have a wide selection of bottle beers there as well!) and left happy. The price was great as well...for 2 burgers, 2 order of fries, a milkshake and 2 beers we spent about $26...not bad at all! I would definately come back to this place and recommend it to others!
5	This is a great spot for lunch in Cave Creek. We came up on Sunday to explore the general area (which is a blast on the weekends if you haven't tried it yet - lots of bikers and bars). The line was out the door, but the old fashioned style burgers and chocolate malt were well worth the wait. They also have free wifi...
4	What a fun spot! It looks like a great place for a burger and a shake, but we stopped in for breakfast. Had a wonderful breakfast burrito (something we don't really have here in Texas, and the only improvement I would have made would be to add some hot peppers and cilantro). It was the "Machaca Burrito" ($4.95, grilled beef with onions, peppers and eggs in a flour tortilla). The salsa that came on the side wasn't much, but the burrito was great.The prices here are great. I don't know when I'll be in Cave Creek again, but I'd love to come back.
2	All of us had breakfast, of sorts. My grilled cheese on sourdough was pretty basic. I think I paid $7 for some melted cheese slices on toasted sourdough.Other items ordered by my group: breakfast burrito ("Sorry, we're out of salsa"), said to be decent, but again pretty basic. Another ordered a veggie burger and it was suggested to add fried eggs to it, which he did. He said it was very tasty.Will I go back? Probably not. That was a long haul from Phoenix. If I find myself some morning in Cave Creek I would consider it. Oh, and also no (or broken) air conditioner. FAIL!
5	Easily the best beer selection in Cave Creek!  Great micro-brews.  50's style diner with a great ambiance.  Food is organic, healthy, and delicious.  They've added volleyball and horseshoes around back.  Great fun for the family all day and a great "adult" hangout at sundown.
4	Having moved to Cave Creek from central Scottsdale just a few months ago, we've come to realize that the sidewalks in town roll up around 3pm. Makes it difficult to find some quick cheap food on those evenings when the day winds down and the hunger pangs kick in. We've been eyeballing Big Earl's for awhile, and despite the "Greasy" namesake, finally decided to give it a try. Went there last week around 9pm for a burger. We both had the Kobe Beef Burger ($7.25-alacarte) and shared an order of Onion Rings. Burger was fair, a little overcooked, but, since they don't ask your temperature preference, I'll take what I get and be satisfied. Onion Rings were perfection - not the bread crumby coated type, these are battered and fried up to a good crisp yumminess. And yes - they serve alcohol. Good selection of domestic and artisan bottles, and by the look of it, can make you pretty much any mixed drink you like... they even have "adult" milkshakes. Atmosphere was the typical gas station turned burger joint, with what was probably half of the teenagers who live in Cave Creek milling about, and some parents sitting on the misted patio. Good place for all ages. Husband, having spied Chicken Fried Steak (his favorite) on the breakfast menu, talked me into trying it out this morning.He said the portion was just right, the gravy seasoned well, (which is hard to find) and the patty itself, while on the thin side, was better than most places he's tried so far. Toast had to be ordered separately. I opted for the French Toast, and chose to have it deep fried. Yum. Okay, it was more of a dessert than breakfast, but that's okay in my book. What can I say... how can you go wrong with FRIED French Toast, served with melting pats of butter and warm maple syrup. Coffee was good - I had a 32oz iced coffee and was pleasantly suprised at the quality. Yes, there's more... we were there right before they switched over to the lunch menu, and oh happy day, it was their first day of "Sunday Street Tacos for a Buck"... this happens to be one of our favorite things to eat. So, of course, we had to try - they're a BUCK. 4.75 stars for the street taco. Could definitely eat a few for lunch and be completely satisfied. Little soft corn tortilla, with skirt steak (wasn't dried out like most places tend to be), some shredded cabbage and a little Pico de Gallo. All it needed was a lime wedge on the side. There you have it. Wouldn't drive out of our way to go there, but for all you folks up North, it's a decent place to stop in for a quick bite. Good hours and decent prices give it 4 stars for us.
1	Dirty, dirty, dirty place.  The burgers were average.  Dead flies all over the window sills, dead flies mixed with the straws (note straws are packaged but still!!).  The folks are very friendly and the milkshakes are really, really sweet.  I could never go back though due to the cleanliness factor.  Sorry!
3	Decent food and the prices are pretty good. We went a few times but it's really not worth the drive without a groupon.  Too many restaurants in town that make a better burger.
2	Breakfast was alright here, with pancakes being the highlight.  Biscuits were firm and dry.  Staff was somewhat polite, but after ordering I didn't see from them again (is this full service place or not?).  Little pricey for what you get.
2	Ate here on Friday of the Thanksgiving holiday weekend. Around 1pm the line was quite long. A couple of things to note, if you've not been here before:--Apparently the thing to do is snag a table BEFORE ordering. Everyone around us sent up someone to place the order for everyone else. Nice...--The menu lacks descriptions. What's on the Kahuna burger? No idea. You could probably ask at the register, but it isn't really the place to dally. Oh, and yep, there's only one register, and the woman working it was also the bartender, so if you want another round of beers or another side order of fries, apparently you just get to cut.We both had burgers--me the swiss and mushroom, and he had the Big Earl. I got unpalatable sweet potato fries--they were fried beyond recognition and tasteless (we didn't see any attempt at seasoning). Hubby liked the spicy mayo on his burger, but his giant onion rings were also over-fried. So if you were one of all the other patrons who received beautifully golden fried goods, sorry for staring jealously at your plates, but we were pretty pissed.We also had a milkshake. It comes out of a machine. Ample parking in the back. Loved the old photos inside. Burgers had a nice char flavor. Probably won't come back, as most others noted.
4	Driving down the road through Cave Creek, Arizona, just before heading out of town and looking for some lunch how could you not stop at a place called Big Earl's Greasy Eats?  Seriously!I have to admit, the name scared my teenage daughter, but with a little bit of coaxing, we went inside the converted gas station.  Go inside and place your order before taking a seat outside, where someone will bring your food while yelling your name.If it hasn't already been, this place is a prime candidate for Food Network's Diners, Drive ins and Dives.  It is a place for both locals and tourists alike.The food was good.  It was not greasy, much to the relief of my daughter.  I had the mushroom swiss burger and it was cooked perfectly - very tasty.  My fries were also really good.  My daughter had the grilled chicken sandwich and a side salad.  The chicken was big and, somewhat surprisingly, the salad was quite good - basic, but good.  Prices were a little high for a "dive" but not too bad.There was a pretty good selection of food and the service was good.  The atmosphere was very cool.   Bottom line is you cannot drive by a place named Big Earl's Greasy Eats and not stop for a bite to eat.  When you do stop, you'll be happy you did.
2	I was bummed that we didn't like this place more. Hubby and I had lunch there today and the food was really mediocre for the price. We both had kobe beef burgers, and while they were cooked to order (mine medium-rare and his well) they were pretty flavorless. The fires were cold by the time they reached us -- it took a solid 20 minutes to get our food. The milkshake from a machine was actually really good, though. I'm intrigued by street tacos mentioned by someone below and might stop in again to check those out when I see them advertised, but other than that we'll skip it.
2	I am on the fence with this one.  While the atmosphere is relaxed and fun (who wouldn't like that retro gas station ambiance?) and the service was quick and friendly, the food is not enough to keep me coming back for more.The outdoor seating is casual, with picnic benches and tables surrounding two 70's style gas pumps.  The setting offers a perfect view of the world going by on Cave Creek Road.  Dogs are welcome (yay!), and you will see plenty of furry friends enjoying the day.  The interior is small, but the space is used well with a few tables, and a small bar which also serves as the counter where orders are placed.  Looking forward to big juicy burgers, we chose:Big Earl Burger ($5.75)Bleu Burger ($6.99)Side of Onion Rings ($3.75)Vanilla Milkshake ($5.75)The milkshake was by far the best item - thick and creamy.  However, at a price of $5.75 I was disappointed to see it came from a machine.  The burgers were OK - I enjoyed the ample bleu cheese on mine, but the beef patties were thinner than I expected.  The onion rings, while indeed greasy, were not the best I have tried.  That award hands-down goes to Rocket Burger.  On this visit, we had a 20% off coupon.  The woman who took our order seemed a bit confused by the math, and we ended up only receiving a 10% discount.  Shame on me for not catching it earlier, as the line when we left was very long and I did not want to wait to request a correction.All in all, Big Earl's is a good place to sit outside and enjoy the view.  Maybe with a beer or two but not for the food.
4	Big Earl's Greasy Eats is simply a fantastic and fun place to sit down, take a load off your feet, and have a bite.  I keep meaning to try something different when I go in but always end up having one of their fabulous cheeseburgers or the delicious patty melt.  Fries, of course, and they have always been cooked and prepared to perfection, much better than any fast food restaurant that I know of.  You can't go wrong here.  The ambience is excellent; extremely casual, being a converted old western gas station situated right on Cave Creek Road.  There's always something to see while eating outside in the spacious, comfortable dining area; lots of action even if it's simply watching the cars and people go by.  They also have live music at night sometimes which is always a treat providing a wonderful party atmosphere!  Service has always, always been quick and friendly.  What's not to enjoy?
5	I've had the Big Earl Burger twice, and the blackened chicken sandwich. Both were excellent. The buns they use are top notch. You gotta have a bug up your a$! to not like this place. You pay a little more, but you can taste the difference. All natural, antibiotic-free, no hormone added chicken and beef.
3	Fast, easy eats plus beer and booze in a funky retro gas station on the main drag in Cave Creek. We had breakfast on our way out of town. Indoor/outdoor seating by the gas pumps. Food came quick, but then it wasn't crowded. Decent fare. Can't beat the ambience.
4	Not fancy and not suppose to be either. Just cute and whimsical. Simply put I have only had the patty melts because they are so good!  A fn place to go that is not pricey!
5	Fun place!  easy in and out and fun to just take some time with friends to relax.
5	I generally bring my wakeboarding crew here after a long day on the lake at Bartlett. I always get the Kobe Burger, it is worth the upgrade! The sweet potato fries are awesome too. They even have Hamm's Beer. I love this place! Sand volleyball in the back and music up front!I love you Kim!
2	Went there yesterday for lunch. Wanted to sit outside however there were so many flies. Not appealing while eating. Also, we then decided to get it to go and we never received our order of fries after we did pay for them. Realized after we got home. Bacon was also really fatty on chicken club. Poppers and mozzarella sticks were good though.  Do not order a salad, they're cheap on the lettuce!
4	Cool place with nice outside seating area. The misting system doesn't help when it's 105 degrees and 90 % humidity. Staff very friendly and actually brought our takeout out to the car for us. Large selection of beers and the burgers are great
3	Food is tasty and a good value. Don't let the name fool you, not everything on the menu is greasy. Wish they had a little more indoor seating so one could avoid the flies and the heat, but I guess that is part of the restaurant's character.
5	Great sandwiches great service. The price for what you get is unbeatable. Me and my grandson loved it. We will be back that's for sure.
2	I'm a bit disappointed in both food and service. The old gas station was the draw but the service was so slow! Maybe because there wasn't but one other patron and they had to heat up the grill? As for the patty melt. It was barely ok. Looked like a frozen box burger patty. Not like an all natural, antibiotic-free whatever patty. The price? Not expensive certainly but I would have paid more for sure. If you step outside of the fast food chains into a place like this, then please charge me more but make it worth it. I can get a cheap burger everywhere. This is Cave Creek. Not exactly skid row.I did notice a couple dancer poles with curtains. Right in front of the old gas pumps that are still intact. And around back was a volley ball court complete with sand.Might just be a good bar with OK food. Just not what I expected.
3	I want to give 4 stars & I would have if there was just some needed upkeep and cleaning done to the place.  I really liked the set-up & I understand it's old and outside, which makes it tough to keep clean, but a little extra effort would go a long way.That being said, burger was great, service was great...will definitely be back.
2	Under cooked burger, basic fries and a soda for a little over $9.  sorta rude environment.  probably will never go back.
3	Stopped by this weekend after camping to get a burger. Usually, after camping just about any food is amazing. This was kinda a disappointment. The service was OK and the setting was right-on but the food was pretty typical and nothing special. These people think that they are cool or something, but they are just average phoenix mouth-breathers.
4	All good good good, well prepared, delicious chicken, burger, burrito. We all walked away very happy. Sit out side and bring your dog.
4	Friendly service, interesting patrons, and great milkshakes. Before you get too excited, they are made with soft serve, but ours had real peanut butter and chocolate. Yum. Burgers and fries are also well made, if you plan on more than dessert. Yes, it is greasy, but didn't you see their name? I wish we'd stopped here sooner.
4	Excellent milkshakes and quirky location. Service was pretty fast and the burgers and fries looked good (although I didn't try them).
4	Son and I went yesterday and it was worth the drive.  I got the Big Earls burger special and he got the Chicken Fingers and fries.  For $20.00 it was really good.  The burger had a great flavor and was cooked just right.  The chicken was equally good for a 13 year old.  It got busy at lunch, line out the door but everyone wanted to be there.  Small, old roadside burger joint I would go to again...even from Buckeye!  Don't go if you want 4 star but if you want quaint and good go.  Service was good and polite, everyone was nice to you.
1	I could get a better burger at the AM/PM market.   We were attracted by the cute exterior, don't be fooled.  They were busy and I think it was because they were slow getting the food out.  anything but greasy ,  very little lettuce, buns weren't even warm.  The owners should get a clue.
4	Great spot!!
5	Really good breakfast, I was surprised at how good the food was. GreatMorning girl, very friendly. We will be back for sure.** Have to say the Kahuna Chicken is TOO die for... Juicy, yummy, can't put it down, kind of sandwich! We come in all the time now, cant help ourselves. It's bad since we live down the street, but happy to eat yummy food and support a local Creeker.
2	I did not like this place.  I was into the retro look and 'dive' appeal but it basically a dive without anything GOOD about it.  It isn't the cheapest place and the burgers were not that good at all.  Setup is awkward, hard to get inside for soda refills.  I think this place only survives due to tourists.  They don't know any better.  I would not go back.
2	I'd heard some good things, and my brother had been here a few times. I was entirely disappointed. I went with my husband and daughter because I remembered it while we were looking for somewhere for a burger or sandwich. Looks nice enough from the outside but inside is tiny and the floor was soaked by the soda machine. Ok. Overlooking that. It was our first time there, so I didn't know what to expect. I know I didn't expect zero quality customer service. I ordered a sandwich for myself and a burger for my husband while he got the stroller out of the car because there are no high chairs or booster seats (again, ok, overlooking). I wanted to ask if the "kidz" grilled cheese was smaller than a normal sandwich but chickened out under the "omg hurry up, woman" look I was getting from the girl behind the counter. She gave me the total, I said ok, and my husband stepped forward to pay. She walked away from us. She took some guy's drink order and discussed what went into it while we filled our soda cups. Like I said, it was our first time here...because she just walked away and left us there we weren't sure if we were actually supposed to pay then or after. Eventually we asked and got her attention long enough to pay. Went outside to the patio to wait. My husband went through two chairs before finding one that wasn't broken or ripped. When our food came out, she plopped it on the table and walked away. I swear she didn't even look at us. I know she didn't say anything to us.My husband's burger he said was pretty good. My chicken sandwich was pretty standard.Want friendly service or anyone who cares? Not your place. Maybe if you hang out at the bar. The one staff member we interacted with seemed perfectly amiable while pouring a drink. I won't be going back.
5	Big Earl's has quickly become a favorite of mine when visiting the Cave Creek and Carefree area. When you first arrive you'll notice the great 1950's style sign welcoming you to Big Earl's and it is a preview of what you'll get inside. Unpretentious, simple but delicious food. All American options like burgers, onion rings, and chicken sandwiches are done perfectly. My favorite defiantly being the Big Kahuna Chicken Sandwich (you can also get the burger version) which features a Soy Sauce combo dressing and a pineapple on a chicken sandwich...amazing. Top it off with a Rootbeer float and youve got a meal made in heaven. If floats arent for you there are dozens of diverse and interesting beers to pair with your meal. You can sit inside getting an old diner feel or outside and stay cool on their roadside patio under the misters and people watch. Defiantly worth the drive no matter where you are located.
4	Great outdoor patio and good vibe. Warm and friendly staff.
4	I have been to Big Earl's a few times, usually after hiking Black Mountain.  This is a casual, place where you really can't be under dressed and no one minds a sweaty person sitting next to them.  The bacon and egg sandwich is so good, made fresh and their iced tea is fresh.  Prices are reasonable too.  I recently went here for a burger and was so pleasantly surprised.  The burger was the Big Earl's burger, with lettuce, tomato and pickles.  We ate inside because it was getting warm out.  The booths are tiny and you get to know your neighbor as well.  LOVED the juicy burger and next time I will try the kobe beef one.
4	Good burgers and sweet potato fries. I had the black and bleu burger. Kinda pricy for being served with styro-cups and paper baskets.  Service was good, but we were the only ones there on a Saturday evening.
5	Been to this place a few times now. The food is great. Staff is friendly. I love how the place has been converted from an old gas station to a burger joint. This last time around I had my pups with me hanging out on the patio. Everyone loved them. Ill make it a point, when I'm out in north Phoenix to visit this place.
3	When I have friends visit from out of town we always go to local restaurants. Thankfully we don't have any chain restaurants except Dairy Queen in town. And everyone needs a blizzard now and then   I am not impressed by big earls but based on the reviews I would say give it a try and see how it works for you.  Maybe you will have a 5   But when I bring friends to Cave Creek I always do Harold's for breakfast and the hideaway for bar food lunch and dinner super burgers, sandwiches, pizza    But again, you might go to Earls and be transformed.  Just come to Cave Creek and try our local restaurants and shops.
4	This place is just fun! Our cheeseburgers were really good and flavorful. The onion rings were a little over done and too greasy; but, hey......that's part of the charm. The decor and outdoor seating is really charming. Check it out!
5	Wow. Just love coming to this place when in town. Food & service is great. The morning cook is picture perfect great.   Only problem is I always eat to much.                You just can't help it.
1	The Big Earl cheeseburgers today were VERY pink inside and dry as a bone. $35 for 3 dry, under cooked cheeseburgers and fries that tasted as if they had been sitting for hours. The best thing about our meal was the chocolate shakes. For the money, Joey's of Chicago on Carefree Hwy has a much better burger that runs down your elbow and the fries are out of this world! They even have delicious milk shakes so why bother going back to Big Earl's... Joey's of Chicago is clean, has a much larger seating area and the staff is always friendly. Definitely not worth the money or drive.
3	OK but generally disappointment.  Cold winter day.  Not much seating inside but luckily we got some.  Not much variety in menu.  We would have walked out but were hungry so instead we split a patty melt and fries since we knew we going to get something that tasted better later.  Just didn't do it for us.
5	I LOVE this place!  They've got some greasy delicious eats!  Their burgers are fantastic & flavorful (I can tell their beef is fresh & never frozen).  They have a large variety of different treats but their burgers are their feature flavor!A little history... In 2013, this restaurant was featured on a reality TV show called "Restaurant Stakeout".  The show involved setting up hidden cameras & catching employees in unruly acts.  SPOILER ALERT.... The Earl's "saucy" episode featured a waitress being naughty with someone in the bathroom... Absolutely hilarious.  Just in case you haven't figured it out- "reality" TV shows are scripted & actors are hired. Waah-Waaaah.  It was all staged... BOOOO!!!  Although, it was one hell of a restaurant plug!  It got us talking about it, right?Now go there, eat their awesome burgers and do naughty things in the bathroom, people- we've got to make this "reality" TV more real!
2	Basic burger with so so fries.  I also ordered the rings and I got a blank stare.  Rings, I said again.  Same blank look.  Third time I guessed the problem - onion rings please?  Ah they knew what those were.  The place is dilapidated as gas pumps sitting in the patio. If you don't mind waiting forever and sitting outside where half the heaters are broken, then it's not a bad place to eat.  Just go when it's warm.
3	Well they may live up to its "greasy" name but they also have some surprises up their sleeves. For example, they also have salads and chicken sandwiches besides tasty looking burgers and milkshakes! On my first visit, I enjoyed the Big Kahuna Chicken Sandwich which is their take on the teriyaki chicken sandwich and I used all the will power I had to not order the fries to go with it. Instead I went with the side salad. I sat on the funky patio and enjoyed taking in the old gas station scenery such as gas pumps. I also noticed a sand volleyball court in the back and it looks like they do volleyball games and activities on occasion. The meal came out fast, by the server with a huge smile on her face. The chicken sandwich was juicy and tender and the sauce on it was pretty flavorful. I was surprised that it was a creamy-based teriyaki sauce which turned out to be pretty tasty and the grilled pineapples were the perfect touch. The food was decent but nothing that I'd say is a "must-try" but the atmosphere and decor has a lot of character. All in all, it's a nice spot to visit for a casual meal during a day in Cave Creek. Next time I visit, I'll try the Kobe burger and a milkshake, but for my first visit, I can definitely confirm that I'd visit this greasy eatery again.
5	Loved this place with lots of local color, great eats, superb service from Brooke and the rest of the staff......AND.....spotless bathrooms.
5	No blues at Big Earls. This is good food and relaxing large patio (except car beeping in parking lot..:). I had the blackened blue burger. It was perfectly cooked medium rare with grilled onions and accompaniment. It was delicious. Big Earls has my vote as best hamburger in the greater Phoenix area. Thanks for reading. The Bike Chaplain
5	Big Earls is da bomb!! Butter burger, big kahuna, root beer floats, it's always worth waiting for (even during season behind the blue hairs).
5	It doesn't get any better than this for burgers and beer! HUGE beer list :) and the best burgers in town.
5	I've only been here for breakfast so this review is based on that.  Also I've only tried two things on their menu at breakfast.  Chicken fried steak and the breakfast burrito.  I would recommend both and would say try the burrito on your first visit.  I like bacon eggs and cheese.  Best part is their salsa they give with it sooo good.  Besides that big earls has the type of home town feel you want when you walk into a breakfast place solo.  A smile and a friendly what can I get you.  The chef there is super friendly often times brings my food out to me directly.  He also told me about the Indian fry bread place down the street and their spinach enchiladas which are so good as well.  Bottom line big earls is hometown, down to earth and exactly what you would expect to get when you walk in and I love it.  Cheers guys!
2	I've been twice in the last few months and the food is pretty good and it's a fun looking atmosphere BUT the girl who took our order today had blue all around her nostril and her eyes were watery. She had clearly been snorting something and it made me very uncomfortable to have my 3 small children there. Seeing that was unappetizing. Her outfit was also very unprofessional. She had extrememly short shorts and a short mid drift tank top. She stood behind the counter cutting the tank top even shorter. Very strange. You could see much of her bra and stomach. I don't know if I'll be taking my kids there again.
4	Don't let the name fool you, this place is really good. Best burger I've had in a long time. Only downside is the flies because it mostly outdoor seating.
2	It's a cute place from the outside, VERY small inside, and the food is really mediocre.  The hamburgers were barely edible and the fries weren't even as good as McDonald's.  The servers were nice but I won't go here again.
2	I've been there a few times and its not bad if you are seeking a hamburger in a cute setting and you want to sit outside ad you have a dog with you. The burgers are nothing to brag about decent size and sweet potato fries were a bit overcooked and just your typical frozen fries. Service is pleasant but very slow for the food to come out.
5	Went there for breakfast. Was a welcome relief after driving thru Cave Creek and no other breakfast places to eat. Great friendly service and great food. Like the portions and left there feeling good. Well priced. I will be back.
4	Big Earls has been in cave creek as long as I can remember. If a hangover has set in, a mushroom Swiss with bacon and the delicious Cajun fries are just what the doctor ordered. The milkshakes are decadent, the beer selection is diverse and the servers are typically cute! Perfect for a weekend lunch when visiting cave creek.
5	Have been here many times, and it is very consistent and Delicious!Burgers are hot and juicy, and sweet potato fries.
1	Over a year ago I met an employee of Big Earl's named Shannon who worked at another restaurant and she highly recommended that I make the long drive from Scottsdale to try Big Earl's famous shakes and burgers. Because Shannon had provided top notch service and her previous recommendations were spot on, we finally made the drive from Scottsdale today and were utterly disappointed to say the least.At a restaurant known for its famous burgers, we decided to give one a try, but unfortunately were turned down the opportunity at 10:21 am (lunch) to order because they "didn't want the wait time for a burger to effect other breakfast eating customers." What??? The place wasn't busy at all and what type of burger joint refuses to sell burgers?Needless to say we would never recommend this place to anyone. Apparently we aren't the only ones who feel this way either - http://www.foodnetwork.com/shows/mystery-diners/100-series/big-earls-gone-wild.html
4	After having lived in the area for a few months, we have found that there aren't a lot of options for great food in Cave Creek. We tried Big Earl's Greasy Eats a few days after moving into town (mainly because it had been on Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives) and we weren't super impressed, mainly because we felt that the service was lacking and the food was average. We have since been back to Big Earl's and our opinion has changed. The menu offers a number of different options, but we tend to like the hamburger options or chicken sandwiches. I am a fan of the mushroom Swiss. Our kids really like the hot dogs and the sweet potato fries. There is a nice area to sit outside (seating indoors is pretty limited) and enjoy the beautiful Cave Creek scenery, especially as the evenings become cooler.What has really stood out recently is the excellent customer service. Both times over the last few weeks, the staff has been very friendly and helpful. I ordered my food to-go this weekend and the super nice lady helping me took the time ensure that my order was correct (nothing worse than getting home to find that you are missing someone's meal). She took time to talk with my 4 year old (that will always win me over) and offered her a sample of the ice cream. I am glad that we have given Big Earl's a few more chances and will continue to return!
5	Great food. Great service. Brooke was so funny and good at her job. First time to cave creek looking for a great breakfast place this is it. I would drive here just to eat at this place.
5	I'm not a burger person but the burgers they have here are amazing. I love the antique feel of the place and they also show a lot of the history behind cave creek. They have GREAT burgers that are unique and awesome fries.
5	So I've been coming to Big Earl's since they opened, even back when they were basically a coffee/ice cream shop. It was when they started serving food that I really fell in love though, the first time I had in Earl's burger I was in heaven. Since that day, Earl's has remained one of my favorite places in Phoenix to grab a bite to eat. It's not just their food though, they also have a really great beer selection, probably the best in Cave Creek, as well as a full bar. I've never had anything but great experiences with the service either. Every employee there has always been very nice and pleasant, and I've never had a single problem with any of them. The two who stand out to me are Shannon and Savanah, in the interest of full disclosure I should note that I've been friends with Shannon for several years now, but I hadn't known Savanah before meeting her at Earl's. All the employees there have always been great to me, but I mention those two as they are the ones who are often working when I'm there. Even with my own personal biases aside, I've seen them handle even some more of the "difficult" customers with grace and a smile. The cooks deserve a shout out as well, many of them have even come out to ask me how I was liking the food, making sure it lived up to their standards and what not. The atmosphere of the place is very homey and comfortable, it was converted from an old gas station into a small diner type setting, with a large patio and a lot of little knick-knacks hanging around to keep you or the kids occupied. There is also a full size sand volley ball court out back that is always open for people to play if they want. Whether you're looking to grab a drink, have a good meal or just get some coffee and enjoy the weather, I really can't recommend Earl's enough. It's quickly become a Cave Creek staple and is probably my favorite place in town to sit back and relax after a long day.
4	Fun place and sweet staff.  I wasn't liquored up with fireball and was here for a child's birthday party----so I stayed off the stripper poles.  Food was tasty but portions were small, hence the four out of five stars. Beautiful location.
1	Stopped in to pick up a quick burger and normally they are awesome, but tonight I have no clue what happened... Got home and the burger was cold including the fries... The onion rings were partially raw and soggy!! So disappointed! Need to change your cook!
5	Delicious burger and shake! I highly recommend it! It was a bit chilly sitting outside but they had a couple heaters to keep us warm.
