4	Thanks Precision Plumbing, great job, reasonable prices, and great customer service!
5	I was very nervous calling a plumber, because I tend to not know a lot about what REALLY needs to be fixed.  While my husband was out of town, we had a leak, and I was sure I was going to get taken to the cleaners with the bill to fix it.  Blaine helped me with the leak, for a VERY reasonable price (I take it, it was an easy fix) and he helped me get the water and the water heater back on that I had turned off.  He even gave me some tips for the future.  He was so knowledgeable, but didn't try to upsell me on anything, just gave me information that would be helpful to me if I needed to fix things or prevent damage in the future.  I will always be calling Blaine.
2	second or third time this company has been at our home. Both times they "run out" of booties to cover their dirty shoes. The plumbers leave black scuff marks on our tile floors.  Their Van leaked oil all over our driveway, they say it was not their van, but I had 2 witnesses. One time they left a Huge mess of concrete mixture in our bathroom after fixing a loose toilet, they have no brooms, or clean up materials.. Also promised to send us a gift card for our troubles, never sent it.. not a fan.. They did fix the work they came to do, but left a bigger mess once they leave.. plus I am reminded of their visit each time I see my driveway.. :(
1	If you live in Las Vegas DO NOT use Precision Plumbing! We had to replace all the plumbing in our house, plus the main sewer line and the water line (it's an old house and it needed to be done so that's not the issue). But Precision has made this a 6 week long NIGHTMARE. They are not true to their word and backtrack/double talk everything all the time. Save yourself the headache go with another company.
5	Thank you, Precision Plumbing, for cleaning up a mess I made without any hassle, without any judgement, and with professionalism, good customer service, and quick response!So I have a lot of hair (lots and lots of hair) and my bathtub drain often is the repository for the hair lost in the shower (any one with any amount of hair has dealt with this), and I'm generally really good at cleaning it out regularly.  But alas, this time, my attempts at cleaning the drain myself, with a liquid plum-r liquid and a snake, failed.  You see, I lost the hand snake down the drain and then when I tried to bring it back up, it broke. Well (insert expletives here).I call around a few other places and none of them were able to make it same day and they all stated that they'd have to take a look at the issue before making any sort of quote because, you know, they might need to break through the wall (insert more expletives here).So I call Precision Plumbing in the morning at 10am or so, I speak with a dispatcher and briefly explain the situation, and then ask if I can have someone come see it the same day around 6p or so as that's when I would be at the house to meet the plumber.  Precision Plumbing's response, "Sure, we can do same day service calls, and the plumber will be there between 6p and 7p. And from what you're saying, it doesn't sound like it'll be a big deal to take care of it."  Nice, only an hour window as opposed to the three-hour window I was given by other places. Around 630p that same day, the plumber they sent out, Ricardo, shows up.  Very polite and very professional guy!  He puts on the plastic booties over his shoes before entering the house, heads to the bathroom and figures out how to address the clogged drain.  Solution: removing some hardware and a snake to bring out the gunk.  I receive a quote from a pre-established price sheet (no hemming and hawing and "well, you see, the moon is in Saturn now and that'll affect the water flow, so yeah, it'll be this ridiculously-high-price to address your fairly simple issue"), and then he gets to work.  Approximately 15 minutes later, the issue is resolved, and in those 15 minutes, I received an education on how to address and prevent this issue in the future which to mean says "I'm here to fix your problem, not make it worse so you keep calling us and we make more money off of your ignorance". With the bathroom fixed, I then get an invoice for the pre-established price plus a $15 fuel & service charge.  I know some people would get indignant about this, but seriously, this is a small charge considering the fleets of vehicles these companies have and the fact that their jobs often involve fecal matter, so hey, I'm cool with the $15 charge.  BUT they have coupons on their website which I downloaded and which Ricardo honored, so my final cost was $25 less than initially anticipated.  I paid over the phone with the main office as they ran my card, which was a painless process.  This plumbing lesson cost me less than $150, which again some may scream indignation but hey, these people sometimes work where people poop.  All in all, I would definitely recommend Precision Plumbing to anyone who has plumbing issues that need to be addressed.  They're quick to respond, they're reasonably priced, and they're pleasant people.
5	Called Precision Plumbing about toilets and drains backing up slightly. The tech Dan R. was here within 20 mins. Nice friendly guy... did a quick assessment and discovered a plastic water bottle in my main drain out!He was able to fish it out... and now all drains go down smooth!Low flat price! Great service... will call again!
5	I am a California Highway Patrol Officer who's 81 year old father moved to Henderson Nevada when he retired ... i got a call from my dad who told me i may have to postpone my trip because his sewer line was backing up in his near new DR Horton home  & a major Plumming job was needed which required breaking concrete & re piping the main sewage line from the house to the street ... Some conniving plummer wanted to charge my dad $4800 for work that did not need to be done.  One call to precision plumbing remedied that with a simple fix and a charge of $125.  Some people say police officers are heroes ... Today a police officer is calling percussion Plumming my hero ... Thank you from the bottom of my heart...
4	James S. Came out and fixed my problem quickly and professionally. I would for sure use this company again.
5	Just want to say that I had Precision Plumbing out today due to a stopped up shower drain. James came out and was professional from the time he came through my door (put on foot carpet protectors) to the way he explained what he was going to do to fix our problem. He made sure I understood the cost prior to doing the work and even gave me advice on some other future plumbing projects. I will give these guys a call again when I need plumbing services. David
5	I had a leaking toilet and a leak under my kitchen sink, the representative that they sent James Stauffer was great!!! He was exactly on time, was very friendly, he cared about my concerns and addressed them, he was quick and accurate and he should be acknowledged! NO MORE LEAKS!!! And it only took him about 30 minutes for both! Thank you James...and happy holidays to you and your team at Precision Plumbing!!!
5	Kurt, Jim and Kevin came over and fixed a pipe that was deep underground and it was a very tough job. They are quick to fix any problems and they are very considerate and friendly. I would recommend them for any job even the toughest.
5	We called Focus Plumbing, a company we had done business with in the past,  three times, and since they never returned our call, we called Precision.  A real person answered the phone and sent a technician the same day.  Paul Messingschlager arrived on time, unclogged our drain using a vacuuming machine, (and showed me how to do it myself if it ever happened again).  He actually left our kitchen cleaner than when he started, carefully mopping the floor where some water had leaked during the process.   He looked at our water softener, giving expert diagnosis and advising we contact the retailer who sold it to us.  The plumber who previously looked at our water softener told us it was just fine...  Paul took it apart and showed me where and why it was malfunctioning.  It took more effort to do so, but it confirmed the fact that Precision Plumbing trains its technicians to do a thorough job.  Paul was very professional, competent and has earned not only any future business when we are in need of a plumber, but also our confidence in recommending them to our friends and family.So the moral to this story is that it pays to answer the phone, if you run a business.  By not doing so, Focus lost us to a company that communicates exceptionally well with its customers, trains its technicians to be competent professionals, and values its customers.  We will be loyal customers of Precision Plumbing in the future.
1	Horrible company!! Ripoff artists!! Go anywhere but here!! I was told they don't charge per hour but did the math 160.00 in parts 500.00 in labor for under an hour of work!! No welding, no digging, just some glue and tape plus one of my toilets faulty already!! Stay away from these guys!!
5	My guest bathroom had a leak and I needed a plumber quick. Precision Plumbing was able to come out to my house on the same-day to service my busted water pipe at a reasonable price. I really liked that there was no long wait and no emergency service fee.
5	My toilet wasbacking up, not flushing & leaking. Jim & Montay from Precision Plumbing came and removed the object that was suck & replaced the seal. They were knowledgeable & professional. I will definitely recommend them. I will be replacing the toilet in the future. And are looking forward to working with them again. I have used Number 1 plumbing & C & B Plumbing. Precision Plumbing is the most efficient & reasonably priced.
5	Had a leaky toilet and called Precision Plumbing. James Stauffer was the service specialist. They gave me a time range between 8-10a and James showed up at 8. Already a plus. James diagnosed the problem, gave me a fair and honest quote and recommended other work I should consider getting done. I took him up on his recos because I didn't feel like he was hard selling me and that I could sense his honesty and concern for my plumbing well being. He took the time to explain what he was doing and why he was doing it. He did the job effectively, efficiently and courteously. He cleaned up after he was done and even did a walk thru on plumbing things to look out for in the future. Overall- a very positive experience and a very skilled service guy. Much appreciated, James and Precision Plumbing!
5	I got home today after work  and found myself in a tough situation.. Dirty smelly water was coming out of my sink.. Not a fun thing to deal with. But I thought that with a help of Google and YouTube I'll be able to to fix it. Everything was going well until I found nasty water filing up my tub downsrairs in addition to the kitchen sink. I figured I should ask a specialist to help me.  I've heard about Precision Plumbing before, so I gave it a try.. It didnt take long for the company worker to arrive. He was pleasant and told me right away how much the charge would be. I gave him a go ahead and after a couple of hours of hard work (because it turned out to be more comicated fix than even he thought) he got every ting to work!!! Such a relief. No more stinky bathroom and dirty water everywhere! Thank you James Stauffer for your time on such a short notice. I don't know what I would do without your help. Great job Precision Plumbing!
5	A literal s--t storm, coming up the shower drain. Ricardo was here sooner than stated and worked diligently and politely to complete the job, a job priced very fairly.
5	Kurt came over to provide an estimate for some work in our kitchen.  He called ahead to let us know that he was coming.  He arrived on time and was friendly and courteous.  He took a look at the work we wanted and listened carefully to what we were looking for.  Kurt then made a few suggestions, helped us troubleshoot an issue and put together a plan and estimate.  The work was perfect, clean, well done and better than we could have imagined.I would recommend Precision and Kurt to anyone who needs a fast, professional and expert plumbing service.
4	James arrived on time and ready to aid and solve my concerns. He did a good job. Prices are steep but you get what you pay for, good service.
4	First visit out to check on a toilet-flushing issue, and Kurt was able to better-diagnose the issue that two other well reviewed LV plumbing companies. His quote was about 50% less, and more-accurately fit with what an out of state plumbing friend had suggested.I'll update the review after they do the bigger project, but so far I am very impressed with their customer service and communication.UPDATE: They fixed the issue, and did it on-time and on-budget. This wasn't a small project (at least for my wallet - $6k+), but as I mentioned before, their quote was more competitive than several others. Very pleased, and would recommend working with these guys.
5	I called Precision Plumbing and was delighted to get a plumber out here the same afternoon.  The receptionist was polite and professional.  Andrew called to let me know that he was on the way to take a look at the job and to give me a free estimate.  We needed to have the connector hose to the upstair toilet replaced, and we needed to replace an upstairs sink faucet with a new one that we had already purchased.He estimated that the work would take a couple of hours, plus the time that he needed to purchase the type of connector hose that was required for the toilet (about a half hour to run to Lowe's).  He got the job done and showed me the work.  Excellent workmanship, definitely better and faster than what we could do on our own.  He cleaned up his tools and left the bathroom in a neat condition.Andrew was friendly, knowledgeable, and fast.  From beginning to end, this company was professional and efficient.  The price was reasonable for a good plumber, and the customer service was excellent with good follow-up after the work was completed.I was impressed with this company and am planning to have them out again to work on my kitchen sink.  Nice to know a good plumbing company in the area that I can call on again!
5	One wonderful Sunday the toilets and tubs in the house started backing up with human feces and sewage.  Not a pleasant time by any means.  We called Precision Plumbing and they responded immediately.  Ricardo worked for a couple hours non-stop attempting to resolve the problem through snaking the pipe.  Supervisor Jim returned early the next morning and expertly diagnosed the issue.  They blasted the pipe and quickly resolved our plumbing nightmare.  Big thanks to Jim and Ricardo for the excellent customer service and doing a great job.  Pricing was reasonable for plumbing.
5	We called to see if they could replace the shut off valves under the kitchen sink. They came within an hour and it was not even an emergency. Great job to Kurt.
5	Friday evening domestic plumbing stoppage threatened dinner plans with out of town guests. Paul arrived on the scene, neat and pleasant, diagnosed the issue, quoted the price and fixed it in under 20 minutes at a reasonable price. Paul was awesome.
5	Awesome James S.Made quick work of changing my Main Off valve.Great headsup on other problems including the evil PolyB....Experienced and Effecient...Use Him!!
5	They were the fist ones to call back. They said 10am and Andrew knocked on the door at 10am. The problem was the kitchen faucet. He ran into problems and it took twice as long as estimated but they stuck to the original estimate. Andrew and Precision are class acts!!!.
5	After Yes Plumbing stopped by and couldn't resolve my problem, I went with Precision Plumbing. Jason was within his two hour window, and unlike Yes Plumbing, bypassed all the hoopla and told me what my problem was - an ill fitting gasket the was connected to my supply line in my laundry area that has been causing an ongoing leak.  He explained to me the reasons for the occurrence, ran to pick up a part, and replaced it. He called quick response and Robert arrived within 30 mins. After going over some paperwork he started quickly tearing down the affected areas (laundry area and secondary bedroom) to get me on my way to restoration. These two were a godsend after my experience with Yes Plumbing. Thank you again.
5	Theses guys came out so quickly. Paul showed up and though it was thankfully only a minor problem it was fixed with ease! Would definitely use them the next time I have a problem!
5	I called another company that had great reviews...the few not so good reviews were from customers that called and got no return call. When you have a problem the #1 thing for me is to get someone out and get it fixed, especially if there is a leak. Anyway, it turned out to be their loss as I called Precision and was taken care of right away, plus they had Andrew out to see me in just under an hour! The price I thought was fair, also gave me a senior discount, and the leak was repaired in a reasonable time, even though he had to go to the store for a new hose bib. Very satisfied with the service, and I will use it in the future. Thanks again Precision and Andrew!
5	I had a kitchen sink leaking and I called precision plumbing. Dustin Rush came and did an amazing and thorough job. He was very personable, friendly, and helpful. In addition he installed a new reverse osmosis system for me. Everything is running great and I'm happy!  Thanks Dustin!
5	Paul came by and within minutes diagnosed the problem I had. He had to go back to his shop twice to get various parts though that was to be expected and one of the parts unexpectedly broke. He was very professional and took care of the situation and even a couple issues I was unaware of. No question I will be calling him again and I know it will be taken care of quick.
5	5 stars for honesty.  Came out on Sunday morning with hour's notice after my tenant called me reporting water spurting from pipe under the kitchen sink.  Precision checked it out and only had to tighten the connection.  They did not charge me.  Very good customer service.
5	Problem was with a drain line pipe for the A/C and an A/C company that was just there said they couldn't fix it because it was a plumbing issue.  There was water leaking by the air handler in my condo rental that was on the bottom floor.Called Precision Plumbing on a Sunday, spoke with a really nice & pleasant lady, and James was at my place within the hour.  The worst thing that he said to me was that it was NOT a plumbing issue.  He appeared to be dumbfounded that the A/C repair guy from the other company didn't resolve the problem.  James could have walked away and had a better day.  Instead he called the owner of the company and because they also have an A/C repair side of their business, they told him what he could try to do.  He blew out the drain line, gunk came out, and water started dripping out of the proper area.  That's it!  Problem solved and now I'm a life-long customer.
5	I could not recommend Precision Plumbing more highly. I recently contacted their company with a plumbing problem after calling 20 other companies. Everyone else I contacted was clueless. Precision Plumbing was one of the few companies that were actually knowledgeable. I was very impressed with multiple aspects of their company. Firstly they advertise they are open 24 hours and when I called at midnight I was greeted by the friendly and professional receptionist named Kim. Secondly they provide free estimates. Most companies will try to gouge you just to do an inspection to determine the problem. Not the case with Precision. They went to great time and effort to correctly diagnose my plumbing problem at no charge. I had Jason looking after me and I couldn't be more grateful for everything he did. Jason is honest, reliable and a nice guy.
5	Eric J. and Precision Plumbing rock!  I had a main sewer line blockage on a holiday weekend.  Eric arrived before the estimated time.  He was able to clear the blockage the least expensive way possible and very quickly.  Eric J.  was then able to fix two other problems I have been dealing with including hooking-up my natural gas grill in time for a holiday cook-out!  Eric had to go get parts to complete two of the jobs but he did it in a timely manner, with a smile and a joke! He was not put-off by my hovering and asking questions, in fact, he was encouraging and seemed to appreciate my interest in all things plumbing.  Eric J. is a rock star of plumbing!!I am so happy I found Precision Plumbing and Eric J!  I took their Home Protection Plan even though I have a home warranty on a house I just moved in to. I trust Precision and Eric thoroughly. I would highly recommend both, without reservation, to friends and family.  I will be using Precision for all of my plumbing and hvac needs forever!  I wish they did other home maintenance because I wold use them for everything...
5	I found a leak under my kitchen sink after work today (after 6pm!). I have been wanting my kitchen faucet replaced and had no choice but to find a plumber who would come out right away.  I called two plumbers before calling Precision Plumbing, and I was glad that I found Precision Plumbing! Within 10 minutes of my call, Daniel C. called me to let me know that he would arrive in 30-45 minutes, which he did. From the moment Daniel arrived, he was extremely professional. He checked everything thoroughly, located the source of problems, and gave me a reasonable estimate, which I couldn't refuse. He then went straight to work, replaced shut off valves, and installed my new faucet.  Daniel was very knowledgeable, and while he worked, he explained what he was doing and educated us.  When Daniel was done, he took time to check everything was in working order, going above and beyond to also check every single connection for the drain and the filter system under my sink.  I can honestly say that I have found a truly professional plumber who has the best skills and knowledge! For my future plumbing needs, I know exactly whom to call! Daniel C. at Precision Plumbing! Thanks!
5	I noticed a leak under my sink this morning. Not knowing anything about plumbing..I looked on yelp and instantly noticed the great reviews about precision plumbing. Gave them a call and was pleasantly surprised when I asked what the service charge and estimate would be and they said "its a free no obligation estimate"They are very accurate on the time frame on which they will arrive at your home as well. Paul M. was my plumber and he was the best! So nice and very professional. I would definitely call him again for future plumbing issues. Ask for him!Thanks guys!
5	Very nice courteous and prompt
1	After having an issue with plumbing starting I'm my kitchen and then backing up in my bathrooms also I called this company because of all the great reviews on yelp. I had a baby shower coming up the following day and needed this issue resolved as soon as possible.  The lady who answered the phone was very nice and seemed like she was gonna be helpful. Even tho it was a call that took place in the middle of the night she said she would have someone out to my house as soon as possible. Well that never happened. I have called back twice with no answer and no one has bothered to return my call. At 8 A.M I am now looking for another company as I have giving this company all night to get back to me. Feeling very disappointed as the lady her self said I was only down the street from the company and with all the great great reviews on here.
5	I called Precision because we were having some problems with our water softener.  Our tech, James P. showed up early on Saturday which was great.  He was unable to fix the problem but was able to show us a few things about the softener. I will be using Precision if we need any other repairs done in our house.
5	Paul N. was my plumber. Amazing, friendly. They got here earlier than quoted time, which was amazing. We had two broken toilets ( continuous running which cause a huge water bill). One thing after another broke while attempting to repair and Paul was quick to get parts, come back and finish the job. I highly recommend Paul and Precision Plumbing
5	Great service!!! Paul was excellent!!!
2	I will start out with the good for the job I had done on 10/13/14. The company is very professional from the moment you call them to the moment the plumbing technician leaves. Paul M. was friendly and finished the job quickly to change a leaking kitchen faucet.Why did I remove three stars if the service was good? $296.65 to replace a customer supplied kitchen faucet that was leaking. I accepted their pricing because I needed the faucet fixed immediately and it was leaking bad, but they are way too high. I had already gone out and bought a new kitchen faucet. The invoice comes with two charges already printed on the bill/invoice: $15 Fuel Charge and $7.50 Miscellaneous Supplies. First you are paying for 5 gallons of gas at the current $3 average per gallon. Second, is the misc. supplies fee, what supplies are included for this $7.50? Then we get to the price of $274.15 to replace a faucet. The job took Paul M. just 30 minutes to complete. That means I paid an hourly rate of $593.30. Changing a leaking faucet is not worth a total of $296.65. Paul did give me two flexible water hoses and replaced the old ones (there was nothing wrong with the old hoses) for free, but when you are paying $296.65 this is not a freebie. This was a nice gesture, but does not make up for such overcharging. I would recommend calling around or use a handyman for simple plumbing jobs to save some money.
5	This company is awesome! Called them at 10pm and made an appointment for the next morning. They called me when the plumber was en-route to give me a heads up. Pretty cool. When he arrived he installed it quicker than I have ever seen anyone install a water heater. He was very knowledgeable. Awesome company! Fair prices, quick response time, great work. Overall A+
5	A BIG Thank You to Precision Plumbing and your Technicians James and Kevin.As promised, they showed up very timely and assessed the situation.They were extremely Professional and Courteous and had my problem fixed ASAP.I will use Precision Plumbing from now on and I highly recommend their Services.Best Regards,Denise PostSummerlin, NV
5	Integrity. A possession not many people or companies seem to have these days. This is something Precision Plumbing does have. My appointment phone call was answerd by a very pleasant lady and she schedule the technican for less than 24hrs after my call. The tech Eric Jenkins was on time and very courteous. What I thought was a problem was actually nothing at all. He could have charged me for a service I thought I needed. He said all was good and then he thanked me for calling and offered me a business card should I ever need plumbing repair. Top notch five stars. Thank you!
5	I called John out for an estimate last Thursday for a cracked sewer pipe. he told me it would take two days to complete the work since it went under the front porch and I didn't want the porch torn up. he said he had a co-worker that could get into tight spaces shovel it out with a spoon. He wasn't lying. his co-worker got right in there and sawed the roots and dug it out. they started Monday and finished Monday. My wife thought the water was going to be off for long period, they didn't have to turn the water off and she could finally start prepping food for dinner. so she was happy it wasn't a long job and if she's happy I'm happy lol. would like to thank John and his co-worker for everything especially for completing the job in one day instead of two.
5	Great company! our Plumber was Robert R. and he was great. Super helpful and knowledgeable. if I ever have another plumbing problem i know who i would be calling!
5	Called on a Sunday.  The plumber arrived within 30 minutes and quickly fixed our clogged sink.
5	I have to say when it was a Sunday afternoon and the water backed up I was worried. I called and was received that there was someone only minutes away. Eric came to my rescue and did a wonderful job. I give them a five Star.
1	I called this company because of their good  reviews on yelp. I had cracked whirlpool bath tub and the guy who came to my place was very nice and professional. So why I  am giving only 1 star. The guy gave me an estimate of almost $2000 for labor to replace the bath tub only  plus the cost of the tub according to choice. Wow....   $$$$ . He told me that he will remove the wall, remove some of the tiles on the floor and will make another hole on the ceiling in order  to have some access on the tub since my tub is iin the second floor. He told me that there is no way to fix this kind of tub but  to replace it and he is only a plumber so It will be my problem to return the wall (he cannot promised if he can save the marbled wall), fix the floor and ceiling. He will also replace my shower faucet because according to him it is outdated. The house was built 2006. Overall my estimate to repair this tub will range from 3000 to 5000.   I called another plumber for second opinion and thru the phone the second plumber who was so honest  directed me to the surface specialist who can repair my tub instead of  replacing it. To cut the story short, my tub is now repaired. You can not even notice the difference  for $250 only without the hassle of looking for repairman who will fix the wall and floor. $250. Vs $3000 -5000 that was a big difference. They don't care how much you will spend or save on the repair. All they care is rip off your saved money. I will not give even 1 star for their  poor business practice.
5	One of my hose bibs broke off late at night, leaving me with Old Faithful shooting out the side of my house and forcing me to shut off the water main for the remainder of the evening.  I contacted Precision Plumbing first thing in the morning after reading previous reviews.  The said they would have someone out by 11AM.  James got to my house about 9:30, and immediately assessed the issue and got to work.  Not only was he extremely punctual, but very friendly and he also did a great job!  He repaired the bib and then reinforced it to ensure it wouldn't happen again.  I would highly recommend Precision Plumbing.
5	Jason and his crew, Bob and Kevin installed a new mainline from the water meter to the house. I am very pleased at their professionalism.It seemed to me they went out of their way to ensure that the leak was before the cut off valve in the garage, even installing a more accessible valve in the yard. I highly recommend this company. It is now my go to business for any future plumbing needs.
