4	ohhhhhhh, I am craving The Golden Greek right now.  SO since I can't eat it, I will review it.  I have not been in some time but as far as I can remember it was one of the best Greek meals I have ever had.  The ambiance is hmmmm.... how do you say this? Dumpy?  But the food is just so fabulous that you forget you are sitting in a booth with duct tape holding it together.  The gyros are excellent.  Give it a try if you are in the area.  The price is affordable too.
5	The Golden Greek is awesome....the food is authentic and is run by a family from Greece.  My family and I have been going there for over 25 years.  The food is AWESOME, the service has been described to me by others to be a bit cold, but after you have dined there for a while you become like family.  Go for the food....it's amazing the prices are excellent as well. The chicken sandwich for lunch is wonderful and comes with a salad and tsatsiki sause, dinner has souvlaki (both chicken or lamb), and the shrimp yvesi is the best. The Golden Greek is just NOrth of Glendale Ave. on 35th ave in a small shopping center...you will not be sorry.....I would eat there every day if it was possible..if you want the real thing...then go see Tessi and Phillip at the Golden Greek.
5	This little restaurant is a place we go to when shopping at 35th Ave. Sew & Vac. As you can see from the photo it is in a very dingy strip mall and you might not ever think of checking this little gem out. Do, you will not be sorry.The inside of the restaurant is an odd piece of work too. Very old fashioned bad taste in decorating, but I think this makes for an even better experience. Each time we have gone there is only one table waiting for us and the rest is filled. Odd huh ;-[) The woman who I assume is the owner waits and who knows what else. She is not really friendly, but nor is she unfriendly. All I can think of calling it is very focused with the real desire that you are enjoin your food.The food is just wonderful. I have tried several dishes both Greek and Italian. Each has had such dead on flavours you just mutter to yourself, God this is good. I mean even the very basic salad that comes with some of the plates is always COLD crisp lettuce and a variety of other veggies with a great dressing. I hope when you all try this place you find it just as I.
3	Not bad. This place is down the street from where I work. The Greek food is actually a little on the bland side. Excellent service. If you go, order the lasagna, it is wonderful.
5	Golden Greek is a diamond in the rough and I find myself craving it often.The place is one of my favorites, if not my top Greek restaurant in the valley.All of the food is made from scratch and absolutely delicious. I think I've liked pretty much every single food item that I've tried there, the hummus & pitas, the greek salad, the spankopita, the pasta de greco. Love all of it.The service can be slow at times, but the fantastic food is definitely worth the wait. Prices are low, so the meals are easy on your wallet. If you want some spectacular Greek food, this is the spot for you.
4	Earlier in the week one of my customers from Wickenburg mentioned he had just come from lunch here and when he lived in town it was a regular stop for him.  So I Yelped it while he was here and found not a single bad review.After a disappointing time at the MVD I needed to treat myself to something good.Ambiance - OK so this is not a place to impress a date.  It's a bit, OK a big bit, dated.  But it is really clean.  A total of 11 tables and 3 of those could be moved and joined for a party of 10-12.  Most of the customers were regulars for a Friday lunch and 5 tables were in use.  The waitress (owner?) doesn't smile much but she is pleasant.Service - After being asked my party size I was told to pick a table.  As soon as she had finished serving another table she brought over my service and a menu.  She gave me a couple of minutes and then came and took my order.  When my iced tea was running low she appeared at my table with a pitcher.  There is a quiet relaxed feeling to the whole place and if you go with that vibe you will find the service to be quite good and actually faster than it feels when checked with a watch afterward.Food - This is the fourth star!  I had Chicken Apollo, chicken breast with sauteed spinach, feta cheese on fresh baked bread.  The bread as listed is pita but it is something different and better.  It came with a "small" Greek salad that took up a good portion of the dinner plate with basic iceberg, large chunks of tomato and cucumber and a couple of Greek olives topped with feta cheese and an oil/vinegar dressing. With iced tea and tax the bill was $8.93.Definitely a place to put on the list for more visits to try other menu items.
5	For greek food this is the place in Phoenix, If your in a hurry forgetaboutit. No one thats in a hurry or impatient need apply but great food is always worth a wait. Little quaint restaurant with fresh made greek food, the italian is pretty good as well. I crave it all there great homemade bread is amazing I cant get enough. If you love greek food you must try...
4	My family and I frequented Golden Greek at least once weekly growing up, though I hadn't been in at least 5-8 years, until last night.It's EXACTLY how it was 10 years ago. It's a dive, neighborhood hole in the wall. Small, quiet restaurant, with basic and tasty Greek and Italian food. I had the Pasta Napoli last night and it was tasty, as were the spanikopitas and the garlic bread. Our hummus was very watery and chunky... would not order again. The people who run the place, and have ran it forever, are completely indifferent. They slam glasses and plates on your table, say "what do you want?" and tell you "good customers get their own to go boxes." It's not that they are unfriendly, but they just have a different way about them. You're in the restaurant and they treat you as they would family or friends, rather than kissing your ass for being in their place. I like that charm a little bit. I don't think anything here is really home-made, rather they are just putting together ingredients they have warmed up, but it is good!And CHEAP!
5	My favorite Greek place in the Valley.   You can't go wrong with anything on the menu, they serve the best calamari I have ever had.  The Italian food is good as well.   Service is slow, so plan on awhile and it isn't served with a smile, but it doesn't matter, the food is that good.
3	Another hole-in-the-wall Greek restaurant, delicious! I took two of my less adventurous girlfriends to lunch here. I think they were a little scared by the neighborhood, being that we live in North Glendale, but once we were inside they felt a little better. Total Mom&Pop joint, which let's admit are usually the best! One of my girlfriends had their chicken sand-which and another had a salad. Both looked delicious. I had their gyro pita and asked for feta on it. This was the BEST looking feta I've ever seen. Just a nice big square of it cut and added. It was delicious and I would definitely go there again being that my Grandpa lives down the street. One of my girlfriends brought her chill 5 month old and they were very accommodating and welcoming to them both, even playful with her. \ Also, a man in a electronic wheelchair came in towards the end of our meal. The owner/cook/waitress seemed very accommodating to him, although he sounded like a regular. Overall, good place to go!
2	Odd that they're a Greek place yet they have ravioli, texas toast, and other Italian items.This place does have a locals only feel.  I felt that when I was waiting to place my order while the only server chatted about her granddaughter with a local woman at a nearby booth.Interior has a few Greek-themed pictures on the walls, but the booths date back to the 70's or so, and the chairs probably as well.  As other reviewers noted, this appears to be a sketchy part of town, so it can make one a bit uncomfortable.Hummus was a bit gritty/lumpy, tasted a bit bland, and for some reason took a good 10 minutes or so to arrive even though the only other table in the restaurant already had their food.  Pita was dry, chewy, and tough.Maybe next time I'll go for the texas toast and ravioli instead.
5	Please do yourself a favor and visit this diamond in the rough.  The service in mediocre at best, but it honestly doesn't matter when you're getting such a delicious meal at a good price.  The bread is definitely home made and I could probably eat it all day.  I could die in it and be happy. Its amazing. I eat here a lot with my mother on her lunch breaks and we love it.
4	This is a mom and pop place.  Brother cooks in kitchen under the supervision of Grandma.  Sister waits tables.Food is Italian and Greek.  Food is always good no mater what you order.  All full meals come with green beans with vegetables and tomato sauce.  The vegetables are the weakest part of the Greek meal for my but that's perhaps just my taste.Salads taste very fresh and sandwiches, appetizers, and italian, especially baked ziti are wonderfully hot and cheezy.This is a place that the locals visit.Closed on Sunday.
4	Wonder where a Greek would send you for authentic Greek food? Wonder no more, my friend from way back  , sent my husband and I over here so we could taste his favorite greek food from the old country.   Mr T has been here quite a while but he swears this place reminds him of home..not sure if home was in a strip mall but nether the less , he loves the joint.  Food was hearty and tasty not sure exactly what each thing was but we had a combo plate that was big and tasty.  the place isn'tmuch to look at  and the owners run the place by themselves which always seems to be the hallmark of "real" food.
4	This is a family run restaurant that takes pride in it's delicious food.  The gyros sandwich, made from grandmas home made pita is sooooo good.  Get a Greek salad for a side and you have a wonderfully inexpensive dinner.  Yes, it may look like a hole in the wall, but the food is what you are there for.
5	Family owned little and I mean little restaurant with absolutely amazing food. Very authentic.  I'm pretty sure the owners are right off the boat.  We dine here as often as possible.
4	This is a small neighborhood restaurant, well worth the trip from the out regions...say downtown.  It's not trendy but it is sincere. The service isn't fast. It is a family restaurant: Mom, Dad, Son and Grams.  So if you are in a hurry you may want to go somewhere else. I will admit that Tess (the Mom) can be a little stand-offish at first visit. Trust me go back and she will remember your face and the service is much better.  I have eaten from both the Greek and the Italian menus and both are delicious, especially the home made pita and the Pasta El Greco with shrimp.  Do not miss the rice pudding!  Did I mention that it was cheap as H E double L hockey sticks?
5	What makes a great restaurant? The food? The ambiance? The service?The Golden Greek, found in an inconspicuous strip mall on the west side of town, is a valley treasure.  It is a treasure because its encompasses the best of all the traits listed above.  Yes, now that I live in Arcadia its a long drive.  Living in North Scottsdale, it was even worse.  It just doesn't matter, this restaurant is where its at.  Run by the same family, for what seems like the past 30 years, the food is always amazing, the service always kills, and the vibe/mood of the restaurant has never changed.  Only ten or so small tables in the dining room with minimal Greek infused music playing on the speakers and a few pictures of the Greece on the wall.  The sister of the family runs the floor and has watched much of the valley grow up eating from her plates.There are both a list of hot and cold appetizers.  I always get the calamari and the smelts, they are both outrageously good.  My mother usually has the cold appetizer platter, which has mounds of grape leaves, feta, taramasalata and many other treats.  For dinner, I always get the same thing, the garithes scorpios.  Its a plate of large shrimp cooked in lemon white wine sauce over a bed of rice.  I could eat this every day of my life and be more than content.  They also serve some Italian staples like pasta, ravioli and lasagna, but the genius of the restaurant are the Greek delicacies.Thank you for staying in the Valley and gracing us with your presence, you get the highest rating, Five Stars!
5	This place is the perfect example of don't judge a book by its cover. The area might not be the greatest but make no mistake about it. This place has the best greek food. Ive passed by this place for years and I never even knew it was there. My girlfriend introduced me to this place about 3 years ago and ive been hooked ever since. And I get the Gyro sandwich every time and its the best. Tried a new shrimp dish last night that was topped with Feta cheese and I think I saw GOD! Bottom line go check this place out. If u don't like it then ill give u my address and you can stop by and slap me for the bad recommendation.
1	So this place had good reviews and its in my neighbourhood, I love Greek food.Sooo disappointed, meat is very dry feels like jerky, they forgot lemon juice in their hummus and its not pureed very well.Horrible wont ever go back.
5	Golden Greek and it's owners are fantastic.  I have been going here for the better part of 20 years even as I have moved in and out of the general area.  My parents still live near here, so anytime I drive in from Surprise with the kids we hit it up!The family who owns/runs this has both Greek and Italian background thus the menu selections.  I am a big fan of nearly everything on both sides on this menu.On weekend night you have to get here early, there are only about 10-12 tables in the place and I've never seen anyone other than the one lady as a waitress....so it can get slow.   Also they close from the end of June through early August every year, I always forget that until I have a craving for their food and show up to see the sign on the door to burst my bubble. lol!This is probably one of the places I recommend most in the entire valley, I hope they are here for many more years to come.
4	This is one of our favorite neighborhood spots.  At first, the service will seem a little cold or distant, but as you come in more often, you will almost be treated as a member of the family.  My advice is to be patient, because the food is worth it.  You need to know that they go on vacation every summer, for most of July and early August.  This year they re-opened on August 8th, so it is safe to check out now. I'm a huge fan of their lentil soup, and both the Greek and Horiatiki salads are truly excellent.  My daughter really likes their hummus.   My wife and I agree that the tastiest stuff on the menu is the Pasta El Greco.Well worth checking out if you are in the area.
4	Authentic, excellent food! Looks like a dive, and the neighborhood is old, but the food and the prices more than make up for that. Obviously a popular place because the line was almost out the door
5	when in phx...first dinner is always at the golden greek.absolutely the best gyro in az...and the waitress has a great butt....win-win......yay g.greek.....flaming cheese is the best......g. g......i luv u........
4	Have been going to Golden Greek for some 5 or 6 years.  Food is always good and salads/greens are always fresh and good.Tip:  the place is always full in the evening so get there early.
4	Great food, great prices, awesome.
5	My girlfriend and I have eaten here about a dozen times in the last 6 months or so. Being fans of both italian and greek foods, I try to eat something different every time. So far, I haven't had anything that was less than delicious... Service is great, and the customers are usually loaded with character, too... Two thumbs up, for sure...
5	Great food!!! Love the Gyro sandwich and greek salad for lunch!!! I know the owners the and they are very friendly to everyone.
4	Who could possibly give this place a bad review? Are you mental? This is Greek dining at its best. The gyro meat is savory and fresh. The taziki sauce is tangy and addicting. Even their pasta dishes are hand made by the Greek Gods themselves. Granted, the restaurant is extremely small and not exactly the most current in decor. I will even agree that the service is slow. But man oh man, the food is worth these minor obstacles. Any time my husband and I can eat at a place for less than $20 and leave feeling as though we have gorged all day is A-OK in my book. Ignore the scary strip mall it is located in and forget that the neighborhood is stuck in the 1970s... just go with an open mind, empty belly, and time on your hands. The owners are 100% Greek and if you are lucky, you can hear the mother and daughter arguing in Greek! I personally find that entertaining. If I weren't already married, I would consider eloping with this restaurant!
5	My family and I have been going the the Golden Greek for about 20+ years. Growing up I always had the spaghetti with meatballs YUM! I took my boyfriend who hates lamb ( I didn't know at the time) and he tried everything that wasn't lamb. I asked him to just try the gyro. We'll now we both the gyro and  he gets it with extra meat (lamb).
5	Let me start this one by stating that I've lived in Greece and I have a tough filter when it comes to giving 5 stars.All that said, the Golden Greek passed my test.  The Gyro Special was enough to fill a grown man such as myself after not eating for 24 hours (literally!).  The special obviously included a Gyro, but I was surprised that they used homemade bread (which turned out to be excellent) and gave such a generous portion of Greek-inspired salad (not exactly Greek Salad as it had lettuce) since the menu referred to the salad as being "small."  As my picture illustrates, once the Gyro was open, the meal barely fit on a normal-sized plate.The service was decent (a bit slow, but that's part of the experience- this is NOT a "fast food" joint) and they play some Greek music.  The restaurant lacks some ambiance as it is small and a bit outdated, but that's not why you should come here.  You should come here if you want a real taste of Greece smack-dab in the middle of Phoenix!!!
2	Always heard great things about this place so I was really looking forward to eating here.  I took my parents and unfortunately we were very disappointed.The waitress/owner seated us and then sat down and had a 10 minute conversation with someone at another table, when she finished she came over and took our order.The food was bland and under-seasoned. My gyro tasted like one of those pre-made frozen ones you put on the spit and serve at the county fair.  The funniest thing was my mom is a vegetarian and under their "Vegetarian Specialties" category on the menu they have one item listed as containing chicken broth...well maybe they think of vegetarian as not having big chunks of meat...who knows.She was not a fan of the hummus she had or the Greek salad. How can you mess up a Greek salad? Serve it with a limp iceberg and a bland dressing, that's how.The only reason I gave them 2 stars was my dad said the Souvlaki dish he had was OK. I had a taste of it and thought it was a bit bland and greasy, but he seemed to enjoy it.I would skip this place and go elsewhere as there are much better Greek restaurants in the Phoenix area.
5	I ate here with my family the other night, 7 of us, for the second time and once again found it to be an exceptional place. With Athena's gone, The Golden Greek in my opinion is the best Greek restaurant in town. Being Greek we don't often go out for Greek, because we can usually get better at home, but TGG is worth going out for. Everything on the menu is solid if not excellent, in our 2 visits we've tried most of the menu. The dishes that stand out the most are the Lamb Shank, it's a special- not sure how often, and the Garithes Yiouvetsi- shrimp baked in tomato sauce w/ feta. I'm not a huge lamb fan ( I never order it, but tasted someone else's in this case), but this shank, slow cooked in a tomato sauce, was wonderfully tender and flavorful, I would go back just for that. The tomato sauce that the shrimp were cooked in was very garlicky and delicious. There were quite a few shrimp in the dish, more then you'd expect for $10.95. The homemade bread is just made for dipping into the leftover tomato sauce. W didn't get dessert this time, but had the rice pudding last time and it was very good as well. Prices are unbelievable as well. Seven of us ate, w/ a couple doggie bags, for $85 including tip, great, great value. One of these days we'll have to try something from the Italian side of the menu. Tip- you can view their whole menu on Idine.com
4	Best Greek food I've had in the valley. Whenever I order a gyro anywhere else, I'm disappointed. The only reason I'm not giving a 5 is nit picky items:This is a family owned restaurant that has many regulars. If you are not a regular, you may not feel quite as... welcome? That said, the staff is great when you get to know them but it may be a turn off for new customers.I love grape leaves but thought Golden Greek's was just mediocre.I'll take a gyro dinner here over a many other more expensive meals at "nicer" restaurants. And after going here for 8 years I still have never tried any of the Italian... maybe one day.
4	Love this place, we've been coming here since we moved to the Valley. I nearly always order the gyro sandwich. Any time I've ordered something else I love it, but I wish for the gyro instead. The bread they serve with it is amazing- wish I knew how to make it. Their flaming cheese isn't really flaming, but it is awesome anyways, as is the lemon rice soup (also not flaming).Service here varies. If you're a regular and they know you, you'll get great service. If you're new, it can be a bit spottier. This is a family-owned joint, and there are LOTS of regulars- it backs up out the door at dinnertime. Tess, the waitress, takes orders without writing them down, then rings it all up at the register from memory. Again, she's great if you're a regular but can be a bit brisk if you're new.Oh, and they're closed on Mondays, and for about a month during the summer.
5	First time I went there, I felt they were rude and quick. Waited a year to come back. Then I started to come regularly, and I am treated fantastically. Food is outstanding. Also super cheap. It's really one of the best places to go, you get a lot of food, it's really delicious, and you can't get out of a place any cheaper than this.The best. If you can get past the initial service.
1	Don't waste your time or money, incredibly slow service. I get that its family owned however they need to get with the times and truly make a effort to connect with their guests, especially first time guests. Very disappointed.
2	I'm surprised there are people on here, who think they're treated rudely and abruptly at the Golden Greek.  What makes you think you're so special?!  EVERYONE here is treated that way!Food at the Golden Greek is something akin to what hospital patients in Athens would eat.  While some of the food is really good  (like the kebabs), some of it is unbelievably "alien" to what I'm used to:  gyro meat like leather straps; all the Italian dishes insulting to even the rattiest Italian homeless man; and everything  -- and I do mean 'everything' -- served with a side-vegetable dish of chickpeas, carrots and peas in tomato soup sauce  (to be fair, the lemon soup is good as are the baklava, when they have them).  Along with the chickpea-tomato soup veggies you'll get enough rice to send your blood sugar readings into the 500s after dinner.The service ... well, what can we say about the service:  picture a Greek wedding where the bride and groom already hate each other before the ceremony's ended:  the wait "staff" consists of  a sister-brother-mother team.  The brother doesn't do a whole lot of anything except scowl and mumble and, thankfully, spends most of his time outside ignoring your desperate pleas for more water to drown out the starchy rice stuck in your throat.  The sister CAN be charming ... just like rattlesnakes don't HAVE to bite.  Don't be surprised if your dinner is cooking a second time under the heat lamps while she holds a chit chat with elderly guests, who just flew in from "I have nothing better to do with my life than talk endlessly" Land.  But the real workhorse in that place is Mom, a stocky, incredibly muscularly built woman with calves every man at the gym would die for, who cooks, cleans, and is the only one with a sense of humor ... she especially loves to laugh when you complain or drop something on the floor.  And speaking of dropping something on the floor, DO enjoy the many screams and crashing plates you'll hear in the back of the restaurant from the three of them while you're trying to enjoy the bland food:  think of it as ethnic entertainment straight from the Greek version of "Married With Children".All in all reasonably decent food, but the yelling and attitude have more spice than the mousaka.
4	Been visiting since 1988, great food, lunch gyro special is the best! Homemade pita, sauce is awesome. Yes, you will here the family screaming in the kitchen, yes pans and plates crashing but its has been this way since they have opened.If going to lunch, go early , same for dinner, all about timing here!
4	Amazing delicious Greek food with wonderful friendly service. I look forward to eating there again! Next time I may try the Italian food. What I saw being served looked yummy and smelled great
5	I first went here in 1986. I have gone back off and  on ever since. I stopped today for dinner. Still the best Greek food in Phoenix. Get the gyro plate and enjoy. The Golden Greek is back in the rotation of my favorites. I will never go more than a couple weeks now without this wonderful food!!
4	Excellent food.  Service was a little slow, but the atmosphere is entertaining.
5	My favorite Greek Restaurant!!! Great Greek Salad and Gyro. Amazing appetizers too... and the price oh the price!!! To die for. seriously though; hands down best in PHX... Better than Crazy Jim's which is a four star joint in its own right.
4	Here go lunch had gyro sandwich very simple meat on a chibata bun? But the meat was very tasty with the extra sauce. Salad was ok. Service was adequate decor is kinda tacky but food made up for that. Not the best but definetly not the worst.
4	An old style family restaurant.  A very good value for the money.  My entire group liked the food.  A little bit of everything for everyone.  We ate Greek food, they also have Italian.  Can not vouch for the Italian as we all ate Greek Food.
3	No this place is not aesthetically pleasing, but the food is tasty, pretty cheap and the service is friendly. The lamb souvlaki is good but the lamb seems to be more gristly than others I've had. The rolls are amazing! I gave it 3 stars because there is better Greek food out there, but this quite good for how cheap it is.
5	Fantastic!!  I enjoyed the Greek Combo immensely!!  Served with soup or salad, lunch for two of us (both had combo) was just over $20 and there was a lot of food. I hope to return some day.
4	Stopped here 2day w/ a dear gf of mine 4 a nice lunch while we caught up 4 a couple hrs. She'd never been here & it had been awhile 4 me even though I'd previously dined a handful of Xs. I luv the family owned oper8ions & this 1 has been here 4 @ least 20+ yrs that I know of.   This small li'l hole in the wall is pretty much the Best place in the whole shopping plaza & as far as Greek goes, it's been a fave tho I have not had 2 many other Greek experiences 2 make comparisons (hey, get ur mind outta the gutter~talkin' bout food)! The decor is nicely themed 4 it's size & have 2 admit I kinda like hearing hollering of orders & family rel8ed antics (it's kinda like getting free entertainment while ur w8ing) which I feel is part of what makes it the cultural experience 2.   We started w/ the greek salad complete w/ the authentic kalamata olives (careful of the pitts) & special made house dressing, mine sans the feta cheese. We shared some hummus & an order of spanikopitas. I also tried a side of their lentil soup & we already had our heart set on some baklava 4 dessert but un4tun8ly they were out. (or none was made, or in the process there~of). I know it takes awhile 2 make but dang, baklava goes in~hand w/ Greek excursions!   Salad was good, lentil soup was very good as was the hummus (perfect consistency tho needing a li'l spice/flavor) ALL generous portions 4 the $$ but both of us agreed the flaky crispily scrumptuos Spanikopitas = AHhhmazing & made it worth our visit in itself!!!  In fact, when we come back we may just order those & of course the baklava we missed out on... that's IF they have it (& why it's 4 instead of 5* rating).   Also,  the service is good & efficient, just don't expect kissy~face kindness (also part of what I refer 2 as part of the authentico experience). Besides I find it more unnerving/nause8ing when some1 attempts portraying/sounding like a real sweetheart but is always blatantly obvious when it's an Act. B prepared 2 b given an uncomfortable once over (looking u over up & down). Felt like being sized up if worthy enough 2 b seated, but guess we were (or our $ was good enough 2 take).   A poor lady stood there w8ing 2 b seen 4 about 10 min while our server was sitting down right across the way from her reading something. I felt bad 4 her (even while engrossed in girly's convers8ion) & almost wanted 2 say some1 would b w/ her so she'd notice her, but feared a lazer~eyed glare my direction turning me 2 stone. Maybe I could b a statue 2 greet patrons @ the entrance. Yikes! Just kidding, or am I?    She finally got seated only After a party was leaving ready 2 pay.  Another reason not Perfect 5* but I'll enjoy coming here 'once in awhile' calling b4 hand or ask prior 2 bn seated 2 c if baklava is available whenever the next while happens. Overall a Gr8 li'l place!!
5	I go here about once a week and I always get the Chicken Apollo. They're feta cheese in this chicken sandwich is really good. The dressing is awesome too.
5	I was introduced to this place by my boyfriend. It's a small, family run restaurant that has been in the neighborhood for decades. Have been coming here for years now and have never had anything remotely bad. The spanakopita is to die for! The gyro plate is my favorite. Their soups are great. Their pitas are homemade. The baklava....mmmmm!
5	Best Greek food in Arizona.  The owners are Greek so the food is authentic. Family owned.  I love the chicken soulvaki. I usually get the greek salad with chicken. The pita bread is homemade.  I've been coming here for about 15yrs and even though it isn't the fanciest place I've never had a bad meal. I do let my friends know that the owners/servers aren't being rude they're just busy.(they can seem a bit short at times) went for about 3yrs and then realized they are super if you talk to them. Can't say enough good things about this place. If you like good food you'll love this place.
5	Best Greek food on the West Side of town. I really like the soup and cheese appetizer.  This is the a little place hidden in a strip mall but a hidden jewel.
3	Was dragged here by a friend who was a friend of the owner, quaint little place with a intimate setting. The owner herself served us and the reason why I gave it 3 stars was because she was out of basically all the things I wanted to try (Thursday night) the food I did get to try was excellent (Domathas (sp?) was incredible). Will try one more time.
