5	OPA! is cordial, and cozy, and kinda magical.As I've stated in previous reviews....I HEART GREEK FOOD!!!!  That, and the concept of Greek hospitality and family.  You get a sense of that as soon as you are seated in OPA!I had the lamb and a nice serving of these wonderfully seasoned baked potato wedges....MMMMMM, so good.  My mouth is watering as I type. Now for my other soap box......some places you go it seems the art of the cocktail is dead.  What an odd concept in a town that probably pours the most spirits hourly in this hemisphere.  However, the bartender at OPA! knows how to hand pour a perfect cocktail.  The two things that tends to be the glue of a fine dining establishment...great food and great drink.  A wonderful experience.  Highly recommended to anyone who loves Mediterranean recipes or any one ready for a new treat.
5	I love greek food but since I've visited this restaurant I love even more.Homemade pita,bread this are the magic words for me and all this u can find here ,everything here taste homemadeand fresh,grilled chicken is amazing .The service is very attentive and kind if anybody says othervise is lying and the problem is with them.I will go back there anytime I can and I suggest that always 2 everybody :)
5	Now before you read further let me tell you I ate there a million years ago (probably 4 years ago to be more accurate) and the food was WONDERFUL!!!!!  I loved it so much that I still think about how delish it was and compare all Greek food to that one amazing experience.  Now what does that say?  I ate there over 4 years ago but it was so good that I still think about it and decided to review it.  Hummm....don't really remember exactly what I had.....lamb I think but I did taste everyone's food at our table and remember it was all yumtastic!  Now, I can't say this review is still accurate....it has been soooo long but I do want to go back the next time I am in Vegas.
2	Ehh way over priced i don't mind paying for food that's worth it but not that place i don't know if Avon T was drunk when she went there but she looks like the type that would eat at Denny's and write a review lol
3	I've always passed this restaurant on my way home from work and have wanted to try it out. The staff was friendly and my drinks were refilled quickly. I always base good service on how full my glass is. I'm a heavy drinker (water that is).The food was good but a little over priced as some reviewers stated and the decor is average.  I'll definitely return for a second helping.
4	As others have mentioned.. service at this place can't be beat. Your soda is a ripoff at $3, but at least it's refilled quickly! As for the food... I did try a very non-Greek dish as I was pretending to eat healthy (grilled chicken). It was tasty, but at the end of the day it was just grilled chicken! The reason why they are getting 3 stars instead of 4 was the Greek salad. It seems all dishes come with this, and wow was it good! I'm a Greek salad fan, and this one was one of the best I've had. Minimal olives.. loads of feta.. and the feta was perfectly crumbled as to make every bite fetalicious! The dressing they used rocked too. Loved the salad so much. They served warm rolls with lunch too. I wish they served pita bread or something more "greek", but the rolls were yummy. I'll write an update on these guys once I go back and eat something more "greek" rather than grilled chicken. My dining companion tried the stuffed cabbage leaves. I stole a bite and they seemed really yummy and she cleared her plate!
5	This restaurant is a GEM!  Service was spectacular and the food was terrific. Based on Yelp review, I ordered the Traditional Greek Salad.  Absolutely fantastic - light dressing, HUGE size and totally delicious.  I strongly suggest going when they have their live entertainment.  Beyond my expectations.  We were treated like valued guests.  Try the spanokopita - it's delicious.   Belly dancing and live music with incredible singers.  What a delight.
2	The only thing that shined was the creamy hummus and the tzatziki.  The chicken and steak kabobs seemed dry and the greek lasagna too soggy.  however, the dolmades and spanokopita were great.Conclusion:  Maybe I expected better because someone greek recommended over Market Grille Cafe, but it was not worth definitely not worth it for the price we paid.  The only other plus was that the service was pretty attentive.
3	This is my 3rd visit to this restaurant in about 5 years .My sister was going to be in vegas w/hubby and daughter and said be here or be square so my wife and i drove up from az because i did'nt want to be any squarer then i am. I sugested this place remembering the last 2 visits. Last nights visit,the food was good the service was very good and the ambience was fun as well .  the humus was a little pasty tasting i thought , the chilled octopus was not very chilled my musaka was good as well and my wifes dinner was tasty spano ,dolmathes, potatos,vegies all good.
5	The thinly-sliced beef was sooo good, I ate mine and everybody else's. The best thing on the menu was the belly dancer with her big boobs. I liked to stare at them, especially when she came to our table.
4	On my trips to Vegas, I usually don't ever get off the Strip, so I was pretty excited to go to a restaurant in a completely foreign side of town. My friends and I arrived at 5pm to find the restaurant empty except for one other table. The decor is sorta cheesy with the familiar blue and white of the Greek flag everywhere and the murals of Greece painted on the walls.We were immediately greeted by the waiter who had a thick Greek accent. I don't know why but I always find it comforting when I go to an ethnic restaurant and find that the waitstaff has the corresponding accent. It gives me false security that the food will be authentic. In this case, the security was warranted because the food was really good. I ordered the chicken kabob and it was well spiced and juicy. I tried a bit of the other dishes that were ordered and they were all average to solid, the winner being the grilled pork chops. I especially like that the dishes are served with potatoes and other assorted vegetables.The prices are bit exorbitant (about $15 and up for mains and $3 for a soda) but the service and food are well worth it.
4	Bomb food. The lamb in tomato sauce that I had was tender as hell and was falling off the bone. I'm craving it right now because I have food poisoning and can only eat bread, rice, and bananas. The service was awesome, too. Made you feel like you were a guest in their house. That's always the best kind if you ask me.
5	Absolutely Wonderful! Tonight was my first time but definitely won't be my last visit. I recommend Opa! to everyone in Las Vegas for authentic Greek food, and atmosphere from the music to the interior design. Two big thumbs up for Opa!I recommend the Kota and Saganaki (Cheese that is lit on fire at your table) My favorite? The lemon potatoes!Excellent service. Looking forward to my next visit already.
5	I went to Opa for lunch today- and it exceeded my expectations.  The ambiance is typical for a Greek restaurant in the US- blue and white theme.  Authentic Greek music playing- and the staff was very friendly, attentive and quick.I had kefethakia (Greek meatballs) and a horiatiki salad.  The keftethakia are my test food for Greek restaurants and they were excellent! The other person with me had the gyros plate- and they really enjoyed the lemon potatoes.Loved being able to order a Frappe too- authentic style.I'll definitely be back!
5	What a fantastic place. We went with our daughters. Enjoyed a great meal, excellent food, excellent service, and then the best part.. A wonderfull belly dancer, and then a singer that had all the kids out on the dance floor. Hands down, the best place for a special occasion, or just to enjoy time with your family. I highly reccommend this place, and the gyro plate.
5	Some places are worth going back too, and then  there are places that are worth making yourself a regular.  Opa is a place were you make yourself a regular.  Opa is in a plaza just like any other place but the food is not like any other place.  I had the Hummus for appetizer and it was delicious.  For the main course I had the Gyro place, and to say the least it was Incredible.  The meat is a beef and lamb mix, but to tell you the truth it does not matte what the meat is, because it is well seasoned and tender.  Anything will taste great the way they prepare it.  I loved everything about this place can't wait to go back.  Do yourself a favor and go to Opa not just for the fact it's a ethnic Greek place, but for the fact that the food is great.
4	Went here for lunch today with a local who had never been there. Not a real good sign for me as she's also a chef that works in the nicer hotels.I called while in the car and asked if they have avgolemono soup and the guy answered me, ''Pos den exoume?'' (How can we not have?). Perfect answer.When you walk in the door, it's a bit dingy looking, like a NY restaurant that isn't very busy.  First impression wasn't so great. It's not that it's the worst looking place I've been to but definetly not the best. The waiter was great. Spoke Greek and almost perfectEnglish. Was happy to have a Greek in there as I'm certain, other than the other restauranteurs, there can't be too many Greeks here.Sitting down, the place was very clean, the table was very well set and they even had cloth napkins!!!!!We started with the tzatziki and taramosalata. He was nice enough to give us a plate of half and half. The taramosalata as really good, just thick enough and creamy at the same time. The tzatziki though, even though it had a crisp, fresh taste, was much too watery for my liking.Next was avgolemono soup. It was great. Just right, not too thick, not too watery. Little pieces of breast spread out evenly.On deck, calamari. These were some of the best I've ever had and in Vegas, of all places. Lightly breaded, soft pieces of squid, not too greasy, just perfect.I had pastichio and she had a beef kabob platter as main dishes. Mine was really good, just a little dry but that's just my taste. I like the bechamel melting everywhere but no biggie. They had green beans on the plate that were just like Mama's, soaked in oil and tomato sauce with small bits of onions and peppers mixed in. The potatoes on the plate were okay but unnecessary with all the pasta already there. The piece was quite large as well. She said the beef kabob was great and she had 3-4 pieces of large beef with the aformentioned green beans and potatoes.Overall, a great dining experience where I had very low expectations. I was glad to see that there were no slot machines in the restaurant as well. I think even the toilets have them here.When in Vegas, look this place up to get away from all the clang clang of everywhere you go.
5	Best Greek Restaurant in town!!
1	I was very excited to see what looked like a fairly authentic greek restaurant- since it's something a bit hard to find in my home town in Tennessee.  I read the reviews on this site and decided to drag my husband and our friends there tonight.  Overall the food was okay, but not spectacular.   I worked at an excellent greek restaurant when I was in college and I had high expectations that were defineately not met at Opa. The real low point was the very condescending and rude server who tended to disappear for long periods of time.  He only had one other table, so we knew it was not out of necessity.  Still, we were left sitting with empty beverages and dishes piled up to our elbows.  Since I was traveling for my job, I requested a separate check when we first ordered.  He brought one check.  Absolutely terrible service.  Who knows...maybe it's because we are not greek. I definately would not return and would not recommend it to anyone.
4	This place has a classy ambiance that's a step above the typical greek restaurant that turns out to be a "charming"ly cheap greek diner. Real tablecloths and cool murals of Santorini and beaches clash with a karaoke setup that makes you think about dancing in Mykonos. Something about this place just makes me smile and unwind, even sans vino. Had the pork shishkabob: juicy and perfectly tender. It was paired with great seasoned veggies and a potato side--both impeccable. Finished off with the custard dessert: delicious, perfect honey layer on top. Our cute russian waiter was very helpful. Con: I couldn't figure out if their gyro "lamb-beef" meat is cooked on skewers(and not processed crap) so I was afraid to order the gyro--my Greek mainstay back in authentico NY or visits to Greece, where gyros are either lamb OR beef. My coworker had the bean soup, but didn't care for it(but, seriously, what a boring choice!). I didn't really feel this place out for the classics, moussaka/baklava, etc, but I'll definitely be back to explore.
2	Searching for a good Greek place and discovering that the Fat Greek is closed on Sundays, we ended up here.  There were not many people in the restaurant when we arrived.  We ordered the saganaki (flaming cheese) as an appetizer.  They do the "OPA!" thing when they set it on fire, which is cute.  But it was just like eating a block of slightly warm cheese.  I guess I expected it to melt more. I got the moussaka and my husband got the gyros plate.  The moussaka was pretty good.  The potatoes that came with each dish were excellent.  Nicely cooked with a lemon sauce.  The gyros were a little dry.  The gyros plate comes with pita but it's buried under the gyros, which I found kind of odd. The main issue came up when we tried to get the check.  A group of six men came in during our meal.  The manager fawned all over them.  And then we could not get the time of day from any of the servers or the manager for a good 20 minutes.  There were only 4 tables total seated in the whole restaurant.  The check is not that difficult, is it? Mediocre Greek food and easily distracted service.
5	CAN YOU SAY MULTIPLE MOUTH ORGASMS? AN EXPLOSION OF FLAVORS AT IT'S BEST. IN MY GLORY! Wow, I had the pleasure of dining at Opa, when my wonderful friend Ruth from Greece invited us all out. Her hubby is Greek so they know great Greek food and she was right about this restaurant! I showed up early at the restaurant since I live so close. I informed the host I was there for a reservation of a party of others I was meeting, he looked and saw my friend's reservation and said fantastic and led me to the bar for a drink on the house! Yes a free drink while waiting for the rest of my party to show! Mmmm was an awesome long island. A really nice touch! Ok so everyone shows and she ordered our table several items from the menu to try. The service was fantastic, there were six of us dining and we were treated like royalty I must say! The belly dancer was awesome! She danced with me a few times, pulled me to the mini dance floor area. Was soooo fun! I was in my glory, a true happy place while feasting on such insanely great food. I was eating, and moaning, and drinking and eating and moaning, not even paying attention to my friend's at the table chit chatting away. It was just me myself and my plate that were all that existed in that moment in time. The oven lemon herb potatoes included with the meal were delicious...! I had the best fried calamari i have had in my life, honestly. All must try's as we did! APPETIZERS WE STARTED OFF WITH! FAMOUS "OPA" FLAMING SAGANAKI BAKED KEFALOGRAVIERA CHEESE SHRIMP SCAMPI GREEK STYLE WITH GARLIC HERBS & SPICES. PAN FRIED CALAMARI TENDER SQUID IS LIGHTLY FRIED & SERVED WITH OUR ZESTY HOMEMADE COCKTAIL SAUCE. DOLMADES GRAPE LEAVES STUFED WITH RICE, GROUND MEAT & HERBS. ATHENIAN TRADITIONAL SALAD A FINE SELECTION OF MIXED LETTUCE, CUCUMBERS, TOMATOES, & FETA CHEESE, BLENDED IN OLIVE OIL & VINEGAR. I ordered from the combination dinner menu so that I could try two things! Yummy! ENTREES INCLUDE, OVEN POTATOES & VEGETABLES. GYROS BEEF WITH LAMB PASTITSIO GREEK LASAGNA
5	My girlfriend took me here and ordered the octopus and some other randomness.  I wasn't sure what to do, but upon trying it, AMAZING.  Really good food here, and I cant wait to go back
5	2nd visit...still holds at 5 stars!!!!!!Wow this time just as memorable as the first visit!Once again I was in a special happy place truly enjoying the ambiance, great company, food, belly dancer, Greek singer and band playing wonderful music all evening. I even did some dancing, had a blast. We had a lot of food as we were a party of 8 this time.Famous "OPA" Flaming Saganaki Baked Kefalograviera cheese, we ordered three of these appetizers then ordered three more! Yummy!Hummus and pita breadAthenian Traditional Salad - A fine selection of mixed lettuce, feta cheese, blended in olive oil & vinegar.I ordered the combination plate- Roast leg of lamb, mousaka, dolmades, meatballs, vegetables & potatoes.Delicious..what a treat!I truly love this Restaurant and I thank my good friend Ruth for giving me the opportunity to enjoy such a pleasure!
4	Awesome Service, Awesome Food, Great Music!  We love this place!
3	Gyro ok but not great a little on the dry side and Swimming in greeseChicken ok as well but agian on the dry sideVeggies were great and potatoes were well season in lemon
2	Not sure how people are giving 5 stars for this place. We were there 3 months ago and thought it was awful.  The food was horrible and not up to standards.  They need to fire the Chef/owner and get another.  I had much better Greek food and felt this place put no care into the quality or taste of what they served.   Don't waste your hard worked money to eat at this restaurant.Where is "Gordon Ramsay", this place needs HELP!
3	I had the lamb, flaming cheese thing and the baklava.  Nothing was really bad but it wasn't great.  The lamb was pretty good and the potatoes were really good.  The flaming cheese wasn't the best I've had but it was good.The service was great.  They're very attentive and pretty fast.  When I was there, only 4 tables had customers so that's a barometer I usually use but it was a Sunday night near closing time.
2	Food was decent. Waiter was attentive. Music was a bit loud and I did not appreciate the people smoking cigars while I ate. I am sure its because they were "making it rain" on the band performing. This restaurant would get 4 stars if it weren't for the cigar and cigarette smoke, which I think is against health code now. Probably won't go back unless it is to-go.
1	My sister and I went to dinner on a Friday night around 8 and there were only 3 other tables with diners besides ours. Not a good sign, but we stuck it through. We should have gone with our initial assessment because we found it over-priced and boring. The Wait-staff was completely disinterested in us (i think she only had 2 other tables), pretty slow, and the food was just OK. Nothing fancy, no amazing plating, no super portions, just some food slapped on your plate like you get at home. The Decor was fine (pretty usual "Big-fat-greek-wedding" style of decor), there were cloth tablecloths and napkins, and the karioke music was cheerful overhead. But all this was somehow more than the food and service deserved. i was also really dissapointed that they were so dead because i was hoping for some dancing with other guests or even, best case senario, a bellydancer, (they have a picture of one on their site so I was excited) but nada.  We had 1 bowl of the lemon soup, an order of the spinach turn-overs, main entrees were a chicken kabob plate (dry) and a veggie plate. My sister wanted the custard dessert, but we decided it would take too long and probably not be that good. Grand total: $60+ and an hour I'll never get back
5	Being a Greek and knowing what Greek food should taste like, this is as close to a home cooked Greek meal in Las Vegas as I can get.  Great food. Great entertainment.
5	I visit OPA a couple times per month, mainly for lunch. I am not sure why this place is not packed at lunch, as it should have a line out the door! Recently, OPA introduced a wonderful lunch menu with meals starting at 5.99. For six bucks you can enjoy a wonderful gyro with fries. If you purchase the same meal at a fast food place, it is not as good and about 5 bucks more. OPA has a great Athenian salad, friendly staff and great food. I went once for dinner, it was equally as great. This place is a keeper
1	I used to go to Opa every week, but I heard it was under new management.  I was sad to hear that but decided to try it by taking a friend of mine to lunch.  I raved about it prior, but I spoke too soon.  The service was slow and inconsistent.  We both ordered the gyro sandwiches which it clearly states on the menu that it's $1.50 extra to add a soup or salad.  It already comes with fries.  I ordered the greek salad, but it was more like a village salad.  Not like before when it came with a great small greek salad with lettuce, tomatoes, olives and feta.  The pita bread is no longer hot pita bread, but cold dinner rolls.  The gyro was too salty and the yogurt sauce was a salt lick.  At the end of our meal, I was charged $7.00 for the salad.  After I pointed it out on the menu, nothing was done.  Our server just said I ordered incorrectly.  Huh?  My friend was charged $4.00 for his lemon soup instead of a $1.50.  We will not be back, guess I will have to go up the road to Hedary's or Mad Greek.  Get it together Opa, I did not want to break my plate after this meal.
1	Just got home from Opa and already writing a review... for a reason.  I don't appreciate the way I was treated this evening.  I came into Opa after purchasing a Groupon back in November.  After leaving a 12-hour day at work I had forgotten to print the Groupon, but of course I still pulled it up on my phone.  When the waiter came over to get the Groupon information he had another girl help him out... I handed the girl my Blackberry after pressing "Use Groupon" and the screen came up with a bar code and code written underneath.  The girl held my phone for a good minute and said "I don't know what happened, it just went back to the main screen."  My Groupon had been marked as used, which is what she intended to do... Then she told me she needed proof that it was marked as used this evening.  I went back to the "redeemed" Groupons and showed her, but of course there was no date next to it.  After explaining to her that she had hit marked as used and I had brought up the bar code for her she refused to take it, and walked behind the bar to make drinks for another table.  When I turned around and looked at her she was defensively bitching to the staff about me as if I had been rude, when all I was trying to do was show her the "redeemed" Groupons that I had.  I finally told them to forget it that we would pay full price and I would take it up with Groupon tomorrow to get my money back.  What a hassle after such a LONG day.  You'd think after all that they would at least comp us a dessert or glass of wine.    SO: 2 glasses of house wine, which were less than mediocre.. a "combination plate" which was also less than mediocre, and a plate of lamb and potatos... which was also less than mediocre.  I would not rave about one thing about this place, I didn't enjoy a second of it.  (Not to mention, all of these less than mediocre items cost us a total of $75... I wouldn't have paid $30 for this awful experience) On top of the less than mediocre food, the waitress that was bitching about me and my Groupon circled our table, wouldn't make eye contact with me or my boyfriend, and had an awful look on her face.  Because of the Groupon situation she didn't refill our water until after our plates had been cleared!   I felt as if I was being mistreated and accused of LYING and trying to use a Groupon twice.  I wouldn't even go back to this place if they offered me a free meal because of this stupid situation.  The dinner was uncomfortable for the entire hour we were there and it wasn't even good.  Then right before we got the bill this awkward belly dancer came to our table and danced for us... Not gonna lie, she was also less than mediocre. AWFUL. AWKWARD. UNCOMFORTABLE. NOT WORTH THE MONEY!!
5	Ah, what the hell. It's four stars in NYC, but five here. I love this restaurant, the food is wonderful, the music great, albeit a bit loud at times, prices moderate and service couldn't be better. Virtually everything on the menu is quite good. Sylvia W had lunch there and I'll have to try that, as I've only had dinner. There were four of us last night and it ran about 150 for all, and we ate everything available it seemed, including a drink.
1	Let me begin with the food. HORRIBLE. My date asked the waiter to give her the most popular dish on the menu. He comes back with a Leg of Lamb. My date is 115 lbs. and the leg was the size of a basketball. Was he serious? I dont believe this big leg of lamb is the most popular dish for women. It tasted like a dead carcass. We took one bite of the leg and didn't eat it. They didn't bother to ask if anything was wrong or offered to take it off the bill. You can obviously tell my date is upset and yet they ignored her and sent us the check. The service here is atrocious. We took that leg and tried to feed it to my pitbull. She sniffed it a couple times and walked away. Goes to show their food can't even get a hungry dog to take a bite. Avoid this place like the plague.
5	Every time I have gone to Opa its been amazing. I enjoy the staff and food. The red Greek wine was amazing also. Which was recommended by the server. I live in Cali but I will always come to Opa for good food,music ,service and the whole experience!
5	I was in Vegas with my bf looking at neighborhoods (we are both from out of state) and we dropped in during lunch time. My bf is Greek, fluent in the language and experienced with the food. We walked in and without looking at the menu, my bf ordered several dishes that he remembered from his childhood. They had it all! I don't remember the names but we had an octopus, cheese thing, greek salad, tsaziki...or something like that, lamb, and dolmathes. Everything was STELLAR. the service was excellent, the staff was so warm and friendly. My bf who always talks about his own mothers cooking all the time said that she would even love this place. We will definitely be coming back here when we move here. Try the octopus! The texture was nothing like I ever had before and the taste was out of this world
5	My wife and I eat out three times per week, and the grilled chicked at Opa is one of my favorite dishes in Las Vegas.The potatos and veggies that come with it are sublime as well.
5	I love this place! The food is always delicious, the portion sizes just right, and I never feel rushed here. Saturday night is my favorite with the live music and the belly dancer. Every time I've been here, I feel like family. I recommend coming with good friends who enjoy sharing Greek wine and food. The flaming cheese is fun, decadent and starts the meal off right. And a special shout out to Ted the waiter. His recommendations were spot on and he helped us to enjoy the evening at the table for 3 hours with plenty of ouzo!
4	First time going to Opa!, which is sort of a shame considering it's so close to my work.  The 3.5 star average sort of tempered my interest too oddly enough.  I mean 3.5 is pretty favorable, but some strange mental tick in me has me severely favor those that get 4s and 5s over a 3.5.   Well let me say that I'm very glad I tried Opa! anyhow, because it's a WHOLE .5 of a star better than 3.5 to me!My friend at work told me he wanted the Market Priced Porgy fish lunch entree which I'd never even heard of, and I was going to go with the Salmon.  When I asked about the Porgy the woman on the phone recommended not ordering it for takeout because she said it was better "very hot"  I appreciated what I assume was truthfulness and in saving my friend probably $150 for a lunch fish (Pro tip: never trust "market price")   ANYWAY.  Went with two Salmon entrees instead.  The woman on the phone was very nice, but she never took my name or announced how long it would take.   Sure I could have asked for that info but I didn't so that was a little confusing.   Because of that I got there with plenty of time to spare before the salmon was ready, though the employees were very nice and updated me at multiple times about the order.   Finally getting the food and back to my office, I was pleased to open up the takeout box to find a very healthy piece of salmon, what appeared to be a nearly whole baked potato sliced in half, and a giant piece of broccoli and some other assorted veggies.  It was all covered in a nice lemon/olive oil sauce.  Along with each order came two hot and tasty pieces of bread wrapped in foil.   The meal was a delight.   The salmon was perfectly cooked, and though the sauce was a little oily in texture, it tasted great.  The potato and broccoli were also cooked to my liking and the bread was some of the best bread-like substance (e.g., pita, etc) I've ever received take out from any restaurant.It's very comparable to Hedary's Tilapia lunch special but I have to give the nod to Hedary's overall as it's slightly cheaper ($13 to Opa!'s $14) and comes with more (free soup or salad).   If I'm ever craving Salmon over Tilapia though it's nice Opa! can satisfy my cravings.  PS.  WHERE ON EARTH IS THE ! IN THE NAME OF THE RESTAURANT FOR THE YELP LISTING?
5	We absolutely loved this place. Inside the folks working were very warm and attentive. The live music was good, and the singing was incredible, and folks were dancing, clapping and singing along. Now onto the food! Although I couldn't possibly hope to correctly spell the names of the dishes we ate, my party of 3 split several appetizers and a couple of entrees. They are apparently famous for a dish of flaming cheese, which was incredible. The grape leaves stuffed with rice and a spicy meat were also a party favorite and the gyros were perfect, not too oily as lamb can sometimes be. Best yogurt sauce I've ever had. All of us loved all of the food; it was very quality for the price, the 3 of us shared more food than we could finish and drinks for 55$-- not too bad!
5	Opa is always a great experience including this last recent 3rd visit for dinner with friends.Belly Dancer...Live music...Great food...Fun atmosphere...We ate a lot this visit as we had a party of 12 (6 couples) this time.What we ordered...Tzatziki- A creamy yogurt-cucumber-garlic spread flavored with lemon & pepper.Saganaki-"OPA's Famous Flaming Saganaki" baked kefalograviera cheese.Dolmades-Grape leaves stuffed with rice, ground meat & herbs.Calamari-Tender Squid Lightly breaded and pan fried served with zesty cocktail sauce.Horiatiki Village Salad-Tomatoes, cucumbers, onions, bell peppers, feta cheese & greek olives.Gyros Plate-Slices of beef & lamb seasoned with herbs and spices.Baklava-Greek dessert of honey,& nuts all blended together in delicious filo pastry layers.Bottle of red wine.Long island iced tea, nice and stiff!
1	Absolutely horrible. We came because we had a groupon that had expired but they said they would still take it for the price I paid for it. After calling TWICE to confirm that groupon information was correct, we decided to go with a friend. I don't know how this place got this many stars because it is the WORST experience that I have had at any restaurant in Vegas. We first walked in to a dark, over decorated restaurant that's ambience was about as great as a funeral home. They had one window open allowing some sun in, which was adding some nice color to the restaurant; until they pulled the thick, old drapes over the window. We ordered soda and a few meals. They brought out bread (which I think they got from Vons and put in the microwave to seem fresh made) and a "greek salad" which consisted of iceberg lettuce and cheap feta cheese.Half way through the salad an overweight, sloppy looking waiter (with a stained shirt) came out to let us know they weren't going to honor what they had said over the phone "because the busser answered the phone and gave you the wrong information". I asked to speak with the manager and he never showed up but offered "20% off the bill". That would never be enough to redeem a DISGUSTING restaurant. I would never recommend this place to anyone. Im all about support small local businesses, but when they cheat and scam customers, they don't deserve have their doors open. I can not say it enoughDO.NOT.EAT.HERE.
4	The Greek food here is so goood! Grilled octopus, saganaki, avgolemono soup, Greek salad, and a gyro is what I usually get. For drink I usually get a mythos and a shot of ouzo. Probably a little overboard but I don't go here that often since it is a little pricey so I like to do it up I go. Friday nights are fun there too, have live music and Greek dancing. Being Greek myself, I wish I could indulge in eating in the leg of lamb or the beef but I can't eat much red meat - BUT I have been there with friends on many occasion that have ordered that and it always looks amazing and they always tell me how delicious it is.
5	Found this place through Google - looking for Flaming Cheese!  Very Good Flaming Cheese.  Nice little family run restaurant, table clothes, band, belly dancer and good food!  I will be back for sure next time I am in town.  Worth the trip!
1	I really didn't like the food in here I preffer mad Greek cafe down the street by McDonald they have the best gyro in town
1	Service was good but the food sucked. Chicken was way too salty so sent it back decided to get dolmades. They came out water logged. Yelp reviews were good for this place maybe their chef is just off today.
5	My husband and I were craving gyros so we stopped by for lunch with our son, it was quiet and empty when we first stepped in, there were only two mean having lunch as well so we were a bit worried, we ordered the lamb and beef gyros, loved their Tzatziki, compared to most places, it was the best! Next time we're in the neighborhood we'll give some of their other plates a try!
5	This was a great "accidental" find.  We were driving around looking for a place and my wife caught eye of Opa.  Not one to turn down Greek food, I turned in and came into the typical, faux-Greek decor, all that was missing was the obligatory fake grapes hanging from the ceiling.After reading the extensive menu, which reminded me of something printed by an old mimeograph machine, we sat and waited for our meal, roast lamb and spanikopita.  As we waited we were cared for by the staff who were not overly friendly, but pleasant and polite.  The rolls were hot and crisp and just the way we like them and the homemade salad was fresh and tasty.  Finally, the wait ended and we got our main course.  It wasn't fancy by any means, it seemed more home style and homemade, which to us was a good thing.  In fact, it seemed like we had been invited into a Greek home, by a Greek family to partake in their home cooked dinner.  It was delicious.  We both had green beans that were wonderful and potatoes that were just like a Greek mamma would make them (though the lemon flavor was a bit too tart for my wife, I really liked the roasted lemon flavor of the potato).  My wife had the Spanikopita and it was crisp and favorable with just the right mix or spinach and feta  and the filo dough was flakey and lovely.  I had the roast lamb, and it seemed that it had been lovingly cooked all day.  It was moist, tender and oh so very, very good!.We had coffee and a Greek dessert which I really don't know what it was called, but it was flaked filo, with nuts, honey, custard and whipped cream, mmmmm, just right.  (I will admit, I am kind of a coffee snob, and so the weak diner style Cafe Americana disappointed me a bit).  There was live music at  8 pm and we enjoyed the band of two for a few songs before we called it a night.Next time I am hungry for Greek food, I have no questions as to where I will point the car...to the corner of Rainbow & Sahara and Opa Restaurant!  Yum, yum, A+, OPA!
4	Opa was a great choice for dinner, the check in special on Yelp got us a complimentary app ( something that involves flaming cheese, literally) our waiter even let my girlfriend make her own gyro plate even though they usually only offer it for lunch.The grape leaves and spanacopita were great, but the glactaburica tasted like it could have come from a box.Overall pretty good food for the price, would def recommend to anyone looking for some good Greek food in Vegas.
1	The entire meal was disappointing.  We went on a Sunday night.  The waitress was clueless and very un-service oriented.  She didn't know the dishes or what they had or not.  It seemed like everything we ordered off the menu, was not available that night.  The calamari was so tough we couldn't chew it and it smelled extremely fishy.  The grape leaves were tough.  The green beans that were served with my salmon were so soggy, it seemed like they had been cooking for days.  The sauce on my salmon was lumpy and cold.  The potatoes were cold and over spiced.   I think I ate two bites of my dinner.   I doubt if I will ever return it was so bad.
4	We went there for my moms birthday. Friday night with a party of 8. The "flaming cheese" appetizer is great! Dinner was good and reasonably priced. Everyone enjoyed their meal. Service was good, very attentive. Although they did get a few of our drinks wrong but corrected them immediately. Belly dancing and live music was very entertaining.  We will be back for more good times!!
5	Just happened to stop by and LOVED this place, wish it was where I live!! Highly suggest!!
4	Greek food is as good as any other Greek restaurant that I've ever been too.  Service is just lacking.  Takes forever for them to bring the check to the table and it's not even busy.
1	Been this place a few times before. It was good, not great... But the experience that we had on Easter night, shows that this place doesn't worth it. Do yourself a favor, stay away from it.... Food was disgusting and service....how can I say it, McDonalds is fine dining, comparing to this place.
3	I drove by there yesterday and there is a new sign on the building they renamed it Plaka
