5	Watch out for the wine angel. Another winner from Charlie Palmer.
5	Wine wall to heaven.Stunning display of wine and food, and the pairings will arouse your senses. Make it a point to have dinner here to truly understand what these first two reviews are speaking of. It's a true dining jewel in the land of glitter.
5	I went to Las Vegas for a best friend from high school's 21st. The problem is our alway opposite side of the spectrum taste finally took form when I went to San Francisco and she went to Chico. When I realized her birthday dream was going to be about grabbing a slice and walking around New York New York marvelling about how it was sort of like the real thing. I took off and decided to live it up for her. One of the places I found myself was at Aureole's lower bar. Three really handsome men approached me and asked if they could buy me a drink. "Each?" And before I thanked my lucky stars I tried to explain to them I wasn't in the service industry, because they might have had the wrong idea. By the time I finished that song and dance in a way as to not cause embarassment for any of us, their table was ready. And they asked if instead of a drink, I could join them for dinner. "Why not?" The food was incredible. Those three were there for a bachelor party, figuring why not just keep the group small and go really big. I became a mascot. They ordered every dessert on the menu, incredible wines, and were eyed with curiousity by the rest of the patrons. I was set up to steal the 5 inch ring binder that carries their list. I failed at that. But not at getting us into Rum Jungle later that night. Those crazy Canadians, saved my best friends birthday. Oh yeah, moral is: Love thy neighbor, but make sure they know up front you are not a working girl in a really polite way so that they still want to take you to dinner.
3	A sight worth seeing... a place not worth remembering for the food.
4	The wine-angel ala Mission Impossible act hanging from a wire within the wine chamber is intriguing....Interesting, after all, it's Vegas, baby! Anything can happen and only in Vegas.
3	I had high expectations of the food here after reading other reviews from various websites.  The food is good yet nothing really surprised me. I expected my taste buds to be wowed with flavor, but it feel short.  It was disappointing as I had been wanted to eat at Aureole for a while.
4	Aureole is a tough review to write.  On the one hand, the food and decor is absolutely fantastic.  A very cool and romantic room to have dinner in.  On the other, unless you've won some serious coin gambling and are just spending your own cash, be prepared to walk out of there with a slightly empty feeling, like - that was really good, but was it several hundred dollars for two good?As soon as you make your way through the casino to the door, you walk down a circular set of stairs around the most amazing collection of wine you will probably ever see.  I won't go on about this because others have mentioned it, but needless to say, it is indeed impressive.  (Guys, there is an elevator there that you should offer to bring your women down in - high heels and this stair case don't go so well together.)  Once we made it down, we were immediately seated. No table in the place seemed bad, although our table was positioned in such a way that one of us ended up sitting on the divider between two cushions, kind of like having to ride bitch in the back seat. Again, small nit, but one would think they would have considered such a thing in a meticulously designed space.We ordered the 7 course tasting menu but selected our own wine (which you order off an HP Tablet PC.)  The staff were helpful and attentive and not snobbish at all.  Even the wine professionals were courteous and un-assuming.  We probably dealt with at least 6 or 7 people throughout the evening, each of whom brought out different courses and explained what they were.  The food itself was fantastic; appropriately cooked, displayed beautifully, and tasteful.  Dessert left much to be desired however; I suppose that's a risk you take when you are at the discretion of the tasting menu instead of being able to pick out your absolute favorite.All in all Aureole was a great place to go and I would go back again, but there was just something missing from this place that won't let me give it 5 stars. The ultra-modern decor? The cushion thing? The dessert that was slightly off?  Having to drop multiple c-notes on a dinner?  I don't know - judge for yourself. It's worth the trip to Mandalay Bay but don't be surprised if you walk away asking yourself if it was really worth it.
5	This was the finest dining experience of my young life! My husband treated my sister and I to dinner here and were still talking about it. The service was so good it was almost too much as I'm not used to a waiter lurking around to sweep the crumbs up after we finished munching on bread. It made us feel kinda sloppy buy hey! The food came and was tiny and I was worried we'd end up at taco bell afterwards but it was very rich, and delicious. Tab came out to around $300 which was crazy but it was one of those once or twice in a lifetime experiences so it's all good!
5	My god. The tasting menu, people, the tasting menu!! Getting through the chef's tasting menu at Aureole is a two and a half hour adventure, better than any blue man de soleil could ever offer. The wine list and the wine angels are both heavenly, and Andrew Bradbury (the sommelier) is sure to find you something that fits every course. You haven't eaten in Vegas until you've tasted the perky Aureole.
3	Things have gone downhill in the past few years.
1	I may well be the one of the only people who did not like this place..Maybe because my expectations were so high...  But I went to Aureole in the Mandalay Bay in Vegas last Thursday evening and the service was horrible..  And food extremely disappointing..  Maybe it was an off night or something, but neither the food nor the service redeemed itself by the end of the night..  The Amuse was not so amusing..  Some cauliflower soup thing that had no wow factor whatsoever..  We both had the foie gras appetizer which had way too much going on and the flavors just did not do it for me..  I mean foie gras is foie gras..  I love it in any preparation, but c'mon now..  Then I had the Escolar, which is a fish that a adore!  Every time I have had it, it was so yummy and buttery and this time it was grilled, but completely overcooked and so dry and unseasoned it seemed..  I only had a couple bites and could not even bring myself to eat any more..  Yes, it was that bad..  MM had the Salmon and he let me try a bite of that and I thought 'Eh...'  I make better salmon than that...And what's the deal with that ridiculous electronic wine tablet!?!  I mean, what are they paying the Sommelier for?  We tried several times to have them get rid of it and they finally got it out of our way after saying so at least 3x...  So needless to say, the servers were extremely inattentive..For dessert we shared the Artisan Cheese plate and there 7 or 8 different cheeses and they plopped it down in front of us with no explanation of what they were..  We tried to get someone's attention..  Anyone.  Nothin..So we decided to just have a go at it and I tried to guess myself what cheese was what..  It was ridiculous..Finally after a long while, we flagged someone down and they were like..  'Your server did not explain your cheeses?'  'Uh, no, not at all...  Hello, a little attention here, please!..'To top it off that person, was rude as well..  Not to mention the fact that the servers were too busy cleaning up and putting chairs and tables away, that we felt like 'the door couldn't have hit us faster in the ass on the way out' to boot..Luckily the company was great, because the experience at Aureole was a complete disappointment..
2	This 2 star rating is an average of two visits . . .First visit:My birthday dinner.  My friends own a restaurant in Chicago - so they called ahead to let the staff know a table full of chefs were coming in for a b-day.  You know right there that we received an amazing menu, and top-notch service.  12 courses of completely phenomenal food - attention to detail was ridiculous, catering to my food allergies and my  friend's vegetarian lifestyle (which is expected at a place like Aureole, but they were above and beyond my expectations).  This was a 5-star visit - everything was absolutely PERFECT.Second visit:One year later.  I had my birthday dinner at Fleur de Lys (posted a review for that, as well).  The next night, my boyfriend and I decided to visit Aureole for dessert and wine.  It was not quite 10 pm when we arrived and were told unceremoniously by the hostess (before she even said hello) that they were closed.  I could see people still on beginning courses of their meals - so I knew that at least the pastry chef was still around.  We asked if we might sit at the bar and just have a dessert wine, she huffed and said "Fine."  The bar area was full but not crowded or hectic.  We were simply ignored by the bartender for several minutes - he finally came over and we asked what dessert wines, ports, etc. were available.  He said "just one" and poured 2 glasses, then left us alone again [he was not in the weeds, nor even close to busy enough to justify such treatment].  One dessert wine???  In all of Aureole?  Come on.  We caught his attention again and asked if we could still order dessert, he seemed surprised that we thought we couldn't (thanks hostess).  Dessert was fine, not spectacular, and we sat and watched every other bar patron receive better service than us.  I was so disappointed, we left quickly, wishing we had tried dessert somewhere else.Perfect example of why NOT to dismiss a young, well-dressed couple - we love food, I have worked in restaurants for years, and generally know what type of service/food I should get for my dollar.  This was a total disappointment, and I have told everyone I know to try other Vegas restaurants instead - this one has turned the corner from "perfect" to "pretentious".
3	Aureole was good, but not great, which in my book seems like a damn shame when you're dropping $300+ on a dinner. But, since we were in Vegas, and didn't feel like dining with the masses from Des Moines, we thought we'd have some fun and have a nice dinner to celebrate a great 2006. The PC tablet for the wine list is great in theory, but also sort of gimmicky, and we felt that ultimately the 10,000+ bottle wine selection was a bit overwhelming. Although the sommelier was helpful in narrowing down the choices, it definitely helped to have some knowledge of wine going in.  As for the meal itself, again, good, but not great. Nothing really jumps out at me as being a standout, and I can't even recall what I ate at this point. Contrast this to some of my 5-star restaurant experiences, and I can remember every last detail. Finally, but service seemed a bit schizo... we had at least three different waiters, all of whom would show up randomly throughout the meal. So... to sum it up, if you're looking for a unique dining experience in Vegas and love wine, then definitely try Aureole. Just make sure you kick ass at the tables beforehand, otherwise it's kind of a waste of $$.
4	I'm not sure I'd be willing to pay $75 for the prix fixe menu here, but this time around, a sales rep did it for us!The wine angels were cool to watch.  I kind of dug the pc wine tablet, but the battery died on our first one and wiped out our selections (making our NY sales rep rather cranky).  They quickly brought us another, but with all the options, we couldn't remember what we'd originally ordered.  The sommelier was quick to help us make new choices, and we were off!Amuse Bouche:  Sunchoke Soup - Delicious, but I thought it was kind of odd that they would bring a non veggie item for everyone to taste without announcing the vast amounts of bacon in it...  what if one of us had been a vegetarian??My Choices:  To Start  - French onion soup with foie gras and truffles AND puff pastry top....  ummm...  yummy!!!  Verrrrrry rich.  Honestly, I could have stopped there.  Main - Roasted rack of lamb (med/rare...leaning more towards rare) with nicoise olives, preserved tomato and braised flageolet beans... very happy with my dinner.  I love it when a dish comes to the table perfectly seasoned!J:  To Start  - Scallop trio which consisted of a truffle encrusted scallop, a scallop wonton, and scallop ceviche.  He snarfed it all down in record time (unlike his wine...which I was all too happy to help him with...  LIGHTWEIGHT)!  Main - Surf and Turf:  Braised short ribs and butter poached lobster.  He ate all of the ribs and lobster, but there was a little dish of some sort of seafood mousse that he did not enjoy at all.Sales rep:  To Start - Ahi Tuna Duo:  He said it was delicious.  There was tuna tartare over Comice pear chutney, and seared tuna with ginger and cilantro.  Main - Surf and Turf:  same result as J.The rep insisted on ordering a dessert while J continued to struggle with the 3 large glasses of wine he had accumulated...  Lydia to the rescue!!!  Unfortunately, this led to me being just drunk enough to let our equally inebriated sales rep spoon feed me some of the chocolate souffle.  Hmmmm...  only slightly humiliating!  Oops!All in all, I enjoyed my meal, and the service was excellent.
3	I have to agree, it's good but not great.  The wine tower is cool and I loved the handy electronic wine menu (an HP Tablet).  I could have played with that all day but then... I'm a wine dork.  Service was helpful, if a little pretentious...   they did get us out in time to catch our show, though, which was appreciated.  The sommelier we had (a vivacious blonde woman) seemed to enjoy her job and was helpful ... not snotty at all.    I liked her.They have a three course and a seven course menu.  We had the three course with a Champagne cocktail to start (I had the Champagne Negroni) which were quite good, even if they were totally overpriced at $21 a glass.  Unfortunately, the food was not up to par.   I had the Scallop Trio appetizer.  The scallop wonton was good but nothing special,  the truffle encrusted scallop was not at all encrusted... just a seared scallop sitting in a mysterious bland sauce... I tasted no truffle at all.   Finally, the ceviche spring roll was covered in some sort of creamy green sauce that didn't taste like much of anything.  Not spicy, not sweet, not savory.. just kind of nothingness.  Disappointing.   I would have liked the two hot items to have actually been hot, as well.  Meh.My friends Black Mission Fig and Roquefort Tart w/Serrano Ham was good.  I love that kind of combination of sweet, salty and rich.   However, I felt like it too could have been warmer.   For my main, I had the Organic Roast Chicken with Fricassee of Fingerling Potato and Pearl Onion, Truffle Infused Jus...   Sounds great huh..?  But no, not so much.  Just your average roast chicken...  I've had better elsewhere and again, I didn't taste any truffle.   Portion size was quite large and I ended up leaving more than half.   I guess some folks would appreciate that but I hate wasting food so it just made me sad.My friend had the Surf and Turf (braised beef short rib, butter poached Maine lobster, spinach mousseline) and while the short rib was rich, delicious and fall apart tender, she was disappointed by the beefy sauce that covered entire dish, including the lobster and hence, the lobster flavor. Her husbands Kobe beef special was also just okay, IMO.  I've had far better Kobe at Sent Sovi in Saratoga and the foie at Picasso was superior as well.  Not worth the extra price tag, IMO.Dessert was the cheese plate for me, which was good but featured nothing that I hadn't had before.  Some hard to find artisan cheeses would be nice.   My armagnac was great though.  A first for me, and now I'm corrupted forever. My friends lemon verbena creme brulee was very good.  Light in flavor and texture with a thin crust.  Really nice.  Overall I would go back for the entertainment value of the wine list but only if someone else was paying.  There's simply just better food to be had elsewhere in Vegas.  Sad to say.
5	My girlfriend and I decided to venture out of the Hard Rock Hotel for dinner and headed to Mandalay Bay's 'Aureole'. I had little knowledge of the restaurant, it's cuisine, layout, etc... except that it sat across from the China Grill and that it housed a multi-story wine cage/vault... (basically a large glass encased storage tower you might imagine would hold... government secrets, DNA, or some kind of supercomputer... in a James Bond/Austin Powers/Mission Impossible kind of scenario--- but in this case, it was wine.) We traversed down a seemingly endless set of stairs that wrapped around the cage and arrived at the bottom to be greeted by the host. She offered us seating in either the main floor or the Swan Court. We chose the Swan Court. It was much quieter, more intimate. We sat by a set of double-pane glass doors that looked out onto our own private patio area overlooking a small Swan-filled pond. The interior decor throughout was very simple, but modern-  lots of earthtones, glass, clean-lines and height. We were then handed a PC tablet listing their wine selection (impressive), by servers dressed in full suit & tie attire (odd). Combine the decor with the technology and the server attire, and you can see why it felt as though we were in GATTACA (and feeling slightly underdressed). Nonetheless, the servers were extremely attentive, professional and knowledgable about every aspect of the dining experience... So far we've gone from 2 choices (main room or the Swan Court) to 10,000 choices (wine) back to 2 choices... either the 7-course Chef's selection or a 2 course pre-fixe menu... we chose the 7-course to taste a bit of everything, even after being warned it might take as long as 2 hours to get through the meal. Three hours (and several $$$$$) later, I found myself pleased with the whole experience and highly recommend it for a special occassion or after winning big at the tables.
5	I went to Aureole for some after dinner drinks last weekend.  Being the Saturday night of a fight weekend, I was surprised at how easy it was for us to get a table at the bar.  It was a nice oasis from the crowds flooding the rest of Mandalay Bay.The wine tower they have is definitely worth a look.  It's a pretty neat system where the wine stewards get in a harness and have to zip up the side of the tower to get the bottles high up.  The tablet PC wine menu also gets them points for the fun factor for gadget geeks like me.We had a very good Australian grenache, and a few of their desserts.  Both the wine and food were excellent.I will say that the wine was EXPENSIVE.  There are not many bottles on their list that I would consider good deals (or even truly affordable for that matter) but the ambiance and service still merit this establishment five stars.
4	The geek and wine-lover in me adores this place:  They have a really extensive wine list, and best of all, they bring you a Tablet PC to use to find the wine that you want.  You can sort by any category, year, country, grape, etc.  if you order an expensive enough of a bottle, a "Wine Angel" repels down the side of the wine tower to bring your bottle.  Really cool.  Unfortunately, the $120 bottle we ordered wasn't enough to warrant any Wine Angel time. :)We came here rather late and decided to crash at the seating near the bar area.  Along with our wine we ordered off of the appetizer menu, but the food was quite good.  The rest of the menu looked a lot more expensive, but we were quite satisfied with the bar menu and walked out only $200 poorer including wine, tax, and tip.
2	I had dinner here on a Monday night with several colleages from Japan who were staying at Mandalay Bay.  I wasn't impressed by the food nor the service, which at this price point is important to me.  (Even tho I wasn't paying ;)We were seated right away, and the waiter did not clearly explain our dining options, leaving all of us confused.  We finally figured it out, and we all went with the $75 prix fix with a $15 upgrade for "Today's Special", an organic Australian filet mignon with foie gras, black truffle shavings, and morel mushrooms.  Well I should have known better, this "special" sounded like someone was trying too hard with fancy ingredients, and left me disappointed.The timing of our courses felt rushed, being asked several times if we were finished.  The courses were served without explanation, other than "this is really good, better than Kobe beef."  Hm, another warning sign.For desert I chose the assorted sorbets, which was served as 6 golf ball sized sorbets in a tray.  Nothing special here, someone missed the quality not quantity class.Aureole is all show, so don't go.  Walk in and check out the impressive wine tower, walk back out and go somewhere else for dinner.
3	I always feel perverted when I try to pronounce the name of this restaurant. You all know what I mean...Anywho, we had a decent dinner at Aureole. Maybe I've become a complete food snob living in the Bay Area, but nothing blew me away here. The restaurant itself is gorgeous, and the wine tower is amazing, but don't expect to see anyone launched up to retrieve a bottle unless you're prepared to spend a lot of money for wine. The computerized wine list was pretty cool. Food was ho-hum...nothing was very impressive. I don't think I'd go back at those prices.
4	Okay the ONLY reason why we wanted to check out this place was the Wine Angels!!!   What a great gimmick...  It got us to check out the place.  I must have to say I was pretty impressed with the food & their wine list.  I love the PC wine tablet...  So neat, why don't they have this in the Silicon Valley... ???   Any how, we ordered few bottles of wine and the seven course tasting menu.  Okay so it is bit expensive, but we don't eat like this every day so it was worth the $$$..
4	If you are one to be impressed by the "Go Big" mentality then Las Vegas is definitely the city for you! Besides maybe New York there is no other city in the county that can rival Las Vegas in this regard. So, it figures that when it comes to going big in the arena of wine Las Vegas should know how to take care of business! And that is exactly what they have done with Aureole at Mandalay Bay Resort & Casino.A Charlie Palmer restaurant, Aureole is second to none in the "Go Big" with wine category. After all, the first thing you notice when walking across the elevated catwalk and down the stairs just to get into the restaurant is the four story high wine tower! This skyscraper-like structure measures 14 feet square and holds approximately 9,865 bottles. And just to throw in a little Vegas theatrics they hoist "wine angels" up and down the tower plucking bottles of wine out of the sky for the enjoyment of their dinner guests.And if the larger than life wine tower weren't enough to catch your eye, then the digital wine list is sure to keep you captivated for hours on end. Search threw thousands of bottles within minutes by making a few quick taps to the screen on one of many Tablet PC's turned wine list floating around the dining room. Feel free to place your order digitally or maybe drop an email to the house. This compact machine is loaded with all kinds of techno-wine wizardry that could only be found in one place - Las Vegas baby!
5	So....Another hit during the annual girls' weekend at Vegas trip was Aureole.  You may have seen it on the Food Network Channel, they have a huge wine collection in a glass encased tower, and they have "angels" girls on harnesses to retrieve the bottles.Since it was our last night in Vegas, we decided, what the heck, let's try the Tasting Menu....Seven courses...we can handle that!The first course was a tuna tar tar, so different that the bluefin tuna at l'atelier...it was stacked on top of some sort of pear chutney....not really my favorite.  But the crab ravioli. God that was so good. Squab paired with pan seared froie gras.  God. so good.  The froie gras was so perfect. one of my eating companions had a near orgasm over it, much to the chagrin to the rest of the table.  But inwardly....yes, it was good.The filet mignon was seared to near perfection, and with the shepards pie.  yummy!  And with a bottle of nice red, the food kept getting better and better.  the dessert, not too found of. Sort of neat, as the Chef came out to the table and talked a little bit with us.  Nice guy, sort of quiet. Not the personality you would think that a Chef would have.  I've alwasy thought of kitchen industry to be a foul language, rough and tough gang, with tattoos, chemical dependence and possibly a rap sheet......Food! Great! Would I go again.  Yes.....Damn, vegas has a lot of great places to eat!!! only so little time, and not enough stomach space.  And an added plus, that L'atelier didn't have....a really hot waiter. Hmmm....maybe next year!
4	I know it's on ALL of your minds so say it with me now, have a good laugh (as I immaturely did) and get it out of your system."AREOLA!!"Now that we're done with the nipple talk, let's talk about the food. I had NO idea what to expect from this place. We were in Vegas this weekend to meet up with my fiance's mom, aunt, step sister & two sisters who were all visiting from various states. (mostly back East) His two sisters decided to book our Sat night dinner at Aureole. The restaurant itself is quite impressive with it's high ceilings and monstrous wine tower. They friggin have wine stewards PROPELLING up & down to get your wine! Like wine rock climbing! It's crazy.....anyway, we started off with our $17 cocktails which were good, but c'mon now....$17?! Whateva...then we were served our amuse bouche (yup, I learned that from Top Chef..haha) that was absolutely amazing. I can't remember what everything was, but it was all great. Then we were given our choice of the Chef's Tasting Menu (like 7 courses...forget how much it was) or your choice of First, Main & Dessert courses ($85). We all opted for the later of the two. Personally, I couldn't handle 7 courses. For my first course I ordered the butternut squash raviolis in brown butter sage sauce.............ohhhh good lawd, really, it was pure ecstasy in my mouf. (I'm salivating right now thinking of it) For my main course I chose the Mediterranean sea bass w/blood oranges. It was really good, but I think I prefer Chilean sea bass. It just tastes better when it's endangered.....I kid, I kid. No really, I do prefer Chilean sea bass tho. Anyhoo, for my dessert I chose the Caramel/Chocolate souffle w/banana & Bailey's ice cream. I'm no chocolate fiend, but this shit was tasty. The service was great....until the end when we waited FO'EVA for our check, but eh, whatever. Bill came to about $110 per person (7 of us) which wasn't too bad. The best thing was my fiance's mom & aunt picked up the bill!! (super generous) All in all it was a great time and I'd definitely go back on someone else's dime! ;)
5	My boyfriend and I ordered an appetizer and an entree to share before going out to the clubs, so we didn't want to stuff ourselves.  We ordered a gnoochi appetizer which was amazing and for our entree we got the seared duck.  To our surprise, I believe the owner came out, and brought us out two dishes of the duck.  We had a full meal and didn't have to share and they didn't charge us for the extra plate!  The duck was amazing!!  Cooked to perfection!  Beautiful restaurant and delicious food.  Can't wait to come back and try their fixed menu!  Thank you Aureole!
1	If I could give it zero stars, I would.  This was the big disappointment of the weekend. The flavors were bland and not well presented, the waitstaff quiet or downright rude, the wait between courses up to 25 minutes and ... did I mention really mediocre food? I'd be ok with this food as airline food, but not a $95 a plate prix menu at supposedly one of the best restaurants in vegas. Blah. I sent an email to the manager... and surprise, didn't hear anything back. Whatever. All I can do is tell you to avoid this place.I probably eat out at a nice restaurant at least twice a month, possibly more.  I love food, and can forgive all the service mistakes and ambience issues you can throw at me, if I get good food.  I didn't get good food.  Sorely disappointed.
2	Thumbs down.  The service was good, but the food just wasn't up to par.  :(
2	Had the 3 course tasting menu. 1st Course Lobster artichoke salad *Rack of NZ lamb***Chocolate souffl*I was sorely disappointed in my first and desert! The ambiance was cool and the concept of the wine angels was innovative, but I did not see anyone get any wine in the vault at all, during our 3 hour meal. The wine menu was also supercool, but the food stinks. The help was great though.
4	We ended up at Aureole Las Vegas for a company event last Friday night (I know, my life is awful). I started in the bar with a tangerine mojito, which was one of those drinks that tasted delicicous and benign to boot, until I reached the bottom and realized, um, there might have been a little rum in that wee glass. Oopsie.Cracking on, since our party was pretty large we had a set menu in a private dining room. While I was disappointed not to be able to watch the wine angels scurry up and down, it was probably best that we had our own space to yammer away in.Am I allowed to rave about bread in this day and age? Aureole serves these petite, warm, dark rolls that taste exactly like hot pretzels. It's possible I had 2. Cue sound of Atkins turning in grave.I'm ashamed to say that my first course was a beet salad - SHOCKER - one of my favorite places to start. This one was tasty, though not especially memorable, possibly since by then I was already on my second glass of '99 Brunello. If you're an oenophile, by the way, arrive 20 minutes before your rezzo and ask for the wine last, an electronic tablet which allows you to scrolls through their deep, expensive but fantastic wine list. Out came the mains, and my plate featured salmon with pancetta, cooked to perfection. But wow, that brunello was really kicking in by now so don't ask me to reel off side items. All I recall is it that it was extremely tasty.For dessert, I bucked the trend of my table and had a meyer lemon tart. Should have gone with the chocolate souffle. It was fine enough but reminded me of the lemon curd my granny used to offer me to put on my toast.Between the salmon, the wine, the company, and that surreally good bread, I had a pretty splendid meal. The app and dessert were fine, though nothing outstanding. I'd go again to sit outside in the main restaurant - especially if someone else was paying.
4	I loved Aureole because it didn't seem like "contrived" fine dining, like so many of the other mushrooming fine dining options in Vegas seem to be.  Celebrity chef offshoots usually disappoint because the chef is never actually there and attention to detail suffers.  I know Charlie Palmer didn't cook my meal, or even see it, but the details are polished here and it would be hard to leave unhappy.  The computerized wine list is so much fun for the oenophile that you should give yourself 30 minutes to find what you want to drink before you order.  Compared to other Vegas fine dining, you are given plenty of great choices/vintages under $100, or you can splurge from your winnings to spend much, much more.Service is swarming, but unintrusive, and you shouldn't be surprised to have 10+ people be involved in your experience in the course of the night.I wasn't wowed by the food (though it was very good), but I was wowed by the experience.  Everything else was so polished, I would expect the food to be better the next time around.Considering Joel Robuchon wants $250 and up for his prix fixe menus, Charlie Palmer's are a veritable bargain, both coming in at under $100.  Yes, it is a splurge night out, but other splurges in Vegas have been more expensive and less impressive.
3	We had high expectations for this place, and were excited about a nice fancy meal.The good: the service was excellent, the restaurant itself is really cool, and the wine list was amazing. The breads they bring out are also amazing.The bad: for a place this expensive, the food just wasn't very good. My wife and I both did the 3-course prix fixe menus. Of the 6 items we got, only 2-3 were really good. The rest were poor to average. In particular the lamb was just tasteless and undercooked.With so many restaurants in vegas, don't waste your time with this one.
5	Pricey?  Yes.  But you knew that going in.  Quite possibly the best dinner I've ever had in my entire life.  Our group did the Prix Fixe menu, and everything that came out was amazing.  Service was impeccable.  Tablet PC wine list is ridiculously fun to play with if you're a wino like myself.At the end of the night, I was buzzed on amazing wine and full of amazing food, and just kept saying "I'm a happy happy girl."  My friends of course thought that was hilarious, but dammit I was.  Almost went back a 2nd time during my 5 day business trip, and was more than willing to drop the cash on another orgasmic dining experience.  Yes, it was that good.----------------------------------------------------January 2009 updateYes, I went back.  And will probably make it an every-trip-to-Vegas habit.  This time we did the tasting menu with wine pairing.  Everything I put into my mouth made me smile and melt.  Have you ever been FULL from a tasting menu?  We couldn't even get through the cheese and desserts.  Stellar service yet again (except for the obnoxious drunk table of CES attendees across the room) everything was perfect.I can't recommend this place highly enough if you're looking for an outstanding gastronomic experience.  Unpretentious elegance.  You may even see me grinning from ear to ear and licking my spoon in the corner.
5	I was stuck on stupid the first time I walked into this establishment.  The design of this lavish restaurant made my head spin.  Pristine white - marble everywhere.  The I-dont-know-how-many-stories-glass-wine-tower made my mouth drop.  Fluffy Swans.  Ridiculously gorgeous.My boss had made me a reservation here as he rubs elbos with Mr. Palmer himself.  We were greeted by Aureole's Manager, Kevin, and were overly fawned upon from the moment my cousin and I introduced ourselves.  I felt old Hollywood.  Our waiter handed us an intimdating mini laptop device - aka - the wine list - and asked us to pick.  I looked at him as if he grew another head.  I told him, I trust you.   "Well done."  And he walks away.  I'm not going to bore you with every detail, but let me tell you that every detail was perfectly executed.  I highly suggest the lobster ravioli and for dessert, the ladyfinger - and trust me, I had a sampling of EVERYTHING on the menu.  Not one morsel of that kitchen's mouth watering concoction goodness left unturned, unbitten, or unappreciated. Needless to say, my cousin and I were lit by the end of the night, drunk on wine, glorious food, and high on life.  We had the I-had-the-best- meal-of-my-life giggles and we were so satisfied with the evening we didnt even need to spend the saturday night at a vegas nightclub.  We found our way back to our hotel room and talked about dinner experience till we fell asleep.   And today, I still tell the story.Charlie - open one in San Francisco!
4	As an out of towner, this restaurant is one of my favorites to frequent when in Vegas (and on the corporate card!).  The room is very elegant with windows looking onto the water outside the hotel.  The food is painfully good with a tremendous wine selection.That being said, it is very expensive.  But worth the trip if you are celebrating or entertaining.
3	Ok, I know in my previous review I just said one should never go to a fine dining restaurant in Vegas and bitch about the price, that you should know better.  But, in the case of Aureole...I wish we had known better.This restaurant is beautiful.  We were seated at a table with our own private outdoor area.  Our table was inside, and we had french doors that opened up to our private patio with another table that was right next to a pool that had swans swimming back and forth.  It was so romantic and beautiful.  We went outside once or twice to smoke a cigarette (since the dinner experience was 3 hours long) and to have dessert out there.  The swans swimming 2 feet next to us was a nice touch...although they didn't seem people-friendly.  It was a dining experience I'll never forget...sitting out there in the warm desert night with swans surrounding us.The thing I didn't really like about Aureole was that we had to choose from either a $120 pre fix menu or a more expensive pre fix menu option (I think it was $200 but I cant remember).  So, with wine and tip we ended up paying more than expected.  I would have appreciated if we were allowed to choose our items a la cart, instead of being forced to have a tasting menu.  The food was a solid 3.  It was good, but not memorable.  One really cool thing was the touch screen computer/tablet they gave us as their wine list.  It was an actual laptop.  Pretty high tech.Be prepared to drop BANK here, but you wont have a bad experience.  Just an expensive one.
5	I have now been here twice, and both times I had the luxury of drinking Cristal; The nectar of the Gods! This place has great ambiance and fantastic service. For $95 per person you get a first course, second course, and a dessert. I had Alaskan King Crab Legs to start. Pre-sliced just the way I love 'em!!! Then I ordered the surf and turf- scallops wrapped in bacon with short ribs that are marinated for 14 hours!!! The meat was incredible. I wish I could write like Ruth L. to describe just how amazing these short ribs were. For desert I had berries and cream! Another favorite of mine that just went too well with my Nectar of the Gods! This meal is my ideal meal, this would be my last meal on earth should I ever get to choose like that. It was so fantastic!!
2	I was less than satisfied. The only reason i am giving 2 stars is for the yummy overpriced martinis and the dessert that was so delicious. First off we werent terribly hungry going in because we had eaten a late lunch around 5, so we just wanted to order a small entree each and have a couple of drinks, but then we found out that there is a set meal 95 bucks per person. The waiter was nice enough to let us order entrees only though. My friend got the surf n turf and i got the halibut. Both were dissapointing. My halibut was not seasoned at all and was a bit fishy but my potatoes and asparagus were both pretty good. Her  surf and turf was a veal and ahi tuna, except they were covered in a marinara sauce that was not so great, and the marinara was not so complimentary to the ahi. At least they were able to redeem themselves with a fantastic dessert! We had sorbet and bananas foster. Im not so much into sorbet, but it was so so so good, and even better was her bananas foster. Every bite was fantastic, so kudos to the pastry chef.  It wasn't a horrible experience- i just wouldnt go back unless it was for dessert!
3	I'm torn on this place.  I was very impressed by the sommelier, he was very courteous, professional, and knowledgable.  He even poured a few extra glasses from the tasting menu, in addition to a few extra surprises for us. But the dishes were delivered by different people, and overall it was very impersonal.  The guy that delivered the cheese was a total rookie.  He just plopped it down and when I asked where the cheeses were from, he responds with "uh....this one's from France....and this...the U.S....." and didn't mention if they were cowmilk, sheep's milk, etc.  A $450 dinner needs more polish.Don't go for the wine angel gimmick; we didn't see any during our meal.The food was good, but unfortunately you don't get what you pay for.  Vastly overpriced, inconsistent service, and decent but not memorable food means that I won't return.  Rating would be lower if it weren't for the all-star sommelier.
4	I went there this week with my wife. We were mostly curious to see the Wine Angel get harnessed and fly to the ninth story of the wine rack (you've gotta see it to believe it) and retrieve us a bottle of Pinot Noir. Instead, we ponied up to the bar to chat with Norris (the bartender) who talked us into tryng the Angus Beef and Foie Gras Sliders.Oh my freakin' lord!Paired with a nice glass of Sauvignion Blanc, this was an unimaginable taste experience. We decided to add an order of Crisp Rick Shrimp Beignet, which--while not being the culinary epipheny that was the Angus Beef and Foie Gras Sliders---was pretty damn good as well.After two appetizers, two glasses of wine and an experience I will never forget, the tab came to all of $40. I've spent that much for lunch a Denny's before.If you're in Vegas and staying near Mandalay Bay, forsake the $40 or $50 you were going to blow on Deal or No deal penny slots and check this place out.
3	Only came here for wine - I'm not a wine person so I didn't care much about this place. However their decor was very upper class/clean and sleek, and I liked their wine tower. Their electronic wine menu was interesting to experience once.We got free dessert and that was good. Six pieces of bite-size mystery desserts to split among four people. I like their silverware. Couches were VERY comfortable. I got their $4 Illy coffee (a small cup) and it was surprisingly good - better than Starbucks. I would have totally forked over another $4 for another cup.Would totally recommend for wine affectionados. I'd maybe go back to try their dinner. Just maybe.
4	Great Ambiance, Great Service, Quality Cuisine.
5	Sooo....have you ever been given a tablet pc as a wine list at a restaurant?  I have not.  So freakin' cool.  Normally you're given the generic binder type thing and depending on the thickness of it immediately form an opinion of what their wine selection must be.  Well....wow...you're given the tablet and told, "Ok miss (or whatever), you can choose a wine by type, label, region, vintage, appellation, etc" so of course, I'm immediately overwhelmed.  I ask for the sommelier and because I'm treating (long story-it's Vegas), I ask for the last wine of the year acc. to Mr. Parker. (that's right...big spender-natch--ha!)  Boom!  There it is on the tablet pc/wine list thingie.  Funny (or curiously) enough, my friends had not heard of the famous wine tower with the famous wine angels, so I ask if he can tell us when they're getting our wine for us so we can watch our corresponding wine angel, so (very "mission impossible-y") he presses a forefinger to his ear and says, "Uh, Angela?  You got the brunello?  Great. Yeah, can you turn around and wave please?" She does.  How cool is that???  How many places can they do that in?  Not many.  Only at Aureole.  Only in Vegas, where Cirque de Soleil is the new Barnum & Bailey. Not only that, but the food is fabulous.  GREAT experience.
4	This was an amazing place to go for ambiance, style, and for us, very attentive staff.  The somellier was great, carefully helping us find the right wines in our budget that would complement the food well. I didn't even know that Italy had a good cab franc!  We got to meet the wine angel that pulled our wine for us, which was a treat for the guys at our table.The food was uneven.  Some of the dishes were stellar, worthy of lots of praise and just wonderful to eat. Others were just okay.  Nothing was bad, per se.  The bread options were amazing, and if you aren't Kosher, you MUST try to bacon roll.  We did the tasting menu, as one of the people in our group had a good night at the tables.  Note: you may need a good night at the tables to pay for it, but if you love food and the pomp around food, it may be worth it for you.  We were a fairly chatty crew, and we did not feel out of place, but a quiet elegant dinner would be equally possible there as well.Why isn't it 5 stars? The uneven-ness of quality of food definitely was a detractor. I also find it odd to have different prices for the same meal depending upon where you sit in the building.  Finally, the prices were quite steep, though I give massive kudos for the wine list, which could serve just about any budget.
5	Put this one on your list especially if your a wine nut. Its one of my favorite places in Vegas. The wine list is served on a tablet PC because if you printed it it would resemble a phone book. Excellent service and fantastic food. Last night I ate there with a large group the room works for 35 -40 but gets crowded if the group is larger than that.
5	We sat in the lounge since our mission was a quick a la carte dinner, and did not get to enjoy the tablet pc wine list.  However, the food and wine we did have was fabulous, reasonably priced, and well delivered.The waiter, with help from the sommelier, recommended a great pairing with my sole, though I forgot to take note of the name of the wine!Food portions were perfect.  Not too dainty, but not so massive that you cannot finish your entree and your hors d'oeuvre.  My wife had the halibut and I had the sole.  Both were perfectly cooked, came in great sauces and had great side vegetables.The restaurant and lounge did seem pretty empty for a Friday night at 8pm, but that was fine by us.  Not sure if it is a bad sign in general, however.  Wait staff was great.  Perfect number and frequency of check-ins and understood the menu well.  If you are at Mandalay and looking for a nice dinner, this place is highly recommended.
5	They made my 30th Birthday extra, extra special!My sister and i went to Vegas to celebrate my big b-day on 080808.  I'm not a huge fan of Charlie Palmers Steak House in DC, but willing to give Aureole a try simply for the 'wine fairy'. Maybe it was the b-day celebration or perhaps it was the 'girl-on-girl' action, but we definitely felt special that night.  For dinner, we had the prefixed 3 course entree.  They were very good, but definitely not the best in Vegas.  During dinner, (I swear) EVERY ONE that was working came by to wish me happy birthday, they even had a professional singer  came out and sang.  Their staffs were chatty and funny, definitely made us felt comfortable.  At the end, they brought out extra glasses of wine and desserts (you might laugh, but their sorbet was THE BEST), offered us to meet the chef and tour the kitchen- we were too stuffed for that type of activity.   Just when we thought the night is over,  our waiter offered to take us out back by swan lake for some 'photo shoots'.  Overall experience was amazing... It was definitely a night to remember.oh yeah, and we saw the wine fairy retrieving wine, very entertaining.
5	Excellent.  I had the three course meal.  Quiche with sauteed swiss chard and gruyere cheese.  A meat duo of flat iron steak and filet with bacon and diced vegetables, followed by a dessert sampler.  The staff is extremely attentive.  They know when to approach you and when to leave you alone.  It is on par with some of the best restaurants in the country.  I talked to the Catering Director who told me a little about the restaurant and its extensive wine list--including a separate 45,000 bottle wine cellar with vintage wines dating from the 1800's.  It was an amazing time, and a definite trip next year. Highly, highly recommend.
5	I regularly dine at Aureole NY, so I wanted to try Aureole LV.  Aureole LV was excellent (food, decor and service).  I dined in the Swan Court which was lovely.  We went outside (in December) to see the swans--they're cute.  My heart belong to Aureole NY though.
5	I loved the wine cellar of this place.  It goes from the ceiling all the way down to the bottom of this restaurant since you have you have to go downstairs for the dining area.  It looked very cool when the waitresses got the wine in the cellar because it looked like they were on air and the walls of the cellar are all glass.  We didn't have reservations but we were lucky enough to get a table for 2 that friday night.  The staff is very attentive.  I loved the selection of bread. I kept asking for more. I felt bad but hey!  good bread at a restaurant always gets to me. can't get enough of it!  It was nice of the chef cook to give us complimentary dishes and desserts too.  The layout of every dish were fantastic, very classy, and clean.  Definitely a good definition of fine dining in vegas!
2	I hate to 2 star this place since the food really is exceptional, but in a city where there are a million restaurants willing to take your $100/head meal, you are going to have to do way better than just have good food. The bar staff really needs a lot of work here...The whole bar staff was clearly fake. You feel like you are the centerpiece of a southern belle dinner. The tone of their conversation to you, and the stupid jokes they drop could pass very well if you were on the croquet court hanging with the Docker's models all with pink sweaters worn over your shoulders. They were like airline stewardesses with plastic smiles chiseled into their faces. (Hopefully, one of those analogies rang a bell with you...). This whole environment made me feel ultra-uncomfortable, which of course made me very nitpicky... I sat down at the bar since I was dining alone, and the bartender asked me what I wanted to drink. I told him that I really liked traditional drinks, and wondered if he had something awesome in his back pocket that he could mix up. He told me that they made "award winning" appletinis, cosmos, and some other glammed up sugar bullshit. Seriously, this is the best you could think of?? minus 1. So, I asked him for a gin martini, and wanted to know what gin he had on the bar. He could only list the boring shit off the top of his head (tanq, bombay, etc.), he had to go sift through the bar to figure out the interesting kinds of gin he had. He then asked if I wanted a twist. This seems to be a major problem with Vegas since I got asked it at more than one classy place...martinis have olives. *ALWAYS*. If you ask if I want olives or a twist, then you clearly don't know how to make a martini. Minus another 1.He then makes my martini and gives me the check. No mention of food or anything. At this point, I'm convinced that he was trying to kick me out of the place. Like, to the point where I started looking around at how other people were dressed. I also thought about trying to find a mirror to see if I had a giant booger stuck to my chin. I nearly walked out after paying for my drink, but the bartender did notice *after I had finished the whole drink* that maybe I would want some food, and asked if I wanted a menu. I decided to give the food a spin, and was treated to a fantastic swordfish. Like I mentioned before, kudos to the chef...its sad that his great meal was really hurt by bad service.With the exception of the cool wine tower/cellar thing in the middle of the room, the bar decor sucked...it might as well have been a wall street bank. I dunno, maybe it would be cool if you were here for a business dinner, or if you wanted to shag your significant other. I couldn't think of any other party that may feel less out of place here.
4	This is a long-overdue review from our Thanksgiving Vega$ weekend.Our decision to go was based on three factors:1. Always wanted to try a Charlie Palmer restaurant, why not here?2. Had to see the famous wine tower.  One of the seven wonders of the world, you know.3. Had to pick a fancy restaurant that fellow Yelper, Cynthia C. hadn't yet dined at in Vegas (not an easy task, as that girl's done some professional-level eating in this city).Set a dateSet a timeStarve yourself.The Mandalay Bay Resort never fails to amuse me.  It's like a benign tumor that just keeps growing and growing.  I hadn't seen it in awhile, but the sheer size of the facility is impressive, even by Vegas standards.  Aureole is nestled in their restaurant row amongst some fairly ornate facades.  **Aside, walk by Rum Jungle or Red Square and you'll never never be the same again...**In stark contrast, the entrance to Aureole seems almost spartan in comparison.  The view changes dramatically once you're inside and staring at the four-story steel and glass phallus they call the wine tower.  It's a pretty impressive beast, and definitely the center of attention.The main dining room softens a bit as you're surrounded in rich, dark hardwoods, white tablecloths, and leather chairs.  This is probably a deliberate attempt to distract diners from that large tumescent mamma-hamma wine tower...Our table went with the special Riedel Anniversary tasting menu that night.  Wifey and I had to forgo the vino due to alien/parasite problems... but that's another story.The food, however, was spectacular.  Highlights of our evening included a hunk o' otoro tuna that was otherworldly, and just about the best bison we've ever sunk our teeth into.  The flavors were almost enough to distract me from that monstrously engorged wine tower of verticality.Conversation at the table was lively and electric.  The ladies looked terrific, but my mind was obviously elsewhere.Wifey: "It was so sweet of Aureole to make a substitution for one of my dishes, don' t u think, sweetie?"Me: "Damn, did u see the size of that tower?!?  That's one hella tower!"Wifey: "Don't u think Cynthia C's dress is really cute?"Me: "Yeah.  How many bottles do u think they can fit in that tower?  Shazam!  That thing's huge!!!In the end, we had a great time, with delicious food and wonderful company.  My only regret of the evening was not being able to witness  the lovely wine angels glide up and down the shaft of that tower...You have a dirty mind.
2	Great wine list and novelty wine "fetching" but when the entrees arrived I remembered those old Wendy's commercials with the miniature servings.  The overall experience was overpriced.  It was probably one of the most expensive dinners I've had and walked away disappointed.
2	Good but not that great.We did the tasting menu in the "swan court", which means that you pay ten dollars more to be in a room with some swans outside.  Given that it was dark outside, this felt like a particularly stupid feature.I asked if it was possible to split a wine pairing, and was quickly rebuked.  I've asked for that and had no problems in many other places.  Oh well.The dinner started with a trio of amuses.  One of them was a bacon-wrapped scallop that was okay.  I don't remember the others.  The bacon they served with the beef was the most amazing I've ever had.  Incredibly crisp, but not overcooked.  The server was happy to explain the vast effort they go to make it, curing it themselves, cooking it low and slow between sheets of some absorbing paper that gets rid of the grease.  The duo of beef had some flat-iron that was dry and completely over-done, which was odd.Dessert was okay; they brought a trio of sorbets and asked us to guess what they were.  We got two of them, but unsurprisingly pomegranate-cherry was a hard one.We left feeling overly full but with none of the wonder we had when leaving L'Atelier de Joel Robuchon, which was more expensive, but SO much better.  I won't come back here, and would suggest other places over this.  My brother came here a while ago and absolutely loved it, as he said service was great, which I definitely didn't get.
4	Wine was excellent, as was a very interesting presentation of french onion soup.  Instead of a crust of Gruyere, it had a cheesy breadlike crust.  Very tasty.  Steak was very good but not rare enough for me.
1	One of my clients recommended this place so I decided to give it a try.Umm, let's just say good thing I won $600 that weekend gambling:This is how the evening went:Dinner for twoDidn't know what to order so we had  what the host recommended.Had the:  SEVEN COURSE CELEBRATION TASTING MENUPaired with seven selected wines for $160 x's 2AMERICAN WHITE STURGEON CAVIAR1 oz. $60 supplement x's 2PAN SEARED FILET MIGNON Peekytoe crab and potato "Lyonnaise", natural beef reduction$75  x's 2umm, maybe next time I shouldn't go with a client's opinion of what their fav must try restaurant is...esp if he's the CFO of a fortune 500 company.
3	I had seen this place on the Travel Channel and finally got to be able to check it out.  This review is based on their drinks/wine selection.   They have a very limited selection of wines by the glass and half bottles.  However, it seems their strong point are the wines by the bottle.  They have their main wine list on a tablet PC.  I would actually tell them you want to see their bottle list just so you can play with the tablet.  Also, their dessert wines by the glass aren't listed on the paper menu, so if you are looking for a dessert wine, ask for the tablet.I was surprised that the bar area was so quiet on a Friday evening.  It worked fine for me as I wanted a quiet place to chill before dinner.  Service was okay and the bartender even game me a sample of a great prosecco after he discovered that I like sweeter wines.Overall, I liked trying this place out.  I wish they had more wines by the glass though.
5	I went here a while back and am just getting around to reviewing it..  I don't have a lot to say but feel like I should add something brief as it was quite enjoyable!My dining partners had the tasting menu but as I am not a big seafood fan I went with a few choices off of the regular menu (including the fois gras and a pork belly dish for my main course (seems that it's no longer available)).  Everyone was very pleased with the attentive service - they even covered up our plates with these silver covers when we went to the bathroom.  All the food was very delicious, I loved every part of my meal.  If it weren't for the multitude of other top foodie choices in Vegas, I would definitely visit here again.  I hope to return someday!  Oh, and yeah, the wine tower thing is pretty cool too....
2	I am giving this review 2 stars because the food was good. The dining room was beautiful and the wine tower is impressive. Of course had I known  we were going to be charged extra to sit in "Swan Court" I would have chosen the wine tower room.  I thought she was asking for a preference since the restaurant was empty.  Our server was by far the rudest server I have ever experienced. He was condescending and borderline hostile. I don't know if he thought he was being funny or we just looked young and he thought he get away with it.I go to Vegas once a year to have a little fun and have  wonderful fine dining experiences. Aureole WILL NOT be on my list for a return visit.
4	I'm still a fan of this place, but having returned several times since my initial review I've noticed the quality of the service, food, and wine list dwindling. Given the choice, I'd opt for the nearby Fleur de Lys over Aureole.
5	This is my favorite restaurant in Vegas! I lived there for 3 years, and it wasn't established until I left. I missed it by a year or so, but have made my way there about seven times now, and seems to have lost nothing since it opened. The whole Swan Court seating was a bit much... I like fine dining but I'm not too pretentious. I don't do the wine pairing either, as I'd rather just swig down Veuve Clicquot during the entire meal anyway. But this place is just fantastic... From the staff to the wine tower, I love this place.
1	Aur-eo-le...  Ass-a-ho-le  (for all you Simpsons lovers out there).  This may not be an appropriate way to begin a review for a nice restaurant, but then again Aureole is not a nice restaurant.  The service was about as bad as possible.  From the sneaky upsell to the "Swan Room" to the short and non-descriptive descriptions of each course by our waiter to the mind-numbing half hour wait between each of the seven courses, I really cannot decide what was the worst.  Actually, I will tell you what was the worst, that the food was mediocre, for an old person's palate, and made up entirely of low-cost ingredients.  As ridiculous as the entire experience was, I tried to bite my tongue so the birthday people could try to enjoy their night.  But at the end of four hours (we were told the tasting menu would take 2 1/2 hours.  Did I mention there were only seven other groups in the entire restaurant on a Friday night?) We gladly paid the 160-200 each person and got the hell out of there, all of us laughing hysterically that a Restaurant could be so hyped, so over-priced, and so horribly awful.  Well, at least we had a sense of humor about it.
4	Aureole is perfect for special occasions because it's beautiful, romantic, fun (with the swinging wine ladies and swans), delicious, expensive and has the most elaborate wine list you'll ever see. My fiance and I loved scrolling through the digital wine list searching by region, then type, then price points...etc. It's a great place for a slow meal with quality service. We had the tasting menu, which was good though not exceptional (which I feel I should point out considering the price). I specifically liked their broad selection of breads and their desserts were awesome.
4	This is one of the more interesting places I've eaten, not for the food but for the layout of the restaurant. It's located within Mandalay Bay, and up to the point of entrance, you have no idea what's in store. Once the host leads you through the doorway, you realize you are actually at the top corner of this grandiose space, with a winding staircase leading to the bottom that can only be compared to the famous M.C. Escher painting. This place also has a one of a kind wine tower in which a wine angel floats up and down to grab you your favorite bottle of wine!! It is a very expensive restaurant, so plan on emptying your wallet. You might want to make it a special occasion if you visit. It was a while ago that I went, but the food was delicious.
4	The flagship restaurant of the Mandalay Hotel and Casino, Aureole is architectural and design wonder.  The sleek open space is punctuated by the 3 story wine tower, home to nearly 10,000 bottles  (a fifth of their overall inventory).  This version of Aureole is far different from the small, intimate original in Manhattan's Upper East side, but in Vegas, bigger is better.  Visuals are great and all, but how is the food?  Excellent.  Chef Charlie Palmer's "progressive American" focuses on dishes of high-quality ingredients simply prepared and presented.  The menu is straightforward, either choose the 3 course prix fixe or the 7 course "Celebration of Great American Food" tasting menu.  Selections are mostly seasonal, although consistent on the menu are the "Peking" duck and Colorado lamb, both very good.Aureole is home to one of the largest and diverse wine lists one will ever see.  Over 2,000 selections and 50,000 total bottles, the list is presented electronically on a wireless tablet PC.  There is an initial "wow, this is cool" upon seeing this, in practice it would be best to have a good ol' analog (paper) wine list.  Although I am usually too proud to ask for help selecting a bottle, there is simply too man options here.  The sommeliers are incredibly knowledgeable, and I suppose they had better be with an inventory such as this.  I would prefer to see a better by-the-glass list.  Unless you get the 7 course meal, with the wine pairings, your single serving options are rather limited.
5	My most favorite restaurant when I come to visit Vegas. I love the tall glass wine tower and their extensive wine selection. A friend once told me jokingly that a place is considered fine dining in his books when there's a crumb sweeper. This place is fine dining then I guess!  We had the three course menu which was absolutely delicious, especially with the foie gras. Beef was tender, cooked perfectly, and the sides weren't too overpowering. A waiter also walks around with a bread basket with like 5 different kinds of breads for you to choose from. The appetizers had the best presentation I think. If you come here, try a bottle of wine just so you can see the worker get hoisted to the top to grab you a bottle!
5	All I have to say is if you love pri fix menu restaurants with much class and elegance, then look no further for another restaurant. I love eating in Swan Court ! You must try the 7 course dinner with wine pairing!!!!! This is by far my favorite Fine dining restaurant my second would be Charlie Palmer Steak.  FYI When you dine in Swan court you get extra goodies.
5	This was one of the most memorable dining experiences that I have ever had. The food was great, but it was really the sommelier and the wine that made the night. He was very enthusiastic about allowing our table of 3 taste any wine we desired. And the "taste" was more like a glass too. i got to try wines from Argentina, California, Austria, Spain... It was great!He warned me that the entrees are not the best deal here, so instead I got 3 appetizers: the tuna canneloni, the louis salad, and the rock shrimp ravioli. All were executed PERFECTLY, both in taste and presentation.I originally ordered the squab on risotto, which was not at all what i expected. It was very rare, VERY gamey tasting, and had no skin. I sent it back with no problem and got the louis salad instead, which was 80% crab - YUM, my kind of salad.I got the opportunity to meet the chef and see the kitchen here, who was very gracious, even though I had criticized his squab. Seeing the kitchen was AWESOME. It is huge and there is staff everywhere. Very clean too.I would recommend this restaurant to anybody looking to have a memorable experience, especially if you love wine as much as I do! The restaurant is beautiful, the wine tower is impressive, and the service is impeccable. It was the BEST SERVICE I had in Vegas all week, and I went to a lot of other high end restaurants. However, be prepared to spend some money here! Including a generous tip, 3 appetizers and a glass of wine was $90.
3	i'll break it down loosely and to the point.party of 16, good atmosphere, attentive for the most part during the orders. we obviously had a prefix 3 course menu since it was so many of us. had the spiced ahi tuna  which was really great, my main entree was the halibut and if i'd known it was going to be bland i'm sure i would not have ordered it, i ate about 1/3rd of it only and wasn't taken back by it at all, sadly. being a fan of cream spinach i ordered it as my side dish, it was ok but i've had better, no dis to the chefs. everyone just has different likings. the dessert creme brulee was great. service could have been better without a doubt. i had a blast because we were all there as friends, its not like we sit around and point out flaws. work it out aureole, work it out.
4	It's all about their wine.Let's put this right out front.  I'm a wine snob.  Check that, i *want* to be a wine snob, I just cant afford to *be* a wine snob.  So of course I selected Aureole because of it's legendary wine list.  Because it's all about their wine.Walking into the restaurant, the stairwell winds around the famous wine pillar.  Your decent into the eatery gives you a close-up view of the Plexiglas, temperature controlled behemoth. I thought I would get a close up view of the "Wine Angels" zipping up and down, but unfortunately, there was no action in the tower, despite the fairly full restaurant.  It was a little like walking through the local wine shop.  A lot of wine, but no pretty women zipping around on cables.  Obviously, Aureole isn't focused on the "Wine Angels"; it's all about their wine.I was a little surprised when we sat down with our menus, but were not automatically presented with the wine list.  As an aspiring wine snob, I know that I need to view both menu and wine list simultaneously to pair the best wine with the food I'm going to eat.  That's when I realized the catch to Aureole; They offer -almost push- the fixed price dining with wine parings. Therefore, all the wines being paired that night will not be in the big tower, but someplace far more convenient for the staff.  It makes sense, but I wanted to see girls swinging from cables.   So I asked for the wine list, with the intent of ordering a bottle from the top of the pillar.  It may be all about theie wine, but I can't pass up a good show, regardless of the cost.I got the wine list - a computer tablet that is so vast, it's practically useless.  You can narrow selections by country, region, and varietal, but not by something more useful to me, like flavor notes, or tower location.  So now I have a list that allows me to select from seemingly every wine in the world, and now I have to narrow it down to one or two.  And I want it to be high up on the wine tower, on the side I can see from my table.  This is clearly not the objective of Aureole.  They want to give you a great meal with a wine they have already selected.  They even charge you an extra $10 per meal if you sit in the swan court, out of the view of the wine tower.  It's all about *their* wine.Next the sommelier came over to help us with our wine selection.  He was only 15-30 seconds behind the wine list, so clearly we were not expected to actually peruse all 9,865 bottles.  It's more like, "ok, here's the list you twit, now let me tell you what you want."  They probably carry your favorite wine, but it's all about THEIR wine.We intended to spend the evening here, so I figure I'll start with a cheese course (steering clear of the prix fixe menu) and the sommelier unwittingly insults me by saying most people go straight to the reds, since that's what I did in my first 15 seconds with the tablet.  In reality, I was looking up a pricey wine that I am familiar with - so I could ballpark what their price mark-up is.  Now all bets are off.  I tell him I want a bottle from the top of the pillar, so we can see the girls zipping around.  Once we know what that wine is going to be, then we can build our meals around that.  He talks into his lapel like a secret service agent and ZING!  A Wine Angel zips to the top, left and right and back down again in a little flying demonstration.  My mission was a success, and I didn't have to actually get a $2000 bottle of wine.  I was off the hook, quite cheaply, and Aureole maintains their goal of keeping it all about their wine.As for everything else, we ordered and the food was great.  The sommelier selected wines by the glass for us (that were also the same wines that they were serving with their fixed price meals) and it was all very good.  And we got out cheaper than we would of if we got the 3 course fixed price dinner.  It was a 4 star dinner, and a 5 star sommelier, but his inferring that I was a commoner will cost them a 5 star rating. I am a commoner, but he shouldn't treat me as such.  The atmosphere was also pretty poor - too many tables, and the wait staff was stretched too thin, a real 3 star effort in the dining room.  But as critical as I can be, Aureole earns 4 stars for the excellent wines served with our dinner, because...Well, you know.
2	Well, the food was great, the atmosphere was nice, and the wine tower was an impressive site to see. However, I was totally put off by the service. We had to ask to see a wine list 3 times before they got it over to us. Appetizers came out before our drinks, and out server was just plain unfriendly. I felt rushed through the entire meal, not my idea of a good time.
5	Hands down, one of the best meals  and dining experiences I've ever had.  The service was impeccable, the meal was delightful, wine delish, dessert was outstanding... It was worth every penny, and I would go back again and again and again and again...
3	To me the menu was unfocused and trying to cover the bases - 3 steaks, a couple of fish/shrimp, chicken, couple of dishes with spice, etc. We ordered a shared plate of melon and parma, two appetizers - the foie gras and cesar, two mains - peppered lamb and tenderloin oscar, nutella creme brule. The shared plate arrived with the appetizers (bad!) but the rest of the service was smooth. Our captain sent along a sorbet plate and after dinner sweets. While we were offered drinks quickly, we passed for a nice bottle of wine. It took ages before we were able to get menus to see what we wanted to complement. The sommelier was friendly and gave a demo of the tablet pc listings but we made our own choice and only saw him one more time.For the chef I'd say forget the oscar part of the tenderloin (4 little pieces of crab and 3 long slices of asparagus) - it added nothing to one of the best steaks I've had in a long time. The peppered lamb with the red pepper coulis was great with the wine. The foie gras was ok - the table beside us had a tasting menu and got a better portion of it than I did as an a la carte diner. Also it was a bit overcooked and the veins hadn't been removed.I wouldn't hurry back but I would go again. (We had a reservation and arrived on time but were directed to sit opposite the entry. It wasn't crowded and there were staff around who could have seated us immediately. Do they think waiting leads you to think it's a better restaurant?)
4	great atmosphere..wine tower was amazing....we had a great service....the nutella creme brulee was perfect....
4	Went here on a recommendation from a friend and a $50 restaurant.com gift certificate. The service was just ok, but the wine list was way fun and cool. You can choose your wine by glass or bottle and you get a tablet where you can pick region, color, taste, etc. We had an artichoke dip appetizer. It was ok but I wouldn't get it again. For our entree we both had the NY strip. It was HUGE and the sauce on it was good. We had a side of mashed potatoes which were good as well. Overall the food was quite good. We had a desert tray which was yummy and our glasses of wine were really good too. I am not sure if I would go back as it didn't really stick out but overall it is worth trying once.
5	Wow ... where do I begin? From the awesome wine tower that requires a circus act to reach many of the bottles, to the ambiance, and of course the fabulous food - most amazing.We were lucky to be in Vegas during Restaurant Week so every dining establishment offered special prix fixe menus for $50 so we took advantage of that. The appetizer selection said "choose two per person" but we figured, no way ... but indeed, it was true. They weren't small plates either -- the appetizers alone (we had the hoisin-style calamari, ceviche, steak and naan, and artichoke dip) filled us up with goodness. But we had to get through two regular-sized main entrees (I had the porcini and artichoke ravioli with a goat cheese foam and kale) and totally forgot they came with sides until those were set a few minutes later -- yeesh. Oh, and a quartet of desserts to end with -- what can I say? Top it off with impeccable service, and you have quite the winner. The only "complaint" I have (and I don't know if it even falls as one) is that the waiter assured us these plates were small since, after all, it is a tasting menu -- and as I said, if those were tasting plates, they must've been from Green Giant land. I get full thinking about this meal.
5	Two words....WINE FAIRY!  You know you have made it big when you need a wine fairy to go and fetch your bottle of wine.  They have one of the largest wine selections I have ever seen....why else would they need to give you a separate wine tablet to take your wine order.We enjoyed a prix fixe menu, but keep in mind this was almost 2 years ago, so I'm not going to bore you with food that may not even be on the menu anymore.I do remember being dazzled by the decor and ambiance of Aureole.   This restaurant makes for a perfect romantic evening with that special someone!
5	We had an extremely pleasant dinner here. With the exception of the hostess telling us she could try and squeeze us in for dinner at the empty restaurant at 5:30 pm. Why do you hostesses do this? Besides that unsettling comment, it was perfect. Bountiful breads, wonderful cavier, except it saddened me that they didn't offer Champagne by the glass to pair with it. I wouldn't really expect them to, but it would have been nice to have since I wasn't going to order a bottle for just myself! I settled for the only appropriate sparkling wine they offered by the glass instead. The service was simply outstanding and the staff was very attentive and extremely accomadating with special requests, as they should be. The salad (caprese style) melted in my mouth, and the salmon was perfection. The little mini desserts were the icing on the cake.
4	Excellent wine selection! Not sure if they need to send me a tablet PC for it tho since the pen didn't work. Food was very nice. Service was superb. No complaints. Loved it. A bit pricey so I am holding back a star on that one.
4	Excellent food and wine pairings. Love the place here & in NYC. Stunning space...somewhat cold...not a cozy romantic restaurant. Pricey....but worth it. Total spot for wine aficionados.
4	Great food.  The vegetarian lasagna was unlike anything I've ever had and I would love to get a hold of it again.  The steak was cooked perfectly and the bleu cheese clouds on top were amazing.  The service is amazing, as you would expect at a place like this.  The wine list is overwhelming; use the electronic menu if they offer it.The decor is a little austere for my tastes, but I suppose that is typical of the higher end restaurants where things like "themes" and "warmth" appear tacky.
3	The decor in here was absolutely beautiful. When you walk in, you walk downstairs wrapping the tall glass wine cellar.  The celings are super tall and open windows. We sat near the back, and when you look outside you see swans swimming. The wine list is on something like a Kindle. It's a 3 course dinner without wine for $85, they had a special parallel 4 course dinner for $95 where Charlie Palmer would combine 2 different types of courses and somehow make it blend together which my friend ordered. I started off with the tuna tartare and I thought it was ok because it had this cream that reminded me of honeydew sorbet. My bf got the caviar (which is an extra $80) and it came with toast and bellini's (basically they were little mini pancakes). Other people in my party ordered the french onion soup which came with a puff pastry on top. For my entree, I got the sea bass and I thought the texture was soft and buttery but lacking a bit in flavor. My bf got the bone in rib eye and it was much better. We got asparagus, mushrooms, mac and cheese and corn for sides. The corn was the best because it had a smoky flavor to it. Last course was dessert and i chose the dessert sampler- it came with nutella creme brulee, cheesecake, chocolate cake, and this light cake thing with blueberry creme on top which was my favorite. They gave us extra sorbet and extra little desserts. All in all the food was ok to me but the decor was one of the most beautiful I have seen.
4	Great ambiance.  Nice selection of wine.  I had a glass of cab that was delicious.  For starters -- we had clams and french onion soup.  The clams were cooked in a delectable creamy garlic sauce.  I def. recommend it.  The soup wasn't very good...a bit bland.For our entrees -- we shared the chicken and black cod.  Both were very tender.  I love the glass wine cellar tower!
4	One of the best and most consistent restaurants in Las Vegas.We had a very enjoyable and relaxing meal with old friends.  The first couse for me was foie gras which was served with a pear tarte tatin followed by pork tenderloin and pork belly with mashed sweet potatoes.  The pork was very tasty, but I wouild have liked a little more heat (temperature).  My friend wanted a classic meal and ordered Caesar salad followed by Filet Oscar.  She was very happy. A nice bottle of Laetitia Pinot Noir was recommended and enjoyed.Ambience is comfortable, the wine tower is impressive.  I highly recommend.
3	Wait staff was not super attentive... Took 20 or so minutes to put in our order.  We ordered the special Turkey dinner finding the white meat to be a little over salted. Positive parts were the French Onion soup and wine selection were both great.
5	I love this place.  I've returned to eat here whenever in Vegas and plan to continue doing so.The staff are nearly perfect all the time, and you can see them being managed by this gentleman who looks quite the perfectionist (and whose bad side I wouldn't want to be on).Yes, it is a tad austere, cold and corporate, but then perhaps I'm not so different myself (at least in some respects).  In any event, I feel very much at home here.Everyone knows the wine list is extensive and the tower an interesting bit of theatre.  But that isn't such a big deal.But think about the "tuna composition."  Excuse the dollop of yuzu ice cream on it.  Put it aside and out of your mind.  The tuna tartare is truly at the top of of all tuna tartares.  It almost (not quite) reaches the height of the original tuna tartare from Aqua.  The three way smoked salmon appetizer was also great.  The smoked buttery salmon was just perfect.The John Dory entree was good, though a slightly more crispy (perhaps pan fried preparation) would have been better.  The black cod was great, but only about 30% of the size of the John Dory.  It looked more like an appetizer.  Someone might need to think a bit about portion size.I'm not really a dessert person.  Frankly, I should have ordered another tuna composition for dessert.  I always regret not ordering more fish.  The desserts were fine, but my dessert opinion doesn't mean much.So, I'm not sure I understand some of the more negative reviews I see for Aureole.  But, to each his own.
4	The ULTIMATE dining experience. Not sure where to begin...but the service is the most grandeur I have encountered. Felt like royalty from various managers coming to introduce themselves and ensure our dining experience was top notch. The decor takes your breath away and the presentation of all courses is simply A+. The menu was as expected and we ordered the fish specials which pleased our palates.
3	I really, really, really wanted to like this place. Really. In fact before I even knew much about it as a restaurant, every time I passed it in Mandalay Bay I thought it was so cool how they had this towering wine cellar. I loved the exterior decor and what little I could peek into the interior. Five years in the making and finally I got to eat here.Sigh. Maybe I hyped it too much myself? It was, after all, a one Michelin star recipient. What went wrong? Well, for the most part although my meal didn't taste bad, it didn't taste particularly great. It wasn't fantastic. For the prices, it was only alright and not something I'd pay for next time. Most of their dishes were un-inspired and lacked the glistening luster of a one Michelin star place. The service was too casual to be consistent in my book and what kind of decent restaurant like this as DRY limes? They also don't ask you before re-filling your sparkling water, what if I didn't want to pay for another bottle?The only dish that saved this meal from a complete lackluster of goodness was their daily inspirational preparation of foie gras. It was truly delicious with the sweet pudding bread that they paired it with. My chicken liver pate was almost tasteless which was very unexpected of pate, and my salmon dish was overcooked, dry and lacked any salmon flavor whatsoever. I even offered it to the rest of the table to share and they all agreed that it didn't taste like salmon at all. Their black cod was alright but then again ... cod as a fish is delicious and difficult to mess up to begin with. I was especially disappointed that although they had a fantastic wine selection that some top names other restaurants had were non-existent in their vast towering cellar of wines. What's the point if you're just going to stock it with 100 bottles of the same wine with no room for others?Overall, it wasn't worth the money and I don't see how it was worth the Michelin star.
5	We had a great time at Aureole for our anniversary dinner. The electronic wine list was a little intimidating at first, but we got the hang of it once we realized we could sort by price. :) The most expensive bottle was from 1900 and over $35,000! Needless to say, we stayed at the other end of the range and ended up with a very nice bottle in the $40-50 range.My roast chicken was the best chicken I've ever had, literally. It was delicious.We had brought a $50 gift certificate from restaurants.com that we bought for $6, which helped with things.Our server was great, not snooty at all, but not too overly friendly in an annoying way. Exactly the type of service I like in a restaurant like this.
3	I don't know how they got a Michelin star because the service I receive at Cheesecake Factory is far superior.  Yes, the food was very good (check other reviews for details), but the service was mediocre.  There were many well dressed servers running around setting the tables for the next night's meal, but not many stopping at my table to provide water or to see how my meal was going. I would only come back here if I was a wine connoisseur.
3	Aureole is serious about it's wine, and to emphasize this fact, guests are greeted by a 42-foot high glass-encased tower housing part of it's wine collection. Wines are listed in and ordered from wireless electronic wine tablets (with accompanying guides). Kind of gadgety, but fun nonetheless. Wines are then retrieved by wine angels suspended by wires from the ceiling a la Tom Cruise in Mission Impossible...it's quite a show. If only the food were able to match this spectacle. That's not to say it was bad, but it was rather uneven. The meal got off to a good start with the Hawaiian Ahi Tuna Trio, a refreshingly light treatment of impeccable tuna. Slow Braised Beef Shank and Foie Gras Ravioli was unfortunately stringy and not tender though it did have good flavor. Olive Oil Poached Oregon Petrale Sole seemed to have been poached at too high a temperature and was tough as well. Modesto County Pan-Seared Rabbit was nicely done with good earthy flavors, but the Duo of Beef Tenderloin and Flat Iron again disappointed with overdone meat. We concluded with a nice cheese course with brioche (how about a bit more fruit for this??) and concluded with a delicious Meyer Lemon Parfait with Lemoncello Sorbet. At a restaurant of this stature, things such as overdone meats should never happen...it makes the kitchen seem amateurish. Which is really too bad since we enjoyed the rest of our evening. This makes me wish Charlie Palmer would try to lure Michael (or Bryan) Voltaggio back to his group in partnership to kickstart this place.
4	This fits the stereotype of expensive restaurants perfectly. Nice, elaborate settings with a small amount of delicious, unique food that you pay an arm and a leg for. OUTSTANDING waiter service, in fact the best I have ever experienced. We ordered from the 'theater menu' which was served in three courses, all of which were from individual selection. All three courses were great, and in fact filling considering their seemingly small size. The experience is really what made an impression on me though. We only saw one Wine Angel, but even without them it was well worth the trip and the money I paid to eat there.A must for Vegas.
5	If I died and went to Heaven I would hope to be floating with the wine angels of Aureole! One of my top 5 favorite restaurants of all time... Take a break from gambling in Las Vegas and invest in a food experience of a lifetime! This is an adventure complete with wine pairings and world class table service! ( I have been amazed when sitting with a group of 10 that our courses arrive exactly together and love the personal touches if it has been a Birthday or special event such as a box of chocolates at the end of the meal.). The sommelier is a wonderful luxury! Don't be afraid to ask for a particular color, flavor or even price-point... they are very helpful and friendly! The food is incredible... beautiful works of art that melt in your mouth... each dish well thought out, balanced and presented... Be daring, go for the foie gras as you can be assured it will be done right and taste delicious! A food lovers dream come true... Thank you Aureole! : )
1	What a terrible dining experience! My girlfriend and I decided to try this restaurant because we wanted to go to a nice restaurant for our anniversary, and because we are both wine lovers. When we were seated at our table our server came over and started speaking in Spanish to us. Neither of us are very fluent in Spanish, so we kindly asked him if he could speak to us in English. His reply was "NO! You should know the language, so you must try". First of all, I realize that I should know a second language, but a fine dining restaurant is not the venue in which I'd like to buff up on my Spanish skills. Next came the wine . That was delicious, and the highlight of our experience. When our entrees arrived, the server did not leave. He asked us about the wine in Spanish, and made us try to reply to him in Spanish. He said "I'm not leaving until you say it correctly". Then he asked us where we were from and we replied "San Diego". He wanted to know how long the drive was. Then then went on to say "The reason I'm asking is because the girl that I was dating lived in San Diego, and we used to meet in Barstow or Victorville, get a hotel room, and then drive back our separate ways. Do you two think that I did the majority of the driving? It doesn't matter now though, she broke up with me...but whatever" First of all, yes...you did do the majority of the driving. Second of all, I don't want to hear about your sexual escapades while I'm trying to eat my dinner (which by the way was a terrible overcooked piece of pork). Not worth the money. Got back to the hotel after dinner, and about 4 hours later we were both very sick from the food and spent the rest of the night running to and from the bathroom. Take your money, and spend it elsewhere!
4	Outstanding service with fairly decent food. What initially caught my eye was the "wine cellar"and mission impossible-style retrieval of the bottles. So one night decided that this must be a place to try. I liked the attention to detail and promptness with which every need was addressed. When people say "You get what you pay for.", this place is the first that comes to mind. Make reservations in advance, you will not be disappointed.
5	This review is not so much on the restaurant as more the bar, and specifically the bartender and the delicious plate of cheese he insisted we order.  We came in here for a drink around 10 PM Monday 12/21 night, mostly so we could check out the four story wine tower and watch the flying wine steward.  The bartender was so nice and friendly and put us at ease instantly.  He insisted we order a cheese plate, even though we were told the kitchen was closed.  Despite not being hungry, we went for it, and mmmmmmmmmmmm I am glad we did.  The three cheeses were divine!  I also appreciate him letting us taste our wines before pouring the whole glass.  And even though we did not order a bottle of wine, the lovely wine steward flew up the tower and waved down at us, which was really nice of her.  I would love to come back here for a meal based on the service, drinks, and cheese plate we received at the bar.
2	This was going to be the splurge of our girls trip to Las Vegas but it wound up being more of a bust. I love to read/research/pick out restaurants and we chose Aureole because we wanted to try the pre-fixe menu and we both liked the various choices. We arrived about 30 minutes early for our reservation so we spent some time shopping. We arrived at the restaurant promptly and were taken to our table but the hostess didn't ask to take our coats (it was windy that night) or our bag. Once we arrived, we were seated at one of the banquettes and I put my purse next to me along with my coat. The waiter came over and picked up my friends things and put them on the other side of me - totally made me feel hemmed in. Again, I should have asked for coat check but he should have as well. I had the restaurant.com coupon and let the server know we were using it as well as ordering from the theater menu and that we'd like glasses of wine (I like whites, my friend likes reds). That pretty much ended our service from him and his assistant. They took our order but after that, a waiter from a different section took care of us until the time when the bill was presented. We never got the chance to look at the electronic wine menu and our meals were just so-so. They were adequate but nothing spectacular. I've eaten in restaurants with better reputations where they actually make you feel like you more welcome. Maybe it was the waiter, maybe it was the restaurant, maybe it was me, but I know I'll never go back to Aureole.  Utterly disappointing culinary end to a great vacation!
5	went for 2009's restaurant week, had the set menu (~$50/per), party of 9.  ordered 2 reds and a few cocktails.  my meal...appetizers: kung pao calamari 'n the spinach and artichoke dip w/ housemade chips, both the largest portioned on the table.  main course: herb crusted pork tenderloin on a bed of mashed potatoes...meat was a little overcooked, but overall was ok.  plated dessert: trio, a concord grape float (think foamy grape juice during communion), banana tart and a housemade version of a smore...their homemade marshmallow was good, i don't think people realize how hard it is to make.  i had asked for a substitution for the banana tart since i cannot stand bananas, and they offered me complimentary sorbet.  when desserts came around, i received what everyone else did and was wondering if they had forgotten about the sorbet...when out came a beautifully presented tray of sorbet.  i believe there were two scoops of three different flavors - raspberry, peach and strawberry, topped with a sugared paper-thin slice of pineapple.  this was sugar overload for sure, to top it off, we received three or four platters of complimentary petit fours.  AMAZING food and EXCEPTIONAL service.
5	Best meal of my life!  Seriously, this was the best meal I have ever had in my life.  I have been here twice and had the chefs pairings with wine.  Every course was an adventure and an amazing experience.  The people that work there (including the chef who gave us a kitchen tour) are fantastic.  They treat you like a rock star.If you go here, be sure to have the chefs pairing.  It is worth the $150 experience.
2	Ok, let me explain...Yes, the food is DELICIOUS and the wine tower is pretty impressive, but the service was TERRIBLE!!!! Came here with my dad and BF on a not-crowded sunday night, and we waited forever for the waiter to even bring us the computerized wine list, then he didn't even come back to take the order! The wait was so long that I eventually got up to find the house manager and let her know that we were not happy. I am a very patient diner, so that is something that I would almost never do, but that's how bad the service was. The place is also laid out weirdly. The best tables do not even have a view of the famous "wine angels" so we opted to sit in the main dining room which was nothing special, and we did see 1 wine angel, but she was not as graceful as I would have hoped.
4	Very nice place. Even if you just want to experience the "wine fairies" (they fly up on wires to get the wine) go to the bar and order a NICE bottle of wine with dessert. For dinner, the ambiance is open and pleasant. Service was very good. I would say the food is a 8.5 out of 10. There are better places to eat, but this is among the top. If you love wine, this is the place to go. Amazing wine selection - they even give you a digital computer pad to select from because their wine list is so extensive. They have a sampling menu complete with wine pairings for a very good price - $85 dinner only/add $55 with wine pairings.The only thing we did not like was that they had some girl offering to take your photo when we were there. Totally not a fit with the atmosphere. Maybe she was the owner's daughter??
4	Stayed at THEhotel with my wife and was shocked to see Charlie Palmer's reputable spot honor the restaurant.com certificate for $50.00.  The service started slower than we are used to in the sense it took a while for a menu / wine list to be offered/  This all fell into place but we still did seem to have quite a few waiters (one for menus, one for wine glasses, one for wine etc).  This actually turned out to be a strong point as the entire staff was had great knowledge of the food and the culinary cooking process.  We really enjoyed talking to each and every one of the staff from the server to the captain.  The food was all spot on -- My wife ordered butternut squash ravioli and a tai snapper while I went with the foie gras over a pork bread with a berry sorbet on top and the scallops over pork belly for my main.  Very different and it is evident the executive chef carries out charlie palmers vision of top quality pork dishes.  They bought us an incredible dessert sampler along with a plate of petit fours for the conclusion of the meal.  I advise trying this place if you are into trying out of the ordinary food executed well.  I would like to try to NYC location since that is where I live.
2	Went back to Aureole after about 2 years and a very good meal. Mandalay Bay has become rather seedy like the rest of the strip. Entering the restaurant one is "greeted" on a very cool level by a maitr D' speaking to a helper. They continued their conversation for a few minutes before seating us. Not an auspicious beginning. The menu arrives and it is their most expensive, the tasting menu. We asked for their other menus, a prix fixe and an a la carte. They seated us in the Swan Court which used to cost an extra $10, petty no. They don't charge that now but you have to have the tasting menu there. When I told them, in less coarse terms, that they were nuts, they said I could stay there with any menu. Whooppee. The 4000 bottle wine list has 2 Beujolois, none of them high quality. The wine is horribly overpriced, I would guess 400% over cost. A pleasant young man acting as sommelier hung in and finally bought us an OK Spanish wine for $75. We ordered a la carte. A foix gras we ordered turned out to be seared, not a pate. They rectified that. If you are very strong you can get what you want. The service was good, the food excellent. Bottom line the place has absolutely no class. There is nothing elegant about it or the hotel. Upon leaving we asked them to call the valet to get our car ready. That was against their policy for some really inane reason. As I said, no class at all. We will never return.
3	very nice ambiance.  would have been a decent date spot... unfortunately went with a dood friend.  food was overly salty and not tasty.  the best part of the dinner was the really nice bar tender at the bar.
5	We celebrated my husband's 30th birthday here. Upon arrival we were able to secure a table in Swan Court. We selected the Parallel Tasting Menu ($95 per person). Before we got started, we were welcomed with an amuse bouche tasting of smoked salmon mousse in a cucumber, crab eggroll, and croque monsieur. Each was wonderful and left us wanting more. French banguettes satisfied buttery carb cravings. The first course was foie gras and duck prosciutto. The prosciutto was smoky and bold. It was wonderful. The second course followed,  black cod and diver scallop brandade lyonnaise, it was executed beautifully. Next was braised lamb shoulder and a lamb chop propped on polenta and served with eggplant stuffed with peppers, the chop was wonderfully delicious. The fourth and final course was tropical fruit salad, a scoop of what tasted like orange sherbet and cream. Each were cool and refreshing as was the complimentary sorbets. Service was outstanding throughout the meal.Purchase a restaurant.com certificate during a sale and it makes Aureole a steal.
4	I brought my girlfriend and I here for our anniversary after the Lion King show. The decor was very nice and the service was very accoumdating based on my experience. We started with a small plate of the sirloin sliders, which was tasty, but could of used a kick, complimentary bread and butter were also given. For the bread they had a good variety. For my main course I had the tai snapper, which was okay, but not something I would order again because the flavor was too mild for my liking. My counterpart ordered something chicken supreme, which I loved, and the plating was also very nice. We didn't have any wine that night, but we did have dessert, which was free because it was our anniversary. We were given a plate of 6 assorted pastries and a plate trio of sorbet, all of which were good. In the end we were given two small boxes of goodies made by Megan Romano, and I believe that each box contains something different, one had chocolate cashews and mine were chocolate truffles. You can get gift certificates for the Aureole on restaurant.com, which will save you quite a bit of money, and make the overall value even better :)
2	before the recession, me and my family used to go eat fine dining every sunday. i asked my mom if we could go here (big mistake)the service was terrible and the food was mediocre at best. i think that the pretentious waiters felt that it was okay to treat us like we were invisible the whole night since it was a family dining there with children.maybe the food would have tasted better if i wasn't dying of thirst all throughout the dinner
3	Aureole is very pretty -- a wide open main room with a several-story high ceiling, candlelit elegant tables and dim lighting (which could be "intimate" if you were on a date, but is just a little dark if you're trying something new and actually want to see your food), and of course the elevated entryway bridge and stairwell (there's also an elevator) and the four-story tall wine tower.  The food, though, didn't really measure up.  It was okay, but I expected brilliance to match the price and setting.  (I almost want to rate this a 2 out of disappointment.)  I have to admit that the portions were excellent sizes -- no skimping on the appetizers or entrees.  'Entertainment'-wise, I was a bit sad that throughout my leisurely dinner I only saw the wine angels do their thing twice, and once was because a high roller specifically asked to see it.  I understand that it's not a guaranteed thing, of course -- it's not a show -- but as one of the restaurant's main showpieces, I just expected the tower to be more utilized.Would I return?  Probably not.  It was only okay and there are plenty of other nice restaurants in Vegas.
2	Made reservations for two.  Not to my knowledge, whoever made our reservations stuck us in the Swan Court section that apparently only serves from the prix fixe menu.  After walking through the loud main dining room, we were sat window front with a nice view of the outside.  Though the server was courteous, he was obviously dismayed when I handed him the Restaurant.com print-up.  When I asked to order a la carte, he said that menu is unavailable in that dining room because it's "nicer."  Yes, he enjoyed emphasizing that word.  When I told him I wasn't aware of this and did not request to sit in that area, he walked off to probably dispute it with the hostess, and then returned with regular menus.  At the end of the meal when the check came, he miraculously "forgot" to apply the Restaurant.com gift code.Why am I giving the restaurant 2 stars than 1? The food was really good, and I very much enjoyed my wine.  It's just too bad that the server was unable to mask his disdain better, which ruined what could have been a great dining experience.
4	Came here for a conference meeting - and had a wonderful time with appetizers, wine and so forth.Food was pre-selected, and shockingly, I decided to pair their house cab with the steak.  Caesar salad, and a lobster bisque rounded out my meal, with a decadant chocolate cake to follow.The key element of the decor is the wine tower that's enclosed in glass, where one can watch the servers find, select, and retrieve wine.I'd be curious to try the food on a non-set menu, but the quality was fair -- and it was free, which always makes things more tasty.
4	The food is delicious! The best part is after you order a bottle of wine, a person climbs (goes up using ropes) this towering wine tower to get a bottle. The steak was the most tender I have ever tasted. Also, I would recommend the clams if you like very rich things. The only downside is that the service is slower than a snail. I bet you that a snail could crawl up the huge wine tower before you leave. That is why I'm rating this 4 stars.
3	So keep in mind, as my husband says "we're spoiled". No we don't eat at Michelin star restaurants every night, but since living here we've had so much damn good food! My standards for a 5 star dining place are really high - I expect the best when I'm shelling out big bucks! We were drawn to Aureole by a $50 GC from restaurant.com and an $85 valentines day weekend 5 course menu. The menu *sounded* good and we'd never tried Aureole so figured it was a great time to give it a go. I think I read the word "Corporate" in someone else's review in describing the atmosphere. It was pretty, but it felt like a nice hotel in Sweden or something to me. It was cold, austere, modern, but not in a "cool" sense. Just kinda blah.The wine angel and wine tablet were freaking cool. I was however disappointed by their insane prices (only 3 red wines in the entire book under $50 that I could find!) and every wine I wanted to drink (favorites from Napa/Italy) weren't in there. So much for their huge wine list. We did try a $60 or so bottle from Italy and were happy, however.Anyways, if you're still with me.. here's the food!*Caviar/Smoked Salmon: So incredibly blah and boring. I love smoked salmon but this fell flat. I had a better smoked salmon appetizer at a wedding I was at recently - sad.*Short Rib Ravioli with Foie Gras - This was divine and saved the meal from being one of the most boring meals I've had in a long time.*Dover Sole - bland and tasteless. I took 2 bites and quit eating it. *Beef Wellington - I do love me some Beef Wellington but this was one of the worst I've had. Not particularly flavorful and didn't compare to Chef's Palette in Henderson. *Dessert - lots of sorbet, some raspberry parfait thing, some icky coffee flavored "tart". Nothing to write home about. Overall I was pretty disappointed by this pricey dinner. None of the food was awful, but it was so freaking boring and bland I felt like I was eating cruise line food or catered food. There weren't those special touches you get at Alex (amuse bouche platter, special desserts,etc) and for $40 more per person I wish I had spent my money there instead! For the record I also was pretty disappointed by Charlie Palmer Steak in the Four Seasons. Maybe his NYC outposts are good, but his Vegas restaurants could really use some work!
4	Yes there is a wine angel and wine computer thing.  Now that we've got that out of the way, I found the food outstanding, and very plentiful.  The breads were excellent and the french onion soup with puff pastry was otherworldy.  The missus was full before the main course came out and I was about 90%.  The service is excellent and the atmosphere is foo-foo.I could hardly eat my entree, I was so full.  We were gifted with a chef's dessert of petit-fours, but I could hardly touch them.  Darn that bread!
5	My bf and I ate at Aureole in LV on February 13 to celebrate V-day sans the crowds and annoying prix fix menu. I'm a big fan of Charlie Palmer family of restaurants; personally I think it's way better than Michael Mina. Since we had such a great experience at Aureole in New York City, I thought we should give it a second try for the real thing: dinner extravaganza. The one thing that my bf pointed out to me while we're walking down to the reception area was that the restaurant has a "wine angel" who "flies" up and down the massive wine cellar. Unfortunately, we didn't get to see the wine angel since we were seated in the area facing the swan pool (yes, there were swans and they were vicious). Two things that really stood out during this 3-hour dining experience: our single super chatty and super nice sommelier from Santa Fee (let's call her "Bertha" because I don't remember her name; yes, I chose the name "Bertha" for a reason) and the incredible food. For those of you who know me, I don't drink alcohol except dessert wine in particular Muscato D'asti. Well, Miss Bertha here introduced me to my new favorite wine: Brochetta D'acqui. I was so digging the wine; I had two glasses (gasp!). At the end of dinner, she gave us two beautiful roses and two bags of the most delicious chocolate powder covered almonds you will have ever in your life. I certainly hope she finds a boyfriend soon because she really seemed like a great gal; lose a few pounds, a little make over (ok, a lot), and some M.A.C. touchup girlfriend can be quite a catch. Let's face it: physical attraction always starts with outer beauty. Ok got a little sidetracked on Bertha. We had a five-course tasting dinner menu, and the one thing that really stuck in my head (to this day) was the beef wellington. It is THE BEST single dish I have ever had so far. The foie gras on top of the filet mignon wrapped in puffy pastry was literally heaven on earth. Unfortunately, this dish is not a permanent menu item. But if the restaurant happens to offer it, order it. You will want more; shoot, order two dishes and take one home. I give this restaurant a 5-star because overall it was probably the best dining experience I've ever had. Each course was presented beautifully and tasted amazing. The service was very attentive without being overbearing. We were able to take a break between courses, walk around the swan pool and feed the hungry and aggressive swans. One thing about all Charlie Palmer locations: awesome bread selection and you can totally stuff your face with as much carbs as you want. But even without the unlimited bread, Aureole will not let you down. It is a culinary journey that is worthy of your presence (and deep pocket).
4	Let's face it - when you go to Vegas, it's all over the top. It's not enough to be a great restaurant. You need a gimmik to make it noteworthy and to stand apart from the competition. Chef Charlie Palme's Aureole has chosen wine as their over the top signature statement.I could talk about the food, but I would have to say it's about par with the rest of the Vegas scene. Good juicy steaks, etc. I was dining on a prix fixe menu, as I was with a large group. My options were typical (an ahi appetizer, a filet, and a nice dessert). So my knowledge of the menu is limited, but I was very happy with what they offered, and my meal.Now, let's jump to the fun part - their take on wine.Aureole decided not to bury their 10,000 + bottles of wine selections in a basement or cellar. Instead, they opted to encase it in an acrylic tower that spans four stories (42 feet) through the center of the restaurant. When you enter the restaurant, you pass by this absolutely amazing tower of wine, displayed for all to see - from all four sides. Yes, it's cool to look at. But even MORE COOL? How they retrieve the wine. A beautiful woman, dressed in a sleek black leotard is hoisted up like a trapeze artist for every bottle. She is referred to as the "Wine Angel" and she's absolutely delightful to watch. Every time a bottle of wine is ordered, it's retrieved by the Wine Angel. She's a mesmerizing acrobat as she flies up within the encased tower, plucking your order out of her acrylic Heavens.You can also ask for the "wine tablet" which is an electronic wine menu. It sounds cooler than it is - as it had a bad user interface. I'd prefer to tip the wine angel $20.00 & tell her to reach for something tasty!Overall - review? Do go to Aureole once - or at least walk in to see it. The wine angel is something we've all dreamed about!!
5	Came here a few years ago. Service was unbelievable... waiter-to-guest ratio was 4:1. Definitely pricey... had the 9-course sampler with the wine pairing with tax/tip totaled $200pp. But totally worth it! You'd think the tiny bite sized portions for each course would never fill you up. I'm a BIG guy and I was getting full by the 7th dish.
2	Although the decor, layout, and service was impressive along with their extensive wine list (I hear there are around 50,000) and their UBER-COOL touch-screen wine tablet ordering process & the way the wines are retrieved from a giant four-story, temperature controlled glass and steel wine tower (apparently the largest in the world - and even cooler, "wine angels" in black attach themselves to a harness of sorts to retrieve your bottle of choice), we had to limit ourselves to the prix-fixe menu as we had tickets to Lion King for that same evening. I'm not sure if maybe that was our mistake, but I've been to plenty of other places where the pre-theater menu's been outstanding. Was a little disappointed w/this particular Charlie Palmer location. Maybe Dry Creek won't disappoint the next time I go to Wine Country..Also, there was a rather pushy photographer moving from table to table offering to take pictures of people, and then interrupting your dinner with a sales pitch. I'm surprised the staff at Aureole allow that..We ordered:* GRILLED CHICKEN SKEWER "PUTTANESCA" FENNEL SCENTED ORZO         - [2.5/5 - A little chewy and under seasoned.]* GRILLED PACIFIC MAHI MAHI CORN AND FINGERLING POTATO HASH, TEQUILA LIME JUS         - [1/5 - Unpalatable, my friend struggled to eat it and didn't end up having more than 1/5th with my help.]* ROASTED BELL PEPPER AND SMOKED MOZZARELLA RAVIOLIS CREAMY SPINACH         - [3/5 - Average decent ravioli - I've tasted better in casual bistros.]* DARK CHOCOLATE PECAN TART BOURBON SAUCE         - [2/5 - Alright.]* CARAMELIZED BANANA BREAD PUDDING, BUTTERSCOTCH SAUCE         - [4/5 - The starring dish of the night. In retrospect, I don't think it was STELLAR, but it was definitely the most delicious thing we consumed that night.]
4	Was invited here for a dinner with some business colleagues.  Our host asked if we were all cool having the 'tasting menu' which was basically a 5 course menu sampler.  Since he was paying, I didn't argue :-) (about $80/person).It was fantastic.  Eclectic mix of flavors and things I didn't think about before.  Each course featured a key ingredient, but then prepared in 2 different ways.  It was a great way to sample the Chef at Aureole.  It is hard to describe the type of cuisine in this place as based on some of the things they serve you'd argue it is Latin flavored...but it didn't really have a cuisine signature.  Don't let that stop you though...there is something for everyone.If you like wine, this is the place with the tower wine rack.  They have the 'wine angels' (which I think should be called Wine Ninjas based on what they wear) who get on wires and pulleys to get your bottle of wine down.The one thing I didn't like was the photographer.  Some random lady came to every table taking pictures.  For the type of place this was (and prices) that was unexpected and a bit annoying.  I thought I was in a fine dining place, but then I was temporarily transported to a vegas splash mountain camera experience.  Then she comes back with pressure to sell them.  Again, just odd and out of place for a fine dining experience in my opinion.  Our host was gracious enough to buy the pictures for us, which was nice, but I felt he shouldn't have had to feel that pressure.  Note to Aureole: ditch the photographer and let people enjoy their conversation and dinner.
3	Pretty good . Too bad we couldn't see the wine tower!!!!! Ask and be sure to move tables if you cant'!!
4	I found myself hungry tonight at Mandalay Bay after seeing a band play at House of Blues (Cursive, they were great, thanks for asking).  I had a $50 gift certificate in my car for Aureole (from restaurant.com, it cost me $2), so my girlfriend and I went there for dinner.The reviews on Yelp weren't _too_ great, so I wasn't super excited, but I came way from dinner very pleased.  The restaurant setting is great, even though the wine angels weren't working.  Service was really good... our waters were never empty, the bread guy came around twice to give us more pretzel bread, etc.I had the swordfish and my girlfriend had the sea bass.  We enjoyed her dish a little more, but both were unique offerings and were pretty good.  We're not big eaters, so the two main courses were plenty to get us stuffed, but they had a big dessert menu we really, really wanted to order from.Bonus points to the sommelier for taking care of us.  We inquired why there wasn't a wine flight like on the restaurant.com menu, and he told me they don't do that anymore since nobody ordered it.  But he offered to put one together for us.  When I told him that was OK, he ended up letting us sample a white wine he recommended, and he didn't charge us for it.Needless to say I left a generous tip.  Our entire bill after the GC and tax, but before gratuity, was $17.02.  Not bad for a restaurant of this caliber.
5	For my 30th birthday, my wife and I decided to check out Aureole. We wanted to go somewhere fancy and just (over)indulge our senses. We chose the Swan room, where diners get the occasional glimpse of swans swimming past the windows. From the moment we arrived, everyone who worked there was extremely welcoming and friendly. We received pre-meal appetizers as we tried a glass of wine, and all of it was delicious. The dining path we chose was the Parallel Tasting menu, and boy were we pleased with our decision.I tend not to try new foods in restaurants, especially when it's pricey. This night, however, I was determined to expand my culinary horizons and explore these dishes with an open mind. I'm thrilled that I did this.What You Get With the Parallel Tasting:First CourseYUZU MARINATED LOBSTER TAIL   ARTICHOKE VEGETABLE SALAD AND BASIL AIOLI-AND-LOBSTER AND SWEET CORN FRITTER   KUMQUAT CHUTNEY, BEAN SHOOT SALADALBARINO, IBERIAN REMIX, CENTRAL COAST 2008 Second CourseOVEN ROASTED SEA BASS   PUMPKIN RISOTTO, SAGE BUTTER SAUCE-AND-SEARED SWEETBREADS, PUMPKIN FIN TART   PUMPKIN SEED OIL VINAIGRETTEPINOT NOIR, AMBULLNEO, SOLOMAN HILLS, SANTA YNEZ 2006 Third CourseGRILLED WAGYU BEEF STRIP LOIN   WILTED TATSOI, MARINATED ENOKI MUSHROOMS-AND-BEER BRAISED BEEF SHORT RIB   APPLE-SHALLOT CONFIT, BACON JUSCABERNET FRANC, ROBERT SINSKEY, VANDAL VINEYARD, CARNEROS 2005 Fourth CourseTOASTED ALMOND TORRONE BOMBE   CHOCOLATE CANDIED NUTS-AND-CARAMEL ALMOND TART   DARK CHOCOLATE ESSENCEEISWEIN, KRACHER, AUSTRIA 2008The food and drink was extremely pleasant, the tablet used for wine ordering was great for us techies, and we saw the swans all night. What truly made the evening, though, was the outstanding service we received. Everything came to the table precisely when we wanted it. Having worked in food service, I can tell you that this takes a very attentive and coordinated server. We were never short on water, the food was always the right temperature and no dirty dishes remained on our table for more than a few minutes after we completed our courses.I HIGHLY recommend Aureole (and the Swan room) for any couples looking to enjoy a romantic evening filled with mouth-watering food, awesome wines and a relaxing ambiance.
5	Invited back by the GM after a poor experience Aureole made amends in spades. Great meal, great wine and service. We will return. Ask for Orlando. Try the Egelhoff Cabernet. We had a 2005 which, though young, was superb. $150. Chef does amazing things with simple dishes. A great rack of lamb from Colorado. Incredible succotash would you believe. Seared foix gfras (duck) as good as it gets.
5	I had the pleasure of dining at Aureole in the Mandalay Bay on Friday night, and let me begin by saying that this is truly a world-class establishment.  Of course, our food was great, delicious and beautifully plated as one would expect, but what really made this meal was the exceptional service we received from everyone we encountered.I drink my fair share of good wine, but I'll admit to being a little intimidated by the concept of "sommelier." I got over this quickly after meeting Adam, our sommelier for the evening.  His friendliness, affability, and unpretentiousness really added to our enjoyment of the evening.  It didn't hurt that he was pouring exceptionally good wines by the glass, and kept us tasting wines that we never would have ordered on our own and really ended up enjoying.  Even if you don't order a bottle, make sure to check out the extensive wine list, presented on a tablet PC and sortable by varietal, region, vintage, etc.  Very cool.I started with a Caesar salad and my wife with a baby fields greens salad.  Both were excellent, although I'd have to say that mine was a bit prettier.  I ordered a loup de mer and my wife had a dish featuring smoked sturgeon and scallops.  I'd say she was the winner of the entree contest, with mine being slightly overcooked.  I was happy nonetheless, as the accompanying flavors and the terrific wine more than balanced any deficiencies in the dish's preparation.We finished with a dynamite warm lava mocha cake and some small complementary truffles.  And of course a nice ice wine for our liquid desert.Bernard, the dining room manager, has brought his years of experience at Spago to Aureole, and it shows.  Nice work, everyone!  Thanks for a terrific evening.
5	Went here for a vacation/ one year anniversary meal and the food was amazing. We don't go to Michelin-ranked restaurants (not more than once a year anyway), so needless to say the food was amazing.  I had the prix-fixe, and the fish was perfect (I think it was snapper, perfectly complemented with the sauce and the flavors). My boyfriend had the cod.   You would also never think that a side dish of asparagus could also be so amazing, and the dessert was a burst of raspberry and creme.  We went to Fleur de Lys the next night, and although the ambiance and service there was flawless I appreciated how gracious and patient the waiters were in helping us make wine and food choices.  And the food is something I won't forget - for another year at least.
3	I was really excited about this dinner, and it was great. The ambiance of the place was really stellar, the food was super solid and the service was efficient. But, where was the personality? I know they have the wine tower, I know that the service is polished and the food is cooked perfectly, but how about a little soul? We did the parallel tasting menu and each course held its own. The salmon I had was really really great. The beef was cooked perfectly. Desserts were great. The wine pairings all went super great. But, how about some love and pride in your food and in the servers? We got an extra dessert thrown in and one other dessert wine with our last course, and that was a nice touch. This was more like 3.5 stars. If in Vegas, I wouldn't return, onlike a couple other places I visited there.
3	If you stick to the tasting menu or the fresh seasonal menu, you will have a nice dining experience.  The main menu is ok, but nothing special.  The wine angel, pixie, etc. is a fun gimmick.  My advice is to avoid the tablet computer wine list, and ask the excellent sommelier to navigate the wine inventory for you.Service is good.  Decor is ok, but not my favorite.  I have not been to the home restaurant in NYC, so I can't make a comparison.
5	Loved every minute of it.  This was our first time away from the kids in 2+ years so we decided to treat ourselves to a nice dinner at Aerole.  We chose to sit in the Swan Court or Swan Room - whatever it is called, I highly recommend it.  Our server, Eddy??, was the best.  He took his time, made suggestions, helped us along and never made us feel rushed.  He created a great dining experience for us.  And the GM, Bernard, is outstanding.  He thanked us for our business, made sure everything was up to our expectations and then made recommendations for another dinner the next night.  Not only did he made recommendations, he called and made reservations for us and called us the next day to confirm.  Talk about taking that extra step!  The food - wow.  Beyond good.  Each course I found myself saying, "no, this is my favorite."  "Oh, this one!  This is my new favorite."  Each course was better than the next, which is saying something when the first course is so outstanding.I would absolutely recommend Aerole for your next fancy dinner in Vegas!  SO GOOD!!  SO HAPPY!!
4	The first time hubby and I ate here we did the full tasting menu and had I written a review at that time, I would have easily given it five stars. Each dish was so unique, beautifully presented and tasty beyond belief. On our most recent trip to Vegas we wanted to eat at as many great places as possible. I love to plan out all my culinary stops and make reservations weeks before.  On this particular night we were seeing the AFI show (my favorite punk rock turned slightly sell out band) so we had some issues with time. Besides Aureole having the earliest opening time, they were conveniently located near the House of Blues (AFI) at Mandalay.  So, in hopes of another fabulous meal...This time hubby and I ordered a la carte (time constraints). We shared a couple of tapas style small bites and then ordered entrees. We skipped dessert. Everything was very good but nothing was as stand out as the tasting menu enjoyed prior to this visit. Everything was still far better than our dinner the prior evening at Michael Mina (hubby will disagree with me there). Aureole's wine list is excellent. It could take you half the evening to make a selection if you didn't know what you were looking for or didn't ask for help. The service is really good. The restaurant itself is beautiful. With the wine cellar as the focal point, the main dining area is wide open with high ceilings. The decor is contemporary but the lighting is dim and very romantic.  I wish they had more bathrooms (they have a one-person ladies room) without having to leave the restaurant itself. My only real complaint echoes a fellow yelper's review. I think having a photographer make the rounds and take pictures of guests is kind of uncool, unclassy and commercial feeling. I felt interrupted and obliged to have my picture taken. The results I would liken to a slightly fuzzy prom picture.  It brought the ambiance of the place down and maybe if enough people yelp about it management will put an end to it. In all, a good evening. We will be back in the future but without a doubt we will take the time to do the tasting menu.
5	Whoa, what a cool wine tower. unfortunately, I sat in the swan room, and did not get a chance to witness the wine fairy doing their thing. Make a note to not sit in the swan room next time.I made reservations for 2 at 9.30 on Saturday. They close their kitchen at 10.30. The Server pulled out my chair and and put on my napkin. Good signs.I opted for the 4-course 8 dishes, $95 parallel prix fixe menu, and my bf got the $85 3-course. spring pea and ricotta ravioli for appetiser, grilled N.Y. strip loin with a side of rustic smashed potato.My dungeness crab and ahi tuna mille feauille was was delectable, perfectly accompanied by the coconut kefir lime froth. It was a refreshing cold dish, layered with avocado. The crab was definitely very fresh.The parallel was the seared dungeness grab cake, bedded with papaya. It was bursting with flavours, and as a hater of red pepper? I devoured it all.Second course came the olive oil poached wild king salmon. one of the most tender salmon i've had, with a hint of citrus that accompanied the fish very nicely.the parallel was the house made salmon angelotti in tomato dressing. The Angelotti was very al dente, I wasn't that big of a fan of this dish. it was slightly bland for my taste. I think the salmon was overpowered by the angelotti.Next up came the Wagyu beef strip loin bedded with an abalone mushroom. The beef was very tender, the meat was full of original flavour. i did not like the abalone mushroom, the mushroom taste was overwhelming! i am normally a fan of mushroom too.The parallel was the sea diver scallop surrounded by gnocci, morel mushroom and fava beans. O.M.G. the best scallop i've ever had. the freshness oozed out of every bite i tried to savour. It was cooked to perfection. The Gnocci was a little bland. The beans and mushroom completed the dish.My boyfriend's spring pea and ricotta ravioli was delicious. al dente and i quote "the best ravioli i've ever had" For spring pea, it was full of flavour and scrumptious.His NY strip loin was pretty good, but not the best. it was still slightly hard in medium rare. it was huge though!Dessert was the cherry on top. My BF was stuffed and didn't want any dessert, but they still gave us a plate of 6 assorted sorbets on the house! one or two of them was a little sour, but everything else was very fruity that flawlessly melts in your mouth.  I was stuffed at this point. I finished the lemon mascarpone semifreddo, that had whole blueberries inside, YUM! Everything was melt in your mouth delicious! However, i didn't manage to finish the blueberry meyer lemon financier as I was too full. I had a couple bites and it was just too filling for me. it tasted like cake but denser, still very good. Maybe I should've packed it!  The blueberry lemon verbena sorbet was too sour for my liking. As we exited, rows and echoes of goodbyes and thank yous was said to us from all the servers around, including those that didn't serve us. What a way to end a special night!Tip: Tasting menu is the way to go! only $10 more anyways! you will get full! Don't eat too much bread because you can get full from your 8 course!Favourites: fresh, delicious and delicately cooked. great serviceDo not want: pricey i guess? not too much. lack of choicesLast words: A perfect dining experience!
5	I'm not here to rate the food. the food was what you would expect from a good Las vegas restaurant, but nothing REALLY REALLY special. Maybe I had the wrong thing.However, I'm giving it a 5 becaue of my wait at the bar. Both bar tenders knew their shit, about wine, liquor, port. Does that make us all alcoholics?To top it off he let me try some 1975 port, which made me happy...and I like being happy. Oh cool wine tower by the way, but they need naked chicks getting the bottles, it would be better.
2	This was featured on some travel show because of their super tall wine tower and "wine angels."  It's pretty cool watching the two women suspended by wires going up and down to fetch wine.  Their wine list is also computerized - they give you something that looks like an iPad rather than a paper menu.  The ambiance is nice and the food is good but nothing wowed me. However, our server Ronaldo, left much to be desired as we found him to be brusque and somewhat rude.We came in using a gift certificate from Restaurant.com, so maybe that's why we got shabby treatment.  Obviously the restaurant is in need of new customers, which is they they had the certificate offered on Restaurant.com to begin with.  My friend ordered a glass of wine (Chardonnay - $12) and I drank tap.  After we ordered our entrees, the waiter asked, "And for your first course?"  A more diplomatic way he could have asked if we were ordering appetizers could have been, "Will you be ordering anything else?"  I found it to be pretty rude and pushy to assume we would be ordering appetizers.  Sorry, but since when is it expected that you order a certain amount when dining out?  I would have tipped him much less than I did, except that we were waited on by various ppl, so I assumed they shared the tip and I did not want to stiff some of the others who were quite nice (the bread man, the man who refilled our glasses).  We were also largely ignored after our entrees came.  No one asked how our dinner was and we had to wait at least 10 minutes after our dishes were cleared to get dessert menus hastily thrown at us.  As a result, we did not order any dessert due to the treatment we got.   I noticed the table next to us did not get serviced very well either, even though the guy ordered a $200 bottle of wine.  However, I did notice that someone asked them if they would like to have their picture taken, and they declined.  No one asked us if we'd like our picture taken!!  As far as the food goes, the seafood is fresh but I doubt it's sustainable.  The scallops were succulent and large; my black cod was tender.  The corn succotash was good but not $8 worth.  I think it had like two beans in it - they call that succotash??  I loved the bread!  I got the pretzel bread (my favorite) and some bacon tasting bread, which was also good.  I won't be back, with or without a coupon.  Aureole should really hire nicer waiters or at least train the ones they have better.
4	It almost pains me to give it 4 stars instead of 5... almost. when i think about the 3-hour dinner, the rating is justified.As with most of the famous chef restaurant ventures in the lovely town of Vegas, the decor is opulent. But what makes this place unique is their center column wine rack and the wine angels that retrieve the bottles. About 5 years ago when we came by, the angels were scantily clad Vegas girls. Now, they're fully clothed servers. Eh, I guess they felt the attire to be more appropriate. Whatever. Food was excellent, as expected. The wife had the parallel tasting menu. Due to some food specificity, we requested that some components be substituted. The chef had no problems doing so. Preparation was impeccable and tastes were truly deserving of praise. The only disappointment was the 2nd course on the parallel menu of salmon prepared 2-ways. Neither were truly impressive.Service was my biggest complaint. The server(s) were extremely polite, friendly, and present. However, the speed of the meal was painfully slow. Typically, 2 hours is my max allotment. 3 hours really tests my patience. Perhaps the kitchen was backed up. Maybe they just expect you to dine and converse for 3 hours. If so, this is not my type of dining experience.Nevertheless, this was a very pleasant experience. I feel fancy now having ate here.
2	Yelp reviews took us to this restaurant and I have to say, it was a major disappointment.It began with the Waiter/Somellier who basically gave us the bums rush. We were barely seated before he decended and raced through the wine options without so much as a warm smile, introduction, welcome, or caring about the fact that my wife had been seated on the gap between two bench seats. Cutting to the end of the service, as he presented the bill he finally decided to smile and converse with us. Too late, buddy.Maybe it had something to do with the fact that we decided to order multiple appetizers rather than one main course each in order to sample as much of the fair as possible...who knows.The food was ok but not stellar. The foie gras was excellent but that's the only thing that I even remember from the meal. In fact, now that I'm writing this, I really can't recall what we ate, it was that unforgettable.Of course, it could have been an off-day. But hey - restaurants that charge this kind of money should never have an off=day.The wine tower was a novelty but I'm here for the food.This restaurant will be easy to walk past in future.
3	There's this preconceived notion people have that just because a restaurant has a five star infrastructure and design, that their food will follow suit.   In fact i think at times people fool themselves into thinking their $50 scallop is amazing just because the portion is so small and it's expensive.  As a frequent eater all over the place, I've learned to be much more critical. I've seen this restaurant featured so many times on the Food Network, Style Network and more.  The center of attention is this GRAND scale wine center, where their "wine angel" is harnessed and suspends inside selecting your wine for you.  For the price point of the restaurant, some of the dishes were better than others.  The sliders were mediocre, but the Venison in this apple puree was so good that everyone thought it tasted like lamb, there was no gamey flavor at all.  Though I didn't try it, I was told that the clams were quite delish. Not sure if I'll go back, but it was definitely a nice place.  I wonder how such a large restaurant only has ONE mens bathroom stall.
1	Turns out that my $100 tip was not enough for the mavens @ Aureole. The server had the nerve to suggest $150. Let me get this straight; I get INVITED to dinner because of a bad experience previously where I paid full price. Graciously, I accept. We are offered a domestic Champagne when we are seated which we refuse. Their wine list is so over inflated that,though we are limited to what we can order, we get a very good wine, Egelhoff (never heard of it either) cabernet. It's priced @ $150. Rest of the meal we order as we always do,same as the wine. I figure the meal costs about @250-350 with the wine. Thus, $100 is a  30 to 40% tip. I thought it was a good tip. How about you. Trouble with this place, with its excellent chef is it has absolutely no class. Imagine turning a customer off after trying to win him back.Oh yes; the reason for this review is that I wrote twice to thank the manager I was never favored with a reply.
5	Enticing menu, check. An electronic wine list, check.  Awesome and attentive service, check. Two story wine fridge, check. People scaling walls to get my wine, check. Really, can't get too many more checks in my book. Aurole was amazing. The three course tasting menu was both intriguing and inventive in its choices and the food came out with impeccable service and great conversation to add to it. The wine list was really cool to peruse through, clicking on options to see their available wines. We definitely spent some time playing around before we selected our choice for the evening. We were able to watch one of the girls climb up to get our wine, which happened to be at the very top. The whole experience was great and I would recommend Aurole to anyone looking for a great dining experience. This place isn't just about the food, it's about walking away with some great memories of a great restaurant.
4	We celebrated our anniversary here. Excellent food, attentive service, beautiful space. My only complaints would be the limited selection of wines by the glass (wife doesn't drink and I can't possibly drink a bottle with dinner) and the close seating for couples along a bench. I didn't get enough time to scope the place out to try and pick a better spot. But it was a minor thing until a loud couple started snuggling side by side on the bench next to us. Gag. And I did get a fine glass of wine, just not the satisfaction of going through pages and pages of wine so that I could agonize over the decision.Anyway... I ordered the Parallel Tasting menu. Four courses, 2 dishes side by side in each course. Everything was drop dead gorgeous and delicious. There was beef, there was crab, there was salmon. I should have taken notes... Anyway, it was great.She ordered a soft shell crab appetizer that was quite good and the Bleu Cheese Crusted Filet that even I, a Bleu Cheese denier, found tasty.Having seen on our Open Table reservation that we were celebrating our anniversary, they brought us a complimentary dessert. Nevermind that we had both ordered dessert, it was really nice - a sextet of sorbet balls in 3 flavors. Yum.Finally, Restaurant.com had a $50 coupon for $4. That was processed with zero fuss and made the evening that much nicer when the bill came. All in all, a wonderful evening.
3	My boyfriend and I wandered spontaneously into this restaurant at 9 pm on a Saturday night, following a show, and to our surprise, there were plenty of open tables. The decor is lovely, though it is on the verge of looking dated. The service, while thorough, was slow as molasses, but as I'd read the Yelp reviews before, I knew to expect this. That said, we never felt rushed, and ultimately got everything we needed. We scanned the menu and decided on the "chef's harvest menu" (I think that's what it was called?) which was a 3-course prix fixe menu of seasonal ingredients, costing $65. We weren't that hungry and we asked them if we could split it, and they generously obliged, even going so far as to plate the split portions separately without charging us a penny. We started with the arugula, strawberry, and rhubarb salad, which was delicious. We then had the halibut with risotto and some other delicious sides I can't recall. I thought it was ok, but my boyfriend loved it. My issue was that I had been completely ruined for Halibut by the Black Mountain Grill, who served me the most perfectly cooked piece of Halibut I've had in recent memory last week, so I was tough to impress. We finished with a chocolate spearmint bar topped with housemade whipped cream and vanilla bean ice cream, served with a tray of 5 housemade confections that I think comes with every meal. It was tasty, but forgettable. All of this was accompanied by a generously poured $20 glass of Grappa, by far the best Grappa I've ever had, and well worth the price tag. (Though we split this, as neither of us wanted a whole glass). Overall it was a good value - we were stuffed, even having split a meal, and the tab was under $100. This is one of those times where I wish there was a 3.5 star rating on Yelp, because Aureole is better than 3 stars but not quite up to 4. I didn't find it overpriced at all and it was good value for the food, ambiance, plating and service. However, there is certainly better food in Vegas.
3	Got the pre fixe menu here with the steak and it was good. I was expecting more since it is a Charlie Palmer restaurant but the food didn't impress me. The service was average and it just kind of felt like they wanted to turn the table around pretty quickly instead of providing us with great service like you would expect here. Next time I am in Vegas I will try someplace else.
4	I'd love to give this place 5-star....because they really went out of their way to accommodate our Anniversary dinner, especially since we had a 3-month old tagging along.  I called down earlier in the day, explained our 'family situation'...and they gave us a little table off to the side, away from the other guests.  So my wife was able to nurse the little guy without making a 'scene' in the restaurant.  Big props to them for that!!And the waiters were magnificent.  I'm sure it's a tough business to be in, especially in this down economy...but they were just the right amount 'friendly' while still leaving you to enjoy your nice dinner.  They even brought us out some extra dessert for our anniversary.  Another big props for that as well!We decided to both go with the 3-course Prix Fixe meals @ $65/person.  We both got different items so we could sample the foods.  Overall, the food was great.  But sets of Appetizers and Desserts were simply wonderful.  And my beef sirloin was absolutely perfect as well.  The one 'weak' link of the 7 items we tried was the halibut main course dish.  It was certainly not bad...but it didn't really grab you like a main course of a $65 3-course meal should.  Perhaps we were still thinking about the halibut we had at Rick Moonen's RM place that same day for lunch, which simply had more interesting flavors to go with it AND at a significantly cheaper price tag.The Gin and Tonic was as good as I've had in a long time!!  Very nice.If it weren't for that one halibut dish, I could easily give Aureole all 5-stars....because everything else was just about perfect.  The bottom line is that when I pay $65 for a 3-course meal, my level of expectation is very high.  No room for error!  And unfortunately for us, the halibut just wasn't quite up to snuff.TIP:  Aureole is one of the few Michelin-rated restaurants that will let you bring Restaurant.com coupons.  Considering our total bill was $170 before tip, it was nice to buy a $50 voucher for $4 through Restaurant.com....for a net savings of about 25% of our total bill.
2	The Skinny: great menu concepts however suffers from really poor execution (2.5), service - very friendly and helpful (4), value - not that great considering the food is not that good even with a restaurant.com coupon(2)We visited Aureole after a 7pm show on a Monday night. We ordered the Charlie Palmer Parallel Menu which is a 4-course menu but is served as a "duo". The tasting menu cost $85/person but we used a restaurant.com coupon for a better deal.It made me really sad to see how they served bread here. They precut the bread and left it sitting out for hours. In this arid climate, the bread gets really dry and hard - especially the baguette. The duo of crab came first: a crabcake with papaya and a crab/ahi tuna salad with thai curry flavours. The crabcake was okay but the papaya clearly wasn't ripe enough so it lacked sweetness. The crab salad faired better however texturally, it was a bit mushy for my taste.The duo of salmon was my least favourite course consisting of a smoked salmon rolled in pasta and salmon on top of fennel with beurre blanc sauce. The pasta came out as a large clump of dough -  a total textural violation. The tomato sauce tasted like bad barbeque sauce. It was not good. Fortunately the salmon with fennel faired better but was definitely underseasoned and overcooked.The final savoury course was a duo of scallop and Australian Wagyu skirtsteak. The scallop dish was done well and was well above the best dish of the night. The Wagyu beef however was tougher than some dried out jerky. Not to mention, it was real skimpy on the yummy sauce that came with it.Dessert is usually a redeeming point with me. However there were definitely some timing issues with the preparation. The mocha lava cake, which had great flavour, was overdone and dry. The lemon/blueberry semi-freddo was nice but the bottom part that was supposed to be crunchy, wasn't. The blueberry financier was good but was a little too sweet. The best thing on the plate was the blueberry sorbet.Service was wonderful and engaging. Our server got the wine angel to go up the tower so we could watch without ordering wine. He also comped us the mocha lava cake.Now if only the food could live up to the service, this place could have been wonderful.
5	Ive been staying in mandalady for the past 1.5 years, been here probably about 10 times within the last 1.5 years and never had a chance to try this restaurant since there's so many good restaurants in Manadalay, but this time I told my bf I really wanted to try this restaurant.It's a beautiful restaurant. Sadly, I didnt get to see anyone go up for wine. My bf even suggest they let us go up for fun! HahaAt first we were a little skeptical with service. From the moment we sat, we waited a good 5 mins for our menu. My bf asked for the menu, momentarily, we saw our waiter walking past our table and then disappears for another 2 mins then he comes back with our menu! PECUILAR much?! Our Bottled water and bread came before our menu, very strange we thought!Shortly after we ordered, this young photographer comes by and started mumbling something to us, some how we ended up taking pictures. STRANGE? i thought so! LOL she made us pose as if it's a prom picture! HILARIOUS!They have the coolest wine menu, it's almost like an ipad, but an older version and much heavier! Their wine list is phenomenal, i mean they are the only restaurant with such huge selection of wine! It's quite impressive! My Bf didn't have wine and there wasn't any wine by glass at my interest, so i went with a cocktail. Blood orange maritini! OMG it's so weird, but so good!  I love blood orange! Oh what's weird about this drink is, it had Jalapeno!  Sounds weird Right? But it tasted like fruit punch with a little bit of spiciness. Even my bf enjoyed it! So with Appetizers and entrees, we didnt want the prie fixe menu since we've had so many bad experience. AppetizersCaviar - served with little miniture pancake that tasted very much like green onion pancake, the chinese kind of course. Toppings such as egg whites, egg yolks, purple onion, cream cheese, and chives were available. mMmMm it was a party in my mouth! It was so orgasmic; im in heaven! French onion soup - it's very tastey and rich. Bf said it's the best he ever had! One can find truffles and foie gras pieces in it :)Seared foie gras  over toasted brioche and strawberry sorbet! Reminded me so much of the foie gras I had in palazo! AHHHH another orgasmic dish! Huge pieces of foie gras seared to perfection, unforgettable! :) Samosa curry salad - looked like little pot stickers! The curry itself was very good, but i thought it was gonna be a real salad, and it wasnt! Pull pork sliders - it wasn't dry, but it wasnt to my liking. Still good though better than RN74As for entree, we had the Seared Seabass - GROSS, very dry! over cooked, we barely touched it. Lastly, we had the warm mocha chocolate cake. It didn't taste like mocha, it tasted like a every other chocolate lava cake. It wasnt warm, it was cooled off already.  They also sent us sorbet which i enjoyed a lot. It tasted very unique and different than what I am accustomed to.Great service, my bf and I hate waiting forever for our food, so we usually let our server know that we would like everything to be fired at once! My oh my was I impressed, Aureole is the only restaurant who brought everything out all at once in a short amount of time! The waiter also took the sea bass off of our bill! :) Great service, will definitely return for the caviar, seared foie gras, and blood orange martini :)
2	had dinner at aurole tonight. we were fascinated by the wine "cellar" and decided we HAD to order off the electronic wine list-- we wanted to see the ladies in calvin klein tights suspending to get our wine. the wines on the list range from reasonable to jaw dropping. our wine appeared without having to go into the cellar. what?! while drinking our wine, though, we saw them retrieve several bottles. first, the decor is totally breath taking. the floral scent of the restaurant was welcoming without being overpowering. the waitstaff was very accommodating, they allowed us to order several things that we liked off the tasting menu without ordering the full menu, since there were some courses that we did not want. the bread basket was very good. i wish the bread was warm and i wish that they would put some creativity in their butter.  it was just 2 pieces of butter in a dish. it wasnt whipped, or flavored or anything. our meals: i ordered: octopus and  palm salad- kind of disjointed. there were also potatoes and eggplant in this salad, and eaten separately were good, but as a cohesive dish, it was just weird. octopus was cooked well. ny strip loin: i usually order my steaks medium, and this was rather over done and chewy. my bf thought mine was better than his. so i am happy he was able to eat it. he ordered: cajun hanger steak- cooked just as ordered. very good. i loved the corn mixture it was sitting on. we both ordered the bananas foster parfait. good, but not great. the little donuts that came with it was rather dense for a dessert. there was a  photographer there asking to take our picture. thought it was going to be one picture, but she asked us to pose for 5 pictures while giving specific directions, "put your arm around her, hold her hand, kiss (but look natural), cheek to cheek" i was thinking, what did i get us into. by the end of the dinner, she came by with our pictures in a portfolio, and i decided that i did not want them-- they were also $125! she looked annoyed and just walked off, and was standoffish for the rest of the time we were there. that kind of soured our experience. i am sorry, but you cant expect to sell every picture that you take, and you shouldnt make your customers feel guilty for not buying them. overall, the experience was good, however, if i did not have the restaurant.com certificate, we prob will not go back. the food was not spectacular for the cost, though the service was great.
5	Another night in Vegas ... another dinner out.  Tried to book Micheal Mina, but they are closed on Wednesday (random) so ... Aureole it is.I like the setting.  Nice walkway with a long staircase down.  You get to appreciate a glass wine tower on the way down.  People actually get tied in and fly around getting bottles.  Pretty cool.After Bouchon and Olives I was hoping this place was going to rock.Some reviews have complained about the bread but it was great when I was there.  Clearly fresh.  The focaccia was AMAZING.  I had three pieces.  We got the $85 Palmer tasting menu.  First round of duets was crab based.  Both were awesome.  Plenty of flavor.  One reviewer commented on the papaya not being ripe but I think that's the point.  I'm not going to get too detailed on the flavor, but I'll just say both dishes work and are decadent.  Awesome stuff based on my Michelin experiences.Second round of duets was salmon based.  I think these rocked too.  Shout outs to the extremely good sauces and great sun dried tomatoes.  They really stood out.  Better than anything I can get in fine grocery stores.Third round was some wagyu and diver scallop.  Scallop was perfect.  Wagyu was very flavorful and accompanied but some awesome mushrooms.  One reviewer commented it was very tough, but from my experience some of the greatest cuts of beef are very tough.  This isn't filet mignon.  The meat was very flavorful and the sauce was amazing.Desert was a bunch of different things.  Didn't blow me away.  However the sorbets were interesting.  The cantaloupe one was great.All in all I think I'm starting to like Charlie Palmer more and more.  I would definitely go to this place again.  This joint would survive in NY, which is certainly not true of plenty of Michelin star restaurants out here.
4	I went here for the Restaurant Week dinner menu with Blair B.The waiter did have the restaurant week menu neatly designed in its own casing, but insisted on reviewing the regular menu first.  He seemed annoyed when Blair asked for the other menu, and said he had to tell us about the real one first.  We actually had 2 waiters, and the other one (tall and handsome) was the guy who checked on us, our drinks and our food most of the time.I ordered the frisee salad with poached egg, foie gras and figs for my first course.  Blair got the braised octopus and Maine lobster salad.  We definitely nibbled at each others.  I was very pleased with this course since it has everything great in it (and frisee is my favorite lettuce!)Next, I got the crispy duck leg confit with greens, super thin potatoes and ice wine reduction.  Blair ordered the braised short rib and seared togarashi tuna loin with broccoli puree.  We agreed the tuna was blah, but the duck and beef shined.  I also liked the veggies on my plate.We ended up both getting the peach brown butter tart for dessert and the peaches were good but the tart a bit dry.  They bring itty bitty petit fours at the end and I tried all of them!  We also tried to get the wine pairing mentioned on threesquare.org.  The waiter taking our orders said the wine pairing was mistakenly put on there but charities do not allow alcohol to be advertised or some BS.  Blair pulled up the web site on her iPhone but he said pairing the wines listed would cost us up to $80 each instead of $10 or $20 extra!We ended up getting wine flights for $14-16 each, a better deal and plenty for me.  I had the aromatic white (the RIesling was amazingly fruity but dry) and Blair enjoyed the ripe soft red and especially the Grenache.  I also indulged in enough pretzel rolls for both of us since she is low-carbing it.  After all of this indulgence we went to Wet Your Appetite at Wet Republic!  It was a great night of food debauchery!
2	Food was average at best for a restaurant of this acclaim. Wine tower is impressive. Service subpar.
3	Drinkers Beware:  the Gingerine is good and strong---  put the kids to bed first.
3	Restaurant Week 2010. Walking into Aureole their famous wine tower is an impressive sight. However, when you're seated in the dining area it almost becomes an afterthought because many seats are far removed from it. The whole time we were there we only saw a wine angel go up once -- and only about 15 feet. Selecting a bottle is the real adventure. They give you a tablet computer to search for that perfect bottle by vineyard, region, or varietal. Selecting a bottle alerts the sommelier, who will promptly retrieve the tablet and answer any questions you might have.Aureole was the first Restaurant Week stop for us this year and everyone in our party of four ordered off of the RW menu. The first course was either a Frisee salad or braised octopus and Main lobster salad. Both were ok, but hardly jaw-droppingly good. However, the poached egg in the first salad was perfect.For the main entree all four of us went with the beef short rib and Togarashi dusted ahi tuna with a broccoli puree, sauteed porcini mushrooms, and hand rolled potato gnocchi. When the dishes were delivered only two of them had gnocchi, which seems to have been a pretty big oversight by the kitchen staff. They brought out a separate plate of it when we brought it to their attention. The short rib was fork tender and had a rich, savory taste. The puree and mushrooms were a great accompaniment but the tuna seemed odd and completely unnecessary (Charlie Palmer's version of surf 'n turf?).Of the two desserts, the dark chocolate peanut butter bar was the runaway winner. The rich and creamy texture of the peanut butter was a tasty way to end the meal. The other dessert -- the late summer peach brown butter tart -- was forgettable. We should have just gotten another peanut butter bar instead.Despite Aureole being a high-end restaurant the service was surprisingly laid back. Our servers and sommelier all displayed a little humor and personality that's usually lacking in places like this. It was refreshing to not have to deal with waiters who act like they have a stick up their ass (take note, Sage).In the end, the marketing ploy that is Restaurant Week worked. I got to sample a few dishes at a reasonable price and liked a couple of them enough that I want to go back to try more.Finally, a note to ladies wearing short dresses or miniskirts. Take the elevator down instead of walking down the stairway. That stairway wraps around the wine tower and is right above the bar area. So, unless you want to give some of the guys down there a show, skip the stairs.
4	Were giving it four stars, primarily because of our bartender. The first drink he made my wife was a little strong and not quite as described. Without an argument, he threw it out and made her something new. He even had her taste some of the original ingredients, trying to make sure they were good enough to serve. We had their desert sampler, which was good. Creme brulle, strawberry shortcake, chocolate decadence and one other item that slips my mind. When David heard it was our anniversary, he poured us two glasses of sparkling red wine, which was awesome. The wine tower was cool and he sent a wine angel up just so we could watch. If you're into wine, I don't see any reason not to check this joint out.
5	In my opinion, the best restaurant in Las Vegas. Every time I come here, I try something new, and it is always superior. I love the wine! Mia E., You are rally complaining that you didn't see enough acrobatics out of the wine angel? Wow... anywho, The wine tower is impressive, even without the flips. Don't go to Mandalay without making a reservation here!
2	We were so disappointed with this meal.We went for restaurant week, so it was only $200 with tip (for 2) (as opposed to some of their checks which are this much for just the wine).Wine angel/tower overrated, looked better on Travel Channel, too dark to see her in her designer angel duds. Computer was down so we only got paper wine menu.Service was just OK. Waiter poured Pelligrino into my ice water glass.Bread- I've had better on the M, or Wynn buffet.Maybe this building is just cursed, I haven't had a good 4 or 5 star meal in the Mandalay at any of the restaurants.
4	A nice dinner out with the Husband can never be beat.  On this particular occasion, we chose Aureole at Mandalay.As they showed us to our table, I reminded them that I had requested side by side seating in our reservation.  At that point, she asked if we wouldn't mind a booth and showed us to a lovely booth in the Swan's Court overlooking the swan pond.  This was actually nicer than sitting in the main dining room.We knew we wanted to do one of their prix fixe menus, and they had two on this particular evening.  We decided on the Parallel Tasting Menu ($85 per person).  We didn't realize that this meant we would both get everything on the menu, which we actually found to our benefit.First Course:* Dungeness Crab and Ahi Tuna Mille Feuille, Coconut Kefir Lime Froth - Just as the waiter was about to present this to us, he realized that perhaps I could not eat the ahi tuna since I was preggos.  He immediately whisked it back to the kitchen and said he would take care of it.  We thought that was really sweet that he even remembered!  When it did arrive, only the Husband got it on his plate and I did not.  Nicely presented with a pretty foam, he wasn't as impressed with it as the crab cakes. * Seared Dungeness Crab Cake, Papaya Salsa, Yuzu Aioli - The Husband received only one of these while I received three (since I didn't get the crab and tuna mille feuille).  I thought it was so good, especially with the aioli.  The salsa added a nice sweetness and it was just licking it all up!Second Course:*Olive Oil Poached Wild King Salmon, Citrus Braised Fennel, Sambal Buerre Blanc - I'm not the biggest fan of cooked fish, but the poached salmon was okay although not extraordinary.* House made Salmon Angelotti, Wilted Pea Tendrils, Olive Tomato Emulsion - The agnolotti pasta was a bit tough and doughy, and looked more like bone marrow covered in red sauce when it was presented.Third Course:* Japanese Pepper, Wagyu Beef Strip Loin, Grilled Abalone Mushroom, Sweet Potatoes Fries - My biggest fault in ordering this dish was having it medium well, which isn't exactly how I would usually have my beef (rare, please).  I think this played a factor as to why my meat was tough and not as enjoyable as it could have been.* Seared Diver Sea Scallop, Yukon Gold Morel Mushroom and Fava Beans, Potato Gnocchi - Who doesn't like a perfectly cooked diver sea scallop?  Yum yum yum.  And with mushrooms?  Even better! Fourth Course: * Blueberry Meyer Lemon Financier * Lemon Mascarpone Semifreddo* Blueberry Lemon Verbena SorbetAll the desserts, including the complimentary trio of sorbets, were just wonderful.  (I think the flavors were coconut, tangerine, and watermelon.)  We enjoyed every bit of our trio of desserts and could have kept on going.  They definitely do their sorbets very well here too.Service was fabulous.  The waiter was attentive without being overbearing and our beverage glasses were refilled in almost a timely manner.  The one thing that isn't so great is the house photographer.  They offer to take your picture at the beginning of the meal and have you pose in certain ways too, and then show you various packages you can buy at the end.  It's pretty expensive for a few pictures and ultimately, you just don't want it.  It can put a damper on your evening when you just want to dine, and not worry about buying silly pictures.Overall, Aureole was a good experience.  It wasn't super fabulous and we weren't there to watch the Wine Fairies, but it was a good meal overall.  Of course, it helped that we had a restaurant.com coupon too.
3	Just ate there the other day when I came with some family. I guess they're known for the huge wine wall which was pretty neat to look at when they had someone scaling itThe food was good, nothing spectacular.  I had the onion soup, loved the guyere cheese but it was too watery for my taste, I would've enjoyed more onion.  I ordered roasted rack of lamb.  It was cooked perfectly and the  cardamon chick pea fritter was delicious! Paired it with a glass of syrah. My aunt had the seared sea scallop a bit salty for my taste, but I never use salt in my cooking so I cant really judge.My mom had the cod which was delicious! Loved the plating and how they kept the back fin on. Unfortunately my family isn't big on drinking so I couldn't try any bottles.
3	A bit out of the way, by Las Vegas strip standards, Aureole at Mandalay Bay offers what no other restaurant can...the wine angels! Ordering a bottle is a must, if only to watch the angels ascend the glass wine tower to search for your bottle of wine!!! The food is decent, but nothing special. If you are looking for a quick, romantic meal then Aureole is a good place to stop.
3	The atmosphere has gotten pretty casual, unlike when they first opened, it seemed more elegant back then.  The food was OK, typical for Las Vegas, nothing to scream about, and the wait staff seems a little on the young side.  It was a pleasant dinner date, overall, but not sure if this will be my first choice when I go back to LV.
5	I brought my fiance out for her b-day and we loved it.  We were amazed to see the wine wall and the food was top notch, we had the 5 course dinner and so far it is the best we have had.  They also gave my fiance a box of chocolates for her b-day.  This is a great place if your looking for a nice night out.
1	Michelin should take its star away! VERY poor service, even by Vegas standards. Very salty food. Overall, a disappointing experience
3	The food was just a-ok, but what really makes me mad about wasting my very precious time was being herded through our dining experience like unwanted in-laws.We are all about the bar food - looked forward to hanging out in the Tower Lounge and watching the wine angels float up to the top to get that coveted bottle of wine.So we get there at 9:15pm and were prompted seated in the Tower Lounge bar. Ordering wine is not the easiest thing to do in this place. With over 50,000 bottles or whatever they have, it's hard to figure out what to get. Plus, in our price range, I had no idea what would be better - the unoaked Chardonnay from Australia or the Sauvignon Blanc from Chile.The waiter/maitre d' guy was no help so he sent over someone pretending to be a sommolier. When I asked what he thought of the unoaked Chardonnay, he replied "Well, it's good. It's an unoaked Chardonnay so it will be less oaky." WTF? Whatever, I ordered a bottle and we decided on a couple appetizers to start. But get this - the appetizers arrived before the wine did.And I was barely finished eating when the busboy/annoying ahole picked the plate off the table. I am ALL for clearing the table after dinner, but come on...The waiter dude didn't even ask if we enjoyed the wine or the food.Then - at 9:50p, he drops the bill on our table and thanks us for coming. Really? We were in and out within 35 minutes? You have GOT to be KIDDING.Wished I would have gone elsewhere. That was not the dining out experience we had hoped for.
2	I'm not gonna lie, I'm pretty horrified by the experience I just had at Aureole.  I've been there for happy hour and it is fantastic.  Two for one small plates, wine and cocktails are pretty amazing.  And those sirloin sliders are unbelievable (the two stars are for those...and the happy hour).  But I have to say, the dinner experience was just weird and offensive.To start, I walked in and spoke to the host stand to let them know that our party would have one more for dinner.  It was then told that they did not have my reservation.  That was strange, I'd booked with Open Table and had mysteriously already received the points.  Turns out they found my reservation and told me that my party was already seated.  I guess I looked at them funny and they pointed at the table.  Turns out "I" was sitting with four people I had never seen before.  So they gave my table away.  No big deal, they weren't that busy, but it was weird that they argued with me that I'd already been seated when I was standing in front of them.So they said they'd prepare another table while we waited patiently in the bar.  After 30 minutes, no one came to get us so we checked in again...and finally got our table.  You know it's a bad sign when the first thing out of your server's mouth is a giant sigh.  Then he said, "cocktails, wine?"  No greeting, no smile, no nothing.  We asked for the wine list and he stared blankly at us.  We replied that we had no menus but that didn't seem to matter either.  So much for that Wine Spectator award.  They have a lot of great wines but you wouldn't know it, the servers have no clue about them or no desire to talk about them.  After being pressured into ordering beverages, we finally got menus.The menus are pretty simple and don't go into a lot of detail.  When the server came back he asked if we would like for him to talk about the menu.  We said yes and he proceeded to explain that they had a tasting menu and an a la carte.  And that was it.  When we asked for suggestions, he muttered something about being really busy.  Then he asked where we were from in a condescending tone.  Ummm...really?  WTF difference does it make?!  You'd think we'd walked in with fanny packs covered in condoms and suckers from a bachelorette party.  After answering no questions, another server came by and asked if we were ready.  When we asked him to talk about the menu, he went into the same spiel about there being a tasting menu and an a la carte.  Yes, we can read, but what about the things ON the menu???  They kept asking if we were ready but wouldn't answer any questions.  At that point, the bread guy was looking like he'd be a more promising server.  It was seriously like pulling teeth.  One even made a snide remark while walking away.  Most places love to talk about the menu, not this place.I'd reached a point where I really wanted to walk out.  I'm in Vegas for business quite a bit more than I'd like and I know that almost anywhere else would provide better service.  My friends ultimately decided we would stay and we placed our orders.Long story short-er, my octopus and hearts of palm salad had two slivers of hearts of palm and fishy, chewy octopus (I actually asked my friends what was supposed to come with the octopus because I could not remember and the only other main ingredients on the plate were cherry tomatoes & fingerling potatoes.  What is with this place and fingerling potatoes anyway?  They're in everything, but anyway).  My veal loin was overcooked despite my ordering it prepared as the chef saw fit and it was lukewarm.  The only good part of the meal is that this place seems to always send over comp desserts.I know everyone's so amazed by the wine angels, but I would have had a better experience watching the rock climbing wall at the gym.I now hate this place.  We were treated like an inconvenience rather than valued guests.  I miss Fleur de Lys, I really hope they reopen it.  If they don't and you absolutely must go to this place, only go for happy hour, otherwise you will end up leaving pissed and sorry you wasted your time.
5	Impressive and innovative, a 5 star review on Yelp easily.Forget the buffets, forget the meal coupons- If you're looking to really class up your Las Vegas experience then look no further. This is 5 star dining at it's best- a beautiful, one of a kind restaurant. Know for their famous 'Wine Tower', Aureole has AAA Four Diamond awards and Michelin Stars all over the place.This was my first time at a Charlie Palmer restaurant, and it lived up to the expectations. The flavor in the food was as delicate and unique as you would expect. Flavors that open your palette to new things, tastes you've never experienced before. My tip- go before the Lion King show. They have a 'happy hour' with half off small plates until 7pm. I recommend the Lobster Corn Dog- the only way to describe it; droolworthy.
4	I went to Aureole because it's a 1 star Michellin Restaurant.  Overall it was a good experience but I did not find it exceptional enough to justify the price.  The service was great without being overbearing, the decor was modern but it didn't look very fancy, and the food was pretty good. If you like wine you'll probably like this restaurant.  You order wine off of the electronic wine menu, there's the famous wine tower inside the restaurant, and they have wine pairing with the food. We ordered the 3 course and 4 course pre fixe meal.  The 3 course meal was pretty basic: a light salad, beef on top of mashed potatoes, and a banana dessert. What's nice is that the portion size was large and I was full at the end of the meal. The salad and beef were pretty good, but the banana dessert was delicious! I'm not a dessert person and this is the only dessert I can say I ever loved! The 4 course had 2 dishes per course, the presentation was nice (but I didn't try all the courses).  One thing to note is that the executive chef does not work on Mondays.
5	Absolutely one of my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas! Huge wine list. Fantastic service. Avant-garde and delicious cuisine. Friendly and professional staff. Chic and modern atmosphere. Never boring menu, as it gets updated regularly. I always look forward going back.....
4	I've been wanting to die at Aureole for probably the past ten years.....I remember first walking past it as a kid and have always admired the beautiful wine display.Finally ate here and enjoyed the $65 3-course-menu. I think for the price, it's quite worth it since the portions are all of a decent size and quite tasty, offering solid flavors.The 3-course has an option for an appetizer, entree, & dessert. I would say that their forte lies in the entrees. The pork belly & seafood dishes were both very delicious.The desserts were just okay, nothing spectacular.Of course, the wine list is also very impressive. Honestly, I was surprised to see a plethora of somewhat affordable wines. You can find some great wines for under $50.For a 2009 1 star Michelin rated restaurants, I think Aureole is worth checking out...it's a great spot for business meals (think CES!) or a romantic night out. The wine and ambiance is nothing short of impressive, but the food is just good (won't blow your mind). Overall still, a solid restaurant in Vegas!
1	Last week while attending a conference in Las Vegas some colleagues made reservations for Aureole. I'm vegan, so I usually like to call ahead and just mention that and make sure something can be done, but someone else made the reservations, and it was last minute. I've never been treated as poorly or snottily from a supposedly high class restaurant as I was at Aureole.I discretely asked the waiter if something could be done vegan when he came by initially to introduce himself. He replied "oh, it is very difficult, but we will try." I should have left right then. "Just pick something out and I will talk to the chef." "OK, I'll take a look." Every dish headlines with animal protein, but a fennel orzo that came with one dish sounded nice and maybe close to vegan if the fish that came with it was left off. When the waiter returned, I asked for the green salad and asked if the fennel orzo that normally came with fish could be made vegan. The waiter,without checking with the kitchen,said "no, that would be difficult" and offered no suggestions and asked no other questions. I said, "OK, how about the spring rolls?" "Yes, that will be easy."5 minutes later - "the spring rolls cannot be made vegan - they have a lot of wheat" ... and that was all he said without offering anything else. Now, there should be two obvious things wrong with this, but I just said "Oh, that's OK, wheat is vegan. If that's all, the spring rolls sound good." The waiter didn't look happy but said OK and left.When our meals come, a fairly plain fish served over nothing is put in front of me. I said, "I did not order this" and the servers looked confused. The waiter returned a minute later, looked at my dish and asked "is there a problem?" I looked at the fish, then the waiter. After our conversations I have a hard time believing this was not intentional, but like to give people the benefit of the doubt, so I simply said, "I didn't order this." It was not a busy night and the waiter, same one I had been speaking to all night, didn't acknowledge any previous conversation or apologize and said, "well, it is already made, so you might as well have it." This exchange of "I didn't order this / I don't want this" and "you might as well have it" went on for a few exchanges before, looking and sounding irritated, the waiter said "OK, why doesn't someone else at the table have this, what would you like then sir?" "I ordered the spring rolls." A couple minutes later I get what appears to be a big pile of spring roll filling without the wrapper, plainly presented in a heap in a bowl - not quite what I expected but at this point I'm hungry so I eat it.I should say, the salad was quite good and I loved the abundance and selection of fresh herbs, but the service was awful and the chefs unimaginative when challenged. At best the waiters don't know what vegan means, don't care to find out and the chefs can do nothing but replicate the same 10 dishes over and over. At worst some of the staff are extremely rude and intentionally offensive.I emailed the only email I could find, which is the general email for Charlie Palmer, so I'll see if they care to reply.  Its interesting there isn't an obvious email for the restaurant itself.
4	I would recommend this place as a great special-occasion spot. We had the $65 3-course menu with a lovely glass of malbec. I had the frisse salad with figs, confit duck, and froi gras (appetizer), pork two ways - loin and belly - (entree) and financier with almond milk ice (dessert). Husband had cauliflower soup with short rib ravioli, trout, and raspberry chocolate tart. We also got an amuse of petit fours with our dessert. Excessive, but so good!  Service was great and we got to watch wine girl (lady?) get wine 3x. Not as interesting as I had imagined, but still...we'd come back.
2	I came here for my birthday a few months ago for the full dining experience.  The place has a beautiful atmosphere with very friendly wait staff and host.  We sat down to eat and picked out a glass of wine and our meals.  I have to say when the food came it was served in such a large dish, but there wasn't much food on it.  The food that I did eat was very tasteful but there wasn't much.  For the price you pay, you'd hope to have your full but I left craving a cheeseburger.There is much better value at other restaurants at the Mandalay Bay.  Unless you already ate and looking for a nice dessert and port wine I don't recommend coming here because you will leave hungry after dropping $200.
2	The decor of this expanded version of Chef Charlie Palmer's New York City Classic is absolutely amazing. The wine tower in the middle of the restaurant is a four story temperature controlled wine tower, with flying wine angels. For a restaurant that has been recognized as a AAA Four Diamond Restaurant and epicurious.com top restaurants from 1995 to 2010 , I was extremely disappointed with the service. Our waiter never introduced his name nor came back in a timely manner to see if we would like to start on any appetizers before our main entree. By the time our waiter ,by, the name of Abdaljalil ( asked for his name from another server walking by) came by to take my drink order.. i was ready to order my whole meal for the evening. I ordered a glass of wine to enjoy with my sirloin sliders with guacamole and chipotle sauce and a plate of artisaal cheese and house accompaniments, sliders were perfectly cooked and prepared. For the main entree I ordered 2 bone in rib eye with the garlic firecracker and classic bearnaise sauce accompany with some Parmesan fries and buttered asparagus. When ordering our main entree, I asked our waiter Abdaljalil if he could slice the rib eye in pieces for us, he responded No. So i left it as that. As our servers Dario and Ricardo were extremely tentative with refilling our water and constantly asking us what was needed, they even offered if i would like the bone in rib eye sliced in the back to make it easier for sharing. First, I already asked our waiter prior to ordering, so i was a bit confused with they offered to take it back to the kitchen. Our waiter Abdaljalil pulled Dario and Ricardo behind our booth and was saying something for quite a while, somehow Dario and Ricardo made my request happen! Our bone in rib eye was cooked to perfection, our sides was good but nothing to rave about. In all honesty, i was disappointed with our Waiter.If we didn't have good servers like Dario and Ricardo, i would have rated this a 1. The waiter did not even bring us our check,our servers did!!!!!!! I have dine at the Charlie Palmer in Orange County a lot, and that restaurant has never let me down. I was expecting the same type of service when dining at Aureole. I would probably attempt to dine at Aureole again and request for a different waiter, and hopefully get the same servers and better experience.Hopefully i can revised this review when i revisit the restaurant for a second chance.
5	If you are looking for a special place to celebrate - this would be the place.  We ate in the Swan Court and did the Parallel Tasting.   The service and quality of food matches the price!  :)It was truly a 5-star dining experience.  Four courses with nice tastings of comparing contrasting delights!   The entire experience felt elegant!!!   So glad I was able to experience this with my friends and my husband.   Bon Appetit!
3	My wife and I stopped by for happy hour a while back. Their HH is from 5-7 and all small plates and drinks in the lounge area are half off. Our order:* Oysters come four to an order and are a little small but absolutely fresh and delicious. * Sirloin sliders are three to an order. Each one had a thick, juicy beef patty on a sesame seed bun along with crispy bacon and a guacamole chipotle sauce to add a kick. These are some of the best sliders this side of the slider truck.* I'm a sucker for anything with lobster, so I had to try their lobster corn dogs. Big mistake. These dogs were a big letdown. They're basically three small, round fritters filled with a mixture that hardly tasted of lobster. I couldn't really pinpoint what was in the mixture, just a mushy bland mess.* The shrimp scampi had some tomatoes and greens in it and was pretty bland. Not enough garlic.I'll be back, but only for the oysters and sliders.
5	Probably one of the best meals I have had all year.  We chose to do the parallel tasting and that too was probably one of the best decisions in food I have done all year too.  I eat a lot and I was satisfied before dessert.You are directed around the infamous wine tower to the second hostess station where your table is prepared within five minutes (even if you have reservations).  I think we had a small army of three or four people waiting on our table.  The somellier with his iPad device of wine to order from and there when needed if you have questions or need to be topped off.  We had a waiter to explain the menu and take orders.  Then there was the person or two who brought the food to the table.  Then the manager circulating.  This is a the definition of hospitality.Food had the highest quality of ingredients, cook to perfection, all with fresh energetic flavors, and you were really able to taste the meat and each individual ingredient.  The food was affordable for what you were given.  I feel they had more $200-$400 bottle of wines than $200 and under and it was a bit tough to find a reasonable bottle that would be perfect with everything.  Thats why we got two.  Caaching.A must see in Vegas and of course NYC.
2	Food was excellent. Service was horrid. Had to ask for a wine list and then they proceeded to actually "ID" a well known actor friend of whom the reservation was under their name. I would go again but would call ahead and make specific arrangements for your group first especially if its a business dinner.
5	This is the BEST place I have ever eaten at. This is the only 5 star review that I have given on yelp thus far. I ate at this restaurant with 2 friends and we sat in the VIP section and had our own private patio where we enjoyed cigars while watching the swans in the pond. The ambiance and decor are fantastic both inside and out.The ceiling is a vaulted 3-4 story tall ceiling and there's a glass wine case in the center of the building running up to the ceiling. You'll have to take a look at the picture section to view this beautiful wine case.The food was a work of art and is the best I've ever had. Every course was so flavorful and delicious. This is the best food experience I have had and I plan to come back.
4	Came here with the family and sneakily sat at 2 different tables so we could use the $50 coupon from restaurants.com. nothing to be ashamed of there :)We all ordered the $65 prix fixe menu, and of course - at my table with the dad, we ordered a tasty bottle of grenache from alta maria vineyards. this was recommended by the very helpful & knowledgeable the sommelier. at a place like this - asking for a reco is the way to go :) the cool wine tablet menu was cool - but talking to a person was much nicer. she gave several options in our price range based on our descriptors of what we liked and what we were planning to order - fantastic job, thanks allison!I had pre read some yelp reviews and heard that the halibut was only so so, so the entree choice was easy. for the first course, my dad and i ordered one of each. i really liked both, but if you don't like cold soup - opt for the salad! the hanger steak was amazing. i'm not usually a fan of sauces or seasoning on my steak, but this steak's flavors were really perfect - spicy & rich, but not heavy - it complemented the steaks natural flavors really well. add a sip of the grenache which was spicy with a touch of sweetness and it was a 'remy' moment. i can still taste it and i had it over 6 months ago...for desserts - our server pretty much made it clear that the banana fosters tiramisu was the way to go, and it WAS. my dad ate the dessert in a blink, and started to eye mine!All in all, was totally worth the experience & the $200+ bill after, but i had to dock a point off for the fact that the halibut and dark spearmint dessert (characterized as a big andes bar by sister who was at the other table) were only ok. for me - a restaurant of this caliber should have ALL excellent choices on a prix fix, and it was pretty obvious that wasn't the case. PS - bread selections were also amazing! and yes - the wine tower was amazing as well (but there are already plenty of posts on that!)
2	Oh, Aureole.  I think you've single-handedly squelched my love for Charlie Palmer.  Granted, I am sure that he wasn't in the kitchen making my food that night, but still.My husband had previously come here and wanted to take me for serious meal and some wine angel action.  So much for that - looking for a romantic night, we were seated next to a European couple who were clearly drunk and fighting with each other their whole meal.  And the restaurant was about 25% full yet we were seated next to the drama squad.  Eek.We both had the 9 course menu with wine pairings and every single dish needed editing.  A sublime seared diver scallop with beurre blanc was lost under a mess of pea shoots that negated the gentle flavor of the seafood.  Kobe beef came with about 3 too many garnishes that proved distracting from the main event.  After about four courses that I'd call no less than a hot mess on a plate, I was tired.  And I mean exhausted.  I kind of just wanted to leave, take a nap, and then figure out something to eat for dinner.Maybe I was asking for too much in expecting to be wowed, but when a chef takes the time and energy to plan out nine courses with intricate wine pairings, you should feel excited and envigorated with the presentation of each course.  Instead, it was more like the staff came out almost mechanically, trying to get us through each course and then get us on our way.  I felt the lack of love at every turn, and I was so hoping that this place would be on my list of favorite dining experiences of all time.  Not by a long shot.
5	Tiny wine fairy, please tell me what your diet is so that I may follow in your svelte footsteps.I ordered wine just to see you fly, and in your flight you stole my heart.  I don't even know if I shall look at a man again as I watch you gracefully, and skillfully fly up to retrieve my precious, delicate... wait, what was I talking about again?I actually didnt eat here being stuffed from lunch, and my awe of the angels flying around...but my cousin Jawz had  great looking oysters, and a steak she seemed to really enjoy.
2	Bought another restaurant.com certificate and my brother-in-law joined us for another go at Aureole. This time we sat in the main dining room which offers a stunning view of the wine tower. We saw a couple angels fetch bottles. But otherwise, I much prefer the intimacy and extra level of service experienced in swan court.We all ordered wine by the glass, the husband and I ordered of the menu and BIL chose the market menu.Combined we started with clam chowder, onion soup and the pear tart with duck proscuitto. While nothing was outstanding, all three whet our appetite and we were ready for more.Then for the main course we had Waygu skirt steak, the rack of lamb and the scallops. The steak had fantastic flavor, but it was very chewy, likely due to the cut of meat. As good as the flavor was I couldn't help but think it was like beef flavored bubble gum -- tasty while you chew, but you don't want to swallow it. The scallops were huge and nicely prepared, but the vanilla apple compote was simply too sweet for my liking and I thought it completely overwhelmed the dish. The star of the meal was the lamb. Rich and meaty, just plain delicious. I also ordered ratatouille for us to share. It was very good. The dinner was good, but it should have been better. We left pretty disappointed.
5	My wife and I and another couple recently had our "Vegas Grand Finale" dinner at Aureole.  Our friends had dined here previously and loved it so we gave it a shot.  Before dinner, we had drinks at Red Square next door which has an amazing vodka selection.  If you're really crazy, you can go into the ice room where you have to wear parkas and shoe covers.  My wife wasn't down for that because she was wearing fancy shoes for Aureole.Aureole appears to no longer have long tasting menus and instead has a four-course (which is really 8 courses) "parallel" tasting menu.  Each course is brought out on a plate with 2 halves to eat side by side.  Basically, we loved everything they put in front of us.  The beet sald and the duck were particular highlights for me.  The wine pairings were excellent and they provided VERY generous pours (something I consider a hallmark of a great tasing menu).  The quality of wines were outstanding (Inniskillin for desert, all right).We had a blast at Aureole.  The servers and food were great and we'll definitely go again sometime.  The only negative thing I can say is not once (not even once) did I seen any of the wine fairies go up the tower.  My wife said she saw one when we were first walking in but I missed it.  Oh well, there's more than enough great reasons to have dinner at Aureole.
5	Wanted to do a big fancy dinner in Vegas w my gf and ended up choosing this one because it came up in my restaurant.com $50 coupon search. Then I checked Yelp and the reviews were great. I just want to add another great review. The food was very well-prepared and well-presented. Also I am a big eater and the portions were generous.For those interested we decided to go ala carte (didn't particularly like the choices on the fixed menus they were running) and here's a rundown of items: Appetizer: ahi tuna and king crab: was delicious and paired well w a sweet white wine recommended by our sommelier. Entrees: NY strip. well-prepared, great sauce, generous size. Sea scallops: agree w earlier postings that these were excellent. Electronic wine list was (as posted already) very confusing to navigate. We took the recommendations from the sommelier after we had made our food choices and ordered glasses. Everything was excellent and well paired w the foods.Atmosphere was fancy and perfect for a romantic dinner. Would definitely come back here next time I am in Vegas.
4	I remember seeing this restaurant on a traveling show once and I knew I had to try it when in Vegas. It was exciting to see the wine tower and the wine angel.   I purchased a restaurant.com coupon for this dinner.  The service was excellent.  We got seated right away and served quickly.  The only bad thing was that we were seated so close to other couples and next to the server station and had no privacy at all.  It was like being on a double date with strangers. Unfortunately, I was not feeling well so I did not order wine but my boyfriend did.  I love the high tech wine list that came on the electronic tablet.   The pinot noir was great.  We ordered lamb and tenderloin entrees and they were delish.  The bread was also a plus.  For a Saturday night, we were served pretty quick... in and out in less than a hour.  We made it to our 8 o'clock show with time to spare!
2	Aureole was kind of a nice experience.  The gentlemen who filled our water glasses and brought the bread tray was very nice.  The manager who checked on us towards the end of meal was also very friendly.  The sommelier was GREAT and helped us pick a bottle we both really enjoyed from their electronic wine list (which was fun).  We couldn't see if they sent the wine angel up to get it because we weren't seated near the wine tower.Which brings me to where we were sitting.  We were seated in the "Swan Terrace," although we did not request this and I wasn't too familiar with the fact that there were different "areas" at all.  Now it's kind of cool that there are swans, but the room comes with restrictions on what you can order.  Most importantly they don't even offer you the a la carte menu--you have to order a three course meal. We were both thinking about a tasting menu anyway, so this wasn't a huge deal.  But my guy had seen their advertisement outside the restaurant for the three course "Harvest Menu," which is made with fresh seasonal produce, and he wanted that.  When our server came over, we asked why it wasn't on the menu, and he said it was only served in the "other" dining room.  When we looked surprised, he said he'd get it for us, but made it clear he was doing us a favor.  I found this altogether bizarre--if you're going to place restrictions like that, why not warn patrons first?  Why not offer them a table in the "other" dining room as well?  The restaurant was not full, so it seemed like they were trying to force us to order from only the two most expensive tasting menus.  Also, afterward, I looked at their web site, and apparently we paid MORE for the exact SAME food just by virtue of our presence in the swan room.  And at no point did we REQUEST swans or even have the swan option explained to us. Now, having read some reviews, I see that there are supposed to be little swan-based extras, but we didn't see any of that.  I saw other tables getting an amuse bouche, which we were not served.  Also, our actual server kind of put a damper on the whole evening because he was just pretentious.  We're really friendly diners, but he could hardly spare a smile and paid us as little attention as possible. Shouldn't you put your friendliest (or at least, your least snobby) waiter in the special swan room? Now, the food itself was beautiful and delicious.  Charlie Palmer knows how to put together a menu.  And the quality of the food explains the Michelin Star.  I had some delicious butternut squash ravioli with brown butter and snow crab.  We both had steak dishes.  And the desserts were pretty and yummy.  And we enjoyed the blueberry margarita from the bar as well as the wine.  I did think it was a little weird that they circulated the bread on a tray but didn't bother to heat any of it up.  But because they put bacon INSIDE their focaccia, I won't quibble.  A few days later, after considering our whole Aureole experience, I don't think we'll be repeat visitors.  It's a very expensive restaurant to begin with, so you want to have a good memory there.  And I just can't help feeling taken advantage of with the whole swan business.  And when your waiter is snotty to you, it doesn't matter how nice everyone else is or how delicious the food is. It really just kills the evening.
4	I'm a big fan of this place. I found it on Open Table and took a chance for a meal while in Vegas for a few days. It's the perfect place for a romantic evening (or alternatively, a business meeting). Both of these require intimate settings and this place has it. You can request one of the booths near the back windows and it's like you're in the restaurant all by yourself! The food is incredible and well worth the price. I'd highly recommend the meat - we had the lamb and the fillet mignon and both were incredible. We ordered a few sides: broccoli and rice and both were delicious and well sized to share. We shared the dessert sampler plate which was one of the best desserts I've ever had. We had a mix of chocolate and fruit and hot and cold dishes - all very yummy!The wine list is the BEST PART. You get an ipad and you can read about your wine selections on the application the restaurant uses. If you really care about your wine sourcing, you can also go and watch the "angels" (women strung up to the ceiling of the vertical wine cellar) hand-pick your wine. Very cool. The Sommelier was great and helped navigate me through the app to the best choices for our meals.A great experience - enjoy!
5	Truly, as good as it gets. I was whisked away to Las Vegas for a quick birthday getaway with my boyfriend. We chose dinner at Aureole on a Tuesday night, in the wintertime/off season which turned out to be a pretty great night. From the minute we walked in the doors to the moment we left, we were stunned and impressed by the wine tower, food and exceptional service. We probably had two or more servers throughout the night and a couple of visits from the sommelier. We bought a bottle of wine, but it was only OK. Fortunately, the sommelier had mentioned a much better Pinot Noir, which he kindly poured for us instead! We ended up doing a wine pairing with our three course prix fixe meal, as there are so many excellent wine choices, and they are more than happy to introduce you to the perfect wine for your taste and meal. The meals were so delicious and beautifully created. I don't know if it was just because it was my birthday, but the desserts were my favorite part. I wanted every last bite. The selection of assorted sorbets are incredible! I don't believe I've ever tasted such unique flavors. I have posted a few pictures for your pleasure of my monstrous Arugula and Frisee Salad with Duck Confit, Sea Bass, and the yummy deserts!
5	This rating is based on a dinner visit.Atmosphere - 4.5:  Entry into the restaurant features a stroll down the staircase around the glass wine tower, which is something that sets Aureole apart from the crowd.  There are two seating choices, the main dining room and the Swan Court.  We chose the Swan Court which was more private, quiet, and romantic.  The room overlooks a pond that has curious swans swimming about that seemed interested in checking us out.  The only downside to the Swan Court is that there is no view of the Wine Angels flying about in the wine tower to retrieve your special bottle of Vino. Menu - 4:  You have two options for the menu: 1. A fixed "Parallel" menu with two selections for each course.  The Parallel menu is a tasting menu where the selections aren't choices, but both course items are served together, in parallel.  This option can only be selected if the entire table is willing to go with this choice.  2. Select from a traditional style menu with a variety of appetizers, main courses, and sides.  We went with the fixed menu because we loved being able to sample a wide variety of dishes. Either option offered diverse selections.Service - 5:  The is a Four Diamond restaurant so our expectations were fairly high, but Aureole did not disappoint.  Service was fantastic from the moment we entered right up until we left.  My wife has some food allergies and the staff did a phenomenal job accommodating her and modifying some of the dish preparations.  Food - 5:  Outstanding!  Everything was prepared to perfection.  The dishes were creative both from a culinary and visual perspective.Wine List - 5:  In a word, WOW!  The wine list is on a tablet computer that you can search, sort,  and filter on various criteria (region, vintage, type etc.) to find what suits you.  It's a good thing too, because they have an unbelievable selection.  It's obvious why they have won the Wine Spectator Grand Award every year since 1999.  The sommelier knew the collection very well and and helped us pick out some amazing bottles.  I was blown away. Overall - 5
4	The biggest part of dining here, is the actual experience you receive from the moment you walk in, to the last bite of dessert you have. It seems like everything here is a feast for the eyes. From taking in the view of their waterfall-fountain scene, to their breath-taking and somewhat scary wine tower. Staff actually have to be on "rock-climbing" line and hook to retrieve your beloved bottle of wine.I can say that only MOST of the staff were top notch. Our waiter was very helpful in all dinner decisions and was very attentive to all our needs. The host/cashier was very snobby and stuck-up, that's the last kind of service you want when you're spending $95 per person for dinner. They lost a star for that :( Sorry!We had the 4 course Tasting Menu seated in the Swan Court. It was a spetacular view and very romantic lighting. ($95/per person)Onto the food, we loved the presentations of all courses! Everything was served in the appropriate temperature and tasted superb! We even loved the choice of breads, my favorite was the caramelized onion bread! YUMMY!!! The waiter was even nice enough to pack some "to-go" for me. For the starter plate, I had Lobster Egg Roll, Ahi Tuna, and some sort of Sweet Potato Puree. They were pleasing, but we definitely wanted more bites of it!Second Course we had Scallops with Crusted Mushrooms and Lamb Lollipops with Pearl Potatoes. The Scallops were very sweet, in a good way and the Lamb had a little too much fat  and au jus.Third Course I had the Steak Three-Ways, Kobe Beef, New York Strip Steak (medium-rare), and Filet Mignon. My favorite was the New York steak which was served in a fantastic red wine reduction and complimented it very well. The scallion potatoes that they were on the bottom sucked up all the juices from the meats and was also very tasty!Last but not least, the Fourth Course we had the dessert sample with Creme Brulee, Cheese Stuffed Fig, Almond and Grape Biscotti, Toasted Walnut Cake with Hazelnut Caramel, and of course, the house-made chocolates!!!!! They were all very sweet and we were glad it was in small portion/bites because of the large sugar intake :)We loved our meal and experience here. We were basically swept off our feet in the most luscious, luxurious, and EXPENSIVE way possible, but it was worth it!
5	I can honestly say that I had the best steak in my entire life at Aureole. Come ready to spend a fair amount of money, it ain't cheap here!
4	The food is amazing, the wine tower and angels are astonishing, and the atmosphere is hip. It offers everything one needs while dining in Las Vegas. Can' think of any reason not coming here.The only complaint I have is our wait staff took us straight to the "downstairs" seats, which requires to order from their set menu (it's $20 more than the upstairs seats). When I found out about it, I requested to be seated at the "upstairs" table (which allows me to order from regular menu or set menu for $20 less). Our stupid server wouldn't want us to leave his table, and I believe it's most likely because he didn't want to lose his chance for making tips. Yikes. I had to ask 3 times, and finally kinda yelled at him to make him give up on us and take us to the regular seating area. It's unfortunate for a Michelin starred restaurant.
2	Disappointing restaurant... no wonder they lost the 1 Michellin Star.Uneventful, standard restaurant decor: we had the seats inside for a dinner, not sure what would be the view towards the outside like.Uneventful, standard food: had the 4-course tasting menu with wine pairing, cost about $150 before tax. I can barely remember what I ate when I was recounting the day at night. - First course: some kind of raw fish sashimi, tiny bits of grilled lobster with grilled pineapple. No taste, goes horribly with the earthy white wine. - Second course: a scallop on top of a stewed beef. Average but tasty... but you can rarely go wrong with beef stew and scallop.- Third course: some grilled lamb loin. Forgettable, neither good or bad.- Fourth course: the grape sorbet is very fresh with a heavy concord grape flavor which I liked. The whole dessert is overly sweet.Overall, average, uneventful, forgettable after $200 a person. A lot of time tasting menu takes so much time and so many courses I always felt stuffed, but this one I walked out hungry... Won't go back and won't recommend anyone to go.
4	Top notch. Menu is full of excellent options, and the wine... well, that's their specialty. A bit pricey for what I get, and the service has gone down hill over the years, but still a nice place to eat.
4	Had the "Parallel" tasting menu last night but they graciously substituted two more fish preparations for the Lamb course. We started with two raw preparations. The first was fluke and the second was lobster. Both included pineapple. The fluke had a slightly spicy macadamia nut and coconut topping. The lobster used grilled pineapple with a small green papaya salad. Both were fresh and tasty. Next, was a duo of carrots. First, a nicely seared scallop. The other half was seared tuna on a small plank of carrot pound cake. The third course was supposed to be lamb but they gave us black cod with sauteed broccoli and slightly spicy sauce. The other half of the course was salmon nicely with a red wine reduction.Dessert was a baklava stack with concord grapes and ice cream in the middle. It was slightly dry and hard to eat, but the filling was great. The other half of dessert was a chocolate gelatin in a biscotti Napoleon. It was our anniversary, so the restaurant gave us a very nice additional dessert sampler. The lemon case with strawberries was the most memorable. It was a very nice touch.All of the food was very good and the service was excellent. The waiter was very helpful but never intrusive. The rest of the staff kept the wine flowing, water glasses full, and bread plates filled. The room is very attractive and the novelty of watching women repel up and down the wine tower is good for conversation. The food and service make the price worthwhile.
5	*This is a happy hour review* For how nice and pompous one would think this place might be, the happy hour menu is surprisingly a great deal! Here's the scoop: happy hour appy's and drinks are buy one get one free! Um yeah. Cool huh? We ordered the pan fried artichoke hearts, quesadilas, mahi mahi tostados and sliders. DELISH!! Aureole also has the most amazing wine selection in a ceiling to floor wine cabinet with an actual climber hanging from the ceiling in an actual harness who retrieves your wine bottles for you. Very cool lounge like atmosphere, tasty eats, nice drinks at a decent price.
4	What a wondeful experience!   The atmosphere and the food were terrific.  The wine list is sensational and the service was professional.   This is a great place for a formal meal or even having a nice glass of wine in the bar.
5	One of us is from DC and one from NY, so we promised that we would not eat at any restaurants that were in either town while we were in Vegas. But we got in late to Mandalay Bay, and by the time we settled in we really didn't want to find someplace on the strip. We decided on Aureole. It was Easter Sunday night, and we were starving and dead tired. I can't say enough good things about this restaurant. The service. The food. The atmosphere. All of it was great. I've never gone to Aureole in NY, but I sure as heck will now. I hope it lives up to the same standard as their Vegas location.
5	What a wonderful surprise! This was an amazing meal and exceptional service.Immediately upon walking in I was greeted professionally and seated quickly. The restaurant in and of itself is lovely, and the wine tower is very cool.I decided on the parallel tasting menu. Wow. Not everything was totally my speed (for example I dislike coconut) but every single course was delicately done and very impressive. The two parallel tastings in each course really combined to make flavors explode on the taste buds. The lamb in particular was some of he most tender and delicious lamb I have had anywhere.I cannot say enough good things about my experience. I highly recommend this restaurant and the tasting menu.
5	Came here and had the "Parallel" tasting menu before seeing Lion King. The food was superb and worth every penny. The waiter was amazing and we had a booth with a view of the swans and the waterfall. I will definitely come back here. The staff was very friendly. I can't wait to try other items on the menu.
3	Though this restaurant appears on many "best of" lists for Vegas, I think Aureole is lucky Michelin stopped reviewing restaurants in Vegas in 2009. It's good - particularly the food, but it's impossible for me to overlook several missteps. For starters, our hostess was actually having a conversation on a Bluetooth as she seated us. Although we had reservations and it was so early that we were one of the first tables seated, we were not given a seating option with our table (maybe it would have been impossible without interrupting our hostess). We ended up in the Swan Court, which is nice, but it kills any chance to see the restaurant's famous "wine angels" in action. The waiter appeared shortly thereafter to take cocktail orders. I asked for a Hendrick's martini. He comes back in 15 seconds to say they have no Hendrick's... and suggests Absolut or Grey Goose as an alternative. Um, Forbes Four Diamond and the server doesn't know a proper martini is made with gin? Call me a snob, but that's bad. Once we sort out what a martini involves, lo and behold we find that they do have Hendrick's. The drink came out perfectly, but then the wine list showed up. Aureole cleverly puts their very impressive list on an iPad. The good part of that is the lack of pressure and ease of exploration. The bad part for us was the utter lack of attention from our server - he didn't ask what we liked to drink or planned to eat; in fact, he said nothing. Just the thunk of the iPad on the table. I suppose I expected a bit more, but we agreed upon a bottle and it was fine. Between the waiter and the hostess, I was starting to worry about the food, but the bread service started to allay those concerns. It was excellent, fresh and creative, which typified the rest of our meal. The service evened out and became passable, and w enjoyed a very reasonable prix fixe menu that was very well executed and satisfying. It was far from a perfect evening, however. If only the service matched the cuisine.
3	I thought I reviewed this two months ago but better late than never right? Came here for a Valentine's dinner (yes, I'm 3 months late).Decor: Modern, clean, sleek. Depending on how you view it, it can work for as a great date place or a good business dinner. Food: The food was good but not amazing. The portions were pretty generous though. And I don't know if it was by mistake or because they had too much food but we ended up getting more dishes than we ordered--on the house. It was a nice gesture but I was completely stuffed before our entrees even came out.Spicy coconut lemon grass broth - I'm not a fan of spicy but it was a light way to start the meal. Spinach composition of ahi tuna and alaskan crab - yummy! But I'm a big fan of seafood and tartar so this was going to be delicious to me by default. Seared foie gras - I love foie gras and while this one tasted good, I've had better. But still good nonethelessHoused cured salmon - Another light way to start the meal, delicious. Hand cut fettuccine de mare - Good but a bit on the heavy side for an appetizer. Who starts with pasta as an appetizer? This is probably what made me full--not to mention they gave us huge portions of this. Beef wellington - A LOT of meat to eat. Either I was too full by this point or I just wasn't feeling it. Pancetta wrapped monkfish - This was good too but another heavy entree. This probably could have filled me up all on its own. The fish was cooked nice though. Chocolate raspberry bar - A slightly heavier way to finish off the meal (by this point, I was ready to throw up because I was so full)They also gave complimentary chocolate bars courtesy of.....some dessert chef. Truffle chocolates were delicious. Service: A little slow but it was Valentine's and it was crowded. Our reservation wasn't until 9PM so I was surprised at how long our meal took (we ended up leaving right before midnight) but everyone working was hustling that night so I'm just going to assume there were way too many people that night.
2	What a weird place. I went in for drinks and appetizers, and didn't feel like walking down a huge slippery looking staircase so opted for the elevator. It was dusty, and after waiting for 3 minutes, got in, and it didn't go anywhere. Stairs please. Then, we sat at a table in the bar (which was mostly empty) and waited about 5 minutes for anyone to come over...not to mention there were random forks and knives on our table (like 10 of them). Finally, someone came over and we ordered drinks and 2 apps. 15 minutes later, the food came before our drinks. We asked about it and the guy said "oops" and ran off to get them, which had been sitting at the bar for that long so now they were watery. The food was just so so. No flavor. We had artichoke hearts (boring) and a carpaccio that was seriously bland. We actually sent it back. Then the waiter felt bad so stood there and talked to us for literally 10 minutes (I just wanted to leave). Poor service (and no, they weren't even busy), dull food. Will NOT be going back. PS: The bar is downstairs but is open space, so you can see down there from the main walkway at Mandalay. The chatty waiter told us drunk people sometimes drop bottles/drinks from the top balcony right onto the bar. Uh...bad food and a concussion? No thanks.
3	What a shame.  A friend and I, both self-proclaimed foodies, came here for dinner last week, and it started off great.  The restaurant is beautiful, the towering wine cellar is amazing, and everything on the menu sounded great.  In addition, the prices were quite reasonable!We each ordered an appetizer and an entree.  My friend also ordered a side dish, spinach gratin, to go with his entree.The service unfortunately was a bit slow.  Bread took a while to come out.  Drinks were not refilled.  Slight annoyance, but I forgot about that after I tasted the food, which was fantastic.  I had a yellowtail crudo which was out of this world good, and my friend had a seared foie gras with strawberries, which was interesting and delicious!Our entrees arrived (a halibut in Japanese broth, and a mediterranean-style escolar, both very well prepared), but my friend's side dish was nowhere to be found.  We assumed that the waiter would deliver that separately after dropping off our entrees.  But unfortunately, the waiter never came back.  He did not even come back to ask if the meal was ok.We did flag him down eventually and ask about the gratin.  He said "Oh yes!", and quickly walked away.  No doubt he forgot about it.  We continued on with our delicious meal.As we took our last bites, the side dish still had not arrived.  We decided to cancel the gratin, but by the time we found our waiter, he was already bringing out the gratin.  There were no apologies about the delay, no excuses made, nothing.  He dropped it off like it was nothing.  My friend (knowing how sharp tongued he can be) was already holding back and very nicely hinted to the waiter that we were already done with our meal.  Our waiter said "Well, this is still good, it's still hot" and walked away.Trying to not let this incident ruin our meal, we let it go.  However, it quickly became apparent to us that this spinach gratin was quickly thrown together in a hurry.  The spinach was watery and there were no signs of this being a "gratin", in that the cheese on top was barely melted, there was no crust, no browned cheese... it was just a mess.  It was disgusting to the point where I would not even expect to eat this at El Pollo Loco or Koo Koo Roo.Our waiter asked how the gratin was, and we told him it was not done very well.  He said "Ok, I'll let the kitchen know."  His attitude by this point was he felt we were just bothering him and wish we would leave.  My friend finally said, "No, we were already done with our meal, this side dish came late, and on top of that, it was gross."The waiter said annoyingly, "Ok, I'll take that off your bill, oh geez."Mind you, this is a high-end restaurant in Las Vegas.  I was very surprised and disappointed in this attitude.If it weren't for the service, I would give this place 4 or 5 stars.  But the service ruined the experience and for that, this place gets 3 stars.
5	Been there three times, twice dinner and once for coffee and dessert. This is the best restaurant within Mandalay Bay. The tatsing menu are terrific and best value on the strip. The staff goes out of their way to make you welcome. They even accomodate our twin infants and make them feel welcome.
4	We went here for an anniversary dinner and it was fabulous! We had 7 courses! Some I enjoyed more than others, my fiance at the time liked everything though. I'm a bit more picky.. The atmosphere was beautiful. Excellent wine. Beautiful entrance/ stair case. And I noticed a very reasonable price cheese course that I wanted to get during happy hour, so we'll definitely be back! Servers were also very friendly and on their A game!Ps. I loved how they referred to this restaurant in a great tv show, Modern Family, like a million times in an episode and I could relate since I've been here!
5	One of the best meals we've had in a very long time.  My wife and I were in town for a long weekend and decided to eat here after seeing The Lion King (also outstanding). We had heard several reccomendations for the chefs parallel tasting menu and that was what we went with.  First off, yes its expensive at $85 per person plus an additional $55 for the wine pairing, but its worth every penny. The parallel is a four course tasting that has two dishes per course, so it's almost like an eight course tasting.  Our favorite was the pan-seared diver scallop on a braised short rib with carrot puree and trumpet mushrooms...we would have paid the $300 for just that dish! The wine pairings were exquisite and given that they have 150 pages of wine to select from, if you didn't like what was on the parallel menu, you would be able to find something. We did not sit in the swan court, opting instead to watch the wine angels, which are way cooler than swans, though the atmosphere isn't quite as romantic.  Our wait staff did an outstanding job. They were very attentive, happily answered questions, and were never intrusive.  As long as you know what you're getting into price-wise, aureole wont disappoint.
4	Came here for my birthday in Vegas, and we loved the ambiance of the restaurant as well as the food.  I loved their large wine selection, and they actually have a structure in it where a person can be lifted up into to get the proper bottle.  I tried the lemon roasted chicken breast, strip sirloin, and the scallops.  Delicious, and the service was exquisite :)
2	Wow, have things changed here.  We dine here usually 1x a year.  Usually not quite on par with Aureole NY, but as long as you are in the Swan Court, we have found it to be at least similar.  All of our previous experiences have been very good (we always dine in the Swan Court and order the tasting menu).  Our experience this weekend was quite disappointing.  The first course was a flop, and the second wasn't much better, although the scallops were excellent.  The lamb course was well paired and prepared, and the dessert was very good.  Service was fine, but not like it has been on previous visits.
1	Total Disappointment .... TERRIBLE SERVICE... I dined at the Aureole in NY and was determined to try all Charlie Palmer restaurants. Second was Dry Creek Kitchen in Healdsburg... both were absolutely superb in food, ambience and service. Las Vegas needs to learn from them.  We were Rushed to select our wine and WHILE enjoying my starter the lady comes by to take my plate - hand on plate already before asking if i was done, which i clearly was not..... the rest of the evening was the same.  The food was good... could have probably been excellent if i had time to enjoy it without being rushed.....
5	We had some time to kill before dinner so we went in for a drink. The host guaranteed we would love our martini or it would be free. We loved it and the bartenders couldn't have been any nicer. One even drew a map on a napkin for us with suggested hiking trails.The martini was awesome. It was a jalepeno blood orange martini. A little pricey for one martini but it was huge. We refilled our glasses three times from the shaker.Great atmosphere and the wine fairy flits around the three story glass wine cellar selecting her wines.I'd love to go for dinner sometime and I will definitely go back for a martini.
5	I have really had a good time each time I have eaten here. The food has been very good and the wine was excellent. The flavors of the food are crisp and clean. I have been very happy with the flavor of all of the dishes I have ordered. The beef tenderloin with blue cheese crust top notch. I am a fan of this place and would gladly return.
4	A stunningly beautiful restaurant. Ask to be seated near the Swan pool as the rest of the restaurant is not nearly as beautiful (although you can not see the wine tower from there).We had the 3-course prix fixe. The wine list is overwhelming. Wonderful soup and even the fried calamari (seemed out of place) was tender with a tasty rice salad. Fish and Steak entrees were wonderful. It was our Anniversary so they brought a sorbet tasting (my wife loved this). Otherwise the deserts were just ok. We did have an issue you might watch out for. We were not offered a menu for the 3-course prix fixe ($55 before 7:00, on the sign outside) but offered a $95 4-course. We asked for the 3-course and a new menu arrived (shouldn't have to ask). On this menu the same 4-course on the other menu was now $85 (hmmm). Then our bill came and we were charged $65 (after 7:00 price). That was awkward/unprofessional. A patron shouldn't feel like they're haggling to get the dinner that is offered or at the price it should be.Otherwise, a must-visit.
5	I had a great time at Mandalay Bay.  So many distractions and dining experiences to choose from that it's hard to have a bad time...unless you overpay.I've been to Aureole in NYC and loved it.  This Aureole is more of a destination for place rather than food.  The decor is outstanding, first class.  The food is what you would expect a place like this to serve; whimsical dishes with artsy presentation and small portions.As an overall experience this is a great place.  But if you get rid of the atmosphere, decor, wine angels, etc...the food was good, but not great.Still, it deserves 5-stars...
1	Highly overpriced (even for Vegas!) for mediocre and uninspired fare with a pretentious bend.  The buffet a couple of doors down is much better!
4	We stayed at THE Hotel at the Mandalay Bay Resort in Las Vegas.  Since we were there we decided to try Aureole for dinner.  The GOOD- 1) The location and scenery were great! The 4-story wine tower is incredible to look at and fun to watch the ladies in their "Mission Impossible" suits go to get the wine bottles.2) The food- read below for more information3) The service was as good as I've had at a fine dining establishment.  From the lady serving bread, to the man who took our order, to the Sommelier who recommended a nice bottle of wine.The OK-1) The restaurant is a pricy place to eat.  It was over $300 for the two of us.  But I guess you have to expect that in Vegas!2) The wine list is quite cumbersome so if you are like us and aren't the smartest when it comes to wine, it's hard to pick one.  We're both fans of the red wines, especially Zinfandel's from the Dry Creek area (Healdsburg, Sonoma County) and they didn't have many wines from that region to choose from on their list.The FOOD-We both ordered from the Chef Vincent's Market Menu. The Salt and Pepper Calamari has got to be some of the BEST I've ever had.  It didn't need any dipping sauce and the calamari pieces were perfectly lightly breaded so that you could taste the calamari, not just the breading.  I had the seared Rainbow Trout and it was good.  I wasn't a fan of the skin being served along with the fish, but I ate around it and the fish was really tasty.  The white asparagus was overcooked for my taste, but the whole dish itself was prepared well and seasoned good.  My boyfriend had the American Wagyu Beef Skirt Steak and he LOVED it!  There was nothing left but an empty plate when he was finished.  For dessert I ordered the Salted Caramel Bomb cake and my boyfriend had the Orange Grand Marnier Creme Caramel.  Both desserts were great, but my favorite was the blood orange sorbet served with the Creme Caramel.  It was to die for!!!We also ordered a bottle of 2007 Joseph Phelps Cabernet Savignon that was really good! Overall, our experience at Aureole was awesome.  Hopefully we will be back to enjoy another great dining experience!
3	Upon arriving at the restaurant, we were offered to sit in the back window area which was more private or the main dining room. We choose the more private area. We were not told that there was a significant difference in price for the holiday prix fix menu based on where we were seated. We paid $95 per person as opposed to $65 per person for the same menu selection we ordered. This was not told to us and I discovered this on their website after dining here. I felt with such great service that this pricing difference should have been revealed when being offered the seating option. Privacy over dollar amount should have been our decision, not the restaurant's. I felt is was purposely hidden information and not openly advertised. Service and food was fantastic but left a bad taste in my mouth after this.
2	Ah Aureole.  Lovely to look at, food divine.  Service?  Ridiculously bad.  Reservations at 930.  Get in, get seated.  Waiter disappears after leaving us with their malfunctioning tablet wine list.  Returns nearly twenty minutes later & is a bit annoyed that we haven't chosen our wine.   Because its clearly our fault the tablet isn't working.  Then he begins warning us (four times total) that "we'll be closing soon."  Again.  Food, magnificent.  So so so good.  But feeling directly pressured to hurry the heck up and get out after being abandoned by the waiter...um no.  We won't go back.
5	Wow the food was amazing.  We ordered the parallel tasting menu with wine pairing.  I was not disappointed.  The sorbet dessert were yummy and the Swan court was really cool to hang out after your meal. Overrall the ambiance was great and service was superb.  This is a must go restaurant when I'm in Vegas.
3	On my most recent and likely last (for awhile) Vegas trip, my intentions were to eat at some top-notch restaurants...On our last night we headed to Mandalay Bay to Aureole...FYI- we were at Encore Beah Club all day in a Cabana with 30+peeps watching World Cup so you can imagine the amoutn of alcohol in our system, not good for trying a top notch restaurantPeople are right when they say the Wine tower is amazing...very dark and intimate setting and the plush booths were very comfortableFor the first course I had Charlie's Onion soup...hot, savory, delishFor the main course I had Pan Seared Filet Mignon, med-rare...amazing, amazingFor dessert we had the ice-cream trio, you can't go wrong with ice cream....Waitstaff was very attentive and helpful....Again when going to a nice restaurant in vegas do not be like me and drink all day....does not pair well with fine cuisine!
5	Went here for a business dinner last week, and to use a baseball analogy this place simply hit every aspect of fine dining out of the park (that is supposed to be a compliment :))The four-course meal: I would describe this as a French Laundry experience but with half the courses (again, in a way better than FL, which is not really a businessey type place, imo). Lamb, seafood, and some other very tasty items.The service: Excellent, everything went very smooth, waiter was very friendly, maybe a bit chatty (I think he is opening his own restaurant in Peru?? sort of nice to know)The atmosphere: Lives up to Vegas and Mandalay... Especially liked the wine tower with service people going up and down on ropes. Reminds me of Rum Jungle, which I guess has closed?? bummer on that.The company (I know not in the control of Aureole mgmt.), but had to mention they were fantastic as well.5 stars overall!
4	I really debated on the rating for Aureole.  We ate there right after arriving in Las Vegas for a week long stay at Mandalay Bay.  I was there on business but my husband joined me to combine a little bit of pleasure with the business.  I was really looking forward to Aureole after hearing so much about it.  I will start by saying our food was fabulous and that is of course the most important aspect of any restaurant experience.  Service was also very good.  My pomegranate martini was one of the best that I have ever had.  What was a little disappointing was the stark nature of the restaurant.  I think one problem is that  due to the 3 hour time difference from the east coast, we were there early by Vegas standards, around 6 pm  Wall are all white with no artwork or anything to speak of.  Maybe when it is dark the wine tower takes center stage but in the bright light it was really not as impressive as others have stated and we really only saw one flight up the tower during our entire meal.  I was also a bit shocked to see what appeared to be a curtained area used for waiters etc to serve from.  It just appeared kind of flimsy, like something you would see at a large banquet hall.  It was one of those rare dining experiences where the lack of ambiance took away from an otherwise great meal and if anything I had expected the opposite situation.
3	Sadly, I must add to the apathetic reviews after my dinner at Aureole last night. Not because of the service, which was not excellent but also not terrible, nor because of the wine program, which  lived up to its reputation overall, but because in the end the food was just okay, and what is a great restaurant without great food?Service was actually pretty quick, though very "entitled." What do I mean by that? Lots of assumptions were made all night. For instance, just after my first course, I was asked if I wanted any more bread (I had already tried one roll). I replied, "Not right now," which evidently prompted the server to clear my bread plate, knife and butter. It would have been proper (and polite) to ask first. Lots of little details like this all night surprised me, given the (formerly) stellar reputation of this institution.The food was good, but not great. I wasn't starving, so I just went for the 3 course menu -- corn chowder, cioppino and cheese. The chowder featured a tiny crab cake in the center of the dish, which tasted very fishy and was dried out from overcooking. I also had to pull some corn gristle out of my mouth, which is always gross. The cioppino had almost no flavor. Seriously. I put salt on it, which helped, but honestly it looked and tasted like someone had poured a thin tomato broth over 4 (count them) clams and a few unidentifiable pieces of fish. I could have gotten better cioppino at any seaside diner in California. The cheese was fine, albeit I received one TINY piece of three cheeses in total. I do mean small, and I do mean only one piece. Very stingy.The wine program is obviously very extensive. That's what made this restaurant famous originally, and that's why I wanted to come primarily -- to see the "wine angels" make their ascent up the wine tower. Sadly, though many patrons around me ordered bottles, no angels ascended. I can only assume the bottles are stored somewhere else as well? Bummer. However, on the plus side, I did enjoy my wine selection and service. I opted for a 2008 Christian Moreau Chablis 1r Cru Vaillons, which was $90. A lovely Chardonnay, which paired well with the chowder in particular.  One of a few interesting bottles on the long list priced below $100. Wine service was well executed and prompt. My glass was always filled at the right time and with the right amount.In the end, a spotty meal with a few highlights. I wonder if Aureole will be retired or re-vamped? One or the other should probably happen soon.
5	Food was great, no issues with service(though the place wasnt full either.  I asked a couple of questions in regards to how my food was prepared(i wanted to know what they used, and the waiter didnt know much about it).  The sorbet was wonderful.  I think the decor was off, I dont think purple/white table cloths go with mauve and blue chairs and the off yellow/tan didnt seem to match anything.
5	My boyfriend took me here last Valentines day. It is expensive so be ready to drop some dough. This place was very elegant and classy. Service was superb but best of all I had the most delicious steak ever here! Seriously, probably the best steak I have ever had. Cooked and seasoned absolutely perfect. It was amazing. Although I also Loved my steak at Nove at the Palms as well. Love that restaurant too. If you want to go to a "fancy" restaurant or take your date somewhere exquisite, this should definitely be one of your first options! I loved it.
4	I went for restaurant week priced fixed dinner with wine pairing. After passing the wine tower numerous times I had to finally eat here. The service was attentive without being over the top. The beef short and shallots were good but I was expecting a bit more from a wasabi pomme puree. It is a fun place to dine at because of the wine tower and the wine selection being on Ipads.
5	I took my girlfriend here for her birthday and we both loved the place. First thing you'll notice as you step in is the huge wine tower and the wine angels to retrieve the wine (pretty awesome mini-show!). The restaurant is elegant, as many Las Vegas establishments are, with a soft ambiance. Service was, for the most part, quick and attentive. We had a very cheerful waiter who took noticeable care with handling our orders. Our wine waiter was, however, a bit cold and emotionless in explaining how the wine selection worked. They give you an electronic tablet with an extensive wine list, allowing you to filter by many categories. The food is amazing. I started with the Peruvian ceviche, onion soup, oysters, and ahi tuna tartar. The ceviche was one of the best I've ever had,  with a nice tang. I loved the tuna tartar and the oysters, but wasn't crazy about the onion soup. For our entrees, we had grilled swordfish and alaskan halibut with a side of mashed potatoes with garlic. My swordfish was delicious, but her halibut was a bit salty. The potatoes was very good. Since we were stuffed, we declined dessert other than tea, but they rewarded us with a complimentary little dessert platter with assorted cakes. Overall, we loved this place and will definitely come back the next time we visit Vegas.
5	A restaurant within a restaurant. There is about 12 tables and booths that look out to a waterfall and pond where the swans spend their time entertaining us as we dine on their pre fix menu which has always been exceptional. The wine list is extensive and the noise factor is not present like eating in Aureole's. The service is about as good as it gets. Wish we could afford to go every month but we have to settle for once or twice a year. A definite must try out
4	Parallel tasting!!! Well worth it, and the dessert was amazing. Celebrating anniversary, got some amazing desserts!The wine was displayed in a tab, very high tech. The decor was cool, in the back there's a huge tower of wine. Basically, a lady would just act like spider man and get the wine, amazing! It's def romantic type of setting, it's ok if you're late as long as you call to let them know.The dessert is cool, but I really enjoyed Le Cirque. The price isn't bad for the tasting menu @ about $80-90.
1	Ok, so I was expecting something impressive. The only impressive things were the decore, the staircase that wrapped around the tower of wine and the bill at the end of the evening.The "signature cocktail" was gross don't order it, nasty. The service was bad. It took a half hour to get water, then a half hour to get drinks, then a half hour to get the first course, ect. The meal was nothing but took hours to serve. The wine served was vinegar, but they did provide the new glasses of wine. They asked in a condescending way if we would prefer a "different wine", to which I replied "just make sure its not vinegar".  The food was mediocre at best. Very very disappointing. Save your money and go to a slot machine, at least you know your going to get ripped off. Perhaps this was an off night, but when the front desk was confronted they said " talk to the management", translation "Do I look like I care?". They didn't seam to care.
5	Best Vegas dinner two years running so far.Many seating choices on several levels. Superb trained staff seems genuinely interested in YOU, not just pumping up their bill. They always ask if it is a special occasion and treat it as one, regardless of whether it IS an anniversary or not.Best Deal in town in early September ever year is the Las Vegas Restaurant Week (12 days) that raises money for charity with fixed price menus at some of Vegas's best restaurants.http://www.helpoutdineoutlv.org/restaurants/menusI think their seafood dishes are some of the best, but they seem to do everything well. Amazing electronic Wine Notebook plus three level Wine rack guarantees that you can find something that fits, and even their lower end wines are excellent.  Now WHY would you go to MIX at The Hotel instead of Aureole TWICE we are asking ourselves:) ?
2	The short version: Dessert = 4.9/5, Lounge wine list = 3/5, Service = -1/5We were offered a spot in the lounge as we just wanted a little bubbly to cap the birthday celebrations for my sis. We didn't need table service for that, so we headed into the lounge and, as directed, chose our own seating.Grabbing a high top along the wall, we took our seats and looked around, having enjoyed the walk down around the wine tower, and generally getting our bearings on the ambiance and decor.After about 5 minutes, we finally got some eye contact and some menus. The waiter all but dropped them and walked away had my sis not asked immediately for water glasses.After almost 10 minutes, we flagged someone else down, explained that our waiter had not been back in some time, reiterated our request for water, and asked to place our order. While waiting, we saw a dessert sampler served to the table next to us and decided to give it a go.The fizzy stuff came out in good time, we had a toast, and we waited, chatted, and lamented the fact that we would, in all probability, explode before the evening was out (see previous review of STRIPSTEAK ;)).The dessert came out and we were not disappointed (nor did we care about our impending food-induced doomsday). The molten lava cake was melt-in-your-mouth perfect, the brownie and mousse had a bit of a spicy kick to it and was, overall, amazing. The strawberry shortcake was bland and a bit on the dry side, and the creme brulee was too soft (probably a result of too small a serving, the crisping of the crust alone would melt the tiny bit of creme in the dish).The original waiter came by and asked if we were finished. We assured him we were, he nodded, and then... he left. He left everything on the table and just left. When he returned (almost 10 minutes later?) he asked again if we were finished and if we'd like the check. We again answered in the affirmative and he disappeared only to return with the bill; someone else finally came and cleared the table.$40 for a dessert sampler and two glasses of bubbly enjoyed in the bar/lounge. That didn't bother me as much as the inattentive, slow, and inefficient service. I am hoping a dinner experience will change my mind about this place, but I am in no real hurry to return after that.
5	yes the wine tower is great, you dont need to hear this again. the service was top notch, minus the long delay for dessert to arrive. Otherwise, you are surrounded by professional servers. comp'd items here and there were a welcome surprise. Salmon dish is fantastic.
5	One of the best meals I've had in Vegas. Really superb.We were just ambling through Mandalay Bay and figured, what the hell. The food's great, the room is elegant, and the wine tower is a hoot--especially when the sommelier uses a rope belay to Mission: Impossible her way up to a bottle and back again.  Oh, and their wine list is on a touch tablet so you feel like George Jetson ordering a glass. Did. Not. Disappoint. Go!
2	Everything about Aureole shouted 'Stale'.   Like they're not even trying anymore.  They didn't even have the Cirque de Soliel style wine server working the cage. We had the tasting menu, which is served in a cool way with a split plate with 2 dishes per round served in a different way.  Problem is after 5 courses I'd only say 1-2 were great and many were bland or just outright not good.Great sommelier but the rest of the service was atrocious considering we had the biggest table (8+) in the place.   They are heaving on the foams, gelees, and technique but didn't deliver on flavor.Keep moving, nothing to see here.
1	Wine lovers BEWARE.  Aureole had made a change and no longer allows customers to bring their own wine for corkage.  My wife and I have eaten here often over the past decade and wanted to spend our 25th anniversary at Aureole with a very nice bottle from our cellar instead of paying $$$$ restaurant prices.  Needless to say, we left and went over to Lupo (Wolfgang Puck) and had a great meal with fantastic service and a $20 corkage fee.
2	Ambiance and decor (wine tower) 5, Service (had to ask for menu, utensils, bill) 1, Food 2So after getting seated, our group had to request menus after being ignored for about 10 minutes.  They (we had 2 servers) came out with wine and cocktail menus first (maybe hoping we'd drink too much so that we wouldn't notice how slow the service was).  After finally getting menus and ordering, we were served a nice selection of breads.  When the food came out, everyone got their entrees except me so we nicely asked the waitress to check on the order for us.  When the waiter returned with my swordfish, he said that the reason they didn't bring my dish was because we had switched seats and the servers sent my dish back when they saw food already present at my original seat.  I couldn't decide whether he was just presenting an excuse or being accusatory, but I wasn't sure why they didn't just ask me if that extra entree was mine since I didn't have any food in front of me.  After I started to eat my fish, I was very impressed with the way it was seasoned.  However as I started to get to the middle of the filet, I noticed that it wasn't fully cooked.  So I asked the waitress if this type of fish was supposed to be served this way and she claimed that it was how the chef liked to prepare it, but if I wanted to she could take it back (hubby and foodie then tells me that swordfish is supposed to be fully cooked).  So after getting my fish back, I was only able to eat the outside parts because the middle was still not cooked.  At that point, I was full on the mini vegetables so I didn't ask for them to try again.  I was thinking that they would get a 1 star rating from me, but sadly I must confess that I can be easily bribed with desserts.  The waitress had seen my disappointment (and uneaten fish) and said she would send out some sorbet that is made in house.  She ended up sending out sorbet and ice cream and I found them very light and flavorful!  Voila!  They gain back a star!  So, the final say is...If you're a wine drinker (which I'm not), you would probably want to try it for that reason because their selection is pretty vast.  Not to mention the gimmicky wine faeries are fun to watch as they fetch your order.  Otherwise, save the $120-200 for the slots because who knows, you could get to spin on the wheel of fortune machines or win Megabucks! ;)
5	Wonderful tasting menu experience at Auroele!  We sat in the Swan Court, which I loved. You get to walk out to the courtyard at your leisure and see these beautiful white swans swimming about the pond. We had the dine Las Vegas prefixe and the full Parallel tasting menu. Everything we had was delicious, beautifully plated, and exquisite...the parallel menu items being a little bit better than the prefixe. The desserts and sorbets were to die for...the highlight of the experience were all the sorbets!
4	*This is a downstairs Wine Bar review only*The other night my wife and I had an excellent time at the bottom floor bar of Aureole in Mandalay Bay. There is also an upstairs cocktail area along the hallway inside Mandalay Bay, but we felt more like a bar experience than a people watching one.The wine selection was EXCELLENT. I got a red flight and my wife got a white flight. The tempranillo and zinfindel in the red flight were great, and my wife said two out of her three white wines were excellent. We also got an ahi tuna appetizer which gets an A+ for presentation and taste, but a B for quantity. They aren't huge or anything, and they come on a specialized plate designated for six pieces but instead give you four with the other two pieces on the plate garnished with avacado. We also go the dessert sampler menu which I highly suggest for sugar-lovers out there. Everything from the Creme Brule to the Lava Cake was outstanding, and just enough for two people to share. We were going to pair the dessert with a Sautern, but the Sautern there wasn't very good, so we opted (on recommendation from the bartender) for an Ice Wine instead. The Ice Wine was AMAZING. The service was also remarkable. It was pretty busy downstairs but the two men tending the bar were still personable and didn't rush us. We did get their fairly early in the night (about 6:30pm on a Friday), so the rush may not have come yet.Also, another cool feature was the Cirque du Soleil-esque wine retriever. They have a four story wine rack that is great to look at and it becomes even more fun when you see a woman in a harness bouncing up and down to get the bottle you want. All in all, this place would have been perfect if it wasn't for one thing: The prices. We got two sample flights of wine, an ahi tuna appetizer, a dessert sampler and two glasses of Ice Wine and the price came out to about $115 before the tip. I get that sometimes you are paying for experience, but I know I didn't get $115 in quality of wine.Everything else was magnificent. I was very impressed and may go back to Aureole again, but I may only get one or two items to keep down on the cost. Extra Note: While your there, and if you go before 9pm, walk down to the Shark Reef. It was a great experience and they do have discounts for locals. I thought it was going to be a small, crappy aquarium but it was actually pretty good sized and kept us entertained for awhile.
3	This rating is a combination of two elements, food and service.  Food = 5 stars, Service = 1.5.Food:I have dined here twice.  I do not recall what I had on my first visit, but I know I left happy and someone I was with at the time said it was one of the best meals they ever had.  I went again a couple weeks ago and got the Parallels menu.  If you are unfamiliar that menu comes with five courses.  Each course has two distinct dishes with one common ingredient.  I have never seen anything like this and loved the concept.  Everything was cooked to perfection and I really enjoyed every course.  One of the people I was with ordered the salmon and was not happy with the the dish, not the way it was cooked (overdone).Service:The service was done in a team of two.  The first server was very nice, gave us our menus answered any quick questions and then disappeared forever.  Too bad.  Our second server was terrible.  Horrible at answering our questions on the menu, always in a huge hurry, and didn't seem to care at all about the service.  Although I did not buy the wine, I will add this from the person who did:  The electronic menu SUCKS! and our sommelier was great and very helpful.  A restaurant of this caliber has to excel in all areas and sadly Aureole nailed the food 75% and completely blew the service.
3	Great place for vendors to throw cocktail hour for their clients and prospective clients. Drinks were flowing. The Souv. Blanc they served was nice. Hour devours were flowing, but super bite size. Yummy though. Ambiance throughout the restaurant was great. Back patio with fountain was great too. We'll need to go back to try dinner and more wine.
5	Okay, I don't know what has been going on with other diners, but our experience at Aureole was awesome.I can't belive Aureole lost its Michelin star last year.  A few of the dishes we ordered, on the a la carte menu, two (the ricotta ravioli appetizer and the veal shank) were two of the best dishes we've ever encountered.  And we've eaten at the French Laundry, Joel Robuchon, etc.  They served a steak knife with my veal, but I didn't need it.  The brazed meat fell apart with the touch of my fork, and the warm spices, beans, and strong salty prosciutto tortellini melded in a symphony of fall flavor.  My wife's salmon ricotta ravioli is one of the best to or three things we've ever eaten.  The creamy texture of the cheese supported the decadent salmon and vegetables perfectly.  It's simply indiscribable and a must-order.  The waiter recognized as much (he asked my wife if she'd ever been there before, as she had ordered two of the best things on the menu.)The service was almost top-notch (the interaction with the sommelier and the waiter was a bit awkward, and the table next to us didn't get their coffee with their dessert). The electronic wine tablet is a great idea, though I couldn't get it to work (and I'm a technie).  I couldn't scroll through the varietal menu without first selecting one of the grapes at the top of the alphabetical list (so to scroll to granache, you'd have to click on cabernet, and all that would come up is cabernets...).  Since we were interested in "c" wines, that was fine with me.  Others have commented on servers forgetting a table, bringing things out incorrectly, or simply being rude.  Other than what I listed above, and a slightly too fast pace for dinner, none of that here--everyone was professional, friendly and attentive.  And we were there on a Sunday night at 6:30. The sommelier's recommendation for a cab franc was good, and the wine was tasty, but not out of this world.  But, I guess that's what you get for a $68 bottle of French wine at a place like this.A few recent reviews commented on the small portions.  We found that to be just the opposite.  For a fine dining restaurant, the portions were HUGE! My wife and I could not finish our entrees and could barely get to the huge selection of sorbets.  It's not the Sizzler or an all you can eat buffet, but the portions certainly didn't leave you wanting more -- they left you wanting to clean your plate.And, of course, the giant wine tower, with its gathering angels, was a sight to behold.Maybe it's not the most inventive cuisine now, but Aureole does not disappoint.  4.5/5, rounded up to 5 because of the ravioli and veal.
5	Aureole was a surprise. It was the best restaurant in Mandalay Bay. The service was fast and efficient. The food was well prepared and delicious. The ice cream was fantastic! It's prepared in the restaurant. Desserts are really great!
1	My husband and I went for what we were told was a "traditional Thanksgiving dinner" the food was awful, service was not welcoming.  I would not recommend this resturant for food!
4	Arrived in Vegas for the Rock N Roll marathon and was walking through Mandalay Bay when my friend and I stopped at this place. We originally had reservations at another place but wound up canceling those and eating here. Their wine list is huge!! They bring it out on an e-tablet and you choose bottle or glass. A server comes by each table with a variety of fresh baguette/breads. The menu had many enticing options but I ended up choosing Chef Vincent`s Market 3 course menu. Starters was breaded calamari in a slight tangy/spice sauce (yum!).Main course: Beef skirt steak in a bourbon with wasabi mashed potatoes and asparagus(scrumptious!). Dessert: mango cheesecake and lemon cello ice cream, well I thought that I was supposed to get that but ended up with pistachio ice cream? Not sure why!? Bonus though since it was also my friend`s birthday, they sent over an additional dessert trio! Oh wow, more decadence!! No problem since I was in town for  a half-marathon!The place overall: pleasing, stellar and enjoyable!
5	Wonderful, wonderful, wonderful restaurant! My friend and I ate small plates here instead of entrees so we could try a variety of food. Every single thing was delicious!We ordered lobster stuffed mushrooms, apricot-glazed chicken lollipops, and truffle croquettes. No regrets!We went here a month ago, and my friend and I still talk about Aureole like we were just there yesterday. Very highly recommended!
4	upscale atmosphere; quiet; excellent service and wine selection
1	This restaurant is living off their past reputation. The food quality has greatly declined. My girlfriend ordered the sea bass and it was completely over cooked. I had the scallops and one of them was like rubber. The side dishes especially the corn was drowned in butter and bacon, completely ruining the natural flavor of the corn. The service is adequate, but nothing that would want to make you come back. Do your self a favor and head over to the restaurants in MGM Grand instead.
4	I've been here twice thus far, and I have enjoyed it. The service is good. Some of the servers are excellent, and others can seem a little more pretentious. In general, the food is very good. I did the pre-fixe menu the 1st visit, and it was a while ago, so I don't remember what I had, but I remember liking it enough to come back. At that time, the server even brought me some extra goodies for free, so that was nice. They are also on restaurant.com, so you can get a pretty good discount here. On my recent visit, I ordered the butternut squash ravioli with duck confit. This was a very nice mix of flavors. The foie gras was also good, but I actually had better foie gras the night before at Stripsteak next door.  The cheese plate was good. I also had the salmon, which was good but not great. I definitely enjoyed the pre fixe menu I ordered on my 1st visit better than the choices I made on my most recent visit. So the take home message here is not to trust myself to know how to order properly :)  Also, they bring an assortment of four breads at the beginning (including pretzel bread), but they are all served cold, which is not pleasing. Who likes cold bread better than warm bread? Plus, they seem very excited about their wine list and the "wine angels" on harnesses who go get your wines for you. I have a better idea... why not charge admission and strap the guest into the harness and he/she can go get his/her own wine. Dinner and a ride! I want to give them 3 stars for the most recent visit, but 4 stars for the initial visit. I guess I rounded up. The overall average rating of 3.5 stars is very accurate.
3	management shuffle takes its toll. they're displaying all their awards up the 100-foot wall, but except for the barmen (nice job guys), there is little poise and less precision in service to be found anywhere here.probably the bustle of christmas night mahem, but this place made me feel like i was inside the mad hatter's grandfather clock, all manner of gadgets and oompa-loompa caretaker elves spinning and going haywire about me.#host/sommelier/captain crazy witch lady (her long hair wildly flying in her wake) ran over my guest in the bar, her cocktail in hand almost spilt. all that was missing was the pointy hat and broom.#argues with us about our preference for lime and cucumber for our water, saying it will destroy the wine. WHAT?! give us our goddam garnishes, lady!#inserts herself randomly into our conversation, but at least now we're aware of her preferences in muppets. maybe she wanted to join us at table. WHAT?!#staff not communicating; service team not working in unison. how many times do I have to say, "yeah, somebody already asked us that" and "no, she's having flat water. i'm having sparkling." sheesh!maybe they're triple-teaming as part of a special christmas mayhem game?#too-fast rim-shot- and synthesized-clap-heavy bossa acid jazz makes me feel like I'm trespassing on a miami photo shoot, not the mostly elegant vibe I wanted#freaky jaundice-yellow-hued lighting makes the sides of my tongue twitch#tablet-pc wacom-pen-enabled wine list confounds (yeah, guys, that was 10 years ago -- today's standard is touch-with-your-finger, five-pounds-lighter _iPad_)despite the craziness, the kitchen mostly had their act together, and the holiday menu was well-prepared, not a last-minute casserole of the regular menu's sleepy standards (like what everyone else was doing tonight)highlights (christmas prix fix)...--truffled pate du fois gras. traditional (except for the wonder-bread toast points. yeah, not so much) quince jelly adds a touch of sweetness.--scallop with with uni polenta and zesty yuzu foam. scallop not seasoned, polenta more like oatmeal. FAIL.**--langoustine, truffled potatoes and brussel sprout leaves. WIN. embodies the "new-american" thing which is happening now. the french techniques are there, but it feels decidedly local.*--sliced venison amidst confit of red cabbage, vanilla and fois gras apple cobbler and strawberry-infused reduction. Delectable combination of flavors, but with fork you must compose your bite carefully to capture them all.Feels like chef-selection buffet plate, little dabs of all the kitchen's best. Luckily (or masterfully) they come together like a changing kaleidoscope--chocolate cake with raspberries and gelato. (but the gelato had far too much cream... it was ice cream) raspberries "almost" freezer burned -- they were holding their flavor like champs despite the extreme cold. thanks, guys.
5	Fantastic meal... Everything cooked to perfection, the staff was topnotch...
4	This is another of the fine dining restaurants available in the Mandalay Bay Resort that is worth trying. As some people know, this is the establishment with the wine tower in which beautiful women hang from pulley systems while retrieving wines selections for guests. It's ambiance is quite pleasant, and helpful for guests who may be hard of hearing as the noise of the casino floor is deafened once you descend into the restaurant. Swans swim in the fountains outside and apparently for $10,000 you can have the swan for dinner and receive two complimentary down stuffed pillows of said swan if that's your agenda. The food is artful, creative and innovative and diverse tasting menus are also sometimes available. I recommend the lamb shank and the french onion soup and as far as desert and coffee go it's some of the best in the city. The service here is also attentive and professional. Overall this place is a wonderful spot for a lovely date night or a large Christmas party, just bring the wallet because as they say, "you get what you pay for".
4	I dinned at Aureole over the holidays and had a wonderful time.  There were two major issues I had with the place.  One, the staff was good.  They need to communicate  better between themselves.  As guests we were ask the same question on two different instances.  Second, the food, it was good, but  It had the look of being mass produced.Holiday tasting menuWine Angels- Make them fly when you go.Bright dinning roomIt was a nice dinner and there were a couple of memorable courses.  I would go back.
1	I was so excited to finally visit Aureole, after not being able to visit about a year ago. The concept of "wine angels" sounded really cool and, online, the menu looked really good. While the restaurant is certainly elegant and upscale, the service was terrible. We ordered wine from a massive and confusing electronic list of wines brought to the table by a person believed to be our waiter. However, after waiting about 30 minutes, we still had no wine and had to flag down the bus boy for more water, as well as finding someone to tend to the wine order. The appetizers were good (I ordered a cheese plate); however, they would have been complimented by wine. When our wine finally did arrive, it was brought by a completely different server, and our waiter was no where to be found. Then our entrees arrived, one of which was not what had been ordered. Once the correct plates arrived, they were delicious, but our experience was already tainted. We were never able to order more wine, and never received more water. In fact, the only person who was attentive was the woman who brought around bread. Although we were given a complimentary dessert (a plate a small cookies), it paled in comparison to the poor service. I've received better quality service in a truck stop. Though the food was good, for the price we paid, the service should be top quality as well. And while the impressive tower of wine is cool, we saw one wine angel the entire night. Totally overrated.
5	I've dined here quite a few times & Chef Vincent definitely knows what's up.  The food is outstanding and bar service from Sal always makes the bar/lounge area fun.  Next time you're in Vegas make sure you give this place a try.  I do miss Megan Romano's chocolates though....
4	Amazing ice wine!! Great service - they go beyond for you. Limited vegetarian options though. Expensive but you definitely get your moneys worth.
5	Amazing wine List, amazing staff, peaceful interior and to die for food. Seafood platter trumps my seafood list!
1	I'll get the good part out of the way first. The food, overall, was pretty good. I had the parallel tasting menu, which included shrimp two ways (ceviche with avocado, crispy with chili sauce), roasted sea bass, rabbit with truffles and fettuccine, beef loin, sweetbreads, and macaron and creme brulee for dessert. The rabbit and the desserts were the main standouts for me. My friend had the wine pairing along with it, but he said the pairings were not all that great.The other highlights food-wise were the onion soup served in puff pastry, and the dessert sampler. Okay. Now for the rest. I hope you're not going anywhere.The service here was ATROCIOUS. Call me crazy, but if I'm dining at a one Michelin star restaurant with a group of people whose tab is over $1100 bucks, am I wrong to expect service that's better than my local Chili's? I guess so.We were seated by one waiter/captain and ordered drinks. My friend's wife ordered a glass of wine, and another person ordered a cocktail (amaretto sour). We then proceeded to order dinner. About half the table wanted the tasting menu, while the other half wanted to go ala carte. The waiter said that would be just fine. We also indicated that we were going to be paying separately...also told that would be fine.Food service began. Those that ordered the tasting menu got their food first. The head waiter/captain (different guy now) failed to describe all of the courses after they were served. He totally flubbed the dessert course...basically seemed like he had no idea what they were serving. The half of the table that ordered the tasting menu got almost all of their food before the other half got theirs, so half of our party just sat there twiddling their thumbs while the others ate.Finally the other food came out. Several people ordered steaks. None of them were asked if their steak was cooked to their preference. My friend's wife that ordered one glass of wine? She was brought two, for some reason. She also ordered a side dish that was never served. Throughout the meal, no water glasses were refilled. I had to ask each time for more water. Empty cocktail glasses sat unbussed. Breadcrumbs were never swept away. Empty sweetener packets were left on the table. After everyone had eaten, they brought out dessert menus. We looked but opted not to order anything. For some reason, two desserts were brought to our table. We thought that since no one ordered anything, these must have been given to us gratis. Nope! They showed up on our bill.Speaking of the bill. Like I said earlier, we had indicated that we were going to be paying separately. The waiter told us that he couldn't split it for us, but if we wanted to personally divide up the check he could put it on multiple cards. We gave in and did it. As we're tallying up the tab for everyone, head waiter dude comes back and basically chastises us, saying "you know, if you would have told me at the beginning of the meal that you wanted the check separated, I could have done it then. But now it's too late." Really dude? Fuck you.The last straw was when we finally had our bill sorted, everyone paid and signed. As we're leaving, dipshit waiter guy runs up to us claiming that one of us (me) hasn't paid. Bullshit. I said my bill is on the table. He says no, I never saw it. So I walk back to the table, and it's under a fucking napkin. Good job Einstein. Never thought to look there?The service at this restaurant is honestly one of the worst service experiences I've ever had. I almost feel like because we were a party of nine, and gratuity was automatically included, that they just said "fuck you we're getting tipped no matter what." If I'm dropping that much coin I expect things to run much more smoothly. It's a shame, because the food here isn't bad. But then again I've had much better for much cheaper. I can't imagine any reason I would ever come back here, especially with the multitude of other fine dining options available in Las Vegas.And if I ever see that worthless waiter again I'm gonna punch him in the balls.
5	One of my favorite dining experiences ever, and I've been lucky enough to experience a few Michelin locales. Fantastic ambience, service was attentive but not overbearing, personnel were warm and friendly, wine list rocked my world (all stored in a searchable database on an iPad), food was exceptional. Ignoring my wallet, I would love to return here soon.
4	I really enjoyed this dining experience, as did my dinner guests.  I thought the restaurant was lovely, the service was excellent, and the menu items were varied.We were initially given the wine list which is overwhelming to say the least.  Having that much wine to choose from was a luxury but also a curse!  We ended up with one red, one white, both in the $75-$100.  The list had bottles in all price ranges, which is good for all budgets.My group decided to do the regular menu which was a prix fix where you pick an app,  an entree and dessert.  We considered the parallel tasting menu, but there was a beef wellington that wasn't on the tasting menu.  The popular apps at our table were the wild mushroom risotto, lobster cappuccino (bisque) and the seared tuna niciose.   All got rave reviews.For Dinner, most of us had the beef wellington which had a layer of fois gras between the pastry and steak.  It was decadent and delicious.The server brought us a sampling of sides for the table, which was awesome, but we ended up barely touching the side dishes because the dinner was so great.We ended with dessert and the pear dessert was the standout.  We also got a sampling of sorbet, which was amazing, and I am not one to waste time on sorbet.All in all, it was a fantastic meal and the service was awesome.  If you can sit in the swan court, you will have access to the outside patio which is a nice place to enjoy your after dinner drinks.Based on other reviews, I would return, but expect that the great service we recieved was because it was a weeknight.
5	I've been told before that I'm "emotionally sterile". What does that even mean? Maybe, I'm not overly emotional, unreasonably dramatic, or fail to exhibit the cliched passion that comes with the warm fuzzies. Possibly, it's because I'm not googley eyed and in love and have yet to demonstrate the depths of true love. That may have all changed after my exceptional experience at Aureole. I'm in love with Aureole. I can now rant and rave and become emotionally obsessed with the rich and decadent life that I could lead with Aureole. Ever had a meal so good you think that you're going to faint from the deliciousness? Ever tasted something so good you literally had that elusive foodgasm? Not an easy feat, but damn you Aureole, I'm seriously sprung off of what you have serving up!First, let me just set the scene here. Mom, Susan 1 and I met at Mandalay for dinner. I had just come off my high of beating the house and I was ready to celebrate. We went to Strip Steak first and seeing that they had an hour wait, I remembered that incredible wine tower and boom! Dinner at Aureole was coming to fruition. We walked down the steps that curve along the wine tower-a pretty cool sight-down to the check-in stand. I wasn't in any condition for fancy dining-but it's Vegas-if you got the money, they got the goods. We were seated at a lovely table by the window. The sommelier came by and we ended up with a great bottle of Pinot Noir. Let's jump into our tasty meal.Cavier-Russian Golden Ostera served with toast, finely chopped onions, egg white and yolk and cream. Delicious-salty, briney and heaven with every bite! Let me just say that when I ordered the cavier, our server told us that they were out. Seeing the slight disappointment in my face, he excused himself only to come back a few minutes later and said he was SENDING someone to get my cavier from another restaurant on the property. WHAT?!? Roasted Butternut Squash with Succotash-Smooth, nutty and just spectacular! The succotash with arugula was so good!Roasted Chicken-served with black truffle jus-need I say more? The skin was crispy without sacrificing the moistness and flavor!Roasted Pork Chop with roasted tomatoes-Large portion, filling and well flavored!Duo beef filet with skirt steak-I like my steak medium rare-it came out the peerrrfect temprature and practically melted, and I mean melted in my mouth!Creamy Spinach Au Gratin-Susan's favorite! A great side-definitely very rich!Parmesan Fries-and dare I say I tasted some truffle oil in there? Dessert Sampler-Strusel Baked Apple-Yummy. Who doesn't love baked apple? It's the ultimate comfort food. Salted Caramel Bombe-Wow! Salt and sweet definitely go together here! Warm Molten Cake-I'm no chocolate lover, but I was giddy about this! Macaroon Tea Creme Brulee-a very different taste but surprisingly good!Tasting of Pumpkin-Spiced pumpkin cake, chocolate ginger pot de creme, honey caramel lollipop. All amazing!As if that wasn't enough-our lovely waiter, Jose brought us a large sampler of their sorbets to wrap up the night. The food was heavenly but it doesn't stop there. I don't hand out 5 star reviews just for anyone....The great food is just like great sex. Really satisfying and fun but probably won't keep me coming back unless there is some depth....And, like I said, I'm in love with Aureole...now let me tell you why....Our waiter, Jose was outstanding! Knowledgeable, warm and inviting! He not only brought us the sorbets but after drinking our bottle of wine-he brought me another glass of Pinot on the house! I told him how amazing our night was and thanked him for the experience. He then offered to give me, Susan and my mom a tour of the kitchen and to meet the chef!What? I didn't even know that things like this happened! My mom is currently in culinary school and the very thought of seeing the inside workings of one of Charlie Palmer's gems was something we could not pass up! Charlie Palmer of course wasn't there but we did get to meet Chef Vincent who was not only very accommodating but welcomed us in his kitchen! He even posed for a few pictures with us. He allowed us to take pictures of his kitchen and we sat and chatted for a bit. He even signed the menu and wrote  a small note for my mom. My mom's excitement was priceless-she is extremely passionate about her culinary studies and the look on her face was worth every single penny I spent at Aureole. To sum it up:Food-5 starsWine selection and the"angels" that grab the bottles-5 starsService-10 stars (it's my review, I can give 10 stars)Ambiance and experience-100 starsThank you to Aureole! I love you! Thanks to Jose and Chef Vincent as well!
1	This restaurant was a major dissapointment. Pros:  The food is good not great.  The wine tower is pretty cool.  Cons:  The service/waitstaff is atrocious.  They don't refill drinks.  The are very undeducated about the dishes they are serving.  They are socially awkward.   I could go on and on.  There are a ton of better dining options on the strip.Look elswhere, trust me on this one.
2	For a Michelin star-rated restaurant, I expected more.  Came here on a company dinner, so clearly we all got the 3-course meal.  While I don't remember the specifics of what I ate (Sorry Yelp world...this is what happens when you wait too long to write a review), I do remember not being completely blown away.  What I do remember was the meat duo I had -- it was a short rib with a piece of filet (I believe) and the sauces were very complimentary, but it wasn't something I'd expect from a restaurant of Aureole's caliber.  The beef duo at Chaya was much much better -- and that's saying something.All in all, the atmosphere was great and the service was spectacular (it was also awesome that the wine list came on a tablet), but the food just didn't live up to the standards I had set. I'd say that for the price, there are much better options for delicious meals in Vegas.
1	Overrated. 10 minutes to recieved a menu and another 15 before we saw a waiter (after we summoned a manager!), and another 10 before we could even hear specials. The wait staff thinks they are providing 5 star service, but in the real world it is slow and unresponsive. Over priced and underwhelmed.I have given this place 2 tries with clients and I will not be returning.
3	The wine angles are kind of what you pay for.  The food was merely adequate for the price.  They must have let the Michelin critic fly around in the wine tower to earn the star.
2	As you descend the two flights from Mandalay Bay's main concourse to Aureole you are stuck by the tower of wine in the center of the staircase, a promise this Michelin rated place will be worth  the price.  Reception is more efficient than welcoming and you are soon escorted to your table.  For such an apparently sophisticated locale dress is remarkably casual.  My coat and tie were in the minority, as was my touch of gray hair.  We have been there twice and both times the clientele was predominantly 20 and 30-somethings and in shirt sleeves and fashionable jeans.  Ask for a table in the back near the waterfall and swan pond.The wine list is indeed impressive, but is presented on what must be the original pad computer.  It requires a stylus, is balky and is as non-intuitive as can be.  Come with an idea of what wine you want and insist the sommelier operate the damn thing for you before she slips away.   Service overall was excellent though it was Valentine's Day evening and the place was packed.We both ordered fish, perhaps not the specialties of the house.  The swordfish in citrus with vegetables was beautifully presented.  The root vegetables were partially peeled with the skins tied into butterfly wings.  The fish was only good by comparison.  The red snapper, characterized by our waiter as flaky, was under cooked and flavorless.  It was presented on a bacon infused bed of vegetables that were much better than the fish.  The side of root vegetables was uniquely spiced and delicious.The star of the meal was the onion soup, presented under a pastry shell the waiter cut open.  Excellent.  For such a highly rated restaurant the evening was disappointing.
1	Service is really really bad.  I mean awful. Which is an important part of the experience. Had reservations for five of us on Friday 2/3/12 and had high hopes. Unfortunately that all crumbled from the minute we arrived to getting our check- when the server was practically telling us to leave. It took awhile for them to decide who would be our server, we picked a wine from their electronic tablet and it still took awhile for the wine to arrive. They didn't give us menus for at least 10-15 minutes after we sat waiting. Meal happened, not much to talk about there. After all the rudeness and check delivered, we were charged for dessert after several servers advised it was part of the prix fix menu. We didn't even want dessert and then they tried to charge us for it. It was really strange. Last, we needed to split our bill and had 3 cards- for their convenience we wrote down each amount for each card, making it easy as pie.  But then the great check debacle happened and they decided no- we're going to do it our way and split it evenly 3 ways leaving our one friend being charged double what she should have paid.I've never experienced such poor service and I feel bad for giving such a bad review, but I want other visitors to this restaurant to be forewarned. The food did not make up for it. The only thing we enjoyed was the wine and we picked that our ourselves.
5	The food was wonderful. The wine tower and wine list was awesome. I have never had a tablet computer for a wine list. This was a great evening with great friends.
4	I've only been here for work dinners.  If I were paying my own check, I'd probably choose a different restaurant, as I feel it's a bit overpriced for the quality of the food.  (It is Vegas, however, and everything is expensive, so...).   The restaurant entrance and lobby are quite nice - the wine tower makes for an eye-catching centerpiece to the main dining room.  Service has been attentive, though a bit slow paced.  We had no difficulty getting the attention of our server when I've dined here.  I suspect some people may interpret a leisurely pace as "poor service."  Each time I've dined here, my server frequently came through to fill water and wine glasses, see if anything was needed, and to ensure we were enjoying our dinners.  I also found them to be very accommodating, for example, making some substitutions even though I had ordered from a prix fixe menu.   All in all, I have had good experiences here.
3	I wish I could do 3.5 stars, I don't feel comfortable with the 4 stars, "Yay I'm a fan" but it was better than "A-OK."  It was an odd night.  It was restaurant week, so I'll give them that they were probably a bit busier than usual.  We were a bit of a larger table, so I will say that might have been tough.  The first misstep was when we were in the bar grabbing drinks before and we were scolded by the server for walking up to the bar to get our drinks...after we gave our drink order to the server we never saw our drinks.  We were seated and had to reorder drinks.  So that was a weird start to the evening.  The rest of service was great so it was odd that they had this large miscommunication to start things off.  Most people at the table got the restaurant week menu.  The first course was a choice of a salad which was frisee, poached egg, foie gras torchon and bacon lardons or a mussel soup.  Most people got the salad, I think they were impressed that they had foie gras on a restaurant week menu.  But it is restaurant week, it was pretty hard to find the foie gras the pieces were so small.  They said it was good though.  I ordered the foie gras appetizer for my first course.  It was a large piece so they definitely didn't skimp on that.  However it wasn't fully cooked through, there were veins that hadn't melted yet in the piece of foie and had to be sawed through with a knife.  Odd.  It was still tasty and maybe it was just a rare misstep.  My boyfriend got the french onion soup and he said it was delicious, it is served with a puff pastry top that is pretty and tasty.  Entrees we all ordered from the restaurant week menu.  There were two options.  One was a duck leg confit with lyonnaise potatoes and wilted greens.  The other option was braised beef short ribs and seared ahi tuna with kimchee brussel sprouts.  I had the play on "surf and turf."  It was the best part of the meal for me.  I was kind of curious what a braised beef and rare tuna dish would be like, but it was just amazing.  The textures and flavors were all just stunning.  It was a hit.  The Duck confit looked good, everyone liked it. Dessert options for the restaurant week menu didn't include any chocolate.  I basically don't waste calories on dessert unless it's a chocolate dessert.  I ordered from the regular dessert menu, it was a chocolate tea creme brulee.  It was ridiculous :)  Desserts seemed to go over very well.I would rate our experience a solid b+  service was actually great after the odd start to things.  Our server was very accommodating and it was nice to be able to kind of mix and match our meals.  The food was good to very good.  I have a lot of restaurants to go to in Las Vegas but I can see bringing some out of towners to impress them at Aureole.
4	Once you get past the entrance with wine tower, the dining area decor is a little dated... feels like it was designed by the Hilton Memphis from about 15 yrs ago.Wine list is impressive.  The parallel tasting menu provides 8 different tastes in 4 courses which is nice if you enjoy a lot of variety.  Also really enjoyed the Niman Ranch Double Cut Pork Chop and the Roasted Garlic Pomme Puree which is absolute buttery bliss.Service is a little stuffy and the waiters need to brush up on their English pronunciation and listening abilities.Luckily the food is tasty because otherwise, I wouldn't be giving it 4 stars and planning on going back in the future.
4	Fantastic meal, Great wine list, but very expensive. Great place to take your wife and enjoy a couple of hours of Great Service. My only complaint was the place was extremely noisy maybe because of the large parties going on. Would recommend to everyone. Advise to anyone who travels to download the Opentable App to your phone, you can get reservation minutes before going to most restraints.
4	An absolutely outstanding hotel restaurant--I have to give major points to Aureole for its incredible wine list, beautiful decor, and extremely professional service.  This is a high-end restaurant that runs the way a high-end restaurant should.  I ate here as part of a business retreat, and therefore, we had a slightly limited menu.  What was available was very good--no complaints here--but not so memorable as to justify 5 stars for a restaurant of this price.  Still, if you're near the Mandalay and looking for a great dining experience, Aureole has to be near the top of your list.
5	Make sure to get a restaurant.com coupon before going here because it is quite expensive.I have been here a few times and everytime I'm in Las Vegas, I try to come here.I love the wine tower/fairy and the entire ambiance of the restaurant.I'm a vegetarian and the waiter and chef are always willing to customize an amazing dish or variety of small dishes for me!The waiter even warned me that one of the appetizer breads had bacon in it which I thought was very thoughtful!The desserts were just as great as the meals!This is definitely a place to come and celebrate a special occasion.
2	My bad for going on Saturday night at 7, but these guys should be used to it.  Service was not the issue, it was the food.  Seabass, undercooked and un-amazing.Swordfish was ok, but saturated in a lemon sauce.  Good swordfish does not need to much added to it.Wine selector is the same tablet that they have been using for years, which needs an Ipad update.Overall, this place really needs an update.  I paid for it. (thru the nose)
4	Took two associates here. Fantastic food, however; the ambiance was a wee bit intimate for the style of dinner. Also, I felt like for the price and overall experience, the restaurant could use a little remodel, or something new. Still an all time favorite!
5	Service, decor, and food was all in order for a five star review. I ordered off the tasting menu which included sea bass with Ossetra caviar, house ice cream and cookies, lobster salad. I am a huge fan of the very contemporary decor and the restaurant is overlooking a pond with swans which adds a nice touch. While the service was good, it wasn't memorable. However the food was fantastic and was presented nice enough to be picture worthy. So far my best dining experience in Las Vegas.
5	I had my pick of basically every restaurant on the strip, and I chose Aureole. First, because I frequent the Charlie Palmer in Orange County, and wanted to see what else Mr.Palmer had up his sleeve. Second, because the offerings looked beyond enticing. I went with my date, and being the foodie that I am, he let me pick what we were going to eat. To start the dinner off we had their complimentary artisan breads, my personal favorite being the bacon bread (yummm!!!). I decided that the first courses looked more exciting than the seconds, and as we usually do, just ordered 4 things to share: Onion soup, Lobster Cappuccino, Wild Mushroom Risotto, and Roasted Butternut Squash Ravioli. The first course of soups was perfect. The lobster cappuccino was the front runner (I literally wanted to lick the bowl clean), and the onion soup was good but couldn't compete with the lobster. The wait for our second course was kind of long, which our waiter apologized for- and comped us dessert and espresso's, but after our first bite of both dishes neither of us cared about the wait. Both dishes were magic! The complexity of the flavors was astounding. I think my date and I looked at eachother with disbelief several times. Sadly, even though we shard everything, we couldn't finish it all (which I felt really bad about considering how deelish it all was). The espresso and gelato were great as well, but the two second course dishes will sit in my memory until my next foodgasm :)
5	Tried the 4-course parallel tasting menu, and it was absolutely amazing. At first, they said that it wasn't available due to a special Easter menu, but after a brief chat they happily complied. In return, we were compensated with 2 complimentary starters. And then the fun started. The beet and panna cotta starter were to die for, absolutely amazing. Then came the fantastic white asparagus, paired with an asparagus pastry-type and a juicy scallop. The main course was an excellent housemade sausage. But the stunner was the dessert. Lyche sorbert with ginger, yum. Then the waiters arrived with an array of delicious complimentary desserts, from cantaloupe sorbert to creme brulee. We've tried some great tasting menus back home in San Francisco and in Paris, and Aureole is definitely up there. Great time!
3	Went with a friend for dinner as she really wanted to try it.  I am always appalled by places that serve foie gras, but I wanted to make her happy so . . . . The ipad want to be tablet that they use for their wine list is ridiculously lame, totally doesn't work and only succeeded in pissing us off from the moment we sat down. It really set the tone for the evening but things did improve.  Service was also off which did not help the situation.  Things got significantly better when the food came.  Neither one of us was interested in the options on the prix fix so went with apps and entrees.  The seared ahi was really good and I would definitely get it again.  I also tried the sea bass which was excellent as well.  Overall I might go back as the food was quite good, but given the numbers of restaurants in Vegas I would be more likely to go elsewhere.
5	We ate at Aureole about a month ago but I hadn't gotten around to the review. Amazing! We did a full tasting menu with wine pairing. They don't skimp on that at all! It was almost a full glass of wine with each course! Everything was so good. I tried sweetbreads for the first time and I'm glad I did! We will definitely go back next time we are in Vegas!
3	I like inventive and new dining experiences.While Aureole did surprise me with some new and inventive dishes, it just feel short of being spectacular. I expected this restaurant to deliver much more. Service is great but food is so-so.
5	very impressive menu, food and service!
5	We had amazing service and food.  By the reviews it looks like maybe the service has slipped?  Not for us.  Everyone knew our names; we had to wait a little while for our table even with reservations.  We were fine with waiting in the bar, they comp'd us some beverages, the food was amazing. Nice mix of inventive and classics so everyone at the table was happy.  We did the chef's tasting with wine pairing; didn't disappoint.  The wine fairy is sexy.  Charlie Palmer rules.
4	My husband and I loved this restaurant.  I have to say it was our favorite of the fine dining establishments that we ate at during our recent Vegas trip.  The husband got the tasting menu and I tried everything he had.  Every bite was pure heaven.  I had the cod dish and it too was perfect in every way.  My only complaint is that there were several large parties there that night and it was loud and a little chaotic.  The waiter sensed my frustration and asked if they were being too loud.  I said "no" because I did not want to spoil their fun and I honestly don't think it was the fault of the party but the way the restaurant is set up.  This was my second time dining at this establishment and the service was much better the first time.  I attribute this largely to the fact that they had two large parties and may have been a little understaffed.  The specialty cocktails here are simply amazing and the desserts are so good that I would have been satisfied making a meal of dessert.  We will dine here every time we are in Vegas.  Check out the wine angels too - it was a Tuesday evening when we were here so we did not see any while we were dining but on busier nights, you will be able to see them scale the extreme wine tower retrieving bottles of wine.
5	Without a doubt, Aureole is a five star restaurant for food as well as service! I ordered the blue cheese crusted filet mignon (medium rare) which was hands down the best steak I've had in my life. We loved our waiter - Gustavo. He was very personable and went out of his way to accommodate us. The rest of the restaurant staff were very hospitable as well. One of my friends was celebrating her birthday so we asked the host to have some dessert sent out. They sent out a complementary gelato plate for the whole table! I also had a phone conversation with the Assistant Manager, Aaron, who was fantastic as well. I would highly suggest visiting this restaurant if you are in Vegas - I will definitely be returning on my next trip!
2	This restaurant used to have Wine Spectator's #1 collection of wines in the US. Due to Vegas faltering in hard economic times, the cellar is still there, but it noticeably more empty. We had seafood dishes which were average, but not great. Many years ago, I remember this as an excellent dining experience.Apparently, it's time has past. Today, this is a rather expensive and non-imaginative menu. I wonder if Charlie Palmer sold this off and decided to focus on NYC as the Mandalay Bay isn't what it once was.
4	For no particular reason we wanted to have a nice/fancy dinner during the time I was there and decided to try Aureole since it had been on my list for a long time and was also just next door to where we were staying. It's most recognizable feature is the two story wine tower that is the feature of the entrance way. If you're lucky you'll see one of the servers gliding up and down fetching wines ordered for tables down below (pretty sure out bottle was not one of them). The space is nice and elegant and even smaller than I expected. We were seated at a nice semi circle table with very high backs as to give the sense you're in your own space. I really liked the format of the menu - everything was prix fixe with lots of choices. We each selected a starter, a main course and two sides to share, as well as two desserts. It's a lot of food, well priced and amble choice. The service was top notch and we even selected our bottle of wine from an old school looking tablet (probably one of the first places to use?). At the end of the day we had a very nice meal but my biggest gripe is that the flavors over all were not outstanding or unique. There were a few bites here and there that were great, but if you took away everything else that made it "vegas", it would be a pretty ordinary food experience. I would recommend it for a safe bet for a good time with reliable food everyone can enjoy, the special vegas experience, and all at a good value and service. I would not go for an exquisite foodie experience or something extraordinarily different. A nice option to have the quiver.They started us with an amuse bouche of three little bites: grilled cheese thing, egg roll and small piece of meat on a stick (I really don't remember the details). Our first course consisted of a yellow fin tuna poke composition and burrata and copa salad. The tuna was nice but hard to compare to the Poke we ate in Hawaii. I liked Erica's burrata salad more than she did because it had a nice kick with the bloody mary granite sauce. We both went with steaks for dinner - mine a NY strip loin with Peruvian smashed potatoes and chimichurri sauce, and Erica had the blue cheese crusted filet. The steaks were cooked well and nicely seasoned, particularly my strip with the exotic flavors of south america. I preferred Erica's more traditional filet preparation and certainly did not need my entire portion. Our sides were garlic mashed potatoes and creamed spinach. The potatoes were very creamy, garlicy and tasty but I wished more of those characteristics were found in the spinach. Finally for dessert we each ordered a sampler option with many little tasty treats. Aureole is a fun Vegas dinner that doesn't make or break any rules. Standard food with a great experience at a good value - can't go wrong for a special night out.
5	My boyfriend and I live here in Vegas and had been wanting to try Aureole for a long time. We finally got the chance to go and were not disappointed! He ordered a filet and I ordered the pork chop...to die for!! We ordered an appetizer of squash ravioli with duck confit that was amazing! Our sides of asparagus and mashed potatos were wonderful too...and the beginner bread basket is great. The restaurant is known for its wine selection, so of course we had to try! The list is presented on a tablet that is hard to understand until the server helps you. Once we mastered the tablet and narrowed it down to about 10 Pinot Noirs, the head server Malik helped us select one that was FABULOUS. Since that dinner, we have actually ordered bottles of the same wine so we can always have it on hand!Overall, wonderful dining experience. The staff is helpful and quick. Make sure to ask for Malik's section if you go in. He is very kind, funny, and helpful.
2	***The food at Charlie Palmer's Aureole varied from okay to below average; I think you could have a decent meal here but probably not a great one***Aureole definitely feels like a restaurant that might have been great when it first opened (though the standards and food quality are not there now).  The restaurant itself is nice.  The space goes beyond high ceilings with a massive glass wine tower.  The dining area is nice--it is contemporary and elegant (with white tablecloth) and there are big windows that provide a view of the outside greens.In terms of the menu, there are two tasting menus (a seasonal tasting menu and a parallel tasting menu, which presents a primary ingredient in two separate preparations on the same plate).  There is also an a la carte menu (with some nice sounding dishes).I had the parallel tasting menu because it sounded like an intriguing concept.  There were definitely bright spots, but there were also some average to below average courses (from the concept not being great to begin with or poor cooking of the ingredients and thus not yielding the appropriate flavor/texture).  Here is the rundown on the tasting menu:(Roasted baby beets, tangerines, herb cheese, bourbon maple syrup) This dish was good.  I really liked the flavorful and juicy beets as well as the creamy and lightly tangy cheese.  The tangerines were just okay (not as vibrant as they could have been).(Golden beet panna cotta, cured salmon, tangerine lace) The golden beet panna cotta was creamy and did have a mild beet flavor.  The cured salmon was okay in terms of flavor, but I would have preferred more freshness and moistness.(Diver scallop, white asparagus and scallop terrine, wild mushrooms, asparagus, yuzu froth, trout roe) I thought the scallop was good.  It was very fresh and moist and had a good outside sear (though it was a tad salty).  A lot of times, froths/foams taste of nothing, but the yuzu froth here was surprisingly strong.  With the slight saltiness of the scallop and the strong yuzu flavor, this dish was not as light as it should have been.The asparagus terrine was okay--I was not a fan of the gelatin-like texture and I thought it kind of tasted of nothing.  The garnishes of wild mushrooms, roe and asparagus were fine.(White asparagus, crispy Serrano ham, black peppercorn gastrique) I like how white asparagus pulls apart like green onions and these were a good representation of that (nicely cooked).  The Serrano ham was crispy and salty.  Like the scallops, I felt this dish should have been lighter in flavor.(Roasted Niman Ranch pork tenderloin, wrinkle potatoes, grilled baby leek, romesco sauce) This was a very below average dish.  The pork tenderloin was visibly overcooked and it was quite dry.  The sides and romesco sauce were not bad (the wrinkle purple potatoes were nice and tender), but they were not great either.(Pork sausage, crispy rock shrimp, steamed bun, cucumber salad) This dish seemed way too close to its Asian/Vietnamese basis.  The flavors and fragrances were okay, but I think you could get a much more flavorful and fragrant dish at a good Vietnamese restaurant.The only element that really stood out was the crispy rock shrimp--very moist but also a light and crispy outside.(Ginger beignets, poached strawberries, lychee sorbet, lime rind) The ginger beignets were very disappointing.  They were filled with a ginger custard.  And because of this, the kitchen had to probably chill the beignets.  Unfortunately, the beignets were not evenly warm.  They were half cold, which was disappointing (especially when you think beignet, you think something hot, light and fluffy).The lychee sorbet was cool and refreshing and I really liked the lime rind (small but very strong in flavor).(Coconut ginger vacherin, braised pineapple, vanilla Chantilly, meringue) This dessert was okay.  The vacherin was creamy and cool.  It was filled with pineapple and there was more of a pineapple flavor than a ginger flavor.  While I thought the dessert was kind of a standard dessert, I really liked the braised pineapple (sweet and not too tart), which looked like ginger.There was also an assortment of below average complimentary bread.In terms of service, the food came out at a good pace and the staff was attentive.  I thought the female servers were more personable and pleasant than my main male server (who was still polite).For a fine dining place with a notable chef backing it, the price for their parallel tasting menu was not as high as other similar Vegas spots.  The food was disappointing though and given the lack of quality, it felt overpriced.Aureole may have once been a good fine dining spot, but I am not sure if you can get a great meal here now.  If there was more attention to detail (and better cooking/preparation of the ingredients), you might be able to get at the very least a decent meal here.Aureole is located in Mandalay Bay (free parking structure).
5	We were staying at Mandalay Bay and were invited here for dinner, I was tired it was late and I thought we would pay the price for keeping people late.  I could not have been more wrong how amazing! I would go here again in a heartbeat.  I love all the wanna be critics talking trash about this place hilarious.  I have eaten at a lot of places in my life from 5 star eateries   from star chefs. Emeril, Wolfgang, Bobby, all the usual people that charge too much for their pretty good food.  I had the 5 course meal and could not have been more pleased.  They were out of lamb which was disappointing but they more than made up for it by substituting the bone in Filet. The wine was amazing when paired with each course. And the desert was quite lovely.  All in all if you want an amazing dining experience you should eat here. 5 stars is well deserved. Unless you are some kind of snob that needs a private chef to yell at you should truly enjoy your experience.
4	I am completely fascinated by this place, as well as the women who traverse the wine tower, up and down the endless shelves of wine, deftly using the rigging to swing and sway and rise and fall, risking their safety just to fetch a bottle of wine for the patrons below. I have never had the pleasure of dining here but on a recent trip to Las Vegas with my sisters we did enjoy some wine and appetizers as an aperitif before dinner at Lupo. The cheese plate was absolutely lovely and the hummus was very good as well. We all enjoyed our wine selections and had a wonderful time except for the fact that the service was a bit brusque. I felt a little as though they were trying to turn the table, even though the bar area was less than half full and we did end up spending about $100 there.  Oh well, I can't help but give them four stars due to their impressive wine list (and even more impressive wine delivery system).
5	Wonderful food and very attentive service. Everything from our wine to our desserts was special. Definitely would come back.
1	What a disappointment! I went to Aureole Las Vegas for my sisters birthday dinner. I checked it out online and it sounded amazing. She said yes and so VEGAS HERE WE COME!!Saturday night our party of 8 get to what we thought would be a fabulous dinner. We are taken to our table and are rudely greeted by our waiter. He quickly tells us about their wines and walks away. We flag him down and ask for the sommelier. Our waiter comes back after several minutes and takes our drink order. Drinks were great but after waiting 30 minutes we realize we hadn't seen our waiter since our drink order! I called over someone and ask if we could get a waiter to our table. He said yes but 10 minutes later we had to ask again!! Finally, another guy who wasn't our original waiter come over and took our order.(We all ordered the 4 coarse Parallel Tasting) Talk about an overpriced disaster! I don't want to sound like a spoiled brat but if I'm paying $$$$ then I expect really good service. In my experiences of highly rated, high class restaurants they usually tell you what is on the plate. Here, they did not do that. The food we had was quite good. Im only giving this place a 1 star because I have to. The Sommelier was extremely friendly and very helpful. The food was really good but with such low quality of service it really left a bad taste in my mouth. (yes, that is what she said) I was so excited to try this place but I will never go back.
3	This is more of a 3.5 star place but that's not an option.  Overall the food and service were good, but not particularly memorable.I'll admit that we came here to see the wine angels, and when we didn't see any going up we ordered a bottle of wine.  This isn't necessary, by the way, they offered to do a demo for us without making us buy anything.  We were seated promptly when we arrived, and while the restaurant was relatively empty initially it filled up pretty quickly.  The first thing they do is present you with a chunky tablet with their wine list; it is an overwhelming list that will just confuse you unless you're a sommellier or have really specific tastes in wine.  It's fun to play with it for 30 seconds and see what they have, but you're better off just asking for the sommellier to come by.  We did that and the sommellier came by, asked us a few questions, and picked out a list of 7-8 wines for us to choose from.  He did a good job, selecting 4-5 wines according to what we described and what we planned on ordering, and a couple other wines that he thought we might like.  Our waiter was attentive and prompt, but not as knowledgable about the menu as we like.  He didn't know what various markings on the menu were about which was kind of concerning, as an asterisk next to a description of cured meat seems like it would be important.  He didn't know what was in a few dishes as well.  Despite this, once we ordered he struck a good balance of checking on us without getting in our faces too much.My wife ordered the cheese plate as an appetizer and I got their take on a french onion soup.  For entrees my wife had the pork chop and I had one of the steaks.  Herein lies the problem with this restaurant; I remember that I had the french onion soup and a steak, and they were good, but I can't remember much else about them other than that the portions were huge.  I remember enjoying it and thinking it was a good steak, but I really can't tell you much about it.  I'd go back if a friend wanted to go, but odds are on my next visit to Vegas this restaurant won't jump to mind.That said, the food and service were good.  My only complaint, which most people probably won't share, is that the portions were too big.  I couldn't finish all my food and didn't have room for desert, and walked away feeling really heavy.  I like to get through three courses and not feel like I just ate an entire cow, so this was a bit disappointing.  But this is just a personal preference, and I actually give the restaurant kudos for being generous.  If you're in Mandalay Bay anyway, you wouldn't go wrong having dinner here.  But I wouldn't go out of the way to come here.
4	Had an excellent meal at this restaurant.  Lots of attention to details and hovering wait staff.  I had the scallop with short rib and a Caesar salad to start.  Delicious!
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!!it was actually not as expensive as I thought it would be. The lamb was perfect, wine was awesome. and for a michelin restaurant it was so unpretentious and not stuffy. Plus great crowd, I had a great conversation with the couple next to us. Also it was cool out the servers busted out the wine list on a computer pad. That just proves how serious they were!Plus everyone was so gracious; I felt like royalty and it ended up being so much cheaper than what I was expecting! Plus the portions were quite good for fine dining. I will definitely go back again. Thank you Aureole!!!!
5	i have been here many of times and every single time I return I remember why I love it so much. The food is refined pieces of art bursting with visual appearance and exploding with flavor.
5	This review is for the bar area.  On a trip to Vegas November 2010, Hubs and I stayed at Mandalay, so we tried a plethora of their restaurants. I had read that Aureole had a great happy hour, so we headed over to the bar to partake. Two for one wine flights and appetizers. We got, how do I put this delicately...wasted. The wine was plentiful and the appetizers, while delicious (I had my first oxtail) were not enough to stave off the effects of the alcohol.Our bartender was really nice and attentive. I disliked one of the wines in my flight and he chose another one for me to replace it. He let us play with the digital wine list, and kept a close eye on our needs all evening. After our flights he suggested some desert wines that were a great way to end our Aureole experience and then release us into the casino, inhibitions shorn away!Overall, a very pleasant experience and I am sad to see the bad reviews Aureole has been receiving lately. I have always wanted to have dinner there but I will wait until things improve.
5	This review is for the bar only.My husband and I spend a few weekends a year at The Hotel and Aureole has become the only place we go for a drink.  The happy hour specials at the bar are awesome -- "Buy one get one free" wine by the glass! The bartenders are consummate professionals and also incredibly nice.  We only go every 3 to 6 months, but the bartenders always remember us and make us feel welcome.
4	Good restaurant all around.  Vegas glitz goes only as far as flying wine angels in their wine tower.  Food quality is excellent.  Best for clients with top food cravings, but don't need a dj or loud music during their seating.  No clash, all class.
3	Great room.  Good food.  Like most higher-end Vegas restaurants Eureole will give you consistantly good, not great, food.  And like most higher-end Vegas restaurants, you'll pay out the nose for it.  It's a fun place to go if someone else is paying.
4	The wine waitress uses a trapeze to fetch your choice from the tower of 2300 available selections.  Again quieter than the competition this lush setting serves excellent fois gras with strawberry compote, rabbit Agnalotti, new York strip with a semi ~ offensive chimichurri rub, and duck breast
2	In such a restaurant-intense town, I would think any restaurant that has been around for awhile, like this, would work to develop the repeat customer.  Offer a unique, intimate experience that makes a diner feel, "I gotta do that again."I didn't see any reason to return here, nor did anyone else in my group of 9.The space is beautiful.  I appreciate a little design and under-decoration in Vegas.  The wine cage is a nice gimmick--hey, it's Vegas.Then, downhill.We had a dinner reservation, but the hosts seem to have some debate as to where we were to be seated.  This was surprising because when we arrived, the place was half-empty.  Our waiter could barely be understood; I didn't catch his name.  Nor could he describe the dishes well or offer meaningful dining suggestions.  He was essentially a scribe,and not very good at that. The drink tablet (one per table in a group this big?) was silly and cumbersome and tedious for all of us to pass around.  The drinks... unremarkable, but not bad.   Our dinner order was a bit mixed up (i.e, part of it wrong) upon arrival.  Our food good but underwhelming (we just ordered a la carte)--maybe the tasting menu could be more special? And to end our night--silliness  with the bill, minor and ultimately addressed. We had a great time and nothing catastrophic happened, but as I reread this review, it's summarizes an experience I would expect from TGI Friday's, not reportedly fine dining.
5	Make that THREE years in a row Best Vegas dinner.Not much to add, ALSO on restaurant.com (most of the better Mandalay Bay Restaurants are). Quiet, expert help from the wine angel. If you pass on desert, like we usually do, you still get a delicious 3 flavors of sherbert with a cookie or something crunchy. Looking forward to next year's meal already.
4	I love culinary experiences.  This restaurant is one of those places that I would take a meal vacation in any day.Aureole is lovely.  the food was impeccable.  I can't say any more than that.
5	Russell served us and all we can say is PERFECTION!    Best dining experience we ever had... thank you and keep up the great work!   Can't wait until next year when we return...   Food was amazing!
3	Ate here on 10/21, and was pretty happy with my experience. I had the chicken pot pie which was great, and my husband had the filet with blue cheese crust which he enjoyed. Good wine list, and service was good. My only issue was the high pressure upselling that was constantly taking place, it made it hard to relax.
3	The NY strip loin, I ordered rare, got medium for the most part.  The meat was a bit chewy and sometimes hard to cut.  Overcooked and what seemed like lower grade meat.  The potatoes were an interesting combination, I found myself going back for more.  The side of veggies for the table were just steamed and that was about it.I got the dessert sampler, of the 4 that were part of the sampler, the thai chocolate cake with mint ice cream was better.  The small kick of spice fused in the ice cream was a delight.
4	We visited on a Friday night and got a window table in the Swan Court. It was fun to feed bread to the swans. The only negative was a prix fixe menu with a minimum cost per meal of $85. The creme brulle dessert was the best I've ever had!
1	Let me just start with as you walk toward and I to Aureole you are hit with a foul odor of unknown origin. So not a good start. Second you are served a run of the mill bread assortment COLD! I agree with a previous poster, cold bread is a joke in a fine dinning establishment.Ok onto the food. I can make this very short and to the point, UNEDIBLE! We sent back every course except the the white truffles risotto. The rest of the food and I mean all four courses because even the second choices the manager had made for us to try and compensate for the disastrous first course was horrible.  A total disappointment and nauseating experience. Anybody who rates this as great food has no idea what great food is and no way has eaten at Roubocon or Guy Savoy. Do not waste your money.
5	Just returned and tried the new Parallel tasting menu!  WOWzeRs!  I was in ecstasy!  I love Foie Gras so the first course blew my mind.   Butternut squash for the second, yummers!   A little surf and turf with Australian Waygu!  can't go wrong... and lastly the dessert was out of this world!  New pastry chef I understand and holy moly, she's good!   Thank you
4	Yum!!! Great Filet!!! Seasoned & cooked perfectly!!! Friendly staff!!
3	My husband and I had been here about 6 years ago and had some wonderful sliders at the bar so we thought we would have my birthday dinner here last night.  The wait staff was very attentive - a little too much actually. We like to check out the wine list at restaurants and they have theirs on an iPad which was great. They would not stop asking us if we needed help deciding. Kind of irritating.  We just wanted to read all of it and decide what to eat first. I decided on a steak. BIG mistake. It was indelible. I never send food back and this had to go. Especially for the price.  It was the worst steak I've ever had. The Cesear salad and tuna poke was good though. My husband had the chicken pot pie and it was fine. Overall there are way too many great restaurants in Vegas to go back there.  It didn't wow me.
2	My first time to Aureole will be my last. We had a 7:00 reservation when we checked in the hostess said they would be right with us. They sat four very large parties ahead of us while we waited. After 15 minutes I went to the hostess stand and asked when we were going to be seated - they seemed to have let the reservation.Once we got to our table we waited a very long time for our server to come greet us. This became that pattern of the night. We sat with dirty, empty plates for a very long time and once those were cleared we waited for an even longer time for someone to come ask us if we wanted dessert.For a place that charges such an incredible premium for it's food and even more for it's wine one expects MUCH better service.The food was ok - nothing spectacular.There are far better places for far less where one doesn't have to wait for service.
3	came here for hors d'oeuvres and a dinner later on.  the mini crab cakes and risotto is WOW!  i did not try the dessert but my friend said the cream puff is amazing.  had the salmon for dinner and it was just ok for me.  there was so weird green sauce that i didn't enjoy.
5	Without a doubt, one of the best meals I've ever had. The dry aged bone-in filet melted in my mouth. Perfectly cooked, exquisitely seasoned -- but without overpowering the meat. Each of my dining companions were exceptionally pleased with their choices.  Their James Beard award is well deserved.
4	This place is pricey! My best friend and I came here to slurp so we did. Both of us over $250. The food was very pretty and tasty. The ambiance was fancy...very fancy, so if you come, please dress up. But what really got me to give it 4 stars was the amazing customer service. *They have a variety of selection for the wine, if you are a wine lover. Also the mini breads that they give out while waiting for the food are absolutely adorable.
2	I see why this five star place does not have five stars on Yelp. We sat at the bar on a slow night. The service was awful....the bartender was tending to some drunk folks with an apparant familial connection to the place. The burger sliders were raw AND cold. The cheese plate was unimaginative and stingy. Was this cheese from Kraft? The wine selection was over the top pricey. A manager-like well dressed man was trying hard to tie up loose ends, but to no avail. Slightly less than mediocre experience from start to finish. When we informed the employees gathering at the hostess stand, they seemed less than interested. We could have been at an Outback for this type of attention. But wait, we would have recieved more concern and better service at Outback.Will not go again...too many other choices abound in Las Vegas.
1	Was definitely not impressed.  I ordered the $70 bone-in filet, cooked medium, and it came out well done.  The $20 filet mignon at Outback is a better quality.  The mashed potatoes were good but the meal was clearly not worth the price or the fuss.  The atmosphere was nice but the restaurant was nearly empty on a Sunday evening during prime time.
4	My friend and I had the tasting menu which was really unique. It consisted of each course cooked two different ways. I had never had a tasting menu quite like that. The service was great and we were well taken care of.  The wine list was also provided to us on a tablet with 1000s of wines. Great place for a special occasion.
3	I'm giving this place the benefit of the doubt that it's the Parallel tasting menu thats just okay and perhaps the regular menu lives up to the other high reviews. First the service was excellent: warm, attentive knowledgeable staff and food came out in a timely fashion. The breads were not warmed and the baguette borderline stale. For this price point you expect better.Neither of the foie gras apps were great. One an over chilled molded version with a chocolate sauce and the other shaved with a salad and pomegranate seeds that were difficult to eat and ruined the creamy texture of the foie gras. The fish over spaghetti squash was a real disappointment with underseasoned squash and over cooked thick cut pancetta that was almost inedible. The parallel dish, a squash rissotto was very good, which made up for it. The beef and cod cheeks were a solid 8. Very nice desserts. Delicious semifreddo and pear desserts. Would not go back; for Almost $300 for the two of us, I really expect a higher standard of food. Sorry Aureole
5	I love this restaurant! Came here for the tasting menue. They have the best tasty spring rolls, foie gras, etc. The best I would say is their wonderful service and dessert!   Their sorbets are to die for. Very fresh, delicious, and so many choices!  I went there for a special occasion and they provided excellent service. When they learned of my special event celebration, they even provided additional sorbets for tasting. Love love love the service here. Will definitely recommend :)
5	Quite possibly one of the best restaurants in the US.  This was easily one of the best dining experiences of my life.  We sat down and received an overview of the extensive wine list (handily kept on an ipad) and were presented with the four story wine cellar managed by "wine angels" who fly up and down to retrieve your selected bottle(s).  It's stunning.  First, don't listen to folks who "dropped in" and sat at the bar.  This place deserves the respect of making a reservation and sitting down for the experience.  Get the tasting menu.  It was $85 per person, and had four double courses, each playing off their own theme.  For instance, course one was "foie gras" and had a hot and cold prep.  Very non-traditional preps as well, not just seared and terrine.  Let me back up though... our REAL first course was the foie gras chicken and waffles.  Are you kidding me?  I prefer not to swear in reviews, but WOW, this was f-ing amazing.  Perfectly seared foie over crispy chicken skin, a waffle, and dark meat bits of succulent chicken.  I could have just ordered three more portions of this with a bottle of sauternes and been happy as hell.Anyway, after the chicken and waffles came the first foie course, which was amazing.  The second course was a play on squash, the third was a play on "cheek".  On one side, we hade grade A5 kobe beef cheeks with some tenderloin and on the other side we had cod cheeks.  Remarkable.  The final course was a play on peaches.  A perfect ending.  Wine pairing was $55 in addition to the $85 tasting fee.  You will not leave hungry, and the wines were truly paired very well.  I've been to Vegas over 50 times and always wanted to eat here.  Now it will be on my list each time I go.
2	Horrible service.  Kitchen doesn't time plates well.  Wine list is the only redeeming quality.
5	Do yourself a favor and get the Parallels Tasting Menu!!It was actually my wife who suggested we get the tasting menu and since it was her birthday I was all too happy to oblige. ;-)Not really a whole lot more to write than what the other reviews wrote - but the food was very very good and service was outstanding as well.I did think the iPad wine list was a bit gimmicky.... especially since at one time our waiter had to get three different iPads since the first two didn't seem to work (and once when I was looking through the app crashed and I had to restart it). A regular wine list may just be easier...Anyway I was thoroughly impressed with both food and service and would not hesitate to go back again soon!
4	The food was great! I had the scallops (delicious) and my wife had the blue cheese filet. The lobster ravioli was incredible. Here is why it only got four stars. The price structure is a gimmick. I have no problem paying for great food. But the prices are set flat per person for three courses. Which means for $85 you can get the lobster ravioli, followed by the filet, followed Chocolate cake. And for the same $85 price your partner can get the ceasar salad, followed by chicken, followed by carrot cake. No matter how  you plate it or where you get your romaine/chicken/carrpts from the prices should be significantly different based on the ingredients. So if you want a menu that you can pick what you want and have the price reflect what you got, go somewhere else. However, if everyone in your party plans on having a really heavy meal than check this place out because the atmosphere and food was awesome. would have been 5 stars if the price structure made sense.
5	AMAZING! incredibly knowledgeable staff.  i got the wine pairings and all were delicious.  overall an amazing experience. it is pricey but worth the splurge.
2	I just wish I had checked Yelp before we went here.  I saw that it had a one-star Michelin rating in 2009 and got a reservation.  If I had seen that the food and service were so up and down, we wouldn't have paid the price.  To start with, they should have a regular written wine list for people who don't care to go through the multiple menus on the I-Pad based wine list they stick you with.  Too much work for that time of night.We each had a glass of wine from their by-the-glass menu.  Good, but not great wine.They bring by a bread plate, and you can choose what type you want.  We had a roll with cherrys in it.  Tasted like a cinnamon-raisin bagel.  A little stale.  Also some wheat bread.  Meh.I got the french onion soup to start.  After the first one came out luke-warm and I had to send it back, it actually was amazing.  Instead of a soggy piece of bread and cheese floating in soup like you usually get, they made a pot-pie looking thing with crispy, cheesey top crust that you can break off with your spoon and dip in the soup as you want it.  Really good!I had the sea bass, and my wife had the pork chop.  The waiter tried to give me the pork chop.  Who can blame him?  No self-respecting guy gets the fish when there's a pork chop to be had.  Woops.  I had to send that back too, because it was bordering on cold.  My wife's pork chop was very good, with a nice smoky flavor, but as we shared it waiting for the fish to come back, we realized that hers was pretty cold too.  It just didn't matter so much with the pork chop. When the fish came (hot this time) I enjoyed it, but there was no WOW moment.  It was good fish on a pretty good rice base.  As we thought about it, the pork chop was pretty much the same.  No Wow.  Good, but nothing special.The manager felt bad about our luke-warm food, so he offered us a free desert.  I was stuffed at that point, so I asked for a single scoop of sherbet.  They brought us four deserts!  I guess this was to try to make up for the lack of everything else, but it just gave us a chance to try all the deserts and realize that they didn't measure up either.  The fried apple ring thing was pretty tasteless.  The Sherbet was good.  The cookie taster plate was - good, not great.  I can't remember what else they brought.  That should tell you how good it was.To sum it up, the whole experience was...good, not great.  But expensive.I'm not recommending it.
3	I would actually give it 3.5 stars if it was an option. The food here was good, though pricey. My husband and i have ordered a salad (organic greens salad), which was good, but a bit too simple for $16. Just red and green salad leaves, balsamic vinaigrette dressing, a slice of roasted pear and a small pastry-like item. Tasted like a cream filled crepe. Too simple for such a price.I then had a pork chop which did not come with a side but did cost $42. I did order a side of Parmesan fries to go with it. Everything was tasty and presented well, but not original at all. My husband ordered ahi tuna for an entree. It was also good. Overall experience: good, well presented food. Service could be better. Our server did not even stop by our table to see how our food was after it came out. And it was not busy at all. I would not come back though as it just felt like something i could make at home just as easily and that is not why you pay $60+ per person for dinner.
5	a new found fav of mine... try something different
4	Uhmazing service, delicious meal and, of course, their world famous wine list. My duck breast was absolutely amazing-- flavorful, rich and melt-in-your-mouth. Not usually a French onion fan, I thoroughly enjoyed this onion soup--caramelly with a hint of truffle earthiness. Highly recommend Aureole!
5	This is one of my favorite restaurant to dine out. Charlie Palmer has done excellent job. The wine tower is not just a gimmick but it houses some of the finest bottles of wine in the world. The tasting menu is your best bet with the wine paring. You will not be disappointed by the food and he service and excellent modern decor to go with. I always had a great dinning experience and I highly recommend this restaurant.
4	Food - Amazing. The food is absolutely delightful and this was one of my favorite meals in Vegas. I had the spring rolls which were placed in some sort of peanut sauce. They were tasty. I also had the kale with caramelized onions and bacon - amazing. Really this was one of the best side dishes I've ever had. It was big enough to fill me and tasty enough to finish the entire plate. The finale of this meal was absolutely divine. The chocolate trio. Go there right now and order this. First there is a small cup of chocolate fondue accompanied with fresh strawberries and warm hazelnut doughnuts. Deadly. They're just beyond phenomenal. Then there are chocolate profiteroles in the center surrounded by homemade toasted marshmallows and sitting on a fudge sauce. Heavenly. The third item, to round out the trio, is a chocolate ganache topped with caramel corn. I nearly died - it was just fantastic. Service - Okay so I ate at the bar. Service was not the best - he forgot my first glass of wine so I got it after the reminder but then he never brought the second. The bartender also made me move my seat to accommodate another guest who never ended up arriving. So - very poor service overall. However, the bad service is worth the food :)
5	We went with the Parallels Tasting Menu and the wine pairing. Not sure if I'd add the wine pairing again but the food was just phenomenal! The experience itself, the service, the quality of the food and the atmosphere was all spectacular. I was very impressed.
3	Will return for the great food, despite the underwhelming service. Very nice, quiet room.
5	We were going to Light on a Saturday night, and we were hungry.  We went from restaurant to restaurant looking for something to eat, but everything had a 30-45 minute wait.  We then walked by Aureole and saw the "wine cellar" just to take a look.  We then saw a sign saying there was a happy hour, so we decided it was our best option and went in.We got everything on the happy hour menu, and it was amazing.  It was the perfect amount of food for 4 people, and not too expensive either.I can't speak for the restaurant menu, since we only went for happy hour.
5	Amazing happy hour, food and service! They have an early and late happy hour which extends into the weekend. I went for the 9:30-11pm HH and had no trouble sitting down in the bar area. I imagine this place will become more and more popular now that Light has opened up, but hopefully they can main the caliber of food and service.They have a decent selection of $6 wines (red, white, and featured sparkling), hard liquors including scotch and whiskey, and cocktails. Typically the happy hour selections are noticeably terrible, but I liked that they upheld the quality of their drinks.The complimentary bread was super fresh, both the white and olive were amazing. The food all around was great ($6 small plates). My favorite was the Italian sausage which just melted in your mouth and the Caesar Salad which was simple but refreshing and delicious...but you really couldn't go wrong with anything.
5	I would like to highly recommend the Aureole. My husband and I went there for happy hour one evening while staying at Mandalay Bay. We were so impressed we endedup going there three nights in a row. The prices were very  reasonable there wasan unending list of wines and drinks. Dave,Dave and Sal were great. We got to knowthem and they were very knowledgable about all the foods and drinks. It was greatto sit down and visit with such nice people. We also liked the fact that not only wasthe happy hour for food but drinks also and there was a great variety to choose from.Dave showed us around the dining room and they have a beautiful dining areawith a pond outside full of swans and chairs to sit and relax in. We can't wait togo back and visit the aureole again. I hope it doesn't get to popular but I am sureit will because it provides such a great experience! Hope to see you soonDave,Sal,and Dave.Mark and Sharon
5	went for late night happy hour--what a hidden gem!we were starving but not feeling a full sit down meal.  we sat at the bar and literally ordered one of each of the happy hour specials.  the sausage was the best but the sliders were also delicious.amazing that we could find reasonably priced good food in vegas, we're definitely coming back!
5	Client dinner here for 3 last week.  I loved it, food was awesome (we went off the pre-fix menu) and the wine (Tantara Pinot Noir) was amazing.  Three of us split our dishes - porkchop (overcooked, but client did order this medium well), scallops (perfect dish - cooked to perfection), and bone in strip steak.  Kinda pricey, but this is Vegas.  Service was exceptional.
4	Had a wonderful experience. Will return and hope next wine is better. The octopus salad was tasty as was the diver scallops. The short ribs that came with scallops out shined the scallops! The dessert sampler was great!
2	First of the lack of rating is due to service, food was really good. We went for happy hour. Had the best rib ever! The service was less than desirable. First off it was just slower, which was not a big deal. Then in my last bite of a slider there was a small piece of plastic. I told the server and he just took it and walked to another employee whom I thought was manager. They did not come over did not apologize and in fact never really spoke to us again. And there was no offer to comp or reduce cost. All they need to do to save this visit is act like they cared. I guess I should have just choked on the piece.
4	Not as good as the one in New York. The menu is extremely basic, with no extraordinary options. We elected to go with the a la carte menu, since the tasting menu seemed especially uninteresting. For my first course, I had the onion soup, based on a recommendation from our waiter (blanking on his name). It was delicious, even though it was the most expensive soup I've ever had. No complaints there. 9/10.For my second course, I had the gorgonzola crusted filet, and that was good. I use the word 'good' intentionally because although I enjoyed it, it wasn't memorable in any way. 7/5/10.We elected to skip dessert because of how uninteresting the options looked. Service was excellent throughout the night, and everyone was very nice. I enjoyed the night, but for the money, I just expected more of a 'wow factor.'
5	Our stay at The Hotel was a great  experience.  Our meal in The Swan Room was perfect.  The food was delicious.  Best part was our server, Eddie.  A true professional who was a great adviser on food, wine and dessert.  Eddie is great
4	We want highly recommend this restaurant. Great food, good service. Expensive but not too much.Went back the day after for 5 to 7 happy hour at the bar. Great formula with nice cocktails and small plates at a very reasonable price. And David the bartender is the must.
4	Great ambiance, the service was a little slow but the food was delish
5	The food at this place is so good that it tastes like a dream!  I highly recommend the Michael Jackson three course meal!!! The service at this restaurant is superb!!!
5	Oh man this place was good!! We had the prix fixe dinner from the Michael Jackson "One" Theater Menu now showing at the Mandalay. The food was AMAZING! My favs were the Artisanal Burrata Cheese and San Daniel Ham and the Key Lime Semifreddo. If you haven't been I highly recommend it. The portions were large and the service was excellent. I've also heard that Charlie Palmer Steak House is just as good. There are just too many great places to eat in Vegas.
5	From start to finish it was an amazing place !!!! Ok, I'll Admit every restaurant I go to it habit to rip it apart on its good and bad attributes. For the most part I tend to spot many flaws.  Last night I did not spot one flaw!! From the smell of the rug, to the well pressed linen, phenom lighting, attentive staff, polished silverware, fresh roses, great lead sommelier, and overall exceptional hospitality, this restaurant hit the mark! Upon being seated we wanted something more private and I literally pointed at a table and in 45 seconds it was ready to go!! You definitely get what you pay for!!!! The food was AMAZING!! amazing ingredients.  Our start was a bottle of Pinot noir from Santa Barbara, with a sweet pea puree/wild mushrooms/duck prosciutto Amazing! next,  the Exec. Chef made a special rack of lamb for me which was absolutely amazing and cooked to perfection med rare!  Our waiter personally brought me into the kitchen and let me thank him personally! Overall: Great Experience!
5	We dined in the private banquet room at Aureole for a wedding reception so it won't reflect a regular review, but I cannot say enough good things about this restaurant.The staff was particularly helpful and hospitable.  From the tray-passed hor d'ourves to the main course and dessert, all the flavors were spot-on and I had nothing to complain about.The food was stellar.  Next time I am back in Vegas I will definitely be back.  And if I ever have a party to arrange I will definitely book with Aureole.
2	I went to the bar with friends in the evening. Great wine, great place, but the bar seats are uncomfortable and the iPad menus barely work. Get a glass of wine at Strip Steak instead.
5	Do you have a James Beard pallette and a diner budget? But you're in Vegas!  Home of the premiere restaurants on the planet.  Check out the Happy Hour 5-7pm.  $6 wine and $8 small plates.  As a lone female business traveller it was perfect.   I sat at the bar and felt the high end service this restaurant is famous for.  Loved it.
4	Monkey has had ribs all over this great big world but never has had ribs that literally fall off the bone.  The ribs had an excellent taste with a pleasing texture.  The lounge is a great choice as one can watch the wine angel fly to acquire your wine.   Sliders and French onion soup delight the senses.  Monkey is not sure there is an unappetizing selection on the menu.  The chef even prepared a special carrot soup for Baby Monkey, then came out to meet her.  The only negative comes from the lack of nonalcoholic drinks for Teenage Monkey.  If you are visiting Las Vegas you must visit Mr Palmer's restaurant.
5	Last weekend my friends hosted their wedding dinner in a private room at Aureole. Another friend & I headed over early to organize the room set up. Every person at the restaurant bent over backward to make sure the event was perfect. We had tons of help setting up the room, and the manager personally brought me a martini to sip at while we worked.The room was understated elegance with lots of orchids & candles on the table. The food, from passed hors d'ouevres to the AMAZING French onion soup, steak and desserts was fantastic. I would not hesitate to plan another event at Aureole. The atmosphere and food were too notch and the service was above and beyond.Thank you for a wonderful event, Aureole!
4	Aureole Happy Hour is a way of experiencing the beautiful atmosphere and great service without breaking the bank. Happy Hour is limited to the Lounge area with seating choices of bar chairs, high top tables and leather booths. Lounge seating offers a good view of the wine tower.The wait staff is first class, friendly, helpful and attentive. The Happy Hour menu is listed as small plates. In comparison to off strip places the Happy Hours portions are truly small. The Caprese Salad with Heirloom Tomatoes was an excellent starter. The Sirloin Sliders are juicy and served with Guacamole and Chipotle sauces on the side. The Onion Soup is not traditional in that it is covered with Puff Pastry. It has great flavor due to the Foie Gras, Truffles and Gruyere Cheese. Here is a Tip - Aureole advertises that Happy Hour begins at 5 PM however food service does not  begin until  5:30 PM.
3	It was a beautiful night and a good start to our anniversary.  We decided to celebrate by dining at Aureole, or the restaurant with the huge tower of wine.We ate in the court in which you can see the swans swimming in the pond.  It's about $95 per person for a four course meal.  Dinner:  food was ok.  I love food for starters, let me say this.  I love different flavors and such.  However, I wasn't too blown away by what was presented.  Don't get me wrong, the presentation was beautiful.  However, the food was so so.  The highlight was the beef tartare.  I thought that to be very delicious.  I did not care for either veal dish presented.  That was my least favorite.  The dessert was a duo of white chocolate and dark chocolate with mango sorbet.   The white chocolate dessert was delicious however i feel the mango should have been left completely off of the dark chocolate dessert.  I love the bitterness of dark chocolate and felt as though the mango did not pair well at all with this dish.Service:  I believe service could have been a bit more personable.  Our drinks were constantly refilled, but we barely saw our waiter except when being served our meal.  To his credit he explained each dish and what we were seeing--but I expected that.  What I was looking for we him to ask if everything was ok and if there was anything that could be changed--he only asked during the next to the last course. Cocktails:  they definitely utilize premium liquor for these cocktails.All in all, it was a lovely dinner that definitely could have been better.  Our anniversary night wasn't ruined however, I did have high expectations for the food and service, especially for the price they charge.  Probably will not come back but at least it was an experience I can say I had.
4	Dinner and a show.Aureole is home to the Wine Fairy's where their servers hook up into this giant Wine Tube and "fly" up and down when you select a wine from their automated IPad based wine list with accurate recommendations and no overbearing pretentiousness. They offer a very good Prix Fix menu and we actually were dining when Chef Charlie Palmer was in attendance. He took a picture with us and had a menu signed by his Executive Chef which we've added to our robust collection. I would recommend eating here and can't wait to go back.
5	This place is amazing we sat in the swan room. The service was top notch. By far the best meal of my life. The chefs sample at the beginning was fabulous. The agnolotti app was out if this world as well as the crab risotto app. Steaks were cooked to perfection.  And then desserts were insanely delicious. Best place to eat in vegas... Z
3	Absolutely beautiful restaurant with great decor and overall good service. (Great bartenders) The presentation of the food was nice and the wine list is truly amazing.The food flavors defiantly NOT there. We ordered 5 different items but only one I could say was outstanding, the rest could be found just about anywhere else for a lot less money.
5	Make that best dinner in Vegas FIVE years running, although the Top of the World Restaurant knocked it out of the park on a much cheaper lunch, dinner is the same menu. This is our big dinner ever year, and every year we consider going somewhere else and are always glad we came back.$85 fixed price menu is a deal, appetizer, main course, and desert. We went seafood as usual here, including an octopus appetizer, with the Halibut and a European SeaBass. Fantastic service by Orlando as always and painless expert wine assistance from Kirin, who led me to a more "classic" wine $10 cheaper and ten years older than my first more "modern" choice. I miss them already.
5	The taste is simply sublime! It is incredible flavors it's art of culinary.  You will appreciate the fact the service, decorations and other visual effects to increase your appetite and other level. When the food is placed on your table, the smell, the taste and the presentation of the food itself will simply blow your mind. Thank you for make great experience.  I feel it is a little expensive but you get more for what you pay.
5	Talk about a fancy feast!  Captain Rick's avuncular grunting set the stage for an evening of magic.  The chicken nugs were delectable.
1	Oh Charlie Palmer, I have had some wonderful meals in NYC, so I was looking forward to the Las Vegas place. Very disappointing. Lovely space but that is where it ended for me.  The much touted onion soup was salty, crowned with a Pepperidge Farm puff pastry with a slice of cheese. My steak was inedible. No one inquired about our food and the service was fair to middling. If a customer leaves almost an entire steak on the plate, shouldn't someone inquire if it was okay? It wasn't. All in all, I would have rather had eggs at a diner than this pretentious crap. Skip it.
5	We had our wedding reception here last weekend. The food was excellent as usual. The service was fantastic.   Two days later on Monday we tried their late night happy hour. David the bartender was awesome. Jacob the manager stopped by to congratulate us and ordered us some Prosecco. We had some of their $8 HH dishes. The French Onion soup and cheese plate were very tasty. We also had to relive our first dish here, seared foie gras with strawberry sorbet. It is still the best. Thank you Aureole...
1	Aureole looked sophisticated and classy when we walked by, so we changed our reservation from Fleur to Aureole.  That was a huge mistake.  We dined on Sunday at 8:45 pm.  The staff was weary from the weekend, perhaps.  We lost 3 of 4 staff before our entrees arrived.  They were out of the halibut. The bread was chilled. Not just room temperature, chilled.  Service was slow.  Which would not have been a problem, except I was brought the wrong steak, and was then pressured to accept it, because the one I ordered was inferior anyway.  I was assured I would not be charged the difference in price, but I ordered the steak I ordered intentionally, because it was the one I wanted.  Meanwhile the steak wasn't cooked to order anyway.  It was rarer than I requested.  A lot.  So I think it was a truly stray steak.  Or the staff didn't want to say they were out of the halibut and the New York steak.  We poured our own wine half the time.  Our last remaining server invested in the group next to us, to the point of offering club-going advice and comp options, but blew us off once he blew my order.  It was sad to see a giant nearly whole bone-in filet get sprinkled with the crumbs off our table without a question whether we wanted to take it and our nearly whole side of quinoa to go.  Aside from the swan court venue, a terrible experience.  I recommend N9ne if you need a perfect steak, or Craftsteak, or SW or Sage or Nob Hill or Botero or the Wynn buffet / Cosmopolitan buffet before I would eat here.   Unless you are forced to eat here for a business dinner or you are fully comped, then I would eat the risotto or onion soup, and that's it.  The wine list is impressive, but not worth the bad food drama.
4	Good food and good service. I enjoyed the steak
3	Sighhhhhh.  My wife has been wanting to dine at Aureole for quite some time so I finally obliged her and made a reservation.  Sadly for the restaurant, I'm not sure we even needed the res, and it was a Friday night.Bread - 3 options, Rosemary, Pretzel, and (i forget the third, didn't try it).  The Rosemary was warm, fluffy, and worth a second go around.  If you've dined out at all in the last 12-18 months you probably have noticed that pretzel bread is all the rage and can be found almost anywhere.  Unfortunately, it really misses the mark here.  Maybe we were just unlucky, but the bread was room temp and fairly dry.Apps - Here is where a little disappointment grew.  If you attempt to check out Aureole online, you will find a much different menu than what you will find in person.  I had my heart set on a shrimp scampi app prior to coming but soon found it was not available.  I was torn between two options and went with the French Onion Soup based on the waiters recommendation.  I'd say it was average, better than what you might get at a chain restaurant but not the best I've had.  My wife went with the crab risotto which was more pricey but also hearty and rich.  I would recommend it as an app to split because I think like my wife, most women would give up on the dish before finishing it.Entrees - If you don't have an extra large appetite, the ahi tuna and scallop entree is a good option.  The tuna was high quality and cooked rare.  The scallops were also cooked perfectly and I enjoyed the spice level of the dish.  However, the portion is not very large so if your stomach is growling, you might feel like this entree is more like an appetizer.  My wife went with a lamb chop special which was nice.  The chops were fairly large in size and cooked perfectly.  Overall, she was happy with her selection and it was plenty of food for her.Dessert - We went with the chocolate trio which is nice because it is like 3 desserts in one and is perfect for two people to split.  The fondue was my favorite of the three but the donut was not as good as a similar option we always get at Scarpetta.  Also, I forget what the middle option was called but it came with some coated bacon strips.  I think added a salty element (especially bacon) is also a very "in" think to do with desserts now, but the bacon here just amount to a hassle.  After only one bite it just stuck to all my teeth and was pretty annoying.Lastly, our service wasn't bad or slow but Jerry Seinfeld might describe our waiter as a "low talker."  Eventually I just gave up listening to his recommendations because I couldn't hear a word he was saying.All in all Aureole was okay, but nothing struck me as unique or superior to the many similar options in Vegas, so I can't say I would prefer to come back versus trying somewhere new.
4	This place is elegant and sumptuous. You can't go wrong with a romantic dinner at this restaurant. Food is presented with flair and style.Pros: EXCELLENT cut of Filet Mignon. The quinoa side dish was flavorful and complemented my steak beautifully. I LOVE the "Wine Angel" feature of the restaurant where harnessed ladies are sent up a wine tower via cables to retrieve bottles for customers. Service was great and also unobtrusive. The walk to our seats was a nice tour around the wine tower to our seats below.Cons: My girlfriend was a little let down by the Caesar salad as it wasn't flavorful enough and didn't have ample dressing for the lettuce.A very pleasurable dining experience!
1	The WORST service ever. Spent over $200 on wine and received the worst service ever. Sediment in the wine which is a result of improperly storing and serving the wine and yet all management had to say was "do you want a free dessert?"  Once we complained, not one staff member could be bothered to return to our table to cash out.  Never once received an apology for the poor service. All management did was make excuses. We weren't looking for anything but the acknowledgement that service was poor. Dining room was empty and now we know why...terrible place. Avoid if you want a nice evening in Las Vegas.
5	First the meal itself and food - it was fabulous.  We were a party of 6.  We all ordered a different appetizer and main course, as well as dessert.  We all thought it was one of the best meals ever.  Atmosphere was also very nice.As for the service, I almost downgraded to 4 stars, just based on service.  When we arrived, after sitting for 10 minutes, we saw no one.  I had to go to hostess stand.  They apologized, and after that the service was excellent.  The waiter who took our food order was not the greatest, as we had some menu questions, and his English was not that great, and really could not understand the questions, and provide adequate answers.  These were fairly minor glitches, in an otherwise perfect evening.
4	I came here Saturday with my friends during our Vegas trip and was told it had one of the largest selections of wines in the area. However, we did not order wine, but the huge wine tower was cool. The lovely ladies of Aureole would be hoisted up by some sort of pulley system to reach the wines. We got there around 6:30PM and were told by the hostess that the next available table would be open at 8:30PM! So be aware, make reservations if you want to eat here. However, they did have open bar seating which you could order off the whole menu, so we went there instead.We ended up sitting at a booth and there happened to be happy hour (even on a Saturday!) until 7PM that night. I tried the Watermelon Gazpacho, sliders, and a fish dish (I can no longer recall... because... Vegas).The sliders were very cute and delicious, but I was not a fan of the Watermelon Gazpacho. Perhaps it's because I'm not a fan of watermelon in general, but I just thought it was too cold and hard to eat (it came with one giant cracker). I believe I ate some kind of Ahi Tuna dish which was pretty delicious, the fish was seared rare and of good quality. I really liked the environment of the restaurant, I think you have to dress business casual for this place, but it was hard to tell given that I went the weekend before Halloween.  As expected of Vegas, this place is not cheap. However, I cannot exactly recall the prices because... Vegas... Let's just say I had a couple of cocktails during (ok and before) dinner. Perhaps this was not my most cognizant review, but I had an overall impression of the restaurant and it was good!
5	Awesome restaurant. Black truffle mashed potatoes are fantastic.
2	Service is ok!!!! Nothing good.... Food is just ok nothing special... I won't come again.
4	Came after the Santana show for a late dinner. Restaurant is beautifully laid out around the aforementioned wine tower. Our server was prompt and professional...but we had trouble understanding him because he spoke lightly in a restaurant that has the potential to be loud. Our meal was good, not great. My pork dish did not live up to the presentation, which was gorgeous. My GF's  filet was excellent. The vegetables were overdone. The bread was fresh and seasoned in a delightful way. We could not guess the herbs.All in all, we enjoyed the experience...but not enough to return with all the choices LV has to offer.
4	What a great happy hour experience in Vegas! The prices are very fair for both drinks and snacks. We had the red and the white happy hour wines which were quite good and the cheese plate which was very well executed. The service was also spot on. There was a full bar and the gentlemen behind the bar (who appeared very experienced) served everyone politely and swiftly. Based on purely on the happy hour, I would definitely go back for dinner.
3	A lot of hype, not sure why. Obviously, a kick-ass wine selection. There is a three-story tower acting as their wine rack/cellar and i would hate to know the price of the bottles at the top. There is an acrobatic show whenever someone orders a bottle from that rack. Interesting. I know that its claim is the wine, but the beer selection was horrible. Did not eat there, but have heard decent things. Careful of the price.
3	Overpriced.  Possibly overrated as well.  Great wine list, but on a computer so more useful to somebody that does not know a wine list and what they are looking for.  Kinda clunky to work through.  And they are really proud of the bottles on that list.  Maybe they could bring the prices back into a reasonable range if you didn't have to pay the cost of maintaining the tower and the lovely scantily-clad ladies to fly up and down fetching bottles.   . . . not that I complaining about that part . . . just that they are proud of the selection.Our meals were all pretty good, but not the best meals on the planet to warrant the price.  Our server was slow.  Of the four of us at our table, one ordered San Pellegrino.  The rest of us had still water.  And the servers mixed them up.  Not the end of the world in the scheme of things, but on a $400 dinner . . . to charge for the second bottle after they mis-poured the first one.  Really?  Don't get me wrong, that $10 bottle of water did not, by itself, warrant the three-star rating -- it is just a factor in the overall price to food and service value ratio.  At the end of the day, it was just A-OK.
5	Before heading to the JAY Z concert, my BFF Lily and I wanted to grab drinks (aperitif). With so many options near the Mandalay Bay Events Center, it was difficult to make an immediate decision. Also, since Lily is visting, I told her to choose and I am very happy she chose Aureole!We walked up to the host stand and informed the hostess that we were in search of their bar, so we were directed in via elevator or stairs. We happily took the stairs to admire the vast wine collection. I had heard of Aureole's monstrous wine collection (for the record, it is a four-story stainless steel tower of over 50,000 wines including the "Millennium Collection" that features the first Bordeaux growth from the 1900 vintage - HOLY MOLY) and flying "wine angels," but didn't take the time to appreciate it. It is quite the sight.Once you get to the dining room, there is another host stand when you exit the stairs and we were graciously directed to the bar behind the stars (it's under and on the side of the stairs). Fortunately, the were two seats at the end and we were greeted immediately with menus. We arrived just minutes before the end of their Happy Hour (7pm) and without even having to ask, we were given Happy Hour menus without restrictions of not being able to order. That was refreshing!I ordered the Enlightenment (Citron Vodka, St Germain Elderflower Liqueur, Lemon, Moscato d'Asti float) cocktail for a very cool $6. It was delicious and not overly sweet and most importantly, it contains all my favorite things! Lily had The Mountie (Canadian Club Whiskey, Peach Cordial, Lemon) cocktail and it was also delicious ($6). Both were only available on the Happy Hour menu.Since I was hungry and we were in no hurry, I decided to peruse the menu. Both the Small Plates and A La Carte Dinner menus offer the "Artisanal Cheese" dish ($18) and I confirmed with the bartender that it is indeed the same offering even though each menu has different names and descriptions. This cheese plate is beautiful and really, really delicious. It featured six cheeses: Big Rock Blue cheese from California, Nerina goat cheese from Italy, MouCo Pepper Camembert from Colorado, Brillat Savarin cheese from France (triple cream Brie), Goat Blue Log from Massachusetts, and Beecher's Flagship Reserve from Washington (semi-hard cow's milk cheese; aged cheddar). They served it with lightly toasted brioche and white chocolate batard, candied pecans, caramelized red onion marmalade, and wine-reconstituted golden raisins. Phenomenal. If you like blue cheese, the two offerings were great. The cheeses that really stood out for me were the Nerina, MouCo, and Brillat Savarin. They all happen to be creamy cheeses, but the flavors were just amazing.  I would absolutely order it again and hopefully when they still have these particular cheeses! I will be on a mission to purchase those favorites.I have to devote a paragraph to our lovely bartenders David and Dave. They were amazing. The pinnacle of excellent service and craft. They were charismatic, helpful, and very humorous. Dave (or David, I honestly can't remember who is who since they had the same name) was even kind enough to supply all the cheese information so that I wouldn't forget the delicious cheeses we devoured. When I return, there is no question that I will go to the bar!
5	You know out of all the reviews of this restaurant it is amazing to me how the overall reviews are "good".  But yet some dorks who are obviously cheap and have no sense of class can't appreciate the ambiance and the amount of hard work that goes into running a restaurant of this size.  The next time you choose to dine here look at the servers and the diligence that each one has to ensure that you have a good time.  Instead of criticizing the food know ahead of time what your ordering. Instead of criticizing the waiter because you can't understand him, remember he's not on welfare or unemployment, he's supporting a family. And above all if your not happy with something you can always ask to speak to a manager. It has been my experience that they also do there best to make your evening a good one.
5	This is a Michelin rated (1-star) restaurant and comes with the bells and whistles you'd expect. My wife had the blue cheese crusted filet, which was tender and tasty. I had the 18-oz bone-in ribeye. It was the best ribeye I've had in a long time. It was not as thick and lean as Ruth's Chris and not as thin and fatty as Smith & Wollensky or Donovan's. Most amazingly, it was almost as tender as my wife's filet. This is not a steak house per say, but this steak rocked.
5	Pay the extra to sit in the Swan Court. It is the same food but service and atmosphere are top notch in that section. This is really fine dining at it's best. our server, Alfredo was professional and warm. Actually he was more than that. He really added an extra element of excitement to the dining experience. He was enthusiastic about the food and wine and just so pleasant to be with. Yet he didn't hover or bug us. He anticipated our needs and was on point. The food was spectacular. We had the 5 course tasting menu with wine pairing. The portions and timing of the service was perfect. I usually skip dessert but we were presented with 2 of the most amazing desserts I have ever tasted. The bananas foster creme brulee  and a chocolate duo that I don't remember the name of but will never forget the taste of. Best chocolate ever.
5	Delicious food, wonderful service and lovely atmosphere. Made our Christmas very special.
3	I was so looking forward to this experience as I had heard so many good things, and was intrigued by the wine angels and the enormous wine collection that spans 4 stories. The wine collection itself was very impressive, and the interior of the restaurant is beautiful, but the food and service did not live up to my expectation.We were seated promptly upon our arrival, and my friend and I were happy to have been able to get a reservation before the Keith Urban concert at Mandalay Bay. I started with the petite greens salad with pears, dried cranberries, and a yummy pear viniagrette. My friend had the onion soup, and it was delicious and decadent with a little foie gras inside. Our server convinced me to try the monkfish dish on special, and I readily agreed as a love fish, especially monkfish. I was looking forward to the treat. The dish was so creamy it was almost soupy. I generally don't mix cream with fish, not that it can't be done, I just don't generally eat creamy fish dishes. My stomach was more than a little upset after eating half the dish, so I said no to dessert. My friend had the bone-in filet, and it looked and smelled fantastic; however, my stomach was not feeling up to trying a bite. I felt fine througout the concert, but felt very sick as we arrived back at our rooms at the Bellagio. I didn't feel well all night, and woke up still feeling off. I  can't necessarily attribute my sickness directly to the food at Aureole, but something I ate there did not agree with me. Everything seemed properly cooked, but I guess I will never know for sure. In the least, that monkfish dish should not have been slathered in soupy cream. For this reason, I probably won't be back. I have many other favorites in Vegas that never disappoint.Perhaps it's worth a try for the ambience and experience of the 4 story wine collection and the "wine angels," but I would go for happy hour and save your pennies for delicious food that can be found elsewhere.
5	We got a $75 dining credit upon check in and decided we wanted to use it somewhere swanky, this place was swanky enough plus they had an awesome wine tower with wine angels and I wanted to watch the angels fly up the tower so this is where we ended up. First the hostesses were very friendly. They greet you immediately and aren't distracted. Our waiter was very nice and made us laugh throughout the night. You get an iPad at your table to make it easier for you to browse through the drink offerings. I selected a moscato di Asti and it was great. We were headed to watch MJ One so took advantage of the Prix Fixe menu. WOW. Every dish here is just an explosion of flavor. We started off with arugula, burratta, crostini and ham, it also had tomatoes, balsamic vinegar and pesto, the combination sounded strange but the flavors went well together. Next was the prime hanger steak and rock shrimp scampi. With the word scampi I am naive and expected noodles, no noodles here this was the most amazing dish ever. The steak was so tender and exploded with flavor on every bite. The shrimp was amazing. It all sat upon this corn succotash which I am determined to learn to make it was that good! Just when I thought it couldn't get any better they bring out dessert. A German Chocolate lava cake. That was heavenly. It was a lava cake with coconut ice cream. It was one of those dishes  that is so good it transports you to another place and just makes you want to smile. With dessert they serve an espresso infused vodka and brandy cocktail. It was like tiramisu in a glass. 3 courses plus a cocktail all for $58 In Vegas to me is a bargain and I didn't mind paying that much for a meal because it was the best meal I have ever had. The other thing is they don't overfill your plate so you don't leave feeling uncomfortable, just satisfied. Great food, great service, reasonable prices earns them 5 stars.
5	Simply put - an experience.   It's amazing how intimate and sexy this restaurant is for its large size.  The wine tower and flying wine "fairies" is something to see.  Food is top-notch / world class.  If you appreciate fine dining, this is your place.  If you are celebrating a special occasion - ditto.  For a restaurant that is labeled as "expensive" I have to say that you get tremendous value for the money in terms of variety, portion size, quality, etc.   All dishes were excellent.   You may very well have a palate-gasm.
5	This place is really cool!- I always feel fancy when I come here. Love the wine tower. We usually come here for happy hour for their delicious apps. Bartenders are always friendly and I like there ae wine sommaliers walking around to discuss the different wines. Definitely tech friendly Ipads are on the bars to order wine! Its never been overly crowded and always enjoy when we come here.
4	Reservations were made about an hour prior to dining on a Thursday night, but it was still crowded when we arrived. We sat down in the bar and were promptly engaged by some great bartenders. They poured our drinks with nice, heavy hands and even made wise beer/cocktail suggestions when asked.The food was excellent. I had the squid salad as an appetizer and the seared rare tuna with scallops. Fantastic. My wife had a salad which was very average. Her filet was tasty.The wine tower was pretty cool, but we were not seated where it was visible, so we only got to see the flying ladies as we sat at the bar.
5	after a long day working the builder show we all went for a great dinner. French Onion!! just wow...  Blue Cheese Crusted Filet Mignon was great..but next time ill just go without the cheese.... some awsome wine suggestions 2009 D.R. Stephens DRII Cabernet Sauvignon was perfect...the ladies especially enjoyed the deserts. Just a fantastic dinner and great service
5	Stopped by for Happy hour and  David the bartender was awesome again. The seared foie gras had changed , but still delicious. The poke, although not traditional Hawaiian, was tasty.
4	Celebratory engagement meal celebration. Staff never recognized us for this, was hurtful, but this seems to be the common thing for restaurants to not remember. I mean I call, I email and speak to staff and they ALLWAYS FORGET.So the waiter spoke broken English and didn't know anything about wine (they specialize in wine, they have the large wine tower) We had a different wine type for each course and his descriptions were exactly the same. The food was good, not great. I really enjoyed the dessert , it had basil or mint in it.. They had a component of a dish that was the best tomato flavors I have ever had, the chef made these tomato caviar balls, you have to ask to have these. One of the best things I have ever eaten. I would go back for sure.
3	While I was at a conference at Mandalay Bay last month, I made a reservation on Open Table for Aureole.For several hours while taking notes and watching PowerPoint slides, I was thinking about all the yummy treats I would be having while watching the wine fairy flitter to the next wine selection.I arrived. I checked in. I was seated. While the dining room looked beautiful, I knew I would be more comfortable in the casual and friendly wine bar.  Several of my friends joined me and we enjoyed the festive and fun atmosphere.The food was good ... but not the best I have had here in the past.  Their happy hour choices were not easy to share for a group.  What made me give them 3 stars today, when I would usually give them 5, is that they cancelled my open table reservation and made it look like I was a no show ... when in fact, I brought six people to their restaurant.  Boo!  That was not very nice!
3	Came here for a business dinner with a group. I had heard about the restarant and was very eager to try it.  The unique wine rack in the center of the resturant is the star attraction, but thankfully the food didnt dissappoint either.  Try the pre fixe menu if you arent certain what to order.  If you want to make an impression,  make this your dinner destination.
1	As a local Las Vegan, I consider myself lucky to have the opportunity to visit and re-visit some of the highly touted restaurants, entertainment, hotels, and all the excitement Las Vegas has to offer that the tourist typically only gets one shot at.  And, usually, I am not disappointed with the offerings the many celebrity chefs have put such great effort to create.  However, after being disappointed on numerous occasions when visiting this restaurant, I feel compelled to write about it. This last experience was just last night.  After a concert at HOB, three friends walked by Aureole's and saw a sign on an easel that read something like:  Happy Hour (hours) Try our Sommelier selections of wine, and our specialty drinks."  So, we descend to the bar level and ask about the sommelier selections available for Happy Hour.  The waiter brings a bottle of Pinot Noir from "California."  Not Napa, Sonoma, Paso, Santa Barbara, or Watts, for that matter.  It was simply from "California."  We look it up on our smartphones and find that sells for $6.99.  We turn it down and instead, I order a glass of sparkling.  My friend orders a scotch and water.  The sparkling tasted like it was left in a cooler with a plate of cold cuts and cheeses.  It smelled awful and tasted awful.  My friend, who ordered a scotch and water got a tall glass of water that tasted like ... water.  It was so watered down.  It seems to me that a "sommelier selection" should do more than leave a bad taste in one's mouth.  Was this guy passing off a bad decision to buy a bad wine on his guests as a Happy Hour?  And, any bartender who serves a scotch and water the way this was served should be horsewhipped!  Used to be that restaurant specials were meant to highlight the wonderful capabilities of the chef and staff..  Nowadays, it seems specials are simply used to clear out the fridge of bad decisions. And, after having written this review, I have to say that Charlie Palmer is a great chef.  He has proven it time and time again.  However, there is a theory that states:  "The whole is only as good as the sum of it's parts."  This theory fits my experience at Aureole's.  There are too many negatives to call this restaurant a positive.
3	Food was ok. Service was ok. Everything was just ok. Not worth the price. That was not ok. Too many other places in LV.
3	We ate here Sept 2007 and food was just ok. My daughter had just turned 21 and I  took her to vegas for her birthday, We ate at a few fine dining restaurants including the now closed Alex. My daughter had seen the wine angels on tv and wanted to see them so we came. I really would need to come back and try the food again to remember exactly why we didn't like it all that much. Maybe this next trip. I usually will give every restaurant 2 chances.
5	Great service and nice fresh baked breads. The food is great and they always have some unique wines.  I enjoy this restaurant very much.  The seating could be more specious but the food makes up for it.
4	The bar was busy but service was great once it was rendered. I think the other bartender must have been on break when I arrived. I had the filet mignon with blue cheese (over fried kale?). The martini was not watered down (was so good) and I had a great dinner.
5	Dave S our bartender was absolutely the best!  Was the perfect host, and super professional.  The food was out of this world!!  Tiny sliders were the best tasting things ever!!Onion soup... delish!  spring rolls.  Great time
5	This place defines great dining in Vegas.  There is a reason most restaurants come and go in Vegas.  Most of them are overpriced knock offs of things you can find anywhere for much cheaper.  Aureola is not one of those places.The ambiance and decor in here will stun you as you first walk in and notice the gigantic wine tower.  If you can afford one of the mega expensive wine bottles stored in this tower, they will hook up a "wine angel" to a wire, and she will glide up the tower to retrieve your bottle.  Pretty neat.We came during happy hour this time. 9:30pm-11:30pmAt happy hour, you can order from a list of about 11 things which are $8 each.  These items are either appetizers or full dishes cut to scale for the $8 price.  It is a great way to try a bunch of different things.  The group of 5 of us got:Plum glazed ribs x 2Kobe sliders x 3Sausage bites x 2French onion soup x 2Cheese plate x 2Tuna Poke x 2Enlightenment cocktail x 5Our total bill was around $155 before tip.Describing every dish here would take forever because they were all good, but the stand outs were:French onion soup - This is something you just need to witness.  It comes in a traditional french onion bowl and has french onion soup with Foie Gras mixed in to add some kick to that traditional flavor.  On top, they bake it with bread and cheese so that it creates a large dome over the bowl.  Upon cracking it with you spoon, the bread mixed with cheese falls into the soup creating the experience and not leaving your bread soggy as typical with french onion soup. This is a MUST try.Plus glazed ribs - You only get 3 baby backs but they are meaty.  They are very different than your average baby backs at the local BBQ joint because they are covered in this sweet and semi spicy plum glaze.  If you ever had teriyaki ribs, it is the closest I can describe it.  Now imagine those ribs falling off the bone and melting in your mouth and you have an amazing dish.Bravo Aureole.  We will continue coming back year after year.
4	What a great way to spend a bday celebration with wine angels flying up/down to get bottles of vino, gorgeous! The restaurant is located inside Mandalay Bay, middle of the busy center. Check in with the hostess was quick and you can take the elevator or walk down the lighted stairs, able to view the venue corner-to-corner: Super Chic, Romantic lighting. Five of us took numerous photos by the beautiful entrance and staircase before we were escorted to our round table, seated comfortably. Ordered bubbles, white/red and bloody mary. We started with the Hudson Valley Foie Gras (no need to explain, just plain "Good"), Seasoned Seafood Platter served on chilled ice of fresh clams, oysters, tuna poke, tiger shrimp, crab claws, and a bowl of French puff onion soup with Foie Gras/truffles *YUUUM*.Main Course: we had the18 Oz Bone In Rib-eye (RARE), Diver scallops was super sweet, Niman Ranch Double Pork Chop was a huge portion and juicy, Wild Striped Bass. We could barely finish our food and still got free dessert to go with our coffee and cappucino/ice-cream...Superb!
2	Came here with my Fiance because we were staying at the hotel and we saw great reviews. Our experience was... ok? We started in the bar area for happy hour which was the best part of the meal. We both had a drink and one appetizer. We had the french onion soup and the sliders, both were great. After we went to the main dining room where we ordered the pork chops, some sort of seasoned fries (not sure what kind because they never came), and a caesar salad. The caesar salad was very marginal because they tried to make this salad "fancy" but it was really just a pain because they just put three lettuce leaves on a plate with a little dressing and some cheese... I just wanted a salad. Like I said, the fries never came out and he didn't even realize so I didn't say anything. The pork chop was a pork chop... nothing to get excited about. For desert we ordered the chocolate sampler which was so weird. It came with a chocolate mouse with popcorn in it which was not good at all, a chocolate cake pop which was so dry we couldn't eat it, and a little churro with chocolate dipping sauce which was good. Also, when we ordered the desert I ordered a coffee which came out after we had already eaten our desert so I sent it back. For as "fancy" and over priced this place is I expected a little more... at least try to remember to bring out the food I ordered?
2	The reason I give it 2 stars is first impressions, when we arrived for a. 7-30 pm reservation we were made to wait in the bar till after 8 pm for our table . The lady at the front desk was very unfriendly and not professional . When it finally came time to seat us she had a problem with us bringing briefcases in saying they would be in the way. ( it's a conference center hotel with. 80k people at this convention this day)  . After finally seating us with a attitude we finally had and amazing meal cooked to perfection  . When I'm paying $480 for 4 people for dinner I expect perfection from start to finish pity the start was what I remember and not the food  ... I will not return as vegas has plenty good options and I don't need someone doing me a favor to seat me and really starting what should have been culinary experience being a okay evening
5	Aureole is exceptional. The service is NYC professional, as is the atmosphere. Signature tasting menu is wonderful, especially with wine pairings!
4	The food was good but nothing amazing. Dessert WAS amazing! Service was good and we got a local discount.  We really loved the pretzel rolls. I had the chicken and red quinoa, like I said, it was good. My husband had the tuna and scallops and really enjoyed them , for dessert I ordered the Occitan chocolate pistachio bar with burnt honey ice cream and huckleberry compote. Defiantly a dessert I will not forget, SO GOOD!
5	Every time I come here I'm blown away by the service and quality of the food. The bone-in ribeye was awesome.
5	Great customer service, great food!  I had the steak and it was cooked perfectly!  The sides were delicious as was the wine and the bartenders are top notch.  Definitely check this place out if you're in Vegas!
5	Went here for a nice dinner during a business trip. We have a Charlie Palmer restaurant in Healdsburg, so we had high expectations. Our experience was flawless. We enjoyed exceptional wines, cheeses, pretzel bread, NY strip steak, grilled chicken and salmon. To top it off we had a beautiful tiramisu. Thank you Eduardo, the Captain, for all your superior service. (And for setting up a photo opportunity for us to take some shots of your gorgeous wine angel!)
5	This review is for their 9 pm happy hour. I was willing to give up on a nice dining experience and just eat whatever when we saw their sign for a 9-11 happy hour. Great service at the bar, convenient to our hotel and want people to know they have a late night menu. Amazingly none of the hostesses told us about it when they said their kitchens were closed.
5	I took my girlfriend here for out anniversary and it could not have gone any better! The food was exquisite, the service and friendliness was some of the best I've encountered and the ambiance is just what you would want for a special evening! I'd recommend this to anyone from a casual dinner out with friends all the way to the most special of occasions! Be ready for an impressive wine list as well!
4	We only stay at Mandalay Bay because we love this restaurant! To our surprise, we discovered in June 2014 that its no longer open on Sundays...at all! PLEASE open back up for Sundays!!! Very unfortunate. There were no signs or postings anywhere about this closure. Meanwhile in the 45 minutes we were in this area of the hotel, there was about 50 people who walked up to the restaurant to see if it was open and some actually waited for a host to come out to seat them...unfortunately no one ever came to the front for the customers. My fiance eventually went to another restaurant asking what is going on and they explained to us Aureole was closed Sundays now because of slow business.  Will be sending family and friends to other hotels for fine dining until we find out it is open on Sundays again.
5	I came on a weekday during a relatively slow period for dinner about 18 months ago. There were just two of us in my group and probably only three other occupied tables while we were there. We ordered the chefs menu with the wine pairings and it was fantastic and the service was fantastic. It was a bit expensive for frequent dining for me, but I definitely plan to return and will probably make an effort that it's during an off-time based on the other reviews here. I had absolutely thing to complain about. The food and the service was exceptional.
5	Had a great time here for our anniversary.I'll admit I was nervous eating at a place this nice. We saw it on Top Chef, and wanted to try out something different while we were in Vegas.Everyone at Aureole - from the maitre d to our server to the guy providing water and bread service - made us feel welcome and put us at ease. Alfredo (our server) walked us through the menu and answered all our questions. He even rescued the one mis-fired dish of the night (the main course came out cold) by having them make us another pronto (that time it was delicious). Highly recommend checking them out for some inspiring food.
5	Went with family when I was younger. Now that I do this whole Yelp thing I still remember this meal. Delicious. Stupid, stupid delicious. Hard for a restaurant to make you remember that vividly. Also the wine tower is kinda famous, so there's that.
2	I have been wanting to try this for years. I finally got an opportunity with a client. I have to say it was very underwhelming. I had the seasonal menu. Spot prawns were mushy. Ravioli with pork,belly was excellent. Lamb loin was properly cooked but arrived cold. For a very expensive flagship restaurant the flaws are not easily overlooked. I had a much better meal at Charlie Palmers Steakhouse in The Four Seasons a few nights earlier. It's all about execution and this one missed the mark.
5	Aureole has become my favorite place to enjoy while visiting Las Vegas. Aureole's sommelier selections tote an amazing Deumayen, "Trez" that is everything and then some, especially at the price point. The service here is that "higher level" that you will find yourself looking for again when you are having a harder time finding it else where.Although Aureole is now longer in the tooth the newer shows of the strip; it has established its identity in its consistency and durability. The 2008 michellin is testimate.  Happy hour is a steal for approachable wines and small bites, and the bar tenders make it hard to want to leave. On the dinner menu the steaks are enticing, the Niman Ranch Pork Chop with barlet pear tart is phenomenal.  Save me a seat at the bar and enjoy.
5	This is a great romantic place, especially if you can sit out with the swans. The food quality was amazing. I preferred the dual-tasting menu. I am also a huge fan of awesome table bread, which they provide a few choices including pretzel rolls.
2	We made a reservation because of our positive dining experience at Charlie Palmer in Costa Mesa, CA. But one can hope for too much. The service (or shall I say server) was mainly the issue. From start to finish, our server was pushy toward our large group and left in the blink of an eye after he said everything he wanted to say without giving anyone a chance to really respond or say anything back. He got the wrong order, neglected to bring some order, and bragged to us about how he didn't charge for the dessert that came out since it was a birthday celebration. I thought restaurants didn't really charge for a birthday dessert in the first place?It was very hard to speak up at the time because our parents were wanting to have a good time and keep the spirits up and not be downers. We were all definitely boiling inside, but to be considerate to the establishment, we didn't really speak our frustrations until after the dining experience had ended. The interesting thing to note was that when we did go to the manager to share our experience that night, she didn't really do anything to help the situation except told us that "next time, we should speak up during the dining". Thank you ma'am, for the tip.
5	Amazing experience. I had the Tasting Menu with wine pairings and my girl had the seasonal menu. I enjoyed them fully, specially the main course and desserts. I was so taken away by all the great things that night that I've had a hard time describing it, and even now would I not be able to truly explain my experience. I will say this: both my and my date's plates were left clean, without a single piece of food left. Every glass of wine was beautifully paired up with each course. All was cooked to perfection, and the grape sorbet was so amazing I nearly cried. The atmosphere was intimate and they even had live music. All the people that served me, including the woman at the reservations desk were genuine, helpful, and eager to please. We even had the opportunity to see the chef in person, as he visited the adjacent table. I know this is not my strongest review, and perhaps I will update next time I visit, but it was truly the highlight of my trip.
4	Another excellent dinner in our new city my wife and I tried their seasonal tasting menu which was excellent Service was impeccable restaurant was beautiful
2	Underwhelming. The french onion soup could have had a deeper flavor, it was borderline bland. They cook it with a puff pastry on top. The puff pastry was slightly underdone and was slimy. The cheese on top that was cooked to a crisp was very good though. There were 2 pieces of foie gras in it, both of which were decent, although the flavor diluted. The octopus salad was the worst octopus I've had. It was dry and tasteless. I sent it back and received the agnolotti. This was significantly better, but the pasta was a little thick. The mushrooms were very good. The seared foie gras was very good. I liked the huckleberry but wasn't a fan of the samosa or carrot puree. My friend's cod was very bland, while my other friend's branzino was cooked very well and flavored nicely. There are better dining options in Vegas, and I definitely won't be back.
2	Meh. Nothing stood out at this restaurant. Me and my GFs came here for a special occassion dinner and majority of people left disappointed and probably still slightly hungry. We started with bread which was not warm and seemed a little stale. For the price point and quality that this place is supposed to be at, I expect fresh baked bread. Next were appetizers which was a 50/50 hit and miss. French onion soup was good, it had little pieces of foie in the broth, they do like a puff pastry crust and the cheese is on top of the pastry so it's more like a cheese shell, you don't get the melty gooey cheese in the soup. Seared foie gras was very good, it was two nicely portioned pieces of foie. Octopus salad was not good. It has no flavor at all, not on the octopus or the accompaniments that came with the dish. Not even enough olive oil to hide the dryness of the octopus. My friend ended up sending hers back, I really wanted to send mine back too but since I was sharing with another person we did eat a good amount of it already so decided to just pay for that poor appetizer choice.My entree ws pretty good. I got the branzino. It's skin was crisped nicely and the fish perfectly cooked and seasoned. I felt bad for the rest of the table because I don't think anyone else liked their entree. This was definitely a downer. Also our waiter didn't seem to care too much when we said the octopus was not to our liking. He did take it back, but reluctantly. Considering how disappointing the food was and the service was just OK, I would not come back.
4	Very nice ambiance and great food.   Was seated at the back of the restaurant so didn't get to see the wine angel but dining experience was great nonetheless.   Our waiter was exceptional.  We ordered the parallel tasting menu and was an excellent choice.   The tasting menu provides two small portions of two different items for each choice.  Wine list has a lot to offer and is brought to you on an iPad.   Everything tasted fabulous and the presentation of each dish was beautiful.    Restaurant is pricey but well worth it!
5	Our favorite restaurant in Vegas! It's always a special treat to dine here. We had the tasting menu paired with wines. Food, wine and service were impeccable! Expensive evening but well worth it!
5	Had a fantastic dinner here with a dear friend.  The ambience is awesome, and the wine storage is definitely a focal point.  Our service was wonderful and the sommelier gave us a recommendation on a great Pinot to go with our main courses of duck and ahi tuna + scallops.  All in all a great dining experience.
4	This is nice quiet spot in Mandalay bay to get away from all people sporting Tap out, Affliction and bedazzled jeans.  The service is top notch and the drinks are fantastic.  However, this establishment is not a one trick pony!  There food is delicious as well.  I do recommend this restaurant and would love to go back.
4	First class service and excellent food.  The drinks are made well, and won't break the bank.  If you want to get away from the riff raff of Vegas, then this is a nice safe haven.
5	Another beautiful restaurant in Vegas. The ambiance and decor of this place is so chic and modern. As you first walk in you will notice the gigantic wine tower.  If you can afford one of the super expensive wine bottles stored in this 4 stories tower, they will hook up a "wine angel" to a wire, and she will glide up the tower to retrieve your bottle. Unfortunately no one ordered the wine. I believe there are 5 dining rooms with 5 distinct personality including main room and lounge.We came last night during happy hour from 9:30pm-11:30pm. The Happy hour has a list of about 11 things which are $8 each. The server told us the Kobe sliders was good. My friends had French onion soup,Tuna Poke. I had the mango-papaya imperial rolls which I wasn't too blown away but the Enlightenment cocktail was very good. Enjoyed my time there!
5	Love coming here when I go to Vegas. The happy hour is awesome! They have featured wine for $6 (I got the sparkling that was regularly $15 a glass). We got the sirloin sliders which looked like the perfect little mini burger. They were awesome. The bartenders were also fun yet professional. Their wine cellar is in the middle of the restaurant and goes all the way up to the second floor and is surrounded by glass so you can see into it. A very classy and delicious place!
5	THE BEST RESTAURANT IN LAS VEGAS HANDS DOWN.  Everything is well thought out and fascinating.  Have never had a bad experience here.  The tasting menus are must trys.
4	This place is amazing. We got the Michael Jackson experience menu. It was a 3 course meal with options for each course. We tried everything on the menu and we were stuffed! One of the coolest thing about this place is the lady suspended from wires that goes and retrieves the wine!  The food was really good...but not the best we've had. I wish Yelp gave 1/2 stars because I would've given 4.5 stars.
4	This is a gluten-free friendly restaurant on top of quality American cuisine. When served a variety if breads, I asked for a GF option and not only did they say yes, the bread was very tasty and like a small seasoned baguette. I ordered the tasting menu and the chef accommodated my allergy with unique options that worked well with the existing menu. The service was impeccable. The only picky complaint I might have is about the ambiance. A frosted glass wall cut the room off and left us wanting to see more of the dining room. We only saw the bottle angels fly up the wine tower 2x and the tower lighting was such that she was hard to see. The walls could use some eye catching art -- maybe some modern tapestries to absorb the noise from the loud music bouncing around from the casino. Overall, would recommend it to a friend.
4	Had the pleasure of eating here a couple of trips ago.  Usually, I hide out in our home casino, but I needed a breather.  Wanted to eat someplace nice, but not overly pretentious.  This the perfect spot.Don't get me wrong.  This is a very nice restaurant with a well trained wait staff.  However, I'm traveling with my family in tow and my nicest outfit is some jeans and a polo.  Still, they treat everyone like royalty.So for the food, the wife and I did the parallel tasting menu.  The little one had the filet and some dessert.  I really liked the tasting menu.  It was very modern American - classic with hints of European accents and delicious.  And for $85 a head, you're actually getting 8 courses.  I was honestly very satisfied at the end of the meal.The wife and I shared a wine pairing (along with a few cocktails).  The sommelier was kind enough to split the pairing into separate glasses and pretty much gave us a full pour each.The service was top notch from all aspects.  The wine angel made special trips up the tower just to entertain our little one.I would definitely return here when I venture out of my cave again.
5	This review is mainly for the bar. We ate in the restaurant on Christmas Day a few years ago (Swan Court) & had an excellent tasting menu dinner. But it is the bar we consistently return to time and time again.First off, the bartenders are terrific - friendly and knowledgeable. We always sit at the bar (rather one of the tables) as we enjoy chatting with the bartenders. We look forward to seeing Dave each Christmas visit (we miss his fellow bartender David, who moved out of state).The bar menu is delicious - sliders and French Onion soup (made with four gras) are highlights, but we usually order a few items off the dining room a la carte menu as well.Drinks are always stellar, and often when chatting with the bartenders about various liquors, we are offered a free taste or two of this or that. I'll never forget the taste of 1972 Pedro Jimenez that we were given a few years ago - a rarity that is now nearly impossible to find.This isn't one of those raucous Vegas nightclubs, but a nice cozy bar where you can relax and enjoy good drinks, good food, and good conversation.
2	So the Swan Court is an upgraded restaurant within the Aureole experience in Las Vegas.  More private setting, many tables have semi-private balconies outside the restaurant overlooking a small pool that swans swim in (hence the name).  The menu is similar, but usually slightly upgraded, or narrowed, slightly more expensive, and considered a more exclusive dining experience.We have had several dining experiences in Aureole Las Vegas, and after a couple disappointing dining experiences in the main restaurant several years ago, before they revamped the staff, switched to only dining in the Swan Court for the upgraded service, menu, and attention to detail that it is noted for.  It is worth noting that we have dined in the NY Aureole probably 7-8 times (and we don't live in NY) - it's consistently superb.  Our recent experience over the holiday week in Las Vegas, however, was disappointing.  When we arrived, we were the second table seated in the Swan Court (which seemed fully staffed).  Despite this, our waiter seemed quickly overwhelmed with some his load, when just a couple other tables were seated in our section.  We ordered a second soda for one person in our party, and it took between 20 and 25 minutes for it to arrive, which was after we were finished with dinner and heading into dessert.   Had we not been worried about making a fuss, we would have just refused it, as it was quite late in the dinner by the time it arrived, and not appropriate for the dessert course.  There were also long waits before the staff noticed the bread plate was empty, one of our menus was missing a page, etc... Just not the "spot on" type experience one expects.We all had the Parallel Tasting menu, and were candidly underwhelmed.  There was nothing "bad", but unlike many of the "Michelin and Michelin-like" restaurants we have eaten at with celebrity chefs, it just wasn't "outstanding" or "remarkable".  While the Wagyu Beef course was strong, it was buffeted by what were other lackluster courses.  The Amuse Bouche was also strong.  If it was a middle of the road restaurant, with middle of the road pricing, we probably would have left pleased, however, compared to many of the other fine dining experiences we have had in the last year, it just left us wanting, in terms of the meal, and the service, when compared to similar price points / similar styled restaurants.This is a sentimental favorite of mine - I planned to propose to my now wife at this "Swan Court", but our travel plans changed (but the proposal did not!), but this was not the dining experience I fell in love with years ago.
1	Those of you with allergies, be careful. I told the waiter multiple times about my gluten allergy (I have celiac disease). I ordered the salmon with orzo salad- the waiter told me 3 times that the orzo salad was gluten free...well it obviously was not as I was sick all night an hour or so following dinner. Just be careful if you have any food sensitivities. I learned the hard way.
