5	great new company to deal with. very nice people. Came to the house at the time they said they would. Nice clean looking service trucks and gave a roof inspection as wellwill def continue to use for my pest maintenance
5	The technician came to my house on-time and was very friendly! I will recommend Arizona Pest patrol to my friends and family.
5	It was a Friday evening after 7pm when I received a call from a tenant of mine thinking they might have bed bugs. I was actually out of state at the time and happened to have a business card for this company after they had come into my office to tell us about thier new pest services. I called them in a panic, and AZ Pest Squad had a tech on the property within an hour! They explained everything to my tenant and did a complete bed bugs treatment. I don't know many companies that would have come out in such a hurry and been so thorough with my resident. They did a additional treatment in a week because the infestation had been so bad, and thankfully those pesky bed bugs have not returned! The guys at Arizona Pest Squad were great and I will definitely be using them again in the future for all my exterminating needs on property!
2	I was referred to this company by Light Outs a company that received 5 stars on yelp.  I trusted their referral since they are a five star company and the owner stated they worked together.   When I scheduled my appointment they were very anxious and willing to accommodate my needs.  We scheduled for 3 pm on a Friday afternoon,  at 2:30 I received a call that they were running late, and they would be there within a half hour, no problem.  Five thirty came around no show no call I phoned the man that was scheduled to come out, no relply.  I phoned the owner left a message no reply for an hour.  In the meantime they arrived around six or six thirty.  The owner phoned apologized said he would spray any of our friends house for free but did not offer to comp our visit for that day.  Two weeks ago I received a follow up call I informed the caller that we were still having problems with ants.  She said they would send someone out to address  the issue.  To this day I have not heard from them, II understand they are a new company but they probably will not last, I consider this poor customer service.
2	Pest Squad came out to my house very quickly when I first moved in and requested service. They were very professional, thorough, and informative. We learned a lot about the types of pests to look out for and were even told what steps to take to further seal our house from pests. We expressed our interest in bi-monthly service and were given a business card to contact when we wanted them to come out again.I knew it was too good to be true.My husband and I have been noticing more bugs (crickets and spiders) in the last week or so which didn't surprise us since it had been nearly two months since our first spray. So, we give Pest Squad a call at their office and no one answers. No big deal. They call me back the same day and say that they will look at their schedule and call me back again. They call me again the next day and tell me there is a change in their service coverage or something along those lines and that they will call me back in 45 min. to discuss it. They never called back after that like they just didn't even want to deal with it and, honestly, I found the whole thing to be very unprofessional and disappointing. I will be moving on to a more dependable company.
5	I found Arizona Pest Squad via Yelp, and decided to give them a try to get my cricket problem under control. They just came out today, so I can't speak to the long-term success squashing our crickets, but I can say that they were courteous on the phone, arrived as scheduled, communicated the service expectations, and were friendly and professional. David Marshall was my service Technician, and I was pleased with his professionalism and attention to detail. He even suggested to install a bird control device to eliminate all the bird poop in our driveway, which we are considering. Thanks for the great service.
4	I was happy with AZ Pest Squad's initial service and they definitely took care of our cricket invasion, but the thing that most impressed me was their follow-up. David called me 2 days after the service to ensure that his service met my expectations and I told him I was very happy with all the dead crickets on our porch (there were at least 40, maybe even 50 dead crickets) - and he offered to stop by and sweep up the mess when he was in my neighborhood. I don't like crickets so I was dreading cleaning up the mess, and I really appreciated this high level of service from AZ Pest Squad - thanks y'all!
5	I found a couple ticks on my dog so I decided to have my house sprayed. I found APS on yelp and gave them a call. The tech came over the same day and did a great job. Plus it was only 45 bucks with the special. I'd recommend using these guys if you need an exterminator.
2	I bought a voucher on Deal Chicken and called numerous times to schedule. The frst time I had to leave a message no answer they called back and said they would have the girl in the office call to schedule. She called back a couple of days later and couldn't schedule me at that time for the day I needed. I have a very tight schedule and Tuesday is the only day I am home all day. She said would get back to me which she never called. I called back and finally got it scheduled for Tuesday before Thanksgiving they were a no call no show I called the next day and he said they had a hose break. He said he would come out on Friday and give us the vip treatment because of the mix up. I said  that I would have to have my daughter come over since I would be out of town.  Again no call no show. I called today Tuesday and to find out what happened and he said their truck broke down and was in the shop. Still doesn't explain why he didn't call to say they couldn't make it. Thats is just common courtesy and good business practice. I told them I was going to ask for a refund from Deal Chicken he got very angry and accused me of yelling at him and hung up on me. I got on the phone and called Deal Chicken and they refunded the money. As I was on the phone with them  David called and left me a very snotty message saying he spoke with his business partner they would give me a month free and they were trying to work with me as it had only been a week and they had equipment break down and I was trying to ruin their reputation with Deal Chicken they were going to tell Deal Chicken what they offered me and I wasn't working with them. I wasn't looking for something extra I just wanted what I paid for. The thing is all it would have taken was a PHONE CALL to say they were having equipment problems. I shouldn't be the one that had to call them both times to find out they were having problems. He had two opportunities to call and didn't do it either time. We own a business I understand things happen but you don't leave customers hanging a phone call goes a long ways. I wouldn't have ever written this review had David not called and left me that message. That is bad business
5	I had a rental with a really bad roof rat problem.  The technician inspected the property and texted me pictures of his findings for where he though the rats were getting in.  He plugged all the holes and even cleared the weeds at the side of the house for a very reasonable price.
5	There are very few times that I ever panic and feel like I need something to be addressed immediately.  However, yesterday (Sunday) was one of those days. While friends were visiting from out of town, we heard a noise in the walls and up inside the ceiling/attic. The culprit: Rats. I sat and called 20 different larger companies serving the Valley including Truly Nolen and Terminix.  No one was answering their phones and those who did answer were trying to set appointments for Monday or Tuesday afternoon.  Some people who answered just kept saying "lady, it's Sunday!" I knew it was Sunday... I almost gave up and turned to Yelp to try and find a local company that was "open now" according to the Yelp search feature. The owner, David, answered and let me know that he would be over in 20 minutes. I was worried that because this was a Sunday call he was going to charge some outrageous "emergency call" fee or something. But he didn't. Everything was on the up-and-up from the get go.  Most repair or service companies provide a time estimate and show up 30 minutes to an hour after they say.  He knocked on my door 20 minutes after I hung up the phone--that was point 1.  He came in and examined the inside, did a full external inspection of my house and then crawled up into the attic.  He informed me that we were going to need to put up some traps (that he provides) and also seal off areas of the house on the outside that were openings for any sort of critters to get in.  David went to great lengths to show me exactly what was going in the traps, the labeling system he used, how to read the labels and where he was placing the traps.  We also have a dog so we wanted to make sure that he wouldn't be able to get into any of the poisonous traps. David showed me exactly how the traps were set-up and reassured me that our pup wouldn't be able to break in to them. AZ Pest Squad is scheduled to come out at least 2 more times to check the traps and seal up our home. The price he gave us was extremely reasonable for all the work he was doing. I expected to pay close to $500 for all the work they were doing. Man was I over estimating!!   I've never had a home service company go into so much detail with me about what they are doing. And it was all so that I could be a well informed home owner.  Thank you to David of AZ Pest Squad for coming out at 1:00 pm on a Sunday and taking such good care of our home.
5	I have been having issues with bites and was told I should check for bed bugs. I called around that day hoping someone could come out and check. Several other companies in the area said it would be days before they could come out and most of them charged an inspection fee. When I got ahold of Arizona Pest Squad, he was very friendly and helpful. He said he could be over to look ASAP and was here within 30 minutes. This was a huge relief. After he got here and inspected to confirm I had bed bugs, he was very informative on the next steps I needed to take. He also stapled up my box spring lining while in the process of finishing up the inspection. Overall, he was very helpful and followed through with the services the next day!
5	Within 24 hours of emailing the company, I received a call back. We were moving into a new house and with the cable guy and water guy in and out - I couldn't talk on the phone and asked them to text me. Immediately I received a text and asked for a 2pm appt. They were ready to accommodate.At 11:45 my schedule freed up and and I text-ed to ask for a 12 noon appt - they had just finished working on a home and agreed to meet me in 15 min!!! I was shocked!They show up and did a general walk through/inspection and advised me of their services (all price points) at no point did I feel pressured - the decision was totally up to me. When I chose the higher priced one, their employee took me to see the chemicals and showed me what the label that advised what it took care of. What a nice and unexpected level of customer service!All in all fabulous experience, I never felt as if I was being swindled and they even gave me tips on how to better secure our home from spring/summer pests. I will surely be calling them back!
5	Came within an hour of calling, removed wasps and nest within 15 minutes and gave us an awesome deal! Definitely recommend them, perfect for college students on a budget and get the job done thoroughly!
5	Just had my initial consultation with Dave and so far I am impressed.  He showed within hours of my initial call, inspected my house and quoted me a fair rate.  My first impression is that they run very professional operation and pay close attention to product quality and customer service.  I am signing up for regular service.
5	I haven't used them yet, but I have been on the phone calling around looking for service, and this is the FIRST and ONLY polite company I have spoken to.   So far I am very impressed!It is strange how snotty and uppity most termite companies are....
5	Pest Squad was awesome. We had a horrible ant infestation that was so bad, our out of town company got up and left in the middle of the night because the ants were getting on the bed!   So we called Pest Squad the next morning and they came the same day even though it was a Saturday. They spent over an hour checking out the house and yard, explaining to us what the treatment would be, showed us the product and made sure we were comfortable with what they were going to do. We found that they even poured out the dog's water bowl outside and turned it upside down just so the spray wouldn't accidentally get on it.They did the treatment and said it would take care of the problem for the most part and would call in a couple of days for the next treatment. We got up the next morning and even though we know a couple more treatments are scheduled, it really doesn't seem like we need it.  The ants are gone!! Maybe our out of town company will come back now!Great job Pest Squad.
5	I left a voice mail with Pest Squad on a Sunday morning after discovering bees in my house. In less than an hour they returned my call and were able to schedule someone to come out that afternoon. They were also able to handle the entire process without me being on site which allowed me to not miss work. They also followed up with text messages and phone calls. Great service over all.
5	Recently moved into a new home and as a precautionary measure I wanted to have the premises sprayed for insects because I had seen a few spiders and ants. Scheduling the appt was extremely easy and I was happy they could come out later the next day due to my work schedule for the service. The following day the tech; Bert came out. He was on time, friendly, but most importantly he was knowledgeable and explained everything he was doing for me. He told me about the different services available through the company but was never overly trying to sell me on any of them. The value/results for the money was great & it was so easy. I will definitely recommend and use this company again.
2	I found Arizona Pest Squad on Yelp and was looking for a general service due to my in-laws coming into town.  I explained to the staff coming to my house that I do not have issues with bugs on the interior of my house.  Further, I explained that we spend a lot of our time in the yard and that was where my concern was.  I told him we have had spiders, crickets and beetles emerging.  He said with the that if I bought the yelp special, he would be able to take care of all of these issues for just under $80.  I agreed and they serviced that day.  Over the next week, I continued to see the bugs that I complained of but thought the treatment may need time to work.  In addition, fire ants began to emerge.  I contacted the company again explaining the issues and the mounds of fire ants that I found and due to spending so much time outdoors, the products I bought myself to immediately take care of them.  Arizona Pest Squad said they would be out that day to redo the yard service.  They then called and rescheduled for the following early morning.  They did arrive, late, while my wife was entertaining her parents and completed the treatment.  Within a week, my 3 year old son ran to me crying and I saw fire ants all over his legs.  I found 4 large mounds of ants that day and again went to the hardware store to buy more products on my own.  Since then, it has been a constant battle, costing me more and more money, for something that was supposed to be taken care of in the first place.  I continue to find spiders near my pool area and beetles around the yard.  On a positive note, crickets are gone..
5	After just having moved in to my new house I soon discovered a terrible roach problem outside (horror movie bad). I couldn't even water the lawn without having dozens of roaches climbing the walls. Before the outdoor problem became an indoor problem I started to search around for a pest control company. This led me to these guys. They did an awesome job and were very thorough. I can now enjoy my yard without having to worry about anything crawling on me. They have definitely earned a   loyal customer and I would gladly recommend them to anyone else!
5	We moved to a house in the Scottsdale McDowell Mountain foothills and when the July heat set in, the scorpions marched in.  We saw and killed a few and then I got stung so I wanted somebody to come and spray soon.  We had previously used Truly Nolen, but our regular  service guy left  so I went on Yelp to see ratings of other pest control options.  I called AZ Pest Squad and was thrilled when they said they could be over the same day - and it was a Saturday.  The service was exceptional and the price was lower than we used to pay on a much smaller house.  I have found about 10 dead scorpions since they sprayed a few weeks ago and every time I see one I smile.  Highly recommend this company - prompt, professional service and top of the line chemicals that kill 'em dead.
1	Called this place based off of yelp reviews, and after my whole incident with this place went through the reviews again, and something is definitely fishy about this business' yelp page. So I call the number listed, no answer, so I leave a message saying everything I was looking for. Someone called back saying they were with Arizona Pest Squad and missed a call from my number. I asked if he listed to my message, he said no. So I had to explain myself all over again. At the end he said he would be at my house around 430. I thought to myself, same day service?! How awesome. 430 comes, 530 comes, 630 comes and they call saying that they got caught on a job with bees. Understandable, but a call before you were gonna be late would have been awesome so I didn't sit around waiting for you. Person said he could come out right then or about the same time the next day. I said right then worked, he then asked if the next day would be ok.... sooooo why did you give me a choice if you weren't going to go with the one I picked? Anyways he offered 50% off to do it the next day around 430, and I'll never say no to cheap stuff. Same thing next day, except this time he called about 530. I didn't even answer because I couldn't believe I fell for it a second time. He left a message saying he didn't want to come out because it was raining, but would if I wanted him to. I didn't call back. I go out in the living room and see something in my door frame, a note saying sorry we missed you, it's raining, will call to make another appt. Never knocked or rang the doorbell. I have two large dogs, who have something against doorbells and anyone who touches the door, so I know for a fact there was no effort to get my attention while at the house. So I write the managers an e-mail explaining my whole story. Apparently the guy I had been talking to was a owner. He kept referring the the "yelp review" I wrote, when I had just e-mailed him and never said a word about it on yelp, yet. He offered to service my property for free. I couldn't say no to free stuff, so we set it up a fourth time.... when am I gonna learn, right? I waited until the time we discussed, and at the exact minute he was late, I left to go workout. I was done with this company. He doesn't call me till an hour later saying he's at my house, and to call back and reschedule... AGAIN. No thanks, you couldn't pay me to waste anymore of my time waiting for a company that couldn't show up to save their lives. Run fellow yelpers, run. It is one thing to be late and let someone know, it is another to be late four times, and not call till at least an hour later every time. I do appreciate him offering to take half off, and to fully cover the bill the next time it happened. But you can't keep screwing up and being late.
5	The kids woke up to black biting ants in their beds, clothes etc. We called Arizona Pest Squad in the AM and within two hours they came to assess and give us a quote.  David-President/CEO also came with the Technician and they were both very professional and helpful.  Not pushy at all and very reasonable, no contracts also. They have a nice discount because we found them on Yelp.  Haven't had an issue since! We highly recommend!
2	The owner called me and offered a sincere apology. While it does not fix that fact that I got the run around, it does show that the owner cares about his business. The apology was greatly appreciated.
1	Brace yourself Yelpers, here comes a novel:Here is my situation: I live in a townhome and found out that my next door neighbors have a bed bug infestation (eeeek!). We share a wall, so I am terrified. I have searched my entire home and can't find any evidence of bed bugs, so I want a preventative service, just in case!On paper, APS was exactly what I wanted:- Positive reviews on Yelp- A- review from the BBB (I even read the reviews on the BBB website and took the complaints with a grain of salt)- A Yelp voucher! $45 for $100, which worked for my budget.HOWEVER, it all went downhill with my FIRST call to APS:Strike 1: When my first call kicked over to voicemail, a generic greeting informed me that the mailbox was full and I was unable to leave a message. Without a personalized APS greeting on the voicemail, I wasn't even sure that I had called the right number. An APS employee, named Arman, called me back. I explained my situation and warned Arman that I was/am completely stressed and didn't even know what questions to ask... if these guys had told me that they treated bed bugs with the bone marrow of a baby t-rex and needed two weeks to do so, I may have believed them. Despite my Class A pest control idiocy, Arman still took the time to speak with me. He told me APS is locally operated, flexible with time, and close to my house.We were disconnected once, but, in total, the conversation lasted for about twenty-five minutes (Arman did most of the talking). The conversation was pleasant enough so I told Arman I needed to speak with my boyfriend and he offered to call me back in a couple of hours. The boyfriend came home and we discussed the call, during which time I realized that I didn't know any of the following information:1. The ballpark price of an APS service.2. What the APS process is. 3. Approximately how long the process will take.4. What the service will entail.Strike 2: Despite the twenty-five conversation, I didn't have any of the information that I actually NEEDED to know. Arman didn't return my call, and I didn't return his. Cut to yesterday morning. I called APS back, hoping to clear up some of the fuzzy details. A man named David answered the phone. Since this wasn't Arman I said "Hi David, my name is Rachel, I'm calling about bed bugs."David said "Yeah, I remember you, I spoke with you yesterday for like thirty minutes, how can I help you?" At that moment, I was taken aback for two reasons. 1. I am certain I didn't speak with a  David. 2. David immediately sounded annoyed when he greeted me. When I explained to David that I needed more information from him, he made no attempt to disguise his annoyance. He even gave me the impression that my call was an inconvenience.  When I dare to re-ask about price, David barked, at warp speed, that APS can't do an evaluation over the phone, that other companies would charge me $2500 for a fumigation and that APS would charge less than that, and then said "how's that?". I said "Well, since I don't need a fumigation, are you saying that a spray for my place is going to cost me around $1000?"  His response: "Why won't you just let us come over and do an evaluation?! Why won't you just let us come over?"Evaluation? Whatever did he mean?! This is news to me!. I attempted to explain, but he cut me off yet again. Finally, I curtly say "Sir, no offense intended, but if you would let me finish my thought, perhaps you would understand my situation better...". To which he says "No, no, I have been listening..."  which was laughable, if nothing else.Strike 3: LISTEN. Don't assume that you know your customer's problem and then talk over them.Before I could respond, I heard a click, and I was suddenly talking to someone named Arman (but still not the original). Arman 2.0 said that "David needed to step out". That's right Yelpers, in the middle of our phone call.Strike 4: Unless you have just cut off a limb, are going to crap your pants, or the building is on fire, you don't to "step out" with no explanation.Arman 2.0 gives me more snarky attitude until I forcefully RE-EXPLAINED my situation, which resulted in a useless attempt to salvage the call.I am completely stunned that these two people are allowed to handle calls from potential or existing clients. I am even more STUNNED about the rating they've earned here on Yelp. Over 4 stars! Who are the APS people that Yelp reviewers dealt with and where can I find them? Instead, I spoke with two of the most unhelpful and condescending people I have ever experienced in "customer service" industry. Thanks for showing your true colors before I gave you any money, APS! What a huge relief.
1	David Marshall, the "President and CEO" of Arizona Pest Squad, promptly took the time to write a response to my initial Yelp review. His response perfectly illustrates why I sought out another company for my pest control needs. One of my main concerns with APS was their inability and unwillingness to listen when I called them.Mr. Marshall's response details his interactions with another client (who he must have me confused with). I can only assume that this confusion is a direct reflection of APS's listening skills. The details of my actual pest control needs are available in my initial review. However, I can safely say that the response from APS's CEO has only solidified my decision to look elsewhere.Cheers.
4	We had an ant issue and called APS after calling two other Pest Control companies.  One company never answered their number and the other never showed for the scheduled appointment.  APS came, APS sprayed the house and the next day the ants are gone.
5	I like everything about this company - from the quick returned calls to the best price in the valley to taking the time to explain their plan of attack to taking care of my fire ant problem and to working around our busy schedules.  I would definitely refer them to a friend.
5	I called theses guys they seemed to be very concerned with my bug problem.  They listened to my concerns.  I would recommend them they are the real deal.  Thanks guys.      Theses guys came back 3 different times to make sure no critters came back.  Unbelievable I hope this company stay around for a long time.
5	This company is great! We found a scorpion in my 2 year olds bedroom...so to say I was a little freaked out was an understatement.  They were able to come out the same day, really educated us on the products they would be using, and did a thorough job inside and out.  We have not had a single bug, near less scorpion, in our home since their visit. They even called to follow up with us afterwards. They went above and beyond. So nice to see companies that care about quality and awesome customer service!
5	Called these guys last friday night for a cricket problem I was having. They came out promptly the next saturday afternoon and sprayed the perimeter and interior. Results remain to be seen, but I appreciate the reasonable price ($40 yelp deal), prompt service and hopefully great results. The guy was in and out in 30 minutes!
5	I had some work done on my flooring and my tile guy found MICE!  Immediately  I started looking for someone to get out that same day and went on Yelp, which I have never used, to find someone reliable.  Never have I ever, had someone be so  completely helpful and go out of their way to ensure same day service.  They were FANTASTIC!  I was so pleased that I even asked for cards to hand out, trust me not what I do.  But they solved this disgusting problem in a matter of days and are still coming back to keep looking and spraying!  Would use a million times over!
5	Found out Sunday that my dogs were bringing ticks into the house and called David the next day from all the positive yelp reviews.  David came in promptly the same day like he said he would, sprayed down my entire house inside and outside. He explained everything along the way, never pressured me to buy and even threw in a few freebies to top it off.  Not sure what other companies charge but I felt it was pretty fair considering the amount of work involved. Not sure what the few negative reviews are all about but I found the owner of this place extremely informative and straight forward.  Never once did I feel any pressure or sense any rudeness or negative attitude from him. He also provided everything in a professional written contract.  Obviously there's No way to predict the results yet but I feel pretty confident that ill be calling David if I have any other pest problems in the future!
5	So I had an ant parade in my kitchen so I called APS. 40 bucks and four hours later. Buh bye ants. These guys are the best exterminators ever. I recommend using them if you need to whack some bugs.
5	My 90-year old aunt discovered bedbugs in her Mesa townhouse.  I called APS.  David came out the same day (Sunday) and confirmed YIKES, yes, this is a huge infestation! He went through the steps they would take, offered a very reasonable price and guarantee. Thank goodness for that guarantee because they have been out over a dozen times to insure that everything is completely clean for my aunt.  I won't go into all the details (other customers might expect the same ;-)) but David and his team have treated her like she is their relative.Pros are listed aboveCons: - David can talk - oh yah- Their phone system could use some work but they have always called back- Promptness seems to be an issue - there is always an excuse and usually a call somewhere near the appointment time to informEven with the cons, they have given us excellent service and I highly recommend them!
5	I have been a Bulwark customer for a few years, but their efforts seemed to have no EFFECT on the Scorpion occurrences.  They were more concerned about getting their monthly billing.  Enter Arizona Pest Squad.  I spoke with David when he was out treating my neighbors house.  He listened, put a plan together, and followed through.  I did not see another scorpion alive after that!  Superior service, Name Brand products, Competitive pricing.  I hope they can keep this level of performance up and not turn into Bulwark!  Highly recommend APS!
5	I waited until my 3 month contract was up to write my review and all things considered these guys exceeded my expectations.  First, I called several competitors which all quoted me the same price for a 1 time service only, whereas for a few bucks more APS offered me a 3 month deal.  Dave came out to my house the same day I called, treated my entire yard, garage in interior areas of concern.  He explained everything in detail, almost to a degree that was certainly over my head.  Now the shocking part, Arman (the scheduler) called me every time to schedule my follow up visits, 4 or 5  during my contract of 3 months.  I've lived in South Scottsdale for years and every year the cockroaches get worse; well I now have a pest service I'll be calling every summer.  Thanks Dave and Arman
5	These guys are awesome! They knew exactly what the problem was and tackled it. We received a GREAT deal knowing we were college students.....I would recommend them to anyone. Great quality service with sincere customer service. Arizona Pest Squad are the people to call for ANY issues.
5	I had an unfortunate tick problem and knew I needed to get professionals on it ASAP.  I chose AZ Pest Squad after reading others' positive reviews and can only add to the excellent feedback -- these guys are the best!  David answered my initial phone call after hours, which was impressive.  He gave me a very reasonable quote over the phone which was the price I paid -- in fact, he even cut me a better deal once he was here.  David was able to alleviate my fears and said he could come by the very next day. He went above & beyond.  He told me everything he was doing prior to spraying, and left me with instructions for after care.  He provided me with great referrals so I could make sure my dog was taken care of after the house was treated.  Keep up the great work!
5	Originally, when I signed up David Marshall planned on skipping December service since the bug activity is fairly low.  I want to be clear, I agreed with that approach and there was to be no charge.   Last week, I got a call from David and he said that since it has been unseasonably warm he recommended he treat the house for December anyway.  However, he was very quick to point out that it wouldn't cost us anything since we agreed previously not to do it.  "Merry Christmas" is what he said!I didn't call them to complain.  They proactively called me!  That is crazy good service!  Although there is a lone complainer that David got confused about his hundreds of customers(can happen), I ALWAYS feel that APS and David are ultimately trying to do an outstanding job and keep their customers delighted.  As long as they keep their can-do attitude and don't cut corners as their competitors do, I will be a long-time customer.Lastly, No scorpion sightings since APS has been on the job!
5	I used their service a few months ago and I am very happy with everything that has happened. A few days before my trip abroad, I found ants swarming over my cat's food bowl leading up to the bedroom door frame. I looked all over Yelp to find the best place. Since this business had quite strong mixed reviews I hesitated to call, but once I called them, the man who picked up the phone was helpful and set me up for an appointment to inspect the house within 24 hours. David himself showed up promptly in the morning. I was not a bit alarmed to have him at the house although I was by myself because he was very professional yet friendly. He explained ALL of my options and I chose the most inexpensive one of under $50. He sprayed all along the walls and frames, inside AND OUT.  He took extra care around my cat and explained that the chemicals he was using was safe and top-quality. It has been months since he came by and I have not seen a single ant. He was great at following up and an interesting person have conversations with. Thank you for all you have done!-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------**update**I used his service again this year because of ant infestation in my kitchen. He came 3 times for such a cheap price, caulked gap in the sink installation and the wall for free, in a great spirit. Always efficient and transparent about his business motto and methods. Thank you.
5	Excellent! I would highly recommend these guys! I called AZ pest Squad because I needed help getting rid of a bee hive in my backyard. Rex was very knowledgeable and gave me several options. He came on time, quoted me, advised me to get a coupon that was online, and even made several courtesy calls to check on his job. It's hard to trust people know a days but I know I can trust and count on them.
5	I called them on Saturday, they came out later that day to set traps for roof rats.  They called me to schedule time to pick them up.  Very pleased, very customer service oriented.  Canceled Bulwark and now use AZ Pest Squad.
5	We have been having major rodent damage to my Smart car ($5000 or more in 9 months) and were desperate to find a solution to rid ourselves of these critters.  Arizona Pest Squad is the answer.  The two people with whom I spoke were passionate about their work and helping their customers.  It is a pleasure dealing with a company who tries to use "Made in the USA" products whenever possible.  Rex, the person who came to our house, was very knowledgeable about his products and very personable.  Those rodents better beware 'cause Rex is here!  I highly recommend this company!
5	Very pleased with our service from David and Arizona Pest Squad. I called about some problems we were having with ants around our sinks; they gave me a quote and alerted me to the Yelp deal, which saved me $50 off my service. David came out the following morning and was very thorough and informative. I told him that I would rather do only one service than two, as I am on a grad student budget, and he sprayed extra to accommodate my needs. I will definitely call them in the future for pest control!
5	We recently moved to the area and my worst fear was scorpions. Unfortunately we have them! We continued to use the bug service the previous owners used and had horrible results. So we switched to APS. David is wonderful and is actually concerned about my scorpion problem, unlike the previous service. He is honest, thorough, and informative. Since we started APS we haven't seen a scorpion in months!  I know I can call him at any time and he will do whatever is needed to help! Great guy.. Great business. Highly recommend!
5	Rex came out and did what needed to be done to solve my roof rat problem. Very professional and courteous guys. I would highly recommend them to anyone thinking about needing rodent control.
4	Love these guys. Great with my dogs. Call me beginning of every month to schedule. My bug guy even set me up with a great landscaper that works on my budget! I had a scorpion problem and within a week of these guys coming it was all cleared up. I highly recommend :)
5	The company was very professional from the moment I called they offered same day services rex and david are very nice and theh  really knows they stuff I definitely recommend this company
5	How awesome are the guys at Arizona Pest Squad? Imagine if Jason Bourne, James Bond, Chuck Norris and Rambo decided to start a pest control company. They'd still not be as good as Arizona Pest Squad! These guys are amazing! They came out immediately when I first called them. They've caught 4 rats so far and have been very knowledgeable and professional. I highly recommend them for any pest problem you have. Rex has been the technician that's come to our house and he has been great about explaining things and informing us of the 4-footed terrorists plaguing our home and yard. My family sleeps much better knowing that Rex and the team at Arizona Pest Squad is on the job. Thanks guys! We really appreciate all you've done and will continue to do for us!
1	Update: Service ended up being pretty bad. Crickets came back within two weeks. Ordered Cy-kick CS and a sprayer from Amazon and sprayed the place myself. Three months later no crickets or spiders or anything. Don't waste your money or time. Do it yourself!
1	I originally liked this company, I guess the first service was the honeymoon phase.  Each time we called afterwards they were either very late, or did not show up at all!  This last time was the last straw, will NEVER EVER use this company again.  If you have a day to burn and can wait all day go for it.  Otherwise there are plenty of other vendors out there.
5	The service here is amazing.  I called at 4pm. The guy came in at 6pm. I'm college student he gave me a really good deal. I would recommend this place to my friends.
5	These guys were great. Had a major problem at my house and they came out right away. The gentleman who came out was also very descriptive and detailed with the process of the bug treatment and what he was doing. He was very patient in answering my questions as well and told me exactly what he was going to do. If you need a pest service call these guys, they'll take care of you.
5	First and foremost let me say I am very pleased that I decided to go with Arizona pest squads services. I called on a Sunday after reading there already great reviews here on yelp.  Dave awnsered my phone call and was very tentative to our questions making sure he serviced our needs properly.  He came later on in the day on a Sunday when I didn't expect him to, and was extremely professional and courteous to helping us understand his products and services.  He went on to honor a great deal and sprayed our home completely while explaining in detail the service he was providing.  To an added bonus he gave us a complimentary respray to make sure we have a solid hold against any pest.  *Very professional * outstanding customer service * great price               I highly recommend this company for all your pest control needs!!!
5	I must say I was quite impressed with David and his company.  He came out to my house in Cave Creek at 4:30 and stayed until 7:00.  He provided me with an abundance of information regarding various pests and their habits.   He sprayed my entire front yard, back yard, garage, fence and even the walls around my house to protect me from anything and everything.   I have had 2 other exterminating companies and no one has ever spent as much time on the outside of my home.  He was very mindful of my young son as well as our dogs.  The definitely seem to be all about customer service and doing what is right for the customer.  I will make sure to recommend David and his company to my coworkers, friends and family.   Thank you Arizona Pest Squad.  Look forward to a long happy relationship as well as a pest free home!
5	On time, professional, wore bootees in the house, polite, gave examples of different sprays. Definitely continue using this company.
5	To bee or not to bee - that is the question.  I called at 7:35 A.M. and David was to the house to inspect the bee situation under the eaves and possibly in the wall/attic by 11:30 A.M.  David could have exterminated the bees - no problem.  I requested the hive be removed and he recommended a specialist in the area.  The specialist called and made an appointment to come later in the afternoon.  David was professional and courteous.
5	Bought a new house nearby and asked APS to come take care of that one.  David did a full service all around laying down a big protection layer around the house.  They use brand name chemicals and the right amounts to get the job done.  Still no scorpions since they've been on the job!  They charge fair prices and then OVER-DELIVER on the service.  Continue to highly recommend!
5	These guys always do a FANTASTIC, thorough, and professional job. They were recommended to us and we happily recommend them to others. We use them for all of our nasty AZ bug needs! Highly recommended! Thanks for keeping my two babies safe! :)
5	David With Arizona Pest Squad is the BEST!!! He is very through and very receptive to the Customer. Best Customer Service I have encountered in forever, also he is available pretty much all the time. We reached a person right away and he was able to inspect today Sunday. Awesome company, please pass on!!!
5	On Thursday 4/17 I noticed bees going into my home in front of the house it was 4:45pm I called Dave from Arizonia Pest  Control and explained to him what was happening and what I saw he said no problem I will have a specialist there in 30 min "Wow What Service " ,his specialist Rex came looked at the bee entry put on his bee suit and said not to worry I will take care of everything ,he was so professional and friendly I felt like I knew him for years.I can not  say enough about the prompt service I received Dave and his Crew are to be commended for a job well done I am now there customer and would highly recommend them to anyone looking for a great company who is honest and professional.
5	Called David at 10 a.m. He was at my house by 1:30pm. Did a thorough inspection of all of my furniture and let me know exactly what he was doing and why he was doing it.  He was a very friendly guy - was definitely an enjoyable experience as far as getting your house sprayed goes. He also gave me several discounts and my final bill for a preventative spray was only $40. Thanks David for all of your help!!
5	These guys were awesome!  Friday night around 6pm we noticed hundreds of little black bugs on our back patio where we let our dog out.  I totally freaked out!  Looked up exterminator on yelp and Arizona Pest Squad came up so I called.I called Friday night around 6:30, David answered and we made an appointment for Saturday morning.  David and his colleague were really friendly and so good with our dog.  They sprayed and set up a follow-up appointment.  They even charged less than what was quoted on the phone because our patio area wasn't that big.  These guys will be our go to exterminator!
4	Glad we found you.  $65 is a great deal.
5	On 4/29/14 in the late evening, I was dismayed to discover a scorpion on the back deck of the house we had just moved into days before.  I have a young daughter and a small dog and scorpions greatly concern me.  We had asked the landlord about scorpions prior to signing anything and it was claimed that there were no scorpions.  Of course, we live in the desert so I took this claim with a grain of salt.On the morning of 4/30/14, I began my search for a reputable pest company that could help me with my problem.  I called a couple of places (surprisingly to me all went to voice-mails) and left messages for a few.  David with Arizona Pest Squad called me back relatively shortly after I left my message and we had a good conversation about my problem.  David was very friendly, extremely knowledgeable, and thoroughly explained things to me as far as the products they use and what is recommended for treatment of my scorpion problem.  I asked him about the cost and was pleased to discover that I was eligible for a discount due to finding them on Yelp.  David let me know that he would get with a technician and they would let me know when they could make it out.A few hours later, I received a call from Rex stating that he was finishing up a job not too far away and that he could be at my house in 45 minutes if that was okay with me.  I knew that I would be home so agreed to the appointment.Rex showed up on time and was extremely friendly.  He thoroughly explained what he was going to do, answered all of my questions, and was very friendly and professional during the whole visit.  In my opinion Rex is a true professional and reflects well on the company he is representing.  It was towards evening when all of the spraying went on so I do not have much of an opinion just yet on the effectiveness of the treatment, but I felt that this company earned a good review on Yelp for their professional courtesy, friendly attitudes, and timely response.  Based on everything I have experienced so far, I am positive that I will be pleased with the results as well.Thank you Arizona Pest Squad!
5	Great Service!  Booked Same Day Appointment!I first heard about Arizona Pest Squad from a girl at work, they were able to get rid of the Scorpions in her house.  I bought a new house that had been vacant for a couple months so decided to get an initial spray done.  David and his team came to the house and sprayed indoors and out and everything has been great! That was almost a year ago and no major bug issues to report!Last week I noticed a bee problem in my front yard so I called today to see if this was something they do, and it is.  Due to the severity of the problem David sent someone over within two hours of my call.....usually you have to wait a couple days to a week for an appointment, but not with Arizona Pest Squad!  I am working today so they called when they arrived and text me to let me know they were done.  They're coming back tomorrow to check their work and will report back to me.It's almost too easy, usually I need to rearrange my work schedule to meet someone, but they were able to take care of it!  Thanks David and Team!
5	Wow..I'm impressed with this Co. They sprayed my home today, I live in an area of Gilbert where we have 5-15 scorpions per night. Tonight I have none at all..Also great pricing and the guys were very professional. ..Will definitely continue using this Co.
5	I have an 18 month old and am pregnant, so when I found larvae in my pantry and under our bed I was nervous about calling a pest control company. I have been so impressed with AZ Pest Squad. Not only were they more affordable than the competitors, they called me back before I was finished leaving a message explaining my problem and came out the same day to take care of the initial spray. They were conservative with how much chemical was sprayed through my house since I am pregnant and have a curious toddler running through the house, and when David showed up at my door he brought a folder of information about the two chemicals he was going to use. A couple of months later I have found more larvae in the kitchen (a result of having a toddler that leaves snacks everywhere) and again AZ Pest Squad responded quickly and efficiently. I definitely recommend them for excellent customer service and for the way they adapted their care for our young family in order to take care of the problem with going overboard on excessive pesticide.
5	Saturday 8AM - I leave the house with Little C and we head to his class.  All is fine with the house when we leave.  Saturday 1:00pm - We return home from class and I have lunch for all of us in tote.  I sit the bag down on this little patio table we have next to our swing.  Upon set down, hundreds if not thousands of these little bugs fall to the ground from under the table.  I look around... and utter to myself....WTF is this sh*t?!?!  They weren't ants.  They weren't beetles.  I have NO CLUE what the hell these things are that are all over. Slight panic sets in.  Saturday 5:00pm - These little bugs are starting to take over the front of the house.  They're EVERYWHERE.  Carport, front yard, planter box, wall of the house...EVERYWHERE. There were easily a million of these bugs, if there were 1.  My step-dad stops by the house to have a look and he's stumped too.  His suggestion - go to Ace and pick up some spray.  As I'm heading to Ace, I realize how big of a problem I have on my hands and I break out my phone and search for Pest Control on Yelp, filtering by Open Now. Up pops Arizona Pest Squad with the 66 reviews and 4.5 stars.  I call, thinking that I wouldn't be able to have someone come out until Monday.  Wrong!  Oh was I so very wrong.  David told me he would be by around 7pm and said that since I was within a certain radius, it was a discounted rate.  And there wasn't going to be any additional charges for a last minute weekend service.  JACKPOT!  I leave to go to my g-parents, and when I got home around 9pm (i left a check with J), there wasn't a bug in sight and all of the spray had dried.  The product that was used is safe around kids and pets, but I still wanted to make sure it was dry before Little C and I got home.  David explained to me what the bugs were ("final cinch"), what needed to be done to insure they wouldn't come back.  We do a followup spray next week and will be scheduling regular spraying to keep our other critter problems in check - ants, crickets, and lovely summer roaches...YUCK!Once again Yelp has come to my rescue.  :)
5	These guys really do their jobs well! They are all professional and personable. It is rare to encounter a business that has the highest standards for customer service and pest control as AZ Pest Squad. We highly recommend their services!
5	These guys did a great job.  Bees had built a hive on the side of our home.  Rex was right on time and quickly explained that the situation wasn't too bad and had it quickly resolved.  We got a discount offer that they had here on Yelp so the price was the best of all the online quotes I'd seen.  He also explained how the treatment worked to keep bees from returning to that particular spot.    By the way, "Daivd", the owner, took my initial call.  Very nice guy.I'd recommend these guys.  Good people, good work, fair price.
5	David answered my calls right away and even came over on Saturday and Sunday of Memorial Day Weekend to help me. He set mouse traps and sealed off all entry points for a great price. He did an impeccable job and I would use his company again!
5	It was 9am... 3 hours before i was having 2 dozen people over for a pool party. I was at working finished up something when my girlfriend texted me that the walls were buzzing and there was a random swarm of bees in our backyard. I thought to myself... typical girl, sees a be and freaks out. I get home and there are literally 300-500 bees flying into a little crack in my wall in the backyard.These little bastards are nesting in my walls! i called the pest squad and the owner actually answered the phone. He was very nice and sincere with his promise of "we'll have someone out there soon, I just have to call my bee guy" OK i thought to myself, he's got a bee guy.within 1 hour I HAD A BEE GUY AT MY HOUSE JUST COMMITTING MASS GENOCIDE ON THESE LITTLE YELLOW BASTARDS! and just like that he put a finger to his nose and up the chimney he rose. For a very low price and instant service I was bee free in an hour. Pest squad saved my party! Thanks guys! oh and special shout out to John the Bee guy - he's a funny, very personable fun guy - not your typical creepy bug guy.
5	I would recommend these guys!  Called on a Monday morning at 9:30 AM to inquire about removing a wasp nest in the front of our house.  David answered the phone and told me they had a guy out in our area that would be at our house by 11:30 AM.  Indeed he was!  John (super friendly and knowledgeable, by the way...) came out and took care of the issue and even removed some old birds nests that were in the same area as the wasps for us.  He also used his "dust" to prevent honeybees coming back from where I showed him we had a huge honeycomb about a year ago in a separate part of our roof.  $75 total.  Took less than 30 min.
5	Got home at 3:30. Bee hive in tree in front yard. Called them. 20 minutes they're at my house. 20 minutes later bees are gone. Highly recommended.
5	AZ Pest Squad...#1 period.  They came to my shop and sprayed for bugs.  Fast efficient.  You can tell they take pride in what they do!  Clean professional uniforms, clean professional vehicles.  This means a lot to me, they take care of their stuff that in turn means they will take care of mine.  Looking forward to a long relationship with these guys!
3	I wrote a very good review after my first time working with them, but felt it was appropriate to provide an update.  I have noticed at least one other reviewer that has experienced the same problem that I am now experiencing and it is concerning to me.My main motivation for using this pest control service is that we have a scorpion problem in our home that we have lived in for 2 months.In the first month or so, we had AZ Pest Squad come out a couple of times and things were good for the most part.  There was a little bit of a problem on the last visit.  I always specifically schedule my pest control visits for later in the afternoon when we are home because I want the inside of my house sprayed to discourage scorpions from coming into the home.  I got home and realized that they had decided to come early without my authorization and only did the outside of the home.  There was an invoice waiting for me on the door, which is how I knew that they had been there.I let that go because I had such an excellent experience with them during their first visit.Fast forward a month later and I call to schedule another service.  Not only do I continue to kill 4-5 scorpions a night, they are now appearing in my home and my wife and young daughter are freaked out big time.I called a few days ago to ask for another service call and was asked if they could call me right back.  I said sure, but never received a call back.The next day, I called again and finally was able to schedule something for the following day.  We were advised to remove things off the wall as much as possible so that they could give the inside of the house a good spray, since we were mainly concerned about scorpions inside the home.  So now, three days have gone by that I was hoping to get someone out to the house.  They were supposed to come to my house yesterday evening, but I got a call earlier in the day saying that they happened to be in the area and could they just do the treatment then.  I apologized but said that I had to decline because I very much wanted the inside of the house done and we had moved everything per the instructions we received.  They said no problem, they would see us at our scheduled time.Well, I am disappointed to report that they never showed up for the appointment and did not call me.  After they were an hour late for the appointment, I called the main number and left a voicemail.  I also called back the number that had called me earlier in the day and left a voicemail there, asking for an explanation.  A little while later I received a call  from the gentleman that had called me earlier in the day asking if they could reschedule for the next day.  I asked him what happened and he said they just got busy.  It seems to me like they have problems with their scheduling and communication.  I suspect that the person that called me got my voicemail and that is what prompted him to finally call me.  They asked me to reschedule and I was reluctant but it was pretty clear that they were not coming to my house no matter what I said.Now they are scheduled to come to my house today.  We will see if they show up.  I told the gentleman on the phone that if they did not show I  was done with using them and would move on.I realize that waiting for 4 days for a service call is not that long of a time and that my emergency is not necessarily their emergency, but if they schedule something I expect them to show up for it, and if they cannot, I expect a call BEFORE the appointed time to let me know.  I rushed home from work to do them the courtesy of making sure I was there when I said I would be.  Also, let's face it:  Part of the pest control service is the peace of mind it provides for you, even if it is not always 100% effective.  My wife and daughter continue to be terrified because I continue to kill scorpions in the house.  It makes us nervous and I regret that I had to wait an extra 2 days due to scheduling issues with this company.I think this company would do itself a big favor if they had an actual dispatcher/scheduler to run the show.  Every time I call I have the impression that things are being controlled from cell phones on the road and obviously this is causing problems for them and us as the customers.  They seem very good and eager to please new customers, but I am not feeling so good about the treatment I am receiving as a repeat customer.
2	Well they did same day service (1 of 2) for a good rate. Found that the treatment was not very effective for the roaches, which is why I called in the first place. Tried calling back several times to have them do the second treatment sooner to get rid of the roaches. I called about 3 times and left messages- still haven't heard from them.... Sorry guys, but that's just poor customer service, a simple phone call to figure out what to do next was all I wanted. I ended up calling another company to take care of it.
5	I called Arizona Pest Squad after we noticed a cockroach in our house.  David answered the phone and was able to get us an appointment that worked with my schedule within a couple of days.  He showed up and applied the treatments to the inside and outside of the house.  He clearly explained what he was using and what the application requirements are.  He stated that they will need to come back in 7 to 10 days to do a follow up treatment per the manufacturers recommendation.  I am very happy with the service they provided and will be using them in the future!
5	***Updated review***After receiving a call from David of Arizona Pest Squad, he found the source of the problem from my past review and took care of it. He also went above and beyond on his company's customer service - he came to my apartment, did the job right, and gave me 2 additional services. I appreciate the gesture, and am considering keeping them on as my pest service provider.  Thank you !
5	I found Arizona Pest Squad on yelp after I noticed a large number of Ants in and around my house.  I filled out the online form on the website on a Saturday afternoon around 2:00 PM and figured I would hear from them sometime Monday.  I got a call back in 30 minutes from the owner David and he was at my house within a hour!That was the better part of 18 months ago and I've been under contract ever since.  Not a bug to be found since I started getting service every month. The service tech always shows up in the first couple of days of the month.  I referred David to a couple of friends and the ones who have called have had the same outstanding service!
3	They got the jobs done at a fair price. Customer service could be a little better though.
5	David is a real gentleman. It's not everyday that you find a small business owner who is customer centric like him. He addressed all our needs and went above and beyond to make sure we understood what chemicals were being applied to our house and how they interact to solve our pest problems. He also made sure I understood how and where to place extra pest traps to maximize the effectiveness of his service. Will be calling him for all future needs.
5	I called Az Pest Squad at 9 this morning about a wasp nest in my backyard, and by 11:30 the nest was taken care of! Not only that, but David trimmed the bush that the nest had been made in and will be following up tomorrow morning to make sure no further action is needed. I had a great experience with this company and would highly recommend them to anyone in need of pest control! Thank you David! :)
5	After finding ticks in my home I found Arizona Pest Squad here on Yelp. Giving 5 stars is not enough!!! David was my first contact and very eager to help me out. We scheduled for this morning. Yesterday I get a call from David saying he wants his tick expert to come over. It was so nice that he would do that! So this morning bright and early I met John. This guy is the smartest guy I have ever met when it comes to these nasty little bugs. We walked thru the house inside and out with conversation never stopping. I know so much more than I ever dreamed of learning about creatures.....and I'm not complaining. It is so nice to actually KNOW!! Ok....I'll wrap this up...call this company if you have bugs of any kind!! They will get the job done and done right!!! Thank you thank you thank you for being awesome!!!!!
5	just wanted to add an update.  ONce again David from AZ Pest Squad won me over with his outstanding customer service. We played phone tag and he wasn't able to come out originally when scheduled, but in return he gave me a free service.  All I can say is thank you, thank you!!  More companies should follow your example.  Thank yo for the excellent customer experience!!!!
5	They got out here the same day we called, no pressure for a monthly service sign up, and best of all- no ants/other critters since they sprayed!  We'll be repeat customers next time an ant gets the wrong idea
1	Scammed! My husband was working so I handled the rat issues at our home that was for sale! Dave meet me at the property put up two traps & charged me $170.00 that was on top of the yelp deal! Not only did we not have rats but he hasn't returned my calls or my husbands & we have his traps hoping he'll call, knowing he scammed us! $170.00 for 15 min? No return visit no nothing.... Be warned!!!!!!
2	The service was OK, I guess, but subcontracted, which was not made clear up front. More importantly, when I had concerns afterward, the co-owner argued with me, and I never received a phone call from the other owner (which I asked for), but rather a defensive letter.
5	Evidently mowing the lawn -- noise or dust? -- can make a bee colony defensive. My partner got "swarmed" by bees while he was cutting the grass this past Sunday. He ran and jumped into the pool to get away from them (which worked for him, but, so you know, most experts advise against jumping into water to escape bees).  It turned out we had a bee hive within an exterior wall of the house, just underneath the roof (two-storey house).I called Arizona Pest Squad on Monday and left a message. I got a call back about five minutes later. The man who called asked if he could have Arizona Pest Squad's bee pro call me shortly to set up an appointment.  I said, "Sure," and got another call back within 10 minutes. I explained the situation to him, and he said he would be at my house between 10 a.m. and noon the following day. He arrived around 11:50 a.m. so he kept to the agreed-upon arrival window, which I greatly appreciated.  I walked with him to the south side of my house.  We could see bees buzzing around a spot underneath the flashing of the roof. He was friendly and explained what he was going to do to get rid of the bees, mostly immediately or within 24 hours, but he was also going to apply an insecticide that would keep swarms of bees away for six months.Due to the height of the hive, getting to the bees wasn't easy, especially while wearing a bee suit, but he got the job done.  I didn't ask beforehand what the cost would be, but he applied the discount available through Yelp and I paid what I felt was a fair and appropriate price. He also told me he would return within 30 days for free if the work he did on Tuesday didn't get rid of all of the bees.I asked about the honeycomb and was glad he didn't try to gouge the cost by stating he would have to rip out stucco or drywall inside the house. He did tell me the importance of covering the entry in and out of the hive to prevent future bee colonization, and that is something we can do ourselves at a minimal cost.We're 100% satisfied.
5	All the folks in my old neigborhood use AZPestSquad and now a few in my new neighborhood.  Even with all the rain over the summer, the scorpions are vanished or if I see one it is dead!
5	Very responsive and quick to get out to our property with sprays and traps. Dave is incredibly knowledgeable and left my husband and I feeling like we were in good hands. They came to us on a referral and I will likely refer out to my friends. Very professional group.
