4	CenPho's latest is a BEAUTIFUL FULL-ON ALE HOUSE!Just stopped by to check the place out and was flagged down by the nicest husband and wife team who invited me in! The place is spectacular! A large spacey room and a huge outdoor patio with an incredible view of Downtown.I'm from Milwaukee and this place sends me back to "the way things are supposed to be" ... it's beer, it's people ... it's HOME!I can't wait to go back for more!Oh yeah ... of course they have got a huge looooooooong wall of a gazillion beers on-tap!Fantastic!!!
5	Mat and Sharry Engelhorn have a big hit on their hands. Angel's Trumpet Ale House, so named because of the meaning of their last name and their passion for all things craft beer, is my new favorite place.Service: Generally speaking, opening nights are fraught with disaster, poor service, and mediocre food. Not so with AT, everything was as amazing as I would expect it to be when the place wasn't jam packed with people. Our server was pleasant, pretty speedy, and explained a few details to us. She was in a hurry, but she didn't hurry us, and that's a really good thing.  5 stars for service.Food: The FOOD! Oh yes the food was incredible. I can think of no greater sin than soggy wings, but these wings were crispy and tender, with an incredible spicy buffalo sauce, and a delicious bleu cheese dressing. Instead of throwing a few carrot and celery stalks on the plate, they were made into a salad with a few radishes for spice and color. Let me say again, the wings are AMAZING.  My honey ordered the pizza with peppered bacon, sausage, pepperoni, and leeks - it was crispy, just enough cheese and sauce without being overwhelming, and the ingredients were amazingly high quality. I ordered the Southwest burger, and it was incredible. I love that you get to choose your protein - I chose beef, and the beef patty was moist and perfectly cooked/seasoned. My only "complaint" is that I wanted MORE Adobo sauce for a bigger kick, and maybe a bit more cheese, but those are easy modifications to make next time around. The burger bun was light and delicious, with perfect flavor to compliment the patty and toppings. They also have featured seasonal dishes on the chalk wall as you walk in, and they sound absolutely incredible.Dessert was fantastic and a fun play on childhood treats. We ordered the seasonal pop tart which was strawberry rhubarb, and it was delicious. The filling wasn't sickening sweet like a normal pop tart, and it was spread between layers of what looked to be a modified puff pastry or phyllo dough. The top was drizzled with a fantastic thin frosting, and finished with sprinkles of pink sugar for a playful and crunchy touch.  5 stars for food!Beer: Their beer selection on tap is magnificent. So many beers I know and love, and many that I had never tried/heard of before. I tried two new IPA's and they were both splendid. The pour was great both times - one in a pint and one in a tulip, the head was perfectly poured with just the right amount and appropriately sized bubbles. Their beer folks know their stuff. 5 stars for beer!Atmosphere: I loved walking up and into ATAH. The slump block building reminds me of my childhood home, and their metal grate dividers outside are genius and rustic. The inside perfectly blends the beauty of the wood rafters and block walls with bright colors, natural wood chairs and tables, concrete bar top, and tile backsplash. And you can't miss the massive amount of windows to let in the sun and the gorgeous sunset views. It was a true pleasure to take part in the best time of Arizona summers at this amazing pub. Oh, and I love that they have three unisex bathrooms, it is a nice relief from the standard multiple stall setup that precludes you from privacy in your most private moments.  5 stars for atmosphereSo that's 5 stars all around, and I only expect it to get better with age. I'm going back tonight, and maybe tomorrow, and definitely Sunday. I'll be here a lot., you should definitely try it.
5	I went here opening day late afternoon, met up with some fellow beer freaks. Overall I'm pleased!Building marking signage is on the south side wall, and parking is available in the dirt lot next to that wall as well as limited parking up front.Furniture is simple butcherblock tables, well laid out. The beer bar has a large chalkboard above it, 31 taps and several wines. Music is there, but not loud at all. Room acoustics might use some work, it gets a little loud in there but hey what do you expect with a house full of yapping beer freaks?! Good variety of beers, offering the major breweries we already know such as Deschutes, Odell, Warsteiner (Dunkel), Epic, Sam Adams (a new style!), New Belgium, Green Flash, and more. Kegs blow all the time and something different is put on. Beers are priced $6,7,8. Snifter served for high ABV beers, PROPER TALL PINT glass for regulars and tulips for Beligian styles. No American "pint" glasses which actually serve 12 oz. plus head, those are for ice water. **** INSIDE SKINNY:  The place has an outdoor patio out back, and now that the weather is getting cooler IT'S SUPER NICE OUT THERE for sunset and after. In fact it's really nice for a date with a candle on the table. Get one on the rear edge of the patio rather than near the door, it's quieter.Sampler flights are available for a fair deal! Pick 6, write the tap numbers on the paper, and they'll be delivered in a muffin tray oriented with the paper! So now on to the food!Yeah get ready. The menu is gourmet scrumptious, and I CANNOT WAIT to try some of those things! These dishes have flavor combinations that will blow your mind just by reading them, and the choice WILL be difficult. You'll just have to convince yourself you'll try the other dish next time.My recommendations: The Chet: ($8.50) - Tortilla stuffed with fries, chorizo, black beans, roasted corn,  grilled chile peppers, chihuahua cheese, adobo sauce and crema. I saw this one, nice grill marks on the tortilla. SPICY.The 810: (sammy,$8.50) Shaved smoked turkey, peppered bacon, avocado mash, pickled red onions, adobo sauce, side of pickled jalapeno long slices. Choice of side - I recommend the fries, they're flavorful and perfectly done.Meat Treat Pizza: ($10) 10" Flatbread pizza with peperoni, sausage, smoked bacon, LEEKS!!!, smoked mozz, roasted tomato sauce. Saw this one, the toppings just POP at you! Nice size too!Warm Sausage Platter: ($10) Wild game!! Brat! Chorizo! with mustards and relishes. This comes out and it's SPECTACULAR.Haven't had the burgers, but they look and smell scrumptious. My friend had the Southwest Burger.I guess you can see what flavors I like, haha.Leeks for me ANYWHERE are a pleasant surprise as well.Based on the most recent visit, I now upgrade to FIVE STARS!Very attentive and accurate service. My friend's iced tea was never neglected, and our large party was checked on every so often. (Gratuity added automatically for larger parties. 6 or more?)So.... give this place a try, I think you'll be happy.After work for dinner would seem to be the best time before it gets too packed.Nevermind Hungry Monk, EAT HERE.
1	Presentation should never take longer than fermentation. But there I was, still thirsty after 15 minutes of waiting for my pint of Norse Legend. When I ordered it, the waiter didn't know what I was talking about. I told him "You know, the sahti (I didn't confuse him by pronouncing it Finnish style) from Sam Adams." Finally, I just gave him the number on the board. Then he scurried off. We never saw him again. In the meantime, I checked out the food menu. It looked excellent. But we rolled in just as the kitchen closed at 10 p.m. on a Friday. No appetizers, no desserts, no nothin'. My wife and I tried talking. But the exposed beams and concrete floors and walls that look so nice turn the volume up to where we had to yell at each other. After a few more minutes of waiting and not seeing a familiar waiter, we did something we've never done at a brewery/alehouse/taproom before: We walked out, still thirsty for a quality beer. We went to Sun Up, where we had a cask-conditioned IPA made with Simcoe hops that pretty well destroyed anything on-tap at Angels Trumpet.We'll give Angels Trumpet another shot in the future - once we hear it has its act together.
2	When we got there the place was crowded so we decided to go out on the patio. Alright, who spends a lot of money on a patio and doesn't install lights?  Service was super slow outside and because we couldn't read the menus we made our way back inside and eventually got a table. Problem #2. The noise. Really bad acoustics.  We had to scream at the server just to get our order in and then when it eventually arrived it was wrong.  I wish new places opening up would have better training programs for their staff.  It appeared that they only had one computer working also which slowed things down.  The menu looked good and the variety of beer on tap was impressive.  I'll go back again in a few months to see if they have worked out their solvable problems. I'm sure the noise problem will solve itself if people stop going if they don't fix the other problems.
4	I cannot speak for the food, (though the menu looked unique and tantalizing), but the beer selection was great, as was service. We arrived on Saturday night, the first weekend Angels Trumpet was open, around 10 p.m. for drinks. There was a large group of us, 9 people... though there weren't any tables to accomodate our party we were able to stand/be seated comfortably around one of the high-tops.This place is great for smaller parties who enjoy a good beer. The selection cannot be beat in downtown Phoenix -- 31 craft brews on tap of every taste and style... and they're always rotating. I had the Biere Blonde & White... 4.5% alcohol, light, sunny taste. Reminded me of Four Peak's SunBrew.The selection ranges from hoppy IPAs at 10% alcohol/volume to the lighter, summer brews and everything in between. There is literally something for everyone, even a few wines on tap for the non-beer drinkers.Our server was very nice and accommodating.. and though the place was packed she got us our drinks pretty quickly.A couple reasons I didn't give Angels Trumpet the perfect '5' star rating:Disorganization-- Seating was sort of a nightmare... and we kind of waited around for one of the high-tops to open up and just snagged it.Ambience-- I enjoyed the nice, open floor plan but the restaurant-style and dozens of tables/chairs was a bit puzzling considering the kitchen was closed when we arrived. I couldn't hear any music above the conversations in the room and the huge, 60" TV screens weren't turned on. It'd be nice for weekend nights to boast something a little more special. If you're going to close the kitchen, allow people to walk around and mingle more.Overall, if you're looking for a nice place to kick back with a small group of friends and try some awesome, unique beers on tap, Angels Trumpet is it. Their prices are reasonable for the quality offered. Haven't tried the food, but the menu is pretty diverse offering a spin on traditional bar food like flatbread pizzas and sandwiches.
2	I was looking forward to their opening and now I feel I need to wait a few months longer before I try again.  On a Friday night, a hostess/server greeted us after a good 5 minutes of waiting by the door and asked us if we would be ordering food since the kitchen was backed up.  If we were to order, our food would arrive well over an hour of our arrival.  Naturally, this was all the information we needed enough to say "No, we're just here for a beer or two."  Soon after, we were seated and placed an order for 3 pints.  We waited a good 15-20 minutes for our beers.  During that time, we noticed lots of servers standing around one POS (point of sale).  It looked as if servers were waiting in line to put in their individual orders.  Our suspicion was confirmed later that evening, only one working POS.  I wonder why they didn't have a backup plan-paper tickets?  I would think people would be more inclined to walk out on their tab because of the excruciating wait than management have to worry about losing money with paper tickets.Our waters were refilled twice before our first round of beers arrived at our table.  Two of my buddies call this place the "Water House" because that's all they got when they visited Angel's Trumpet Ale House.  Once we received our beers, we asked her to place another order for another round of beers because we figured that we would receive our 2nd set of beers just as we finished our first ones.  It worked!  If ya plan on having another beer, be sure to place an order as soon as the first beers arrive so that you don't hafta wait long for your second beer.  I think the night was best portrayed by a sneak peek that I got of the owner- he was rubbing his temples and obviously under stress. I am inclined to give them a star or two more once the timing has improved.  Great building, good ambiance, wonderful patio (hope it's pet friendly), excellent location and a good selection of beers.  Oh, I like the idea of three bathroom choices instead of the typical two.
3	I need to stop reviewing places in their opening week.  I have a few points of constructive criticism for Angels Trumpet - but they also have all my support and love.  The design is fabulous and I don't feel like I'm in a manly man's beer haus - its clean and modern and fresh with a bit of mid-century thrown in. The large patio is off to great start and I can picture a nice fire-pit with some lounge furniture out there! I adore the concept of a constantly rotating beer selection (and I'm not just talking seasonally - they throw new ones in all the time!) but it makes it difficult to have a physical menu in person.  They have a huuuge chalkboard of their current beers that you are supposed to look at, but as I was sitting off to the side (and have bad eyes) it was a bit difficult to see and I had to stand awkwardly for 3 minutes in front of the chalkboard to make my decision. The service is still...new.  The garden pizza was perfectly...fine.  There was a bit confusion at the end between The Chet (a sandwich) and The Check (our bill) which resulted in a free sandwich. I will without a doubt try Angels Trumpet in the near future and look forward to them working out some of those new business kinks!
5	This is another great addition to places to hangout in downtown phoenix. The owners are super nice and the space is great. Lots of excellent beer on tap and the food is really good. The even have a few Vegan options and they are very yummy.
3	We arrived around 5pm on their first Saturday night. Bar was full but there were some open spots along the high tops along the windows. The beer list was amazing and, props for using correct glassware for each beer. The reason for the 3 stars was the food. We started out with the chicken wings. I always use these as a barometer for a place that calls itself an ale house. They were served hot, but dry. Three accompanying sauces were served (Ranch?/Some sort of light cinnamon flavored/  and a Tabasco-like spicy one). Unfortunately all 3 sauces failed. Please don't try and re invent the wheel and  don't try and fancy-up wings. Would never order these again. We then split the roasted beet and arugula salad. The roasted beets were fabulous and just the right amount of crumbles. We did not particularly care for the metal plate the salad was served on, as both of us kept getting that metal on metal scrapping feeling when we dug into it. The service was friendly and prompt, our waitress was helpful, although had no idea what we were talking about when we asked about sour ales. I asked because an article had mentioned that it was a favorite of one of the owners. We would go back for a few beers, maybe try something else small off the menu, but at this point I would be hesitant to order a full meal or bring a bunch of people in to eat.
4	I am sold the flights of beer!  6 samples of craft beers in one setting will sell me every time.  Exploring craft beers can be a tricky game...we've all ordered a beer that didn't fit our palette and you have to WORK your way thru it.  I explored 3 styles of beers I'd never tried and then finished with 3 favorites to satisfy the taste buds.There was a nice variety of food on the menu.  They have an interesting take on wings with the sauce on the side. Tried one of the salads which was tasty, but left you a little hungry...especially since it was the same price as the wings.  That moved us onto the Sweet Potato Tacos, which area little more like empanadas, but really tasty with a pesto dipping sauce.Living in the southwest for so long I'd like to some type of hot sauce on the table or a homemade concoction to bring the heat.The noise is a little loud, but they'll get the acoustics figured out.  The openness of the floor plan and windows will make it a great year round place for a pint.  It's smack dab in the middle of the Evans Churchill district which is great for a pub crawl
3	Living so close to this ale house is awesome... gives us a new option in the downtown Phoenix area.  We peddled on over to Angels Trumpet Ale House and noticed a BOATLOAD of bicycles chained together at Angels Trumpet Ale House and across the street at FilmBar's bike rack.  I think they need a larger bike rack... like a large parking lot sized bike rack.  I was worried when I first walked in because there were many people standing at the entrance... but we got right in and were seated (this was a little before 9 on a Friday).  I liked the energy of the place... and how excited the imbibers seemed, however I'm torn... I want to rate it a full four, but then I thought of the loudness and also the "ok" food.  I wasn't looking for an intimate evening with my man, but yes, I realized I was shouting after a while.  I saw the overwhelmingly large selection of craft brews on the large chalk board... and really neat looking taps.I went up to the board and figured out which ones I wanted and got a flight.  I don't drink tons of beer... but I enjoy craft brews.  I did take a peek at their wine selection and was disappointed to see no local wines.  This is a running disappointment for me... but that's for another rant.  But I made my selections and we got a taco appetizer.  The tacos were okay... but the chimichuri was REALLY good.  I found a new love... I REALLY liked the Hazelnut beer.  I'm definitely going back for that one.  I picked a few that weren't totally to my liking... but others that were.  I really like trying a few different flavors.  We ordered the white flatbread pizza... which was a little better than okay.  I don't think it was bad, I just know that I've had better flatbreads in downtown.  Not to say I won't have another... or I won't try some other food there... I've just had better.So  I'd probably give this a 3.5, because I want to support anything downtown.  I think there are some kinks that need to be worked out... nothing horrendous.  I'm glad to see more local businesses down here.  It warms my heart.  Yay downtown!
2	I'm going to preface this by saying that my friends really loved this place. They defended it over and over again as I complained like a b*tchy baby until I got my way to first move our seat to the outside area and then to another location.What I did enjoy was the outside area and that there are many good options of beer.What I absolutely hated was the inside. It is bright. It is ridiculously loud with absolutely every patron's conversation smushed into one loud, mush of a noise. It just has a cold, harsh feeling to it. I felt like I was in a cafeteria. Or Ikea. Ultimately, I think I'll return with friends from time to time, but only if we sit outside. Luckily, the weather is going to be great very soon, so that shouldn't be a problem.
4	We went on the unofficial opening night and the place was packed! The owner was at the door greeting everyone as they walked through and we randomly got a free beer, which made for a really nice bonus! The atmosphere is really cool and laid back and you cant go wrong with their beer selection. A little pricey, but worth if for the beers on tap. I cant wait to go back!
3	I hope it gets better.  It took nearly an hour to get our food and when we did 2 of the 3 plates we ordered were cold and one of them "the nutter" didn't have the extras that we ordered on it.   The lamb sandwich had a good taste but again was cold and the bread took some sawing to get a bite sized piece.  A bit overpriced for what you get.  4 beers an appetizer and 2 sandwiches set us back $63 not including tip.  Service was friendly but very slow.   I really want to like this place, especially since it's in the hood  but as of now I have mixed feelings.   I will probably give it another shot in a month or two.
5	Came here on a sat night at 1125 and there was still a good crowd, not packed/crowded. We were greeted by a very nice lady who informed us that there was only 5 min until last call, but if we decided to stay then we would get served immediately. And we did! Our server was prompt, friendly, and knowledgable about all the different beers they had. The beer that is on tap changes everyday, giving a great variety to choose from. Great ambiance, excellent customer service, I highly recommend checking it out.
3	This place is pretty cool, not sure about the food.  When we got there it was not even 6pm and our server told us they were out of Spud Tacos and he would let us know how long before they made more.  We got a flight of beers.  I only liked 2 of the six he selected.  I am not a beer drinker, I like them light and not too hoppy or lemony.  After about 20 minutes we saw another server and asked her to inquire how long before the Spud Tacos were available again.  She came back and said 45 minutes, wow.  How long does it take to cook sweet potatoes in their kitchen?  We were not going to wait for them and we were glad because I read the review on the New Times about an hour later and it was not glowing.  I think this place has potential.  It is a little bit too noisy, I think they should consider putting some noise absorbing tiles.
5	Great, Great, Great. Did I mention Great? What a cool spot, I'm sure to be a regular. It's located right across the street from Filmbar on 2nd st and Just South of Roosevelt. I LOVE the huge selection of beers. I did the sampler, which cost a measly $9 and allowed me to try 6 beers (around 4 oz each). 3 of the beers were great, 3 I hated, but that's the bonus in getting a flight! I also had a sausage sampler with housemade chorizo, some germain sausage and wild boar sausage. All of it was awesome. it was served with housemade ketchup, a fwe mustards, grilled onions and some potatoes. I can't wait to go back and get the same plate. Awesome ambiance, I was suprised how bright and airy the interior was.
3	Pros - Great beer selection, constantly changing, and you can tell the owners have a serious passion for the topic. Beer Flight from anything on the board is a tasty treat for experienced beer drinkers, or a nice way for less serious drinkers to explore.The food was good. The building itself is interesting on the inside, and has a fun vibe overall.Yay for a new place in downtown Phoenix, especially next to the great FilmBar!Cons - The servers don't seem to know much about the beer. We had to order by number because our server was so confused. This might get fixed with experience and training, but I would expect an "alehouse" to at least nail this out of the gate.The menu has some glitches yet, which our server warned us about. It took multiple trips to the kitchen to figure out which food they had/didn't have. Kind of took the fun out of trying to pair our beers with our meals.Main building was so noisy we could barely hear anyone our table. Outside wasn't an option because it was pitch black. So if you go at night, you get to see or hear everyone else in your party, but probably not both.Parking Lot is a trap. We watched seven cars in a row pull in, realize there was nowhere to go, then back out onto the street to find street parking. Surprised there was no accident.In spite of being told no smoking on the patio, several people were smoking and none of the servers or managers seemed to care. So is smoking allowed or not? Who knows. Mildly annoying by itself, but I think an example of the bigger problem that not everyone here is on the same page yet. Your visit will likely vary widely depending on when you go and who takes care of you.I had an okay time, but have no desire to return. Giving them 3 stars because I love their idea and love to see something new downtown, and hope others try them out while they work to raise their game.
4	Simplistic design. Perfect location. Amazing beer selection! Not sure what to try? Order a flight! Six good sized samples that will probably rock your world if you've got a taste for beer! The food menu looks pretty impressive as well but we haven't tried any of the dishes yet. The only bad thing i have to say about the place is that it seems like most of the servers don't know much about the beers they are selling... You have to order by the tap number... I tried ordering by name and on both occasions two seperate servers replied "huh?" and looked really confused. Get some real beer afficianados serving to make it a better experience. Welcome to the neighborhood and good luck! It's nice to have a beer bar downtown who's owners have a true passion for craft beer!
4	I cannot wait to go back!Not only is ATAH close to the casa, it is on my home from work, and even provides a safe alternative to the gut-wrenching traffic that is the I-10. I have become a huge supporter of the beer world over he past year. And to find a place so close to home with the great revolving selection that they have is very exciting. They are all decently priced too, the percs of having an all tap system, you can control pour amount so that the beer is affordable. All beers are $5 or $6 a glass. I love their presentation of the beer flights; served in little glasses that fit neatly inside a muffin tin. So cool! And at only $9 each you can try anything you like before committing to a full beer. You know me.... miss patio lover.... their patio is huge and looks very inviting, only thing that I hope they can remedy.... some kind of canopy or shade, cuz at happyhour the sun is in the perfect place to irritate you. I hope they are ready for First Friday this week.... they are right int he heart of the art fest. Make sure to stop in and have a beer.I have yet to try the food, but I hear great things. Update to come....
2	Visited here a week after they opened. Cool atmosphere and loved the finishes inside the place. The server was friendly but it took us 50 minutes to get our two beers we ordered! The beer list is located at the back of the bar which was a little difficult to see honestly from all the tables.  I would say the food was just so-so and seemed greasy to me.  We tried the spud tacos (a little blah and lacked a whole lot of flavor),  the avocado salad (which had greens that were extremely bitter and three small pieces of grapefruit) and the 810 sandwich (which had okay flavor but was greasy). In total, our dinner, took nearly two hours! Luckily I was not in a rush that evening or I would have been extremely frustrated. Hopefully they'll get the kinks worked out as they are open longer but I can't say I'll be going back.
4	One of the newest places in town and it's already one of the best.  The beer selection is most impressive and the largest I have seen in Phoenix.  Some local, some independent brew and lots from Germany and Belgium.  I'm told the selection will always change a bit.  When one keg runs empty it will be replaced in back with a different selection on hand.  Expect to see some variance each visit.The food menu boasted some interesting selections and they've made an effort to put unique selections or spins on traditional bar fare.  I tried the Spam sliders.  They were okay but that's all on me.  I learned I did not care for Spam too much.  Went for something new and wasn't too pleased but I live and learn.  I know there are items on the menu I would surely enjoy.Service was great: quick and friendly.To top it off, Angels Trumpet Ale House sells growlers!  Awesome.  Come in and enjoy and leave with a growler of your favorite beer.  Keep in mind the growler selection may not be open to everything on the menu.Located across the street from FilmBar, this is in a great location and can easily be incorporated into a fun night out.  Angels Trumpet Ale House will become one of my regular haunts along with FilmBar and Revolver Records.
4	This place is pretty awesome. If my future experiences are anything like my experience last night, this place would be a definite five star. I went with the BF and a couple of friends and we were seated right away (around 9 ish). The bar was hopping. Our server knew a lot about beer and we each gave him a description of what we liked and he picked beer for us. It was awesome! He clearly likes his job and is very good at it. They also have a neat way of doing flights, they have a piece of paper with 6 circles on it. You put the number of the beer you want to try in each circle (and there are like 30+ choices.....ah mazing!). They bring out the six fairly large sample sizes in a muffin tin (cute idea!). We got two flights and tried some crazy beers...a lot of beers none of us had ever tried before. It was also cool that the beers were changing throughout the night...like when one keg ran out, they replaced it with something totally new. We didn't have any food, but it smelled and looked good. The ambiance is comfortable...they have an open wall out to the outside and tables throughout. It is a large bar and has plenty of seating. I will definitely be back!
3	Hmm. Really struggling to decide what to rate this place. That said, here are the highlights.The building is really cool. Open concept with wood, tile, and brick. The beer selection is large and rotates during the night. Crowd as good as well. Pretty crowded.Taking all that into consideration here are the lowlights. The staff does not seem to be very knowledgeable about the beers they serve. Our waitress said that one of our choices was good choice. When we asked what was good about the beer she followed up "I am not sure. I have not actually tasted that beer". Just odd. Also, the system by which the update the beer list is a bit slow. We asked about a few beers. They turned out to be out of them. All in all, I would definitely go back. Hopefully, they get the kinks worked out of the system.
4	I have to give the 5 plus stars for the utterly amazing selection of craft brews on tap. I stared at the chalk board menu completely dumbfounded and paralyzed by indecision and it took me a few minutes to settle on the Full Sail Amber which was delicious (though you can'r really go wrong with Full Sail, can you?)The minimal-artsy decor makes it right at home in the downtown arts district and the bar and layout make for a loud, lively atmosphere. I don't think I'll be coming here for meetings because the place is very loud and the beer is just too damned distracting.  It reminds me of the lovechild of Postino and Lux, with Bliss and Lost Leaf as the step-parents. The crowd seems to be a mix of the downtown artsy folks, some of the ASU crowd and the post-work working crowd such as yours truly.They have a LOVELY patio with beautiful grass and meticulously groomed plants that I would have LOVED to trample on and destroy when I was a kid. This is PERFECT now that the weather is hopefully cooling down....at least at night.It is a shame that smoking is not allowed on the patio, it is sizeable enough and it makes me sad that I cannot enjoy my beer while indulging my filthy habit. Other than that, the staff are friendly and enthusiastic and the wings look amazing so I think this is going to be a great addition to downtown.
5	So, I have now been here twice and have had a great experience both times.    Also, both times I brought my seven year old son with me.   (Yes, I am one of those people who think it's totally appropriate to drink a beer in public in front of my child......) So...plusses:  - huge selection of beer and the flight option is nice - you get to taste so many!  And who doesn't love it when beer comes in an adorable muffin tin?- Food was very tasty!   My son had the buffalo dog and said it was the best hot dog he had ever had.   I'm vegetarian and didn't have trouble finding anything on the menu.  -Fun atmosphere, great decor, large patio Minus - The brunch menu today was limited.  My son REALLY wanted a buffalo dog today - in fact, he chose the location because of it - and he was very sad that it wasn't on the menu.   Extra plus:- Excellent service!  They made my son a buffalo dog today at brunch, even though it wasn't supposed to be available today.We will be returning on a regular basis!
5	Wow! What a great place! Went on Sunday , Labor Day weekend, and it was busy, lively , and full of character. if someone told me there is a better place for enjoying a great selection of beer,  I would be very skeptical.  The micro brewery selection is incredible! After a long night of enjoying many of our favorite places along the light rail, we stopped in to try some beers. Jeannie isn't a beer drinker, but thoroughly enjoyed her on tap wine! Our beers were tasty and the spam sliders were the perfect late night snack . Count us in as fans!
2	I was not a particular fan of this place. Went on a Friday evening after work. A friend wanted to try it because we always enjoy supporting new, local places.They do have a very large selections of beer but the process is very confusing. All of the beers on tap are written on a very large chalkboard above the bar. They use several different colors of chalk for each selection making it very hard to read. It may be easier if they pick one color of chalk for each type of beer, that way it is easy to find what you want. Or have #1-5 be one type of beer, #6-10 another and so on. My boyfriend spent so long trying to find a beer on the board because of this. Two of our friends were so overwhelmed with the way the selections were presented they just asked the server to surprise them with a choice. The acoustics in the place are terrible. It was so loud inside that it was hard to carry on a conversation at the table. Also, no happy hour. This would be a great way to draw in an after work crowd.
5	Simply awesome! Great beer and great staff! Will try the food next time! Only complaint is a bartender named Adrianne she is crazy! Ha! GThe food was excellent from the great hard boiled egg dish to the peanut butter and jelly with banana and marshmallow fluff oh and add bacon.  Elvis just did a sommersault in his grave.  The sandwiches are not huge but they are all made like the beer served and the people hosting, of finest quality!  Really enjoyed and will spread the word!
3	I loved the beer selection!My feedback is that the inside seating is quite noisy.  We were fortunate enough to be there on a beautiful evening so we could take advantage of the patio.  I plan to do that again.  I don't think my evening would have been nearly as enjoyable sitting indoors, as there seems to be nothing to absorb the sound.Waitress was a little slow getting around, and we had to wait a bit for our tab. I will be returning for a social event this week, hopefully I'll be able to have a 4 or 5 star experience, in which case I'll upgrade my rating.
3	Don't let my 3 stars fool you.....I am actually a pretty big fan of this place and look forward to returning. I have been twice but the experiences were different, hence the 3 stars. The first time I went with my husband and we were seated at one of the community tables. They asked us if we were okay with that and it is was fine. The more the merrier! I had a glass of their rose wine and ordered their salad that came with avocados, grapefruit, beets, mint, arugula, goat cheese, and a orange vinaigrette. I asked them to leave off the grapefruit, beets, and add salami. I thoroughly enjoyed it, wow! However, the second time I had it, I ordered it the exact same way (but for take-out instead), and when I ate it, it was way too tart. I could barely eat it which stunk because I was really looking forward to having it again. Other than that, i liked the environment. It is really chill, I loved all of the windows which brought alot of light into the restaurant. I will definitely go back especially since it has become a fave among my husband and friends.
3	Love the location and spot.  The patio area will be a huge draw now that the weather is finally good.  The food is meh.  The beer selection is great with a large chalkboard you can order from.  The main room is noisy (which a good ale house should be really) but I was really hoping the food would be tastier.  It's an eclectic menu, pizzas and spam sliders.  Things seemed to have been put on their randomly which is fine if puzzling.  The spam sliders are tasty and worth the fat and sodium bomb that they are.  The pizzas are a bit lacking but the salads are well done.  All in all, great place to see friends, just don't come super hungry :)
5	I met a girlfriend for brunch at Angels this past Sunday. We shared a beer flight to figure out what one we would like to commit to. They had this one beer on draft that day that was a honey basil ale, oh my gosh! I never thought basil and beer would be good together, but wow amaze!The brunch menu is small, but everything looked and sounded good. We ordered the quiche (its different every time) with squash, zucchini and goat cheese very yummy! and also split the burrito with churrizo in it. They both have specific names, but I don't remember, doesn't matter, they were yummy! After finishing our beers and some chatting we ordered the Pop Tart (home made) for dessert...... all I can say is.... Life changing! Pretty much the best thing I have eaten in awhile. You have to get one! I can't wait to check out the regular menu though still.... there is a brussle sprout flat bread on it...... I love brussle sprouts, and duh who doesn't love pizza, it's gotta be out of this world. If you try it let me know what you think.
4	Loved the atmosphere here, and the beer list isn't too shabby, either. Boasting around 30 taps, and most are not just your local beers like SanTan and Four Peaks like a lot of bars around the area. This place has a great selection, especially if you are a beer snob like me. For the food, we only tried dessert, but the homemade pop-tarts are amazing! Don't leave without trying some. The rest of the menu looked good as well, and we'll definitely be back to try more.
3	Went there Sunday for lunch. Very nice beer selection. Menu for lunch is very small.  Not sure why for a Sunday with games on TV, why isn't there some finger food? Simple platter with some chips,peanuts,olives,wings...??? Definite minus. Waitress were very nice but seemed a bit confused and/or slow. The cook screwed up  the order which took even longer to rectify.  Why do you call everything with a funny name? Just call it a burrito since this is how the waitress is going to explain it to the customer anyway....Last, it was about have way full and the noise level was high. Can't imagine how high it gets when they are full. Must look into putting some form of noise abatement.
2	Angels received two stars only because it has a great draft beer selection.  Poor ownership/management decision to have last call @ 10:30 on a Thursday night and crappy acoustics ruin this place.  Downtown Phoenix has been dying to have a place like this.  So extend the hours of operation and install acoustics please!
4	Good selection of beer.  Not as seasonal as I would have expected, but fun nonetheless.  (Also, they need to get some sours!)  Great way to taste some brews before you stop by the specialty shop and spend $10-20 on a bottle.  Food is very very good - but make no mistake, this is an alehouse, not a restaurant, so the menu is small.  Also, the menu is for foodsies, so if you're more of a burger and fries kind of person, eat before you come.  If you love creative dishes with ingredients like prosciutto or chorizo, you'll like eating here.  Will be back many times, I'm sure.
4	Love this new place in downtown Phoenix!  The atmosphere is really cool; however, the acoustics are not good (only negative about this place).  The service was extremely friendly and helpful with recommendations.  The food was quite good and reasonably priced too...check out the grilled cheese and the chet - both delicious!
4	Went on this past Wednesday evening for the first time. They have a small private lot but it was full when I got there at 4pm. There's plenty of street parking around, both paid and free, so you might have to walk a few yards.The beer menu is a giant chalkboard on one wall. They are numbered for easy ordering and seemed a pretty varied selection. I tried the Moa Breakfast from Moa Brewing, New Zealand and a strawberry blonde from The Brewery in Pine, Arizona. Both were good and very fresh tasting. My dad tried three different IPAs and a couple samples of various beers; he liked them all. I'm do not like IPAs at all but they have plenty of hops-free selections. I was a little sad at their lack of ciders - I was hoping for find a place when at least one new cider on tap but they only had one - Woodchuck - which is good but hardly difficult to find (you can buy a 6-pack of their many varieties at most grocery stores). I also got the Churchill Grilled Cheese and their "home made" "Pop Tarts". The grilled cheese is mozzarella and fontina cheese, honey, house pesto, and I added bacon for an additional $1. The tarts were more akin to "toaster strudels" and were really good - the flavour of the day/week was grape. The only major problem (which has been mentioned in a few reviews) are the acoustics. When we first arrived, it wasn't bad because it wasn't that busy but by 6pm, it was full and I had to just about yell across our small table to be able to talk to my dad. Not really a place for conversation. 5 beers, 2 meals, and dessert all came to $70 with a nice tip. A little pricier than I like to go for a dinner but alcohol will easily add up. Nevertheless, I would definitely come back for the selection and the food. Definitely a place to try out when looking for a small, local eatery downtown.
4	I have been back to Angel's Trumpet quite a few times since my original visit and they continue to improve!! The waitstaff has been very helpful and friendly, and although they (understandly) can't speak with authority about all of their beers, they were always willing to get me one of the owners - who are beer gurus - to answer my questions.  I finally got to try a sour/wild beer on tap!! The weather is so nice this time of year, and I love it when they have their big garage door open - which also helps the sound level quite a bit. The homemade poptart is a fantastic, fluffly, baked puffed pastry with delicious filling and cream cheese frosting - think a gormet toaster strudle.  The ketchup is very interesting since it is made in-house and its nice to actually taste that tomato flavor.  I NEED to try their fluffernutter (peanut butter + marshmall fluff) next.
5	GO TO THIS PLACE.Tucked away in a little residential-esque building, Angels Trumpet Ale House is the coolest new place in RoRo to grab some brews. I went here with my older brother on a Friday after work and the place was popping. Strolled through the door (whose handle is an entire broomstick, wicked cool looking) and grabbed a table by the big bay windows over looking the patio. Not quite full yet but within 20 minutes the place was full and the patio was too. People really like this place. The beer was good, I got a cider and it was very tasty. We weren't THAT hungry so we split the Meat Treat  pizza and it was BOMB. The bacon was nice and crunchy and the veggies weren't slimy or overwhleming like they tend to be on flat bread pizza. I cannot wait to go back here, especially this fall when the patio (which overlooks dowtown PHX) is nice and cool and enjoy plenty o drinks.
5	Two fleets of 6 6oz beer tastings, a stolen slice of pizza, and a drunken hastily written flirtatious note to the waitress later and I am Angel's Trumpet Ale House newest fan. Expect to see a lot more of this ugly mug, cause ATAH- you're on notice!
5	Delicious food (The Chet! The Game On! The Chocolate Chip Cookies!), an outstanding beer selection, and a very friendly staff.  Unlike some of the other Yelpers, I found the beer selection process intuitive and the staff knowledgeable.  I'd recommend the tasting flight so you can sample 6 beers - for $9 a great deal.  The only thing I would change would be some sort of noise insulation as when it is busy, it can get really loud.  But an excellent place over all. Go for weekend brunch!
3	My roomie chose Angels as her jumping off point on her birthday weekend. They have a pretty awesome beer selection! I had a couple Belgian beers, which were both very good. Too bad I can't remember their names... Blame the cocktails I had at subsequent bar stops. ;)  I digress.... They write the beer selection on a GIANT chalkboard behind the bar and it is ever-changing as the beers run out and new ones are tapped. Most of our group ordered food and everything looked really tasty.  I tried a friend's sweet potato tacos; sounds unique and they are! Deep fried tacos full of sweet potato and mild spices; tasty!  Bf ordered a meat flatbread... This thing was larger than expected and a great deal for $10. He picked the meat off a piece for me to try and it was quite yummy. The sauce is a roasted tomato and gave the flatbread a great layer of flavor. They also have a great big back patio... It was a little too warm for our group to sit out there, but over the next month I imagine it will be a really great place to chill with friends and enjoy some brew.  =)  Hope to return soon!
5	Angel's Trumpet Ale House is the perfect addition to the growing Phoenix beer scene. In fact, I've been waiting (with beer-baited breath) for some time now for this place to open, even following the building process on their Facebook page, because it is a great downtown destination for a quality beer after work. With FilmBar right across the street, this block is possibly morphing into one of the coolest parts of town.Let's talk about the beer. I like the rotating 31 flavors (or is it 32?). Either way, it's more fun than being a kid at Baskin-Robbins, eyeballing the beer selection as one barrel is emptied and another unusual selection takes its place. Sometimes I think it would be better if they had a standard line-up of six beers or so, as it takes some effort to pick a beer that suits your mood. There's a lot of information to absorb from the giant list including brewery, region, beer name, beer style, etc. and many of the beer styles are fairly exotic. However, it is a great beer adventure...The food at Angel's Trumpet is some good stuff too. I had to try The Nutter after reading a review of this place in a local paper. Get this: peanut butter, bananas, raspberry-chipotle jam PLUS housemade marshmellow fluff and peppered bacon! This was a fabulous grilled sandwich experience you're not likely to encounter elsewhere. The pizzas and Asian-style wings were also pretty damn tasty, so I think they've got all the right elements any respectable alehouse should have.My only gripe (yet not enough to give them less than five stars) was that it was not made clear that a 20% gratuity would be added to my bill automatically. We started as a group of four that grew to about eight, and the staff was incredibly accommodating. I ended up tipping 20% (on top of the already-included 20%) for my meal, which made things a little pricier than I had anticipated. I want this place to succeed, so I don't feel too bad about over-tipping, I just think they need to mention the automatic gratuity for parties over a certain size.
2	I've been there on off nights and now on a Friday night.  I was optimistic about liking this place, but now I just don't want to go there.  It fails in every important regard except pretense.It tries to be semi-fancy with a Bauhaus style minimalist interior decor, carefully plated dainty portions, but the service is abysmal.  Tables are packed in as tight as they can be fit and it's very difficult to move between them.Friday, friends mostly got drinks from the bar and the whole evening, no one came by our table -- not even once.  Yet going to the bar is battle.  It's more like a college bar on game night.  I watched for 20 minutes as the bartenders huddled around the two restaurant computer terminals, waiting their turn and talking, running in and out, avoiding making eye contact with anyone, and occasionally turning around and randomly serving who happened to be right there.  By bad luck, I watched two sets of people surrounding the whole bar get served and didn't get served myself.  You could tell me to suck it up, but I know that in bars on corners, in sketchy music halls, dives, and nicer places, all over Phoenix, there are bartenders who know how to manage crowds with grace.  Good servers are hard to find, especially when you're apparently hiring based on looks.  They have a bunch of inexperienced kids.  While waiting at the bar for 20 minutes, I was asked approximately six times to move so that dirty dishes could be unloaded in front of me, or a server could squeeze by behind or in front of me, but at no point, despite me gesticulating and trying to make eye contact, was I offered a beer.  At no visit on any night has the wait staff been professional or competent.  I imagine ever trying to ask questions about what's on tap or what's coming in would be met with awkward confusion.  This is what I expect of  Mill Avenue on a Friday night.I love beer and I especially love good beer, and this establishment is on in a long string of places opening up across the valley that pretends to deal in that.  Another reviewer complained that they were confused by the beers and their hard to pronounce names, which is funny, because they've taken the step of numbering all of the taps and having people order by number.  The wait staff doesn't know the names of the beers or anything about them either.  And the beers are almost entirely non-extraordinary.  It's mostly stuff that you can get at Safeway in a bottle, year round, which admitted is better than some places with lots of taps where most of the taps are Coors, Bud, etc (that's the only star this place gets from me).  It's not that the beers are bad per se, but things like Oak Creek Brewing Company's Nutbrown and Four Peaks Brewing's Kiltlifter are $5 beers.  Those are also the sort of beer that's often on happy hour.  They're fine drinkin' beers, but charging $7 for them and being uppity about it only makes them seem better to people who have no idea what's going on.  This makes the facade of snottiness but actual ignorance, and the other reviewer's consternation, even more amusing. A bar behind a Walmart attached to an ice hockey den in my neighborhood, the Icehouse Tavern, has better beers and a better selection, though in bottles.  The Icehouse Tavern also has chill, friendly service that's expertly executed.  Wound-be hipsters looking to enjoy a good beer and praise an interesting venue would do well to go there instead.  Boulders on Broadway in Tempe has better beers on tap and friendly, sane service, even when it's crazy.  Popago Brewing in Scottsdale has better beers on tap and knows theirs beers and though the service isn't fantastic, it's genuine and they know their stuff.  Taste of Tops in Tempe is five stars across the board -- beer, service, ambiance (okay, maybe only four on ambiance -- but still vastly better).  The Filmbar across the street from Angel's Trumpet has some good beers and ambiance and feels a lot less like a college bar where the inexperienced serve the inexperienced in droves.  The Roosevelt, not far away, though often packed, has great ambiance (it's an old brick house in a historic neighborhood), some good beers, though fewer taps, and significantly more accomplished servers.Places like Angels Trump House are able to pack a crowd, but that's it.  They do a disservice to good beer by pretentiously, rudely, and amateurishly serving mostly mediocre brews.  As an apparently independent outfit, I would expect better, not worse, than miserable, cynical attempts at beer snobbery for the sake of it, such as Yard House.  I fear that places like this will just keep awesome establishments that deal in craft beer from setting up in Phoenix.
4	Okay....so my first experience there...I couldn't drink. Damn.  But the beer looked amazing.  Next time!  Food:  I had the smoked chicken legs and seasonal vegetables.  Chicken was really good, a tad dry (but this is likely due to smoking then grilling) and the veggies were spot on delicious and a great variety of carrots, parsnips, and butternut squash.  They meant seasonal and took it seriously....and seasoned them well too!  Pricing: Food--everything was about under $15; flight of beer $9....good prices in my  book.Space:  Looks great!  Very modern and clean, but the outstanding use of wood butcherblock furniture and what appears to be upcycled wood for wall decor warms the place up.Cons: Not a lot to drink if you aren't drinking beers. No coffee, no club soda, no iced tea.  Only offer a handful of wines. They do have a soda fountain somewhere.  I get it. It's a craft brew pub.  No mixed drinks. Only serve the frothy and fermented.  I support that.  But have some decent non-alcoholic bevvys on hand: iced tea, sparkling waters, and good coffee.  You don't need an espresso bar, just a good machine with a high-quality bean, and someone who knows how to make that work.  I'll go back!
4	I went to Angels Trumpet with my husband (G) last week for dinner and drinks. For the most part, I really liked the place. It looks like an office building from the outside and from the inside, it looks like a cozy place to grab a bite to eat and a beer. Their beer selection is pretty awesome and featured on a chalkboard on the back wall.I ordered the Fall Cider by Woodchuck and the grilled cheese sandwich dinner. The cider was delicious and perfectly chilled. The grilled cheese was SO good! I love the fact that they put mint on it - so unique and surprisingly tasty! The fries were not that great because they seemed to be a bit undercooked.G's meal was a burger (if memory serves) and the "chips". He said they were both good.So, what we both didn't like were the awful chairs. They are wooden slats and very uncomfortable to sit on for any length of time. The place was only about 1/4 full and we couldn't hear each other even though we were sitting directly across from one another. The place has to do something about the acoustics - it is far too loud to be able to carry on a conversation. And, the only other negative was the lighting. Instead of real overhead lighting, they have gone with tiny candles on the tables. It was too dark to read the menu unless you had it right up against the table.Other than those issues, the place was great!
3	Great beer selection but the waiter was not really knowledgable. The place became totally packed which is crazy for a Tuesday night. As we looked around we noticed that while everyone had a brew in front of them not many had ordered any food. We found out why when they brought our orders out. My smokin' legs were more like burnt-to-a-crisp and the veggies spread out over the french fries were limp and tasteless. It was my first time here but my friends had decided to give the kitchen another chance cuz they had the same culinary experience the previous weekWe'll probably be back for the beer but someone should fire the cook! Ugh.
2	OMG - I hate writing this review for I've heard so much about this place!  We've been meaning to check out this place since it opened especially since the Roosevelt had closed.  We had family visiting over the long Columbus Day holiday and needed a night out with just the two of us especially since it was my birthday!  We even left Grandpa at home to try this place by ourselves!  When we arrived we walked into a "please seat yourself sign."  Hard to "seat yourself" when the place is packed.  We finally was offered a table at the back per a group who graciously gave up their table for friends who were a no show.  This was a table with a perfect window view of behind the scenes of the keg taps.  We waited about 12 minutes or so before a "waiter" felt bad for us to ask if we had ordered yet.  We asked for a drink menu only to be told we should have either looked at it on the way in or take a step outside to see it!  We told him what we wanted to drink and he said he would do the best to match our needs.  We get our drinks and the menu looked good and we figured out what we wanted to order but then another 15 minutes went by without any waiter attention and we decided to head off to another local place that we knew we would get better service.  We were forced to simply leave a $10 bill on the table for no one every came back to check on us and we promptly made our way to the door!!!!  I don't think we will be making our way back here anytime soon, we really should give this place a 1/2 star but we liked what they did with the place ;o).
5	Its as good as it gets when it comes to beer selection.  And not just a lot of beers like some places, I've been in multiple times and been really surprised by at least a few of the 31 crafts each visit, which change constantly.Food is good as well.  Mushroom Stroganoff burger is great.  The Meat Treat pizza was good but not the best pizza.  We started with the Spud Taco's, which I really liked...a very tasty treat.Overall, you don't need to be looking for unique beer to enjoy this as the atmosphere is nice and the food is much better than average.  But if you are looking for a beer selection like no other...and $9 flights of 6 generous pours...this is the place to be.
4	Loved this place! Went with a group and stayed longer than I should have because it was so fab. I loved the open feel and casual set up. My BF was sooooo excited they had a local brew (Vermonster) from near his hometown. Score for the day! The service staff was great and helpful with suggestions and tastes. Visit this spot- you won't be disappointed.
4	After our first visit a week after opening, it was obvious that there were some kinks to work out. The first visit, I was impressed by the beer selection. It was wonderful and definitely lead to our second visit. The misses to me the first go around were the food and the noise level. The outdoor patio was also very dark. The lighting was better for the second visit, but I have yet to retry the food. I got the pizza but wasn't impressed. Just an odd flavor paring. The noise level wasn't as bad this time, but that could have been because it wasn't as busy and  opening the doors also helped. Can't wait to get back for more good beer and great patio weather soon.
2	Pretty solid selection of craft beersService is weak.Prices are too high.As a home brewer and craft beer lover I was really exited about this place opening.Their selection of draft beers is pretty good, but on all three of my visits I experienced very poor service. Each time I've taken a seat at the bar and have had to flag down the bartender to ask for a menu and ask for a another round all while there has been only a handful of people in the place. I know that they've only been open a couple of months but this place needs to fix these issues if it's going to stick around. Come off your prices at least a buck for each specific pour and offer a happy hour. You're in the wrong locale to command such high prices.
3	I was here with a group for Smunch on Sunday.  Nice thing about a group is you get to try more than one dish.  All of them were OK.  It seemed liked the biggest hit was a scramble with wild game, that week it was boar.  I had a fish cake Benedict, that week the fish was cod.  It was good. Of interest to note: the fish cake was both the protein and the base.  With a group of 8 you would think the food would come out in a 5-10 minute window.  Actually it was more than a 20 minute window.  The waitress was pretty attentive most of the time but a couple of times we had to flag her down.  Two of us drinking coffee had to ask for a refill.The beer wall gets it own paragraph.  For good reason.   There are something like 30+ beers on tap plus a few wines on tap.  All of them are listed on the wall with a bit of description and their alcohol content.  Some of them are pretty potent.  You can get a flight of 6 sample glasses for $9, you pick which 6 you want to try by filling out a card, which comes back with the flight so you remember what is in each glass.I wasn't really impressed with the space.  I liked the look but as many have noted it gets pretty noisy as it fills up.
5	such a great place! cool atmosphere, GREAT food and GREAT service! I'm not a huge beer drinker.....so I was super happy that in addition to their plentiful craft beer list, they also had craft wine! My husband and I will definitely be back!
1	OK I gave this place the benefit of the doubt by visiting a second time but when we visited for lunch they still continue to have major issues with the place. Our food order was once again messed up as it was the previous time we visited. The server also knew little to nothing about the beers they had on tap.  I think it is bizarre that when four people order food at the same time that the kitchen cannot expedite everything so that everyone gets served at the same time.
4	This place has a really chill, almost a hipster feel to the place (normal for downtown PHX).  All the servers are "cool" and no one is in a big hurry.  We split this steak sandwich with fries and we also split a flight of 6 beers to get an idea of what we'd order as our "real" drink.  I ended up ordering the Old Chub (Scottish Ale) and it was dark and amaze balls.  I enjoyed the beer and the food was average but definitely homemade so I would say the quality is good (a little bland but nbd) instead of ketchup we got some tomato blend.  I personally would have just enjoyed the ketchup.  Someone dropped a glass and I swear they swept for like 20 minutes (hipster slow) The bathrooms are unisex and clean BUT---- it smelt like piss in there..... I dunno I think the urinal might be the culprit.  We bought Travis a shirt (the restaurant's logo is pretty badass) and supposedly he got the LAST XL men's tee so that made us a little giddy.  There are 31 craft beers on tap and I am a huge fan of craft beers.  We will be back.
4	Cool atmosphere. I like the rotating selection of beers, but lately my favorite brews tend to be more fruity beers. I loved the Peche Mel Brasserie dubuisson freres Belgium. They do flights in small glasses in muffin tins. Cute idea. I also tried a sandwich and french fries. Gotta have the fries! Am I right? Anywhere I go, I have to test them! So they fries passed the Lizzle test, they are garlicky and come with house ketchup- it's zesty and I love it! I also think the patio would be a stellar location for some winter fire pit relaxing. Just sayin!
5	I have yet to have a bad experience and have been there plenty.... I would take any person here even if they dont drink, the menu is unique and delicious... The Tuesday TV dinner is a fun thing to do on a Tuesday night and the price is right ($10).  The beer taps are ever changing so you always can expect a new experience..  There is a lot of pride in ownership, everytime I have been one or both owners have been in the building walking the floor.  The staff can sometimes be aloof but never anything too bad and something that will be worked out over time and experience... A great time!
4	Unique food
4	Come for the beer - keep coming back for the beer and the food!  Wide variety of craft beers, all on tap.  The menu is best described, I think, as 'Imaginative Bar Food'.  The Bison hot dog BLT on Flatbread is possibly the best sandwich idea it the world.  Friends had the Garden Pizza and raved about it.  The seasonal pop tart for dessert was extremely good too.Reasonable priced with a great space indoors and out.  Dog friendly too!Why 4-stars? 1. Service was spotty at times but I think it was just our server.  2. unless you are very knowledgeable about craft beers, do not expect a lot of help from the wait staff.  They have limited knowledge of all 31 varieties on hand.  So you could just guess and get something less than appealing to you.  3. This gives them room to grow!It is my new favorite default downtown destination for lunch or dinner.
3	the interior is not what i was expecting at all. its super bright and almost clinical. wasnt very comfy-feeling. tons of beer and found a great pumpkin ale.the food was a huge MEH. neither dishes were very good at all. i might come back for a beer if in the neighborhood, but i would go somewhere else to eat first.
2	I'd give a 5 rating for their beer selection. I love that its constantly changing drawing you back to keep trying new beers. But I work downtown and have been wanting to go here for since they opened. They close at 11 everyday other than Friday and Saturday when they close at 12. They've been closed every night that I've tried to go. This past Friday I walked by just past 12 and they said they were closed. Even with a lot of people still inside. A lot of people heading to the Turf. I finally had a chance to stop in when they were open. As I said the beer selection was amazing. I had no intentions on eating there since the menu seemed a little too far out there. We ate anyways. I had the nutter sandwich. Sounded interesting. Pb&j with raspberry-chipotle jam, banana, bacon and marshmallow cream. It was ok, but tasted like candle wax. I'm not sure why. My wife had the stroganoff burger. Not bad, the bun was burnt and cheese not melted. None of the food was hot. Fries were really good though even at room temp.  Their homemade ketchup tastes like sweetened marinara. I would still recommend trying Angels Trumpet, but only for beers or even their wines on tap. Dine somewhere else. We sat at a table inside and didn't have any issues with their service and didn't mind the noise. We could still talk to each other without yelling. The music playing in the background was good but could barely hear it.
4	After hitting up the food trucks at the Phoenix Open Air Market on Wednesday we went to grab some beers and dessert at this place. We had the apple pop tart, which was pretty flipping good. They change the flavors seasonally and had just missed the pumpkin one :(They have a rotating list of craft beers on tap which was pretty neat. And our waitress told us about the great brunch they have on Sundays! I will definitely be returning to try it out.
5	I love this place.  I go to a lot of places.  Some try to be too ambitious and fall on the face with their overly-complicated menus. Some try to take things down to a more simple idea and end up overshooting, making everything bland and too usual.Angel Trumpet has no such flaws.  They're also not perfect, but I can justify that 5-star review.  Let's get it out of the way:  The chairs suck, they're kind of uncomfortable and rigid.  The beer prices are kind of what we like to call "astronomical" for a mostly poor beanly-fellow such as myself.  The food can come out a little slow.  It's all true, if someone else said it in another review, I can back that all up.And yet, I don't really give a damn.  This is a local joint in downtown Phoenix peddling 31 different beers that are always rotating.  Not a "regular" beer in sight.  It's what downtown Phoenix has been clamoring for.  And if you're coming to an ale house, you're coming to drink first and eat later.Still, I like their food.  Stroganoff burger...oh man.  I'm such a sour cream whore and, I love my food saucy and wet but I hate soggy stuff.  The bun stood up to the stroganoff sauce and the sour cream and the mushrooms and the juicy medium-cooked beef perfectly.  The 810 sandwich with hand-pulled turkey works in spite of the overly-southwestern theme (pull back on the adobo a bit, it can taste like the restaurant equivalent of "taco seasoning" that every white person I know uses to make tacos) because each of the ingredients is high-quality.  The bread is fresh and crisped.  The ribbon chips are amazingly thin.People have griped and complained for literally decades that downtown doesn't have any neat, laid-back places to have a beer and be a human, with most places downtown still ready to serve the post-5pm cattle herd and nothing more.  Here you have a genuine Phoenix experience.  Don't gripe too much.  Soak it up.  We'll will be back there.  Will you?
5	After 3 visits, it's time for a review. But first, I just have to address some of the other, more negative reviews - 1. "The chalkboard is confusing" - No it's not. Find a beer you like the sound of, or the style, tell the server the number. Easy2. "The colours of the chalk hurt my eyes" - really? get some glasses.3. "It closes too early" - come earlier4. "It's too busy" - come later5. "I don't like craft beer" - don't come at all6. "I have to share my table, eeew" - unless you are paying their bill, what's yer problem? make some new friends.7. "It's too loud" - It's a bar, it's supposed to be loud8. "the parking lot is too small" - be thankful that there is a (free) parking lot. There is always street parking or you could ride a bike.9. "there's not enough bike parking" - chain it to a lamppost.10. "The beers keep running out" - it is a rotating selection, they are not running out, they are changing.11 & 12 "The beers are too expensive" - "Where is the Coors/Bud/Miller?" - I give up.The fact that this bar is so unique is probably why so many people are confused and write dumbass reviews. It takes them out of their comfort zone. It is for this very reason that I am giving it 5 stars. Most places are exactly the same as everywhere else and kudos to Angel's Trumpet for daring to be different.I love the beer selection, I love that I haven't heard of most of them. I also love the food. The onion and blue cheese quesadilla was amazing. The bison BLT in a blanket was a knockout and the avocado salad made my vegetarian girlfriend very happy. The service has been good all 3 visits.What really blew my mind during the last visit was the quality of the music. When a bar plays The Jam, Madness, The Specials, The Clash, Talking Heads, Depeche Mode, The Police, The Beat, I know there is someone in charge (even if only in charge of the music) with good taste.One suggestion - the chalkboard on the patio should be raised. It's too low when people sit at the table right next to it and difficult to read. Other than that one, very minor inconvenience, this place is unique and it rocks. I will be back for sure.
4	A great spot for beer lovers! So many beers to choose from and you can make your own sampler.
4	First time here the other night, and it will definitely not be the last!  The vibe is cool and I kind of felt that if I were a dude, I would have needed a gnarly beard or fancy mustache.  Tons of beers!!  Huge line of taps with numbers, so you are forced to read the large chalkboard above.  It was a little much for my brain, so I just asked the server to pick a tasty stout or porter for me.  I was pleased to see a decent amount of veg-friendly options (veggie pizza, veggieloaf sandwich, daily special with a veg option, grilled cheese).  I opted for the grilled cheese (I know...I like cheese sometimes, don't hate.) that came with pesto and tomatoes, fries and a side of house-made roasted tomato ketchup.  It was all divine. M'lady had the vegetable pizza, which came topped with lots of seasonal veggies (watermelon radishes, squash, fingerling potatoes, mushrooms, onions, and more).  It was equally as pleasing to the palate.  Our friends ordered the special, fish tacos.  Came with two tacos filled with fish and fried calamari and toppings, rice and beans.  Spicy, but very good and flavorful.Back to the beers for a moment:  I only ordered the single bevvy, but our friends ordered a flight (any six beers of their choosing) and it came in a cute little muffin pan:)  Kudos all around from the decor to the food!  These folks know what their doing and I like it, I really like it!!
5	Beer and spam. Let's goo!I wanted to go here for a while and happened to walk in with some friends, not knowing the name. I looked at all of the different beers, the cool patio and interesting menu. Finally someone told me where we were and it all came together! This is a very cool spot, fairly unassuming from the outside. Once you're in, they have TONS of craft brews from across the country. Take your out-of-town friends here. Each have a decent alcohol percentage, so watch yourself.There is a good assortment of interesting items on the menu, including spam! Other dishes are pretty creative and add to the mystique of the place.  I wasn't able to spend much time here but can't wait to go back.
5	Tried the pizza - with brussels sprouts - amazing! The egg on top is fab!
4	The flights are really fun since they have such an awesome selection of beers!  The decor fits the place great.  Knowledgeable bartenders can give you advice on beer selections and the food was delicious too.
3	Great space design and quality beer selection.  I really want to love this place as it's in my neighborhood and I enjoy findingobscure craft and micro brews, but the service is a little slow, they're not knowledgeable about the beers they offer, and the inside space is VERY loud.  The design of the space/building is great.  Great view of the downtown skyline.  But I really wish they didn't build that shade structure that looks so temporary and which draws your attention away from all the other great design elements.I haven't tried more than 3-4 items on the food menu, so I'm not going to review the food.  What I had seem to be a bit experimental, and was good, but nothing memorable.With a few adjustments, I think this place will be a great downtown spot.
5	Fun spot!   Tractor pizza is amazing!!
2	This review is for food-  On recommendation from the waitress my dinning partner ordered the nutter sandwich, I went for the grilled cheese and we started with the wings.  The wings were not what I expected nor wanted, the sauce killed it for me.  The grill cheese was just "okay" and the nutter sandwich that received raved ratings from our server was a huge let down.  We added the marshmallow and bacon (as recommend) but the marshmallow was no where to be found and the bacon with the natural (non sweet) peanut butter with super sweet jam was just.........not good.But! i do enjoy the space and the selection of beer.  I have had friends who have gone since and rather enjoyed their spam sliders.
1	We went in there about a week after it opened and had a really bad experience there.  The beer was good, and the server we had was good, but the food was awful and the experience we had with the manager was what ultimately ruined the experience.  We ordered wings, and a quesadilla.  The wings looked and tasted either like they had been sitting out for an hour, or they were deep fried to a crisp.  The quesadilla had decent flavor, but was only about 1/8 of an inch thick and had very little filling, definitely not worth the $7 for such a small amount of food.  There are a lot of places in downtown I can go and get full for $7, this was like a 3 bite snack.  But, since we live downtown, and we like to support our local businesses, and considering the fact that they had only been open a week or so, we thought we'd give some helpful constructive feedback to the management in hopes they might improve.  So we asked to talk to a manager to tell him about the food.So this guy comes over and we tell him the wings taste way too overdone, and the quesadilla tasted alright but was a poor value at $7.  We told him we were local, we were polite, and that we knew they had only been open a week and we  wanted to help them work out the kinks.  The manager immediately got really defensive and tried to tell us that the wings were fine (and that everyone else in the place who ordered them loved them)  and that they only use the very best ingredients and that's why the quesadilla was so expensive.  Then he basically tried to tell us that we were wrong and that there was no way that the food could have been that bad.  We were just trying to help a local place succeed, and this guy put a really bad taste in our mouth. Arguing with a customer and trying to convince them that the bad food they just ate wasn't really bad is a perfect example of how not to run a restaurant.  All he had to do was simply say "thank you for the honest feedback, we will consider your recommendations, and we would love it if you would come back and have a free appetizer on us so that you can see we're committed to improving."  We would have been back a dozen times by now, and told all our friends about it.  But instead he was a jerk.  We thought about coming back again after a few months, but every time we think about it, we just think of the manager.  And besides, there are lots of other great places in downtown Phoenix that have better, cheaper food, and good beer too.  So we haven't been back, and we probably won't ever unless something changes.
4	I took my son who has been living in Sweden to Angels since he likes good beer.  And he was noy disappointed.  The price was right for the quality of the beer.  We also enjoyed the food I had the sweet potatoe tacos and the were great.  He loved that so many varieties of good beers were on tap.  Definitely going again especially if all three of my son's are home.   Good beer good food good people
2	They don't have an coke products and very few non alcoholic drinks. That is not very good for DD drivers who are trying to be safe. Also the service was super slow tonight.  I wanted to try the nutter and add the marshmallow fluff but of course they couldn't get that right either. I thought the place was a bar but its a family place with obnoxious kids running around in outside area. I wasn't impressed as much as the last time I was there.
4	I was in Phoenix for a couple of days for a conference and found this place this first evening, a Wednesday, and was impressed enough to bring friends back Friday. It is great! I don't know what the complaints in other reviews about the service are talking about. The Tractor pizza with eggs and brussel sprouts was even better than I was hoping. As a brewer and fan of Belgian ales, I was impressed with their selection on tap, and the choose-your-own flights made me very happy.
2	Sat down at the exact time as the guy next to me, who was served promptly.  Had to flag down the manager to get somebody to take my drink order, and the place is only about one-third full.  Waitress, when she did come, got my order wrong.  Finally got my beer, Noche Dulce from Borderlands Brewery in Tucson.  It's a vanilla porter, and delicious.  Had a great conversation with another downtowner.  Enjoyed watching the staff serve beer flights.  Tried to go back later to take my daughter to dinner, but the kitchen closed at 10:00.  Too bad, because the menu looked interesting.
3	Saw this place listed in the AZ Republic as one of the ten best new places in 2012 and decided to check it out.  We sat at the bar and had a flight of misc brews.  Thought that was fun. Some we liked, others not so much. There is a great selection and I would like to return. The atmosphere is upbeat and simple. Loved the keg pendant lighting along a row of tables and the patio. The place was busy on a Wednesday night, most patrons in their 20's/30's. The location is ideal.The menu was eclectic. The recommended Mastadon sandwich was boring although the fries a winner. The bison hot dog was delicious although the accompanying coleslaw a miss.  It was pretty on the plate with craisins and feta but dry in the mouth with no dressing or herbs.Next time we will enjoy a few beers and skip the food.
5	I was very glad to be introduced to this place by some relatives that live nearby and are more plugged into the downtown scene. I was initially skeptical about the concept--I figured either the beer or the food was going to be middling. It's difficult to do both well. However, Angels Trumpet does not disappoint on either front.The food is quite good. I went with a group of eight and got to try several things. Everything was quite good, although I'm very stubbornly against home-made or craft ketchup, which they give you here with the fries. The beers are very good. You have to put a bit of thought into what you order, and either know what you like or be open-minded. Obviously an Imperial Russian Stout isn't for everybody. If you're going to order it, make sure you know something about it and know what to expect. Same goes for everything else they have.Overall, a great place to enjoy some inventive menu choices and sample some beers you don't find easily or often.
5	This is what locally owned business is all about - in this case, an inspired husband-wife team.You never know what cold micro brews will be available sourced across the globe - from day to day and from hour to hour. A keg finishes, they hook up a new keg and change the chalkboard listing. Always a surprise - a delightful, delicious surprise.And the pub grub - best I've ever had anywhere. Full of surprises from a chef bursting with ideas. Fried egg to top off a flatbread pizza, pecan pie pop tarts, wild game sausage with condiments made in house daily ... perfect complements to the delicious offerings on tap.Downtown might need to be a place to live - people might not want to drive home after sampling the riches on the streets down here!
4	Really fun, cool environment with well educated staff who can be testy at times but are generally good natured and will spend the time if they have it. Coffee shop environment and a good place to hang with a couple friends.
4	I super love that they have Spam and can add it to things! Love the different types of beer. I had #3, a raspberry wheat by grand canyon brewing; smell of raspberry and initial taste is the fruit with the after taste being kinda creamsicle-y. They also have draft wines. So, to start off, we had the Mess, which was a mess, but a hot delicious one! The gravy that comes atop the fries was delish. The fries weren't too skinny and didn't get too soggy from the gravy but then again, I don't we let it sit long enough to get soggy. And the cheese curds made for a nice crunch with it. After eating it, I really wanted to add Spam and get a side of gravy lol. Maybe next time. After the mess, it was now onto the pizza - the meaty treat. It certainly was a meaty treat for your mouth. It had all sorts of meat but with the added Spam, what can I say but 'heaven' (I'm Asian and I love my Spam). Next time, and there will be a next time, there should be a flight involved and another pizza with more Spam lol.
4	There's not a lot on the menu for someone who is gluten-free, vegan, or both. I'd recommend getting the fries - yum! - and the spinach/avocado salad that comes with smoked beets. Oh, and the beer -- great list which includes local and regional craft beers you may not be able to get anywhere else, let alone on tap!
4	Great late night spot - our last stop on a pub crawl in downtown Phoenix. Loads of terrific choices on tap and good service. We didn't have anything to eat from the menu, but would definitely visit again and try something. Clean, with a pretty hip vibe.
3	Definitely support what these guys are doing, but the beer list was just okay, especially compared to OHSO and Boulders on Broadway.Great little spot in downtown Phoenix and lord knows we need more of this.  They seem to have the right idea with the rotating tap list and short tap lines (unlike Yardhouse with their miles of beer tubes), but again the tap list was uninspiring.Will definitely try again for food and beer and I hope they have something on tap unique and different.
4	If you're a beer lover, you'll probably love Angels Trumpet Ale House, which has more than 30 beers on tap in downtown Phoenix. The spot also serves up lunch and dinner, with a menu full of sammies, pizzas and hamburgers to be enjoyed in the large communal dining room, at the beer bar or out on the patio.I love that the bar and eatery is right across the street from FilmBar, which makes it an ideal place to grab a bite and drink before a show. When I last went there, I got a Churchill Grilled Cheese Sammy ($8.50), which I got with fries. It wasn't my favorite grilled cheese (I would leave off the pesto next time), but the portion was so huge I could barely finish half my meal. It was a great value.My companion got the Tractor pizza ($11), which was one of the most unique pizzas I've ever seen -- it came with Brussel sprouts, bacon, caramelized onion, and even an egg on top.As for beers, there are giant chalkboards describing each one, and the servers are really knowledgeable and can help guide you toward a good choice.
5	Wish I lived closer, great place for good beer.
4	I agree with the other reviewers the service is subpar, and I sat at the bar. The beers are good, but the board(of beers on the wall) is lacking in details I want to know when doing a tasting. The restaurant also feels kind of empty. I know their going with a minimalist theme, but it's a little over the top.
2	The place is cool, very hipster. Outdoor and indoor seating with a larger and more descriptive beer menu indoors. Four of us sat down ecstatic about their 6 , 6 oz samplers. Unfortunately of the 18 different flavors we chose, collectively we only enjoyed 2. Really wanted to like this place...It was extremely disappointing.
4	As a microbrew enthusiast, nothing quenches my thirst like a beer I've never heard of. Angel's Trumpet has tons of those, and one would be wise to follow their Facebook and keep watch for elusive elixirs like Dogfish Head 120 Minute IPA. Initially, I wasn't impressed with seeing Crispin, Rogue, and Deschutes, but my bartender was able to find the right pint for me. It was categorized as a "Sahti", and it is was freaking delicious. The food here looks like common grub anyone can enjoy (pizza, burgers, etc.) but with an emphasis on finer ingredients. My friend ordered the pop tart, and it looked tons more fancy than your average breakfast snack!The atmosphere is calm, everything is super clean, and there's a great patio. This is a place to have a nice sit-down dinner, or socialize in a quiet, almost classy environment. I'll be back to try some dinner, and I'll keep my eyes out on the taps!
5	Great stuff, right in my wheelhouse. 30-some craft brews (some local, many hard-to-find) up on a chalkboard. Start your "quest for fun". We were fortunate to get seated right away -- bustling and energetic on a Wednesday night. Friendly, attentive service. The chalkboard can be overwhelming, and our server tried to steer us in the direction of samplers, but my out-of-town buddy & I decided on a funky IPA for me and a local red ale for him. Excellent. Food is pretty much upscale bar food, and done well. Started with a plate of hot soft pretzels -- 4 crispy/soft/salty mini-loaves that hit the spot. On to a stoudt and a pale ale. I had a super grilled chicken sandwich on a fresh roll with bacon, BBQ sauce and fried onion strings. Loved it. His steak sandwich was just as good. One final porter for him and a water for me (I'm driving) and that was it.  We need more places like this in Phoenix.
5	Last night we went to Angel's Trumpet with our friends Andrew S. and Erin M.  It is a cool new local restaurant and bar in downtown Phoenix that opened a couple of months ago.  They have a huge variety of draft beers and a great selection of food that you can choose from.  We were going over the menus and Andrew S. was telling us about the Spam Sliders.  That is right I just said "Spam Sliders".  They were pretty amazing. The Spam was fried the perfect amount and it had feta and coleslaw on it.  I will definitely be back for those sliders.
5	The beer menu at the Angel's Trumpet exerts the sort of fascination over me that the Dairy Queen's 20-30 possible milkshake flavors did when I was a wee urchin and DQ still had goodies like pineapple milkshakes. There are about 30 flavors on the big board at any time, and it includes "weird" varieties like chicory stout (which was splendid), along with all sorts of microbrews. I cannot possibly actually drink enough to fully appreciate what this place has to offer.If you're there for food, the ideal is to hit the happy medium of "a bit of buzz, a bit of clatter" but stop short of showing up when it's jammed and the servers are starting to look panicky. My first trip hit that medium perfectly (little did I know!) with the result that my Outlaw Burger was Revelatory!Burger, OMG!Burger, SeraphimSingPraises!Burger. It was every juicy, flavorful thing a medium pub burger should be. And in that context, the space is really cool -- it's like a coffeehouse in that there's a sense of community gathering regardless of which specific party you're with.My second trip was on a swamped day, and my medium burger was well-done. The kitchen's still working with quality ingredients -- the buns are very fine buns -- so even a meh burger is still a pretty good burger and worth the $9. But flights of angels did not actually sing over this burger.On the up side, the kitchen positively coated the ribbon chips with red and black pepper, and since I love spicy food, that was so far beyond amazing that I considered asking for more, then decided not to push my luck.Rumor has it that one can ask for take-out and trot the food across the street to FilmBar.
4	Nice location, would really like to see more places like this downtown.  We liked this place overall. We went on a Saturday night, and it was busy but we didn't have to wait for a patio table. Service was good, always nearby when we needed something. Had the wings to start, but were a bit dry and over cooked. Comes with 3 different sauces, but small bowls and can't dip.  I'd skip them... Had the Chet for dinner, lots of ingredients, focused on beans and chorizo.  Wasn't a huge fan, it was spicy and no contrast, beans and French fries.   The beer is where its at though. They have about 30 taps, all craft brew many of which rare to see. They had "Enjoy By" - Stone Brewery, handful of Dogfish, Firestone etc...  Easy to pick your flight, just write the numbers on the sheet.  Overall enjoyed this new place, just going to try some different food options.
4	I want that mural in my house. Everyone mentions the Spam Sliders, and for good reason too: they're awesome. If you have any hesitancy about Spam, just knock it off! They were so good. Spam sorta tastes like a hotdog, with a different sort of consistency. Topped with feta slaw on a toasted mini bun, they're damn tasty. You've also got an excellent beer selection. It's chalked up on a huge board by number, with a description and ABV and Price. As the tap runs dry, they erase it and put in a new one. The rotation is ever changing. The servers are also really knowledgable about all of the beers and can give you a taste if you're unsure about a selection. You can also do a flight of six if you're looking for a varied selection of beers. No liquor, but they do have some wines.The atmosphere is lively and loud and the clientelle is all over the board. If you're a smoker, you've got an outdoor patio with heaters. This is also a great place for a date. The loud atmosphere makes it a fun place to talk and not feel like you have to whisper or feel awkward if there is a pause in the conversation. I would absolutely come back!
5	traveling to a city, you never know what someone elses idea of "great local restaurant" is - this was "excellent" - I am not a beer expert, but everyone else in our party was.  They loved the broad selection of styles and brands to try.  The food was awesome - our party was divided - half got burgers, half got pizza and everyone loved their selection.  When we got there they said it would be 30 minute wait, but 5 minutes later we were seated outside, enjoying the balmy weather of Phoenix.  Enjoy the brews, enjoy the food!
4	Awesome beer selection.  Food was pretty good too. Something like 32 beers on tap.  Will go again.
3	We went here for a friend's birthday dinner / happy hour and they quickly seated our large party of 15 on the patio. The ambiance is...brightly lit, industrial warehouse look, definitely not romantic but I would say fun for a first date. Not too loud so it's easy to carry on a conversation which would make it a good place for a business meeting or lunch (note to self!)I ordered the chicken, pesto & spinach pizza which was yummy. We also splurged on the homemade "pop tart" which was really more like a puff pastry turnover but was good. On Tuesdays they also do a "TV Dinner"  which a few people got and enjoyed. Someone else mentioned that there aren't many gluten free choices and my GF friend and I shared my pizza - she scraped off the toppings!They have a decent beer (around 30) selection, which they write on a chalkboard because the beers rotate in and out. A bunch of people tried the beer flights and I sponged off my friends flights lol. I ordered a full pint of what I know I like (raspberry framboise & guiness). I'm not an adventurous beer drinker.The service was excellent and our waitress was super friendly.I'm only giving it 3 stars because somehow this place lacks the appeal of wanting to go back and make it an official watering hole. It's OK. Maybe if they added music or something it would  make it more cozy.
4	Great selection of craft taps, 31 that rotate frequently. Friendly staff, clean easy atmosphere. Ample parking. Home-made pop tarts for dessert! What's not to love!
4	Comfortable place, lovely outside tables, great for groups (esp groups who love craft beer!)  Our server seemed rushed, but all our orders were fine- their version of fish tacos (called the guppy i think) was crispy & hearty.  the ole fashion with grilled chicken was solid- a bit on the dry side, but it hit the spot.  the homemade poptarts are a fun thing to end the meal with- i took mine to go, just because i was charmed by the idea but we needed to get going- but hot with ice cream they would have been divine!  oh well, there is always next time- i'm sure we will be returning esp when any beer lovers come to town!  it would be easy to spend a whole sunday here, drinking, nibbling and talking!
5	On a recomendation for a restaurant in a neighborhood I didnt know very well, Angels Trumpet Ale House it was.Super easy to find and just steps from the nights final destination FILMBAR.Prior to arrival it was Yelped and Googled and this beer centric gastro pub seemed to be the perfect spot to catch up with an old friend prior to a movie.My beer recomendation was fine as I took my sugestion of the server that offered 3 THREE fruit beers, because I wanted someting lighter. The peach ale was tasty and I cant wait to get back and try some of the other 9000 beer selections, belly up to the bar, and wash those down with the Poutine or as known there as The Mess.I have heard about this dish that is a late night staple in Canada. heck all  14,000 Canadians cant be wrong. The chefs must hang out in MY kitchen because they used the perfect amount of fragrant black pepper ( my favorite seasoning) near perfect gravy and plenty of deliciouce fried cheese curds on top of expertly cooked fresh skin on fries. This dish was a perfect 9... or 10 or somewere in between that.I plan to get around that menu but we both ordered the same thing, a turkey sandwich by the numbers. Mine would have been stellar without any chipotle, but the rest of the fine ingredients overshadowed the one overplayed flavor. The turkey was fresh roasted, great avocado and the VERY BEST toasted bread I have had in years.The side of chips were a great option.The space is really cool, great chairs and heft tables, if not a tad noisy (screeming baby) prices good and this yelper says its a must try when in the Rossevelt Row.
5	Awesome!Great, always-changing beer list that's on a chalkboard, organized by taste. How cool is that?Good, upscale pub-type food with burgers, pizzas, and my favorite, the grilled cheese sandwich.Amazing atmosphere inside. Very "upscale-hip Phx" is how I would describe it, although I'm not sure exactly what that means.Quick service, although not always the friendliest.Huge patio.Welcomes kids (thank God! Side note: I am a beer lover who enjoys eating, drinking craft brews, and hanging out with my kids! More places like this please!)Downtown location.I only wish there was something similar in Vegas!
3	It was fine, but it isn't the kind of place I normally go for lunch.  The food was a little out there for my taste.
4	Always looking for the next great place to grab a beer and while hesitant due to it's awful name and terrible logo (figured this couldn't be a good sign), I decided the beer devotion claims on their website were enough to pull me in.I'll start out by saying there is nothing worse than a "beer bar" carrying all the same domestic brew you'll find at your local dive bar. I can go anywhere to grab a tasteless lager, a slightly hopped pale or predictable red ale. With the recent explosion of craft over the past few years, I figured that so many of these places would pop up and easily be done correctly...WRONG! While many bars attempt to have a "craft beer garden" they still play it safe and that's unfortunate. ATAH does not, and that's why I was happy to give it my official seal of approval.Walking in, I had no idea what to expect. I almost drove past the place and wasn't entirely certain which door to enter through (I think there was only one but I don't rememeber it being marked very well). Upon entering, we weren't greeted by anyone but the bar is where I head anyways. Simple concept inside, clean and hard to miss what's on tap. We ate a BBQ chicken sandwich, it was average...but I wasn't there for food. The beer selection was fantastic, offering a wide variety of brew and probably something to please everyone...and with 30+ taps, if you can't find something you like, that's your own problem. I loved the fact that they offered a handful of beer I had never seen on tap anywhere in Phoenix before, which is something pretty rare around here. This tells me what whoever is running this place isn't afraid to charge that extra buck or two for something a true beer lover will be happy to see on tap.Also, I must mention one more thing I liked about this place. While AZ brewers and Crescent Crown sit around and try to push this whole "Drink Local" campaign in our faces, this place had two local taps. I thought that was just enough for what they could afford to offer based on tap real estate and respect local brewers. There is nothing more frustrating than a bar that thinks it's a good idea to gather tons of AZ beers and serve them all in one location. Here is a tip to any bar owners who think AZ beer is good for service: AZ beer is NOT good for service.Great place and I will be back.
3	My friends and I stopped in here for a bite and a drink after seeing a movie at the film bar that is across the street.  It is a very casual restaurant, that seemed a little cramped.  We were seated outside which is where I would prefer to sit, while eating here, than inside... very cramped....  The food menu was diverse, I mostly ordered appetizers though and a flight of beer.  I liked being able to try a diverse selection of beers, ones that I never heard of before, it was fun.  I ordered the sausage platter, pretzel rolls and "the mess" which is really just poutine.  The sausage platter was nice, my favorite and paired in nicely with the pretzel rolls when I made little sandwiches.  "The mess" wasn't very good in my opinion.  I grew up eating poutine as I lived outside of montreal in upstate NY.  The gravy ruined it in my opinion since it is really hard to ruin fries and cheese curds.  Hopefully they improve on it since it'll be great to have some poutine as some comfort food available in the valley.I'd come back only if I'm at the film bar or in the mood for some new beers.
4	When thinking about writing my review, I was going to give them 2 or 3 stars... only because THE BEER HERE IS AMAZING. I've been here 5 times now and have loved every beer I've tried. If you're a beer lover, you can't go wrong here. Great selection/variety for anyone!  I mean, 31 craft DRAFT beers in one place in DT PHX... done and done! Even if you're not a beer aficionado, tell your server what you like and they'll make suggestions as to what you should try, AND are always spot-on. Last time I was there I had the Stone Enjoy By IPA... one of my new favorite beers of all time.Now of the 5 times here, 2 times my party has ordered food. The first time I did not like my sandwich at all, and my husband thought his was okay.  I liked the names and ideas but felt it was executed poorly. The second time here we started at one table with a handful of people and had Jake as our server (we've had him in other DT PHX restaurants and he rocks -- as always). Jake is great, friendly, knowledgeable, quick, honest... just an all around awesome guy. Then our party grew and we cashed out and took a table outside. It got busy, we got ignored for the better part of half an hour -- but then when we finally saw our new server he was very attentive going forward. Our food was delayed and we felt there was a lack of HONEST communication. Honest meaning don't tell me the food is coming right now then come out another 40 minutes later and tell me the same thing, just tell me how it is. Our server finally got a manager involved (Waylan - sp?) and let me tell you, he was our saving grace. He communicated the issue and was quick to fix it. It was to the point that we were talking about never going in again and he changed our minds. Our food came out after he got involved, it was great, everyone was super attentive to us (we weren't looking to be babied, that's now how I roll).  I know it's frustrating when something goes wrong and you don't have much control over it but you as a manager/server get the brunt of the angry guests.So over all, my experience at this place has went from meh, to oh no never again, to great, thanks to the customer service provided by the management team. We'll be in again soon for a delicious beer  or five, and I will give Waylan a high five when I see him, and we'll ask to sit in Jake's section. :)
3	If you love beer then come here.Great craft tap selection, plus they include the serving glass type.  My favorite menu item, so far, are the SPAM Sliders.  SPAM you say, YES!  Give it a try, it is far different then what you may have been served as a kid.  We always stick with appetizers when coming here and have enjoyed the sausage platter, fries and gravy, and the wings.  I must admit that the only thing I have been WOW'd by were the sliders.You definitely should give this place a shot and do yourself a favor by ordering a flight of beers to find that one you truly enjoy.
4	Do you like a large selection of non-traditional beers? Then I say YES! That is all - check this place out.
3	Love new concept restaurants but I'm going to keep an eye on this one. I LOVE beer but I love food more. I'm a lil concerned about this spot because of the limited menu. The Spam sliders are surprisingly good but I do believe eventually they're going to need a full service bar not just beer and wine. The owner and GM are great and I wish them both nothing but great success!!
4	Huge beer selection of rare beers, knolwedgebell and freindly staff, a great patio all add up to a good place.Beers range $5-8 a glass so it is on the pricier end, however most of the beers are higher end micro brews. Our server was well versed in the brews and brewries which is nice when you are spening as much as a lunch on a single beer. The patio has many tables as does the inside, making it acceptable for larger groups (6-10 people). There is also plenty of spance to stand around and drink.  They do have a full menu of intresting food items but I was just here to enjoy the beer this trip.
4	I really like this place.I really really like it.31 draft craft beers... all written out on some sort of chalk board... you are bound to find one that your little heart desires.  I really enjoy oatmeal stouts so my waitress was able to recommend one that I fell in love with.  They are ever-changing.  A little on the pricier end but worth it.The decor is great... & I love the patio.  Their flights are served on muffin pans.  I thought that was super clever.Food looks great... I stole some sort of meaty concoction of a pizza slice for the people I was with & it was cheesy perfection.  Can't wait to try the other stuff on the menu as well.
5	Love all the choices of beer, the atmosphere and the food.
3	NYC prices in Phoenix? Nice idea but downtown Phoenix will continue to be second rate if this what is tolerated. Sub par customer service and food is lackluster. Been here 4 times now so I gave it more than a fair shake. You may ask why have I gone back then? My friends didn't believe me but we're all now in agreement. Another nice attempt that misses the mark in downtown Phoenix.
5	Where to begin....we finally made it to this joint on an event night for beer week. It was nice to see the place packed on a Thursday. The service was prompt and our waiter checked on us a lot even for as busy as it was. The food....wow! Talk about taking some run of the mill items and reinventing them in such a great way! We got a variety of items to try/share. Word to the wise:the portions are quite big. Not some tiny hipster plates that barely touch your appetite. The warm meat platter was amazing. A variety of sausages and sauces that were all spot on. A great way to start off with the amazing selection of pints. Our platter didn't come out right away as it got lost in the shuffle, but our waiter was more than apologetic so I can't really fault them on such a busy night. We also tried the Churchill grilled cheese with spam as an add-on. I can't wait to have this again! We used to have this in Minnesota a lot, but the high quality cheeses they use and bread really make this an amazing dish. My friend had the Nutter Fluffer with bacon add-on. Nutella, bananas, bacon, peanut butter, marshmallow cream. I'm probably missing a couple of items but man was this done right. Every bite was an adventure as each flavor came out. My wife got the mash tacos (I forget the exact name) mashed sweet potatoes, cheese, pesto in a fried shell. More of a quesadilla than taco but again....simply amazing. It's one of those menus you look at and think, "how would that go together?" Well it does. Can't wait to get back and try so e more items and beers.
4	31 different types of crafts on tap + some wines + great food what more can you ask for! Been here twice in less than a month, and will be def going back. Totally work a try :)
5	sometimes i wished we lived in dowtown phx. there are just blocks and blocks and blocks of cool eateries and bars and people. such was last night on our night out to visit some friends for drinks at Angels trumpet. the interior space is beautiful...a mix of exposed construction with clean wall tiles and accessories. there as an enormous patio but don't know if they allow dogs. parking tonight was tricky because it was also first friday and we were told not to park in the dirt lot behind the bar or we'd get a ticket, so we found a close street spot. our service was excellently friendly and prompt and kept the water glasses filled. but of course the draw here is beer. OMG the beer! and great beer.....a wall of taps of the nectar of the gods. the pints are reasonably priced and you can do a flight of 6 of any of their beers, even the expensive ones! from 9% to 3% alcohol content, heavy stouts to light lagers and everything in between, you are bound to find an option of beer that suits you here...only problem is, you may get wasted in your efforts to find your favorite!the food was pretty good...a small selection since the focus is beer but my fish tacos were excellent and my wife raved about her arugula salad. what a great find!
4	Very cool downtown drink spot. If you're a beer fan this place if for you. It's bigger than you expect for a downtown establishment. Two large garage type doors open up to an outside patio also. Seating is wooden block tables and chairs with a few high bar tables along the back wall. The bar is laden with those cool hexagonal tiles and it's all taps. The large chalk board above boasts the beer name, type, and alcohol content. When a beer is tapped out for the night, they erase it. It reminded me of the big trading boards at the NYSE you see on tv. Our server was very friendly and had a great smile. She checked on us often with made up for the turn around time being a bit slow-but they were super busy.I wasn't wowed by the menu-there were a few vegetarian options but they appeared the most unhealthy as well.  I did really enjoy my avocado salad which with its roasted beets, goat cheese, almonds and avocado was a meal in itself. We tried the spud tacos but I found them too greasy and salty. Being a wine fan they offered 6 wines on tap, which I found very cool...how do I rig up one of those at home? I was confused to see about three tables with kids, as a new patron I was questioning is this a "family" place? I don't usually like my watering holes laden with the young folk, but with the moderate to high noise level you couldn't even hear them. Tip: don't park in the large lot out back. They don't own it and there are signs in the bar that you'll be ticketed.
2	Meh, I almost gave them 3 stars (because the pics of the food looked good) but as I haven't experienced eating here/there, I can't give them any more credit.People cream their shorts over Trumpet Ale House...why? Maybe it's because it's the only Brewery Downtown? Who knows. Breweries are pretty ubiquitous in Tempe and they don't RUN OUT of anything. Does this make you think that the beer you're enjoying is some how more exclusive? No...it means they don't have room for extra kegs, because they took up the only available slab of real estate in the Arts District.Also, pretty sure that grandiose sense of self, that the staff possess, has gotten passed down the patrons...  It's a place to people watch and "been seen". Ugh...People treat you like shit, and if they manage to crack a smile while staring in your general direction, you somehow feel like part of the club? This isn't High School...and you aren't in Mean Girls Part Deux.Thing is? I really wanted to love this place : (2 Stars because they serve food and beer downtown.Minus 1 star because they run out of shit. Minus 1 star bc when I order a lambic, I expect the rest of the bottle. I know what I am getting when I order a Belgian Framboise. I also know ya re-corked and reused what I paid for, after you poured a meager serving into the champagne sized flute. Give me what I purchased (like every other bar does). Minus 1 star because of the Hipster-douche vibe.I'll go back to check out the food, and not show up on First (Fight the Pretend Art-Loving Crowd) Friday...
4	I've heard only good things about this place, and I was meeting a friend for dinner on a Saturday night, so I decided to give it a try. The dining area is very spacious and they have a huge patio. We were seated promptly and then asked what we wanted to drink, their beer menu consists of 30+ beers all listed on a chalk board above the bar.I wanted to try a bunch so I decided on the beer flight, our server was very helpful and informative in the decision process. I told him what kind of beers I liked and didn't like and he wrote down his suggestions for my flight. All of the beers were very tasty and I decided on a few faves.For our meal, I chose the casper pizza and my friend got the fluffernutter, both were very good and the portion size was large. I will definitely return to try more beer and food, as it's good spot for getting together with friends!
5	This was our second visit there and I'm glad we went back.  The first time we went there they were serving brunch and I believe they no longer do that.  Which I am glad to see - they brunch dishes weren't that great.This time we were there about the same time - between 12 noon and 12:30 - on a Sunday and not busy at all.  We had a great server who was easily able to recommend one of the 20+ ales on tap.  I had the Nitro Milk Stout and I cannot remember what he had, but it was similar to a Newcastle Ale which is what he wanted.  We both had one of the flatbread pizzas (Garden and Meat) - very good and enough for a second meal.  We also shared the "pop tart" dessert - very good and highly recommend.  This place had a lot of locals because of all the bicycles coming in and a very interesting menu - we are definitely planning to return when we go to the symphony.  This past visit was ate there prior to going to FilmBar - i.e., this brew pub has a pretty good location.....  3/3/13
4	With open and loud seating, this beer bar offers a great selection of tasty brews from all over the world all micro in nature. The big flavors of lagers, IPAs and porters, among many others, are available to customers as pints or in flights for tasting. Though the menu could be a little more creative, it leaves you with several yummy choices to accompany your beer. If you're a beer lover and like loud, hip places, this is one you should definitely check out!
2	I wish there was a 2.5 rating on here. Let me start with the positive our server was super awesome and knowledgeable about beer as well as really friendly. If I were to rate the place strictly on the service it would be an easy 5 star review, however there were some things that just didn't measure up.   We found a table outside and the weather was perfect, so that was a plus. We proceeded to order a "flight" of beer. Which was 6 different samples of selections from the 25 plus handles that are rotated frequently (I think daily, but I could be wrong on that). Here is the first part of the reason for the 2 stars. There are 2 boards to read the selection of draughts that are being featured, and a menu that describes what each of the types of beers are for example  A "Lager" is..... or A "Stout" is..... However there is no correlation that I could decipher that would tell you what "type" of beer that the featured name stood for, so let's say number 22 on the board was Witte...If you are a beer rookie there was no way to know what type it was. This causes one of at least two dilemmas, you can either 1. ask the server what type of beer each of the 25 or so types are (which...."Ain't nobody got time for that" :)  or you can play a little "Russian Beerlette" and just hope for the best, at any rate there are some specific types of beer that I just do not enjoy, and I didn't want the server to have to reel off all of the specifics of each beers that was on the board. I love the idea of the constantly rotating types of draught, but they need to figure out a better delivery system for the patron. The other part of the review was based on the appetizers that we had, one of which was the pretzels. Maybe I am americanized and have been spoiled to food a certain way, but I like my pretzels soft all the way through and really doughy (if that's a word) and theirs just weren't that. The pretzels were not very moist and the selection of cheese and mustard was ok at best. I really hate giving two stars, but I gotta be honest about my experience. Great concept, great server, poor execution....I might try again in a few months and see if they changed anything.
3	Came here after a recommendation from a server at a restaurant close by.  Ordered a few beers, and while I wasn't too sure which one's I had, they tasted great.  And they packed a serious punch.  Great recommendation by the guy behind the counter.  So at least on the beer side of things, they seem to have a good selection.  Do a little bit of asking, and I am sure there will be a beer just right for you.Got the feeling it was a total hipster bar, which isn't really my style, but that didn't mean it was a bad place.  There is lots of tables and plenty of space in the bar area. Beers were inexpensive for a tall glass.  A short walk from downtown if you are in the area.
4	Where do you find Angels? in Heaven! Thats right, this is heaven! TAPS TAPS TAPS! So did I mention they have Taps?  By the way this isnt a brewery, they dont brew beer here.  They do however carry a revolving selection of amazing craft beers! While I have only been here once for a few hours, I witnessed several of the beers being changed before my eyes. EXCITING! YES?The service was great! Sean or Shawn? was great in helping me follow my taste buds to the clouds.  Mat the owner came over and talked to me for a bit as well and just BS'd away. Not a bad way to pass the afternoon or pregame for a show at the Crescent Ballroom. Prost!
4	I can start by saying, their food was GREAT. I had a pizza with an egg which sounds crazy until you have one. I cant complain about the food one bit! My boyfriend loves beer, so this place to him is a no brainer! Their beer list changes literally daily [they changed 3 different ones while we were there] so you gotta check the menu when you're there. However, I'm not a huge beer drinker, but I do enjoy some cider and a glass of white wine on occasion. My only wish for this place was they had a few more ciders. Guess I'll have to go back to their revolving beer list to try again!Also, I thought this place was super hipster urban and fun. They have a great patio as well. If you're downtown, CHECK THIS PLACE OUT!
3	The food is pretty meh. It sounds good, looks good, but just doesn't deliver. I was excited to try the smoked pork burger but the patty was small and dry. The house made ketchup served with french fries tastes like marinara sauce. They do not have regular ketchup. The flatbread pizza with goat cheese was on the salty side and the goat cheese was not creamy, but more like feta. The rotating beer selection is great but when I got the sampler last night 3 out of the 6 beers were not very good. Great place to go before heading over to FilmBar but I wouldn't purposefully come here for the food.
4	Love it hear! Great selection of everything. We host a monthly group meeting and the owners are always extremely courteous. Big space and is quickly establishing itself as a staple in the downtown community. You will be impressed.
4	Excellent beer selection. Any beer geek definitely check this spot out. If your looking for a bud light and a game your taste buds might explode here. But great atmosphere and nice TVs for games. Only reason I give a 4 and not a 5 is because the bartender was a little rude and never checked on us. Good thing another bartender was more than willing to help out when need be.
4	Angel's Trumpet is a nice addition to the downtown Phoenix food and drink scene! I love the dog-friendly patio and the rotating list of beers. I always feel inspired to try new beers here because I can do flights of SIX delicious beers! Most of the food is great(spud tacos--delicious!) and service has been good each time I went. My only complaint is that it gets REALLY loud in there when it's busy. Loud to the point where you might be yelling for your companion across the table to hear you. Apart from that, it's a great place to hang out with some friends.
5	Exceptional craft beer selection. 31 rotating taps. Nice ambiance, good service from knowledgable staff, and good food options.
4	Good times would go again great beer selection and wings were really good. Great atmosphere...try new a new beer or two! If you are not a beer drinker they do have some wine choices available.
4	Yet another reason to spend time in downtown Phoenix.  As a 20+ year Phoenix resident, I never thought I'd want to spend fun time in downtown, but that's changed.  Many great places to go, and Angels Trumpet is at the top of that list.  One of the best beer selections in the Phoenix area.  Funky vibe, good service.  Food is good, but not great - otherwise I'd give it a try.  Once you go - you'll come back often.
4	I Absolutely love this place and all the selections. Only problem in my case majority of the time is the cider selection is slim.  95% of the times we have been here the females as our waitresses have been awesome with service.  As far as the one male my friend and I had during a Sunday lunch hour was so slow and unhelpful and seemed to not care too much about our table.  The Fries are so good with their buffalo wing sauce.  Their Churchill Grilled cheese is absolutely my new favorite as well. My boyfriend loves the 810 with a fried egg and the chicken legs.  I cant wait to try more on the menu.
3	Really cool atmosphere for a downtown spot.  Another yelper and I went on a first Friday and the place was packed.  Hardly any parking and the area behind the ale house is someone else's private lot however many people were parking there and then asked to move it. The waitress was nice but usually invisible when we needed her. So service wasn't the greatest that night and it was hard to tell who was the staff versus guests.  The food was really good.  We had the flatbread with leeks, bacon and egg, really really good.  Plus fries with gravy and cheese curds, this was a huge serving and will feed a table of four!  Only thing, it took forever to get the food, bur we waited patiently however could not hear each other since it was so loud.  If you go , try to get a table outside. Inside, you will have a conversation with yourself since no one else will be able to hear you.The beer choices were good and as big as some other places. The glasses weren't that cold either and by the time the food came the beer was warm.I will go back just not on a busy night and will ask to sit outside!.Cheers!
4	We loved it here.  It's VERY busy on First Friday - just an FYI.  It was a minimum 30 minute wait at prime dining time and very hot inside the restaurant.  Outside of that, the staff was friendly though a bit "flaky".  I assume it's b/c they were very busy.The tap options were endless and as others have mentioned, rotate as they go throughout the evening.  It's a great way to keep you coming back for more!  They have a beautiful patio with a lot more dining tables and that is where we got to sit.  I love eating outside in perfect AZ weather!We got the veggie flatbread which was DEEEEELISH and can I just say ...Oh. Em. Gee with regard to the wings.  They were roasted to perfection and served with three sauces on the side, which was ingenious! I really enjoyed that touch so I could mix and match the sauce.  I am still drooling over the amazingness that was the wings!  Get them.The beer options were also wonderful and the price point is average.  I would have spent more money here but I was jet-lagged and had to get back to the hotel before I passed out at my table after my two beers.  Light weight here.
5	This place rocks. Great atmosphere, great food and more great beers than you could possibly imagine.  If you're downtown, definitely check it out.
4	LOCALLY owned & operated. (seriously, I touched the Owner!)  We like the Staff here, they are cool and friendly but not overly obsequious  like some pretentious downtown joints where they must have an a** kissing contest for TIPS going on.PRETZELS are da bomb.  I had to alternate between the cheese dip and the spicy mustard with every other bite. Super Tasty!WINGS really nicely seasoned, NOT greasy. Meaty. Takes a little tooth action to strip them from the bone in a really good way, I think at one point I growled!Spousal Unit reported his BURGER was high quality beef, well seasoned, cooked to order (still mooing) and the bun held up under the meaty pressure.My FISH TACOS were presented with just the right amount of black beans, some awesome spicy coleslaw and fresh avocado mash.  Fresh tortillas and nice flaky fried (deal with it) fish in just the right proportions.The Beer?  But of course. Interesting. Worth doing a FLIGHT but ask for help, don't load up on all one style and miss the fun-fest in your mouth that comes from variety!
5	Food, beer, ambiance and service was great!!! Locally owned and operated and the passion shines through in everything they do.We had the spam sliders for an app and omg i have thought about them every day since we had them! (They are that good) For dinner we shared the peanut butter and bacon sandwich with mellow fluff and preserves, all of which was homemade. It was all sorts of ooey gooey deliciousness!  PROPS TO THE CHEF who clearly knows what he is doing. You know a chef  has passion and truly cares when he is out  and about doing table visits. Also the downtown view from the patio is beautiful. All and all i can not wait to go back!
5	I love this place!  The beers, staff and the atmosphere make this place as amazing as it is. The patio is dog friendly (idk about at night), has misters, corn hole and comfortable seating.  Inside it is very laid back seating great fro groups.  The bar has 6 wines and about 35 beers on tap.  The bartenders and waitress are very knowledgeable and will help you choose a beer that you love.  We prefer to have them help us create a sampler (6 beers) and go from there.The food is even great!  We have had the pretzels which are amazing the beer cheese makes it.  The pretzel itself is much softer and not as salty as you are probably used to but sooo good.  I have also tried the spam sliders which was AMAZING! haha I know what you are thinking spam gross but it is good and you have to try it!Only bad thing that I have to say is the parking SUCKS! Carpooling or public transportation are a must!--- Or bring lots of quarters.
3	Okay the food was good, delicious creations and vegetarian friendly. The only problem I had was when that huge Marmaduke dog showed up and a couple of the Waitresses/Waiters went to rub him. I saw not either of them go and wash their hands. That's the only reason they don't get five stars.
5	Such yummy food. Tractor pizza and avocado, beet, grapefruit salad were so good. Hot wings were amazing, deep fried first. And the pop tarts, omg, yum!
4	What a cool place. Love this place. Want good beer, go here. They have like 50 on tap all of the time and the service staff knows their stuff (they get a "shift beer" when they work, even). I like their outside area but they need to enforce the no smoking. Inside I always sit at the high tables. Their pork burger is to die for. We love their PB&J and their pizza is to die for. The only thing I hate is their ketchup, which is like homemade crushed tomatoes. Yuck.I'd go more if their WIFI was stronger. I have to sit near the bathrooms to get a good connection. The staff promises they're trying to fix this. Also, please please make a huge north facing sign so more people know you're there.If you are lost, find Film Bar. They're across the street.
4	This place continues to wow with an awesome rotating tap selection, unique craft beers and bustling atmosphere.  I cannot get over waiting at your table for greater than 15 minutes for service, so usually have to saunter up the bar, order a beer, pay and peramble back to the table before the server even acknowledges our existence.  I wouldn't usually complain about this, but it has happened on more than one occasion. Will always come here for the great beer selection, and you should too.  Best in downtown Phoenix, bar none.
3	Now that I've had time to reflect on my recent visit I've decided overall I did enjoy my experience here.  At first I was a little put off by the crowd but I now realize it was a based off a preconceived notion I had based completely off the location and building.  The food was very good, the service was great and I love how close it is.  I will give this place another try in the near future.
5	The food is AMAZING! I have to stop in when I can have a beer (or two), 'cause the selection is beyond anything you typically see in PHX. This will continue to be a "let's grab lunch" spot, regardless of my ability to imbibe (or not).
5	This was an amazing spot! The wait staff is my only concern since the hostess did not seem what was going on but sitting at the bar was the best! I did not eat any food but trying the sampler beers was amazing. I would have wished for a bit more education on the types of beers perhaps next time. Totally going back!
5	A guy from 8th Day Coffee House recommended this place to me. How convenient that I was looking for a place to eat lunch after I got coffee, and there just happened to be a restaurant right behind them. I walked on over to Angels and grabbed a seat inside. A lady was bussing the tables near me as I took a seat and told me that a waitress would be with me in just a minute - she arrived within thirty seconds. She took my drink order and gave me a menu. I am reviewing the food and service; I am not reviewing the beer as I have not tried any. The menu has so many great things to choose from. The Brewlee Burger is what caught my eyes. It consists of many things including (but not limited to): beef (or pork/chicken - your choice), pepper bacon, red sweet onions, chipotle mayo, spinach leaves, romaine lettuce, pepperjack cheese, and an over-easy egg on top. How does that NOT sound good? The fries are not frozen; they are real potatoes. They are seasoned well, crispy, and come with a homemade dipping sauce (not store-bought ketchup). I put in my order and connected to the FREE WiFi to do some browsing. My burger was ready within ten to fifteen minutes. I knew that it would become one of my favorite burgers in Phoenix as I took a huge first bite. The flavors danced around on my palate and it began to rejoice. The burger is a great combination of spiciness and sweetness. The price was very reasonable for an enormous, outstanding burger and a large, crispy portion of fries. The service was remarkable! Although busy, they made sure I had enough to drink, asked if I was enjoying my meal, and checked to see if I needed anything else.Would I recommend this place to others? Absolutely. Will I return? You bet.
4	Awesome place! Met some coworkers there for an anniversary party. Sooo.....many beers on tap to choose from. Just didn't want to leave. Has become my Friday happy hour hang out.
4	Stopped in here after a Dbacks game for the first time. I was very impressed! I walked by the bar and loved how the bear menu is on the chalk board to make room for new taps often. They had over 36 beers on tap in which I only knew a few. Lots of hard to find ones. We ended up grabbing a seat inside basically because the patio was all full! But still had a good seat inside and relaxed. My wife and I just returned from a vacation in Hawaii and didn't have chance to eat Spam. So my wife was extra excited that trumpet house had Spam sliders and they were awesome!! I really can't remember the name if beer that I had, I know it was a cream pale ale and it was great!I really liked the vibe and feeling that Angel Trumpet Ale House. I want to sit out in the patio one day with our Shih Tzus drinking awesome beer and have an awesome time.
4	First of all, what's up with the downtown area? I've been living in the suburbs of Phoenix for 20 years and I never thought of the downtown area as being a "happening" place. When we got off I-10 and proceeded south, there was traffic and people every where. We were really surprised.We went to Angel's Trumpet on a Friday night and arrived around 7 p.m. The wait time was about 15 minutes and we were able to pass the time in comfortable chairs on the back patio. A waitress came by and offered us water or drinks while we were waiting. Even though it was about 110 degrees that day, the misters kept the outside area cool so it was comfortable when the first available table was outside. Beer:The beer selection was great and they seemed to have various styles for everyone. I love amber beers, and although they only had one selection (Sunset Amber), it was a tasty beer. As is typical of most bar establishments, the beer selection was heavier on the IPA, porter, and wheat style beers. My boyfriend and friends tried several kinds (unfortunately I was the DD so I couldn't try as many) and they enjoyed each one. A particular favorite was Sculplin IPA. If it wasn't so hot outside I may have tried one of their wines "on draft."Food:Amazing flavor combinations! It took us a long time to decide what we wanted to eat and none of us were disappointed with our food choices. I had a sandwich ("Bingo")  from the daily special menu with french fries which were served with marinara sauce instead of ketchup (delicious). We had the poptarts which is why we tried Angel's Trumpet in the first place. The seasonal poptart was bourbon peach which had a type of oatmeal crumble on the top (no frosting). It was delicious - flaky dough with fantastic flavor. Service:Not great for us, but tables around us had much better service. Angel's Trumpet was busy, but our waiter was either not very organized or just slow compared to the waitress buzzing around to the other tables around us. I wish we would have had her instead. For instance, a table behind us on the patio was sat at least five minutes after us and we hadn't even been greeted yet. Then the people who were seated behind us had drinks and food (appetizer) before our beers even arrived. Our slow waiter was very irritating.Overall:It's a long drive downtown just for food, but we will definitely be back (hopefully with the stellar waitress and not the slow waiter). We all enjoyed our time at Angel's Trumpet and liked the energy of that area in general. It was also fun to see so many different ages congregating in one place.
4	I went there for the first time yesterday. I had the bison dog with fries. I thought the food was really good. The one downfall, I got the homemade ketchup with the fries, It was o.k. it tasted more like thick marinara sauce than ketchup. The service was pretty good, and I was happy with the large selection of beers they had to try. Some of the descriptions could have been a little better on the board so you had a better idea of what you were getting.
1	Great food, but I'm giving one star for the bad customer service. Had the same exact experience that Robert F. had. Ordered the peach beer and it was horrible - sent it back and waiter said he would ask manager to take it off - and the manager said no. Seriously? It was not drinkable - and probably cost them nothing - now they lost me and any future income from me and my work friends (I just vetoed a big work party to go there). I actually went on the same day as the other reviewer - so maybe it was just the beer was bad - sad that we had to pay for it.
5	Our second time at Angels and we will be back for a 3rd! Came here after a Dbacks game on a Sunday afternoon. They have $6 pitchers for local beers!!! Awesome! We had a pitcher of Mother Roads black IPA (best black IPA I've ever had) and a pitcher of 4 Peaks Raj IPA. Can't beat that deal. Each pitcher is about 2 glasses so made it $3 a glass. We will make this place a usual stop after Sunday games.
5	I like the new kid on the block. Delicious drafts and wine on tap. Great service, nice location, and homemade freaking poptarts. I've gotten entrees and sides, wine and smiles. I am quite satisfied with this place. That is why it has earned my five.
4	Been back almost a dozen times since my first review. Always great service.
4	I would really have to nitpick to find much to kvetch about at Angel's Trumpet.  In full disclosure, I know and like Matt, the owner.  My biggest complaint is that the place is not open for lunch.  I was stunned when I suggested the place for lunch, only to find they open late.The other night, I had three beer snobs out for drinks and dinner.  As always, the beer was fantastic, and the quality of the food has become consistently excellent.  The real star was our server, Chelsea.  Pretty, funny, and prompt without being obtrusive.  She had a ton of tables, and literally ran herself glistening making sure that everyone was taken care of on a hot summer night.
4	I have heard about this place since I moved out here in October of 09', I decided enough was enough....it was time ! It's so tucked away downtown I actually drove past it.  It was about 9PM on a Wed. and inside all tables were packed.  The patio was actually great and I like that they have all drinks written on a chalkboard as opposed to using just menus. I had a red blend of wine which was really yummy, similar to a Cabernet. The only thing I wasn't that thrilled about was their food selection.  I'm not sure why, but nothing really caught my eye.  We ordered "the mess" and shared between the three of us.  Brown gravy, cheese curds and fries.  They were pretty good, but I thought the gravy left little to be desired.  The thing that would keep me coming back would have to be the mellow vibe and man, I loved that patio.  I will eat before and be happy to quench my thirst on a flight of beers. :)  Want something low key, but a great atmosphere...this is it.
5	Oh man they have an AMAZING selection of STRONG beers!  As a craft beer nerd from San Diego, the CAPITAL of craft beer south of Portland, I was impressed.  And their pork burger with fried egg was AMAZING!  I am glad i found this spot before leaving AZ.  If you like craft beer and fatty foods to go with it, this is the place.  If you like budlight and carrots....for the love of God, change your lifestyle.The 6 drink sampler is perfect for a taste, but i really wanted to try more, since their beer is of a great variety (not just a bunch of IPAs and Wheats and Belgians, but they seriously ran the gamut) .  Will return if I make my way back to Phoenix!
2	I really wanted to like this place.  I was in with a friend a few months ago and we had a great bartender and I had a couple of beers but we didn't have any food.This time I came back with family and and we had food.  This place suffers from the more is better and more bacon is even better mentality that is in vogue with those that don't understand balance.  The meat pizza was good but over topped which made the crust go soft and bacon dominated all of the meats.  My wife had the summer berry salad special.  She liked it but said the dressing was too oily and didn't have enough vinegar.  I had the Garfield which is a turkey wrap with bacon and cranberry aioli.  The only flavor was bacon.  I really missed the cranberry flavor.  A simpler version done at SunUp is much more balanced.The beer selection was skewed bizarrely to +7% ABV beers.  There were only a couple of "sessionable" beers available.  The ESB I tried was flat and tasted more like a brown.  The house ketchup it terrible - it isn't sweetened and tasted like canned tomato paste.  It is bitter and sour and really ruined the decent fries that came with my sandwich.  If the place could lose some illusions and pull back a bit it could be a great spot.Oh, the place only had a few tables of people and noise level was horrible, maybe that is why the waitress missed my iced tea order, although the staff seemed to have no problem talking to each other for long stretches.  Given the spotty service and the fact that one of our glasses was dirty and my daughters soda had something floating in it, I won't be quick to come back.My wife commented that the bathrooms and the dining area were very clean.
5	Angels Trumpet is a really cool place to grab a microbrew, and the food is good too!They have a great selection of beers on tap and they always have new stuff to try. The staff is very knowledgeable makes good recommendations on the fly.Grab some friends, sit on the back patio, enjoy the view, and try a new brew.
4	I wish I could give a better review on this, but I only stopped in for a half hour or so. We stopped in on a Sunday afternoon,  pulled up and the private lot was full so parked on the street right outside. It looked like an absolute dive until I walked in and boom, the place really opens up and is really nice! Great casual, noisy environment and was pretty busy, but quick, friendly service with tons of different brews. A little pricey, but that's to be expected at a place like this. I can't wait to go back!
4	Great patio, great selection, but the service needs to be better.
4	My friends have been ranting and raving about this place for so long, and I finally tried it over the weekend. VERY HAPPY.I stopped in for a late lunch, and I had the avocado salad. It was filled with fresh produce and flavorful, fresh ingredients. It was exactly what I wanted on a hot AZ summer day. Perfect. I couldn't leave without trying one of the homemade poptarts. They are seasonal, and the ones I got were pineapple and spiced rum with brown sugar on top. SO SO FAB. It was like biting into heaven.Will definitely be going back. Lunchtime atmosphere was comfortable. Not too crowded, and there was a ton of good music playing. Overall A+ experience.
5	Fantastic beer selection & the food was great. With 31 beers on tap this place is for serious beer lovers. They even have 5 wines on tap. The food was great; the wings had 3 different sauces for dipping. The service was prompt & friendly. I will definitely go back!
4	Angels Trumpet has just about the best beer selection downtown, and they stock their taps with very many of the finest local brews. They also have an option to fill growlers to take home which is fantastic. Highly recommended.
4	This place has a really great beer selection and the service was great. The food here was really good and had great portions. They give you samples of a beer before getting it, which is really cool. This place looks terrible on the outside, but the inside is really nice.I did have one problem...the parking. It's terrible, I hate having to park on the street.
4	Honestly, i was avoiding trying this place because I thought the name made it sound like something it was not.After finally going, I am really very impressed!  The beer selection was incredible and the food just as good!  The patio is super nice and large, and as far as ambiance and decor, it doesn't get much better!Will definitely be visiting this place again in the future.
2	So this place had beer, and it's cool looking, so that's something. Unfortunately it has the same interior sound comfort level as a wood chipping factory. That is to say it's so freaking loud you will not, and cannot have a conversation. Clearly the owners are aware, as there are a handful of acoustic tiles on the ceiling, but they need considerably more. Service was so so, our server kinda tried but she had way too many tables to be effective. I ordered the pretzel app and I have never seen greasy pretzels until now. Their pretzels are more like mini-baguettes and they are super oily. The app came with a mustard and some kind of warm cheese sauce, allegedly. It was so weird, there was 0.0 flavor in the cheese sauce. None. Nada. Zip. The only thing it had going for it was that it was warm.  Our app came with no napkins or flatware and it took 20 minutes to find someone to bring napkins. Overall this place is better than a kick in the nuts- but it's not a comfortable place to chill with a cold beer.  It only makes me miss The Roosevelt even more than ever, and for that I tip my 40.
3	(Lyrics - Robbie Williams - Angel)I sit and waitAt Angel Trumpet Ale HouseAnd do they knowThe places where we goWhen we want a drink......'Cause I have been toldThat their craft beer sets the bars up highSo when I'm thirsty for a drinkThoughts running through my headAnd I feel the love is deadI'm loving Angels Trumpet Ale House insteadAnd through it all Angel's offers me 31 taps of selectionA lot of food and confectionWhether I'm right or wrongAnd down the waterfall Wherever it may take meI know that life won't break meWhen I come to call, Angel's won't forsake meI'm loving angels Angels Trumpet Ale House instead.Angel Trumpet Ale House is located in the heart of the cool and hip part of Phoenix.  What I mean is its where all the hipsters hangout.  It's all good!  I actually enjoy the atmosphere here.  It's not over the top nor do I have to dress my ass off - though I do anyways!  Like most hipster bars, I feel like I should ride my bike with a banana seat except I don't have bike nor would I get one with a banana seat.  Anyways, I ordered a special tonight, which was called the Garfield.  Not sure why really I guess the Chef's name was Mr. Garfield maybe.  It was pretty much a low carb tortilla wrapped with turkey and the fixins' along with some fries.  I didn't think much of it.  My friend ordered the Smokin Legs, which was roasted chicken legs, but she got 3.  It was obviously a lot for her since I think she only ate one and nibbled on her sides.  Needless to say, I'm not a fan of their food!Then again this is an Ale house!  I really do like this place because their selection of crafted beers.  Daily changes one what is brewing so that's awesome.  Instead of your usual Stella, Bud, or Peroni, Ale house offers some funky ass names and taste I can't describe.  Over 31 selections so it can be overwhelming, but take your time Angel Trumpet isn't going away anytime soon.  I say start with what you usually drink flavor wise and then work your way into the adventure side! - Enjoy!
3	Downgrading a star. I'm here at least a couple of times a month. Since it opened, the quality of the food has just gone down. Service has as well. I've had waiters simply leave things at the table without trying to figure out who the order belongs to. I was hoping their bright start meant a bright future. They still look like they have an amazing beer selection, and the place itself is cool. But the food just isn't as good and service is suffering. I'm hoping for improvements!
3	Downtown Phoenix is by no means lacking great places to drink and/or eat. On any particular night you can leave your house walk into a few bars/restaurants and end up in some fabulous places.  One I frequent often is Angel's Trumpets Ale House.  I belly up to this bar for 2 reasons: 1). With 30 some beers on tap that rotate often, (most within the same night!)  I ALWAYS have options. I appreciate a beer adventure - trying as many as possible - so that I can broaden my beer drinking experience/knowledge.  I've found some great favorites here (ie Hopslam, Pranqster, omg GULP) It's like bringing all of the nation's best beer to one conference, located right here at Angel's Trumpets.2). Space. There is lots of it. The spread is bright and open and with contemporary, upcycled decor - you really can't go wrong. Have a large group of people? No prob! Easy to accommodate. And with that patio in the back...give me a break! This massive patio (now with misters) is perfect for enjoying evenings under the Phoenix skyline. But the Beer and Space can't sell this place alone. Angel's Trumpets is missing something -an energy, a feeling, an emotional attachment that is found so easily in other places like Lost Leaf, Crescent, or Brat Haus, Four Peaks and even Papago Brewery.Sometimes I feel like I'm eating in a big cafeteria hall (unless I'm on the patio) in which every conversation bounces off the walls and floors. There is never any music playing - which blows as I feel it should be a crucial part of any outing. After all, music, beer, art and food are such important aspects of the downtown culture.I'm still yearning for more - and I'm patiently waiting.
5	If I could give it 4.9 stars I would... the only gripe I have is the Beer Board... they need to rethink the way they display their beer selection or provide beer menus. I get that the beer menu changes constantly so even more of a reason to make the beer selections clear and easy to read.Other than that it was a slam dunk, home run, and touch down! In the culinary sense of course. I regret not taking any pictures of our food or beer selections so I'll do my best to describe my experience.My company was great, the food was inventive, fresh, exciting, and passionately prepared. I had the Fun-Guy flat bread pizza... very rich and fit for two. I chose this because of the mushrooms and goat cheese... it could have used a lot more Fun-Guys and some spice! My company had the fish tacos which I definitely will get the next time I go! Possibly on my top 5 list of fish tacos and I'm originally from California! And I'm Mexican! The fish was fried to perfect crispiness perfection, the cabbage was dressed right and had that little spice you need for a fish taco of this caliber, and the beans! OOOOOH THE BEANS! All I can say is BOOM! Not your typical mexican refried beans but something from another dimension... hats off to the bean chef! As far as the beer goes... I always fall back on my frustration about beer... Too many beers, not enough brain cells... There was like 30+ different beers on the board so I decided to get a flight as did my company. We shared, we said YUMM, and we said YUCK... All depends on what you like... if you like a diverse selection of great beers you will Love this place!The prices were VERY reasonable, the atmosphere was comfortably loud, the people pretty, and the music... I don't remember the music... maybe they didnt have any playing... if not they should have...
4	Great beer but very crowded; though we did go on first Friday. I would definitely go back but would make sure to get there early to ensure we get a table.
5	25+ beers on tap and none are uber mainstream!I love discovering hidden gems in the central/downtown area and this is my latest discovery.  My mates have been raving about this place and I finally found time to grab a brew with them.  The decor is your typical modern/hipster with a twist of vintage thrown in.  The bartender that night was a lovely young lady who I recognized from Roosevelt Bar (which is now closed).  She was very knowledgeable and gave me wonderful recommendations based off of what I normally drink.  In short, this is a great place to grab a brew and reconnect with mates you haven't had time to see.  I will be here again very soon.
4	I kind of have a huge crush on Angel Trumpet Ale House! If you don't like noise. Try it on a Sunday afternoon. If you do like noise... Come any other time! The food here is meh... I don't think the burgers are anything to rave about. The Mess fries are yum! But let me tell you... You should try the PB&J with marshmallow fluff. My son ordered one off the kids menu and it was enormous! He didn't finish which meant Don and I got to try some of it. Amazing! Maybe beyond amazing... Life changing maybe. They make the peanut butter in house and the jelly has some spice to it which I love. And the marshmallow fluff just sends it over the top. I tried to replicate this PB&J at home unsuccessfully. My son will not let me attempt it again. On to the real good stuff. The BEERS! They have an amazing selection of craft beers from all over. They always have some amazing IPAs and double/imperial IPAs on the beer wall. Always with the different styles of lots of high gravity beers. Totally worth it if you like trying different beers without getting drunk. You can get flights of six different beers for about seven bucks. Don't forget to check out the seasonal menu with specials like on Sundays you can get a pitcher of a local brew for six dollars. Pretty smoking deal if you ask me. Definitely a place I enjoy and will be returning very very soon!
3	The beer selection won me over.  This place has all the charm of a hospital waiting room.  It's not a place that you want to kick back for a few hours and drink because its so bright and uncomfortable.  Aside from that the bartender kept trying to hand me my tab when I wasn't ready to go but dammit I was staying and trying every beer I wanted to try.  Or so I thought.  The beers are strong.  At the time I went, they have an excellent selection of IPA's, one nitro which was so fucking tasty, shit dreams are made of....I can't remember being this happy about a beer selection since I was at Papago Brewery - hey now there's a place you can spend a lot of time at - take notes Angels.
5	Just gotta love this place!  Love the beer sampler.  You can try so many different types of beers I've never even heard of.  Now I have about a dozen new favorites.  Great time, every time!
5	Just loved this place.  They know their beer and were able to make some great suggestions for me....because I don't know my beer.  My husband and I drank a beer or two and then turned to the menu.  It's fairly simple fare, but boy do they put a spin on it.  The sandwiches each of us ordered were unique and very very tasty.  The home made potato chips are divine, and my husband was really pleased that his coleslaw was delicious and the portion was large (unlike so many places that give you a tiny amount of  your side dish).My only suggestion would be that the beers be offered in a larger size.  It was explained to us that, due to the alcohol content, the beer is served in a smaller glass - but it was a little frustrating to hubby to not get a larger amount ---the beer is THAT good.Keep up the good work, Angels Trumpet Ale House.  We'll be back.
5	Angels Trumpet is my favorite place. Period. We are extremely fortunate to have an ale house of this caliber anywhere in Arizona, and I am so happy they chose downtown to call home. Where to begin...? The beer!!! 31 rotating taps and a killer bottle list mean that they have something for everyone. The staff are unpretentious and very knowledgeable so if you're not sure where to begin just ask. The design and furnishings are very well thought out. The food is dynamite and they run all sorts of delicious specials. The mural on the south wall is totally rad. The view of the skyline from the back patio any time of the day is unparalleled. So yeah. Favorite place. Anywhere. Hope they experience grand success for many years.
4	Walk into Angels Trumpet House and it feels like you've left Phoenix and entered a city like SF's establishment. At least that's what I think. The vibe here is very cool, urban, indie, and just simply brewtastic. It's brewtastic because they serve just about every cool beer you can think of. It's a very open environment with long tables and a spacious patio. Music plays over the loud pseaker, beer flavors line the walls and a large bar top welcomes guests to take a seat. Between the atmosphere and beer selection, if you like beer this is your place. It's also right across the street from Filmbar so a great stop before or after your indie film!
5	This place has some of the best and unique food anywhere in AZ.  Everything I have had is just hands down amazing.  Their beer selection is always great, except sometimes they are a little heavy on the IPAs.  This brings me to one of the best parts of this place, the people watching.  The "normal" crowed for this place will put the word Hipster to shame.  Plaid, Plaid, and more Plaid with some great thick frame glasses and Toms or Sperrys and everyone will love you.  If that is not your style go there to have some great laughs.   The wait staff knows the beer and always has great recommendations and will take care of all your needs. Even if people watching is not your thing go there for the amazing food and wait staff!!!
5	Everything about this place screams 'awesome downtown scene'. With their HUGE selection of great beers, delicious food (we had the soft pretzel app) and their big back patio, it's hard not to love this dr hangout. The staff at Angels Trumpet is fun, nice, and down to earth, which matches its atmosphere. This may have been my first time here but it will most definitely not be my last.Overall, if you want to have a good beer in a chill environment, head to Angels Trumpet Ale House.
4	Gotta love the chalkboard beer menu. Excellent & diverse selection (~25) beyond the normal craft and imports.  They turned over four kegs and posted new beers in the time we were there. The servers were attentive and the clientele was diverse and friendly. Biggest surprise? The food was very good. Interesting, but limited selection of sandwiches and pizza flat bread. Both sandwiches we tried were excellent -  good enough to go back for even if it wasn't an awesome beer destination.
5	Excellent beer selection. Best fish tacos I have ever had. Very cool vibe inside.The service was top notch also. Three of my friends and I got a table for 4, and 2 others showed up later and got a separate table on the opposite side of the restaurant. We asked the waitress for a larger table to seat all of us. They stopped at nothing to make us happy. Even on a busy Friday night, they were able to cater to us and eventually got the 6 of us together well before we began eating. The waitress earned her high tip. We'll be back again, no doubt.
4	I've never seen so many beers in my life. And try the tacos stuffed with mashed sweet potatoes, green chilis and cheese.  YUM!  The place was packed on a Saturday afternoon and now I know why.  So many more things to try on our next visit AND definitely a lot more beer to try!  I loved my beer, its #31...some Pilsner thing.  Perfect for me.
5	Fantastic beer selection for those seeking something different! Can be a bit loud. People mix is diverse but may lean hipster.
1	My first experience here was less than stellar but my love for beer is so deep that I'd sell my grandma to a sex trafficking ring for a growler of high gravity beer.  Denying myself some beer from the nitro taps at Angels has been agony so I came back in against my best judgement.I sat at the bar for a while before the bartender acknowledged me, no biggie, I was narrowing down my selection anyway.  I started to become annoyed though when he kept pouring tasters to the people next to me without even acknowledging me.  Finally, I get my taste of the beer I want to try and it's this little tiny pour that couldn't fill a thimble much less my mouth.  I thought to myself "is this really happening, why is this guy being such a d!ck to me."  I looked over at my neighbors taste glasses and he was pouring them half way. I tell myself to let it go, it's only a taste, just get your beer and move on.  But I couldn't get my beer, no. I had to sit there and listen to the customer next to me tell the bartender about all the beers in Germany she has tried. When that long winded b!tch took a breath I stole my chance to order a beer. He looked at me very annoyed and nodded his head and continued his conversation.  Then he continues to pour more tasters for the people he is having a conversation with.  Did you get that?  A paying customer tried to order a beer and instead he poured his friends more freebies.  I walked out.  When I was leaving I saw a gentleman that looked like he was important, I asked him if he was in charge and he said he was. I informed him his bartender was a d!ck to me and he apologized for him.  Thank you for that apology, good sir.  You have a really great establishment and I want your product but their are barriers keeping me from getting it. Please get rid of your staff, hire people who know about customer service and let me tweak the decor to make it more comfortable.  Do that and you'll have a loyal customer for life.
5	Great beer selection and has an awesome patio!  Dog friendly for all the animal lovers. Good food and friendly service. Definitely going to become a regular.
4	The animal burger and the fish tacos are amazing!!! Lots of beer choices but I'm there for the burgers! The putine is pretty good too.
2	I have been here three times, and now feel compelled to write a quick review.Visit #1: About a year ago, we were checking out a "new" place in our neighborhood. Beer was great, service was so-so, food was not good. The ambience was loud and lively, super hipster-friendly, and they have cool wooden tables. Nice, we thought; but the food sucks.Visit #2: Gave it a second shot, figured we ordered wrong. Nope. Food sucked again. I like good pub food, and I like to try interesting combos like bacon & pesto, things marinated in beer, and gamey appetizers like buffalo meat or venison something or other. They have all these things, and we didn't like any. We ordered a few items, and the waiter said they were out of several ingredients b/c they were changing their menu. Place was still packed, beer flight was interesting. Visit #3: We saw some killer pics online of their "tv dinners" and succumbed to our boredom and gave this place another try. Maybe the new menu was better, or they got a different chef or something. Nope. Food sucked again, and waiter was dull and silent. That's a grand total of around 4 appetizers, 8 entrees, and about a six-pack worth of crafty beers. Nothing great here food wise. Tips: Stick to just getting beer. They have no ketchup, only a tomato-paste thing for your fries/tots. Wait staff looked like they would rather be across the street at Filmbar.
4	Been here a couple of times now.  It's pretty much the closest thing to a microbrewery you'll find in downtown Phoenix.  Tons of beers (and some wines) on tap and the choices always rotate.  This time around I got a Hefe from a brewer in the Czech Republic.  For lunch I got what was essentially a BLT on steroids with super thick bacon, lettuce, tomato, as well as pesto.  Really nice compliment to the beer.  The place wasn't too busy since its a Saturday afternoon, but I'm told this place is packed with downtown workers during weekday happy hours.  They have a nice outdoor patio that is ideal when the weather permits, though I kind of wish they'd put something else out there like cornhole toss, a live music stage, or something along those lines.  Overall, the food is pretty good and the service I've gotten here is pretty friendly.  The food and ambiance won't knock your socks off, but the beer selection is really hard to beat.  Nice to have a decent brewpub downtown.
4	Don't let the blase exterior (with the exception of the amazing mural) fool you at this joint... it's MUCH bigger than it looks from the outside.  The only food I tried was their margherita pizza, which was fresh and tasty - but far from my favorite.  I will reserve judgment on the rest of the menu items until I try, but their beer selection is just impeccable.  Rotating taps with every kind imaginable, a great happy hour, and friendly service = must try if you love beer.  I really loved the open design, the back patio (especially between October and May) are perfect for this part of Phoenix.  It's like, for a moment, you forget where you are.  Very zen like, and peaceful place to enjoy a drink - at least until they get busy, and then it's still great, just not as quiet.  MUST TRY if you're needing a drink downtown, I will surely be back.
5	Awesome place to grab a beer after work! I have had several of their craft beers and the servers made great recommendations each time. I enjoy sitting on the patio and hanging out  when I'm there. Also, the owner Mat is very friendly and does a GREAT job making this a fun place to have a brew
5	What a great place!  Awesome beer selection, food and atmosphere. Downtown Phoenix has a much needed gem of a draft house. I will be back as much as i can.
4	Great selection of about 30 mostly European beers along with maybe five wines on tap. A pretty basic food menu. An $11 order of tacos gives you two tasty tacos, probably not enough for a full dinner. Nice, pretty spacious outdoor patio. Definitely go for the beer.
5	One of my top 3 places to go!  Excellent, ever changing beer selection. Loud enough where a loud child doesn't hassle others yet not so loud you can't talk.  Have gone with just my wife and had a blast and went with a group of 20 and had just as good of a time.  On our last trip, our server disappeared a few times for way too long, which was a bummer especially since we had a kid with a dirty diaper and had to get out of there but couldn't pay our bill.  But I won't hold that against the restaurant overall...the server seemed to be having her own issues.  Very diverse crowd, from retirees, to yuppees to hipsters, everyone seems welcome!
5	This was one of best places I visited while I was in Az. Its a must visit for any fans of beer.
4	We stopped at Angels Trumpet Ale House on Kerry M.'s birthday. I love the look of this bar! Very open and modern looking, also very hipster-ish. They have an large outdoor patio and don't even get me started on how tasty their pretzels are! What I loved about this place is that they have ~40 beers on tap and when one is empty, they add something completely new and then update the 2 chalkboards. It leaves you wanting to know what's gonna be tapped next. Love it!
1	After going to a great show downtown, we were looking for somewhere to go to have a couple of beers and some food. A friend suggested Angels Trumpet Ale House. We arrived about 9:30pm on a Saturday night, fully expecting a crowd. We were relieved to see there were many open tables and our party of 7 was sat right away. Great! We're off to a good start! After studying the menu and deciding what we wanted (we were starving and thirsty), we patiently waited for a server to come and greet us. 10 minutes went by. No server. 15 minutes. No server. 20 minutes. No server. While I would usually be understanding if it was busy (I used to be a server myself, so I have a high patience level), MULTIPLE servers were walking past our table looking like they had absolutely nothing to do. One male server was actually strolling around whistling with not a care in the world. We were absolutely in shock at the lack of acknowledgement we received by anyone other than the hostess. After waiting 25 minutes and still not being approached we all got up and left. On the way out, the hostess said cheerfully, "Thanks for coming in! Have a great night!". Sure, we probably would have had a great night if we actually would have been served. It takes a LOT for me to complain about service. As I said before, I have been a server, and I know how stressful it can be...when it is BUSY. This place was NOT busy and had plenty of servers. We ended up leaving frustrated and hungry. We will not be giving this place a second chance, nor can I recommend it to others after the experience we had. Horrible service. Absolutely horrible.
5	Great beer selection, TONS on tap. Also lots of wine to choose from if that's what you are in the mood for. I had their brisket tacos which I highly recommend. Outdoor/indoor patio style seating. A great place to people watch there are a large variety of people from all backgrounds and ages that comes here.
4	Looking forward to trying this place before it opened. Got to go and I had a good time yet the staff came off as a bit too cool for school. Other than that, great, great beer selection. If your a newbie, try to beer flight for a great introduction.  Good thing to share with friends.The food had variety such as Spam burgers, which are fantastic. Price about average meaning a little steep ranging from 5-10 for a beer. About usual for these places though.Overall, will probably go back hoping the staff's aloofness was a one time thing.
4	The beer selection is hard to top & the freshness of all of them is amazing! You won't find crap in stock here! I had a red ale to start. Red ales are notoriously poor tasting as they are not very popular & sit too long(never fresh enough). This red ale was a game changer! Fresh, crisp & delicious. My boyfriend had a Belgian triple-also very good & fresh. We each had a burger. Mine was great & the fries were good too, just a lot to eat. His pork burger was a bit too rich for his liking, but he loved it, but his coleslaw missed the mark (fresh, but not exactly what you might expect coleslaw to be). The ambiance is nice, hipster/industrial type. I just felt it was a little less than welcoming (maybe too sterile). I will definitely come back & recommend it to anyone-especially beer lovers. Also, I can't wait for a Tuesday off to try their TV dinners!!!!
4	My review is only on the food from just one visit and not on the abundant selection of over thirty craft brews they offer on tap. I also noticed a selection of wines on tap and a very nice large dog friendly patio.I ordered what I think was called the avocado salad and it really was among one of the best salads I ever had anywhere. It was unique and interesting and something better than what I would have at home because I wouldn't take the time to smoke my own beets. The combination of creamy avocado, mild goat cheese and smoked beets with those tasty little just the right amount of toasted almonds was quite a sensation in my mouth. I will have to steal that one as it really was that good. The greens were very fresh and above average and the dark meat chicken option was tasty and cooked just right. I also enjoyed the supreme segments of grapefruit as they added so much brightness and freshness and really cut the richness in the salad. The salad had everything going on it was really good.My husband had the matador sandwich, it was pink beef with onions, peppers, mushrooms, horseradish Havarti cheese and a pretzel roll with two dipping sauces and fries. I didn't taste it but I thought it looked good. My husband said it was good but would have liked the peppers cooked more and more of them.I would like to try the beer sampling option next time.I thought the meals were reasonably priced. If I remember correctly the total including tax was around $23.00.
5	This place was great!! Walking in you see a large chalkboard with about 30 beers. They are rotating kegs so when one is finished they replace it with another beer from a different brewery. I had an epicenter which was so great tasting. There are letters that are next to the beers which tell you what glasswear the beer is served in. We also had the farm flatbread. Which was also pretty tasty! It was kind of messy though because it wasn't cut all the way and the utensil they give you is a fork and a really dull butter knife. In the end you just give up and grab what you can and just eat. Lol. I think our waitress name was Chelsea. Very friendly and attentive and quick to serve. Will be back here soon!
4	I've been here multiple times. I'm a guy that loves beer. The ONLY reason why I'm NOT giving this place 5 stars...They have a HUGE, actually 2 HUGE chalk boards where they post the 30-40 or so beers they have on tap. Which is awesome. But I like to sort of have a selection of different types and a history on the beers, like where they are from ect... The servers usually know but not every beer. So you either have to ask, know or look up on your phone, plus it's sorta hard to read, just overwhelming. Other then that, the patio is dog friendly. I've spent a day or to on it drinking with a friend and her dog just relaxing. They even have water bowls for the dogs. The food selection is a bit limited but they best thin on the menu is the meat pizza, the shit is probably one of the best pizza's i've ever had.Oh and you can fill up your personal growlers here too.
5	Well I'm a chile relleno eatin' motherf***r, motherf***r!   And let me tell you, I've eaten a LOT of 'em at a LOT of different places and have had some that were a bit lack luster  (i.e. Chino Bandido's Cheez-Its crusted awkward chile relleno) and a lot that were as delicious as I thought (at the time) they could come.  Tonight I had Chef Brian's chile relleno "TV Dinner" at Angels Trumpet that officially takes the cake as the BEST chile relleno I've ever had.  No joke.  So good, in fact, that once I'm finished, I should pay my cheque, walk straight into the kitchen and shoot the cook.  Why?  Because this chile relleno was so good that I fear it is upsetting the balance of the universe and that's what I do; I restore balance to this universe.Although it was Mexican to eat, I was in the mood for a Belgian and after a long process of consideration, ended up taking my server, Brendan's, suggestion and ordered the Affligem Brouwerij, a Belgian Tripel.  This ended up being a PERFECT suggestion for both my beer mood and pairing with the delicious food.  I have never been disappointed with Angels Trumpet and will continue to go there until my level of satisfaction is severly compromised.  I assume that will be approximately never.
4	Lots of beer to choose from here. I love the cycling selection, but it makes me a little sad because I usually don't get to try everything on the list. unless i want to be a raging drunk...which never happens. I have not tried the food, but all the pictures look delicious.Get there early if you want to have a group table to enjoy drinks. Otherwise suck it up and wait.
4	This is my updated review.  I originally reviewed in February, and I have gone back to Angels Trumpet Ale House a couple times after that.  My second time was in the summer, I stopped in for some beers during art walk and I ordered the poutine again.  I was so thoroughly surprised about how much the dish improved.  It was absolutely fantastic and was even better than home (they put green onions on top which were a great addition).  The most recent trip was for lunch during the weekend.  We stopped by for lunch before hitting up a matinee at the Film Bar that is right across the street.  The patio was a great way to enjoy the weather and drink a couple beers.  I ordered a burger with an egg on top.  I was never so impressed with the presentation of the burger.  The bun had a since shine to it.  It came with a huge side of fries that are very good.Because of these more recent experiences and the quality of the food, I have increased my rating.
2	The food is decent, the beer list is fun, and the bartenders are knowledgeable. However, I've never encountered a more rude or unwelcoming wait staff. I won't be returning here unless obligated, because of the horrible service.
3	Great modern spot and an amazing beer selection. The hostess had a major attitude problem and the service was awful, it took 10 minutes for someone to come to our table. I'll try it again but if hte service is the same I won't return.
5	Great atmosphere. Tacos are so incredible. Don't even get me started on the pop tarts! TO DIE FOR. Great to come hang out with a bunch of girls and have a great time. Can't wait to try some of their ales the next time I come here (which will definitely be in the very near future)!
4	The 30+ minute wait was worth it! Packed place on the Saturday night I visited. I finally had a chance to check this place out with friends and was not disappointed. Granted, I only had one beer but it turned me onto what is now probably my favorite brew! I had a Lost Coast Brewery Tangerine Wheat. It had the perfect amount of citrus, was lighter on the tummy than say a Blue Moon or Shocktop; the typical Wheat beers that are available at most restaurants. The temperature of the beer was perfect. Staff was very knowledgeable about the beer selection, which changes every day. Actually, after my glass of Tangerine Wheat, they had just ran out and replaced it on the giant chalk board display with a new wheat selection, it was called Heife WEISS Hell! My visit was complete or else I would have tried that one, too. I did not eat on this visit but the food passing by for other tables looked delicious. I'll be back for some grub and possibly enjoy a flight next time so I can find my next favorite brew!
4	Had matador burger tonight spicy yummy. We also had another burger and the peanut butter pretzel dessert.  We have been here many times and always great service and food.Bison hot dog,  the nutter,  all the apps. you really cant go wrong here The beers change all the time so you never get bored. And they have the wine on tap so it's a reasonable price.  The kitchen DOES close an hour before the actual closing time , so be sure to make note of that.Also, you wouldn't think it but they have a great sunset view from the patio.  Note the sunset time in PHX and don't miss it !!!! Cant think of any other ground level downtown place with a great view .
2	Came here for a friend's birthday celebration.  I didn't eat but my companions seemed generally satisfied with their food.  I had a cider that was delicious.  The service went from good to bad.  At one table, we were served promptly and the waitress gave us separate checks.  We changed to another quieter table and were told by our new waiter that he could not split up the checks.  That caused a huge headache amongst our group and we left with a rather negative impression.
3	It was good. The server was really nice, but nothing spectacular from other places we've seen.
1	Might have been great if the server ever brought us our drinks. Waited 25 min, said something, waited 5 more, and bailed. Not even crowded on a Sunday night.
4	As strange as this review might be, I am completely a fan!  We stopped here near the end of our First Friday night out with friends.  It was insanely packed and so we grabbed a couple chairs in the back corner.  Our waitress was still very accommodating and served us quickly with beer and drinks.  Don't ask me which of the many beers we ordered because I can't remember......Because all I can remember is how insanely divine and delicious our dessert was!  We ordered the salted caramel flatbread that came highly recommended to us by a friend (see my picture I posted, #147).  It is completely homemade on a nice thin crispy flatbread.  Peanut Butter.  Caramel.  Marshmallow fluff.  Chocolate Chips.  Honey.  Pretzels.  If you aren't drooling yet, I feign to say there might be something wrong with your salivary glands or taste-buds.  I want to head back sometime to soon to try their beer, TV dinner night, and enjoy a table with some good friends.  I'm a fan Angels!!
5	Love this downtown location! Angel's Trumpet House has a great mix of professional, urban, hipster locals in a great and fun environment.You can't miss it from the street: with the brightly painted angel mural taking up the full length of the building.Inside, they have a huge selection of beer, with plenty of seasonal selections. On the most recent outing, I tried a gingerbread lager which hit the seasonal spot.I haven't met an item on the menu that I don't like. I could go on about the pretzels- amazing! I order them every time I'm there. But I can't overlook the flatbreads or the hamburgers. All are delicious. During the summer, it is nice to grab a cool brew on the patio (which is also dog friendly).If you are looking for a great spot downtown- add this to your list!
4	The outlaw burger may have changed my life. Awesome food and even better beer. XXV from North Coast, CA is excellent. Great little joint. We were in and out quickly and everyone enjoyed the experience. I highly recommend.
4	I have a hard time deciding what to write about Angels Trumpet, not being a fan of beer, it's hard to give any of the breweries around town a fair shake. On their menu they've got items like spam sliders, home made pop tarts, flatbread pizza. Their beer menu is lovingly written on chalkboards around the bar and there's a huge ton amount of them; a real measurement BTW, look it up in any engineering book, if you can't find it right away, just keep looking.Again, while we've already established I don't really love beer, I have partook from time to time, it's unavoidable when all your friends are doin it ;-)I do enjoy their tasty salads, have sampled a number of other items from the menu and have never experienced anything I wouldn't order again; except for maybe that weird dessert pizza thing. It's like a big mixture of things from around your kitchen that you would make and scarf down when you've had one or two-welve to many. I love the hip downtown atmosphere and it's a great spot to gather with friends or randomly run into them, cause everyone is usually already there.Happy Yelping Phoenix!
5	Cheers! This place is awesome! Over 30 artisanal craft beers on tap with an ever-changing and always pleasing selection. The variety of beets is to be applauded, friendly staff and a fun atmosphere make this one of my favorite places in town. I come in regularly. They also have an impressive food menu.
5	I come home once a year for the Christmas and I all make certain I stop in and have a nice cold Beer and I order the mess with an egg along with their great chicken wings!!  I wish that I could find a place in Wisconsin where I currently live.
4	Great handles! Best pop tarts in the world. Lots of fun!The taps rotate often. The patio searing is okay. Overall a great place downtown
3	Lots of good Oregon beers, should replace Full Sail with Double Mountain.  Food was good.  Fairly high hipster quotient, it'd be right at home in Portland.
4	Two words: TV DINNER.That's right, every Tuesday, pop on over to Angel's Trumpet for a massive, hearty, down-home TV dinner served on an actual compartmentalized tray filled with good old fashioned comfort food.   If that brand of gluttony isn't your thing, try any of the sandwiches and you'll be totally satisfied-- the food here is a major highlight, no question.  I'm a wine person so the place gets one demerit for the very limited (and usually not-so-tasty) wine selection.  But because it is billed as an "ale house" I can't get too picky about it.  My beer-guzzling family raves about the beer selection and the flights that let you try a little bit of everything.  If they're happy with it, it must be grand!  The atmosphere is my favorite thing about the place.  The lighting is perfect, it's spacious but cozy, and there are a variety of seating options including a great outdoor space.  It's great for small gatherings and large happy hour outings alike.   A few words of advice:1.  TV dinners start at 6pm and they are limited quantity so don't expect to show up for a late dinner and nab one-- they'll be sold out!2.  ATAH is closed on Mondays! 3.  They don't open until 3pm Tuesday-Thursday so don't expect to grab lunch or an early happy hour during the week.  Cheers!
3	The atmosphere at ATAH is definitely cozy with a hipster vibe. There are a lot of beers for you to try and I made the mistake of ordering a pinot noir, which was served too cold. I would suggest sticking to the beer if your'e a wine snob; it is, after all, an ale house.  The empanada I tried was pretty tasty. Wings are nicely portioned but I'm not sure if the accompanying sauces matched very well. I also had a few bites of the sausage platter, which was hit or miss. Service was very slow. I gauge slow service by jokingly contemplating a "dine-and-dash." I would never actually do it, but when I keep thinking about it, a server somewhere doesn't want to take our money. So overall, ATAH didn't leave a great impression but I'm willing to give it another chance.
5	Simply the best most daring and creative Pub food on planet earth!  Well, perhaps just in Phoenix but still exceptional.
4	Loving the patio!
5	This has just become one of my favorite Ale House's/Pub's not just in Phoenix but in the world!  It's got a great vibe right in the middle of Phoenix's emerging Central City area with lot's of good beers on tap and great food - We visited last on First Friday and were expecting it to be crowded when we got there around 5 pm but it wasn't too bad - It did get busy later around 7 when we left though - Need to go back to try more of the food - excellent and well priced!
4	If you like beer and good, above-average, pub food, you'll like Angels Trumpet. 35 Rotating taps of beer you don't find at other pubs. Would have earned 5 stars if the hostess, some young girl, wasn't rude. Other servers were great. Knowledgeable about beer and friendly. The space can get chilly as the whole back wall opens to an awesome patio. If you get cold, bring a sweater.
5	What can I say? Easy parking, fresh food and service with a smile? No complaints here! We will definitely be back. But next  time-we're playing some cornhole!! Who's WITH me?!?!
4	Every time people from outside of Phoenix see pictures I post of Angels' TV dinners (only served Tuesday nights), they are astounded that that much food only costs $7. As my visiting NYC friend said, it's practically free _ or at least a killer bargain. It is a little bit like Christmas morning when you look and see on Facebook what Chef Brian will be serving for TV dinner. Past entrees have included fried chicken, meatloaf sandwich, pulled pork sandwich and chicken skewers. They always come with sides (thank god there's only enough to fill those little TV tray compartments) and a dessert. I would already be a fan of Angels without the creative TV dinner nights. Even though I don't drink, the atmosphere here is fun, lively and so not pretentious. And it's always fun to people-watch. I used to think it was dominated by hipsters but I see white-collar office workers, men showing up in a bowtie and jacket look like possibly an ASU professor. It's very rare that you encounter someone crazy boozy. Also, the patio is a treat. They turn on the misters in the summer and they have a board out there as well with what's on tap. The comfort food on the regular menu is amazing as well, the pizza and the sandwiches (you have to have at least once the nutter--peanut butter on sourdough with raspberry chipotle jam and marshmallow fluff and for an extra $1, peppered bacon). They also have big, fried spud tacos with sweet potatoes. A little too spicy for me but otherwise delicious. My only beef (or should I say pork?) is why on Earth would you serve spam sliders? I tried one on opening night and I could barely make it through half. Not worth the skyrocketing sodium levels. For the desserts, the "pizza" with marshmallow, pretzels and chocolate is so-so. But the housemade poptarts, I could inhale. A definite treat worth getting!This has become one of my go-to spots for visitors or if I feel like I deserve a treat for the week. It's one of the best gastropub-restaurants to happen to Phoenix.
5	Simply the Best and perhaps most daring and creative Pub style food on planet earth!  Well, maybe just Phoenix but I promise, you will NOT be disappointed!  The vibe and beer selection is simply out of sight!
4	I love this place for their many rotating taps, because they almost always have at least one Sour on the menu, and the service is usually very good.  However, their food leaves a little to be desired.
4	Great knowledgeable staff taste bud explosion must do when in Phoenix go on weeknight if possible!
1	AWFUL SERVICE. Selection changes daily, which makes it a fun place to go. A couple servers are good and knowledgeable. The food is ok, but overpriced for what it is. You pay for the trendy atmosphere. We came in at 10:40, and as we were seated, they let us know the kitchen closes at 11, so we should order soon. At 10:50, we had to find a server. She had been servicing a nearby table, ignoring us. If you happen to order anything you don't like, too bad. They will charge you for it regardless. Ordered a beer, and it tasted sour. They explained how they could not exchange it for anything else, and would still charge me. WTF Bad business to refuse to even offer something different. Worse to charge a customer for something they do not want.
5	This is one of my favorite spots!  I am hooked on the spud tacos.  The pizzas are also very delicious, and of course the amazing selection of craft beer.  I have enjoyed everything from Meade to Sours to IPA's and Stouts and everything in between :)
4	man do i love this place.  excellent and always diverse selection of beer available.  the crowd is a mellow bunch and it's downtown location is really ideal. the food selection is minimal but the flat breads and pretzels are really tasty.  perfect place to go if you're looking for some really unique beers and a great relaxing atmosphere.
3	I've been here multiple times over the past couple years withe different groups of friends or dates or solo...  And always with the same result.  I want to like them. It's great beer usually and I appreciate the look/construction.  But parking is atrocious. The service has been horrid on every occasion.  Whether sitting at the bar or at a table, it takes forever to get served or have orders followed up upon to put it mildly.  The food is ok. Not great. Not bad. Just ok for the price.  I keep hoping the service improves, but it just hasn't. It has gotten to the point where I only stop in for rare beer events now. And even then I question if it's worth giving them the money given the lack of service/hospitality. Recommended.  But only if you're not in a hurry...
4	Love it. Hip indoor-outdoor bar/restaurant in downtown with loads of seating, 31 beers on tap and a good food menu.The building is huge and its got a great modern feel to it with exposed brick and brushed concrete floors. There are lots of windows, so it feels nice and bright on the inside. There's a huge bar and loads of tables and hightops, but even late afternoon on Saturday this place was packed.The outdoor area is fun, with Adirondack chairs and Bags, and an awesome view of downtown. And the outdoor patio area is dog-friendly! Next time we'll be bringing the pups!With 31 beers on tap you're spoiled for choice. And they rotate the beers with some local and national microbrews, so its easy to try something different. The menu is stocked with, interesting appetizers (spam sliders!), big hearty sandwiches and cheesy flatbread pizzas. Will definitely be back!
5	Super good food! Flat bread pizza, awesome! Got to get the Mess too! Oh and Really great beer selection!
4	Spam!  They have Spam! Yeah that compressed, salty, meat from a can.   Ok, ok...I realized I may be the only one excited about this, ESPECIALLY since they are known for their FABULOUS rotating beer selection, 30+ on tap at any one time.  They also offer some wines on tap as well.  Order up a flight or 2 (6 tasters of  your choosing of any of the listed beers) and expand your beer palate or go for a pint of your favorite. Their menu is quite complementary to their beer offerings. Ok, now back to the Spam.  Now trust me on this,  when Spam is done right it can be quite tasty.  They do it very well here.  Their Spam Sliders, as a meal if you enjoy Spam as much as I do, or nicely shared.  It is fried to crisp perfection and served on toasted Hawaiian bread  with a Sriracha mayo coleslaw.   My other Spammy favorite is a Sammy, the Churchill Grilled Cheese, you pay a lil extra for the crispy fried Spam goodness (or bacon, you really can't go wrong here) but it goes so well with the melty deliciousness of smoked mozzarella and fontina cheese.  You have to come and check out their Tuesday TV dinner meal.  A TV dinner like compartment tray comes to you filled with yummies that vary every week (Main dish, side or 2, and a dessert). These are not Hungry Man meals  but you won't leave hungry.   Make sure to follow them on Facebook to see what they are serving up that Tuesday and get there early because it has been know to be a sell out option.   I love this place, but, "Why only 4 stars?", you ask.  Well, it gets quite loud in the main restaurant area.  Every sound kind of carries and you spend your time speaking loudly to have a conversation.  So when the weather is good I like the patio mostly because the noise issue does not carry-over to the patio.  Always, check their Facebook for fun and educational events and "classes".  I recently attended a "Cider School" here on a weekend before they opened for business that day.  In attendance were Woodchuck and J.K. Scrumpy brewers/reps.  We tasted 6 types of apples commonly used in cider making. Tasted several ciders, including some that were not even on the market  yet. Oh don't let me forget the food pairing.  The most fun I have had in a long time.  [That event itself was a 10 out of 5 stars, LOVED IT]
4	I really like this place - SOLID 4 stars.Angels Trumpet Ale house is a gastropub conveniently located near Downtown Phoenix just a blocks walk away from the Lite Rail. My experience here tonight was very short, unfortunately I didn't realize they close early at 12 am. In the 30 mins I was here I was able to enjoy a delicious beer, take in the view of Downtown Phoenix from their patio and even received advice from their friendly staff on where to grab a late night meal in the neighborhood. This place easily earns it's 4 stars from me for its eclectic mature crowd, location, extensive beer selection and good service. I'll be back, the star rating could go up if the food is up to par with everything else.
4	My husband and I had a dinner at Angel's Trumpet for ~15 friends to celebrate our elopement. We came in at 2pm on a Sunday. It is an awesome space. Perfect open-air seating and spacious layout. As soon as we got there, the manager immediately started putting a row of tables together for us on their patio. Our server, Brendan, was clearly knowledgeable about the beers (noting their alcohol contents, nuanced flavors/characteristics, pairings) and provided polite and timely service. Our food was delicious! Brendan also gave my husband and I a FREE and absolutely scrumptious homemade pop-tart: chocolate cherry, so GOOD. I will let my photos speak for themselves. My *ONLY* complaint is that it was really tough to find an updated menu online. Their business website needs work. Other than that, I had a wonderful experience. Keep up the good work, Angel's Trumpet!
1	I really wanted to like this place, I really did. My husband and I sat at the bar, and after about a minute my husband had to point out to the bartender that the table needed to be wiped down. Were given menus. We stared at the beer menu on the board, and we probably looked like idiots, but no one ever came over and asked us anything. We finally waved a waiter down. Asked for some suggestions, all i heard was mumbling, didn't want to help, gave us a sheet and told us to put the numbers down of the beers we wanted to try. Gave us our flights, never came over to ask us if we liked anything in particular or if we had any questions... nothing. We also ordered the Porky pizza. The concept is great but there was waaaaaaaayyyyyy to much sage on the pizza, totally overpowering. I had to dig in and take the huge pieces off so I can eat the pizza. We paid, got up, not a thank you for coming, nothing. Don't care. Thats fine I don't care either and I won't come back. Go to Four Peaks Brewing in Tempe. Great crowd, great beers, great atmosphere, great bartenders!!!!!!!! Or Brat Haus in Scottsdale!! Great food and servers are very knowledgeable and actually CARE if you like the beer or not!!
1	I was looking forward to trying this place after reading a number of the good reviews. I should have read more of the bad ones because unfortunately they better reflect my experience.The boyfriend and I visited on a Friday night. It was busy so we put our name on the list - no problem. The hostess said it would be about 20 minutes. It was very crowded by the host stand so we went and waited outside, right by the door. 20 minutes came and went and we never saw her come out so we went inside. After a minute or so, the hostess came up to us and said "oh, I couldn't find you guys. I can seat you now." Couldn't find us? We were RIGHT outside the front door. When there are 20 people waiting in the "lobby" wouldn't you think to look outside? So she takes us to our table but did not bring menus so she said she'd be right back. She never came back. The waitress came up to greet us and we had to ask her for menus. She must not have liked that we asked for menus because she was crabby and short with us the rest of the time we were there. (Actually, I assume it's because we didn't order beer. Or she was just a B.)Boyfriend ordered the burger and I ordered the grilled cheese with spam. We both got fries. The fries were meh, the ketchup was weird - more like pasta sauce and the sandwiches were pretty meh too. They weren't bad but they weren't great. They were forgettable. Writing about my sandwich now I honestly can't really remember it vey well. Not a good thing.After we finished it took forever to get our bill and they never cleared our plates even though we were clearly done eating. We ended up just shoving them to the side and left with barely a thank you from our waitress.Needless to say between the crappy service and the sub-par food we won't be back.
5	I really love the food, atmosphere and service here.   Sitting at the bar is a far better experience than at the tables.  Definitely go for Tuesday night TV dinners ($7 dinner, with $3 drink)... they have never disappointed me.   Love the deserts!  Very casual and fun place to go for dinner. I highly recommend this place to anyone.  The only meal I didn't like very much was the sausage plate.  The matador sandwich is my favorite.  But if I go on a Tuesday I definitely go for the TV dinner.  Burgers are also great!  Pizza is better at other restaurants, not my favorite thing here.  This pizza is more like flat bread.
2	The pup-friendly patio, neighborhood location and rotating beer taps are what keep me coming back.The menu- I like the concept, but the execution could be better (with the exception of the grilled cheese...honey & pesto! Yum!) I have heard good things about the TV Dinners on Tuesday, so maybe I'll have to try that out. I don't think there's much of a happy hour either, maybe a dollar or two off a beer?The service- Almost always painful, and painful to watch around me, especially at an outside table. Pretty slow, negligent, and they don't seem to care. The strangest thing is nearly every time I have been here, I have been asked to close out so the server can "get their drink on, too." Multiple occasions, all different servers. Were they trained to say this? I get it, but it's also a bit lame. If you're really lucky, the bar service can be a little better. But then I can't bring my dog which is half of the reason I like this place... & now I just confused myself.I do keep returning. Guilty. But not nearly as often, and each time with hopes of improvement.
5	Stopped in for a beer.  Just awesome selection and superb service.  Would definitely recommend for foodies, beer snobs, and folks looking for a cool place downtown.  Check it out!!!
3	The food is just ok.  The beer was so fun to drink and the staff is really helpful in suggesting what to try.  Will come back here!
4	First visit was a great one.  Had a blast with good people and tried probably too many beers.  Thankfully I wasn't driving :)  The place was slammed SLAMMED, but some friends had already been there for awhile and had been able to get a table before I showed up so there was no waiting for me.  Straight to the beer!  That said, there's a lot of craft beers that you may never have heard of.  Do the sampler, try as much as possible, that's my philosophy.  Some of this stuff will catch up with you.  The Beast was 19% ABV!   Wut?  :) Glass wall at the end of the huge cooler gives me something to stare at and drool over.   Love the huge outdoor patio.    Lots of patio heaters out there.   Parking can be a challenge.  The only thing I can think of that might be undesirable is that there are homeless people hanging out just on the other side of the back wall to the patio.  They even have mattresses and junk out there, so it appears as if some of them sleep out there.  I'm not so worried about them, other than that they lend trashiness to the area.  My girlfriend, on the other hand, was a bit uncomfortable with going by herself out to her car to get something she forgot, and I can't blame her, so I went instead.  Great spot, except for the very limited parking, which might force you to have to interact with the homeless people.
4	I'm a HUGE fan of the Tuesday night TV dinners. $7 gets you a generous portion of a creatively presented, inspired meal. I've experienced the Salisbury steak and the carne asada tacos and found both to be exceptionally enjoyable! I truly think the whole place is clever! I really like what they're doing and I plan to keep returning.
4	Was out and about this last Saturday with some pals of mine on a bike ride and decided to stop in.Would have to say I have truly enjoyed ever visit I have had there (always sat at the bar).  Never had a complaint about service. This last time though we took a table outside since the weather was too nice not to take advantage of of the one table that happened to open up outside. Felt lucky considering it seemed to be pretty busy at the time.We were greeted by our server promptly and provided with water just as quick.  we requested some sample tastings of a few brews and per usual I always appreciate their diligence in offering for us to taste our beer selections before we had them.Than onto our food orders.  Having a full lunch just before our ride I had decided to stick to my 1 beer for the time we were there. My friends needed food and ordered the wild BLT (Alligator) and some pretzels. I am an avid fan of this place so I made a point to try their plates.The alligator brat was amazing. would only suggest that it be in a bun rather than a wrap??? wraps seem to better accommodate meats that area cut or sliced. Just my opinion. The pretzels were great! I am always astounded when I go out to eat and a restaurant cannot gets pretzels and cheese right?? I know I am not the only one thinking this. The portion size was generous so no complaints there either. the ketchup is made in house = Awesome. Can get some real flavors out of it rather than vinegar and sugar.I only have to knock this review down a star since this time being sat outside I did see a bit of a lag in service times between our food order and drink refills. Nothing we felt we needed to complain about since we were in no rush that evening but I did notice a few tables scanning the floor for their server more than a few times.side note: last time I had visited the bar was with my roommate and having showed up to an empty restaurant mid day we expected prompt service but were quickly derailed by a bar crawl that came in filling the floor from shoulder to shoulder and taking priority over our service. Was a bit annoyed but again was in no huge rush. but still, Priorities!!Love the place and the brew selections! ill be visiting again no doubt!
4	When I was growing up in Florida we had these flowering bushes. The flowers were called Angel's Trumpets. Rumor was, if you dried out the flower, you could smoke it or something, and it was hallucinogen. Supposedly they're very poisonous to animals as well. I don't know if any of that's true, but I grew up with a very uncanny respect for this floral bush.   When I heard of a pub called Angel's Trumpet Ale House in dtphx, it brought back all those memories of mysterious curiosity. I had to get there as soon as possible! It took me six months... Anyhow, I finally got to ATAH and it was a cool place. They had a good beer selection, and I was lucky enough to end up here on TV dinner night. What is TV dinner night, you might ask. Well, it's just how it sounds. For only $7, you get a meal served TV dinner style. It's pretty much TV dinner quality too, but I got a good laugh from the whole experience. The presentation actually reminded me more of a school cafeteria lunch than TV dinner. Either way, there was a certain childish joy that came from eating that meal served on a tray with each food item separated into its own little trench.I can definitely say I'll be coming back to Angel's Trumpet. In the meantime, I'm going to check Google to see if any of those flower rumors are true.
4	Great beer and good food had gaucho tacos liked them but not loved, pretzels were ok and nuttie flatbread was a very good dessert!
5	What a gem!  The food was great and the beer selection was magnificent.  The staff was highly educated on beer their beer selections.  Atmosphere was great and there is some good people watching.  It's a must do if you haven't been there and it's kid friendly.
4	Got the Brewlee burger. Got it cooked medium rare just as I asked, and it was really good. We also split wings and pretzel apps that were very good. I'll definitely be back to try some of the other cool menu items they had!
4	I really enjoy this place. Great view of the city. Really enjoy the beer and food selection. My only complaint was that the last time they were there it just wasn't properly staffed. It was a beautiful day (and perhaps it's having lived in Chicago for 9 years and suffering through cold where when it got nice EVERYONE was outside), but if I had a restaurant I would assume everyone would be out and on my patio. The servers were working extremely hard, but there just weren't enough of them.
4	My husband and I love this place. It has an amazing beer selection and it is new every time. They currently have 31 beers on tap! They also have 6 wines on tap. All the food we have had has been really good. Their pizza is great! The only reason I give it a 4 star is because they don't have a happy hour and it is pretty pricey.
4	They have thirty beers on tap and it's always an interesting selection of top quality choices from around the world.  This last time I had a Tool Snowball Saison from Denmark.The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable.  On a nice day the patio is a great place to hangout.
4	Met up with my friend and her mom for some day time drinking. Was not disappointed with this place. Great beer selection and the poutine dish was perfect. Will absolutely be returning
5	Five stars just for the beer selection. Four stars for the food and four stars for the service. Never a disappointment. Location is 5 stars and this place is clean. Overall, I round up and it gets the five star. I am not a five star tramp stamp.
4	Two stars for the beer selection: 30+ on tap.  They also have this thing where you can order a flight of 6 beers of your choosing (about 6 oz. each) for $9 if you're undecided on which beer to get.  It comes in a muffin pan.I ordered the animal burger in beef (you can get it in chicken and pork too), medium-rare.  It was a little overcooked, but still juicy and damn tasty.  The pickled grilled onions went fantastically with the bacon.  The fries were a disappointment because some were soggy and the 'ketchup' sauce on the side tasted like spaghetti sauce.Our server (Ashley was her name if my beer-impaired memory is not mistaken - she has tats on her calves) was attentive, fast and nice.  Easily found a table here pre-Spring break on a weekday.Best part of the meal: drunken public cornhole (not what you're thinking - get your mind out of the gutter people).  Otherwise, known as bean bag tossing (ok, seriously, you need to see a psychiatrist if you're still looking for a sexual innuendo).  Loser for each round drinks a shot of beer, making the game everso difficult as time passed by.
4	Huge selection of local and international beers on tap. I like the changing of the beer menu throughout the night! Awesome college type crowd with plenty groups of women! We didn't try any food, next time. Place can get pretty packed. We got there around 10 pm and was standing room only. A spot definitely worth coming back to.
5	I have been here twice and this place rocks. They have a fantastic selection of beer and the most amazing beer-battered fish tacos I have ever tried, The server was great and the ambiance is always nice.
5	Great place and great food! I tried it during a First Friday event. Very good choice.
3	This place is 3 stars and no more. Reason why..I've been here 3 times now and I will say the environment and people who are customers seem cool but the staff needs a complete overhaul. It just doesn't click. This place could very much be a great place but the waiters just don't rub me the right way and haven't since the first time I have visited here. At times they aren't attentive and at times aren't kind. Try this place, and see for yourself.
4	Saturday afternoon during spring training and it's very open. Nice staff. Comfortable seating including outdoor. Lots of taps with great variety.  Food has interesting bar food options. Grilled cheese with bacon jam is great!
3	Great beer selection. Food is really good. Nice open atmosphere.TERRIBLE SERVICE. That's the biggest turn off at a restaurant that is border line great. Their horrible service is the only factor that stops me from becoming a true regular here. And I don't mean regular by Yelp's standards. I've checked in twice so now I'm a Yelp regular.  I will be back because the good food and big beer selection, I just really hope they step up their service game.
5	Very few places capture the essence of eating in the middle of Phoenix quite like this one. With 30 revolving micro brewed beers, a menu that is simply delish, you simply can not go wrong here. My wife and I started with the "Hot Mess Fries", it was served hot with gravy, wonderful. I got the "Animal" burger, blue cheese and onions along with a custom sauce, best burger I have had in a long time. My wife got the "Trucker" pizza, loaded with bacon. Combined with a couple of micro brewed beers, and we simply could not finish everything! Our server was extremely knowledgeable and friendly. Eating on the patio offered a wonderful view of Phoenix, and there was more than enough room. Don't delay in trying this place out, you won't regret it!
5	Stumbled upon this place when looking for something somewhat near the Airport. Food was amazing and not your usual run of the mill menu. I'd recommend the Casper pizza. Beer selection is incredible too. Great outside seating area with a cool hipster vibe. I'd eat here whenever I am in this area.
4	Great place to go for some amazing food and a huge craft beer selection. I have been multiple times and I am never disappointed. They have great pizzas, sandwiches, burgers and a really nice atmosphere.
5	The service was not amazing, but I just don't care.  The food was too outstanding for the service to matter.  And the beer selection... just order your customized tasting tray and you will find out!  My hubby and I are self proclaimed beer snobs, and there were many beers on the menu that a)we had never heard of and b)were super complex and delicious.  Whoever is curating the beer selection is doing a great job.  We ordered two types of tacos ( I forget what they are called on the menu): one fish and the other pulled pork.  They both came with a side of an amazing avocado dip that went perfectly on each type of taco.  The beans that came on the side were so flavorful and smooth.   I may dream about these tacos in the future. This place seems perfect for after work happy hour.  They have a huge patio and corn hole set-up.
4	My previous review about the food still applies - absolutely amazing! I got the Brewlee Burger again. I want to try out those homemade poptarts sometime!A friend and I went here for lunch yesterday. They were fairly busy, but that didn't stop this place from having great service last time I came. We waited (after our drink order was taken) at least fifteen minutes before our food order was taken. It wasn't too much of a problem though (except we were hungry) since we didn't need to be anywhere else afterwards. Once the order was taken we got our food within another fifteen minutes. The service was decent but has been better.The atmosphere is amazing, like always. I'll definitely be back and continue to recommend this place to friends.
5	The food here is always good, best restaurant vibe in Phoenix, and tons of rotating taps. Totally awesome stuff.
5	Great beer selection! Sure, the menu is "bar food", but give it a try - the burgers and the peanut butter flat bread dessert are delish! We've had issues with service but I enjoy the beer and atmosphere too much to care. :) Oh - and the outside area is dog friendly!
5	This busy, bustling gastro-pub makes for a fun night out.  Cool, open decor inside with a long chalkboard displaying a tempting list of great craft beers.  Part of the fun of drinking and dining here is anxiously watching as one of the staff removes one beer from the list and replaces it with a new one.  And the food -- so good.  I had the wings and pretzels (just appetizers for me this time) but the burgers, sandwiches and pizza my coworkers had looked good too.  The wings were seasoned and flavorful, cooked perfectly and served with a unique chunky buffalo sauce, an awesome chutney and perhaps a ranch or tzatziki sauce (I wasn't a huge fan of this last one except for dipping the accompanying carrots and celery). The pretzels, though awesome, served mainly as a delivery device for the savory and delicious beer cheese sauce. Lastly, don't pass up on the homemade pop tart!  Our table split one order and it took a lot of willpower for us all to avoid buying individual ones for ourselves.  That night they served apple cinnamon ones.  They were more like toaster strudels, but that's a good thing!
4	Fun atmosphere, really quick getting my two flights of beer. Had the smoked pork outlaw burger. Pretty good! Lots of folks having a good time with beer on a Tuesday night. Will return next time my quest for beer brings me to downtown Phoenix!!
5	Awesome food and great service! I went here for my lunch during a work day and they were fast and the food was the most delicious I have ever had for "bar food". Great for a Downtown Phoenix stop for lunch or dinner! Plus it has a great atmosphere!
5	This place is incredible, i'm not one to often go out for burgers. But when I go to Angels Trumpet it is always the Brewlee Burger that comes with a fried egg. Be sure to get the fries that comes with their home made ketchup (you;d be surprised how likable this side sauce is). I think that's all you need to know... wait the Beer! They always have new beers to try, order the flat which will give you six samples of the beers of your choice. Outside sitting area with space to play bags.
5	Picked this place based on the reviews from yelp while at a conference for work.  If you like scratch made food with eccentric ingredients you will love this place.  Hip clientele and a nice outdoor patio make this a great weekend, dinner, lunch or weekend eatery.  Beer is great.  They only keep small kegs of beer so the selections changes continuously throughout the night.   Beer selection is on a chalk board.  Fun!I had the matador and it was great.   We shared the sausage plate and wings and it was probably too much for four people.  I would save room for the entree.
5	Really glad I was able to go here before leaving town.This place is a lot larger than I thought it would be. But just as packed. My friend and I decided to by-pass the wait time and just sit at the bar.Hello beautiful wonderful taps. Why yes, I will sample you.We got ourselves a couple samplers and perused the menu. Some kitchy offerings (spam sliders), and some good old standards.  I decided on their grilled cheese w/ fries. And it was awesome. Not too greasy, and not too cheesy. Yes, that's a thing.  I was told by the patron next to me that I had made a huge error in not ordering the tots, but to each his own.This place has become quite the trendy, sought after spot. If you love craft beer, brave the line/ wait/ heat.
4	First of all, I drove past it because the place is so nondescript.  I thought I had the wrong address for a minute.  It stands right next to an empty-open-dirt lot right across from the Film Bar. Once I got in, I immediately like the open-flow of the place because it carries from inside to outside effortlessly. The layout is quite laid back and they even have lounge chairs outside for some real relaxation. I also thought that the blackboard listing all their drinks had a nice eccentric effect to it.  We went on a Friday late afternoon and the place was semi-full but completely full two hours later.  I enjoyed the Farm flat bread pizza topped with delicious veggies.  I loved every bite even though I'm not a vegetarian.  My two friends each enjoyed the Flight which is a muffin tray that holds six small glasses of different beers of your choice.  I was too hungry so I didn't go for that.  But if you go there on a full stomach, it's a great choice if you want to try almost all the drinks.
5	Great beer and great food.  We had the pizza and it was very good to go with our flight sampler.
4	I love this place! I tried it last June while my sense of taste was gone.. such a bummer. I have been back since but now that I have a wheat allergy (diagnosed) it isn't as fun beer and food wise. I still take out of towners just for the show of the tap wall. I can drink the wines and they have gladly destructed a wrap or burger for me before. I love the atmosphere and it is a great mellow place for Sunday Funday, though you could make it crazy with a few invited friends!!
5	This is an absolute can't miss in Phoenix. With 31 constantly rotating taps you will find old favorites and new. Beers do repeat on occasion, but there is always something different awaiting you. If bottles beer is more your style you can ask for that menu and try something completely new. There are also 6 wine taps if that is more your style. The food is absolutely phenomenal. It's all made in house so it tastes fresh and it is delicious. They have a seasonal menu as well. I really can't say anything bad ... Other than they are closed on Monday.
4	Corn hole! Yes...not many down town places have games but they do..the food is excellent!  And the beer..always a treasure to seek out! Dessert? oh yeah..the pop-tart....yum!
5	Fun place to hang out on a Saturday afternoon! The spam sliders are crazy good. Awesome service! Beer and wine on tap. Casual atmosphere.
5	A Haiku Review of Angels Trumpet Ale House:Attention beer nerds:This is your official bar.I'll see you there soon.
5	One of my go to place these days if I'm looking to chug (I mean drink) some good beer. The selection here is one of the best I have found so far in the Valley and includes 20+ taps of a multitude of beer styles.The offerings range from common year round beers and seasonals, to imports and some of the slightly harder to procure stuff (If only I had actually enjoyed that Bourbon County Brand Stout - woops).Service is usually pretty quick even when crowded (as it can be on the weekends) and the food menu is delicious, sober or otherwise.  Definitely a fan of the wings, and spam sliders.  Need to try the tv dinners in the future. They have a nice outdoor patio and seating area as well where you can enjoy a game of bags/cornhole.  Who doesn't like cornhole?Honestly, if you are into craft beer or just beer-curious you need to try this place out asap.
5	Great Downtown choice! Killer craft beer selection and scrumptious comfort food.
4	Great place: Nice selection of local brews. Really great to find a bar that doesn't sacrifice food quality. Four of us ate there and everything was excellent: guys raved about the burgers! Angel wings and avocado salad were also yum.Only drawback was that the apple strudel could have really used a nice scoop of ice cream. Oh, well.
4	Horrible service time after time after time. I'd like to say it adds to the charm but it just doesnt. The staff isn't rude or anything. They just have a habit of looking right through you. And if you want silverware to accompany your meal well forget it. Still, we come back week after week after week because they really do have an awesome assortment of beer and who can resist the Tuesday tv dinners?!?
5	This place is in A class by itself. Can't compare with anything else in the valley. It's Awsome.  Great food. Clean restrooms. Not to crowded.
3	Cool place. Best selection of beers on tap! Beautiful clientele. I just wish the skinny dude brooding behind the bar would smile. I don't like to be grimaced at when I am trying to chill with my $7 beer!
5	Incredible ambiance that matches a unique menu. The salads are delicious and the simple menu packs a punch of flavor. A huge drink menu will pair with any of the menu items. This place is a jem.
4	Great beer selection. Friendly atmosphere. Had the Farm flat bread. Delicious and nutritious! Fun place to go after a dback game. Highly recommend.
4	Great place to have a beer. Especially after having a long hike in the Phoenix summer heat
5	Awesome and plentiful beer choices, Spam sliders, homemade pop tarts, Tue TV dinner night, and super friendly bartenders. I'm not sure how it could be better.
5	Brilliant selection of beers that are always revolving and interesting.  Cool menu choices as well and always has a good vibe.  Can get very busy but we always seem to get served in a reasonable time.If you are into craft beers, then ATAH should be on your list to try.
1	The food was good. Beer selection is really good. The reason I'm giving it 1 star is because how terrible the service is. We were reluctant to come in the first place cause the service was bad last time. Good thing they have good beer and food. Bad thing the server. Took their time to refill drinks. Take orders. Check in on us. Then took forever to bring the check. If I come here again it'll be for the beer. And hopefully the bartender is decent. They should reconsider the requirement to look like a hipster and try to hire more qualified people.
5	6 flights of the sampler brew is the best way to go and try numerous kinds. Pork Animal burger is the best burger I've had. Definitely will be coming back.
5	My husband is the craft beer lover of the two of us, however, we both loved this place. The staff was very knowledgeable and helpful. Drinks were great, good was yummy (and very unique), the atmosphere was very modern-seemed like the place to be if you frequent the area.
5	We visited here in the afternoon before heading to a friend's wedding later that day.  It was exactly what we were looking for, and it gives me hope for the Phoenix area.  The downtown area is a huge contrast to the urban sprawl of the rest of the Phoenix metro area.  We didn't have any food on this visit, but it looked really good.  The beer list was impressive, a good variation in type of beer and brewery location.  I tried the Dragoon 3 Goons Belgian Tripel, The Petrus Aged Red sour ale, and the Founders Porter. They had good music and a lot of seating, including a great outdoor patio.
2	This spot has a cool vibe but what was not cool was the fact that the sprinklers on the outdoor patio were not on continuously.  It was over ninety degrees out and the sprinklers were only on every 15 minutes.  When I asked that they adjust it, they never complied.  You can't offer outdoor seating if you're not going to offer some concessions for the heat.  We live in the desert! As for the food it was ehh.. I ordered the BBQ burger.  Too many onion straws and the BBQ sauce just wasn't good.  It added no flavor value.. The highlights were the bun and the side salad.
4	It was quite crowded on the night of first Friday event. Service was a bit tough at the bar -- not that responsive to our orders. But once we got out table, we were taken care of pretty quickly.For those ale drinkers seeking some new options - do try out this flight combination: 6(kunig Ludwig), 18, 19(corne du devel), 23(krombacher), 30(saison), and 31. Quite tasty!Also tried the farm pizza from the menu - have to say the pizza was tasty and the cheese on it tasted expensive ;) though it seemed as though they poured a whole salad packet onto the pizza to give it a "farm" feel, overall the pizza was delicious an with the flight -- perfect combo!Good place to hang out and chill in downtown phoenix!
4	Was there a year ago in the heat and for some reason they had left the doors/walls open! Ugh! But they redeemed themselves on my last visit!Love that they have wine and beer on draft, their flatbreads are great as are their wing and fries!A great place to meet friends after work!
5	Loved this place! Walked in and felt an immediate energy from all the patrons. Friendly staff/server.  Ordered the beer flight - so cool to make your own choices - 6 of them to be exact. Spam sliders were divine. Ordered the burger & fries (wife) and the flatbread pizza. It was ALL fantastic! Best thing was the prices. Our tab was $31. Don't know how they stay in business, but I sure appreciated the low bill. In Scottsdale we would have easily paid double for the same exact food. Don't overlook this hidden jem folks, and let's keep them around. They are a real Phoenix treasure.
3	Beer 5 starFood 3 starService 1 starAtmosphere 1 starNot as awestruck as I had thought I would be. Food was very hit or miss. Recommend reading the menu very well or you could get someone's attempt at a sweet savory burger that is too far in either direction to blend well. Do try the wings and the hot pretzel. The Matador was pretty good too, reminded me of a Philly steak sandwich but on a pretzel bun. My husband had the "Meat Treat" flat bread pizza. It was good but we had to ask the waitress where it was, she returned to tell us "they are remaking your order, it will be up in a few (was not a few) minutes." I realize it's Friday night, and they were busy, but after our initial seating we had to flag the waitress down for everything and then she would disappear again. Once I flagged her down, she would immediately dart off, and I'd have to say "WAIT.." or she'd take one person's order and leave without asking if anyone else needed anything.The ketchup that was served with the fries, was pretty awful. That needs to go. The house pop tart, tastes very much like the Pillsbury dough boy made it. I'd recognize that overly sweet vanilla icing anywhere.
4	My only complaint... and yes, I am nitpicking... is that buns on the burgers are horrible. Everything else I'm a fan of. Good service, great beer menu, great patio.
2	Avoid the ketchup at all costs. It tastes like ground up tomatoes and that's about it, please stick to what you know or try more spices. Hamburger was ok, but the fries, well I will stick to the frozen kind at home. This bar seems to push their beer selection more than anything else, but I wouldn't get your hopes up in regards to the food.I'll give two stars for effort, but that's it. It's nice that they are trying new things, but move on from what doesn't work. I'm looking at you homemade pop tarts.
5	The beer selection is always nothing short of amazing. And staff is friendly and well educated on the beer and wine on tap. The food here is delicious as well and a bit unique with its taste most notably with the Casper flat bread. But its stellar none the less. Out of the countless times I have been here I have never had a bad experience. Except maybe a wait for a seat at the bar which is okay the beer is more than worth the wait!
5	Rotating taps. $9 flights. Best pretzel bun in town. I've never left unsatisfied. If I had to complain, it gets super loud in here.
4	Really enjoyed my visit. Thank you betsie Boop for the amazing service. Had the brewlee burger and was super impressed. Cooked medium rare and they nailed it. Fries were ok, chipotle ranch sauce was a highlight for me. Plenty of beers to choose from. Nice atmosphere. Great place to enjoy some food and beers with friends.
4	If you love craft beer, this should be your go-to or a night out when visiting downtown phoenix. The ever-revolving selection of beers on tap and available beer flights make beer-tasting an adventure. If I had one complaint, it's the difficulty of finding seating for a group every time I've ever visited, even after calling ahead. This is a great problem to have, but it's a solvable problem.
5	Love this place! Always have great service and their specials constantly change. They have a massive selection of beer and wine. I always can find something to drink.Gets a little bit noisy at night.
4	The rotating beer selection, location and buffalo (?) bacon dog are great (whatever, I always get the same food). The patio is pretty nice on cooler days. The noise level inside makes me go a little cross-eyed, though the interior decorating is my style. Average all that subjective ish together and it calculates to 3.5 stars. Oh wait, I can't pick 3.5? Fine, I'll round up to 4 because that's the rule in maths.
4	Great food highly recommend this place to lots of friends. Everyone has enjoyed it so far. I wish they were open for lunch I would eat there more often!
4	Headed here on a 'red basket Thursday' with some friends...WOW! This little gem is tucked away and when you find it, you won't regret it! The variety of beers is amazing, truly something for every palate. We got two flights and tasted a dozen different fantastic ales, stouts, blondes, IPAs, you name it. This day's red basket special was a brisket chili dog - delicious! Then we found The Mess (poutine) on the menu... *drool* They do it right, with delicious seasoned fries, real cheese curds, and thick turkey gravy. Everything we tried was stupendous, I recommend this spot for all!
5	In from Dallas and our party sampled several items on the menu, not one wasn't excellent. This place is amazing and will be an automatic every time we're back in Phoenix. Our server was very helpful and made our visit here that much better. If we could have given 10 stars we would have !
1	I can't say anything about the food/drinks(as we never got to order any), but the service here was by FAR the worst I've ever had. I went with a group of people, and we were seated outside. This was understandable, as they were busy, but we had planned on staying for a while. I figured asking to be moved inside when they had open space wouldn't be a problem. I was wrong. After waiting over 15 minutes from initially being seated, the waiter finally comes around. I asked him to be put on a waiting list to be moved inside. He very snobbishly tells us we probably can't, but he would ask. Another 15 minutes later another employee comes by and basically tells us there's no guarantees of us being able to move inside... yet I saw many open tables that they placed other people at. The group I was with and I decided to leave before even placing an order. I don't care how good people claim the food and drinks are here I will NEVER come back.
5	Beer selection was excellent with 31 micro brews. No bud light here. Great happy hour with $3 for 3 diff local beers.  Homemade pbj, grilled cheese and moose drool ale wings. The deserts are most impressive with home made pop tarts and salted flat bread with house made peanut butter house made marshmallows Dark chocolate chunks and honey drizzle
4	Great place to get some awesome beers. I always have fun picking out the flight combination of the night. I realized that I'm a "save the best for last" kinda guy! The food is really good too. But I wouldn't bank on getting in for dinner during peak times...I probably wouldn't even want to with how busy it gets.
5	One of my favorite places! Love coming here for a laid back night with friends, to enjoy great food and awesome beer.
5	This is a long overdue review from several months ago.  I went with a group of friends for brunch and got a dish with a rotating wild game.  I can't remember the name of it any longer.  The game that day was alligator sausage if I remember correctly, and my table ordered four of them.  One of my friends asked for something to be held out of his.After some good conversation our food started to arrive.  Strangely, everything but the three unaltered dished with the rotating wild game came.  When our server stopped by he was surprised that they were all missing and went to investigate.  He came back and told us that the printed copy that went to the kitchen was difficult to read and looked like there was only the special request my one friend wanted even though all four were on there.  He rushed the remaining three dishes out, and they were excellent.When It came time to settle up our tab, our server had the manager take the three delayed meals out.  We didn't ask for that and no one in our group had any kind of complaints about the service.  He got a great tip out of it.  We had a great experience and will definitely be making more trips here.
4	I can see why people might complain about the customer service. The hostess (we'll call him stuck up hipster dude) was un-engaging and sort of rude. Fine. No problem... we'll just sit at the bar. The guy at the bar (we'll call him lumberjack) was helpful and allowed us to try a beer before we made a decision. We liked the bar, it was comfortable and friendly. The beer... I love the selections. There is a constant rotation of what is on tap, and the prices aren't bad at all. I supposed the chalkboard style menu can be a bit confusing, but it could be worse. Beats printing out new menus every day.I got the rodeo burger with extra bacon. HOMERUN. So awesome... the fries very were good, I liked the ketchup substitute they serve... it fit the meal perfectly. I left with a happy stomach!We eventually moved to a table once our group showed up. Again, stuck up hipster dude wasn't much help. I picked the table I wanted when he couldn't find any words to use. Our server was soft spoken and reports from the other side of the table were that he was a bit drunk (based on smell). He did his job well though. We got our orders and drinks refilled. Functional alcoholics don't bother me too much. My friend loves this place and I can see why, I'll be back for many more visits.
4	Large selection of beer and very laid back ambience. Perfect for a relaxing saturday night with good friends. Would give it 5 stars if I didn't have to setup my own corn hole boards. How hard is it for them to already have it setup so I don't have to do the hard work?
5	So far, so good... Friendly staff, clean... Beer for days... Pretzel (rolls) are tasty!! Custom beer flight.... Can't wait to come back and drink my way through the rotating board. Unassuming from the outside but the funs through the door... Get on in here!
4	Great beer selection.  The wings and sauce were out of this world.  Cool restaurant.  Loud inside on a busy night.
5	Amazing food. The pop tarts are pretty much the most delicious thing in existence. It's a weird week if I haven't come here at least once, and it's always consistently wonderful.
5	The food here is amazing! Try the wings with the brown ale sauce and the outlaw (it's a southwestern burger)They make all the food themselves and it really shows. I found myself scarfing down their homemade catsup with particular vigor, and I'm not a catsup lover... Or even liker.Be sure to get the poptart for desert, it's always good.Of course I have to mention the 31 craft beers on tap and the trendy, hipster ambiance; but honestly I'd come here for any one of these awesome attributes... This place has it all!Want great service? Ask for Cindy. I've sat with her a few times and she always takes great care of me.
1	NEVER GO HERE! WAITED AN HOUR TO BE SERVED! SNOOTY WAITER!So my last review, though strongly worded, was pulled down by Yelp. When I inquired why, no one responded so I am reposting this review because I value your time and money just like I do my own.I arrived at Angel's Trumpet at 10pm to meet friends. I am always leery of new places my friends pick. They just show up without checking reviews or they listen to bad reviewers who rave about the place. Angel's Trumpet was bad except for the Beer selection which is exciting. After ordering my first two beers at the bar the waiter showed up and asked what I wanted at 11:00pm! An hour after I got there. When I said I was starving and wanted food I was informed that the kitchen was closed. I was busy socializing with fellow medical school classmates that I have never been out with (we call it networking since these will be my colleagues) to notice the time so when the waiter (and that's what he made me do...wait) said the kitchen was closed I was shocked to see an hour went pass. I tried to order a round of shots and was told they do not have liquor. I tried to order a glass of wine and was told that they do not have wine. I tried to order a beer and was told they were closing in 15 minutes. I asked for a beer menu and was told that they do not have menus. WHAT DO YOU HAVE! I was informed that I had to go up to the bar and read the big chalk board behind the bar for the beer selection. I pointed out, if I have to go to the bar to read the beer selection then why would I bother coming back to order through you when the bartender is right there in front of me!I grew up in the restaurant business so I know circumstances are all based on timing. I saw the four star rating this place has so clearly many people like this place and have very good experiences. Maybe it was bad timing, but for me the waiter was an HOUR LATE, THERE WAS NO MENU, AND I WAS DENIED EVERYTHING I ASKED FOR FROM THE WAITER. To make it even worse the waiter copped an attitude because he is bad at his job. I have bad mouthed this place for a month now and I will continue to bad mouth this place to everyone I meet. Having Yelp pull down my review just angers me even more and I will now post on every site I can think of in the near future.I never saw but one waiter maybe two that night. Way too little for such a big place. IF YOU VALUE YOUR TIME AND MONEY STAY AWAY!
3	The Wings...that is all.
4	We stopped by after a movie at the Film bar for a few drinks.  Sat on the patio with the misters going.  Good service and the wings were great.
4	Really good selection of beers, and very reasonably priced beer specials. Didn't eat anything, but the menu was very original and interesting. Met and talked to some cool folks, good looking crowd. Really liked this place.
5	If you like beer, might be the best place in AZ.  Prices are great and the staff is really down to earth and helpful.  30 beers on tap. Food and atmosphere is up scale but very homey and relaxing
5	The burger had a nice charbroiled taste and it came with this marinara sauce. the French fries were seasoned with the right amount of sea salt. They also have a great selection of beer but I really couldn't  tell you  how it was cause I don't drink.  The restaurant had a very green environmental friendly look and vibe. They also have bottle coke
4	Food was great (pretzels and the nutter sandwich were awesome), beers (especially the selection) were great and I loved the vibe and location. Though the service was pretty bad. Took forever for our server to get us anything which turned a quick bite into a long ordeal. I will be back but will not expect to be in and out quick.
2	Excellent choice of microbrews and food is pretty damn good...love The Mess (poutine) and Burley Burger. Unfortunately, every single time I have been there...the service straight up sucks, so we stopped going. Great vibe of a locals haunt, but you get this pretentious hipster vibe from the waitstaff who take 15 minutes before you see them for the first time, then it's like pulling teeth to get them to come back.there is a fine line of bugging the shit out of people and giving them their space to enjoy them self, but they go to the extreme end of practically ignoring you.  I'm very empathetic to the service industry because I grew up in it, but if you expect people to give you a good tip, much less even return, you need to be attentive and engaging. I'd been 5-6 times bc I love the atmosphere, microbrew and great food, but after the continued attempt at giving them another chance and the same result from the waitstaff...I'm no longer going to waste my time or money.
5	Food and beer here are amazing.  I live downtown and try my hardest not to go here all the time since I want to try other spots. The service is pretty good even when busy and they have a TV so I can watch some games.
4	If you're visiting from out of town, I think you'd appreciate this. It's not too Phoenix, but it's in Phoenix which makes it cool. Tons of beers on tap, that change out all the time. So if you're a beer drinker then this is your place. The outside patio is really nice and the vibe inside is great as well. The menu is unique, they make their own catsup and that's interesting. good meat plates and good veggie plates. I'm positive you'll leave here with a smile. The only reason I didn't give it a full 5 stars is that most of the waiters/waitresses I've had were just not up to par in speed and friendliness that you would expect from a place like this. There was just some excitement missing from them.
4	Went late night with friends and my chihuahua. Nice patio area. Outstanding beer selection. Very good food selection for late night. Attentive service.
5	Great variety of beers on tap, good food and such a chill atmosphere. What more could you ask for?I'm used to beer gardens like Yard House and was thrilled to find a place that has beers on tap from local breweries to beers from states like Utah, Colorado, California and Hawaii here.I started off my Sunday with beers with Khoa N. and an order of "The Mess" aka poutine. The server was really helpful in helping me pick out a beer, I was feeling like having a Belgian and I concluded with a Belgian Rye Ale from Borderlands, Arizona. Crisp, light, with a bit of bitterness at the end it was refreshing and oh-so-delicious with my mammoth plate of poutine. The poutine was hands down the best I've had (though I've never been to Canada to rightly judge). The fries were seasoned well, great texture, turkey gravy was rich and homey and the cheese curds oozed with the heat of the gravy. Not that's a mess I can deal with! The portion was huge, enough to feed 4 as an appetizer!The server who helped us was great, gave awesome recommendations and checked back on us frequently. The atmosphere is casual, effortless and reminiscent of many of the restaurants in Seattle- think wood grain, black and open ceiling.The brews, the food and the service is awesome. Two thumbs up for carrying local brews! I'm all for supporting local businesses. Khoa N. and I inhaled as much food as we could and downed our beer leaving our bellies full and left happily!
5	Our favorite tap house in AZ!  Angel's Trumpet has a fabulous selection of beers...I have been exposed to so many delicious drinks here.  Love that you can select the beers you want in your flight!  Also, the food is amazing!  As a vegetarian, I am usually stuck with ordering a vegetarian burger at other places, but they have a TON of choices here.  I love the grilled cheese....with pesto and honey.  YUM!  Stop by and check it out!
5	I LOVE this place simply because of the beer situation. There have almost 40 different beers to choose from! A flight is nine bucks and comes with six generous samples in a muffin tin. Anytime someone from out of town is visiting,  I bring them here before we go bar hopping.  They have a private parking lot and a bike rack which makes getting here and meeting friends convenient.  I do try to avoid this place on Friday's during their dinner rush,  the wait can exceed an hour.
5	PHOENIX, AZ: Came into town late and arrived just before the kitchen closed.  They were super gracious to whet my appetite with some of their best and well-reviewed fare.  The ambience is cool and very new American (high tables, wood tones, creative understated lighting, music is groovy and a little louder, very casual, a lot of beards eating here).Tried two server recommendations: the pretzel and the fish tacos.Pretzels (4.5 stars):  These were very good, among the best pretzels I've had.  The plating was done artistically, the pretzels were soft and spongy, and the dipping cheese and mustard were flavorful.  Guppy Fish Tacos: (5 stars) Outstanding!  Huge fish portions that were fresh and delicious, spicy aoli, excellent guacamole, wonderful salsa.  Every element was right on for these tacos and I enjoyed them tremendously.The service, ambience and food were excellent on this visit, five stars.
4	Really good food and awesome beer selection, but the place can get packed at times, and their hours are quite limited. If you have 2 hours for lunch on a Friday, and you want some good beer and good food, you really can't go wrong. Parking can be somewhat of a hassle, but look at the meters on McKinley if there is nothing available in their parking lot or out front. Hot tip: if you like variety, their 6-beer sampler is not a terrible deal at $9 because their pours are always more than the advertised 3 oz each. Also, they have a phenomenal selection of stouts right now, if that's your thing.
1	Wish I could say something about the food or drinks, but the staff and manager were so incredibly rude to our large party that we left. We work in a large office nearby, and we routinely go out in large groups. Most places are very accommodating because they want the business- here, the manager acted like he was doing us a favor by allowing us in his restaurant. None of us will be back, and we're telling everyone in the office not to go here. Also, on a side note the bathrooms were disgusting.
5	Stood there with mouth agape perusing the chalkboard again, again and again.   The pressure to choose the right beer... no, make that the perfect beer!  Do I feel like a larger today? (yes)  IPA (yes) Amber (yes)  Stout (yes).  With thirty some craft beers and wines on tap, beer drinkers are frozen with indecision which probably is annoying for the bartender.   You just can't go wrong here --  you just can't.  The problem is both good and bad: the kegs are constantly rotated so you can never develop an affinity for a favorite beer (bad) but you're always discovering new beers (the good).  I never met a beer I didn't like.Any rate, I stopped in for lunch and a beer.   Today, I ordered the Big Guppy tacos and wow!  4 good size strips of beer battered cod in two tacos with slaw, guac, salsa and some killer beans!  With food though, you can establish a favorite and the BIG GUPPY is now my favorite and comes highly recommended!  Then again, the Wild BLT wrap is  a hard one to kick to the curb.   Oh yea, that one beer become 4 or 5 as conversations at the bar are easy to start and difficult to end -- especially with all that good beer flowing!  Kind of reminds me of the public houses back in the midwest -- (those with fish fry fridays!)
4	I'd never been here until yesterday, when we stopped by as part of the Urban Ale Trail. I was very pleasantly surprised at how the employees handled the craziness. While some of the other locations were packed and short staffed, these people were on their game. They have a great beer selection, and a really great staff. I'll definitely be back.
5	We're visiting Phoenix, trying out the Angels Trumpet Ale House on a recommendation overheard from others. This place is incredible! There were 31 craft beers on tap and they served 6 different wines on tap as well. We split the Matador with slaw and the Churchill Grilled Cheese with fries. Both were incredible! We'll be back to Phoenix, to eat here again!!
1	I have visited twice. I loved it the first time. Second time was a disaster. Lunch time on a weekend, the place was slammed inside, but had plenty of space on the patio. After 45 minutes of waiting, we decided to leave. I stopped the bus boy 3 times and asked for them to mention to the server we were ready to order drinks and food. I stopped two other servers who said we weren't in their area, and they would get the person who's zone we were in. She appeared once or twice, quickly running to other tables, while ignoring ours. I can't say I am interested in returning after wasting a trip. There appeared to be some sort of event that that bar was aware of, that they completely failed to adequately staff for (a mid day pub crawl type of thing). I watched a couple of other groups walk out as well. They lost a lot of business that day.
3	Atmosphere was fun. Asu game was on. Amazing beer selections. The food-... had the fish tacos 'the big guppy'. They tasted like nothing, with a side of vinegar cabbage slaw and avocado mash that had waaay to much cumin, and sort of made it inedible. :/ the ratio of fish to tortilla was good if we're speaking dollar value but not to enjoy without taking a piece out. Their 'housemade' ketchup is super fresh and amazing for spaghetti- not fries. Thank god my friend ordered the 'fun-guy' pizza flatbread..it saved the meal! All and all more of a beer drinking spot with over priced-hipster bar food.
3	Came here for my second time bringing a hopeful vision to replenish my so-so reflection of prior memory. Beers are always a plus, and I suppose it's an Ale House so the emphasis isn't weighted foodie. With that said I would value it just so, the food is your regular bar food with a new American spin with a focus on fresh. I ordered the Matador which was basically a steak sandwich with a side of fries. Decent it was, amazing it was not. I would come back for a couple brews and a hot pretzel but not again to saturate false hope with a average to good sitting.
4	YUM!The chalkboard of brews and wines on tap rocks! This is a definite must visit if you're around the convention center at all. It's an easy walk from most hotels and will keep you out of the crowds.I got the gaucho tacos and a glass of red blended wine. Be forewarned, the wine will be chilled (which isn't all that unusual). The tacos arrived with spicy coleslaw and beans. I mixed some of the guacamole in with each taco which also featured mango chutney. It was delicious! I couldn't eat fast enough! This place is a solid restaurant choice with a fabulous ambiance. Don't be scared off by the location, it's worth visiting.
5	What a great place! Brought the dog on the patio and she even got great service! Had the grilled cheese and pumpkin pop tart! Delicious!
4	Overall I like this place.  Great and ever changing selection of beer.  Food is pretty awesome. The wait staff are nice, and pretty attentive.  Parking sucks, but that is typical of downtown Phoenix. Decidedly for the 20-early 30 something crowd.  Does get pretty noisy,  and when busy you can't hear yourself think let alone talk to the person next to you, as a beer hall should.  Sort of hipsterish.  I'd recommend Angel's Trumpet.
5	I've been to Angels Trumpet House a couple of times and I'm a big fan.  I am already a brewery junkie so this review could be biased.  Angels Trumpet is located in the heart of downtown Phoenix and it's a great alternative eating and drinking option for the area.  I love the ambiance and decor.  It's very hipster, natural in a really good way.  The outdoor patio is amazing and just laid back wooden tables which are perfect for enjoying a delicious brew.The beer selection is extensive.  They have 20+ unique offerings on tap at any given time.  They are unusual but high quality beers that you won't see at your typical brewery or bar.  I'm an avid craft beer drinker and all of the beer choices are always new to me.  They are written on a chalk board which makes it a little difficult to see from your table.  I suppose that's my biggest complaint.  Having something at your table would help better chose your beer of choice.  The beer is also a little more pricey than other places.  Probably about $1 more than your typical brewery but the alcohol content is higher, so I like to think it evens out.Now let's talk about the food...  YUM!  there are definitely hits and misses on the menu so just listen and plan accordingly -Grilled Cheese - if you're a fan, don't think, just get it!!  It's so good and one of the best in the city.  Get it with the bacon jam and you won't be sorry.  A delicious blend of tomato, pesto, cheese and bacon jam on crusty bread. Flatbread - good choice and good for sharing!  If they have a daily special one, go for that.  Fish Tacos - was a daily special one night and really good!  One of my favorites in town so farService is great too!  Everyone is friendly and very helpful with the beer selection!  Tip - visit during Happy Hour time if your life allows it - much better deals on the beer
4	I had a great burger, staff was johnny-on-the-spot, and enjoyed watch a stein hoisting competition. It was a pretty good experience.
3	This was my first time I had been here and I had heard nothing but great things. In my own opinion, the food was just OK, nothing special and the beers were plentiful, but only a good option if you already know a lot about beers. If you don't it can be over whelming. Our server was not helpful in selecting. Overall, fun place to go with your beer savvy friends!
5	First time here and fall in love with this place. Great beer great food! What more can you ask for???
4	The only time I've been let down was when I stopped by for lunch during the week (they open at 3 M-Th).I've had the burger with bacon and onion strings twice (can't remember the name), once with beef, and once with smoked, ground pork (smoked on the premises).  Delicious both times, but I'll stick with medium/medium rare beef for my burgers from now on.  The flat bread pizzas are pretty good, had the Alligator Pear pizza off of the "specials" menu.  The Avocado Salad was good too, and they smoke vegetables as well.  Who knew smoked beats could be so good?The beer selection is constantly changing and has a couple of somethings for everyone.  Go and try something new to you.
5	This is the best bar that I've ever been to.  When they opened, they had one mediocre thing on the menu, but they removed it.My friends and I have attempted to try everything on the menu and 3 of us have had everything but the salads.  Sorry, I'll go somewhere else for a salad.  I'm here to overeat and drink great beer.Try:  spam sliders, pop tart dessert, sausage appetizer, and good luck deciding between the fries with their awesome ketchup or the cranberry coleslawThey do a good job keeping interesting beers on tap.  I dislike that the flight price went from $9 to $15 though, that kinda ticked me off.You could bring a date here and split a flight or two and be able to talk without chewing the whole time.BTW We are the glass stackers!  And last time, we finally broke some glasses.  Well, I did.  I broke your glasses.:(
5	Angel's Trumpet is one of my favorite places to eat and drink in Phoenix. I like to try new beers and have never left this place without trying 4 or 5 new ones (via the flights, not full pints - otherwise this would be a review of how nice the toilets are to barf into).Their burgers are heavenly, their desserts are rad and I can't express enough my longing for their chipotle ranch. I would fill a Camelback full of that stuff and hike Camelback mountain with it, if it wasn't so frowned upon by my doctor.If you've never been, check this place out. Good food, beer and service. If you really like beer and chipotle ranch, stay very far away because you may never escape.
5	Chose to stop in here last week when I arrived into Phoenix kinda late for work and they were near where I was staying and open late and boy am I glad I did. Great food, great service and even better selection of craft beers on draft. Cool laid back feel and could def see how it'd be a fun spot to hang with the large open outdoor patio area. 6 wines on tap and 30 some rotating beers ranging from local selections to others from around the country and loved that they offered samplers as well. I ordered one of their sandwiches in wrap form (which I found out was possible from a guy that worked there) and was very impressed in how it turned out. Would def come back here if I were in the area again.
2	Horrid acoustics and server more concerned with hanging with her friends there than a paying customer.  Some beers were ok, tried a sampler.Seriously got a headache, it was a clanging sound in my head after I left.That's not good, right?  I'll hang at a place with better acoustics and service.  Food was gross, got the sausage sampler thing.  GREASY.Rain check this one on my list.....
4	First time we went, it was five star experience. Great food, great service, awesome beer list, strawberry pop tart... We went back this weekend and it was pretty much the opposite experience. Service was terrible - she never offered me a beer after our flight and I couldn't ever catch her, we didn't care for any of the beers and the "special" burrito I tried was gross and missing half of the ingredients - too bad nobody came back to check or I would have sent it back... This place is always packed, you're gonna wait - check out tap hunter first and make sure you like what beers are on the menu. Its a cool place, we just won't be back anytime soon. Oh and if you can't see from a distance, bring your glasses/binoculars, the beer list is only on the wall.
5	I love Angels, the poutine (I believe they call it The Mess), is fantastic, I actually have dreams about eating it, its that great.  We also had the chefs special which was different meats and pickled vegetables, it was also very good!  I can't wait to go back on a Tuesday and have a TV dinner and I'm still waiting to get a homemade pop tart!!  It really has something for everyone, as I don't even drink beer and absolutely love it there!!
4	I would give three stars for service and consistency; but bumped it to four because the beer and food are so darn good. If you come, bring your patience and a good attitude. You never know if you'll have to battle a crowd competing for wait staff - or if you'll be blown away by a super knowledgeable, attentive server. Either way, get over it because the atmosphere is awesome - a relaxing, indoor/outdoor, beer lovers haven. As to food, leave judgment at the door and give the spam sliders a chance. I know: Those who grew up on spam are no more anxious to relive childhood trauma. And those who've managed to avoid this long would wonder why start now. Just do it. At least once. It's a novelty done well and a fun food adventure. We also love the flatbreads and TV Tray Tuesday dinners. A great character place to hang out with friends.
5	Amazing!Great atmosphere. Great beer selection. great food. Great beer!Wish I lived closer!
2	I really wanted to like this place, I did. But their food was nothing to write home about. I started with the pretzel ball appetizer. The pretzels themselves were delicious. However, the "nacho cheese" it came with tasted awful and grainy and the second dipping sauce was horse radish. That's it. I ordered the old fashioned burger with all the fixings. It just didn't blow me away. I feel like I've had better home made burgers. The fries were over done and I got mostly crumbs. I'd say the plus side to this place is the beer flights and their beer selection. Can't say I'd be back for the food.
5	We traveled from Prescott to the Phoenix airport and stopped in to have a bite before our flight. We ordered the avocado salad with smoked turkey, the cemita sandwich, the big guppy sandwich, along with interesting brews and draft wines. This was the best meal we had on our thanksgiving trip! Reasonable prices, knowledgeable staff, and the culinary highlight of our week. Good job!
5	31 one brews on tap not including the wine! We had the wings, burger, and tacos. The burger was put together perfectly with a carefully cooked piece of beef and egg. Nothing but a mouthful of flavor in every bite. One of the better burgers I've had here in the valley. The fries could use a little love. The naked wings- on point! Three different sauces to dip in, fried in a good batter/seasoning. Moving onto the tacos.... No shortage of flavorful fish, dipped in a good batter and fried perfectly. The beans are to die for, my only complaint was the shortage of beans... Next time I go, I will order an extra side of beans. This place is a must try with a hipster feel to it. You almost feel like you're somewhere else. They provide water bowls for your animals on the back patio. Great job!!!!
4	Had a great experience here. As a dog lover I am first of all in love with the decor which is photos of dogs which are up for adoption and their stories. In addition they allow dogs on their patio which is so nice. The staff is great. They have a very wide selection of beers on tap and you can get a flight of any 6 they have which is also great. The food is super yummy and the desserts are also great the dessert pizza and home made pop tarts are well worth the trip.
4	Unfortunately, my review will have to be brief, as was my visit.  My lady, kid and I were in town for the Thanksgiving holiday and made plans to meet up with a friend at Angel's Trumpet (his suggestion).  We only had a little bit of time, which sucks, because I feel like we could have spent all night there.  The beer list was impressive, and featured a number of top-notch brewers that we can't get in our current hometown due to distance/distribution limitations.  I was able to select one brew I hadn't had before and one of my favorites that I can rarely get...and it was on nitro.  Good Lord, it was beautiful.  It was like angels singing...or blowing trumpets or saxophones or something.  I was pleased to learn that they rotate selections rapidly, I'm sure that if I lived nearby I would spend plenty of time there finding new beers to love.  The atmosphere was awesome, the patio area was comfortable, and the appetizers we had were quite tasty.  Though our visit was short, our experience was very positive.  I will go back the next time I'm in town.
4	This place has an awesome selection of craft beers and you can try a 6 for only $9. The only down side is trying to figure out which ones to try and the at least my server wasn't too eager to help me choose. So so I randomly picked the 6 I thought sounded good, I wasn't disappointed but I don't know a whole lot about beer so it should have been nice to get some suggestions. So the service wasn't too spectacular but the beer was fabulous and the food was pleasant as well. I had the pretzels and wings. Personally I like that the wings come with the sauce on the side because I enjoy crispy wings and it's way cleaner. Oh one more thing since this place is located downtown there are very few parking spaces so be prepared to park a a meter.
4	Always has a good tap list, and you can use TapHunter to see what is one tap. I love that that regularly update this. The food is good as well. It gets pretty busy on the weekends. I will say that the service is not great. One time me and 3 friends stood at the bar for 15 minutes without being asked what we wanted to order, all this while trying to get the bartenders attention, before leaving to go somewhere else. I have had other unpleasant interactions there as well, but have continued to go back due to the good beer selection.
5	This place rocks.  Great location, plenty of parking available, awesome service.  LOTS of beer options and wine on tap.  The staff is educated on the huge beer selection, and very friendly.  I don't think I've ever waited longer than 10 minutes for my food.Tuesday night TV dinner is awesome, creative, and the quality is good.
5	I love Angels Trumpet.  Really great space, cool vibe.  Awesome beer selection, and amazing food.The only complaint would be how loud it gets inside, sound just bounces around in that place, but what can you do?  Everything else is so great and I always have such a great time when I am here that after diving in to my beer flight I hardly even notice.
4	Great food, enormous beer and wine selection. Wings here are amazing, but also like the fish tacos and pretzel buns (rolls?). Really into sour beers right now and they usually have one (sometimes two!) on tap. Alway fun to check them out. Service can sometimes be great and other times slow. Thought its typically only slow during the usual busy crowd times (Fri/Sat night) and week day evenings are much, much better. Love the huge patio!
5	Absolutely love this place and I cannot wait to go back. So many amazing beer choices and the food is fluffing good. Thank you for an experience like no other.
5	Flight of beers to sample the ever changing menu of craft beers is what I recommend. About 31 choices on draft of local breweries! Server was very knowledgeable and recommended great choices also. Burgers were great and so were the seasonal home made pop tarts! Food and drinks were reasonably priced.
4	Amazing beer selection, and some hidden gems on the menu (try a pop tart). The place gets mobbed on the weekends, so be patient.
4	Amazing beer selection, and some hidden gems on the menu (try a pop tart). The place gets mobbed on the weekends, so be patient.
4	Awesome food, awesome atmosphere, awesome beer. A little cramped, but who cares? Has a really nice patio area.
5	I live within spitting distance of this place and I love it. It's just a great place to come, drink some strange beer, eat some unique food and chat. The staff is always extremely competent and knowledgeable about beer, though they don't small-talk much as the place is almost always packed! The owners are consistently there working along side their staff, and they take a lot of time to speak with regulars and make sure the service is on-point. The husband/wife team run a tight ship and their love of this business definitely shines through. If you ask me, the only problem with the place is that the inside chairs are pretty uncomfortable, but I usually sit at the bar so it doesn't really matter. This is the type of business that helps a city grow and gain character. A beautiful, clean, professional place with good service at a great price. I'll always be coming back.
4	Great location in Phoenix. Best beer selection in town. Excellent service, very friendly and knowledgable staff. Excellent sandwiches / bar food.
4	Love this place. Quirky 'TV dinner' dinners & amazing mushroom flatbread are both my fave! Amazing beer selection that rotates hourly!! Keep an eye on the board cuz' it will get erased when the tap runs out! Wines by the glass too. Will definitely be returning for more good food & beverages!
4	Amazing beer selection, and some hidden gems on the menu (try a pop tart). The place gets mobbed on the weekends, so be patient
4	The selection of beer was, while kinda expensive, amazing! The food - brisket tacos - delish. (Unfortunately it took to long to receive our food. Service was great - amount of time between when we ordered and when we received our food - not so much .)
4	Everything on the menu is Great! If you are a big dessert fan you must try the pop tart and there is always a new drink to try.
1	Business did not consider party within "ale house" standards. Did not and will not compensate them for disrespect.
4	Amazing beer selection, and some hidden gems on the menu (try a pop tart). The place gets mobbed on the weekends, so be patient.
4	Delish. I love that their menu is unique but familiar, so I'm always open to running with something that's a little out there. This time was the brewlee -- a burger that had some pickled veggies, sriracha mayo, a fried egg, and caramelized sugar on the bun. Cooked perfectly and damned tasty. Service was friendly and available but not overbearing, which I always appreciate. PS - house made pop tarts intrigued me, but mango covered in caramel is hardly "seasonal" in December. I'll have to wait til next time to try one (hopefully with a better flavors ;) )
4	Great location in Phoenix. Best beer selection in town. Excellent service, very friendly and knowledgable staff. Excellent sandwiches / bar food.
4	Amazing beer selection, and some hidden gems on the menu (try a pop tart). The place gets mobbed on the weekends, so be patient.
4	This is one of my favorite places in the city, really creative menu, tons of excellent beer on tap, always really obscure and interesting brews. I do wish they had more stouts on tap regularly, but everything else is amazing. The servers are all outstanding as well from my experience!
4	Cool spot. Always make sure to stop in when I am downtown.
4	Amazing beer selection, and some hidden gems on the menu (try a pop tart). The place gets mobbed on the weekends, so be patient.
4	Amazing beer selection, and some hidden gems on the menu (try a pop tart). The place gets mobbed on the weekends, so be patient.
5	Since moving to Phoenix a bit over a year ago, Angel's Trumpet has become my favorite place to grab a craft beer and a bite to eat. It's a great spot to meet with a group of friends or to just belly up to the bar and try a new beer. Be prepared for a possible wait if you want a spot at the bar though. I've rarely come here when it's not hoppin' (no beer pun intended... actually that's a great beer pun).Since they regularly change taps, you'll never get bored of the beer selection. That's truly what keeps me coming back again and again. The atmosphere is laid back and the service has always been friendly as well, so that doesn't hurt the return factor either. Aaaaaand that's my no non-sense review update, Cheers!
4	Amazing beer selection, and some hidden gems on the menu (try a pop tart). The place gets mobbed on the weekends, so be patient.
4	Amazing beer selection, and some hidden gems on the menu (try a pop tart). The place gets mobbed on the weekends, so be patient.
4	With 31 beers and ciders on a rotating tap, along with 6 rotating wines  this is the place to go if you want beer, wine...or water.The food is generally quite good, but not the main attraction.Great architecture (fantastic adaptive reuse) with large TVs for watching sports, and fun pick your own beer flights make angels trumpet a standout in the competitive downtown/midtown dining scene.
4	Amazing beer selection, and some hidden gems on the menu (try a pop tart). The place gets mobbed on the weekends, so be patient.
4	Everything on the menu is Great! If you are a big dessert fan you must try the pop tart and there is always a new drink to try.
4	Everything on the menu is Great! If you are a big dessert fan you must try the pop tart and there is always a new drink to try.
4	The selection of beer was, while kinda expensive, amazing! The food - brisket tacos - delish. (Unfortunately it took to long to receive our food. Service was great - amount of time between when we ordered and when we received our food - not so much .)
4	Drinks were good.  Did not eat, but it looked ok.
4	Perfect place to grab a beer and food. Large revolving on tap list that changes daily.
4	The selection of beer was, while kinda expensive, amazing! The food - brisket tacos - delish. (Unfortunately it took to long to receive our food. Service was great - amount of time between when we ordered and when we received our food - not so much .)
5	I just want Angels to know how happy they made me by sitting my party down 10 minutes before kitchen closing and making my poptart demand happen! Excellent customer service. I've heard great things about this place and they were definitely up to par. Desserts are my life and their simple gesture of willingly taking me in at last call to get me what I wanted on a busy Friday night meant a great deal to me. All the staff I encountered were warm, friendly and attentive. I love the vibe and homey feeling of the whole restaurant. I will update next time I come in and try the food. But these stars are well deserved already.
4	Amazing beer selection, and some hidden gems on the menu (try a pop tart). The place gets mobbed on the weekends, so be patient.
4	Good beer selection in a good location.   A bit pricey, food is a little to hip for me, but overall a great downtown spot.
4	Perfect place to grab a beer and food. Large revolving on tap list that changes daily.
5	Once again this place has made me happy.  I wish they were closer.The tractor pizza is so amazing.
5	We decided to stop for happy hour and glad we did! Although I'm not a beer drinker, wine for me, we thought the reviews looked good. I had the Fun Guy flatbread and it was delicious and plentiful! Hubby had the grilled cheese and brisket sandwich. He eats for real and couldn't finish the whole thing.   He enjoyed a lager and I tried a couple of really good wines.  The service was exceptional and friendly.
3	This place can get a little boring, but you know- if I'm in the mood to sit in a lit up beer house and eat man food- all delicious, but everything heavy and meaty. I suppose this place will do. The beers are great. It's much better to do beer flights though, as the slection is so broad, you always feel like you are missing out... at least I do.Vegetarian food options suck. Pizza is okay. The burger looks fantastic, if only I ate burgers. I always end up getting a pretzel, I like the beer cheese sauce stuff. I wish they had some lighter small plate options. The pretzel seems to be the lightest warm option they have.
4	Everything on the menu is Great! If you are a big dessert fan you must try the pop tart and there is always a new drink to try.
