5	This place rivals Thai Taste for the best Thai food in Charlotte.  Monsoon has a huge menu that offers pretty much anything you could want to eat, and even options for picky eaters.  Monsoon is large so you rarely have to wait, and they have a number of people working so the service is quick.  The mee krob here is some of the best I have ever had.
5	Great Thai Food and Cheap. My only complaint is that they have weird hours and their parking lot is a bit sketch at night.
5	Locally owned, Mom and Pop Thai food. Whenever we try others anywhere, this is the one they all get compared to. Interior looks like it was handmade, with lots of touches that only happen in a place where a human (not a corporate MBA) is decorating.I've tried most of their menu, and have yet to have anything I wouldn't recommend. Our true weakness is the Me Krob. Favorite quick meal is a Me Krob appetizer and a Sticky Rice dessert.
3	Strip mall restaurants always scare me...but it's Charlotte so there aren't many options. The "Spectacular" Factor died along with any soul this place could have had when they decided to set up shop next to a bank. It's not really a horrible joint, but it's underwhelming. The service is blah, the food is blah. There were tons of blue-hairs eating in there when I went, it was like a cafeteria at the rest home. The owners seem authentic enough, but they just don't seem to give their food that extra oomph. It's almost like a diner, but with Thai food.
4	By far the best Thai I've had in Charlotte.I would be more excited if the prices were a bit lower-- there wasn't an option under $11 on the menu, including vegetarian mains. But when I asked them to make my curry "thai spicy" (their menu refers to that level of spice as "native thai" spice) it came out almost as hot as I'd hoped, but also managed to maintain a deep level of flavor. There were a number of vegetables in my green curry that had not been advertised for on the menu, but they were all cooked perfectly (even the canned baby corn ! ) and added to the end result. Tom Kha soup was good, if a little bland, and the two noodle dishes my buddies chose were awesome (but if there's curry to be had...).Service was attentive but not annoying. It was very empty, and I hope for their sake it isn't always like that... saw a number of people come in to pick up orders, however, so they must do a good take out business.
4	Four stars, again, might be stretching it for the overall package (IE. the abandon parking lot at night , the tacky menus both take out and dine in and the price point for all of these lovely features) Having said that, the fried rice (Kow Pud) gets four stars for sure! And they have this special sometimes it's crispy chicken and scallops that is fabulous! The coating and crispness of the chicken and delicious scallops covered with a yummy sauce is an awesome dish. *Hey General TSO (flippin him the bird)* I am thinking of boycotting Chinese fried rice for the rest of my life.There is so much more flavor with Thai fried rice. And many other food choices on a Thai menu for that matter, that are similar to Chinese dishes. I love Calamari. Though sometimes a little tough here, the "sweet and sour" sauce they serve it with is good. It has a nice little kick to it but still very sweet at the same time. I want to Sharpie (a Sharpie pen seems fitting for the tacky menus) the sour part off of it and replace it with spicy so it reads sweet and spicy sauce. If you do not ask for a spice level here most everything (I have had) comes mild meaning no spice present what-so-ever. Dare I say almost everything taste kinda sweet. Mainly the Pad Thai. So be sure to tell them how spicy you like it. Kick it up a notch will ya! Hell, give me another reason to down a Singha! The poultry and the fish that I have ever had included in the dishes were good. Service is good but like someone else mentioned it was pretty empty on those visits. They must be doing something right they have been here for 16 years I believe. Maybe everyone that dines here enjoys "packing heat" HA! Pun intended! HA!
4	I'm so glad Julia S. recommended this place! Don't judge a place by its location or empty parking lot, but it sure helps when recommended by a reliable source. I wouldn't recommend hanging out in the parking lot or storing valuables inside your car for everyone to see; however, I do recommend going inside and eating some tasty dishes.The Pad Thai was very good...and enough to split and order an appetizer to start. The atmosphere was clean, simple, and what you would expect from a family owned restaurant. They give you an assortment of spicy sauces...some of the hottest I have ever smelled (no, I didn't try). I think I'm making this my new Thai spot and I hope you do too...I'm sure they would appreciate more customers.
2	I ordered 2 dishes.Green Curry Chicken - tasted okay, quality of food was good.  overall good, but i didn't like how expensive it was.  maybe its because there aren't many thai restaurants that they can charge a lot, but i've had much better elsewhere for much cheaper.Basil Beef - I've never had basil beef that was served with ground beef!  I usually get pieces/slices of beef, but this place served it with ground beef.  after i realized it was ground beef, i had only a little bit since it didn't taste all that good.advice: don't order beef dishes, go with the chicken.
4	Dine in or Take Out this place is great!!The Pud See Ew with Beef is my Favorite!! The spring rolls are good too!! The ladies are all very sweet and will definitely guide you in the right direction!
4	This place has the fastest service in town. You order and before you can say khorb koon, your food's out.  For that reason and their incredibly reliable quality, we come here quite often -every other week? Our favorite is the Pud See Ew with extra vegetables (either chicken or shrimp are absolutely delish) and the waitress knows what we want. She's not like that freaky woman at Lang Van who knows what you had 1 year ago, but she's so friendly and knows what we like. Sometimes I try and throw her off and order a Kang Dang or Kang Panang (w/ extra veggies of course). Both are delicious. Their tofu is good and so are  fresh spring rolls, and my friend's 4 year old daughter likes the pork dumplings.  The environment is a little kitschy (fake plants EVERYWHERE) but nice wood carvings and authentic, fast friendly service!  The prices aren't the cheapest, but for $11 you can get a nice big plate of pud see ew that is a-roi (delicious).  Note that the most americanized meal, Pud thai, is OK, not the best I've had - not many in Charlotte are good IMHO, with Thai House University being the best in that category. But Monsoon's is decent.
3	Pretty good. Attentive service and friendly staff. Food is good. But this is my fallback... only if I cant make it to Thai Taste on West Blvd. Great lunch prices.
4	I have to second Lee Ann D and add that the Pud See Ew with Beef is the best available in Charlotte.  It beats most of the Pud See Ew's I've had elsewhere too, even fancy New York City and DC!  Bold statements, I know.  Their spiciness scale runs from 1 to 4, I opted for 3 which was just right for me...hot enough to make you sweat but not so bad that my mouth was burning.  I wasn't too impressed with the spring rolls however.  My SO just had Tom Kha soup which was pretty good.  But she don't like the spice, so I would have to order it spicy to truly judge.  I want to go back or order some Panang curry for take out.  Or maybe that crispy chicken and scallops special Paula G was talking about.
4	I love the snapper fillets, I have tried the soft shell crab which was very good.chicken satayfried dumplinsthai tea.Very friendly staff.dont let the little strip mall and the lack of a large crowd scare you away!a nice and quiet meal awaits you!
2	Boo, I was really excited for some Thai food today but this just did not satisfy my craving. They have a decent lunch menu priced well for $8 to $10 you get soup and an egg roll. The food was just mediocre service was just ok...they delivered the wrong food but they were nice about getting us the right order. Unfortunately Monsoon you will not be added to my regular lunch venue list... the place was really busy so who knows maybe it was just one bad lunch and I should give it another try...I'll let you know.
4	Love this place..great location and their papya salad is spicy and cheap.
4	As an out of towner, I was excited to find a Thai place.  It was very clean inside and the wait staff was very attentive.  I took the liberty of ordering for my friend and I since he was new to Thai food.  We had the vegetarian green curry and pad thai noodles with jasmine rice.  Let's just say that the dishes were empty!  lol!!  Everything was great, reminded of the places I frequent back home.  You have to try this place, you can't go wrong!
3	I've always wondered about Monsoon...Living just a mile or so away, this Thai restaurant always bewitched me in their green and white strip mall. Thus, there finally came a time to pull over and try some of South End Thai. Service was solid overall, as it is in many Thai restaurants, and the inside is a bit nondescript but clean and simple nonetheless.Hubs and I tried a smattering of dishes and here's how we fared:1) Fresh Rolls: 4/5: Fresh, indeed. Each order comes with 2 large fresh rolls stuffed with the usual suspects - mint, basil, vermicelli, shrimp & lettuce served with a peanut dusted hoisin sauce. 2) Satay: 3.5/5: Perfectly cooked chicken on a stick with a tasty but very oily peanut sauce. The flavor was great, but there were many mini pools of oil on top of the peanut sauce. 3) Pad Thai: 2.5/5: Not my favorite Pad Thai I've had. While the portions are super generous, the sauce was way too sweet for my liking - almost a sweet and sour/ketchup taste. The noodles were a a bit overdone and that combined with the too sweet sauce didn't really do it for me. However, I think it's more about what you're used to with Pad Thai - I prefer a non-soaked, drier noodle. Spice level 2 was just fine, but from what I hear there is a big difference between 2 & 3! I definitely want to come back and try the pud see ew and see how I like that one. Considering this is the local Thai spot in my 'hood, I want to support them!
5	This place is excellent for lunch or take out dinner. The Pad thai is the best in Charlotte, the green curry dish is also excellent. If you like spicy food (really spicy), you need to try the Sum Tum Salad... it is made with green papaya, tomatoes and lettuce. It is fresh and flavorful. On a hot day, I can't think of something better.
5	A truly exceptional Thai restaurant
4	I've only eaten here during the lunch hour (oddly always in the same booth), and I've been happy with it every time.The lunch "combos" ($8-10 depending on your protein/veg choice) are served with a spring roll and soup which will forever remind me of Campbell's chicken and stars. Some days it's well made, some days all the starch has seeped out and it's like a porridge... edible either way.The Pad Thai reminds me a bit of the one served around the corner at Thai Taste. Not a bad thing, I like both- not too peanutty. Lately, the Pad See Ew has become my usual order. Last time I asked for extra veggies (a few carrots, mushrooms, something to up the vitamin count) in it and after a little confusion I got it - a lot of it. (I don't know if adding other veggies no longer makes it a see ew, but I didn't really care) Carrots, baby corn, mushrooms, green beans, squash, zucchini, and cauliflower in addition to the standard broccoli. AMAZING. (and they didn't even charge extra)Let's talk about the spice level... most places around town it's on a scale of 1 - 5, here it's 1 - 4... and 3 eventually triggered the waterworks. (for reference, a 4 at thai taste barely makes my nose run) surprising- but so good, and so spicy. Plus, the food already comes out of the kitchen mouth burning hot (temperature wise).Good portions and attentive service, though the after you get your meal part can be a bit slower than the before. They're very efficient at taking your order and bringing all the food, but if you need a to-go box you might have to go hunt one down yourself. Most of the time they end up bringing the check to the table instead of you having to get up and pay - but it kind of depends on how busy they are.
5	This is a great Thai food restaurant. Food is fresh and deliciously seasoned. they will make it to order and are very polite. I love this place! prices are good, too.
3	Monsoon Thai is, as the pop-up said when I clicked 3 stars, "A-ok."The food was pretty good.  Not the best Thai I've had but definitely authentic.  The young Laotian waitress was friendly.  Service was timely.  Food came out quickly, was piping hot and tasted good.  (I had the Red Curry Chicken.)So why was I left somehow disappointed?It's the second Thai restaurant I've tried since moving to Charlotte two weeks ago and both have left me basically unimpressed.  Sure, the food was fine; even good but... the prices seem really high for Thai.  Monsoon Thai is anything but fancy, but it was $13 for my Red Curry Chicken.I had a similar experience at another Thai restaurant a few nights ago (I'll review it separately) and came away feeling the same way.  That place was beautiful so perhaps they could argue for higher prices but let's be honest, both are strip mall eateries; hardly "4-Star" restaurants.Sigh. I doubt you'll be disappointed with your food.  I can recommend going there and I'd order the Red Curry chicken again but still... it wasn't "outstanding" and the prices are annoying.  I moved here from Nashville where I had found several really incredible Thai places with much more moderate prices and far and away better food.PS - My yardstick is a street vendor at the head of Khao San Road in Bangkok.  To say that his food is incredible is an understatement AND two can eat for less than $3.  OK.  I don't expect two to eat for $3 bucks in the USA, but my $3 bucks got us 3 or 4 small entrees, rice and bottled water.  In Nashville I could eat for under $10 bucks for one, for dinner - less for lunch and the food at least was close to my little street vendor.  So far, I'm still searching for something close in beautiful Charlotte.  Wish me luck.
3	This little strip mall thai joint was a good choice for a Friday night spot without a wait of any kind. The inside has a pretty plain feel like an old folks diner/country kitchen joint with 'thai' decorations on the wall (nothing like the Thai'd out Thai House). Ordered #46, Kung blah bleh something. Wide noodles, chicken, assorted veggies, yes including some baby corn. It was pretty good, probably would've enjoyed the Pad Thai that 3 others ordered. Half of us requested spice level 3, the others spice level 2...the consensus was the spice levels got swapped since my 3 didn't seem too spicy, but the 2's were burning. The meal left enough for a small lunch the next day.Service was fine and the drinks stayed full which is always nice when you're eating something with spice or that's supposed to have spice.
3	The food is good, but if you're white, you'll have to argue with the waitresses to get spicy food.
4	My lunch buddy suggested we hit up Monsoon as an alternative to Thai Taste on East Blvd.  Great call!  The soup was a sweet/savory mix with melon and green onion, really well done.  I had a red curry, which lacked heat, but I was able to add some in later.  Also came with a fresh spring roll, which just crumbled due to its freshness.The decor was meh - and let's face it, it's location on South Blvd isn't the best place to bring your in-laws - but all of that takes a back seat to delicious food, which is what this place serves!  My lunch buddy went with the green curry, and had only good things to say about that as well.  I will be back to this place to try some different dishes in the future.
1	The food was great.  However, at the end of the meal I looked over at my boyfriend and he was just staring at his plate with only a couple of mushrooms left on it.   I asked him what was wrong.  His response was, "well I don't want you to freak out, but there is a grasshopper on my plate."  Sure enough there was a whole grasshopper stir fried into his meal.  It was the same coloring of the mushrooms.  We told the server and she took the plate away without really saying anything.  She returned a few minutes later and told us that in her country they eat grasshoppers.  Needless to say she didn't apologize or offer us a discount on our meal.  I'm sorry but in this country we don't eat grasshoppers.  We will not be back again.
4	Stay away from the upscale Thai places and hit this up instead.  I have yet to find a better dish of Pad Thai in Charlotte.  My next adventure is to somehow sit down and order something other than the typical Pad Thai order.  Recommend lunch because the pricing is better and it's the same amount of food.  It's $10 vs $15.
2	Sorry friends, but I have experienced much better Thai cuisine in Charlotte than this.  We started with the fresh rolls wrapped in rice paper.  It was mostly stuffed with noodle and barely any shrimp or basil.  Majorly lacking in flavor.I ordered a salad, I do not recall which one, but I asked for grilled shrimp in lieu of the fried options.  I got a soggy salad with dressing that smelled like dirty feet. $20 later, I really wish I had stuck with the leftovers in the fridge!My friends' food looked soggy and over-sauced as well.  The service was friendly, but that alone cannot make up for bad food.
5	My New Favorite for Thai in Charlotte!  Fantastic Food! Great Service!  A Psycho Analyst referred me to this place!  Impressive Pad Kee Mow!  They included just the Vegetables I wanted:  Napa, Red Peppers, Onions, Summer Squash, Zucchini, Mushrooms Tomatoes, etc. and three Spicy Level seemed PERFECT!Tom Kha Gai Soup the one with Coconut Milk, Lime Leaves, Lemon Grass, Thai Basil, Chicken (Gai), RED Onions (they did not need any extra points - I LOVE Red Onion), Mushrooms, Tomato and Ganglia!After eating here I did fell better about EVERYTHING so I'll thank the Psycho Analyst in case he is reading!
4	Great food, service much improved over the years, spacious, relaxed dining room.  I will continue to eat here often.
3	I tried this place because I was in the area (normally Thai Taste is my default for Thai) and it was good, Thai Taste is def still my favorite. The red curry was delicious, probably what I'll order if It go back. The Pad See Ew was alright, Ive had better. I ordered it with extra veggies like everyone recommends. I think I actually prefer it with just broccoli- but besides that it just wasn't as tasty as others I have tried. I was excited they actually had fresh rolls bc some Thai places do not, and I was sooo disappointed. The worst fresh rolls I've ever had. First- they did not have the yummy peanut sauce that goes so well with them- it was like a vinegar based version of peanut sauce with crushed peanuts in them. I basically used the spicy red sauce they gave me (which was NOT Sriracha, it too was more vinegar based with some chili peppers in it, the lady at the counter didn't even know what "Sriracha" was when I said it. So I just asked for "spicy sauce") instead of that sauce bc I didn't like it at all. And even worse was that the fresh rolls had little to no shrimp- it was basically a bunch of lettuce and noodles. By far the worst I've ever had, don't order you will be disappointed. ANYway- It was decent food- definitely not the best Thai I've had- I would recommend going to Thai Taste since it's not that far away but does the trick if you're really craving Thai.
3	I came here hungry. I left still hungry, as I didnt have enough food to fill my stomach. I ordered the pad kee mow(drunken noodles). I do have to say it was delicious, on the other hand I felt I paid good money for insufficient food.
4	I go to Monsoon when I want decent, inexpensive Thai. I don't go for ambiance or sexy decor. I either grab takeout, or eat here solo, because it's quiet and the staff doesn't hound you every 2 minutes. My go-to dishes are the vegetarian fried rice, which is a huge serving with lots of veggies and egg, and the Peah Kai Yas Sigh (stuffed chicken wings). I've had a couple of the curries, but I keep it simple with the fried rice and an app. Great place for a quick lunch.
4	I can't believe I haven't reviewed Monsoon before now, given how much we enjoy dining here - not least because it's within walking distance from our home, which makes for a nice last-minute dinner option when the cupboards are bare and we don't feel like driving to the store. The staff are always very sweet and willing to accommodate special requests, like my insistence for extra vegetables in whatever I'm ordering. They WILL make it super spicy if you are specific about asking for it - one time I received a dish of curry that looked like half a jar of chili pepper had been stirred into the sauce. Yowza! Their entree offerings are flavorful (anything with basil or Kaffir lime leaves is especially worth getting), varied, and typical for what you expect from a decent Thai place. I love pretty much any of the curries, and the option to order squid as your meat of choice is a nice addition to the usual beef/chicken/shrimp/scallop lineup. The Thai Iced Tea is a big winner with my husband - too sweet for me, but I always steal a sip regardless. Serving sizes are substantial - you could easily split a dish if you and your dining partner wanted to eat the same thing, but it'd also work very well if a group of friends wanted to order a few different things to serve up family-style.Prices range on the slightly higher side for dinner fare (again, typical for what I've seen in other Thai restaurants), but their lunch menu is really bargain-priced. Most of Charlotte seems to know it, too, because it's always HOPPING during the times I've visited mid-day. Later in the evening, business seems to slow down - several times, my husband and I have been the only people in the restaurant. Honestly, we've not tried any other Thai restaurants in Charlotte yet, because we like this one so much and it's so close to home. Maybe we're missing out...but it sure doesn't feel like it.
4	Food was delicious & service was fast & friendly.  Pan fried noodles & curry #22 were very tasty!  Will definitely return!
3	I have to unfortunately amend my review, especially since I boasted the fastest service in town. The ownership must have changed because the people are all different and they have NOT figured out the whole service process. You can sit there now for 20 minutes and might not have a menu or silverware or water or whatever. I like the Gang Dang (insert joke here) and Pud See Ew still. The food is still exactly the same, but this is no longer a fast meal anymore (at lunch). I would recommend getting it To Go.
3	I really, really, REALLY want and have tried to like this place. One of my close friends works down the road and has named Monsoon her go-to place for Thai food. 1st experience - We were all contemplating the difference between the different curries (Red/Green/Yellow). We figured the spices were different, but what else? What spices? What ingredients? Maybe the way they're cooked or the duration of how long they're cooked.. oh the possibilities! After much debate, we finally asked the waitress.  Her reply was "The red curry is red and the green curry is green, but the red is more popular" .... *Moment of awkward silence insert here*2nd experience - I was craving Tom Kha Gai soup. I ordered the hotpot so everyone could try some (plus, this way I can have more than one bowl without judgement - it's one of my favorite dishes!). The soup came out WHITE. I'm used to Tom Kha Gai soups that are more of a red-ish or yellow-ish blend. I understand that different places may have different methods of preparation, but the waitress did not ask for preferred levels of spiciness. Thus I had a feeling the Tom Kha Gai soup would not be spicy at all and nope.. it was not (very disapproving for a Thai dish!) I've been back a few other times, mainly out of convenience. The other dishes I've tried (papaya salad, pad thai, pad kee mow) were decent, but not very consistent in flavor and quality (thus resulting in a 3 star review). The main element of Thai cuisine is the bountiful amounts of herbs, spices and flavor. Thus, that is what I look for when I enter a Thai restaurant. I wouldn't say Monsoon is bad, but it's just not dependable. If I'm craving Thai food, I rather go somewhere consistent that I KNOW will satisfy my cravings.
5	We enjoyed the atmosphere here, the prompt and friendly service, and the excellent food, accompanied by a Thai tea. We had shrimp and scallops in a curry sauce with vegetables, and sharing one allowed us to save room for dessert -- sticky rice with an egg custard on top. We would definitely go here again.
3	Monsoon is not my normal go-to place for Thai, but I was in the area around lunch time, so I decided to stop in with a couple of co-workers.  We were served a soup to start with which was a bit on the bland side. I noticed that my co-workers soup had tofu in it, but sadly, there was none to be found in my bowl. Oh well.  The spring roll was small but pretty tasty.  So, onto the main course.  I decided to get the Penang curry and it was a-ok.  Not the most flavorful & delicious Penang curry I have had, but it was serviceable.  On our visit, the service was pretty fast and I thought the prices were reasonable.  Overall, the place was a-ok, but not my favorite Thai place in town.
4	First time trying this place on a recommendation via a co-worker. Looking for a restaurant in the south end area on Friday night, that isn't extremely busy seemed like a tough feat. We walked into an empty restaurant, which was a little concerning at first. However, the mood was broken when the friendly waitress greeted our table. She wasn't afraid to admit she was just helping her sister out, and was a hair dresser by trade, so it made it entertaining and humorous when trying to order from her. The atmosphere was quaint and was what I would have expected for a Thai restaurant. Which is great considering the strip mall it's located in - as many times as I've driven by and not even noticed it?!Of course we had to start with the fresh spring rolls. These were nothing special, but cured the craving I'd been having for them nonetheless. If you like spicy, they had a delicious house hot sauce, which mixed really well with the peanut sauce served with the fresh rolls.The Veggie Pud Thai was my selection for entree, which challenged my favorite pud thai dish in Charlotte. Spicy #3 had great flavors and a decent kick, but I'd step it up a notch next time. It was great how the spice was actually cooked in the dish as opposed to just sprinkled on top after the meal was plated. Everyone I dined with enjoyed their meal as well, so definitely worth going back and trying something else.Oh and you have to try the mints that come with the check; I've never had anything quite like it!
5	Excellent food and great service. The restaurant has a very good feel/environment.
4	I've tried all the Thai restaurants in the Charlotte area, and I have to say this is the most authentic tasting. All of their basic Thai stir fry and noodle specials are spot on - even beating out the ever so popular Thai Taste (on East Blvd). Favorites:Appetizer: Mee Krob, which is classic chicken lettuce wrap. Other places give you noodles with a tiny little bit of chicken. But Monsoon's can be eaten as a whole hearty meal. Their version has a lot of savory gravy (so if you are into the dryer stir fried chicken wraps, this may not be for you) Stir Fry: Pud Prig Pow, which is the classic thai basil stir fry. Nice flavor, with good amount of basil.Noodle: Lard Nar. This one isn't always available at some of the other Thai places around town. So seeing it on the menu, I had to try - and I was delighted.Aside from the good food, the staff is friendly and the service is fast. Price point is comparable to other Thai places around.
4	Good food and amazing customer service.  If you order takeout expect it to be ready in about 15 minutes.
1	Never again. I should have known not to stray from Thai taste, but I figured if give them a shot since I live between the two. First of all, they took my order over the phone and I had to call them back to give them my payment and spice level. They arrived with the food pretty fast, so I was willing to forgive the initial interaction. My boyfriend said it seemed light for what we ordered. We opened the bag and a LIVE BUG crawled out of the bag! The we realized they had forgotten half of our order, not that we had an appetite after the bug. After not being able to reach them by phone, we jumped in the car and sped off to take to food back and get our money back. They were closed and unreachable. The food now sits in my car waiting to go back to its home tomorrow. Yuck, gross, ew.
5	One of the best places in Charlotte for Thai food. I got the Pad Kee Mao and it was delicious. The service was good and everyone I went with was raving about their meal. I will definitely come back here again.
5	Tried it a few weeks ago. Very good. Pad Thai was out of this world and service was incredible. Will definitely visit again.
2	I was so disappointed with my Monsoon visit. While prices seemed fair I felt the food was lacking. I called in a to-go order that was ready quickly. No complaints there.We sampled the fresh rolls. It must have been a bad day for their shrimp order because these did not live up to their namesake. They were huge and to my dismay actually tasted kinda rotten. The peanut sauce paled in comparison to the sauce served at Doan's.Also sampled was the Tom Yum soup. It had large chunks of tough lemongrass and no subtle flavors or really any flavors.We enjoyed the old stand by Kang Panang Curry: Panang curry in coconut cream with peas, carrots, bell peppers, chopped lime leaves and sweet basil.I wouldn't go back just for that though when other restaurants are the total package.
3	When my girlfriends suggested Monsoon for a quick Thai lunch I was excited. It's been a while since I've had Thai and I was looking forward to seeing just what this place had to offer! The lunch crowd was busy but we didn't have to wait long for a booth. After a quick review of the menu I decided to go with the Pud Khana with chicken. To kick it up a notch I asked that they put a little extra spice in the brown sauce. The lunch meals come with soup, a spring roll and tea. I'm not a tea drinker so I passed on that but the soup was really good. It was a rice and chicken soup in a very tasty broth. The spring roll was crispy and the dipping sauce was a perfect mix of flavors. The Pud Khana was very flavorful. I wish it was a bit spicier but the vegetables were fresh and the chicken was very tender. I'd order it again!I'll definitely be back, I want to try their some of their curry and of course the pad thai!
3	Lunchtime favorite among my co-workers, my first time here. Lunch includes soup and a spring roll. The soup was too salty for my taste, it was some sort of broth with rice (my knowledge of Thai cuisine starts and ends at Chicken Pad Thai), the spring roll tasted nice and fresh,  I cant tell you what I ate except it was #23 on the lunch menu and it was tasty. I ordered with chicken, it had a lot of veggies - peppers, snow peas, carrots, broccoli, onions, thai basil in some sort of brown sauce with wide pan noodles. I was nervous the sauce would be similar to Chinese brown sauce (sweet, sugary) but this had a nice light flavor and the dish was not downed in it. Service was good, food came out fast and hot. I would try again and explore more of the menu.
5	We live close to Monsoon Thai and enjoy going there for dinner occasionally.  In the evening there is seldom a crowd, maybe just a few other tables. We find the service is ALWAYS prompt and friendly.  We went recently and I ordered one of the specials, Soft Shell Crab in red curry sauce. I have to say it was the best dish I have ever had there.  There were 3 crabs, all fried perfectly in a very light crisp batter.  Plenty of vegetables - peppers, broccoli, squash, corn, snow peas in a nice light curry sauce.  I had enough left over to take to lunch the next day.  We also ordered the  Mee Krob as an appetizer for 2 - enough for a meal in itself.  We have always enjoyed our meals here, but this was something special.  They have spruced the interior up with some new furnishings and the place looks much nicer.  My only suggestion here is to LOSE all the plastic plants and maybe change the wall color from Maroon to something lighter, more updated and appealing to the eye.
4	My husband and I had ordered-in once, out of sheer laziness and the desire to try something new. We had the red thai curry and rice and were pleasantly surprised with how delicious it was. So we made a lunch visit & had 2 options from the stir-fried menu. For starters, the restaurant is a small cozy one, almost homely. Service is excellent, and this coming from me (read, stickler for good service). Our server was a young cheerful girl and not only helped me choose between a few options (read: good knowledge about the food), but was pleasant, engaging, yet non-interfering. For $9 each we had a sumptuous meal of an iced tea, warm non-heavy soup, and just the right size for a side of chicken with veges, white rice and a golden crispy egg roll. My only complaint was the size of the plate was a tad small. But nothing that spoiled our experience. My husband & I are new to Charlotte and eat out a lot. Monsoon Thai, we both agreed, is a GOOD discovery!
2	The food is ok but they always make it too spicy. Once I asked for medium & I thought I was going to have to go to the ER. Keep in mind I love spicy food & I believe I have a higher than average tolerance. The last time I was there (last month) I asked for mild & it was past my tolerance level. I like their food but I won't be back because they just can't seem to figure out how to adjust their spices.
4	Great lunch, every timeGreen curry is very good.  5-star spicing will give you a nice, flavorful, burn.
4	Tasty dinner, good service. We will be back.  They had a good selection of beers on the menu and good price for imports. We enjoyed the tom kha gai soup which was  flavorful but the slices of lemongrass in it were a little woody and hard to eat.  The stuffed chicken wings (peah Kai yas sigh) were pretty tasty also. Made me wish there were more than two. Dinner was the kang ped which was a creamy coconut red curry duck with pineapple and peppers, bamboo shoots, lime leaves and basil. My wife and I enjoyed it. Service was friendly and attentive.
1	Very disappointed....would not go back.  Should have been able to tell by lack of customers on a Thursday night.  Tried two of the more popular dishes and neither really struck me as something I would come back for.  Hardly any meat, very small portions and the large bug on the wall behind me didn't do anything for my appetite.  Would rather pay more at Basil or head to Cuisine Malaya for my fix
5	Amazing food at very affordable price. Service was quick. Very basic restaurant but some of the best authentic thai food. Pad Thai , red curry and thai tea are the best options for us.
