4	I agree with the previous review by Samantha regarding the service. There are guys who will flat out ignore you and some that will really go out of their way. I purchased my fairly high dollar Kona from them a couple years ago and have been happy with the way they treated me since. Jorge comes across extremely gruff, but when you get him to open up he is the most helpful guy in the store. They do wednesday night rides around squaw peak if you know them I highly recommend it. They also helped me do my tubeless conversion and let me use space in the shop along with tools. Class act guys! Thanks Eric for all your help
4	We stopped in quickly to see if they could pass on some local knowledge. Nice guys, found out about a local bmx/bike concrete park in the area. Definitely headed there straight after.
5	I am not a "cyclist," I am just a bike rider.I became obsessed with Electra Townies after riding one.  I am a nerdy, middle-aged mom who just wanted a fun bike to ride with my kid.  I don't know from mountain bikes or road bikes.  After calling all over town and looking on the internet, a friend told me about Slippery Pig and how nice and helpful they were.  I called and they had my dream bike in stock, and at more than $100 less than I'd been able to find on the 'net.When I went in to see the bike, the little store was packed with hard-core cycling enthusiasts, talking about races and the virtues of various bike parts I had never heard of.  The lone guy running the store was courteous and took his time with each customer.Did I mention I know nothing about bikes?  Sometimes I hate going into specialty shops because the "experts" there are just socially maladjusted snobs with their little corner of knowledge, and they lord that over you to assert their superiority.  I was a little nervous, because the Pig was definitely a "real" bike shop.  But when it was my turn for assistance, my man Eli was nothing but nice.  Maybe the nicest guy ever.Even though it was past closing, he took his time going over the bike, gave me a beverage, offered me a discount, told me about the three free tune-ups I get for the next year, and gave me 20% off all accessories (because you know you have to trick out the new bike).When I went back a week later to get my basket attached, again at closing time, he remembered my name and seemed genuinely interested in what I thought of my bike.  George attached my basket, and I agree with the previous reviewer: he's great, too.I went in again last night to get a flat fixed, and this latest experience prompted me to write this review.  Again, I rolled in minutes to closing, and they fixed my flat right away, staying until well after closing.  But while I waited, Eli offered me my choice of delicious microbrews (!) and I sipped a lovely Four Peaks Kiltlifter Scottish Ale while they fixed my flat and attached a new saddle!  Where does that happen anymore?For context, I had taken my daughter's bike in to another LBS a year ago, and they took two days to fix the flat.  They were also nice guys, but two days to fix a flat?  (And no beer.  I think I am going to make free beer a prerequisite for service providers from now on.)These guys are just the best, and reminded me why it is almost always worth it to seek out small, independent businesses.  Thanks, Slippery Pig!
5	Rock on Slippery Pig.  I  bought bike for my daughter and within a week  she got a flat.  She was crushed.  It was on a Saturday and I had heard about the Slippery Pig so I took  the bike up there.  The store was busy, but when he  saw my daughter, he  told me don't worry they would  get the flat fixed.  I returned that afternoon and when I walked in, the first thing he  said was  "are you the one that wanted your daughter's  flat fixed?"  I said yes, and he brought  the bike up front, flat fixed.  Could not have been  nicer, and  repair  was very reasonable.  These guys are great!
5	5 stars to you, Gentlemen. Like many bike shops, these guys love to talk all things bike. Nice group, lots of good natured banter making even a new transplant to the area feel welcome (especially after some douchebag fixie hipster a**hole stole my handlebars last week. yes, my /handlebars/ honestly, who does that? next teenager i see with an emo haircut, skinny jeans walking around my apartment with an allen key and wire cutters is getting a serious beat-down).But I digress. They hooked me up, always looking for ways to save me a few bucks and I appreciate the personal service and attention to details.Shop here.
3	This  could easily be a 2 star review or a 4 star review depending on how you look at it. I dropped off my newly purchased mountain bike (used) for a tuneup and check of a few problem item's (brakes/leaky fork). I had some less then stellar experiences with other local bike shops and these guys came highly recommended (plus its in a good location). I dropped the bike off on Saturday and told that they would be working on it Tuesday, cool with me. The guy who waited on me was super friendly and chatted about the bike for a bit, everything seemed great.Tuesday came and went, Wednesday came and went. No biggie, I was expecting a call on what to do with the fork once they had some more information on it so I was surprised when I finally called on Thursday to check on my bike and was told it was done. I am not sure if it was just finished or it was finished days ago and had just been sitting there and no one called me - again not a huge deal, things are busy, things get missed.When I got there to pick up my bike there seemed to be some confusion on what was done. Apparently they didn't check the rear brake pads, so the guy (not the mechanic  who worked on it) put it up on the stand and checked them there. Pads were fine, one caliper was sticking, I checked the brake feel - just as bad as when I brought it in, basically I have to pull it to grip to get anything and apparently that is the best it can be adjusted? Ok.Apparently no one had called Manitou about my leaky fork either, to his credit, this same guy got on the phone right away to try to get a hold of them. No answer of course, at this point I am glad I am not in a hurry. We came to the conclusion that I should just ride the fork till it dies - fine, gotcha.I am not feeling great about the experience but again, everyone seems cool and is friendly and I understand things happen sometimes. I figure at least it is tuned as much as it could be.....Later the next day I am riding it around (first ride). The rear brake is true now which is great, front brake still rubbing some, shifting ok - SLAM. Chain suck. Mis-shifting. Chain suck. Mis-shift.....ugh. I guess this is why people learn to do their own work.I am not sure exactly was done with my bike the 5 days it was there. I would like to give them the benefit of the doubt, I didn't buy my bike there so I didn't have a relationship established but I was trying to.I would like to give these guys another shot but it's hard since I feel like I got 1/4 of a tuneup. Some would argue this could easily be a 2 star review, some might say they deserve 4 because I am being too tough. I am pretty easy going and patient and the fact that I am still left with a bike that needs adjustment after dropping $70, I think 3 stars is fair.
3	I really want to like the store, because the staff is very knowledgeable.  I'm not a bike fanatic though, so when I go in, I want help. The help I got came of as condescending and I left the store with a bad taste in my mouth about coming back. Hope others have a better experience!
1	There are a lot of positive reviews about SP, but I have to give a negative review due to some pretty bad customer service. I had purchased an old vintage bike and asked for a full overhaul. No problem, they said have it ready in two days. Went in to pick up the bike and they said they were slammed and did not get to work on it. No Problem. A week after that and it was not done. Another 3 weeks after that and it was not done. Another weeks goes by and its not done. Having not received one phone call, I finally just go in and ask for the bike. I was told that they were waiting on some brake pads and a 28" x 1 1/2" tube which, they claimed were both extremely difficult to find. The brake pads perhaps, they were different, but the tube? I bought one the same day just around the corner. That was disappointing.Now, they did seem to do a good job overhauling the bike and they only charged me for part of the job since I took it before they could finish.Yet, after 6 weeks of waiting, not receiving one phone call, and some condescending attitudes, I was ready to take my bike back and try another avenue. It seems like a cool place, but this was really a bad experience. Two stars for their work, zero for service.[Edit]I meant to add this just after I wrote the entry. I had stated above that I understood it may be difficult to find the brake blocks needed for a rod actuated system. This was to give Slippery Pig the benefit of the doubt with regard to why they needed to keep my bike for 6 weeks (and who knows how long it would have taken to get it back had I not walked in there and demanded it back unfinished). Well, it took me the better part of half an hour to find a place that would ship the brake blocks to me within 3 days using the advanced technique of the Google search engine. Now, there are two excuses Slippery Pig could use in their defense, they just didn't care, or they are incompetent. I think a little of both are involved. Because of this, I am downgrading my review from a 2 to a 1, and will never being taking a bike back there.
3	they had me at 50% off everything but the bike frames (which were 30% off). i went to get an estimate for my gear replacement-seems i took off the wrong piece in my attempt at self repair over at the Rusty Spoke. they didn't have the pin for my bike=as they said it is tooo old (that's what i totally love about my bike!) so instead i had them check the brakes and adjust the seat. i was prepared to pay for their services, but low and behold it was FREE! how sweet is that? the 50% & 30% off sale is happening until the end of the month, as that is when they move into the new place next door to Lux coffee shop on Central Avenue. you should get in there if you need lights or bike pumps, because at 50% off they won't last long!
1	Never Again,I brought my Mountain Bike in (which I bought 1 week earlier from Walmart) to have them replace my flat inner tubes with puncture resistant tubes.)  I came back 20 minutes later when they said it would be done and as I rode away, the back tire rhythmically rubbed against the back brake.  When I returned and told them about it, I was told the back wheel was not true.  It was true for the whole short week since I purchased it from Walmart.  I plan to take it to their competitor (Landis) and pay the extra $15-$25) to have the wheel put back to the straight condition it was in when I brought it to Slippery Pig in the first place.   I would never give a shop another penny for an extra service I should never have needed on a brand new bike which coasted perfectly when I brought it in.
5	The guys at Slippery Pig were able to to find me a great solution to my unique problem, and they were friendly to boot.I've got 4 kids (7, 5, 3, and 2), and I wanted something that would allow me to tow all of them.  I'd been to a few other shops, and they were only able to put together solutions that would allow me to tow 3 of them.They recommended a Kona Ute (http://www.konaworld.com/bike.cfm?content=ute, which they sell for $150 less than MSRP) and they added on a second handlebar under the peddlers seat.  My oldest sits on the rack and holds onto the handlebars, my second sits behind him on the rack and holds onto him like a motorcycle passenger.  The 2 youngest sit in a quick release trailer/jogging stroller.Not only did they meet my needs, but they were very cool.  Erik (owner) and Aaron (manager) were very accommodating and let me test ride the bike and explained terms I wasn't familiar with.  They showed me how to do maintenance, how to quickly detach and collapse the trailer, etc.  They quickly installed slimed tires and the optional third gear quickly and happily.Definitely recommend them as friendly, knowledgeable, and competitively priced.
5	I recently purchased by first road bike from Eric, the owner of Slippery Pig. The service was and continues to be superb. I got a really great deal on the bike as well as all the "fixings" like a computer, headlight, shoes, pedals, extra tubes, etc. Eric even took the time to give me a mini lesson on how to fix a flat/replace a tube and how to adjust the clips on my shoes (after he took the time to secure them in for me in the first place). This was not because his bike shop was quiet and there wasn't any other work to do...this is because that is just the kind of guy he is and the type of bike shop he runs. You might have to wait a while to get help when its busy but they're gonna take good care of you when they do. The guys are a laid back group who love to shoot the shit and talk about bikes, recent rides, and old battle-scars. Any time my bike needs a tune up or adjustment they are happy to help. They made sure the bike fit my frame well and made minor adjustments to the seat height, handle bar angle, etc. Things I would not be able to do for myself as a novice rider. Furthermore, as a new rider the guys are even encouraging me to ride with a group and I've been invited to join them on many rides. There are some negative reviews but I would disregard them. I would gladly buy another bike here and I have many friends who have been loyal to this shop for many, many years and have purchased dozens of bikes from Eric. The new shop is in a great location across from the light-rail on Central ave. Plus there is a new, adorable shop-puppy working there!
5	This place has amazing customer service.  A friend and I stopped by just to browse.  She asked one of the guys a question about the basket on her Electra.  He explained to her in great detail how the basket is supposed to work, and told her to bring her bike by and he'd take a look at it.  (My friend's basket tips whenever she puts something into it.)  We were enroute to her place to pick up her bike and head downtown to ride around, so we stopped back by Slippery Pig after we had her bike on her carrier.  The guy asked us to leave the bike for about 30 minutes, so we went over to Lux and had a hot beverage while we waited.  Less than 30 minutes later, we headed back.  He'd secured her bike with the part her old basket was missing.  She'd asked him about touch-up paint for her bike, because it had fallen off the rack when she first got it.  He'd found her the touch-up paint for her metallic green finish, rubbed out some deep scuffs with solvent, tightened her kickstand, and put air in her tire.  The part she bought cost about $16.I bought my Electra at another shop in town, but based on the friendly, more-than-expected service at the Slippery Pig, I think I'll bring my bike here for parts and service in the future.  It's closer to my house, and it's right on the light rail.
1	I've tried so hard after countless opportunities that you guys had just to be an acceptable go to bike shop...you've failed just about every time.  Horrible customer service countless times, jobs not performed during the time frame they had presented, which was not much of a big issue, but the fact that they never informed me that they never started the work after leaving a bike there for over three days.  I get it, you're busy.  But if you keep telling me it will be done today, I'll assume it'll be done.  If you tell me you can work on it, I'll assume you'll work on it.  And when I call to figure out what's going on, don't cut me off and expect me not to be an angry customer.  But I'm sure I get it, you're happy with your repeat customers and don't plan on getting/keeping new ones.  Thanks anyway.
4	Bought my first Road bike here.  a sexy little red dress number.  Everyone who knows me knows I'm more of a little black dress number as black is slimming. But I couldn't resist the apple red and white, and the price was awesome, as they offered me a clearance price for the 2011 without any prompting on my part. 3 bike dudes helped me out;  A younger guy with a beard gave me the initial  discount.  Because I bought the bike right before closing time, I forgot to get fitted, as I spent the last few minutes joy riding on my new sexy steed.  So I called and went back the next day; Mountain-biker Mark spent tons of time with me finding the right accessories and adjusting my bike;  what a sweet, patient cool dude, I highly recommend the ladies seek out this man for bike education and service.   The prices are competitive and pretty decent;  I compared, researched and checked, and that was what finally won me over for my last minute impulse buy;  We women do a lot of last minute impulse buys....    And the Slippery Pig guys will go out of their way to make a lady feel, well, bike-educated, and they will tell you like it is, which I appreciate.  It might take a wee little bit of time for them to warm up to you, so ask for Mark.  He's my go to bike guy.   on a side note:  this store is dog friendly, which is really a plus in my book;  expect dogs to sniff your butt and lick your legs (...and more)...while you browse.  Eli and his his Cally are adorable....
5	Getting back into biking since moving to Phoenix (since I'm carless and it is so flat here hehe) and seeing as the last time I rode a bike I was twelve, I needed some help!...they were super helpful teaching me the ropes and getting me set up with all the essentials. Knowledgable staff, friendly atmosphere and average prices. Good selection for store size.
1	I bought a high dollar mountain bike at this shop over a year ago, assured that, although I was paying a premium price, I was getting "the best".  The build took longer than promised, and I had to return several times for mechanical adjustments.  Each time I returned, the staff was so indifferent, they would feign not recognizing me - weird.  For a customer who spent thousands.  Not that I would want to be accused of using this review to advertise another shop, but it's important, so follow along.  I found another shop, Airpark Bikes.  They are a high end shop that sells many of the same brands as the slippery pigs.  The point is, that when I went there, they started from scratch.  It turns out that the bike I purchased originally was the wrong size frame for me.  All of my attempts to move the seat further back and the handlebars forward were simply because my frame was too small for me.  The new shop used several instruments to determine my right size.  The pigs never even used a tape measure on me.  And "the best" components I paid dearly for - Truativ noir and Shimano XT - I learned that these components were mediocre at best.In the end, I bought an entire new bike at Airpark.  My size, with all XX and carbon components - truly "the best" - and the irony is that I paid the same amount for first bike I bought from the pigs.I had a very expensive and painful lesson in buying mountain bikes.  Don't go to the slippery pigs, or you too will pay more and get less.
5	YELP totally missed the boat by not mentioning this place as THE BEST BIKE SHOP IN PHOENIX. I simply called them one day, knowing what I wanted: A Salsa Mukluk, Snow Bike, aka "Fat Bike"...  They "had one that  needed to be built."  I said: "Build it and I will come."  I rode out of there a couple of hours later with the coolest bike I have ever owned.  The staff was totally hip and cool and GREAT and communicating and relating to my needs as a cyclist. I would not go anywhere else.  Do yourself a favor and buy your next bike at  the Slippery Pig.
5	Unless a place is quite new, it takes me a while to formulate my review.  Slippery Pig has been an establishment I frequent for years, but until recently, I didn't necessarily feel the need.  I used to go back and forth between the shops in the area, but a terrible run-in with a mechanic at the near-Landis shop (who purposefully ran a group of riders off the road with his car) gave me final decision to make Slippery Pig "my LBS".  I always found myself coming back to this shop after trying to broaden my horizons with another shop in the area.  I guess that should have been a sign!I've never had bad experiences - maybe strange - and typically everything gets sorted out.  I've had exemplary service, where certain people go above and beyond to help me with some minute detail for some weird part I'm missing or needing.  I've rarely, if ever, been up-sold (or attempted to) here, and while that's a very commendable thing, it's good to know when you should absolutely up-sell.  It is, however, annoying to go to a shop that is always trying to pull one over on you and change your mind about something - I've never had that happen here, despite the wonky old bikes I'm working on (that most shops would try to get me into a modern bike and throw away what I have).This is *the* Cen PHX shop, IMO.  It's 'lax and laid back, with lots of help on hand.  There's chill pups walkin' around the shop, which shows you despite being about business, these people really do have a cool thing going on.  Patronize this place; I doubt you'll regret it.
4	I'm somewhat of a bike junky, and after stopping by a few other shops in Central Phoenix to check them out, I was sorely disappointed by the selection. Then I popped into Slippery Pig. I loved the selection, the variety, and the level of interest in what I wanted. I wasn't even planning on buying a bike and told the guy that. He didn't seem to care and showed me around anyway. I've since gotten a few accessories there and have been pleased by the staff's suggestions and service. Maybe there's some mystery d-bag roaming around there, judging from some of the lousy reviews, but I've never had anything but exemplary service. I'll reserve a fifth star for when I either buy a bike or get some more substantial service here. In the meantime, Slippery Pig will remain my LBS.
4	A SOLID 4The first encounter with SP was when they were located on central and camelback, and it wasn't good. Yet my second time was 100% better.I went it for a carbon fiber fork, and they called around some stores to find them. I was more than slightly impressed.The only odd thing was they orginally offered me a used carbon fiber fork, then later offered me a NEW carbon fork for a $100 more...so I said "no thanks." With my surprise they told me I could have the new fork only $20 more than the used fork. It was a cannon dale carbon six..so for only 2o dollars more was a bargain i could not pass up. Odd that he tried to hike me up...I mean I would have done the same thing...but he was a little bit to obvious. I would have been insulted if I cared enough. I will go back for my repair needs foooorrr sure!R\_
5	I'm an avid rider, not a racer, that likes to build my own bikes and get good deals on-line.  But I also like the atmosphere and community that the LBS provides to my riding pleasure.  As many have written, without supporting LBSs you couldn't have the community atmosphere or physically try the product.  I've been doing night rides with Slippery Pig for about two years and grown to know Eli and Byron.  I also met Eric the owner and he's always been easy to talk to and always had an open ear to some of my questions on bike equipment. I finally decided to pick up my first 29er hardtail and decided to go with the Scott Scale Expert. Rather than doing it myself I wanted to change out the drive train to a 2x10 set up and Slippery Pig was more than willing to oblige.  They went through the trouble of picking up the bike from their fountain hills location, change out the drive train and other upgrades I wanted within the same day.  Yes, same day!  I also wanted to change out the pedals to crank brothers but unfortunately they didn't have them in stock.  Eric just let me borrow some demo pedals while my new pedals came in so that I could enjoy my ride the next day.  In this writing I just picked up my new pedals (1 week turn around) and will be returning the demo pedals tomorrow.  Now if that isn't client service I don't know what is.Could it be the client service was directly related to my relationship with the staff.  You decide.  Could I have saved more buying on-line?  Sure.  But if you're in the mtb scene it's all about community.  I know the folks at Flat Tire, Airpark, and Rage and they're all a great bunch of guys.  Slippery Pig has been great to work with, provided excellent client service, and I would highly recommend getting to know their staff as I did.
5	These guys really know their stuff. I really enjoy visiting about bikes and it seems that they do too. They are always willing to offer suggestions as well as give me what I want even if it strays from their suggestions. The owner and sporting professionals that work here are some of the best in the valley. bb.
2	I don't know what it is about bike shops that turn people into snobby, elitist douchenozzles. Is it because you're a grown man and your greatest skill is building a 29-inch wheel set?I own 6 bikes, and I'll be the first to admit that I am mechanically retarded. I can't even clean the chain without knocking the whole damn gearing system out of alignment. So I've been to every bike shop in town. There's one (rhymes with Smandis) that I won't set foot in because the guys who work there will laugh right in your face for requesting minor repairs.At Slippery Pig, you never know what to expect because you get a different bearded guy each time. Seriously, is facial hair required to work here?My first experience with the Pig was trying to buy a high-end mountain bike. The owner (King of the Beards?) spent nearly an hour with me describing the models they carried. He convinced me I wanted to buy an Ellsworth Evolution despite that their silly graffiti-style branding makes them look like bikes for skateboarders. Well, I'm not paying $5,000 for a bike without test-riding it first. So I put my name down to take their demo for a spin. In the following weeks, I went back into that shop 3 times and the Ellsworth was never there; at one point, a Beard told me it belonged to the owner and I had to get his permission to ride it. Yeh, dude, I did that. We spent an hour talking.I ended up buying a Pivot Mach 429 at another store, and I ain't never been happier. Their loss.But back to the Pig. I also own an old hand-me-down Bianchi road bike that I use for getting around town (two wheels are better than four, people). When the chain seized on me today, I stopped by the Pig on the way home for some help. One of the Beards actually snarled at me, rolled his eyes, and mumbled something about it's not supposed to be set up this way. Really, because your man with the beard right behind you set it up like this a few weeks ago.
5	I'm a new rider and went in to the shop looking for a little guidance with buying a bike the basic: what I need, pricing, ect. I ultimately bought a used bike from a friend and brought it in to have SP give it a look over to see how I can better my riding experience. I left very comfortable with my experience buying the accessories(lock, lights) both were great suggestions on the part of the employee. I went back in today looking for a new saddle and was surprised at the large selection. I was further surprised because they offered to let me try out some seats before I bought one and when I say try out I mean I walked out with one to try for a few days!Awesome customer service Awesome selectionI'm a slippery pig customer for life!
5	I love riding my bike! It's taken the place of dating and is far less complicated. However, after a recent bike ride, I noticed my back tire was a bit more wobbly than before. Since I was in dire need of a tune-up, I rode in here because it's close to my apartment and on my way home from work. And, let's be frank, anything that reminds me of bacon is bound to catch my attention.Upon entering that Sunday morning, I immediately smell bacon. Turns out, one of the techs was cooking some up in the back. So I showed him my ink and he offered me a piece. They did an initial inspection of my bike and told me it would be done by Wednesday. Unfortunately, I needed a new back tire because the spokes kept popping out. This delayed my pick-up by a whole day, which was fine. Because now my bike rides like a beast. I also picked up another mirror which improves my field of vision of the hot guys and their asses behind me. So, yeah, I'm a fan!
3	Slippery pig saved our butts.My husband and I both got flat tires on a night out on the bikes, slippery pig was close and open!  Well not open for long, we had to high tail it over there to get the tires replaced.The gentleman who helped us was quick and friendly.  He suggested better tubes that could handle the thorns that are generally in the neighborhoods around there.  We took him up on it and they have worked great so far!The only small gripe is when we were leaving my chain fell off, granted they were basically closing the doors, the guy that helped us out said to bring it back tomorrow and they would fix it.  Yikes.  But once we explained that we would be riding the bikes home he let us bring it back in and they quickly tightened the chain.  No problems since!
5	This is my new bike shop. Very friendly staff, great shop and tons of accessories/parts for no matter what you ride. I was very impressed and I plan on going back regularly. I moved to Phx from Tempe and was worried about ho would be my new bike shop.
5	I used to buy online until I met these guys, really helpful and honest, and they organize night rides which are funnnn.
5	This shop is located close to my house and Eric and Eli are hilarious and also know a thing or two about bikes. They also do a great job of supporting the riding community.
5	I have been to slippery pig a half a dozen times in the last few months since moving in nearby. I have nothing but great things to say about the shop. They are friendly and courteous and I haven't experienced any of that bike snobbery that comes with LBS. I am glad I found a local shop with great service
5	I am an avid biker, so when I recently moved to Phoenix I was anxious to find a bike shop that could meet my needs and keep me on the road.Well, I am happy to say I found the place.  I brought my bike into the shop last Saturday, was greeted with friendly service and was impressed with the amount of bikes and accessories on display.  These guys are not simply selling only run of the mill bikes.  They are covering many aspects of biking, children, commuters, BMX, even sand cruisers.  I spoke with the mechanics in the back who treated me with respect and knowledge.  There was no snobbery or attitude (which has happened to me at other shops in response to my atypical bike rider appearence (middleaged, overweight business professional)). I ride a european bike which has some rarer parts and features and the guys were ready to work with it, no issues.The bike was completed on time as promised.  The bike felt brand new as I took it on a quick 7 mi sprint back home.  I am a fan and I will be back for all my bike needs.
4	The bike Mechanics are very good, a couple stars for them. Shop is packed with bikes, parts, and accessories, a star for the shop. Two gorgeous, super friendly dogs hang out in the shop, a big star for the critters. The salesmen were n
4	Love this place great staff good prices  the staff is there to answer questions love my local businesses
5	We've always had an amazing experience here. There are two other bike shops in the 'vicinity', Landis and PHX Bike. Neither one of these places hold a candle to Slippery Pig. You're greeted before the door even swings shut behind you. Everyone is SUPER nice and knowledgeable. Service is always quick. They even go above and beyond what you ask them to do. My most recent trip brought me in to fix a flat on my beach cruiser. I left it there, went next door to grab a drink, came back 10 minutes later and not only was the flat all fixed, they also fixed up the seat and the handle bars (Casey was the gentleman working on it this time). You guys ROCK! Best shop in PHX!
1	Just went in to look for a bike to ride to school, and work, and there were about 6 or 7 guys there doing nothing; didn't offer to help me, or asked if I had any questions about the bikes. They just completely and outright ignored me like I wasn't there. Don't suggest going there if you're a woman because a guy walked in behind me and he was helped right away. If I could give 0 stars I would.
1	Whenever I check out a new place, be it a restaurant, store, or service provider, I always sort the yelp reviews by date, with the most recent first.  Good reviews from 3 years ago are not as helpful as good reviews from 3 weeks ago.  Ditto for bad reviews.If you sort the reviews for this shop by date, you'll see the 3 most recent reviews below this one are all 1 star, and all for similar reasons: customer service, or lack thereof.  This review is no different.I am currently in the market for a new mountain bike.  I've done my research, talked to friends who are bike enthusiasts, and I've looked around a few places.  Really, all I needed from Slippery Pig was to get my frame size double checked, and to answer a few questions about some subtle differences between different equipment setups between Cannondale models.  If they had provided those answers, they would have made a sale.In the past 4 weeks, I stopped by the shop 3 times.  All 3 times, my entry, browsing, and lingering presence went unnoticed.  I was ignored when the shop was somewhat busy (acceptable), but also when there was only one other customer.I understand that the guys can get busy, or can be distracted, etc.  But how hard is it to get a simple acknowledgment or something like "Hey, we'll be with you as soon as we can"?  I've gotten more acknowledgment of my presence from strangers in a stadium men's room waiting line than I did from the staff at Slippery Pig.  How hard is it to at least give me a head nod, or even look in my direction?  Actually, I take that back.... I watched them all look at me, but then not say anything.  I even got acknowledged by another customer as I fiddled with price tags, but nothing from the sales guy standing between us both.  Unbelievable.Well, needless to say, I will not be spending my hard-earned money there.  I wish I could opine like other yelpers about their aloof attitudes, or their knowledgeability, or service.  Sadly, I can't because Slippery Pig never had me at hello.Ignore me once, shame on you.  Ignore me twice, shame on me.  Ignore me three times, get 1 star on yelp.
5	Slippery Pig is my favorite bike shop. I come here pretty frequently for new tubes. Every couple months, after a valve breaks or a particularly nasty thorn penetrates my tire I know it's time to head down to the pig. I love this shop in particular because of several reasons which I will in turn explain below: -Location; centrally located along the light rail, it's super convenient for folks like me, who, once their bike has gone out of commission need an alternate means of transport. It's literally across the street from a light rail stop. Also it's right next door to Lux and Panne Bianco, so while your bike is getting some fine tuning you can go grab a delicious panini and chill outside in the fairer weather or lounge inside Lux with the hip kids sipping inky coffee to music from before their time.  -Customer Service; a lot of bike shops can be like mechanics garages, filled with gear heads that toss around jargon and tools with grease covered hands, intimidating and emasculating you about your lack of knowlege and inadequacy as a cyclist. Not at Slippery Pig, these dudes know their stuff and they're more than willing to share that wisdom. They aren't condescending and they're super helpful. It's also a family/doggy friendly shop. -Price; If you're shopping for a new bike this might not be the cheapest spot. However if you're after parts or need some repairs the dudes at the S.P. won't charge you an arm and a leg...or a belly and a loin. I'd gladly recommend anybody here and as far as I'm concerned this is the best bike shop in Cen_Pho.
4	I'm still looking so this rating may change, but out of the four shops I went to, these guys really impressed me with their friendliness and willingness to find out what I wanted to do with a bike. One bike shop I went into just looked at me and pointed out a cruiser, which is NOT what I want (although I am older). So will either go here or Sun Cycle to make my purchase. So far, Sun has been awesome and it's closer to my house.
1	Sooo, is it normal for bike shop workers to be super smug? Seriously, you'd think I was interrupting them from their efforts at curing cancer. My apologies for my patronage and desire to spend money at your shop, it shan't happen again.Also, I was quoted over the phone that a service would be $40, when I get there they say $45, but when I pick it up: $50. They said it would be easy to do, and I could pick it up the next day, but after going out if my way, nope...not ready.Bottom line, I don't recommend this place.
1	uggggh!  That this how I feel at the moment when I think about the Slippery Pig. I had such high hopes for this place and could have given them so much business but damn how hard is it to order a part? I keep getting the run around "we just have to order a fork." Meanwhile my friend has dropped off 3 forks of various sizes to help move the process along faster. Some creep who acts like he's too cool to talk to a girl who likes to ride bikes straight up lied to me about timing when it would be ready. I have it writing, fool! When I went in to check out the status of my bike on the day he promised the bike would be ready that same creep immediately got a strong attitude. Just a reactionary guy I guess but seriously he scared me.So after getting the run around going on 2 weeks of hearing "we are going to order the part tomorrow" I'm picking up my bike today and I'll just fix the damn thing myself.  I fully expect my bike to be destroyed when I go in to get it. That's just the kind of confidence I have in this place. Bummer.
5	I had my Phat Cruiser tuned up there,  the  guys did a fantastic job, and were laid back and courteous.  I love that my cruiser feels like new again.  Thanks guys!!  Because of that great experience I brought a newly purchased single gear bike here to have a new saddle installed.  The nice gentleman helping noticed the stripped hex bolt on the seat post and replaced it, then proceeded to adjust the brake, and brake lever, AND then put air in the tires, and fit me to the seat/bike.  All that cost just under ten dollars which was super awesome! AS soon as I got home, I pulled my bike out of the jeep, and went for a ride! What a huge difference in the overall performance and comfort.  I can feel the difference, in that there no longer any tension in my back.  I will be bringing my road bike back for a tune up, and purchasing here from now on.
5	First visit yesterday to get my road bike fit checked because of some shoulder stiffness. I had been fitted by complex computer aided fits and never felt comfortable on the bike. The staff was very friendly, knowledgeable and did not pressure me into buying a lot of extras. Road bike fits can get very expensive if they recommend new seat, stem, shims, etc. They took the time to understand the issues and discuss an acceptable solution. First ride went well. I will be back to support the shop
5	Honestly I visited probably every shop in the valley in my quest for my first road bike. I researched, learned what questions to ask and traveled all over trying to find the right "fit" with a shop that was convenient, knowledgable, trustworthy and fun to be in. I found a bike home at Slippery Pig. Not only did they beat every shops price on the brand new this year model women's specific Amira but they did a professional fit free of charge!!! That's unheard of. My first 100 mile tune up was also free. I've been back in the shop just to hang out, talk bikes, let my dog socialize with the shop dogs and learn new bike routes. Roadie expert Ron is amazing and truly an asset to the Pig team! Love our weekly shop rides!!! Great customer service, fun people and very reliable!!!
5	I have been there several times over the last month since I started biking more. The community is great and they go out of their way to try to get you what you need. Even if you're not a big time cycler, like myself, they help to get you something with a good price and not upswell you for no reason like other shops I've been to.
1	I believe that when you enter any shop or store, the people working there should acknowledge that you are there with a simple 'hello' or 'how ya doin' or even 'yo'. When I entered I approached the cash register where an employee was so focused on his task on the computer I received no such acknowledgment (at a bike shop mind you where computers are entirely unnecessary). I went on a search to find what I was looking for, and found a fair selection of unpriced parts, one of which I grabbed. After I found the item I was looking for on my own I returned to the counter where the man stopped his vigorous computer activity to ring up my item. He then asked me for an astronomical price for something that should cost very little. I asked what the problem was and he said that this is the special light weight product and that I would probably rather have the standard issue. This was unknown to me and more complicated because prices were not given for these items. He then walked me back and helped me find exactly what I was looking for. I paid and was on my way knowing I would never return to this shop.
5	Okay I bought a single gear bike from these guys, my new passion, and they were GREAT!  Shortly after I bought my bike I had a problem, nothing they did it was weather related, and they went above and beyond what any shop has ever done for me.  I am a loyal customer and will recommend this place to riders of all levels.
5	I would have to say my overall experience was excellent. I have not ridden a bike since I was a kid...maybe 8. I went into two bike shops, Slippery Pig and Landis Cyclery. I gave them both the same information on what I was looking for which was I had up to $2,000 to spend but was concerned about buying a nice bike and then just having it sit in my garage...so if I wanted to re sell it I didn't want to take a huge hit. The guy at Landis, to me, simply said whatever he had to say in order to get the sale. He took me to the most expensive bike within that budget and told me if I bought that one I could sell it for MORE than what am paying him for it.... (If I can sell it for more whey can't he?)Then he tried to sell me every gadget he could to max out that $2,000 limit. There were a number of other issues that I could mention that just turned me off to going back to that shop. But anyhow this is a review about Slippery Pig. I went there and spoke with the owner and he basically told me that no matter what I was going to lose about 30% of the value and the only way to minimize your loss would be to buy a cheap bike...something that would be more of an impulse purchase to most people and took me to a bike well below my $2,000 limit. I didn't buy right then but went back a couple days later and talked to a sales rep, who didn't know I spoke to the owner already...told him the same thing and he pretty much said the same thing the owner did.  He then only took me to the things I would actually need to buy in addition to the bike, like locks. I wound up spending almost to my $2,000 limit only because I am hard headed and maybe even a bit of a snob, but I just did not want a cheap bike.   I really fell like those guys listened to what I was saying and tried to only sell me what I needed. In the end it was me who probably bought a bike that was way more than what I needed and way more than I needed to spend. Had the guy at Landis not come across as such a used car salesman I would have bought the bike he had there in stock. Instead I went to Slippery Pig and purchased a bike they had to order.
5	These guys are great and super helpful!  I am just starting to get into biking and they were very helpful with everything.  They even assembled my bike rack and put it on my xterra for me and showed me how to strap my bike in.  I will be bring friends and family back to shop for their bikes here too!
4	Terrific service.  Was having problems changing out pedals; took it in late on a Saturday and they changed them out right away, explaining the maintenance as they went.
5	I know little and less about bicycles other than how to put air in them and use them, and these people are great, super helpful and honest about what you need it seems, but time will tell! So far so good though.
5	I bought my sister a beach cruiser for xmas and didn't have the tools to finish putting it together .  I took it to The Slippery Pig and they offered me assistance almost immediately.   They were knowledgable, courteous,  and fun to talk to.  I would recommend them to a novice biker or an enthusiasts!
