5	I was here on business, but for you rockafellas that can afford to stay here on your leisure, prepare yourself for luxxxxury. The hotel is actually only a lobby, pool, and a few restaurants -- the guest rooms are the top 5 stories of the Mandalay Bay. When I arrived, they upgraded me to a fat strip view suite, because the room I'd booked was too small for the rollaway I'd requested for my hotel-crashing friend. The suite was gorgeous, and I swear they pipe in this tropical flower scent all over this hotel because everything smells fresh, natural, and fruity (which is the antithesis of the usual Vegas scent experience).4 Seasons guests have access to the Mandalay pools, but don't bother -- they're grody, loud, sticky, and packed with screaming rug rats. The 4 Seasons has its own pool -- a lush, quiet, tropical oasis with servers handing out pineapple slices, complimentary iced tea, and cucumber slices for your eyes. Thanks, company dime!
5	This was the place we went to for the wedding rehearsal dinner:We get there and was lead out side towards the pool. There was a reception area where  h'ors devours and drinks were being served. The place was beautifully designed. A very warm and comforting vibe. The hostess, and our servers in the reception area were really nice and accommodating.We were brought fresh fruits and vegetables, crostinis with herbed feta, deep fried risotto and ricotta, little pizzettas, and a few other things I stayed away from to save my appetite. Everything that I did eat, was delicious. I also had a San Pellegrino and a double shot of Patrone.After a while we were lead to a private room, and after everyone was seated, we were given a choice of San Pellegrino flat or sparkling water. Plus a choice of various reds and white. Merlot or Pinot Noir? Or, Chardonnay or Pinot Grigio? Fricken' cool or what?! I had a Pinot Noir.Our dinner was sort of prefixed, but the choices were many. I ended up getting what I believe is the BEST Caesar Salad, I have EVER had. I'm not kidding you. I like a Caesars salads. I eat them all the time. The 3 things that most places miss with a Caesar salad is 1) lack of anchovies in the dressing. 2) Romaine hearts not sweet enough and 3) either it's the wrong cheese or low grade Parmesan.  This Caesar is the crem-dela-crem of all Caesars! I inhaled my salad. Luckily, my friend's daughter didn't finish her Caesar, so, I inhaled that  on too.Next, came the this weird  appetizer. On this little plate, on a little fork like stand was a cherry tomato, filled with what I believe was a creamy ricotta with herbs. Gone in one bite. Eh, so so. What was that all about.Then the main course of Filet Mignon with creamy mash potatoes and sauted green beans and those thin little carrots. The Filet Mignon was perfect. Slice by meticulous slice. Bite by slow and savoring bite. I ate and sighed. People were worried that I wasn't  enjoying the food. "You ok? You're so quiet."Raf an Ev looks over towards me and says to them, "Oh yeah, he's fine." "Perfect" I smiled. I was more than fine. I was in heaven.I had another Pinot Noir. Then the coffee, tea, and pre-dessert was served. Yep. that what I said. Pre-dessert.Chocolate covered strawberries, with rasp, blue, and black berries on the side. Various chocolates; deep, dark, chocolate beads in a champagne flute, house made milk chocolate covered wafer, little chocolate bars with a raspberry candy, chocolate caramel sticks and a little dome of chocolate filled with a liquor and cream. And since it was the bride's sisters husband's birthday the day before, and the  grooms older brother's birthday, 2 days later. There was a birthday cake of dark chocolate cake, light and white chocolate filling and icing, chocolate flowers with raspberries and chocolate powder.Yes, I died and went to CHOCOLATE HEAVEN.I finished of the meal with a spicy ginger tea, with light honey and cream.Decadence.
3	Would have been great, except we were told we could check in at 2, but when we went to check in, they told us it wasn't ready yet.  When we asked if they could give us a time estimate, they said that they couldn't.  So we waiting in their lobby for about an hour, then we could finally get into the room.  When we finally got to the room, it was lackluster, not what I would expect from a Four Seasons.  I've stayed in nicer (and less expensive) rooms in the Monte Carlo.  The beds, however, were heaven (I wanted to take them home with me), and the pool (which actually belonged to the Mandalay Bay) was amazing.
5	We almost always stay here when we go to Vegas.  It is so refreshing to pull up to a Vegas hotel and walking in and NOT hearing the clang, clang, clang, ring ring ring, buzz, buzz buzz, ding ding ding of the slots machines (don't worry there is a small hallway that allows you to enter Mandalay Bay's casino).  It is quiet and peaceful.  No huge mega line to check in either.  The hotel is beautiful other than the gaudy clothing and jewelry in the boutiques (people...just because you have a lot of money doesn't mean you have to look that different).  The afternoon tea is relaxing and the pool and spa are nice.  The best secret about this hotel is that it is the "only" hotel in Vegas that can get you on the VIP list at all of the clubs WITHOUT being a high roller or a celeb.  Just go to the concierge and they will put you on the list (lets keep this a secret though).  When you arrive at the night clubs you get to walk by all of the  (sometimes hundreds of)  people standing in line and go straight to the VIP line and boom....your in.  www.fourseasons.com/lasvegasYou feel like a super star!
4	Four Seasons SpaRelaxing.Lovely.Never stayed at the hotel, but the spa is very nice.  The staff are friendly.  Terry robes are the softest.  And the massage was fantastico!  They have a small facility giving you access to a steam room and a quiet room.  I will visit again when I'm in Vegas.
5	Adore the Four Seasons. This is one of the only two hotels I particuarly like in Las Vegas. The other would be the Wynn. What is especially great about the Four Seasons is that it just doesn't feel like Las Vegas at all. It doesn't have a casino, tons of smoke or bright lights. While it is located on the top 5 floors of Mandalay Bay, it feels as though it is worlds away. They have their own seperate pool area, lobby, etc... While you have access to everything at Mandalay, the guests there do not have access to the FS pools, etc... The pool area is nice and there is always someone on hand to bring you cool fruit, ice pops, clean the sunglasses or sprtiz you with Evian. They will cater to you and make you feel like a rock star. There really isn't a "bad" view room as far as the FS goes, but some of the suites are particularly amazing with views of the strip. I highly recommend it if you're like me and aren't really a fan of the typical Vegas scene but do enjoy coming just to get out of town for a weekend.
5	This is the life.  An oasis of sanity and elegance in Sin City.  Sitting by the pool here is an amazing experience and the concierge can get you on the list just about anywhere.
5	For me, this is the way to go in Vegas.  I am a non-smoking, non-gambling, non-drinking kind of girl.  Why , you say, would I go to Vegas??  Well, inevitably, I have to go for a trade show or something businessy at least once a year.  The Four Seasons is it!  Clean, gorgeous rooms with no smoke smell.  A great pool that doesn't resemble a cement jungle, great food from Verandah and a decent spa.  We had some of the best massages we have ever had.  A few years ago, Micheal Jackson was staying on our floor.  Cool!
5	Amazing! We actually got married here and has 100 of our closes family and friends with us. Can't say enough about the staff, the food and the suite we had!Our Wedding was amazing at the fountains!Thanks to Amanda, our wedding cordinator! amazing!
5	This is THE place to stay in Las Vegas. Amazing service, beautiful amenities, the entire hotel is non-smoking, beautiful private pool, and no casino! The Four Seasons is the perfect oasis...you can go out and experience all that Las Vegas has to offer, then come back to the serenity of this hotel. I wouldn't stay anywhere else on the strip!
5	staying here you would never know you were in vegas!  Thanks to my frined F...who hooked me up..I got to stay in the lap of luxury.  ONly downside, it is hard to get a taxi there....epsecially if you are running late to work.Seriously, the business center will fax, copy, anything you need for now charge.....never happens!
5	This place is just classy. Even if you're in Vegas, you don't have to feel like you're in Vegas if you're staying at the Four Seasons. The staff is fantastic, the whole hotel is well maintained and their additional services are top notch (if not a bit expensive). Certainly worth a stay if you can fork over the cash.
5	I got married here not too long ago.  Everything was perfect.  The service, food (oohhh the food) and our wedding coordinator, Dennis, was the best we could ask for.  Sure did cost a pretty penny but I have no regrets whatsoever.You know how some wedding couples are too busy to eat during the reception?  We were one of them SO the staff  cooked our main wedding entree (a trio of filet, lamb and tiger prawns) again the next day and brought it up to our suite free of charge!!  First class through and through. Amazing stuff.
4	immediate privacy on entering the hotel: the lobby is all its own (no smushing through a casino--no casino at all), quiet elevator to your floor, (one of only four).  No waiting in cab lines when you want to go throw your money in the air and feel like an ass. The Four Seasons views are great--it composes to the top few floors of Mandalay. Bathrooms are the best, all gold and elegant.    Super long hallways, and the hotel's in an X shape, so if you stand at one end and have your friend stand at the center of the X and take a picture of you, it looks like "The Shining."  All work and no play....Spa is nice. The  women's locker room, steam rooms, great. Ps: Room 38101--excellent king suite! Two bathrooms, big big tub, office area, living room, huge bedroom, dressing area with two massive closets.
5	I would rank this hotel a 4.5.When you drive up, you almost forget that you are in vegas since the hotel entrance is completely hidden from the strip.  You are immediately greeted by a well dressed individual and the hotels screams full service.  There is a person to take your car, person for your bags, a person to open the door, a person to push the elevator button... you get the point.  The room was huge and the bathroom was really nicely laid out.  BUT, I have two words that made my day... L'Occitane products.   I love L'Occitane products and yeah I brought the half used products home... Like I said I LOVE free stuff.The only reason I would rank it a 4.5 instead of a full 5 is that they charge $19 a night for parking.  What hotel in Las Vegas charges for parking?
5	This hotel should be marketed on Dogster.I saw a half a dozen dogs within a 12 hour period.  No, it wasn't women with dogs in purse-bags, it was dudes with small dogs.  LOBBY sign shoud read, "Hetero dudes with small dogs walking".www.duck9.com/baxter
5	This is my favorite hotel in Las Vegas.  The pool is a great respite from the rest of the city and the service is impeccable (although seemed to be a lot of families so maybe not the best place for a bachelor party).  The gym is also my favorite in the country - incredibly clean and great beverage selection.  Plus the dont charge you for it which is rare in Vegas.  Rooms are standard Four Seasons luxury.  Conceirge also very friendly and helpful.  I would go for either a party weekend or a relaxing weekend.  The only thing though is that the pizza on the room service menu is not good so be wary of ordering it.  Brunch poolside and at the restaurant- both great.  Writing this makes me want to go back right now.
4	We had an overall great experience here.  The service is impeccable, and the rooms were up to the Four Seasons standards - (make sure to request a strip view, we did not and we looked out onto the runway of the airport).  The only cons were the location (i wish this hotel wasn't so far south) and we did encounter a rude staff member by the pool.  We went down to the pool at 9am and spotted 2 empty chairs, after 30 minutes a staff member came over and wanted to know what room # we were in and who sat us in the chairs.  Apparently you have to be seated by the staff (who knew?)...we got up and then had to sit in a shaded area since they claimed that all the sun seats were taken.  I would have put up a fight but we were leaving that afternoon anyways....overall a great experience.
5	Yowza this place is pricey.  Even with the group rate thanks to a wedding, we still paid $700 for 2 nights.  I didn't even know there was a Four Seasons in Vegas until late last year when I got the wedding invitations.  It occupies the top 4 floors of Mandalay Bay.  The funny thing is that the conference and ballrooms for it are on the ground floors adjacent to the Mandalay Bay ones.  And they even have their own spa separate from Mandalay Bay's on the same ground floors.Service: Check-in was a breeze.  We had a pregnant woman helping us and she was all smiles and even walked us halfway to the elevators.  The Girl forgot her toothbrush and toothpaste, so we called up for some and it came in less than 10 minutes.  We ordered more the next day and they gave us 2 sets.  Room service was great and they politely set up everything for us on the table in the room.  Wake up service allowed for a first AND second call.  Awesome. [5/5]Price: Like I said, expensive as heck, but the service was impeccable. [4/5]Room:  The room was spotless and well-lit but not terribly big.  It was big enough ... about as big as theHotel without the dividing wall but not as big as Venetian.  the LCD TV was great although rarely used.  The bed was firm and one of the better ones I've slept on in Vegas.  The bathroom was very similar to the Venetians and had two sinks.  [5/5]View:  We were on the 35th floor.  Unfortunately we weren't facing the strip but the view was still decent since Vegas has spread out considerably.  Still, a view of the Strip would have been killer.  [4/5]Spa: The Girl went to the spa and she seemed to really enjoy it.  [5/5]Food: We had room service twice and the food was actually really good.  What I'm really basing this on was the wedding reception.  The food was excellent and the overall experience was great.  We had raw oysters for starters and the bar was fantastic.  They had an ice sculpture where if you ordered a martini, they'd cool it by pouring the liquor into a well at the top and it would pour through a hole all the way to the bottom.The seafood and filet mignon were very very good.  The sorbet was awesome: it lay on a heart-shaped dish made of ice with a slot underneath where a red glowstick was placed so the entire dish glowed red.  Cool idea.  To top off the night, there were even freshly made mini-donuts from a donut machine in the corner!Overall the experience was great.  Yes it was pricey but it was great going to this place and being pampered and just being able to enjoy the weekend celebration.  Most people thought it was too expensive but I figure you only live once, this is the best time to go since there IS a discount so why the heck not?
4	I like the Four Seasons, but it suffers from one big problem -- too noisy!! The nearby airport is a huge problem if you are on the wrong side of the building... hope you like airplane noise! The walls are also thin, and you may find yourself calling Security at 4am.However, if you get lucky and get a quiet room, its a great hotel. The pool is the best in Vegas -- quiet and secluded, a great place for a light lunch or breakfast. Nice lounge downstairs too.
3	I have stayed here 2 times.  I am completely in love with the Four Seasons brand hotels.  Unfortunately, for this location, they are connected to the Mandalay Bay.  And MB SUCKS horribly!  I have never had a pleasant experience at MB or THEHotel.  If you stay at the FS, you use the same facilities at guests at the MB.  Namely the pool.  So, 3 stars is all they get....
5	Quiet and elegant. This is my favorite hotel in all of Las Vegas. The whole property will make you feel like you are NOT in Vegas. No cheesy entrances or decor. All of the standard amenities you expect for a Four Seasons property. Better actually in recent memory. Concierge was more than helpful. Kept offering more extremely useful information about a restaurant I was about to try and find on the road.For those of you who are not familiar, the Four Seasons Las Vegas is located in the same building as the Mandalay Bay Hotel & Casino. The rooms however, are located on the top 4  floors of the building for the maximum view. Don't worry about any confusion about locating the hotel though, It has its own seperate entrance which all cab and limo drivers know about, as well as its own lobby and its own restaurants. Don't miss Charlie Palmer's Steak House if your staying there. As good or even better than most in Vegas and its located on site.The only thing it does share with Mandalay is the pool.
5	bookmarked and will revisited within 1 week. i was invited her for my cousin's wedding next week. from the pictures that i saw and her review of the place, it seems to be one of the top hotels for wedding when compared to other hotels. hopefully it is just as good as i hear.
4	Four Season hotel, hmm... 4 stars. ironic ain't it? so, as stated in the previous intro review, i was a guest of a wedding party that was held in Four Season hotel. I didn't know much about this place. My mother told me prior that this wedding should have cost a lot of money and that the place should be very luxurious. she also told me that a lot of future brides would wish or love to come to this place as a spot for there wedding banquet and ceremony. Anyways, as you know, after hearing all this stuff, you personally would set a high standard for this place. I've never been to a formal wedding before so this is my first one. I imagine a chapel or something and a  huge spacious place for the red carpet. honestly i really didn't know what to expect from this place other then perfection or high quality service. Our wedding was set for 5:30 but it didn't take place for a little afterward because of the guest being a little late. The actual ceremony only took place for a short 10 mins. The location of the place was on a balcony that was pretty small. it looked like it was 2x bigger then my second floor deck back @ home. the place held 50 guest a small stage and some stuff. The view of the place wasn't extraordinary since the background was just the hotel complex and lots of tropical trees. one thing that i remembered the most from this event was the sunset. from that balcony place, we saw an awesome view of the sunset and it was perfect for pictures. The service was pretty high up. The waitors served the snacks during the cocktail gathering. horrible location though. i didn't like the location of the gathering @ all. it felt like they just closed off a hallway between two different sides of the building for this event to take place. i'm not too sure if that's what it was suppose to be, but personally i didn't like the locatino very much. Dinner party: Food was served a bit slow. Maybe i'm used to chinese restaurant, but it may be just  right. the food didn't all come at once. i felt it needed 2 extra waitors per table. they needed one group to remove the previous plates of appetizers, soup, entress. Then they need a second group to do the serving right after. the soup wasn't hot, but warm @ best. The main  course wasn't hot, but also warm @ best. maybe because of the lack of servers caused the food to be sitting in the open space. Our table never got across to the ice cream that some tables got. i'm not too sure why. also we asked for hot water, it took a bit long for them to get it over to us. Security also lacked a bit. We had a performance by a hired personnel and hotel guest / + a few other people were able to get into our banquet room to watch. i thuoght that was a bit awkward. btw, quick addition to the service. i asked a hotel personnel who organized or was in charge for an envelope. she said she'll find one and walked out for a few minutes and came back later saying she'll be right back. i thought she forgot or soemthing, but she managed to pick up an envelope and looked for me in the area. that service was pretty awesome. Location - 4 starsService by hotel personnel - 5 stars Service by waitors - 3 starsSecurity - 3.5 starsOverall - 4 starsThere a lot of other stuff that factors into this wedding which made me feel that overall rating is 4 stars. i'm not too sure what to expect, but heck, i thought it was worth the trip and plus it was ncie to have a family gathering. if the hotel touched up on some of the picky stuff i noted then i would give it 5. i sure hope everything was up to standard when the husband and wife look back 10 years later
5	My favorite place for afternoon tea.  A great place to get away from all the hustle and bustle of Las Vegas.  A very quiet and seclude area where one can sit for hours on end.  Bring some company or go there with a good book, either way you won't be disappointed.The service is outstanding - our waitress went to extra lengths to get us extra jam and scones and always made sure we had enough hot water.  The tea snacks are some of the best I have ever had - make sure you make reservations as all the snacks are made that day and just enough for those that reserved.  Well worth your money and time.
5	So very nice. Service was exceptional. They really do make everything just so easy. Loved the treats for the 2 yr old boy.  Everything he could possibly need...amazing. (Crib, toys, diapers, wipes, bath gel, shampoo, lotion, baby powder, plate of cookies & treats upon arrival). The staff was professional and didn't miss a beat. Poolside breakfast service was just great. Loved the scent in the gorgeous lobby.....so very relaxing. The bed was over the top comfy.  Awesome stay for the whole family.
5	This is probably one of my favorite hotels in the world. Sunday brunch is an experience, with homemade doughnuts and delicious scones. The pool is beautiful and the gym is very good quality. The rooms are typical of the Four Seasons: great bed, plasma tv, nice view. I tend to view Vegas as the cheesiest, sleaziest place on earth, but the Four Seasons is a class act.
5	Have stayed at all of the nice hotels in Vegas and decided to try this place out on the great reviews it has.  This is not a typical Vegas hotel and from the moment we arrived, we were treated like royalty.  The place was not busy at all and it was so good to come back from the casinos with all the smoke smells and noise and enter a whole different world.  We had booked the stay three nights, get the third free and just had choose the least expensive room.  When we checked in I asked if they had any upgrades available  and for 150.00 a night was upgraded to one of their one bedroom suites with a view of the Vegas strip!  If we would of booked this room from the beginning, we would of payed over 500 hundred dollars more so I was quite happy..  The room was approximately 1,000 sq, feet and was so quiet and cozy.  I have been spoiled forever by staying here..
4	I stayed here some time ago with one of my sisters and had a memorable stay. As everyone mentions, the service is the big draw here. The Four Seasons staff give new meaning to the word ''service.''They are ever - helpful and friendly but discreet and unobtrusive at the same time. Anticipate your needs and meet them right away, and every guest is treated wonderfully, like a VIP even if you're really Joe sixpack, no snottiness or attitude ever. It sounds corny and ''so what'' but being treated like you are something special is pretty irresistable, even if you consciously know they are doing it because it's their job and their stock in trade, it is lovely to be on the receiving end. As previously stated too, the rooms are nice, but again variations on a theme (upscale hotel). Housekeeping was impeccable, unlike some other also high end hotels I've been to. Not a crumb, smudge or whiff of anything objectionable, ever. The location is at the end of the strip, it is quiet and fragrant, and no scent of smoke anywhere in the hotel (which is within Mandalay). Location can be a down side if you are doing lots of things on the strip, but perfect if you want to avoid the ''Strip'' extremeness. Also the wonderful Mandalay restaurants are right there too, another big draw. If you need to be in Vegas but hate Vegas, and have a budget for it (or are on someone else's dime), this is the place to be, especialy in nice weather when the wonderful Mandalay pool complex (with beach and rivers etc), is open and as a Four Seasons guest you can use too (along with the dedicated Four Seasons guest only pool/spa area).
4	I think I have found Paradise.......I'd be able to stay in sin city more than 3 days at a time.Relaxing, warm, friendly, quite, service is amazing!
5	The Four Seasons is always a great experience. The service is top notch. I stayed here for business - got in a day early. I spent some quality time by the pool. Would you like your lounge made up for you? Yes, please. Would you like some chilled fruit to cool you down? Yes, please. Would you like to be spritzed with Evian while you bask in the sun? Yes, please! Seriously, that is how I was treated at the Four Seasons. They are very accomodating to their guest. Nice hotel, great staff and relatively close to the nightlife...also connected to Mandalay Bay. If you have the chance to stay here - do it!
4	The Four Seasons is a great place to stay - as usual. Their level of service and class is top notch. I've always had a good experience staying here and I like the fact that they have a separate entrance from the Mandalay Bay. It's more private. The only thing I don't like is that it's far from the central parts of the strip but other than that, I love that it's connected to the Mandalay Bay and the Convention Center. It's convenient, especially for business trips.
5	One of the best places to stay in Las Vegas.Taking up the top floors of Mandalay Bay, with it's own seperate entrance, the Four Seasons Hotel in Las Vegas refreshingly has no casino floor to walk through - which makes any stay more than 2 nights in Las Vegas bearable. The service is spectacular - from the concierge who can get you just about anything (and I've tested him on that), through to the poolside Evian water spritz to cool you down. While on the topic of the pool, which is private and separate from any Mandalay crowds - I'm not usually a fan of just relaxing by the pool, but the high end guests and super attentive service makes it for a great day of relaxation amongst the chaos of Sin City. Poolside, order the frozen grapes...and if you're lucky, you might even get them fed to you while your sunglasses are cleaned and put back on your face.The rooms are very nice, every room has a great view. The bathrooms have a glass enclosed shower and a separate tub - sweet.On one of my extended stays at the Four Seasons in Las Vegas, they let me park my rented Harley right up front with the AMG's and Lamborghini's - and remembered my first and last name every time that I came down and jumped on it. The valet even filled my backpack up with frozen bottled water when he learned that I was heading out into the desert for an all-day ride.It doesn't get much better than this. (Well, maybe at "The Hotel" next door, but that's debatable)
5	The Four Seasons is without a doubt one of the best places to stay in Las Vegas.A hotel within a hotel, the Four Seasons is located in the Mandalay Bay tower occupying the upper floors of the building. It has its own distinct entrance and no casino floor to walk through - a breath of fresh air (literally!) which makes any stay in Las Vegas so worthwhile. If you were teleported into the lobby, you really wouldn't know you were in Vegas.As you would expect, the service is outstanding - from the moment you arrive at the entrance the friendly staff provide spectacular service. The front desk and concierge, through to the poolside water spritz to cool you down, to the spa services, to room service - it is all magnificent. The pool is private and separated from any Mandalay Bay pools and associated crowds. The super attentive service and atmosphere make for a relaxing day away from the chaos. And yes, you can still get to the Mandalay pools if you want some of that action. Of course, the rooms are terrific. And yet, the Mandalay casino is readily accessible via a non-descript set of double doors. And when leaving the oasis that is the Four Seasons, you can't help but immediately note the contrasts: funky air quality, the incessant jingle of the slot machines, and the crowds of tourists roaming the casino floor.
5	If you are going to stay in Vegas, Do it in style! Stay at the Four seasons!This is one of my top five Favorite Hotels.The Suites are luxurious and the service is impeccable.A few examples:The concierge arranged for an in room manicure for me within a half an hour of my request.The bell hop brought a doggie bed, food, bottled water, toys and snacks for our puppy. ( yes, that's right they allow pets!)The housekeeping staff kept the room immaculate and we were always stocked with fresh towels and toiletries. ( And during our turn down service they left Godiva chocolates in our room.)and of course, lets not forget room service: The food is divine! The Steak was succulent and cooked to perfection. I still have cravings! The service is unbelievably fast. We orders three drinks and they where mixed and in our room in less than 15 mins.The spa offers the most amazing and relaxing massages, all of the ladies are so skilled and friendly. I kept adding service after service because I was having such a great time!This is the Number one place to stay in vegas if you want to be treated  like the VIP you are.
1	Corporate customers beware!Catering manager was extremely rude and did not live up to what was promised for the event.  Convention room was dirty and once we got on the bad side of the catering manager, all staff was very rude and unhelpful.  With so many hotels in Vegas, take your business elsewhere!
5	Wow!!!   This is a true oasis in the most frenetic city in America.   After a mistake at the Monte carlo, we ended up here for our anniversary and loved every moment.    The four seasons is a quiet and relaxing experience, but just a single door separates you from all the excitement of the Mandalay Bay casino.    The room:   They upgraded us to a room with a strip view and what a view it was.   The four seasons is located on the top 5 floors of the Mandalay Bay which sits on the end of the strip, so we had an unobstructed view of the whole strip, all the way down to the Trump Hotel.  The bed was comfy and we could enjoy the view from the bed.   The room itself was nice but not as opulent as some vegas rooms.   The bathroom was big and had a separate tub and the water pressure in the shower seemed limitless.The Pool:  Again, not as opulent as some of the bigger places, but you do have access to the Mandalay pools (wave pool, lazy river etc.) if that is what you're looking for.   The Four Seasons pool is small and relatively quiet with mostly adults which IMO is PERFECT for relaxing and getting some sun.  The staff is amazing, they set you up with really comfortable chairs and a pitcher of Ice water which they keep full and ice cold.  They come around to clean your sun glasses, spray you down with cooling mist, pass around frozen fruit and keep you liquored up... if that's your style.  The drinks were amazing, fresh blueberry mojito's.Room Service:   We had some oysters sent up on our first night and they were some of the best we've ever had, and we eat oysters regularly in San Francisco.   We also had a delicious breakfast one morning which included a basket of fresh baked pastries. The Staff:  This is always what sets Four Season hotels apart from the rest.  The service was amazing.  Every member of the staff is friendly and ultra accommodating.    An hour after checking in they sent us an anniversary cake, and the next day they sent us chocolate covered strawberries.   All the little extras at the pool really add to the resort style vacation experience.  The have a house car that will drive you to local destinations. For an intimate couples trip to Vegas, I can't reccommend the Four Seasons enough.
5	I stayed here during a work trip and it was amazing.The Four Seasons is always a great experience. The service is top notch. The first day I spent some quality time by the pool. The hotel is connected to the Mandalay Bay.
4	Calm and quiet in Las Vegas?  Yes, actually.  This property does not have any gaming.The Four Seasons in Las Vegas is not what you would expect.  It is a little sanctuary tucked in the middle of a large property, the Mandalay Bay.  Would you know it was in the Mandalay Bay if I hadn't just told you...absolutely not.First of all, the Four Seasons has its own entrance and staff, completely separated from the Mandalay property.  You drive in through a secluded entrance, the staff greets you and you are whisked away to private rooms for check-in.  The process is very efficient and the staff goes above and beyond. If you have stayed at a Four Seasons before, you will expect this level of service.  Tip your valet well and make a friend.  You never know when that might come in handy (nudge nudge).The rooms are fantastic.  The hotel check-in occurs on ground level, but the rooms and suites are all located on the top floors of the Mandalay Bay structure.  Again, separate everything including elevator banks.  The only way you will know the Mandalay is there is if you travel through the sound-proof door that separates the two properties in the lobby.  Coming back requires a key, so you do not get lost hotel guests from next door wandering around.My suite had a living room, powder bath, a lovely bedroom, and a huge master bath with soaking tub and steam shower.  Every detail was considered and the style is a good blend of modern and traditional.  Think lovely styling with an emphasis on comfort.  I wanted to pack the bedding and take it with me.The hotel has nice amenities including a private pool, gym, and other stuff.  Sadly, I didn't spend much time on property other than the time spent in my room.  I will go back and will write in more detail about the amenities.  I can tell you that the room service is fantastic!This is definitely one of my top choices for Vegas accommodations if price is not a factor.  However, for the price, you really should consider the Skylofts.  They are similar in some ways, but they are also quite different.  For me, the Skylofts is a place to party AND relax.  The Four Seasons is relaxation only.
5	Wow, this place is quiet! It took me a while to get used to it at first since I'm so used to the noise in Vegas. I love that it is tucked away on top of Mandalay Bay since I like Mandalay Bay as well. The service was amazing. It was my birthday week over 4th of July weekend and they brought a complimentary cake that said Happy Birthday on it to my room. They had turn down service also which was cute. The SPA and workout facility is absolutely amazing; large, clean and peaceful. The pool was also nice, you are constantly brought ice lemon water and even offered complimentary popsicles. We had a view of the airport and the strip which was nice. I saw other guests with their dogs so the next time I come, I would think about bringing my little dog too. Also, their restaurant, The Verandah was excellent and I would eat there again also.
5	Palatial!  They were oversold when we arrived, and bumped us into a perfectly nice room in a nearby hotel (actually, the Mandalay Bay, which bizarrely is in the same building) ... and then the next night, instead of moving us into the room we'd reserved, they moved us into a room about the size of our house (http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G2u_5-vp1ZM) ... but they only charged us the rate we originally signed up for (which happened to be a three-nights-for-the-price-of-two deal).  And then they gave us that first night free.  We wound up paying for _one_ night.Works for me.
5	My experience there was Top Notch and A rate.  Service and pampering was overwhelming.  Arrived early and left my bags at the front then chilled by the pool on my laptop doing quotes for most of my first day there!  Finally broke free late in the afternoon to enjoy my vacation.  Nothing like a free stay with dinners and cocktails charged to the room.  I will stay there again but next trip planning on a suite at the Wynn with the private massage table room and view of the strip at night.
4	My gf and I had the privilege of again staying here for her annual company trip to Vegas. We love it here! If you're looking for peace and quiet but the convenience of the strip, stay here. Yes, it's high end, but it's super calm and serene in the room.What I loved: the staff at check-in was extremely courteous and helpful; the pools are exquisite and pretty much suit any type of pool person(private pool, lazy river, wave pool); rooms and bathrooms are huge(bed is heavenly-like); loved the evening turn-down service. There's something about water on the nightstand and the tv playing relaxing music that just erases the trouble away.My only negatives: it takes a while to get used to the signage and secret doors that lead from the 4 Seasons to the Mandalay Bay Casino. Also, $20 for an inner tube is a bit steep. You do get the best of both worls when you're at a hotel like the 4-Seasons, as you get the privacy especially if you wanna be with your special someone, yet still have the access of the casino and nearby casinos, clubs, etc. And surprisingly, I didn't have to Febreeze my clothes that much after returning.
5	I love this place.  Definitely my favorite hotel.  Some people might not like the fact that they don't have a casino, but they are connected to the Manadalay Bay by a door, literally.  This place is quiet and private if you want to just chill or recuperate.  The service is excellent, and the rooms are very comfortable.  The Verandah restaurant has a nice breakfast buffet on Saturday's, but my favorite thing there is the louis salad, and I get them to sub rock shrimp for the crab.  The absolute bomb.
5	coming from a family who loves their dog too much to make him stay at home, we stay here at the four seasons on our family trips to vegas :] since this is the ONLY hotel on the strip that will allow dogs our vegas trips have become quite the expense, but the service is definitely worth every penny. first off, id like to say that their accommodations for man's best friend are out of this world. the room is equipped with a doggie bowl, doggie bed & special gourmet treats. once in a while, room service would come to the room just to supply more fresh bottled water for our little yorkie :] talk about spoiled. concierge was also able to find us a dog sitter while we were out (because you cant leave dogs unattended in the room). the staff is always great-- nothing but smiling faces, handing you bottled water at every chance they get and always wishing you a great day. definitely no complaints here, ive always felt VIP every time ive set foot on the hotel property.the rooms are pretty clean-- everything is nice and tidy, the rooms dont smell like smoke and the carpets are free of stains. the last couple of times we actually upgraded to a suite, in which it was nice and spacious! definitely worth the extra dough.the pool is THE best-- nothing is more relaxing poolside in the middle of summer, than to have someone ask you if you would like an evian spray? say what?! talk about treated like royalty! nice sized pool, tons of chairs and its quite private-- since its only for guests of the four seasons, NOT available to mandalay bay guests. sweeet!oh yeah, room service! all i can say is YUM! & can only hope that you have room for homemade sorbet-- delish :]what more can i say? the four seasons is great! its nice to know that hotels are still living up to their reputations! i definitely would recommend staying here if you are thinking of traveling with pets!
5	Peaceful quiet retreat in Las Vegas. The restaurant by the pool was delicious. Felt like we were in Hawaii.
5	Attention my Yelp followers and friends, I have found nirvana! Well at least in terms of hotels in Las Vegas. The Four Seasons LV is quite possibly the closest thing to my version of heaven.From the moment you enter the lobby doors, you know you are about to experience true luxury. Fresh flowers are in every corner, beautiful furniture and tile adorn the registration area, the place smells amazing, they call me Miss C., they hand you ice cold bottled water after you have endured the 103 degree weather outside...they treat you like royalty.Then you get to your room...The lights are dimmed, the bed has been turned down, the curtains are drawn to allow a glimpse of your 36th floor view of the strip, there are delicious truffles and sweets placed next to the bed with another cold bottle of water, there are L'Occitane body products in the bathroom and the TV is set to a scene of a babbling brook to soothe your tired traveling soul. You feel relaxed, calm...even sexy if you will. The bed will be the most amazing thing you have ever slept in...literally to the point where you inquire where to buy one for your home.Once you get cleaned up and dressed for the night, all you need to do is have the door man hail you a taxi to your casino of choice, or simply enter the private door directly into the Mandalay Bay. Amazing restaurants, nightclubs and gambling are within walking distance, yet you still have the serenity of your private entrance back to your room.And that's not all...The Four Seasons offers a private pool with a gate to the wild and crazy Mandalay Bay Beach. Go get the party out of your system if you want, but I recommend sticking to their quieter option. Allow the cabana boys to prepare your chaise lounge with fresh towels and a pitcher of iced water with lemon. Need your sunglasses cleaned while you take a dip? They will take care of you. How about a chilled towel to cool off your face while they serve you complimentary frozen melon and spritz you with Evian.No joke my friends...it's worth every penny. I think I'm in love, if possible, with a hotel. Until I return, I will savor the memories of their terry cloth robes and get a brief fix from the toiletries I took from the maid cart.
5	I recently enjoyed a wonderful and relaxing stay at the Four Seasons Hotel Las Vegas. During my previous trip to Vegas, I stayed at the adjacent Mandalay Bay hotel and expected the two properties to be more-or-less the same. While I enjoyed the Mandalay, I LOVED the Four Seasons. Even before I arrived, I emailed the concierge to see if he could secure dinner reservations for us at the Foundation Room - an exclusive members-only club at the top of the Mandalay Bay. I'm not a member, so I wasn't optimistic. However, I soon received an email confirmation saying it had been arranged! From the moment you pull into the driveway, the staff is incredibly attentive. They escort you to the registration desk where you are immediately made to feel like royalty. The other reviewers have nailed it with terms like magical, oasis, luxury... even the simple act of retrieving your car from the valet yields a pleasant surprise - two bottles of chilled water were placed in the cup holders waiting for us! On our last day, I called down to the concierge to see if they would print our boarding passes. They made a point of logging into the airline site the minute I was eligible to login and they scored two slots early in the boarding order for us - that's a big deal if you are flying Southwest! Of course, the room we were assigned was impeccable and spacious. We were offered an upgrade with a view of the strip, but opted to keep our original room with a panoramic view of the desert and mountains.
4	I like how quiet it was than the other hotels on the strip, not crowded with tourists in the lobby.The Spa was all Zen with Valmont products.I was not so crazy about their breakfast. I didn't like what I ordered, it looked too bad(for me), even worth taking a photo to memorize it, haha. The bacon was too much overdone.
5	I think I died. I think I died and went to heaven. Heaven is an interesting place, It looks like a wonderful hotel with gorgeous decor and impeccable cleanliness. When I first got to heaven, I couldn't believe how elegant it was. I am not sure I saw roads made of gold, but I did see a highly luxurious pool and restaurants. When I arrived at the front gate, I was greeted by a heaven angel, who  welcomed me to The Four Seasons Hotel. I was confused at first, but later I realized that the angels call their home "Four Seasons Hotel". Moments later, the angel guided me to a section of heaven called Verandah. When I arrived at Verandah, I was greeted by another angel. She asked my name and later said she was expecting me . I checked my watch and it was 3:15pm. Verandah looked like a supremely sumptuous restaurant. The atmosphere of this place was overpowering. I felt like I was inside a modern arts museums. The angel guided me to my table, which was meticulously setup just for me. All utensils, plates, napkins and table setting had been carefully setup by a heaven technician. As I sat down, the angel gave me a menu. Based on the menu, I concluded that heaven residents drink a lot of tea and eat a lot of sandwiches. I quickly ordered a heaven combo: the afternoon tea with Earl Gray and assorted desserts and sandwiches. I waited patiently for my tea to arrive... and I didn't mind waiting at all because I was too busy enjoying the classical music playing in the background and admiring the restaurant's decor. To my right, I also had a view to the heavenly pools. When the angel came back, I noticed that she brought with her a golden three level tower which carried my sandwiches and deserts. That's when I realized that the bible was wrong all this time. There are no streets of gold!! There are food towers made of gold. In heaven, everything tastes excellent! The tea was extremely delicious. It's aroma was so intense and powerful, that I had to recompose myself for a moment. The scones and sandwiches followed suit. As I savored my scone topped with cream and jam, I heard the cherubims sing to me in ecstasy. I happen to also notice that in heaven, the angels really care about you. They keep coming around to ensure you're happy and often ask if you need anything else. After I was done drinking my tea and eating my food, the strangest thing happened: The angel came to my table and left a piece of paper inside a leather cover. The paper had a description of what I had eaten and a total price at the bottom. I guess that's when I woke up and realized that I was in heaven no more.
5	As poor college students, this was a huge splurge for my birthday, but wow. Others have said everything that needs to be said about the service. I hope to prove you don't need to be stinking rich in order to appreciate Four Seasons. Check out their internet specials for rates under four figures a weekend.We arrived early in the morning in my boyfriend's beat up '89 Caddy, but from the way the valets treated us, we could have been driving a Maserati. Even though we were early, check-in said our room was ready. Immediately. As in, we didn't have to wait upwards of an hour as has been my experience at every other Sin City hotel. I said it was my birthday and asked if there were any upgrades available, and we were told we'd have to wait until after normal check-in hours to find out. That was fine with us, so they held onto our luggage and we spent a few hours at the outlets.We received a call to say our room was ready, and returned to the hotel. We ended up on the highest floor with the most spectacular view of Las Vegas I could have imagined. The room was a good size, very tastefully decorated, and the bed outrageously comfortable. The bathroom was huge, with a separate shower and bath, and the toilet in its own room. Also, as others have said, it is super quiet.After taking a million photos of the view, we showered and went down to the pool. The Four Seasons has its own, but as a guest you also get access to those of Mandalay Bay, which has a wave pool and lazy river. We did go to the latter for a couple of hours, but the novelty wore off very quickly. The waves in the wave pool were infrequent, and the lifeguards won't let you into most of the deep end, that is, half the pool. The lazy river is cool for about three or four laps, but at lot less than that if you don't have some sort of floatation device. We bought ours from the supermarket before we left for about $20 total, which included the pump, which was still less than renting two tubes. We bumped into so many people without tubes, but I could hardly feel bad, since the lazy river doesn't give you a whole lot of control. Short story, we ended up spending a lot more time at the Four Seasons pool, where they bring you fresh towels and ice water on arrival and frozen fruit kebabs while you lounge in chairs that are always available. The cocktails at the poolside bar were pretty standard but outrageously expensive, so we only had a couple.Oh, the pool area stays open at night, and we sneaked down one evening to take advantage of the jacuzzi tubs. Not wanting to get kicked out of the Four Seasons (and possibly arrested), we kept it clean. Honest.We were out most of the day, but at night we arrived to a tidied room and a small birthday cake for yours truly.Can we say, best birthday ever? Oh my yes.
5	A three-day holiday stay at the Four Seasons was thoroughly enjoyed.  As much as people have said it, it must be said again that the peaceful atmosphere and polished service put the location far ahead of any casino hotel, even the highest-end of them ... with the direct access to Mandalay Bay giving you the best of all worlds.  While you are at the south end of the Strip, that it is really a minor problem at most.  The center Strip is easy walking distance and frankly you are going to need some fresh air and exercise.The rooms are huge and elegantly appointed and well-serviced.  Front desk staff efficient, although we did not enjoy the early check in that other people have reported.  (We arrived around 2 p.m. and waited for well over an hour to get our room.)  We were, on the other hand, comped a 2:30 p.m. check-out.Rack rates are typically high but there are plenty of promotions, as far as I can tell, so the value proposition can be superior.The in-house facilities were typical Four Seasons excellence.   Big, exceptionally-well-equipped (for a hotel) gym; speedy, consistent, and not-exhoribantly-priced WiFi, free printing for boarding passes, widescreen LCD televisions with a decent range of channels.  Although the hotel does not have a "Kids for All Seasons" program, all the other child-friendly elements characteristics of the Four Seasons brand were represented.Room service was reliable.  The main "Verandah" restaurant does a very nice breakfast.  Can't comment upon Charlie Palmer Steak.
5	This is a Four Seasons in every way: nice room, superior service etc.  Whilst the rooms don't have the extreme luxury such as flat screen in bath room or darkening shades, they offer killer views of the Strip (ensure to ask for a room with Strip view..).  In addition to the views, this hotel undeniably has the best breakfast in LA.
4	There are several 5 star resorts on the Strip to choose from, but Four Seasons is the only one that truly makes you feel you are away from the hubbub. From the moment you drive up to their shady port a cochere, you are transported--though their rooms are part of the Mandalay Bay tower (6 floors in the 30s), you enter from separate elevators, and have to walk down a connecting hallway even on the casino level. Rooms are classically elegant, smart but not stuffy, with large LG flatscreen TV, DVD player, incredibly sumptuous bedding (buttery sheets), thick towels, L'occitane amenities in the bath (separate glass shower & tub, private toilet, two sinks, makeup mirror), coffee maker... 5 star turndown service (but no chocolates!), two closets. Ipod stereo. Complimentary shoe shine service and newspapers. And a fantastic view straight up the strip. Airport noise is well muffled. Oddly, wifi is not complimentary... other than that, everything a hotel room should be.Like its host property, the Four Seasons spa is low key and intimate, but eternally elegant. Showers here are above-average. Exercise room isn't massive, but is positioned with an inspiring view of an outdoor waterfall.Though connected to Mandalay Bay's restaurants, Four Seasons also has its own excellent Verandah (recommended particularly for weekend brunch and afternoon tea) and somewhat uneven Charlie Palmer Steak. They also have a secluded pool area, and I believe the property is pet friendly!
5	Have you ever just wanted to stow-away in a closet at a hotel when it's check-out time and you hope the staff won't notice?That's how I felt at the Four Seasons in LV. & I've stayed at a number of 4seasons hotels from Bev Hills to Chicago to New York. & although I've never ever been disappointed in any of them, the LV locale was by far the best... hands down.There's only been one other place in my travels that I felt like kicking and crying like a lil girl with no Kool-Aid when it came time to leave-- and that was Capella Pedregal Resort in Cabo. Yummy -- but that's another story.Back to 4 Seasons LV. I got food poisoning at the airport. Chills, hot & cold, belly ache, the big D everything -- you know the drill. So we had to cancel both our dinner at Joel Robuchon & tix to "O" -- AND YES THE BELLAGIO ROCKED. They refunded the full cost $350 of our tix to "O". Whew!Well, you know that a place is WONDERFUL when you're that sick and you don't mind being there. I like to be at home in my own bed when I'm that sick, But being at the 4Seasons LV and being that ill  was a pleasure. The beds & sheets were soooo cozy and luxuious. The bathroom is big & divine. TV - every channel. Yes.+ with the private 4Seasons elevator -- you can enjoy losing and or drinking up all your money at Mandalay Bay casino and simply sail back up to your beautifully appointed quiet room without stopping on every floor like the people staying at the Bay.We got a great deal. In the off-season (no summertime or 3 day holiday weekends - cuz us Californians hop on the 15 fwy in a minute in droves headed out to Vegas when we get a spare day off) we paid $167 per night including taxes for a top floor room overlooking the Bay Beach + a $50 credit per day -- which we used for breakfast. Yaaaa. Love Love Love the Four Seasons LV,  I'd be willing to pay $400 a nite for this place. It makes me smile. For Real & I'm not a huge fan of Vegas (2 much going on -- I start to get sensory overload like I do sometimes in NYC) But 4Seasons LV calms me down. Hope this helps... M.
5	This is as good as it gets folksSerenity can be found in Las Vegas, and it's at the Four Seasons.  Secluded, quiet, elegant, the Four Seasons hotel and staff is by far the best I have come across while in Las Vegas....nobody even comes close!From the minute you drive up on Four Seasons Drive, you realize you have entered another world....it's as if the staff at Four Seasons represnets the cast of a Broadway Play, and they all await you, the star of the production!  Each encounter with the various departments makes you feel unique and priviledged to stay with such a property.You won't think twice about staying at another property after you have experienced the Four Seasons Las Vegas....it's somewhat magical.
4	Wonderful understated luxury.  I have stayed here multiple times.  They are the only other decent hotel in town that allows dogs (beside the Westin). I much prefer staying here in the summertime because the pool area is so nice and you can lounge all day under big umbrellas and get served nice drinks and food....very civalized.  I have stayed in a suite which I thought was done up to0 conservative for Vegas and this past time in a deluxe room which was immaculate and nice. The bath was beautiful and nice deep tub and a separate large walk-in shower and there was a proper water closet with phone.....very nice.  One of the cool things about staying here is that there is a small private like entry to the Mandalay casino and you feel like a total VIP coming in and out.  I would stay here again and again....but only because of my little dog.
4	it's the Four Seasons, you're pretty much guaranteed a good stay at any of them, but night after night of partying and overindulging, how nice is it to be greeted at the front door at 4 am with a "welcome home" and a smile?!  Effing awesome!  Plus the rooms are great, they have all the cool amenities (ipod dock, flat screen tvs, awesome mini bar selections, etc) and the beds are really comfy!  I loved staying here, I would highly recommend it!
5	If I had money, which I don't, and if I wanted to spend time in Las Vegas for something other than work, which I don't, there is no other place I would rather stay.  The Four Seasons occupies the top 5 floors of Mandalay Bay and has a separate entrance around back.  Probably the first thing you'll notice, and the primary reason I loved this place so much, is that there are no slot machines to be found in the Four Seasons.  Awesome.  For me, this hotel is almost perfect.  Beautifully appointed rooms, staff that treats you like a king, and most of all peace and quiet.Also while staying here, I had what was quite possibly the best meal I've ever experienced in a hotel restaurant.  It was something simple like a vegetable lasagna, but the taste was unlike anything I've had before or since.
4	I stayed here and it is ultra quiet. The rooms are all slightly different.  For example, one room may have a little awning over the bed or something. Also, the rooms are large and the bathrooms are ideal. You will get some nice slippers and bathrobes and lots of different soaps to try. Valet parking is easy and quick.  Stay here.  The private entrance from Mandalay bay is convenient as well.
5	Perfection personified in a hotel.This is the best place to stay in Vegas. It exudes elegance, class and sophistication.The hotel is located at the end of the strip and boasts a jaw dropping view of the strip at night. It's intentionally a little hard to find their exclusive driveway off the road. This is meant for those seeking a serene stay after a night of partying.The hotel is beautiful, with marvelous flower arrangements throughout. They're changed regularly and just spectacular. I would love to learn their florists name.Service is absolutely flawless. They're prompt, friendly, efficient and constantly striving to make you feel welcomed. Yet somehow they're not overbearing or pretentious. They've struck that perfect balance of warm and inviting.Their dining room is spectacular and in true Four Seasons spirit, the service is spectacular. Food is amazing. We stumbled in for breakfast after a night of drinking and were blown away. I love the healthy options and fresh squeezed oj is always a plus.The suites are just amazing. Beautifully decorated with soothing color palates, comfortable couches, large flat screen tvs, an ipod dock, enormous fluffy beds, beautiful bathrooms with soft towels and robes, large bathtubs for soaking your exhausted drunk self.Vegas is about overindulgence. If you're gonna do it, do it right. Stay at the Four Seasons and pamper yourself silly.
4	Nice hotel, the facilities are worth 5 stars, but the lack of their own amenities (multiple restaurants, casino) looses one point for me, even though they are in the same building as the Mandalay bay so I guess they share the attractions.....Having said that, i will most definately stay here again, it's pretty suite
5	Another excellent Four Seasons experience. Perfect for those who enjoy the action of Vegas, but appreciate a quieter place to rest and recharge for more fun. Rooms were standard issue FS - comfortable luxury, and the private elevator to the Mandalay Bay casino floor is a major bonus. Can't help but get a great view since all rooms are on the 35-39th floors. Separate pool, restaurant and spa gets you out of the overwhelming flow of the rest of the Mandalay complex which is teeming with people, and loads of children and young adults on their way to the wave pool. Service was very good, though not to the level of  some other FS hotels at which I've stayed (this is my 8th). Room service was prompt and delicious, and the concierge was able to land our preferred dinner reservation which was unavailable when we called ourselves. This is my new go-to hotel in Vegas.
5	Stayed at the Four Seasons Hotel and it was a wonderful experience for me and my GF.  It is a 5 star hotel and I can see why.  This hotel really goes by the "above and beyond" in customer service.The lobby was nicely decorated.  Well lit and clean.  I was offered a cold bottle of water for me and my GF when I arrived at the check-in counter.  We went through the normal check in process and check in person gave me a tour of the lobby and where the elevators are located.  The hotel lobby is located on the lower level of the Mandalay Bay, and they own a few top floors.  Went here for my anniversary with my GF and there were a chocolate moose cake and chocolate dipped strawberries waiting for us in our hotel room.  We were pleasantly surprised.  Very great attention to detail.  Also when the valet brings the car to you, they leave 2 bottles of cold water just in case you get thirsty.  Wow ... someone pick up my jaw from the floor please.Other than the top notch service, the bed was very comfortable.  I normally can not sleep well on hotel beds, but I could have slept through the entire day.  The pillows were good down and was perfect for me.  The room had a modern design to it.  Restrooms were huge with a deep tub (good for people that enjoy bubble baths).  We also had a 40 inch LCD tv in the room.  We had a view of the airport instead of the strip.  That was fine with me, I still enjoyed the stay.The stay here is a bit more expensive then the average hotel on the strip, but it was worth every penny.  A great place to stay for a special occasion or just a nice comfortable place to stay for a Vegas getaway trip.  Highly recommended.
5	Kid friendly, kid friendly, kid friendly.  The crib in our room was a high quality one and came with baby lotion and shampoo.  Our 3 y.o. daughter got her own little girls shampoo and lotion too.  It's these little things that add up to make it a great family experience.  We've been to many hotels that are pretty good in one aspect or another but the 4 Seasons seems to have a great grasp on customer service catered to the entire family.  The breakfast buffet made me gain a few pounds with a great selection of the finest ingredients.  I think I'll be staying here in Vegas from now on.
5	I love the suites here! They have a gorgeous view of The Strip! I stay here whenever we go to Vegas! The food is so great and the people are very accommodating, especially with my allergies. The pool gets really crowded during the day. My only complaint is that the people at the pool never help you get a chair - even if you wait 30 minutes as they say you'll have to. Either grab one for yourself or steal one early on!   Other than that, this is definitely one of my favorite Four Seasons Resorts!
5	What can you say that hasn't been said?  My wife wanted luxury and excitement for our 20th anniversary at a reasonable cost during this recession and picked the Four Seasons.  It is the little things that make a good marriage, and the same little pleasant surprises that make a great hotel.  Yes the rooms are great, the views spectacular and amenities very nice.  But what make this please 5 stars is...the hotel manager meeting you at check in and giving you his card...the check in gal giving you a stuffed animal for your 20th anniversary representing something from some movie (it's not my listening skills that got us to 20)...the cold cucumbers, cold towels, free popsicles and cold water at the pool...the concierge calling us to help with restaurant choices....the maintenance man that walked me 5 minutes to the secret door to Mandalay because I was lost.  Life is short, quality is expensive and it is the little things that make it worth living.
5	Its the Four Seasons. Need I say more? Immaculately clean, great service and great food. Done and done. Worth every penny.
4	Our stay worked out just as you would expect for the Four Seasons.And, just as with almost all four-star and up hotels, they change for wi-fi access. Because I'm _sure_ they are losing so much money on Internet service they just have to charge; or something.
5	This place is fantastic at the right price point. You can secure specials for $200 and at that price it is well worth it. As has been said here before this hotel operates on the top four floors of the Mandalay Bay. The pool is nice and I prefer the seclusion away from the madness of the wave pool at Mandalay Bay. What makes this place a potential good deal is the inclusion of the fitness center and use of the spa amenities. The gym is great and is included, with a great lounge in the locker room.The rooms are spacious, comfortable but nothing innovative or special. The rooms with the strip views are actually pretty impressive. The easy access to the Mandalay Bay casino is easy and I appreciate the non smoking. However I prefer being a little bit closer to the action on the strip and do get tired of the Mandalay Bay options. The service is generally superior but not as over the top as other reviews make it sound. like I said this place is great at the right price point.
5	I stayed in the Strip view wing of the hotel. Having just arrived from Europe, I was able to comfortably wake up for the magnificent sunrise every morning.I wish I could stay here whenever I had a jetlag!
5	The Four Seasons Las Vegas is an incredible hotel.  This hotel is elegance defined.  Nice quiet, non glitzy entrance and no walk through a smoky casino to get to your room.  The staff is incredible.The rooms are splendid.  Decor is tasteful and comfortable.  Bathrooms are incredibly luxurious.  My only complaint:  a Hamilton Beach iron doesn't cut it in this class hotel.  But then the hotel does supply spray starch!
5	The nicest hotel i've ever stayed at period.  I LOVED the fact that it has it's own express elevators and a non-casino entrance.  I don't like mingling with some of the vagrants in Vegas and this was a nice added feature.  Everyone that worked there was awesome.  The house Mercedes was a great touch.  The bed was probably the most comfortable thing i've ever slept in.  The private pool was awesome.  All in all a solid 5 star experience.
5	My husband and I wanted a wedding in Vegas, but not a Vegas wedding. We wanted something on the strip (so guests had access to all the fun of the strip!), but didn't want a wedding in a casino. Yup, it seemed like an impossible dream until we checked out the Four Seasons. We got married at the Fountain Terrace and continued pool side for a fun elegant reception. I wanted "fun food" (kobe sliders, mac and cheese, homemade chips with truffle oil, mini lobster thermidor, a donut machine, etc) and they really delivered! The setting was unique, the service was INCREDIBLE, and the food was delicious. Everything we ever dreamed of and more. If you're looking for a decidedly "un-Vegas" Vegas wedding, this place is by far the best. On a side note, the hotel is incredible as well. A couple next to me was checking in and mentioned they were from New Orleans. The lady at the front desk suggested they send up a free humidifier to make them feel more comfortable - I have yet to find service like this anywhere else ! It's connected to the Mandalay Bay so the action is just steps away, but the Four Seasons is an entire other world !
5	What's not to like?  Incredible attention to detail and very service oriented.  It's nice and quiet so if you have a family and money isn't an issue then it's amazing.  They have deals on their website too for upgrades or 3rd night free so definitely check that out before you book at the usual travel sites.
5	A five star hotel in every respect !!The Four Seasons Hotel never disappoints !
4	Located on the top few floors of the Mandalay Bay hotel, this is a typiical Four Seaons with high level service and high level prices. It's hard to justify staying here and the prices they charge given that so many other 5 star hotels can be had in Las Vegas with more modern facilities, better service, better food, more amenities and better prices.Nevertheless, this is a hotel that is definitely worth staying at. It has its own private pool away from the maddening overcrowdedness of the Mandalay Bay pool, but you can still access the massive MB pool with your room key.The rooms are showing their age with wear and tear that in most Four Seasons would require a remodel. I stayed in a fabulous Penthouse Suite with panoramic floor to ceiling windows, multiple rooms and kitchen, and the views were simply stunning. The fabrics on the furniture, the carpet and other aspects of the suite were clearly once quite nice, but as I said, showing their age.Service was great and overall a wonderful experience, just not as good as Wynn, Palazzo, Encore and the newer hotels.
5	Loved it! Loved it! Loved it!First time Four Seasoner and not the last for sure (if my pocket book allows at least)We went late in the summer season with my 3 year old, my spouse and my small dog.They made our daughter feel so welcome.  A stuffed animal to begin our stay, a delivered chocolate puzzle with chocolate candy, a robe of her own, and frankly, they made us feel like she was the guest of honor which made us feel great.We also traveled with our small dog.  They welcomed the dog as well.We got access to the Mandalay bay pools which included the wave pool and the the lazy river.  So much fun (though the wave pool does have a height requirement) but you get your own Four Season's pool which was frankly quieter and calmer and more relaxed.  The staff from the front door person, the check in, the housekeeping staff and the pool staff were absolutely the best!  Everything they did seemed genuine.  There was a life guard at the pool, I believe she was hispanic, that attended to the pool and was clearly multitasking.  But more than that, she was just plain nice and seemed attentive to who was in the pool rather than bothered as we've experience at other hotels.The service was so consistent and my daughter still talks about her "hotel".  She had a great time.  The fact that the four seasons is the top 5 or so floor above Mandalay Bay but had its own entrance with an unassuming access to Mandalay's casino made us feel like we in Vegas but at the same time not in Vegas.  We didn't eat at the Four Seasons.  We made the mistake of staying at Trump Hotel the last time we went and the whole time we kept saying to ourselves, why didn't we spend a bit more and stay at the Four Seasons.  Thank you so much Four Seasons for making our stay truly positive and making us feel like our daughter was center stage.
5	I went to the Four Seasons today to see their Christmas gingerbread house display.  I most likely will never stay here so I took the opportunity to check our Charlie Palmer's Steakhouse menu, the Verandah menu, and to take a tour of the pool area and the hotel lobby. Since it's not pool weather, there's no problem getting out to see the pool.The hotel is stunning.  You can see the attention to detail in almost everything they do.  I was not going the right way when I entered the hotel from Mandalay Bay.  I asked an employee and he told me how to get downstairs to the lobby to see the display.This is a nice excuse, if one ever needed one, to go check out the Four Seasons and see it.
5	A+ on my list as soon as you arrive you are greeted. As you approached the front door to the lobby you are greeted again by a friendly door man. As we entered to check in we were offered refreshments. The room was beautiful, classy, clean. The decor was elegant, the bed quiet extravagant; our room was facing the Mandalay pools but then we learned that The Four Seasons has a private pool for their guest. Will I be returning? hell yes! talk about getting your $$'s worth; the Four Seasons will make you feel just that way.
5	Hands down the best pool ever! I laid out everyday and the staff would come around routinely spraying me with Evian, handing out chilled fruit and chilled towels. The best pool experience ever. It was also great to relax by the pool and enjoy a meal. The staff is so friendly, and the rooms are great... love the shower!
4	The Four Seasons hotel has been well covered so I'll quickly go over the awesomeness of the hotel. -No second hand smoke (no casino).-Quiet with an older crowd (no club, no casino).-Nice room (some can be a little Gotti).-Super nice staff.-On the strip.-Extended checkouts are an option.The Four Seasons shares its structure with The Mandalay Bay, so if you miss the tackiness of Vegas you'll be only a few steps away.
5	LOVE this hotel!  My family and I stay here every time we go to Vegas because we bring our dogs and this is the only place that allows dogs.  The service is literally perfect.  Someone opens your car door, someone else opens the main door, someone brings you a bottle of water, someone takes your luggage to the room, someone brings you amenities for your dog (yeah, i'm serious), someone else comes just to make sure you're settled in.  The staff are as nice as they come, absolutely no cranky pants here.  The rooms are immaculately clean and maintained beautifully.  They brought food, water, bowls, place mats, poop pick up bags and beds for both of my dogs without us asking.  It is a quieter hotel because it's meant to be luxurious and peaceful, but there is a door between the lobby and the elevators which leads straight to Mandalay Bay.  You can get back in this way as well if you have a Four Seasons room key.  Pros: Gorgeous hotel, amazing serviceCons:  I can't live here without going broke.
5	For the past several years during the holiday season, this hotel sets up a gingerbread home scene with a large merry go round. The display isn't particularly huge like other Las Vegas elements, but the gingerbread homes serve a special purpose. They are sold off at auction to benefit Nevada Cancer research and treatment. The hotel is always tranquil, being in a slightly hidden area of a much larger Las Vegas Strip resort.I haven't stayed in the hotel but it offers several restaurants close to the main lobby and a helpful staff. I asked one of them to charge my almost dead cell phone and they did so with a smile at the concierge desk. If I get a chance to stay here, I'll be happy to update my review.
5	A+++ My friends & I were spoiled at the pool! Every 10-15 mins we were offered frozen fruit, Evian mist, etc. The suite was very spacious & the view was beyond gorgeous! Restaurant food was great and so was the wine we had.
5	GREAT hotel. Especially if you're not into the whole gambling scene. The pool is great! And of you bring kids, the mandalay bay pool is also very fun. I would definitely come back here the next time i'm in Vegas.
4	Four Seasons LV gets a solid 4.5 stars from me. The hotel is beautiful and secluded from the Mandalay bay (a short 2 minute walk). This means no gambling at the 4 Seasons (which is okay with us).   The Four Seasons is just a peaceful little hideaway in sin city. Upon entering the lobby, you see elegant decor with a bright vibrant centerpiece in the lobby area.  The lobby is scented with a warm fragrance with no trace of the typical smoke filled casino smell.  Doors were opened for us and we were greeted immediately by friendly staff members.  Check in was smooth, professional, and very fast.  The room was not large but very clean and in overall great condition.   Flat screen tv, ipod doc, coffee maker, etc.  Bed was very comfortable.One half star removed for the helicopter noise we heard throughout the night.  The hotel is close to the airport and being on the 35th floor didn't help the matter.What makes the 4 Seasons special is the service.  Small touches like there is always someone there to open your doors.  If asked for direction, the staff always walks you towards your destination rather than just pointing the way.  I came back from a morning jog down the strip and the doorman went to get me a bottled water as I entered the front drive way.  I can highly recommend this property for those looking for the relaxed Vegas vacation.
5	I love nice hotels. Who doesn't?? Now.. who loves nice hotels you get to stay at for free?  Yeah, thats right, I got to stay here for work. TWICE.I've attended a conference held at the Four Seasons, and I was able to stay here as well on the company dime.  There are times when I feel a hotel room is just a place to stay, but here, you can really experience first class service and comfort.  The rooms are generous in size, and offer wonderful L'occitane toiletries. Maid service comes twice a day, and the entire hotel has a slightly hush-hush aura of elegance and class.The hotel takes up the top floors of the Mandalay Bay hotel. The entrance to the hotel is separate from the one to Mandalay Bay, so you aren't stuck going through a huge mass of people trying to check in.  The training of the staff is apparent, because you are greeted when you walk in, and then the person checking you in will call you by name while you are being offered water by another staff.  Definitely makes you feel like the rockstar/celebrity that you aren't, but wish you could be.Although Las Vegas has numerous four or five star hotels, a lot of them, due to its size, can be loud, hectic, and overwhelming. Since the Four Seasons is much smaller in size, you can definitely avoid the headache and crowds associated with the larger resorts, allowing you to have a tranquil and relaxing time in Vegas.
4	We stayed there during our wedding week with Apple my puppy. Apple got to stay there for free. Please note that it will be $50 per stay started 1/1/2011. Yet, this fee is very reasonable. We called ahead of time to give them a heads up about Apple. As soon as we walked into our room, things have already been setup for Apple - bed, bowls, treats, which was very nice and welcoming. Overall, I liked staying there because of their exceptional service, everyone gave us very personal service they remembered Apple's name & they remembered our car there was no waiting time for valet pick up our car came right away a couple minutes we walked out from the lobby. And they put fresh bottled waters in your cup holders every time they give your car back, I think this is awesome service!One thing I hope they would have informed us beforehand when we checked in is that there is a rush fee of $20 for dog sitting if you don't have advance reservation and $10/hr extra for Thanksgiving night. We paid $195 for 5 hours that night. However, the dog sitter Terri was kind and responsible. Perhaps a Chinese tv channel would be nice to have too. :)
4	We took our 17 month old daughter to Vegas last weekend and stayed at the Four Seasons.  The very helpful concierge staff helped us arrange for a private car to pick us up from the airport which was very nice and we enjoyed the quiet, calm atmosphere at the hotel (no casino, private entrances).  No smoke, no noise, no flashing lights.  That was all great.  I would say that this hotel, while absolutely lovely and what I would expect from FS, was a little more worn and the service was not as attentive as I have found it to be at other FS properties.  I imagine this is due to the incredible number of guests that must roll in and out of this hotel.  Some of the furniture was slightly worn but the room was lovely and comfy and clean and we had a fun view of the airport, which my daughter loved.  We loved the private entrance to Mandalay Bay and the M&M/gummi bear/chocolate puzzle plate they left in our room on our first night as a welcome gift to our daughter.  I would absolutely stay here again.  We were in town for a trade show at Mandalay Bay and the ease of getting back and forth to the convention center was priceless.  I don't believe I will stay in any other Vegas hotels from now on.  I loved having a quite place to retreat to when Vegas got to be a bit much.
4	I stayed at the Four Seasons for 2 nights on a recent business trip. the good: the most awesomely comfortable beds in Vegas great, friendly, helpful service they like to give you bottled water evening room turn down private entrance no smoke relaxed and quiet the bad: no self parking and valet is $22/ night hearing barking dog in nearby room long walk to/from elevators and to/from everything else! hearing barking dog in nearby room The Verandah restaurant sucks did I mention they allow barking dogs?? I love dogs, but they belong in a strip hotel about as much as a newborn baby does.
5	thank goodness there are non-smoking/non-gaming hotel options in Las Vegas--on the strip, too!  We just stayed here with our 5 yr old son (yes I am aware LV is not the place for small kids...but certain times its a necessity). We had an adjoining suite to my father-in-law's room and it was just like having our own apartment for the duration of our stay.  They do cater to kids there though....definitely had an easier time of it there vs. other hotels which linger of naughty-Las Vegas-y stuff and not meant to take your kids to stay in..  Beds are comfy and bathrooms are large and fully stocked with everything you need.  Plus the Shark Reef and Manadalay Bay is right there, so you can get your Starbucks fix, and a nice meal closeby.  We used the pool (The Beach) at Mandalay Bay which is the best for kids who are taller and can handle the wave pool, and also the lazy river with the waterfall (my son is super tall for 5 yrs old and can swim too....he LOVED it all!).  Not a total "scene" in the daytime....more suited for casual pool go-ers who are there to chill for a while, though of course there are many who are looking for some "love"--but to each their own.   What happens in Las Vegas....stays in Vegas and Im super glad it ain't coming home with me!  heh.  Four Seasons was great. 8~)
5	The Four Seasons - it's where they hid all the "calm and quiet" in Vegas. I've stayed at nearly every hotel on the strip but never realized this hidden little oasis existed on top of Mandalay Bay.  Amazing service all around - I called housekeeping for an extra toothbrush and they actually THANKED me for calling! Who does that anymore?? The rooms are comfortable and quiet. We stayed in a king bed suite with floor to ceiling windows, an awesome view of the strip, a large bathroom, and an equally large closet (shoulda brought more clothes!). But my absolute favorite part of this luxurious hotel was the pool. Total princess treatment: your pool chair is set up for you, sunscreen is complimentary, as is a pitcher of water, and chilled towels were passed out. Best of all, it's a peaceful alternative to the typical bustle of a large hotel pool. TOverall, an absolutely decadent experience at this beautiful hotel.  This is my first time staying at a Four Seasons, and as long as I can convince the hubby, it won't be the last!!
5	One of our favorite hotels on the Strip.  It's a non-gaming hotel attached to Mandalay Bay.  It's classy and upscale.  When you're in it, you really don't feel that you're part of the Mandalay Bay.  They did a great job keeping it disconnected from the other property.  If you go in the main entrance, then you won't have to walk through the casino at all.This hotel is always at the top of my recommendation list when people are looking for a nice getaway from all of the glitz and glamour of the Las Vegas Strip.Return Factor - 100%
4	It's few floors of Mandalay Bay with a separate elevator."+":- nice furnished clean rooms with some "but"s (see below);- you can get away from gaming;but "-" , with some effort;ANother "-":-  They try to charge you for whatever extra they could: wifi, parking, roll-away bed, etc. Feels a bit too cheap. - feels less "Four Seasonsy", then all other Four Seasons I had been to.- pool area is smallish and services close ridiculously early. - double beds?!!! not even Queens?! I forgot they still make those for hotels...- when I flashed the toilet it sounded like a rocket launcher. It's not exaggeration - I jumped, my kid cried;- they suggested a taxi ride to Strip!!! no mention that there is a rail to the Strip in Mandalay Bay and walk is absolutely comfortable if you are not tired or have small kids;- the only attraction of Mandalay Bay is Aquarium, which is pricey and not much fun;- the reason we chose Four Seasons: we had kids with us, and they would let my kid in a spa?!   - promised hotel car is nowhere to be found;- Four Seasons, are you trying to fleece us some more here?So 4 stars only comparing to other mainstream hotels in LV.Not what I expected from Four Seasons.
5	This is an elegant, quiet, clean hotel. If you don't want too much of the Vegas croud but you wand to sleep incognito in the heart of it, this is the place. Consistantly great service. Shawn at the front desk will bend over backwards to satisfy your demands, Adrian, Lawrence and Nicole at the concierge desk are beyond connected and will definitely take care of you if you want to go out or see a show...And Donna will remember your specific requests when you order room service in the morning. From the minute you vallet your car, go to the spa, the gym or even the pool restaurant. (the Veranda) everyone is going to go out of their way to make your stay pleasant. I think that they are making bets on their own to see how many extra nights they can motivate us to stay. No one has confirmed this fact yet but I am suspicious. Home away from home like they say....
5	I have only been to the pool area. It is very mellow, and service is as good as it gets. Access to the Mandalay wave pool is also included which makes this great for families too.
3	We enjoyed our stay at the Four Seasons in Vegas.  It is off the beaten path and truly feels like an escape from the hustle and bustle of the strip.  The property is a bit dated, but was adequate for our needs.  One area of concern is the pool area.  It's a really great pool, but because of its size, it can feel overrun on a busy weekend day.  We actually decided to abandon the pool on Saturday for this very reason.  On Sunday, however, it was a great place to relax and enjoy the sun.Like all Four Seasons, the beds are amazing.  If I hadn't spent time visiting the Mandarin Oriental (which was recently built and is in a better location), I'd probably rate this hotel 4 stars.  But, it appears that the owners haven't updated this property in quite some time and the pool area needs to be expanded to accommodate peak crowds.While I would certainly stay here again, chances are that I'll be staying at the Mandarin during my next visit to Vegas.
5	Service. Superb service. The shower was the most amazing experience ... a waterfall of heaven that literally cleared up my husbands asthma while we were there. The la'occatane soap also helped with the asthma....now I get him that soap in his stocking every christmas. The beds...left us all well rested. (Two of us and teanage daugther)Now for the amazing part of our story. We are not rich by any means and had booked a 2 nite stay at this horrible hotel (south point) for a driving mini vacation. We called ahead to tell the hotel wed be late checking in...1 am. They said no problem ... but when we got there they had given our room away...leaving us only a smoking room....revisit the above comment about my husbands asthma...we couldn't stay there. So we started looking for another hotel, unaware that an Arbonne convention left the entire city booked up. We pulled into a driveway thinking it was Mandalay Bay, but pulled up to the Four Seasons. instead..when we walked in we sure noticed. We explained the predicament to the front desk, as well as the fact that although we thought their resort was lovely we were looking for something a little 'less'. They called and called right there in front of us, tons of hotels on the strip, so that we wouldn't have to keep driving and checking! After about 10 'we're sorry we're booked' answers, we gave up and checked into the Four Seasons thinking...we'll splurge for these 2 nights. I have never, ever, had such a wonderful experience in a hotel. I have stayed in some nice hotels in Boston and Vegas, but never experienced the luxury and service like here. My dream used to be to stay at the Bellagio..but I think I'll forget the themes and just stay at the Four Season's if I'm ever so lucky as to be able to. Also complete bonus, but when we wrote a letter to express our gratitude and amazement of our experience my husband actually received one back from the President of the hotel, with very specific references to our stay! Pretty cool, probably written by some assistant, but still pretty darn cool!
5	I think we've found *our* Vegas hotel.  We're a married couple in our 30's and we go to Vegas once or twice a year.  We go to play poker, have amazing dinners, spa, lay by the pool and generally chill.  We've stayed at Venetian, Encore and MGM previous to this trip.  Four Seasons just fits us.  At Venetian or Encore, while they're 5-star properties, you get a looooong line to check-in and the hotels have so many people walking around that it's kind of zoo-ey.  Four Seasons is calm, quiet, beautiful, with excellent service.  The best part is that if you want to have the crazy Vegas experience you're actually in the Mandalay Bay and can go do that.  You can go party at the Mandalay wave pool but return to the quiet Four Seasons pool, complete with frozen fruit treats and a selection of sunblocks and creams for your usage whenever you want.  It's the perfect compromise for Vegas.  Only complaint is that it anchors one end of the strip and so is kind of far from everything but who walks in Vegas anyway?
5	This has to be one of my favorite hotels EVER. Every time I leave, I always feel like I have to rip a ton of lips off my ass, because this place always goes ABOVE AND BEYOND great customer service.They remember your name, and every person who works here comes off as the NICEST person I've ever met. I am always in a great mood when I stay here, and the way these people treat you will affect how you treat others once you leave. More or less, I learn a lot about the importance of being polite and friendly to others whenever I stay here.This is also one of the only places that allows pets, and if they find out that your pet is staying here they send you a complimentary dog bowl and treats for your little one. These small touches are what really make the difference! I love love love this place and I cannot say enough about this.My fiance and I are now staying at the Four Seasons Hotel in Bora Bora for our honeymoon, and I am so excited! The Four Seasons at Vegas has set the precedent for all Four Seasons hotels everywhere, and I know that our honeymoon will be an amazing experience because this hotel chain has never disappointed me before (the one in Los Angeles has been equally impressive). Thank you Four Seasons for being so wonderful to anyone who ever comes here. You truly are an outstanding hotel.
4	Just spent a week here and loved it! Yes, the decor and rooms are a bit dated but I loved the privacy and service. Rest of family (reunion) stayed at Mandalay Bay and THE Hotel. It was very nice being able to leave the bright lights, big city and escape into my own little sanctuary. Pool is so private and quite the refuge after spending the day at Moorea Beach (pretty awesome though!) Twice daily service was provided at a time of my choosing. Alas, no Ethel M Chocolates on the pillows, not even a Hershey's Kiss! I guess it is a sign of the times. The bed was the most decadent I have ever slept in. If I could have brought it home I would have. They make you feel very special by always using your name. I felt just like royalty!
4	I've stayed here twice, the first time was at the tail end of my honeymoon and after being in the tropics with bugs and all, I was ready to be pampered. The room was super clean and I just loved how you can go to the FS pool or Mandalay's pool. However, I would suggest settling yourself down in the FS pool since they help you find a seat, cover your chair, bring you water and occasionally they bring little complimentary treats out to the pool goers. Plus it doesn't feel nearly as crazy busy as the Mandalay pools. I would definitely stay here during the summers. This second time staying here I don't think we sprung for as expensive a room so though it was nice and clean, the TV, vanity and such were very much outdated. Wished they would redecorate the rooms a bit. Other than that it's a very nice hotel with amazing service.
5	This is the best hotel in Vegas. It truly is a hidden gem. Pool is great and the staff treat you like they care about your needs. We will be back. The cost is worth not having any hassles.
5	*My Review is only for Sunday Brunch*Not to sound dramatic, but it is hard to put into words how amazing the Four Seasons brunch is.  I had a decadent chocolate bread pudding, lemon ricotta pancakes with fresh blueberries, and must have picked at just about every family members' breakfast as well just to get a taste.  The brunch alone & the service received at the brunch, will make me cough up a few more $ to stay here the next time in Vegas - hands down the best!
4	Loved it!!! Stayed in one of the one bedroom suites with 3 of my best girlfriends. We thought that the two beds would be queen instead of double...so -1star!. We were very taken care of start to finish. It was so nice to be in an oasis of calm, kindness and SMOKE FREE! This time when I unpacked from Vegas, everything did not smell like smoke : ). Upon arrival, we were shown around the room, given extra towels and ICE. The service continued at the pool where we were offered frozen pineapple infused with lime and basil, frozen snickers and cold towels. I did not even know I wanted these things...but they did. It was also so nice to have the spa to change and shower in before getting on our late departing plane on Sunday. I will definitely stay here in the future!!!
5	If you want quiet and a private entrance into your hotel, this is the place to stay.  The room, the views, everything about this hotel is perfect.  At Christmas time the lobby is decorated lavishly.  Highly recommend for a romantic stay in VEGAS.
5	Outstanding!!!  The attention to detail was excellent.  From the smiles as I exited the cab, to the turn down service in the evening.  Everything and everybody was perfect.   I loved not having to walk hundreds of yard through a smoke filled casino to reach the desk, the absence of bells was such a pleasure.  I travel to Vegas at least twice a year and I don't think I will ever stay at a hotel other than the Four Seasons.
5	Worth every penny! My husband and I stayed here for his birthday and they made sure he was taken care of. Upgraded room, complimentary drinks by the pool, birthday cake waiting for him in our room..you name it, they did it. Outstanding! As mentioned in other reviews, the beds are heavenly, every hotel employee greets you with a smile, and the private elevators and check-in area are wonderful....but the customer service here will keep us coming back time and time again!
5	I would first like to call to attention how extremely happy I was, and still am, about my experiences with The Four Seasons Hotel.From the beginning of your journey, everything about this hotel is enchanted. The entrance is private and paved with silkly cobblestone-like roads. Once you arrive at the front, the bellman, valet-men, and doormen are all at your service, and not in a pushy-hoity-toity type of way. They genuinely care about how you feel once you step foot onto their grounds. Once you are properly greeted, you are directed to the check in counter, where they offer you ice cold water or an apple after a long travel. Check in is smooth and easy.Once you walk into your room, you remember the attention to detail that every part of this hotel boasts. Each strand of carpet, each flower placed throughout the walk you take through the halls... everything is just-so.The rooms are beautiful. Great in size, and full of life and color. The beds are inviting and swirl you into a restful daze. The carpet sinks through your toes as you glide through the room...One of the best parts The Four Seasons has to offer is their pool. No, it may not be AS cool as the wave pool at The Mandalay Bay, but you can venture on over there as well, if you get bored with the pool here... although I highly doubt you could.Pool side service is i-m-p-e-c-i-b-l-e. That's all I have to say about that.Everything here is perfect. Everything and every staff member made my trip to Four Seasons exquisite. If you haven't stayed here before, you have to. It is an experience you cannot miss out on. It is well worth the money.
5	Great staff, hotel is all about service, which we love.  My husband and I have always enjoyed our stay here when we are in Vegas.  Doesn't feel like we are in Vegas.  For his Birthday, they surprised him with a nice Birthday cake and a nice hand written Birthday card when we checked in.  It's the small stuff they do that kept us loyal to Four Seasons.
5	I just spent five days in Las Vegas over the holidays and stayed at the Four Seasons. I have stayed here previously and keep coming back. The service is impeccable. I stayed in a one bedroom suite which was nicely decorated and very clean. The gym is a notch higher than a majority of other hotel gyms with plenty of cardio equipment and a decent set of weights. Also everything I went outside for a run, they had a cold bottle of water waiting for me when I returned. One of the great things about the Four Seasons s access to their car which is a fabulous perk. There are too many perks to list but this hotel is top notch. I highly recommend this hotel.
5	without a doubt the best hotel, I've ever been to. The service was generous and friendly, the employees well informed, helpful and pragmatic. The pool was fantastic. Though it was expensive, it was worth it.
5	We went to Las Vegas strictly to see a show that we had wanted to see for a couple of years. We were looking for a non-gaming hotel and were undecided between the Four Seasons and Mandarin Oriental. The Four Seasons provided everything we expected: beautiful hotel, very quiet, superb customer service, quality rooms with comfortable bedding, many nice amenities in the room, excellent housekeeping service, three express elevators and delicious food in the Verandah restaurant. We reserved a basic room, which is what we received - the lowest floor (35th) overlooking the airport runway and the Mandalay Bay Convention Center parking lot. It wasn't the best view and you could hear the planes taking off but since we were only staying two nights it was fine. We really liked being able to schedule the three hour window that would work best in our schedule for housekeeping to clean our room. We enjoyed the proximity to Mandalay Bay, as we went there a couple of times and it was great to return to the serenity of the Four Seasons via "the secret door". I am glad we selected this hotel and would highly recommend it.
5	Well, it's the Four Seasons - and they take care of their guest as if they were family, that's what they do.But the reason for writing this review and giving them a 5 star over a 4 star is for two reasons.First and most importantly, for me, is you DON'T have to walk thru the Casino to get to food, gifts and shopping - HUGE in my book.  Nothing disappoints me more that after you have gotten all cleaned up, put on fresh cloths, and then are forced to walk thru a smoke filled room to go do anything.  Now your hair, your cloths, and your friends (or clients) STINK - its disgusting.Secondly - we did a high level event there and the support staff was amazing! Food & Beverage, Housekeeping, Concierge, and especially Shipping & Receiving - were all great.I recommend this location for R&R and for your Business functions.
4	This hotel is our place of choice whenever we go to Vegas since it is the only nongaming hotel on the strip that takes dogs.  I've stayed at Bellagio, Wynn, and many other 5 star hotels on the strip but I hate the fact that even though you pay high prices for those rooms, you still have long lines at the lobby to check in and have to smell the smoke all the time in the restaurants, the main area, etc., not to mention the long wait for the valet.Here at the four seasons, you don't feel like you're in Vegas. The entire hotel smells like the spa!! I never had to wait a long to check in. That's a big plus, because I hate waiting.  We usually stay at the four seasons room which is a big open plan with gorgeous view of the strip and the mountain. We stayed in other suites but four seasons room trumps all. Service is amazing as well. Whenever we order room service, they come up in less than 15 minutes. My dog absolutely loves it here. One time we had all these leftovers from dining out at a fancy restaurant and the front desk person offered to send a mini fridge up. I didn't know hotels did that!  So now whenever we go, we ask for a mini fridge in the room. Also, I never had to wait more than 5 minutes for my car to be pulled up and they always have fresh bottled water in the car when they bring your car out. Love love the service.  I think the decor of the rooms are a little tired and can be updated though. Other than that, this is the best hotel on the strip if you're really into being catered and don't like to wait for anything.
5	The one time I get an all expenses paid trip to Vegas, courtesy of my bff's dad, he decided to go all out and put us up here. Upside: gorgeous everything, rooms are spacious and clean, casino is awesome to play at..Downside: hella far from all the action in the middle of the strip, but there is a trolley that takes you to Excalibur...mehh sucks when you're hella faded at 4 in the morning and wanting to get back. Overall, great spot to stay if you can afford it.
5	great music, great food, great rooms, great vibe, great hotel. very little emphasis on gambling, just folks having a good time.
5	This is not the newest hotel in Vegas but then service wise, I think this is the best hotel in Vegas after staying at various so called "5 stars" hotel on the strip.The hotel lobby is classic and upscale, once you walked in, you feel like you are actually not in the Vegas but then going back into Vegas casino scene is just one short elevator ride away.   Once you are in Four Seasons, you are in a complete casino-free oasis.The room that I received was an upgraded strip view room, which is the same size as the regular room but with better view of the strip, which is very nice to see at night time.  Although its due for renovation, but the hotel did a good job maintaining the room so it doesn't feel very outdated.  The room it does not seem very spacious, yet it doesn't feel cramped like some other hotels but I have to say their AC system is very good, quiet and cold (essential for Vegas), strong water pressure in the shower which I liked, and they used high quality Loccitane toiletries which is always welcomed.  Most importantly, their bedding is super comfortable.  I thought my bed at the Mandarin oriental is good enough already but their bed actually gave me really good sleep that I haven't had for a while, and I do sleep at hotel about 1/3-1/4 of a year.The service is very top notch here too.  You can tell they are well trained, from bellman to housekeeping to front desk.  Everyone that we encountered were professional and knowledgeable and not pretentious.  If you are looking for technology savvy hotel, this is not the place to be, but if you want the good service and comfortable stay, this is definitely the place to be.
5	One of the first truly luxury hotels that opened on the strip without a casino - this was such a welcome addition when it opened.True to form, Four Seasons upholds it's reputation here.Delightful relaxing pool for only the FS guests, but you still have access to the Mandalay Bay chaos pool if you want.I expected to not have to walk the 1/4 mile to the elevators like all Vegas Hotels, but was surprised in this environment I still had to (not lazy, just surprised).They're dog friendly which at the time was unusual and very welcome for us.  Now a lot of the Vegas strip hotels have gone dog friendly.Awesome Concierge staff!At what we all pay for Four Seasons, they really need to do away with the charging for Wi-Fi in the rooms.  It's outdated to charge like that.
5	Oasis in the midst of a desert. We stayed in the Junior Executive suite and we're so glad we did. This was my first, and most likely last, trip to Vegas.  New Orleans (Mardi Gras) is kind of crazy but in a good way.Vegas is crazy but not in a good way. Let me explain. I have a cherished and beloved friend who decided to wed at Excalibur hotel. It was a medieval themed wedding and a queen and king need a castle. Sigh. After thorough research and countless hours spent on the bed bug registry, I thought The Bellagio would be a good choice. It seemed well priced, clean, and a bit away from the chaos of the strip.Thank God, my traveling companion, who had been to Vegas prior, staunchly decided that we would stay here. I had kind of poo-pooed the idea at first because I thought it'd be very expensive but surprisingly it's not much more expensive than the Bellagio and for all you get it's practically a steal. Alas, he had been to Vegas before, he knew of the unspeakable horrors we would face, the loud obnoxious pool areas blasting various renditions of "Now That's What I Call Music ..." and "Summer Jams" during the day, the trashy, drunken, often morbidly obese, young adults and not so young adults that would be scantily and badly dressed, yet would be convinced that they looked hot, that we would run into at night ... Ugh, it was bad y'all. Real bad. I know it's called the  Sin City but seriously, isn't sinning supposed to be fun? I saw a lot of "sinning" but it all just seemed so tawdry and cheap. Do you know they allow smoking in the casinos and hotels?! My God. My virgin nostrils had all but forgotten that offensive scent. Blech! Anyway, I digress ... Four Seasons was amazing.The staff are more than helpful. As soon as you walk in you're greeted with the smell of yellow roses. The pool area is relatively quiet with light jazzy lounge music playing softly in the back. Sexy! I got a bikini wax at the spa and I have to say it's been the best one to date. The hotel restaurant, Verandah, has the best breakfast on the strip. Please get one of their delicious smoothies. Your taste buds will thank you.The room we stayed in had large windows that offered a wonderful view of the hills and the pool area. We stayed on the 39th floor (top floor) and I felt like I was on cloud nine.Bed was ultra comfy. Furnishings were classic yet modern and comfortable as well. I loved the scent of the bvlgari products stocked in the bathrooms. Noise or vulgarity of any kind was never an issue here. Location was perfect. Excalibur, Aria, MGM, Luxor, Cosmopolitan and a number of other hotels/restaurants are a walk away (20-30 min. Depending on venue). Bellagio and Venetian are a bit of a hike further up, so you'd definitely need a taxi if you wanted to check those places out (and you might as well). We partied at MGM, Excalibur and Aria and come back to civilization in the evening. The hotel is on the strip but the craziest noise you'll hear is coming from Mandalay Bay -- They blast their pool music over into the Four Seasons area a little but nothing too imposing. The two hotels share the same building but of course Four Season is on the top floors :-) If you get tired of all of the immature madness of the strip (and you should eventually) Four Seasons is a great place to call home and regain your sanity.
5	We love the Four Seasons Las Vegas!  Service is great, they have the best pool ( with most amazing staff).  We used to stay at other hotels, trying the newest and nicest, but once we stayed at the FS a few years ago - we were hooked!  We will never stay anywhere else.
5	Just got back from the Four Seasons and it was absolutely amazing! My best Vegas trip yet. I booked the Mandalay, but was upgraded to the suites at the seasons, works for me:)The room was gorgeous, a nice 46" LCD on the wall. They don't spare any details, the L'Occitane toiletries were a nice touch. The service at the seasons was impeccable, our room wasn't ready when we arrived, so I asked if they would comp us dinner, "sure!" without hesitation, they told us to eat anywhere and bill it to the room and it would be covered. Awesome.I really enjoyed the private pool at the seasons, very low key and quiet and not busy. You get your own attendant who will setup your spot with towels, chairs, cabanas, drinks, you name it! Needless to say, this was a much different Vegas experience than I am used to. The best part - end of the trip, go to checkout and notice that first meal and a bunch of rooms charges are on the bill, along with everything else that was charged to the room. I asked the front desk guy to take care of it, and he said "you know what, I'll just wipe the whole bill" nearly $400 wiped!! Unreal! I could not believe the service at this place and just how well the treat their guests. Definite 5 star!
5	One of the other reviewers used the phrase "classic and upscale" and I think that is a perfect description.  The service is great and it has a really good feel.  Not as flashy and over the top as the other hotels but in most cases that is a good thing.  Clean, professional and nice.  I am a fan.
5	This is the best place to stay on the Strip with kids. Absolutely *impeccable* service, smoke-free, quiet, and tons of things to keep the kiddies busy: all the Mandalay pools & sharks and the monorail (perfect for my preschooler)! But then mommy and daddy get the Mandalay casino just steps away, 3 spas, and the rest of the Strip is just a cab ride away. We are already planning our next Vegas getaway.One tip: I actually enjoyed the Four Seasons pool much better than the masses at MB. It's quieter and the service was perfection.
4	We are staying here for the weekend and this hotel is amazing! Every one is super friendly, clean enviroment and super clean rooms.
5	Great place to get away from the craziness of Vegas. From the moment you step into the lobby, the peaceful ambiance is a desirable contrast from the rest of the strip. No riffraff and service is impeccable - you are immediately looked after and the staff is eager to do whatever they can to make your stay pleasant. Placement at one end of the strip makes for a great sightline at night. Also easy access to the Mandalay casino downstairs and tram to get you down into the more active part of the strip. This is definitely not for those looking for "The Hangover" experience. But if you want to go to Vegas and have a respite from it at the same time, this is the place to stay.
4	This is definitely off the beaten path and is more relaxed and secluded from the craziness of the strip and Vegas. Mandalay Bay is already the most south you can go and the Four Seasons takes it one step further. The service and rooms are top notch and what you would expect from a four seasons. I went with a couple of buddies and did not necessarily expect it to be a place that catered to single folks trying to have a good time, but it appeared to be the antithesis of the idea. I think the location should reflect the focus of the hotel a little more.Other than that it was solid...I would recommend this to families...or couples wanting a more subdued Vegas Experience.
5	The best place to stay on the strip! With family in tow we moved from The Palazzo to the Four Seasons, Jonathon, was great and put us in a spectacular sweet with a view of the strip.. 1,000 square feet plus! Wow! Nice to uses the Mandalay pool and then the Four Seasons pool. Found the secret entrance from the Mandalay lobby to our elevator's service is without question what you pay for. We will be back!... Oh and the kids could be kids in the pool!
5	I've been to Vegas more times than I can remember and I always stay at various hotels along the strip.  While I always enjoy my time here, I can't say that a few days in Vegas could ever be described as relaxing.  Frenzied is probably a better description.  It takes me several days afterward to unwind and get the constant ringing of the slot machines out of my ears and the musty smoke combined with BO smell of the casino out of my nose.  Now that I'm older and have a family, not exactly what I'm looking for out of my vacation dollars.Found a trip to Vegas recently on a travel site that was just too good to pass up and it offered a stay at this Four Seasons no less so we decided to give Vegas a shot after an eight year hiatus.  Surprisingly, I found this trip to be one of the more enjoyable getaways we've had - largely because of this hotel.Located on the top 5-6 floors of the Mandalay Bay, the Four Seasons offers all the excitement and amenities of a Vegas Strip Mega-Hotel without all the hassle.  Some observations --1.) There really isn't a bad view in this hotel.  Given the rate we paid, I wasn't surprised to get a room with a less than desirable view that faced away from the strip.  Instead, we got a 37th floor view of the Mandalay pool and the mountains that surround the Vegas valley.  Not bad.  Much better than the parking garage and drying laundry I found the last time I stayed at Imperial Palace.2.) The Four Seasons rooms are just as convenient to the Mandalay Bay casino and shops as are the rooms at the Mandalay.  In fact, with a private keyed entrance to the elevator lobby, would argue its better.3.) Rooms are standard for Vegas in size and scope but the details are far nicer.  Very comfortable bed.  Very quiet (no boozers screaming in the hallways as I've come to expect from past trips to Vegas). Very nice bath toiletries (apologies to any Four Season staffer that may happen across this review,  I took a bunch of your full sized L'Occitaine bath soap -  it was THAT good).4.) The private pool is really fantastic.  My draw to this particular hotel was the access to Mandalay Bay's pool area with its sand beach and wave pool.  What I figured out after out I arrived is that on a summer day, that pool is largely inaccessible.  Way too many people in too small a space.  Good luck even finding a place to sit if you arrive after 11am or so.  Four Season's private pool proved to be the best place to be if you wanted access to a pool.  BTW, the complimentary sunscreen, frozen watermelon balls, pitchers of water for every group of guests and very attentive staff were awesome!  That alone was well worth the nominal resort fee.5.) The homemade Chicken Noodle Soup in the Verandah restaurant actually brought a tear to my eye.6.) Lastly, I don't know what the aroma is that they pipe into the common areas and pool deck but that stuff smells great.  I think my sinuses actually feel better even 2 days removed from returning home.Thank you Four Seasons for offering a civilized and sophisticated place to kick back in the Gomorrah that is Vegas.  It certainly won't be another 8 years before we come back and when we do, yours is the first hotel we will check.
5	I made a stop on my way back to Chicago and decided to visit a friend in Vegas for the weekend. I always stay at the Four Seasons because their accommodations and services are always white glove!
5	This is for the pre-booking experience.  I am highly impressed and decided to stay there next trip.After I have such a nightmare to agrue with another upscale hotel in City Center about having Nespresso coffee machine in the suite (they mentioned clearly on their website but now deny it), i decided to find out who else will have this nice little espresso machine in their hotel room.  First of all, i just emailed Four Seasons hotel group,  I got a response really quick then i was transferred to FS Vegas reservation.  Within 24 hrs, i was told via email fully explained to me about the Nespresso isn't in every room however if i request it, there will be one for me.  The tone in the email is very sure, professional and not that `you can request it but it is based on availability' type answer from another hotel.Then i further asked the reservation desk for spa and hotel restaurants menu.  Guess what i was transferred to concierge right away.  She replied me with all the menus i asked for + all info about shopping, nightlife, hotel room service/amenities, entertainment/show guide, recommended restaurants on the strip..So informative and professional.  Four Seasons Vegas gave me the impression they truly know what the are doing and how to pass the guest to the appropriate person for inquiry.  They strongly delivered more than i asked for even before we make any reservation (they don't know our travel dates either!!)   Not the fact that i already paid deposit for another hotel and they promised me the coffee machine, I definitely will move us to Four Seasons!
5	Great hotel! Great service! The only complaint was the overnight parking fees and the fact that the concierges were constantly busy. There is no casino at this hotel so no crowds and no drunks! All in all - A+++
4	The fiance and I planned a little LDW in Vegas last weekend and originally booked the Four Seasons because we were bringing our two puppies along.  I am so glad we did even though our dogs basically got kicked out within 30 minutes of us being there (they didn't feel comfortable in their new living environment and were barking too much and disturbing other guests on our floor).  It started our trip off on a stressful note but the concierge was SO helpful. She gave us some options - $37 an hour dog sitting or finding a nearby place to board them.  She found us a great place just down the street that only charged $37 to board both dogs together per night.  So we were sad to have to board our dogs but in the end it all worked out for the better.I must say that I am now so spoiled by the stellar hospitality at the Four Seasons that I will probably always want to just stay at a Four Seasons.  The room was perfect and we had a strip view which was gorgeous at night.  The bed was so comfortable it was like sleeping on a cloud.  One night we came back from dinner and for turn down service they had put some relaxing music on our TV and had left us 4 chocolate covered strawberries along with espresso shots.  I don't think that they normally do this for everyone (my best friend used to work there so she got us VIP treatment) but it was such a nice touch.  Thank you Alyssa!  The valet guys were awesome!  Every time we took the car out they had cold bottled water waiting for us in the car.  What a nice touch! They were also very friendly and very helpful with our bags.The best part of our stay would have to be the pool.  We had family staying at the Mandalay for a family reunion and we originally planned on going to the big pool but once we realized it was packed by 10 a.m. to the point that you can't find a lounge chair we quickly realized the Four Seasons pool was the way to go.  Not to mention there were a lot of trashy people at the Mandalay pool...A LOT.  I'm talking moms with barely there bikinis and tramp stamps getting wasted in front of their children.  Four Seasons pool was a breath of fresh air in comparison.  Everyone in there was mellow and relaxing.  Every lounge chair had a nice green cushion.  The service was amazing as they would pass out cold towels, shots of frozen lemonade, frozen watermelon balls, snow cones etc.  We also ordered a couple of bloody marys that were just right and a side of sweet potato fries that were amazing!  I seriously could've stayed at the pool the entire weekend, it was that relaxing :)The only thing I didn't like about Four Seasons was the room service we ordered for breakfast.  It was mediocre at best.  I just wanted to have a nice breakfast in our room overlooking the strip but I couldn't even finish it.  I had ordered the eggs benedict and my fiance ordered the breakfast burrito.  I wouldn't say it was worth the $70 we paid for breakfast with coffee & OJ.  Next time we'll skip on the breakfast.  All in all, I would say it's a 4.5 experience.  Definitely recommend, especially if you're not into the chaos that is Vegas and the smoke-filled casinos.  It's the perfect way to have fun going out on the strip but coming back to a relaxing environment to get some R&R.
5	We wanted to go on a family getaway with our kids, 14 years old and 19 months. I always remembered how the doctor's wife @ my work would tell me they always stayed @ the Four Seasons with their 2 young children because they really catered to families. My requirements included that the hotel was smoke free, casino free, and kid friendly.We drove out early in the morning so that my son would sleep on the way and arrived before 10 am, check in is usually 2 or 3 so I called in and asked if we could check in early and it was not a problem. They just had a room that needed to be cleaned so when we arrived, to pass the time we ate @ their hotel restaurant , the Verandah, and they texted us when the room was ready. At the front desk, one of the employees noticed my son and wheeled a Radio Flyer wagon full of stuffed animals for him to pick! He chose a stuffed little Pug. That was so sweet and so cute! At the restaurant, the hostess, gushed over my son and gave him crayons and a coloring book. DH worried about him eating @ such a nice restaurant but they were completely kid friendly and they even cut up his breakfast chicken sausage (and @ an angle) so that it was beautifully presented. When we finally got to our room (I already knew this ahead of time), the bathroom was stocked with L'Occitane products, my ABSOLUTE favorite products from France. One of my favorite indulgences in life is staying and hotels and the best parts are seriously the toiletries! I will book a hotel based on that...My family also spent a lot of time @ the pool (private) and the attendants would lay out your towels, and set you up with a carafe of water, and they offer free sunscreen (SPF 15, 30) and tons of magazines (which I noticed my teenage daughter reading). They also serve up some yummy drinks, smoothies, and resort type food and limited offering from the Verandah menu. I especially enjoyed how they turn your room over once more in the early evening (something you don't get @ home). Before we arrived, I requested a small fridge for my son who drinks a half gallon of whole milk a day and I also requested a crib for the evening. The crib arrived with a package of organic baby products, a couple of diapers, a stuffed animal that looks like classic Eyore from Winnie the Pooh and a diaper genie trashcan! Seriously so amazing how they treat families with young children. My DH loves to workout and he actually left his running shoes @ home but the gym lent him a very nice pair of NIkes.The hotel is beautiful on the outside, the rooms are classic but definitely not as nice or new as other hotels I've stayed @ the strip but the hospitality is so amazing that it makes this stay unforgettable.  The entrance is very separate from the Mandalay Bay, so the hotel also stays quiet and private.Since this hotel is connected to the Mandalay Bay, we got to go the Shark Reef exhibit and had tram access to get to other parts of the strip. Charlie Palmer (an awesome steakhouse) is also located @ this hotel :P  A Whole Foods market and wonderful playground, is a little over 1mile away from this hotel. (Good for families with young children to know this).The clientele is mostly older couples (retirees) and families with young children and they are dog friendly...
3	The service was amazing on all levels.  We ate in a conference room buffet style food was average.  We ate poolside and the food was spectacular.  We ate at Charlie palmers and it was one if the best steaks I have ever had.The pool chairs and pool itself need some TLC.  In the room.....Shower tiny and old gold fixturesPillows awful and when I called for a memory foam or firm pillow they did not have oneTv was not hdThought they would have free regular bottles of waterWeird canopy above bedI did see in the lobby when checking out that they are planning on rehabbing this fall.
5	So Cal Dealer Meeting at this hotel multiple times in the year and it's the perfect get away. Luxury through and through, never disappoints, always leave happy with the outcome-service and QUALITY.Money well spent every time. Highly recommended.
5	WOW!  I attended a real estate industry Gala Installation dinner Saturday, November 17th and was VERY impressed with the service throughout the evening, starting with the gentleman who helped us out of the car.  The personal attention was vey well received and made me feel like the staff genuinely cared that I had a good time while there.  I would definitely go back again and would consider the Four Seasons as a venue for a special event.  Several of my colleagues spent the night at the hotel after the event and they were very impressed with the service as well.  What a treat!
5	I was recently booked at the Mandalay Bay for Autodesk University, but when I went to check in I was notified that I'd been upgraded to the Four Seasons. Not sure why, but it was a welcome surprise nonetheless.The Four Seasons is connected to the Mandalay, but is smoke free and casino free. It's exceptionally posh and all of the employees are beyond helpful and friendly. My room was fantastic - stocked with a great mini bar and fabulous L'Occitane bath products. Awesome shower and killer sunken tub. Wish I actually had a chance to use that tub, but sadly it was a quick trip. Wake up calls were friendly and on-time. Also, the cleaning service couldn't be better. Would I spend my own cash-ola on this place? Probably not. Well, maybe, if I actually had money, but that's neither here nor there. Overall it was an exceptional stay and I would absolutely recommend it if someone wanted a quieter, more personal experience in Las Vegas.
4	Pretty snazzy place with great service. It's the top few floors of the Mandalay. Stayed here for a corporate rate of $181 per night.Some things I noticed:- quiet lobby, very relaxing environment (elevators go from Lobby, Casino, and the top floors)- superb service. Checked in at 10 pm and was commenting to co-worker how our business trip was cut short and I won't make use of the fitness center. The person who checked me in offered to open up the fitness center for me even though the center closes at 9. Room service was also very polite and quick in getting me food. Food, however was pricey. $18 beef burger with fries + $4 side of onion rings + $4.5 less than 20 oz silver bottle of Coke + delivery charge + tip = $40 for dinner.- bottle of water provided upon check-in.- L'Occitane bath products!- limited TV channels, and the most Spanish channels I've seen in the hotels I've stayed at- loved how there is a section on the left of the TV stand that has all the ports to hook up cables. I hooked up my laptop to the TV as a secondary monitor. =)- complimentary newspaper in the morning.- no space in fridge to put leftover food or to keep bottled water cold.- nice view of the pools from my room.Hope to stay here longer next time if I'm in town!
5	I really love this Hotel. The rooms are spacious and comfortable. The location is convenient and the staff are wonderful. I especially love that you have access to the Mandalay Bay pools. We have stayed here twice and every time, have had an amazing experience.
5	Newly designed rooms make this already amazing hotel even better.  As of this week they also added a new room service menu which is better than the last. My son has food allergies and the Four Seasons hotels are the most accommodating hotels anywhere. Room service and concierge staff are the best.  Most front desk are as well.....although one has an attitude and when he is working the front desk is VERY different.  When he is not there the overall feel is 100% better.Door man from Hawaii remembers us every time we visit.  This places feels like home!!!
5	Came here for a work conference and WOW! I (and my three colleagues) were completely blown away by this place. The corporate rate made this place a steal. The rooms are spacious with stunning views. Since you are near the south point of The Strip you can see all the hotels to the north and you are within walking distance from the famous Welcome to Las Vegas sign to the south. The staff really goes above and beyond to make your stay a pleasure. We ate at the onsite restaurant, Verandah, which was very tasty with a quiet and sophisticated decor. Very different from the hustle and bustle of the more prominent hotels on The Strip. The food served at the conference was also amazing, probably the best conference food I have ever had. And ohmygoodness... the bed. It was soooooo freaking comfy from the mattress to the linens. The bathroom has a tub as well as a regular standup shower. We did not have time to check out the pool or much at the attached Mandalay Bay but I did swing by the gym and it was extremely nice. This hotel has ruined me forever. I can never stay at a crappy hotel ever again. My only teeny tiny complaint is that there is no free wifi in the conference area. I believe you get charged a resort fee that includes free wifi in your guest room but I could not find a way to connect without having to enter an access code which I never took the time to find out.
4	Very nice room, very clean, very quiet and smoke free!
5	Any time I can stay at a Four Seasons, I am a happy girl. Our newly renovated Strip View Studio was absolutely stunning.  I must note that the FS concierge, especially Yuki, handles all requests quickly and effectively.  The fitness facilities are beautiful and well staffed with iced gatorade and water available. Please visit happy hour at the Verandah. My husband and I enjoyed it so much that by the end of our 4 night stay Andrew knew our order and names.  One piece of advice is to locate a Four Season Preferred Partner travel agent so as to receive breakfast and other perks with your reservation. Well worth it!
5	I loved the Four Seasons. It was great. The only thing that I dislike at 5 star hotels is that they are sooooo blah. Although very nice, it just seemed so uptight. The beige walls were my least favorite, but the view was great from 37 floors up and I loved that it was connected to Mandalay Bay. The staff was great. The bathroom was a little smaller than I remember FS being, but that was minor. I was there on my birthday and they brought  me a chocolate mouse cake. That was so sweet.
5	The most amazing hotel I have ever stayed at. If you want to go to Vegas but want to be a little removed from all the craziness than this is your only option. The service and atmosphere made me feel like I was at a resort in Turks. Very peaceful.Do:Use the house car service as much as possible. It's free (+tip) but a lot cheaper than a taxi.Use the amazing free espresso machine in the lobby every morning.Try to see if they have anything on the 39th floor. Best view of the strip!
5	This is a fabulous hotel. Great services, excellent rooms, and wonderful amenities. I stayed here for business for about 3 wks. It was a great stay! Beds are comfortable. Room services were surprising great (love the prawn cocktail). The amenities are just heaven. I really liked everything about this hotel and would come back again with friends and family! Highly recommend it!
5	Amazing! This hotel is an oasis in the desert and hidden gem. The remodeled rooms are chic and have a flair for Vegas. They offer great views and are bright and comfortable.The service is impeccable, from the valet to front desk to room service.
5	It's almost as if the maid was excited to clean your bathroom. Do yourself a favor and stay here, your sanity will thank you. Also, the service here is as good as it gets. It's almost as if they can read your mind. I thought Dubai's hotels had the best service, guess I thought wrong!
5	The top 5 floors of Mandalay Bay - a quiet oasis compared the smoky, noisy casino.  We stayed on the 39th (top) floor.  LOVE the beds (I actually bought one last month - yes, you can buy them).  Love the service, love the beautiful (very beautiful) sculptures throughout).  It's quiet, you don't hear your neighbors.  I was here for a trade show at Mandalay Bay, we actually booked in advance (stay 2 nights, 3rd night is free) and it was cheaper than Mandalay Bay.
5	Visiting friends who are in town and I have to say this Four Seasons does not disappoint. Having stayed in the Chicago Four Seasons I have always loved the Four Seasons but the Las Vegas Four Seasons is above and beyond.The lobby is incredible the connection to the Mandalay Bay pool is awesome. You can enjoy quiet and reserved Four Seasons pool or the gigantic and highly active super fun Mandalay Bay pool.After attending a breakfast meeting here the previous day and now seeing the full hotel I an a fan!
5	We went on July 4th weekend in 2012 and had a great time.  It begins from the secluded entrance, beautifully detailed and well attended by courteous professionals.  The Front Desk was quick to get us set up and thanks to the AMEX Platinum card, we got a really nice upgrade offer.  We upgraded to a large suite on one of the ends.  270 degree view of Las Vegas including the airport, mountains and The Strip.  The layout was open, the rooms were spacious and the bathroom was to die for.  Amenities we took advantage of - massage (WOW!), pool (separate pool area from the Mandalay Bay pool but you still have access to their pools).  The humid/moisturizing room was very relaxing too.The place is pet friendly and our dog was treated to a bone shaped mat for his water & food bowls.  Plenty of homemade dog treats which he thoroughly enjoyed.Dining - the al fresco dining by the pool was great.  Especially for breakfast.  We ate at Charlie Trotters Steakhouse and it must be the best high end dining bargain in town.  3 course meal which range from $48 to $55.  Includes choice of appetizers, steak of the week, starch & vegetable, dessert and unlimited amount of the week's chosen red & white wines.  AMAZING!
5	Enjoyed my stay at the Four Seasons.  Most accomodating check-in and done quickly.  Room was ready and clean when I checked in. The hotel is pretty quiet overall.They do a turn down service and if you miss it, they will come back.  No candy any more on the pillow.  I had a very sweet lady, Diana, who turned my bed down and truly enjoyed her job.I checked out over the phone and as to be expected, they said I had taken a bottle of water from the refrigerator which was incorrect but they quickly credited me for this. I believe many hotels do this and although it ticks me off, it is a heck of a way to boost revenue if you can get away with it.  I would stay here again.
4	We just returned from a 3 night stay at the Four Seasons Las Vegas.  It was our first stay in a Four Seasons hotel, and our fourth trip to Las Vegas.  There are a lot of really nice Hotels in Vegas - so it's hard to compete.  What I was looking for was a smaller more personal experience.  Four Seasons Las Vegas definately exceeded my expectations.  The workers at the hotel were friendly, always introducing themselves and asking if there was anything they could do for us.  The pool experience was amazing, and worth every penny in and of itself.  There were always chairs available, and they catered to everything we could possibly want.  It was quiet and relaxing - and the food around the pool was AMAZING.  Honestly, the best food we ate the entire trip.  We didn't eat there until our last night, and we regret that.  It was so relaxing to sit in the shade and eat their amazing poolside food.  The manager even came by and bought me a drink one day for no reason.  Pros:  The shower head and water pressure were awesome - I took three showers a day (smoke from the casinos and the pool will do that to a person).  The room service was awesome, twice a day.  Easy access to Mandalay Bay Casino.  You can do straight from the elevator lobby to your pool - no walking through a huge casino in your bathing suit!  It's very quiet here, so you can start your day with some relaxation and end it with a little peace.  Saved us quite a bit of sanity in a city that never sleeps :) Cons:  I hate to say anything negative, but it was my experience - and I know it may be important to others.  The beds were not comfortable.  I know many reviewers mentioned the amazing beds - but that was not our experience.  My husband, who rarely complains about anything, said the pillows were strange and the bed left him with a stiff back.  I didn't sleep much during our three night stay because I was uncomfortable in the beds, and that was frustrating.  However - maybe we are just picky sleepers.  I didn't complain to them, because I don't think there is anything they can do to fix the beds.  Not to mention, I was worried they might TRY since they try so hard to make their guests happy.  I also did not like that the resort fee is almost $30 and you still have to pay for WiFi.  I ended up not using WiFi because I felt like it was silly to have to pay for it - and that was kind of a pain.  Especially in today's world.  Even with the bed issue, I would likely stay here again!  Casinos make SO much money from their hotel guests, and don't offer anything near what you get from Four Seasons - and they are not a casino.  I think that says a lot about their customer serivce.  I am not sure I could ever use another pool anyway.  I am completely spoiled now.
4	I've been Vegas spoiled by the Four Seasons. Now where am I going to stay when I come back? The service is what you pay $400 / night for. The best service among all of the hotels on the strip - maybe after  Mandarin Oriental though. Everyone says Hi and smiles at you - everyone. From top to bottom, everything in the Four Seasons is the best of the best quality. The hotel beds, sheets, rooms, etc. The huge bathrooms with both bath tub and shower was my favorite! After a long night of clubbing, soaking our feet in the bath tub was magical. The private pool was the best. The staff lays out your towel for you, and sets you up with ice water. They ask if you want to be in the shade or sun, they have private day beds. It was really the best pool experience.Only bad thing was we had a huge mishap for two days over our dry cleaning service and had to deal with multiple departments and people before it was resolved. It was annoying and took away from my experience there.
4	Great service, especially around the pool.  Easy check in with a smile. Rooms weren't as modern as I would have liked even after the reno...but Four Seasons isn't known to be a modern place so my fault for choosing.  A little further out of the way than i would have liked. I think we'd try the Cosmo next time.  Great gym, comfy rooms, quiet and not smokey. A weird green tint on the windows though which really made the room dark.   Nightly parking is not included so adds up on the bill.  Excellent housekeeping as well.  Very friendly staff everywhere. Get to the pool early because by 8:30am, all the sunny chairs were already saved/taken.  I'd stay here again.
5	Exactly what you would expect of the Four Seasons, clean and comfortable rooms, friendly staff, excellent food and amenities.The only negative is the pool is a little on the small side...but you have access to Mandalay Bay and their pools.
4	Overall We was very happy with our stay at the Four Seasons Las Vegas. The room was very well appointed and  the maid service was impeccable. Spend some time at the Four Seasons pool and it was a memorable moment when the pool boy offer to spritz us with Evian.We really disliked that The Four Seasons had only three elevators to accommodate the 424 rooms and the delay at peak times was excessively long; 10 minutes.  The casino, larger pool and most of the restaurants we used were of Mandalay Bay Hotel, reviewed separately.
5	NON SMOKING HOTEL - IN VEGAS? Thats a commodity friends, rooms, service and everything else is great.PLUS FREE WIFI!!!!!! PLUS YOU GET THE TOP 5 floors from the Mandalay meaning the best view!
5	My wife and I took a one night trip for our anniversary.  We arrived early and used their house car to go shopping.  The hotel was very nice, clean and beautiful.  The staff was excellent.  I had told them we were there for our anniversary and they had a nice piece of cake waiting for us in our perfect room with a great view of the strip.  We ate in the hotel restaurant and the food and wine was really good.  Not that expensive either.  My wife went to the spa and got what she calls the best massage of her life.  I used the gym and loved it, big tvs in front of the tread mills.  All in all first class and we will be coming back every year.  Go it is worth it.
5	Nice rooms throughout Las Vegas are pretty standard at this point. What really sets the Four Seasons apart is the staff and seclusion. Encapsulated inside the gigantic Mandalay Bay complex, but maintaining it's own separate identity the Four Season creates an oasis in the hectic environs of the Las Vegas strip. The entrance is quiet and uncongested. Check is prompt and friendly. As returning visitors our daughter received an edible, chocolate welcome puzzle and miniature robe. The room service gives you a prompt estimate on your foods arrival time. While house keeping does what they're suppose to by keeping things bright and shiny. However, all the frenetic energy, restaurants, card tables and night clubs are available next door at the Mandalay Bay. Most importantly the Four Season's elevators have no drunks engaging in some profanity, laced rant or bad fashion requiring hours of eye scrubbing with cute kitten videos. Great place in my book!
5	Can I just live here please?Greeted at the doors, greeted at the desk, greeted everywhere!  The staff here is second to none.  I ask for a water bottle, they give me 3.  Sweet!  The decor was fab too....fresh flowers throughout!  My room was pristine, the bed was super comfy, and the bathroom was impressive.There was a convenient entrance into the Mandalay casino, and I appreciated the privacy of the elevators going to the casino and back.The pool was pretty small, not much going on out there, but honestly, who goes to the Four Seasons to party?I'll hopefully be back here soon =)
5	The best place to stay if you're in LV for business. Quiet, no casino, great customer service, clean well equipped gym and nice new lounge.
5	This place was just splendid! The staff is so nice. They greet you all the time. Will always stay at this hotel whenever I come to Las Vegas.
5	First time staying at the Four Seasons.  Super nice, family/ kid friendly, very professional w/o being snobby.   They don't nickel and dime you.  We needed a DVD player and refrigerator for our kids.  Brought it right up w/o an added cost.  Welcomed our kids with a stuff animal and personalized cookie.  This is our family's new favorite LV hotel.   The rooms are great, Verandah's serves a good breakfast and lunch (nice kids menu).   Access to the Mandalay Bay is very easy (beach and casino).  Prices are very competitive with other hotels.  The only drawback or added plus is that the Four Seasons is at the south end of the strip.
4	Four Seasons Vegas is still the true boutique hotel on the Strip.  There are now a handful of new hotels on the Strip for people who do not appreciate having a casino on the premises.  It started with the ultra modern, The Hotel, and spread to a number of properties in the City Center.  Nevertheless, neither the Mandarin Oriental nor the Encore offer the privacy and that true small hotel feel that the Four Seasons offers.  You will not get people that do not belong walking around the lobby.  Now that it has been remodeled, this Four Seasons is a true oasis for those desiring privacy while visiting Vegas.  The remodel is excellent.  The service is good, although the valets could improve, as they are a bit slow, and don't seem to display that Isadore Sharp instilled positive intensity.  The overall facilities, however, are what you would expect from Four Seasons.
5	Five stars all the way!  So many things to love about the Four Seasons:+ The grounds are beautiful and lush and give off the feeling of being somewhere tropical.  + Customer service is exceptional!  Everyone was professional and courteous during our stay and I appreciated the nice little touches such as valet providing us with bottled water when bringing out our car.  (Much needed in 115 degree weather!!)  + The main hallway from the lobby to the guest elevators smells SO GOOD!!+ Guest rooms are clean, comfortable, modern, spacious, and very nicely appointed.  Evening turn-down service was a nice treat.+ Verandah is a good option for dining within the hotel.  I enjoyed their afternoon tea service as well as brunch out by the pool.  (Thank goodness for the clouds that morning as well as the misters!)  + Their hotel bar Press extends out into the pool area and is a nice place to relax with a drink or two at night surrounded by pretty lights.+ Location is great if you are seeing a concert at Mandalay Bay.  One walk through the door leads you right into that hotel.  (When coming back from super busy Mandalay you will appreciate the peace and tranquility the Four Seasons offers!)+ Location is especially great for me since my favorite shows in Vegas to see Jabbawockeez and Thunder From Down Under :p are next door at Luxor and Excalibur.  There is a tram that goes to those hotels from Mandalay as well as a walkway that takes you through both of those hotels.  + They allow dogs here!  If Vegas were more dog-friendly I would definitely take Lulu here.  Some things to note:- This is very much a family friendly hotel and while there were quite a few families with kids on our stay it did not take away from the overall relaxing ambiance of the hotel.- Elevators can get busy during peak pool time with people/families going to/coming from the pool.  - Valet is unfortunately not free.I must say that overall I enjoyed my stay at the Four Seasons and it is now my favorite hotel in Las Vegas.  If there were good deals throughout the year I would totally stay here on most if not every visit!
5	Visiting Vegas with SIL and her young kids. Loving the 4 seasons. can't afford it by myself though. Best part of course is no smoking, no loud music, no casino. Yet take the elevator to level C and boom: you're right in the middle of the Mandalay bay casino. Nice free tram to Excalibur. Limited dining: verandah is the only restaurant with a decent menu. There is a higher end steakhouse for dinner only: Charlie Palmer. Coffee shop at the lobby doubles as bar in the evening. Pool is average sized but not crowded at all: that is the best part about this hotel: only 5 floors (the top 5 floors of mandalay bay). Very small population compared to other 'mega'hotels in Vegas
5	Wonderful, 5-star stay at the FS. The property is located on the top floors of Mandalay Bay and to be precise, FS occupies floors 35-39 of the Mandalay Bay hotel. FS has it owns separate entrance, concierge, taxi drop-off, lobby, and elevators from the Mandalay Bay. The FS elevators will take you between floors 35-39 and the lobby (also where the FS pool is) and the C level (where you will connect to Mandalay Bay if you want to go there).The hotel is tranquil and serene. It does not have a casino. If you're looking for a tranquil change from the usual Vegas hotels, the FS offers a good reprieve. As you would expect, there are no spring-breakers type of crowd here but the working professional crowd. There were also many families here with kids but no, the kids weren't obnoxious that they would ruin someone wanting an adult experience in Las Vegas.The FS pool is small but it was never completely full when we there so there were always enough pool chairs. The pool itself was a 5-star experience. We walked into the pool area, the attendant looked up our room number and name in the system. Then he grabbed some towels for us and escorted us to the section and whichever pool chairs we would like to lie on. Then he set up the chairs for us and lined them with the towel chair covers. He came back a few minutes later with a pitcher of ice water and plastic cups. One day, it was strawberry-flavored water. Another day, it was lemon-flavored water. At random times, one of the attendants walked around the pool area and offered complimentary mini ice treats to help the guests keep cool. One day, we had a mini frozen pineapple on a stick. Another day, we had a taste of peach smoothie. Sunscreen and newspapers are also provided at one of the water stations. Another time, another attendant came by and asked if we would like some Evian spritz to be sprayed onto our faces to help us keep cool. Yes, please!One of the plus points is that guests at the FS are allowed to use Mandalay Bay's pool facilities (but not the reverse). Moorea Beach Club (topless optional) over at Mandalay Bay is just a few feet away from the FS pool.In true FS style, the hotel offers turndown service every evening. Complimentary shoe shine is also offered. Our room was clean and we enjoyed the fluffy pillows. I was a tad bit disappointed that this location does not offer L'Occitane toiletries like the other FS hotels but I ended up really enjoying the scent of the toiletries brand offered here.We ordered room service for breakfast one day- just a simple bread basket and soft boiled eggs- and they arrived timely.My husband went to the gym and used the steam room, though I did not. He seemed to have enjoyed it.Wonderful 5-star experience all around and looking forward to return.
5	My wife and I just got back today from a six night stay at the Four Seasons Las Vegas. We had a fantastic time, and would absolutely stay again. In the craziness (by design) that s Las Vegas - the FSLV is a luxury retreat that you can always count on. We assumed that we would use the Mandalay Bay pools while there, but we did not. We used the FSLV pool exclusively, and loved it. The staff was incredible - without exception. They would setup any chairs or daybeds (no charge for daybeds here) and immediately bring a fresh carafe of (free) ice water (which was filled throughout the day). The entire pool staff would make rounds of the entire pool, which was nice as it meant almost no wait for drink or food orders. Drinks were served at your chair or while you were in the pool. The bill was just handled at the end of each day. They brought multpile treats daily to all pool guests - like Popsicles, frozen watermelon balls on a stick, etc...  - not to mention the occasional Evian water spray.we got to know Shelly the best (she was awesome), but everyone was outstanding.The spa was nice, though it did lack a hot tub or cold plunge pool that they had over at the nearby/connected Mandalay Bay property called THEHotel. The FSLV spa (men's side for me) had a nice steam room, nice howlers, lockers and grooming areas. It just lacked the hot tub and cold plunge. The basic use of the spa, the basic pool services and poolside me irises, and free (and super fast) wi-fi were all covered in a mandatory $25 per day resort charge. It ays for itself easily.The Concierge staff was excellent. Karine was the person we utilized the most. She went out of her way to find an offsite restaurant that would make an off-menu chicken Milanese for me. She also contacted an offsite restaurant on my behalf where I felt the service was not up to luxury standards. I did not at ll suggest she call nor did I ask to be comped. I just wanted the FSLV to know. Within minutes - the restaurant manager caled me for more details and to apologize. H offered to have my wife and I back for a totally free dinner. I declined due to lack of time. He insisted that he would refund our complete dinner and drink bill - probably totaling about $200. Very nice, nd all because of Karine.I could go on and on (like the wonderful Mercedes house car drivers, the great front desk staff, or the girls at the Press coffee stand who made the hands down best fat free hot chocolate).Do yourselves a favor - stay here and really utilize the amenities. Treat the wonderful staff respectfully and get to know them. They are a wonderful tribute to the FS name.
5	Came here in early October.  Was upgraded to a beautiful room facing north with stunning views of Charleston Peak and the rest of Las Vegas. Staff and house keeping were excellent (they hung my pants up in the closet which I had left on a chair!!). Great meals at Verandah and enjoyed using the gym and spa. In the lobby there was a mini donut cart cranking fresh made complimentary donuts which were incredible (no joke).  Easy and convenient access to the casino, Mandalay Bay, Luxor etc. I love this place and am a fan of the Four Seasons!!!!
5	Came here for a conference for 3 days, my 2 night stay on the top floor was most excellent, with great strip view and the comfiest hotel bed. The bathroom was also massive. My first experience withFour Season and you've already set the bar so high. Conference food was good with great tea selections. Will be back!=====================1 star - "will be telling everyone to stay away" bad2 stars - it's okay, i won't return3 stars - it's okay, i'll come back4 stars - it's pretty good, i'll come by again!5 stars - it's really good, my go-to places!
4	Another conference, another swanky hotel, this time at the Four Seasons.  We had never stayed in this hotel before, but had high expectations based on the experience of our previous Four Seasons stay.  We also couldn't have helped but compare this hotel to the Mandarin Oriental in Las Vegas which we stayed at (for the same conference) 2 years ago.This time, we were upgraded to a suite. (yeah! perks of being on the conference planning committee).  Check in was fine, the bellman was nice and handed us each a water bottle on arrival.  I brought the family along and our room wasn't ready (they wanted to child proof the room) so we headed to their restaurant for lunch first.  They were very attentive to our 2 kids (ages 2 and 4) at the restaurant, which was very nice.Now to the room - the suite is amazing!  It is very big, and from the 36th floor, you had a great view of the mountains, the highways, and the airport (which the kids loved.)  They had 2 bathrobes and 2 sets of slippers for the kids, and had put their names on the bathtub rim with their own set of bath supplies.  And the best part (according to my daughter) was the big chocolate chip cookie on a plate surrounded by mini M&Ms with the kids names on them.  That was a very nice welcome. They also childproofed the room for us, a very nice service!The hotel is the top floors of the Mandalay Bay, so being on the South end of the strip, it was a trek to go anywhere.  However, it was a easy walk to the tram station at Mandalay Bay, that will take you to Excalibur, then it's not a bad walk up the strip.  We made it by foot as far as the Bellagio, but any further, I would take a cab.The kids loved the Mandalay Bay wave pool and beach area. The Four Seasons pool is more tranquil, with towel service, but I felt that the pool area was just too small.  The deck seemed crammed with all the beach chairs close together and also close to the pool edge.  I didn't get to spend much time there though, unfortunately, since the kids always wanted to go to the Mandalay Bay pool.This is definitely a nice hotel, and the suite was beautiful.  However, I felt like we had a great welcome, but then the stay became sort of ordinary, there weren't anymore "wow" service moments like we've experienced before.  My husband had read that there was a treasure chest full of toys for the kids in the lobby.  We found a chest, but it was empty the whole time we were there, no toys..  Kinda disappointing.So, would I stay here again?  I would definitely love to!  Our conference is planning on coming back to Vegas, to a non-gaming hotel. So between the Four Seasons and Mandarin Oriental, which one do I prefer?  Well, my husband and I prefer the Mandarin Oriental.  The kids... they preferred the Four Seasons!
5	If you are looking to visit Vegas while having a complete getaway from the ugly, mouth-breathing buffoons that crowd the strip - be sure to book your stay at the Four Seasons.  As soon as you slide through the Four Seasons secret door at Mandalay Bay, you are completely transported to a scene of serene casino-free, smoke-free  luxury and five-star service.  No lines at check-in.  We arrived really early, but the staff had no issue letting us check into our room at 9am.  We brought our two-year old son, who was treated to his own kid-sized robe, slippers, and bath supplies.  Anything we wanted, we got.  The staff was fast to solve any problems with our stay.  Our room was cleaned almost every time we stepped out, yet, we were never bothered when we stayed in.  Concierge would gladly book all of my day's activities and arrange for babysitting when we needed it.  The babysitter was a child-whispering ninja equipped with a suitcase full of toys.  All of the staff was friendly, helpful and greeted us with a smile.  Even our fellow guests were happy to see us and were sure to teach us the secret Four Seasons handshake with a wink.  Best of all, we weren't interrupted at night by drunken bros and hoes stumbling across the hall shouting "wooo!" or "Vegas, baby!" or "I was born with an extra  testicle!!!."
5	Impeccable service! Right from Valet, check-in to room service and restaurant dining. The experience of staying at Four Seasons is definitely worth every penny!My preferred place to stay in Vegas from now :)
4	The Four Seasons is a nice hotel as we have stayed here the past two visits to LV. The staff greets you with energy and positivity. They are helpful wherever you go. The location is not the best for getting to the action of the strip but that is also quite nice since it lends to a quiet stay. We only ate at the restaurant for breakfast. The service was friendly but the food served slow.  It was still OK but I thought the wait was too long. We were upgraded to a strip view suite!  1100 square feet consisting of two bathrooms, living room, desk area and separate bedroom area. Very nice space to spread out as we were staying for three days. The bed was very comfortable!  I have a bad back and need just the right support not to wake up stiff. This did the trick!  The views were to die for as we had a straight shot of the strip from the 38th floor. However, the reason I gave this only four stars was due to the following. The towels were old and scratchy!  Toweling off after the shower was rough to the skin. The soaps are a lesser quality/brand as well. Usually in the room there are amenities (sewing kit, shoe shine etc...) which was missing and I assume not offered to save costs. We stay at Four Seasons in several places (Beverly Hills, Chicago, Phoenix) as we are fans of the brand. This one seems to be a bit below standard. However, still a great resort hotel!
4	I thought this was nice.  I stayed here shortly after grand opening, so everything was clean and new as expected.  It was difficult to find the correct elevator banks to get here - this hotel occupies the top 4 floors of Mandalay Bay.  I stayed in a standard room.  The amenities in this hotel are great!  You have full access to the Mandalay water resort, in addition to private Four Seasons guests pools that are much less frequented.  Great restaurants too.  Verandah and Lupo restaurants are favorites.
5	love Love LOVE the Four Seasons in Vegas! The service, food, and drinks at the pool were amazing. Loved how accessible Mandalay Bay was when we wanted to "experience" Vegas and then how we were able to "get away" by going back upstairs to Four Seasons. I only wish that if were further up on the strip, but I didn't bother venturing up that way when I stayed at the Four Seasons anyway. Next time I have to use the spa services, the fragrance radiating from the spa was lovely. No complaints here!
5	The Four Seasons may be hidden in the shadow of Mandalay Bay, and it may be tricky to find if you're not using your GPS or paying close attention. But once you arrive you quickly know that they understand Customer Service. My most recent visit to the Four Seasons was for an evening event held in one of their conference rooms. The Valet was on the ball from the start, I had my ticket and was on my way inside in mere seconds compared to valet experiences I've had at other strip properties. Once you step inside you can see and feel the differences in so many ways, from the overall look and feel of the property clear down to the attitude of the bartender if you grab a drink while catching Sportscenter highlights. But on the night I was there chaos caused a change in plans and put the staff to the test. I came in and setup some equipment only to be told someone with our group forgot something they desperately needed. They were in a full blown panic and I'm like chill out, I got this. I ran back downstairs and caught a Valet and told them I had to leave and leave in a hurry. You talk about hustle, the staff worked together and I was in my car and gone in under 2 minutes. Speed was of the essence as the clock was running and the anxiety level was rising by the second.I made it back to the Four Seasons with 7 minutes to spare, and the Valet once again was on the ball. I was out of my car and sprinting towards the lobby with my ticket in hand in seconds. Once I delivered the missing items and the crisis was over I ended up getting a drink. (Kinda needed one at that point!) Our event had mobile bartenders, and they had a nicely stocked and very efficient bar to work with. Having a sister in law as a bartender has taught me a few things to look for, let's just say I saw no problems with the bartender's skills, and the quality of the drinks she prepared. Our event had dinner and dessert service. Again, impeccable service from start to finish is all that I saw while waiting in a fast moving line. When an item ran out they were quick to replenish it. Again, it was the attention to detail that left me impressed the most. And while the food for our event was not 5 Star ultra high end quality, what was prepared was definitely a cut above any other catered event at a hotel property I've experienced in Vegas to date.  After dinner while I was watching the event a server came by and offered us hot tea. They had a small but high quality selection to chose from, and even had imported honey available. From the temperature of the water to the overall presentation, again everything was as it should be. On the way out I stopped in the restroom...not something I typically mention in a review. Despite seeing quite a bit of activity the restroom was at a level of clean that I rarely see. Again it's about attention to detail. From the choice of hand soap to the paper towels that are provided, you can sense the differences in so many ways. On my way out the Valet took great care of me once again and I was in my car and on my way in 4 minutes even with a lot of people wanting Valet service. Overall Rating: 5 Stars. I have zero complaints about my experience with the Four Seasons location here in Vegas...well maybe that it's kind of hidden from the Strip. But that can be a good thing depending on how you look at it.
5	Had a blissful 3-night stay here in September right after they completed a gorgeous renovation. We put the gym, pool, concierge, valet, room service, and housekeeping to the test and they all did wonderfully! Service is impeccable and friendly and love that you can access Mandalay Bay's lobby from the 4 Season's elevators. The rooms were gorgeous and I can't wait to go back!
4	This is a first class hotel with a quiet atmosphere which is what you want when you are at the crazy busy Mandalay Bay. I was there for a conference and was so glad I chose this hotel instead of staying in the main hotel (which was a zoo).The room was fantastic and they treated our toddler like he was a celebrity. The first night they even had a cookie with his name on the plate in M&M's which thrilled him to no end.Everything was fantastic about this place - EXCEPT the concierge which was HORRIFICALLY bad! We came by at 7:00 PM and they already had a sign saying they were closed (in September during a busy conference with 100% occupancy). When I asked the front desk person (who was very helpful) about this he said they should be open and escorted me over there. He opened the back door to get the concierge and she yelled at him. He asked me to wait a moment and then later a man who appeared to be the manager tried to get her and she screams loud enough for the whole lobby to hear "I'M ON THE PHONE" with what seemed to be a social call as she was laughing a lot while talking. After a 30 minute wait she never showed up and I left. It really soured what was otherwise a fantastic hotel experience. After our stay we switched to the Bellagio for the last part of our trip (planned - we just wanted to try two hotels). The Four Seasons took my wife and son to the Bellagio in a Black Mercedes S-Class like they were royalty which got them first class treatment there too. I thought the Bellagio sucked after our Four Seasons experience so I'd stay there again, but I'd plan to do my research without the b*tchy concierge!
3	This review is only for their afternoon tea experience.  I was invited to a tea party at the Four Seasons so I was pretty excited!  I wasn't sure what to wear because I couldn't find a dress code posted online so I had to guess. There isn't really a dress code but just dress nice  . A casual dress or business casual would work. I kind of over did it due to the inspiration boards on pinterest. I had this Alice in Wonderland colored dress that was 50's inspired.  I'm glad I didn't wear a hat!They offer you all types of tea but you only choose one. We all chose different ones so we can test the other tea flavors. There is also a tiered display of tea sandwiches and tea cakes that they bring out for your table. I was a bit dissatisfied with them because one side of the sandwiches had hard bread. It tasted old and stale. The pasteries were okay but nothing spectacular.  The service was wonderful and worthy of Four Seasons but the tea experience I found lacking in qaulity.
5	Truly top notch service. From the bellman to room service. Great experience all around!
5	Its Beverly Hills in Vegas. The only reason Im able to write this review is because the Mandalay Bay overbooked and sent us here. Talk about an upgrade.I was shocked that this was a hotel in Vegas. Once you transfer over from the Mandalay Bay, you are in another world. Most of the other guest looked filthy rich and looked at us like they knew we didnt belong. But we didnt care. The hotel was quiet, free of the constant ringing of slot machines and it didnt smell like air freshner and ciggarettes. Our room was beautifully decorated and we had a great view from the 35th floor. If you want peace, tranquility and class in the middle of all the Vegas madness, come right here.
5	I love love love the Four Seasons here in Vegas. It occupies the 35th to 39th floors in Mandalay Bay. We stay here annually for our company golf tournament, and it has yet to disappoint one bit! The service is always great, from the front desk to the dining staff... wonderful! The rooms are clean and beautifully decorated, and they use L'occitane as their brand of toiletries... Fancy! I also like how we can utilize all of Mandalay Bays ammenities. I love their pools, especially the wave pool! Its super relaxing and always clean because the water is always moving and circulating. We also have a banquet hosted by Four Seasons, and the food and dining staff are always fantastic! One year there was a lot of leftover pizzas, and one of the dining staff was super nice and gave us to-go boxes so we could have a "late night snack" later. BEST hotel to stay at on the Strip!
4	My husband and I were celebrating our 5 year wedding anniversary. We were excited for this trip, so I went ahead and decided to surprise him with a little something.  A few days before our trip, I had called "The Four Seasons" and had arranged to have a bottle of champagne and chocolate covered strawberries to be in our room upon check-in. My husband had no clue that I had done this. The woman I spoke with assured me they would be in our room. As we are checking in, I became more excited to see the look on his face when we walk in. We went up the elevator, walked down the hallway to our room, open the door, and BAM, there is nothing there.I was obviously upset, so I told him what I had planned to surprise him with. I called the front desk, they transferred me over to someone else. And they had no notes on my call I had placed the few days before. They apologized and went ahead and sent up the champagne and strawberries right away (complimentary). The surprise factor just was not there anymore. I was really surprised at the fact that this would happen at this resort.I would like to add that their customer service is over the top. From the time you pull in, to the time you leave. They make sure that everything you need is there, and if it isn't right, they will make a way. After staying here, how can I stay anywhere else?!
5	The friendliest, most gracious staff ever. Fantastic place. They'll take great care of you.
5	We booked this hotel with some hesitation but I have to say I was thoroughly impressed. It feels like a mini venetian, and since it's connected to the other large casino hotel (name currently escapes me, Mandalay? ) it has all the amenities you would want in Vegas. Highly recommend!
5	2014 YELP CHALLENGE - 3/52This hotel is PERFECT!! The entire staff was amazing! We had a complimentary upgrade to the Strip View Room and a honeymoon surprise in our room. The housekeeping made sure our room was serviced around the clock. The concierge and the valet staff helped us out every chance they could get. The room was impeccably clean and so quiet and comfortable. Our view was phenomenal. We ordered in some food from across the street and the delivery guy even mentioned to us that the hotel is his favorite in Vegas! I will DEFINITELY be coming back to stay at the Four Seasons!!
5	Here for a conference with 20 veterinarians.  The luxurious accomodations and warm weather are so welcome after the long cold New England Winter.  Deep soaking tub in room.  It was pretty funny how  check in folks are trained to not bat an eyelash as they offer me an upgrade to a suite for ONLY  $469/night. Ummmm I don't think so.  Excellent service.All are friendly. The work out room is excellent.  The steam room in spa  and all the amenities in the women;s locker room are great.   The price of the spa services was over the top so did not try those out.  I would definitely come back.
5	This gem is by far the best hotel experience in Las Vegas bar none! Occupying the top floors of the Mandalay Bay Hotel, The Four Seasons is unparalleled in friendly service, luxury and amenities.  Our annual girl's trip started with a relaxing poolside light lunch followed by yummy body treatments and steam sauna.  The ambience of the Four Seasons allows you the opportunity to relax yet be within walking distance (all indoors) to a large casino, night clubs and a food court at The Mandalay Bay or The Hotel.  We never needed a taxi other than our ride from the airport.  Each night we were happy to return to our Slice of Heaven hotel and slither between silky sheets & sink into feather down cozy beds.  Equipped with Kuerig coffee makers we didn't need to rush down to the lobby for our morning coffee fix.  The work out facility, poolside foot massages, pool bar and attentive staff all added to our wonderful trip.  Each year we venture to a different LV hotel on the strip but this weekend is worth a repeat in 2015!  Thank you Four Seasons...we're coming back!!
5	This review is a bit delayed so I apologize!!!! Here goes:To start our cross country trip from California to South Carolina, my husband and I wanted to start our trip in style and not only celebrate our big 3000+ mile journey but also my husbands 50th B-day so, I booked our 2 night stay at the Four seasons. When I made the reservations, I mentioned that this was a celebration and the representative told me she would make sure and have a little surprise awaiting my hubby upon arrival.Being an experienced Las Vegas traveler, but never staying at the Four seasons I was very excited and hoping not to be disappointed. Upon arrival, we were greeted by the valet who sweeped us away, took our bags, gave us water and showed us to our NO LINE waiting check-in area. The entrance of this hotel is beautiful, clean and classy. Check-in was a breeze. When arriving at our room, which was a suite, let me just say this was the most amazing, beautiful room I have ever seen let alone stayed in, in Las Vegas. The furnishings, the fabrics, the colors, amenities, bathroom toiletries, etc etc amazing. There is nothing left untouched in luxury here. There was even a K-cup machine in our room with free k-cups daily...seriously? LOVE IT! so, our little suprise arrived shortly after check-in and it was a beautiful plate adorned with a luscious slice of cake that looked too pretty to eat. Also, for "liking" their Facebook page, I also received another chocolate treat. The desserts were delish and well presented.The room easily accomodated visiting with my family who lives in LV in the living room area as it had a lovely couch, 2 chairs, a large TV and a view to make most people swoon. This room BTW was the 1 bedroom suite, sorry don't remember exactly the name but I think that was it.We enjoyed Charlie Palmers one evening and followed our meal with the Michael Jackson Cirque show...AMAZING. Everything was simply top notch. The cafe for breakfast was great. The coffee was some of the best I have ever enjoyed and the service equally impressive. Also enjoyed a drink at the bar one evening which was during happy hour and it was handcrafted nicely and reasonably priced. The pool is cozy, private and well maintained. I didn't see any of the treats being circulated that they advertise such as fruit etc, but they do offer chilled water at your lounge area and the attendants are quick to get your towels and daybeds ready for you to be as lazy as you like.Check-out was smooth, quick and painless.........I wish I could say the same for our remainder of hotels along our 2500+ miles from there ...LOL
4	This hotel has good service. Rooms are clean and they do extra details like folding your phone/computer cords, always refreshing towels, bed and making the room nice looking. Few negatives: the shower is too small. You can't shave your legs in there without getting your hair wet! The water pressure from the shower head is really strong and you can't adjust it :( Few times I didn't remember which way to close the knob and went the wrong way. Almost got burned from the hot water and no room to step aside. Also the shampoo and soap smell very manly. I smell like a men after each shower - kind of annoying. Four Seasons has very small pool compare to the pool at Mandalay Bay hotel. We are going to go there today...The rooms are nicely decorated in French modern style.
5	Wow all I can say about all the services this hotel provides, everything is super professional, the best hotel I stayed so far, will recommend to all of my friends
5	So we stayed here to ring in the new year.  Part of the reason we chose The Four Seasons was because we wanted a lower key new years.  Upon our check out we informed the manager about our stay as there was a problem with the vents. The hotel manager Doug followed up with us and did everything to make it right.  We returned this month where Doug reserved a strip view room as well as checking up on us every so often and including complementary items to ensure our stay was perfect. They more than made up for the problem we had on our first visit! We will go back again.
2	Disappointment #1 - Supposed to get a $100 hotel credit if booking a Deluxe room.  I booked a Deluxe room.  At check in, I was told that special deal had run out even though when I booked it and after, the special still was posted online and I provided a copy of this advertisement.Disappointment #2 - I asked for an early check in.  I know this is not something they are obligated to accommodate, but I explained that I would be driving all night and would GREATLY appreciate an early check in.  We actually got there at around 2:15pm, with no early check in available.  In fact, we were able to check in after 3pm, which is the normal check in time.  Furthermore, our room had not even been finished - we never had the menus to order in-room breakfast, the mini-bar was not restocked, no laundry/shoe shine items available.  By the time we checked in and were resting, the mini-bar person was knocking on the door, yes, my mistake for not putting up my "do not disturb".Disappointment #3 - I was traveling with someone disabled.  I asked to have a room close to the elevators.  Once again, I know this is not an obligation, but we couldn't have been further from the elevators unless we were in the stairwell of the North wing.Disappointment #4 - We were not using the Internet and asked to have the resort fee removed, the woman checking us in obliged.  When checking out, I typically just leave, but this time I wanted to make sure there were no erroneous charges.  As I reviewed the bill and saw the resort fee was once again on the invoice.  At this point, it is pretty frustrating.Disappointment #5 - When our room was cleaned, all of our dirty glassware was removed, but had not been replaced.  Thus we had nothing to drink out of and had no glass to rinse after brushing.Disappointment #6 - Just reviewing my credit card and now there is ANOTHER, additional charge on my card that is erroneous.I will not deny that expectations are higher when staying at accommodations such as Four Seasons, or the Ritz.  I felt that this location did not deliver.On a positive note, the room was very pretty, the valet was fairly expeditious, the pool staff and pool wait staff were accommodating, and they did send up some birthday cake (as we were celebrating our birthdays).  I was on the fence when I booked the Four Seasons, as my previous stay was at the Mandarin.  In retrospect, I think the Mandarin would have been a better fit for us.
5	We arrived early and they got us right in.  The room wasn't exactly what we had requested, and they immediately fixed it and got us into the correct room while we relaxed at the Spa and went to lunch.Room Service menu had plenty of choices, and the food was wonderful as was the staff.  The turn down service and housekeeping was perfect, and the employees were all more than helpful and friendly.The bar in the lobby had a great selection, good service, and a fun yet classy atmosphere.  The pool area was very clean, less crowded and a lot less rowdy than over at Mandalay Bay, and also had great service with good poolside food choices.  Someone wanders through each hour with a treat of some kind...frozen snickers, frozen peppermint patties, a slushie, popsicle, or other concoction.  This was GREAT!  Very impressed with the service poolside.   Charlie Palmer Steakhouse and Verandah Restaurant on site are both fabulous, as is the Spa.We enjoyed our stay here very much and will be back in the future.
5	By far one of the best hotels I have ever stayed at!  The service was amazing, the food was delicious and the staff go above and beyond.  We booked 15 rooms with them for a conference.  They assisted in early check ins, moved people around and even had two real, no pack and play,  cribs!  They were amazing!  Even little baskets with organic shampoo, diapers and lotion.  I can't say enough good things.  Worth every dollar!!!
5	The Four Seasons Hotel rooms are found on the top floor of the Mandalay Bay. You can park free in the Mandalay Bay structure or choose to use the Four Seasons valet, which takes you to the front entrance on the main floor.Upon arriving, valet got our bags right away & delivered them to our rooms. We checked in at the lobby & ended up buying tickets to the Michael Jackson One show. They don't have their own casino. Four Seasons wants you to have complete serenity while you're there. But when it's time to party, just hop in the elevator & exit to MB's casino.The staff was wonderful. The room was amazing. The bed was never ending. And the bathroom was bigger than my room at home! My favorite part of the experience...the gym & spa. They had a limitless number of teas to choose from & plenty of cucumber flavored water for all guests, as well as iced towels. After my workout, I got lost in the "locker room." I ended up finding my way into the steam room. After showering, I got ready in front of a vanity mirror with disposable brushes, mouthwash, creams & bath robes for each guest. The location at the end of the strip is great. It's about a 5-10 minute walk to Aria & the Cosmopolitan. As an added bonus, the Charlie Palmer Steakhouse is by the lobby & the food they serve is amazing! (I'll discuss the food in a later review...all positive.)I was hesitant to remove a star because of the high price, but then again, going to the Four Seasons is like having a luxury weekend getaway/vacation. And you really do get what you pay for...
5	Best place in town when going on a romantic Vegas trip.  Beautiful hotel with friendly, helpful staff.  Easy access to Mandalay Bay casino and hotel.  Very nice private pool with great food and cocktail options.  It's a quiet pool for relaxation, though if you want to head to the lazy river with screaming children you have Mandalay pool access.  The rooms are beautiful but don't lack t typical Vegas flare.  We had a studio suite with a terrific view of entire strip.  Perfect for pre casino cocktails.Four Seasons offers a nice getaway from the crazy/party atmosphere of most other hotels.  Come here with a Cric, today.
5	We wanted to pick a romantic serene location far from the noise of a casino.  This hotel was a great pick.  Our only issue was finding it initially because it's tucked away even the GPS misleads.  However once you arrive, you are greeted by very hospitable staff.  Great customer service.  The hotel is cozy and inviting.  A great start for our first day in Vegas.
3	This location just isn't what it used to be. I think the fault lies more with being in Mandalay bay than the four seasons itself, but poor AC when it's 108? Also the concierge desk was of no help. This was my third stay there and the worst. I booked all of my own tickets and dinners. Stay away until Mandalay finishes construction.
5	stayed here for a business trip for over a week in 2012 and overall the experience was wonderful. In typical Four Seasons fashion the service was impeccable-anything you need they will take care of it or direct you to someone who can. When I was there the rooms were outdated  however they were in the midst of renovating so once the renovation is complete it will be even better. Food is good, pool is small but relaxing and its a nice spot to be considering you don't feel like you are in Vegas when inside the hotel since it is a non casino hotel that is smoke free. With the secret entrance to the Mandalay Bay you're only a door away from the real Vegas. I would definitely recommend this to anyone who wants five star service and a break from the strip.
1	I've stayed here many times over the years and the Four Seasons has always been my first choice, but the number of dogs on the property has seriously gotten out of control. On my recent stay I could almost literally not get on the elevator without someone's little yapper trying to bite my ankles, and I almost never walked down the main hall to the lobby without one or more dogs being walked in the hallway. It takes the ambience from elegant to trailer park in a hurry. Fortunately there are no shortage of 5-star hotels in Las Vegas to choose from.
5	Is really a top hotel on the strip,,friendly staff and the service is great
2	Meh. Stayed here a couple times and the service was really good, people were friendly.Fast forward one year and they went a bit overboard with arranging and touching my toiletries. I get it. It's a 4 star hotel. They do that kind of thing. Although, you don't really know if they wash their hands after cleaning the bathrooms before they touch your stuff. However, that wasn't the issue.The issue was.. I called Friday night after they did it, to request that they leave my toiletries and make up alone. The person on the phone told me they would put it in my profile that they would not touch my toiletries. Cool. It was in my profile now.Saturday night, I come back with my bf, and not only did they arrange my toiletries and touch them again, they also broke an item.And they didn't tell me they did. This time, I was pissed.It is an irreplaceable item.. and I was not happy. They had to send a manager up to do damage control but of course there was nothing they could do about my broken item. I understand that stuff happens..but they should have let me know they had broken something instead of letting me discover it. I'm disappointed.Tip: They have parking in their own structure but there will most likely be plenty of cars there as well. Best time to park is early morning/afternoon.
4	This hotel is located on the top 4 floors of Mandalay Bay.  My room had a view of the airport.  It was really close and I can see planes landing right in front of me.  The room I got was a King and it was tastefully designed.  Bathroom had soaking tub an desperate shower.  I had a conference In Mandalay Bay so it was a convenient location.  I also chose this hotel to minimize the chances of being bothered by drunk neighbors stumbling into their rooms.  I did have 2 gripes about the hotel.  The layout with the lobby was far from the elevators.  The room to elevator was also a long trek.  Also maid service would knock to turn over my room at least twice during the afternoon and night.  It got kinda annoying.  But it was a comfortable stay and I guess that's what matters.
5	Wonderful property with fabulous staff.  Nothing compares to the high standards of a  Four Seasons.  Can't wait to be back to enjoy the spectacular hospitality.
5	I have been to quite a few 4 seasons in my time.  This was the best service I have ever had.  My son and I came for a couple of days and they were awesome.  They gave him a cookie when he checked in ( it wasn't good but the thought is awesome).  He had his own robe and slippers waiting for him in the room.  A little while later they brought him a bottle of root beer,  some pretzels,  and popcorn.  He felt like a million bucks.  That in itself made it all worth while.  The pool staff seemed super nice every time we walked in.  We never stayed though because of the wave pool at Mandalay.  The valet were top notch and the spa staff was awesome.  I have never had a bad 4 seasons stay but I have now had my best 4 seasons stay.  I will definitely pay extra on my non gambling Vegas trips and stay here in the future.
5	This review is for the Ballroom/Conference centers at the Four Seasons. I was present for the Nevada AAP conference over a Fri/Sat. Conference center was beautiful, clean, and classy. They had a great tea selection and there were silver pitchers of water and clean glasses at every table. The service was very very good - at every break, plates/dirty cups were removed and waters in the conference room was refilled. Food was superb, fresh, and well done. The provided continental breakfast was nice - very good fruit and pastries. The lunch had a good selection of veggies/salad, pasta, beef, salmon and chicken - all of which was of high quality esp for buffet style. Valet was a little slow, but otherwise service was great! There is no "self parking" unless you use the Mandalay Bay parking. Only complaint is that the conference rooms were FREEZING!  I guess that was their way of making sure we didn't nap during the lectures, haha.
5	Excellent staff, beautiful rooms, great service, wonderful pool. No gambling. The best of the best. Restaurants serve excellent food. Charlie Palmer is great. Breakfast at Verandah is wonderful. Guests can also use the pools at Mandalay Bay
5	Love this place! Very clean, beautiful and helpful staff! Five stars for sure!
5	This is the best place to stay in Vegas.#1 the have a Tesla charger!  So great not to have to worry about getting an easy chargeOk, that's just the start, this hotel is the one of the nicest Four Seasons.. and no Casino, unless you want one, then there is a quick access to The Mandalay Bay Check it out, you won't be sorry
5	Candied Pecan infused Manhattan by Ross is a must!!! We picked up The Booze Issue Las Vegas and were drinking our way through town when one of the bartenders referred us to Ross. We are so glad he did. The hours are 3pm - 11pm and Ross is off Wed. and Thur. A Vegas trip is not complete without having his concoction. He said they are opening a Four Seasons in Dubai and I am heading to work in Dubai soon. I sure hope that I can find his drink (and him) there as well. All Smiles!
1	I recently hosted an event onsite at the Four Seasons. I have to say, it was by far the worst experience I've had in my seven years of hosting events for my company. I set the expectations with our rep in regards to AV needs and signage needs in advance. I took the time to tour the space the day before in order to iron out any kinks. Our rep even offered up her cell phone number so that I could reach her in case we encountered any trouble during our event on Sunday night as she would not be onsite. Sunday evening rolls around, and the only people available to help me are the servers and bartender - no onsite event coordinator, and the AV team has gone home for the night. I certainly didn't expect the servers or bartender to be able to help with setting up the event space TVs and sound system, so they did the right thing by calling the manager. The manager claimed to not know how to set up either of our needs, so she didn't bother to come help us. She did, however, decide to come up to the space half an hour later letting us know we could not put directional signage up in the lobby or anywhere outside of our event space. This would have been nice to know upfront seeing as the venue is extremely hard to navigate as-is. Since she decided to make an appearance, we asked about the sound system. She showed us right where we could hook up our iPod to play music, which could have saved us a lot of headache had she decided to show up when we requested her half an hour earlier. On top of all of this, I had called and texted our original rep (who stated she'd be available if we had any issues) and did not receive a response until 11PM - after our event had ended. She also never bothered to ask how the event went. Needless to say, I would sum this review up by saying that the Four Seasons does not have the staff or means to support events. They are disorganized and clearly don't care to follow through once they take your money. I would strongly encourage you look elsewhere as Vegas has no shortage of much better options available.
2	Honestly, I was NOT impressed.  Actually extremely disappointed to say the least!  I had been wanting to stay here and had the chance to last night.  The weather got super windy so I decided it was safe for me to stay an extra night and not fly my plane back home to LA.  I was initially staying at the Mandarin Oriental and switched over to give the Four Seasons a try.  Well I am so sorry that I did.  The people at the front desk were "OK".  You can tell that they were just being fake and could care less about you.  Not to mention they were not informative about the property whatsoever.  They just sent me on my way.  So that was fail a big fail.  Ok, so then I make my way up to the room.  Eh, it was alright.  It was clean and decent.  It looked like it hadn't been updated in forever.  The only great thing about the room was that the bed was super comfy (hence the 2 stars vs. 1).  After I unpacked I made my way down to the pool.  It was nice and everything but the service left little to be desired.  I sat and waited and had to flag down several different people before I could order any food.  After waiting so long for a server, I decided to order their frozen grapes hoping they would come out pretty quickly.  Well it took a good 30 or so minutes to just get grapes!  Which, honestly, were terrible.  After that, I went back up to my room to get ready for dinner because I was still starving.  So I chose to try out their Veranda restaurant (italian).  The food there was fantastic.  My only complaint about my experience is that the server was really pushy and kept trying to sell me the most expensive items on the menu, which was quite annoying.  Ok, so I will just fast forward to later that evening.  At about 9:45pm, I called room service to order dessert and coffee.  I asked the gal if the chocolate cake was warmed and she said yes since it is served with ice cream.  So I agreed to give it a try.  Well, what do you know the cake shows up cold (I find out later that she lied to me and that the cake is NEVER served warm).  Then my pot of coffee I ordered was cold and nasty.  I know exactly what they did.  They took an old pot and diluted it with hot water.  I worked in the hospitality industry for years.  You can't fool me.  For a piece of cake and coffee it was $40.  I was pissed.  So I called and complained.  They said they were brewing me fresh coffee and would bring it up right away.  But I am a HUGE coffee person and it still wasn't good.  Oh well.  I certainly was not ordering any for breakfast.  Now it is Sunday, today, and I was getting ready to check out.  Pulled out my valet ticket and noticed they charge an additional $22 overnight fee just for that!  I am pretty much fuming at this point.  I will NEVER stay here again and I will make sure to tell as many of my friends and family of my terrible experience at this establishment.
5	We came here for my wife's business at the annual MBA conference.  We had traveled separately, and I arrived a few hours before she did.  The reservation was in her name (made by her company), and so they would not let me check in on that reservation, which I understand completely.  Instead, they instantly made a reservation under my name which my wife could merge when she arrived, so the delay in being able to access the room was literally three minutes.  I appreciate staff that knows what they are doing.As I'd had both our luggage when checking in, I'd valet-parked the car while checking in.  I wasn't aware there was a $22/day charge, but it's on the ticket, so the next day after retrieving the car and setting off to visit family, I self-parked at  Mandalay Bay for the remainder of the stay, and the final bill correctly reflected that.  Parking myself also helped get the lay of the land inside Mandalay Bay, since all casinos are designed to be confusing, AFAIC.The room itself was as quiet as any I've ever stayed in:  No street noise, only the occasional voices passing the door, no noise from other rooms.  Nice furnishings, definitely a level above standard hotel rooms.  Very comfortable bed, with down pillows.  The usual, ubiquitous mini-bar, which can be very occasionally useful, but other than one bottle of water (we won't drink Vegas tap water) we used to make coffee in the Keurig, we left it untouched as usual.  We had a north and northwest view, which was - except for the Delano sitting near the middle of it - very good.Housekeeping came by several times a day, but we always put out the "do not disturb" sign unless we really need something, and as a result we got numerous love notes and phone messages reminding us they'd checked on us and would come if we called.  The one day we let them in so we could get new towels, they did rearrange everything on the bathroom sink counter.  Unexpected, but not unacceptable.The staff was invariably polite and helpful.My wife complained that the shower stall didn't drain properly, as the floor isn't sloped the right way (I didn't notice), and that there was no toehold or place to sit when she was shaving her legs.  What I cared about was that the shower stream was quite strong (OK, that's wasteful...but the toilet seems to be low-flow) without stinging and that the temperature adjustment was the best I've ever seen in a hotel (among other places) by not being overly sensitive like so many are, the hot water was instantly hot, and the set temperature and volume never varied in the slightest.  Outstanding!
3	Hotel is beautiful, smaller, excellent service. Food is good, but go out if you want a special dining experience. The pool is my favorite. Small, love the bar service and customer service. Great hotel if you want something smaller and more Intimate without a Casino. Spa is ok, no services stood out to me.
5	Sigh!  What a delicious weekend!  The pool freaking sucks it serious hovers over Mandalay Bay you have no view at all and it's a very tiny pool however the rooms are delightful the bathrooms are perfect in the room service was unbelievable!  So relaxing!!!!!
5	The Four Seasons brand is synonymous with luxury and the Las Vegas hotel doesn't disappoint! The Four Seasons entrance is tucked next to Mandalay bay and has its own private entrance and private elevators that take you to the 4 floors owned by the four seasons (its at the top of the Mandalay tower).  This is the best hotel you could possibly stay in while you're in Vegas hands down. the concierge can get you just about anything you need and are very accommodating. The rooms are HUGE and extremely clean and modern. There is a private pool that also can connect to the Mandalay pool area as well.  You have built in access to everything that Mandalay Bay has to offer come to think of it. You get free admission into the foundation room by House of Blues just by being a guest at the Four Seasons. The view alone is worth the trip, it just might be the best on the strip!Verandah restaurant/bar has one of the best happy hours in Vegas and is a pretty well kept secret. this is not exclusive to the Four Seasons but is located right off the lobby. The breakfast buffet is awesome as well. think of it as a "craft" breakfast. its not the biggest but they have everything you would expect as well as cool things like a make your own donut station and freshly ground peanut butter.  pretty neat!The staff is clearly a cut above the rest of the Vegas staff you would find anywhere on the strip, they are professional and very nice. Overall I would HIGHLY recommend staying here.  It is one of the more expensive options but far and away the best on the strip!
3	Stayed here in July and August while attending conferences. The lobbies are very elegant(loved the flower and fruit arrangements on the tables), but the rooms are only average and ordinary. I was rather disappointed as it was "Four Seasons". I would rather stay at the Venetian.
5	I had heard about how luxurious and wonderful Four Seasons hotels are and I experienced the same during my short stay over here earlier this month. Four Seasons is located in the same tower as the Mandalay Bay (the southernmost building on the strip) , but has its own driveway, private entrance, and elevators. The top few floors are where the rooms are located. The hotel staff was very courteous and provided us with early check-in and late check-out. The rooms were large and very comfortable and luxurious. The view from our room was fantastic. We wanted the view of the desert and it was wonderful to see the mountains in the distance. The other side of the hotel provides a view of the strip and I bet it would be wonderful, considering that this is the southernmost hotel on the strip. The hotel lobby itself was very quiet as there is no casino in Four Seasons. So it was a nice break away from the loud atmosphere of other strip hotels. We were not subjected to perfume bombs or cigarette smoke and could enjoy having a few drinks in peace. This hotel has its own private pool, Jacuzzi, and spa - all of which are wonderful! There is a small restaurant attached to the pool and they provide services - an assortment of sandwiches and drinks -  at your pool chairs. The hotel room service was prompt, and every person whom I interacted with were very nice. We once requested half an half for coffee and three people came up to our room in minutes to give it to us. Overall, it was a memorable short stay and I will definitely stay here again.
5	We booked a room at Mandalay Bay, but we got bumped up to the Four Seasons because they were overbooked. How cool is that?!The room we had was very nice and comfortable, and it had excellent views of the Strip. The staff was very polite and attentive, and they were very accommodating by letting us check in well before check-in time.Very nice place. I wish I could afford to stay there next time I go!
5	Exactly what I expected from The Four Seasons and certainly didn't fail to impress. The hotel is tucked away "neatly" away from the commotion of Mandalay Bay but with a touch of a button in the elevator, you can be in the middle of it all. The rooms were perfect: perfect size, perfectly appointed amenities, perfect bathroom with separate tub and shower, and perfect minibar. This will be my Vegas go-to!
5	Whenever you walk into a Four Seasons, the stress of the world leaves you behind.  From the authentic copper-mugged Moscow Mules at the bar, to the polished stone floors in the lobby, there is always a friendly and welcoming face.When you sit by the lovely and intimate pool, you are immediately greeted by the staff, eager and happy to set up a lounge for you.  Shortly thereafter, a waitress greets you to take your poolside food order.  Food is delivered on a tray across your lap.  The rooms are comfortable, impeccably decorated, and always with amazing views.  I personally prefer the tarmac/mountain view, as I'm an aviation junkie!The ETRO toiletries are excellent and I always leave finding myself refreshed and relaxed. During my last visit, I asked the doorman for a taxi to a restaurant.  He, instead, provided me with the hotel's Audi A8 to take me to my destination.  A very classy touch indeed!My small gripe would be the charge for valet parking.  While I understand that this a resort and a non-gaming hotel, it is still attached to a larger property with ample free parking and free valet.  In an effort to keep an open internet I've decided to sign my name to all my reviews.Best,Adam Koppekin, Attorney at Law, Encino
5	The place is amazing.  It's even better if you go during the winter when the pool is closed.You walk into the reception area and are escorted to check in.  Your room is ready, even though you're checking in hours early.  It just gets better from there.The rooms are very nice, the service is unreal and it is quiet.  Pin drop quiet.  24 hours a day.  We had a tv problem.  20 minutes and it was fixed.  We complained the bed was too hard.  One hour and a pillow top was added.Room service?  Expensive (duh) but prompt and yummy.Our only beefs?  If you're used to the bathrooms in the suites at Mandalay Bay or Venetian, with the huge tubs and showers, you're out of luck.  But the ones at Four Seasons are still decent.  Also, the beds are too hard for us, but we have that problem a lot so it's probably us.  And they charge a mint for valet.Overall, we've stayed at most of the upper scale hotels in Vegas and Four Seasons beats them all easily.  Spring for the one bedroom suite, at least.  You're already spending a lot so why not treat yourself and get a great room in a great hotel?
