1	Nice looking place located in the District at Green Valley Ranch.  Three visits all with inconsistant food quality, and bad service.  I'm not sure what is worse, the level of service or the food quality.  I tend to order the same thing from the menu and each time the Calimari was served differently and the portions were never consistant.  The service is horrible, always training new staff who seem to not have one clue as far as service is concerned.  This place is a glossy version of Chili's for people who don't know any better.
4	I love this place for dinner.  A very nice variety.  Service has always been good for me and the portions are huge.    I would tend to stay away from seafood here though.  I have a rule, if it is not fresh seafood, don't get it.  The chicken dishes are great along with the jumbalaya.  About $40 for a good dinner.
3	The Elephant Bar is located in the district across from Anthropology, and offers a new American dining menu. The interior is a safari motif with huge palm fans and larger than life animal structures. There is a bar off to the left, always full of business types, and if you can find a table, I suggest grabbing it. Sometimes the wait for the main dining area can be close to an hour on a busy weekend evening. The bartenders are usually pretty attentive as well. The shrimp trio platter is a great appetizer, and I always enjoy the fajitas for my main entre. The mixed drinks are seriously amazing. I have never gone wrong with any of them. Don't order wine or beer here. Order their signature drinks. The cute one with the ring of raspberry around the glass is my fave (sorry, I can't remember the name right now, but they will know what your talking about if you decide to order it.) My only complaint is that sometimes the hostesses are a bit...ahem...snooty. But I guess I would be too if my job was to jam pack a million hungry, thirsty patrons in the restaurant every weekend!
3	Not too bad of a place.  A kind of a jungle look inside.  It wasn't too busy for a Sunday.  The server was nice.  The food took a bit longer than I thought I would have.  The food's above average.  My friend ordered a Philly Cheesesteak which I took a bite out of.  Not the greatest Philly Cheese I've eaten, but edible at the least.  I got the Lo'Carb Lemon-Herb chicken which was cooked very well.  My other friend go the Fire-grilled beef tri tip with shrimp.  Not too bad, but I didn't think any of the food was outstanding.  The pricing isn't bad though.  Not a place I'd go out of the way for, but I wouldn't mind stopping by either if I was hungry.
2	Elephant Bar's decor creates a sort of trendier version of Applebee's...if it were set in the jungle.  The service is very friendly and accomodating, and that alone earns them a star.  The food, on the other hand, is just sort of...blah.  No, it wasn't necessarily bad, it was just very bland.My mom and I split the grilled shrimp salad (don't remember what it was called, but I think it was supposed to be Asian-influenced), and the catfish fillet with mango salsa.  The salad was pretty good, but how can you really go wrong with grilled shrimp and salad?  The fish, however, was completely flavorless.  It was like they didn't bother to season it AT ALL - no salt, no pepper, no nothing.  The only time my taste buds had anything to do at all was when I took a bite of fish with the mango salsa (thank goodness for mango salsa!).  The rice wasn't even good.  It was so dry and flavorless, with each grain scattered across the plate trying to escape from one another.  I like my rice fluffy and soft, with just enough moisture for all the grains to want to stick together.To be fair, I wasn't really expecting much from the food here, so I can't say I was terribly disappointed.  Since I live in New York, I probably won't ever return to Elephant Bar.  It's almost funny to me how memorably bland the food was.  Then again, I should have known better, because you can't spell "bland" without B-A-D.
4	Yummy....  after a nice day of shopping at the district. Very Bery yummy
2	I have tried to eat here several times in hopes that it will be tasty.  The location and ambiance make it a desirable place to spend an evening.  Unfortunately, the food is consistently bland (albeit, quite pretty).  They do have killer drinks, so while we have given up on enjoying dinner there, we often hit it for a pre-movie drink on a weekend evening.  Not sure about the wait, we have never noticed it especially busy...Definitely recommend the top shelf LIT, it's only $0.25 more than the well and HUGE.  :)
5	OK The Location is a 10. It is a VERY FAMILY FRIENDLY PLACE. ON PAR WITH OLIVE GARDEN FOR KIDS. I find the food tasty at a VERY reasonable price. The portions are large and the service is prompt. I recommend the salmon and the chips and spinage dip appetizer. Bon Appetite!
2	My family and I came to Elephant Bar on Monday after we didn't feel like waiting 25 minutes to eat at the coffee shop at Green Valley Ranch. No wait at Elephant Bar so it was an easy choice. If I had to rate this experience based solely on my order of sliders, I would have to give them 1.5 stars. Dry little burgers covered with ketchup. ugh. The saving grace were the sweet potato fries which cost 99 cents extra, but was worth it.
1	This place is just awful.   When we got sat outside we had to go inside to find someone to come out and take care of us after patiently waiting fifteen minutes for someone to approach the table.   Our server was absolutely horrible.   Everything took forever and she told us some horrible story about how much she didn't like working there, and how bad things were going in her life.When we complained to the manager about the food taking forever, she said she would take care of it, but then nothing happened.When we finally did get our food, it was borderline gross.  I'm sure it might have tasted a little better if we weren't all completely disgusted with the overall experience to that point.  I tried to find the manager at the end again to give her a summary of how crappy our evening was, but she was no where to be found.I'm usually able to tell if a place is just having a "bad night" but considering that the place was hardly a third full, and nothing went right from start to finish, I have no problem telling everybody and their uncle to stay away.
3	We met my aunt, unlce, dad, step mom, and in-laws there for dinner with our 1 year old along with us.  The place has a family atmosphere, lots and lots of little ones.  The service was quick and courteous.  The food was about what you'd expect from a chain like this:  generous portions, tasty prep (if not inspired), chain-like recipes and menu.  I had ribs and a mojito, which hit the spot.  Plenty of rum, a tad heavy on the lime, plenty of mint.
3	I ate at the Elephant Bar last night for the first time in nearly two years.  I have always liked the bar area, and that is where I usually sit.  The beer prices are pretty high ($5.25 for just a pint!), but much of the menu is now reasonably priced.  I noticed the menu is WAY different than it used to be, with a lot of cheaper options.  I got the Garlic Noodles with Sauteed Shrimp, and it wasn't very good.  It was on par with something you'd get at a cheap Chinese restaurant, but more expensive.  My wife enjoyed her salad, and the service was just fine.It used to be that it was really difficult to find a seat in the bar area on Saturday nights, and you could count on a long wait for a table.  But last night wasn't all that busy, perhaps because the quality of food and service has slipped.  I'm giving it three stars because I used to think that the food here was pretty good, but maybe things have changed.
2	A step or two below Cheesecake Factory. The interior looks more fancy than a Chili's or TGI Fridays. We ate here for lunch over the weekend... I got the sesame chicken stir fry, wife got some sort of salad. The salad didn't have any flavor and was watery. Like they washed the lettuce in the same bowl that it came out in. The sesame chicken was lacking chicken. There were seriously 3 or 4 bites of chicken in the whole thing. The rice and vegetables were decent but I was hoping to actually eat chicken with my chicken dish. The place is kid friendly and my kid liked his quesadilla. His meal included an ice cream sundae in a fried wanton-like shell. So, they get points for that.
2	This place almost sucks. I have never been impressed with the food. It gets really  crowded during happy hour due to food and drink specials. If not for the happy hour, which is not really that good of a deal, I expect this place to be empty and out of business soon. Elephant bar and restaurant is not for me.
2	Kung pao shrimp looked alot better in the picture, everything else is just typical asian fusion. Ordered several dishes(shrimp, macademia nut crusted chicken, stirfry, salad..), the pictures on menu made it look alot better than how it look like in reality and taste wise....not good. Nothing about this restaurant was phenomenal~
4	I went to the Elephant bar this afternoon with my parents for lunch- Well, it was lunch for me but since my parents are in their early 70's now it was actually dinner for them- yes, dinner at 3pm, I know.Anyway, they love this place and have a few favorite dishes they say are delicious and keep them coming back- along with a 20% discount for seniors they get there.My first impressions aside from the place being empty at 3pm was the decor was tasteful and inviting. We had a nice half circle booth.Our waiter showed up immediately and provided very good service throughout the meal.I ordered the "Ultimate bacon cheeseburger" with fries. My parents shared some chicken parmesian medallions with pasta dish which they said was very good. Looked good to me- nice portion size and presentation.My burger was pretty darn good. Half pound patty done medium well with bacon, cheddar and all the usual trimmings. I think they used a slice of sweet vadalia onion which gave a nice sweet note to every bite. Overall a very good burger that I can easily recommend. A nice size serving of seasoned fries were a nice addition to the meal- very crispy hot and tasty.Prices here seemed to be very reasonable as well. My burger was only $8.95 and looking at the menu, most sandwiches were in that range with full dinners mostly under $20. Seriously most of their meals were cheaper than you'd find at a Denny's or similar.I'd definitely give this place another visit. Seems like a good place for a casual date that wouldn't stress your credit card.
1	The service sucked. Waited for a half an hour before we walled out. The one glass of tea I recieved was good though.
1	I really have no idea why it has taken me so long to write a review about this dreadful restaurant, but I think I just don't like people to know I bother with chains sometimes!  I have been here so many times, mostly with my Tuesday dinner posse, but a few times with friends and the bf, and gosh...the service here is sooooooooooo bad!A few general observations: the restaurant does not like to accommodate parties larger than 4....and when you call ahead even, to put 2 tables together takes so long that you get to wait an hour!!! (on a Tuesday no less!)Happy hour prices @the bar: starts at 9 PM so you can't even order a happy hour drink until that very minute...at least give waters while people wait!  Then the portions on the half off stuff is definitely smaller - but that was never divulged (ordering an entree salad and getting a few shrimp instead of 6-8 is a no-no!!)Ohhhh the ironic thing is one night I was not feeling well and craved the only thing I ever order there - the macau shrimp and noodle soup and salmon sushi roll combo....and it was actually bad.  I had to hunt down someone for soy sauce.  My bf laughed at me bc the one night I actually craved elephant bar, it was again terrible and he had wanted to go to Cheesecake Factory.Last night my bf asked, "Do you want to go to elephant bar?" and I told him just thinking about eating there made my skin crawl - he laughed and said he was kidding...so we went to PF Chang's (ahhhh I mentioned 2 other chains in this review).Long story short - don't eat here.  Food is eh (my mom even tried it when she visited me and the French dip is nasty), service is bad, and the hostess doesn't like you.
2	A poor version of Cheesecake Factory (and I don't like Cheesecake Factory - big menu with lots of stuff from all persuasions, none of it rendered well - this place is similar but rendered even less well.)Don't waste your time.
3	'Twas fine. No great shakes.Hadn't been in one before.  Campy but spacious and clean interior.  Liked the booths.  It wasn't very busy (10pm Thurs) but even so the open kitchen was noisy.Prompt friendly service.Veggie burger: mediocre.  Very thin patty.  Provolone cheese option was good. Very hard, dry, thin bun...weird, actually.Seared tuna with Ponzu sauce appie: Fine. Service on this plate has to be fast because it's on the heat for such a short time & if slow, it arrives cold.  It did.Mojito Classic (the cheap one): from a mix with token mint leaves added.  Meh.Cold herb tea ginger drink: good.It got us in out of the cold, fed us but didn't particularly warm us.  Not a destination in our books.
2	I just don't care for this Elephant Bar for some reason, the Elephant Bar in LA tastes alot better than this one. My parents like coming here so on several occations I have tried different things and there wasn't one that I liked.I like how alot of their stuff looks in their menu but once you taste them it's not good. The food is either too salty or too bland, there is never a happy medium between the two. I have never been served something hot-It's funny I see the food ready to serve to us but it's just never hot. I would not come here if I was paying...
4	Although Elephant Bar is a chain restaurant it is one that you shouldn't miss out on a chance to eat.   They are constantly updating the menu and offering seasonal and holiday centered promotions.  I'm a huge fan of this location because it is easy to get to and is never too busy to handle.  The staff at this location is awesome and they really go out of your way to make sure that you are attended to.   It's definitely a place you could take your kids to.   My eight year-old had a great time.   Of the many restaurants in GVR I find this one to be one of my favorites.  It is very reasonable and portions are never an issue.
4	Wow, didn't see the bad reviews until I was looking it up on Yelp when I was already there waiting to be seated lol.The hostesses were a definite fail. They took a couple of minutes to even look up to greet us. Took another minute for them to even take our names down.We were seated next to a large party of high schoolers heading to their homecoming or something. They were loud and boisterous but thank god they left about 10 mins after we were seated.Our waiter Tom, was very nice and enthusiastic. I was quite surprised after reading on Yelp that this location's service sucked. I got the jambalaya and it was pretty good. The shrimp was cooked perfectly.. but definitely not spicy enough. The brown rice was kind of on the dry side. The boyfriend got the misoyaki salmon and to be honest.. it looked a hell of a lot better on the menu! The bf's mom got the french onion soup and sweet potato fries. The fries were really good!I got a drink called Road to Lahaina. It was pretty damn good. It had mango puree and some pineapple juice with captain morgan. (MY FAVE!) :)Overall, pretty good food and the service was not too bad either.
3	My wife's friend wanted to celebrate her birthday at Elephant Bar Restaurant.  This was our first time here.Location and atmosphere.. The web page does not mention the Anthem address.  It was difficult to find.  By the way, it is NOT in the Green Valley Casino.  It is actually 2 blocks down in a mall call the DISTRICT.  Next to the District is a cinema.  Parking is about 150 yards or so away.  I wish it was better lit.  The restaurant is pretty nice (a bit noisy).  It has some type of African theme.  I give this a 3.5 stars.Service -- our waittress was pretty nice and busy.  We had 3-4 people waiting on us (water, food, etc...).Food -- well, the menu is kinda all over the place... surf and turf and asian fusion.  This kinda sprung a red light.  Sometimes, when a restaurant has too much variety, it can lower the quality of food.  We ordered the Grand Sampler.  It was pretty good.  The coconut shrimp was tasty hot, chicken fingers were okay, and the spinach dip was actually pretty good.  I ordered the Kono combo - ribs, chicken, and skewered shrimp.  The ribs were tender and very good, shrimp was a bit over cooked (being a seafood lover, first time that I could not eat or finish all the shrimp), and the chicken was awful -- it was dried and rubbery.  I bet the chicken was NUKED in the microwave.  I only took two bites too many from the chicken.  My wife had the Ahi Shashimi.  The shashimi was decent; however, the rice layers and veggies was not very good.  She did not touch that. As for drinks, I had the Jungle Colada.  I think this was the best part of the meal.  Overall, I give the food a very LOW 3 or a high 2.  Overall, for 5 of us, 1 large appetizers, drinks, and 5 entrees, the bill ran to about $165 (excluding tips).  Because of the service and atmosphere, this gets a 3.  It could have been lower.  Note:  if you like this type of food (surf and turf), I think a better alternative would be a Red Lobster.
3	Good place to go for casual dining.  Location: The District near Green Valley Resort Casino (not in the casino)At the end of the The District - a small outdoor mall with several different types of stores including Hallmark, REI, The Walking Store, Anne Taylor Loft, among several othersBar: has several TVs .. good spot for watching sports.... and some really good looking drinks.  I ordered a non-alcoholic beverage for lunch... a Green Tea Ginger Spritzer... it was horrible and I will not order it again.  But the other drinks look really tasty.Menu: Really good selection of all types of different foods, does have a slant towards asian-fusion type foodsFood: I've been there before and enjoyed what I ate... this trip was the exception... ordered the Chicken Lettuce wraps and it didn't have much flavor and the sauce didn't help, won't be ordering it againService: 3 stars... not stellar, not horribleAmbiance: Casual and a bit loud when the restaurant is full, but it's a good place to enjoy an easy night out with friends without breaking the bank
3	This place is alright! Not really fond of this Resturant but I'll still eat at this chain establishment. Don't really have any complaints.
5	Happy hour was great. They have excellent beer on tap.  The burger was freaking outstanding! Good proportion of meat to bun.  Unless you want ginger to be coming put of the pores in your skin don't eat the lettuce wraps.  The service at the bar definitely 5 stars. I will be going back for sure.
3	We went here for my little brothers birthday last night and the food was pretty good i had the tofu stirfry wich was alright although the meatball sandwich my sister had was really small she said she had orderd it before and it was bigger maybe they are cutting portions,The biggest dissapointments for me were the waitress would not shut up She just kept talking and talking whenever she came by and i am trying to watch my calories so i got the stirfry thinking it was healthy lol!! and without the brown rice (that i ate) i later found out my stirfry was 1180 Calories!!! ahhh not a healthy place to eat when your watching your calories. about 40$ for four of us without drinks.
3	The food was pretty good.  i got the BBQ "sampler plate" and the wife got the Ahi Tuna.  The tuna was pretty good and sushi grade.  I liked the variety that was given on the sampler plate and it defiantly was a good amount of food.  The rice on the tuna was eh. They apparently season it with vinegar which I and my wife did not like.   The Mac and Cheese was stale tasting like it was made early in the day was put in the fridge and then microwaved.  The waiter agreed about that but didnt take it off the bill.  There are a lot of food choices here so there should not be a problem feeding a small or large group or even kids. We would giv eit a second chance.
3	This place was so packed !!! wall to wall tables!!! great service! but if you step out of your booth, you might get ran over by a server!!!Over all , the food and drink was good!!! Coconut prawns were awesome!
3	We stopped here before going inside the casino for lunch.  I had the tomato soup with salad and garlic bread.  It was good for lunch.
3	Elephant Bar is one of those restaurants where I would only go to during happy hour. There are a few stipulations, so pay attention. Happy hour deals only apply if you sit at the bar. They have two set times, Monday through Friday from 3pm to 7pm and another one everyday from 9pm to close. The bartender does not make chit-chat, but she got the job done. With running a bar and the dining area surrounding it, I cannot hold it against her.The drinks range from two dollars for non-alcoholic cocktails to six dollar specialty drinks. If you like well drinks then they will run you three dollars. The food runs from three to six dollars. The most expensive appetizers are the coconut shrimp and the seared ahi tuna. Both dishes are worth the price. If they cost more, I might not have thought so. The ahi tuna comes with a refreshing salad consisting of bitter greens, sprouts, cucumbers, carrots, and topped with seaweed salad. It is accompanied by ponzu sauce. Without that, or soy sauce, the dish would be on the dry side. I love raw ahi, so the texture of the seared outside could be the reason for my complaint. We also got an order of the sweet potato fries. They are nothing out of the ordinary. Crisp, not greasy, but lacked a contrast. It needed a light dusting of sea salt and a tangy sauce to give a more bold flavor. Bachi Burger offers the best version of this tuber for that exact reason.
3	I went here with friends for dinner, and managed to make it just in time (5 minutes before 7pm) for Happy Hour at the bar. We sat at a booth which is technically still part of the bar, so we were able to sit comfortably and still enjoy Happy Hour prices. Plus 1 star! Our server was friendly and did a fantastic job. Plus another star!However, what doesn't deserve a lot of stars is the food. The food is average, nothing to rave about. We ordered the following appetizers:Sweet Potato Fries- Not crispy enoughQuick-Fried Soy-Ginger Calamari- Needed a few more minutes in the deep fryer as the thick calamari pieces were soggy. I love calamari, but Elephant Bar's rendition of my favorite dish wasn't something I loved. Warm & Spicy Artichoke Dip- Average dip and average chips. I enjoyed the chips more than I enjoyed the dip. Quick Seared Ahi Tuna- I enjoyed the pieces of peppered tuna over a bed of mixed greens dressed with a soy/sesame oil concoction. One of the better appetizers of the night.  Vietnamese Shrimp Spring Rolls- Not good at all. The rice wrapper was soggy and the filling (especially the shrimp) was boring and sparse. The mango/bell pepper/lettuce salad had an unusual cilantro-y dressing that was way too sweet. Tempura Salmon Roll- The best appetizer of the night. Teriyaki salmon wrapped up in rice and nori, and then deep fried in a light tempura batter. Crunchy, soft, and delicious. It's hard to believe that out of all those appetizers, only one left a good impression on me. Elephant Bar isn't my first choice when I'm in the neighborhood hungry.
3	The service here was really friendly, but on the slow side. I ordered the chicken teriyaki, and it was just OK. The chicken wasn't bad, but wasn't great, either. The rice was flavorless. My dad ordered the pastrami sandwich and loved it, though. I don't live in the area, but am there often, so if I have an occasion to go back to Elephant Bar, I'd be fine doing so, but I'd order something else.
3	Atmophere, service and drinks were very good, but food needs improvement. My husband  really liked the Macadamia Nut Crusted Mahi-Mahi.  The crust was perfectly crips, but in my opinion the sauce was kind of bland, almost no hints of tamarind (as the menu says).  The brown rice was that - just plain rice.I ordered the Pan Braised Rock Sugar Beef With Pappardelle Noodles - the beef was very though and dry, the sauce was just good but nothing exciting.  The manager kindly offered to give me something else, so I ordered the Fire-Grilled Lemon Garlic Chicken Breast but the chicken was chewy and though, the sauce was good, the mashed potatoes were salty, the vegetables were bland.Even though service was very good and they did not charge me for the two plates I ordered, I am not comming back.
3	Food is mediocre, nothing so special where I would crave it, but they are good for happy hour where the prices drop down on both appetizers and alcohol a the bar.  Many people enjoy them because the food is varied, so it is good for large groups.  The location in the district makes it a good location for special events as well.
4	Always great for kids. Using the mail coupons is a very cost saving option. Happy hours also lend great prices.I have to say, even though it is a chain, the food has always been tasty. We've eaten here probably 10-15 times. As a good standby item that's inexpensive and fast, the coconut shrimp appetizer is pretty spot on. For something heavier, the lamb shank is also a win. I gave it only 4 stars because the service always leaves something to be desired. It's not the servers per se, but we have had to wait for a table sometimes when there was no one waiting, and plenty of tables open. Also have seen management staff speaking unprofessionally at times to other staff, within earshot of patrons.
3	The food is not memorable, but the drinks are yummy.  My recommendation is to hit the bar only or for happy hour!
1	I wish I didn't have to even put one star. We walked into a non busy restaurant. There were tables open everywhere. Yet we received a buzzer and was told I'd be sat momentarily. Once sat at our table, we were greeted by an extremely energetic waiter that spoke a mile a minute that thought he needed to emphasize that everything was AWESOME. (including my side of avocado that he dropped off later during service) Once we ordered our cocktails I realized it was super cold in the restaurant. So we asked to be re-sat outside. (which 5 min later two other ladies complained and did the same thing). My boyfriend and I started with the "sashimi" grade tuna appetizer. The tuna was warm, chewy and grainy. GROSS! So we quickly returned the item in fear for food poisoning. We then replaced it with the spinach and artichoke dip. How could you go wrong with cheese dip?? Blagggh! The cheese was awful and we dug around the dip to find ONE artichoke! So, we wanted to be nice and just pushed it to the side. Shortly after, our salad came out. We were excited to eat the salad because it actually looked appetizing. BUT, we received no silverware. So as we waited for our super speedy awesome waiter to come back to ask for silverware, our burger arrived. Aggggh! So now I have a hot burger that I need to eat and no time at all to eat my salad. As my boyfriend is putting on the jalepeno relish he finds a piece of paper in the relish. Geeezus! So by then we were irritated and asked for a manager. They comp'd our meal but, crappy waiter, REALLY crappy food. Won't ever be back.
2	Always intrigued by the name, but there's really nothing special about Elephant Bar. I didn't like the mix of food themes and cultures, because to me it says, "we don't specialize in anything, so we'll just give you a variety of what we THINK you'll like." not much of a stand out off-the-Strip-restaurant.
2	I've been here before and thought it was okay, but we have never gone back because it wasn't worth it.I wouldn't have gone this time but a group of friends wanted to get together, and they picked Elephant Bar. I almost didn't go, but I was willing to take one for the team in order to see some friends.Drinks are okay but pricey. Staff was really pleasant and handled our large table beautifully.We shared some Seared Ahi Tuna apps, it was a little dry and not quality but it was edible. I ordered the Crispy Orange Shrimp with rice, the flavor was there but the shrimp were not crispy, and the rice was bad...I can tell it's been sitting in a container drying out and clumping. Yuck. My husband got the NY Steak sandwich, (it doesn't come with a top bun) and about 10 fries. He ate it and said it was okay, not the best he had but he would eat it again.Oh well, third time will not be the charm unless they drag me in there kicking and screaming.
3	Let's start from the top - the decor is nice. It's comfortable, clean and has a consistent theme.Service...attentive though a little...awkward. He seemed to want to be our buddy a little too much. Don't get me wrong, he got our orders right, was prompt, refilled our drinks, even ASKED if he could refill my iced tea, which I appreciated, but somehow seemed a little incongruent to the restaurant.  Hard to explain. He may have been new there as he wasn't expert on the menu. Still...A for effort.  He did a good job trying to encourage us for dessert (which we ultimately declined).The food was fine. I had the Philly Cheese Steak. Portion size was good, may have been slightly under-seasoned. French fries were quite good.  Good value for money.I thought it was curious that they served burgers and sandwiches...and asian/wok cuisine.  I was briefly tempted to add a side of fried rice to my Philly but ultimately passed.There is no breakfast menu.
3	Their Happy Hour is good ;)
1	My husband and I went here for what we consider a late dinner it was around 7pm. Our experience had made me make a yelp account and write a review I am not a avid yelper but I was just appalled with our service here, We went because very close to were we live. My husband and I got sat very quickly and the restaurant had not been busy. It took us about 5 minutes to even get a server to greet us. Once we got our drink ten minutes later we ordered a Niu, Niu Coconut Fried Shrimp Skewers they we less than delicious. We had a hard time finding our server to even tell that we weren't happy with appetizer. Our entrees were brought out by the food runner we had asked him to please get our server because our drinks had not been refilled by anyone and we had no seen our server since we had ordered our food. Our entrees were also not very unappetizing. My husband is a Chef and works at a Michelin Star restaurant so we know good food he has been cooking for 12 years. We have eaten out plenty of times and have never received such a bad experience from all aspect of dining out. We had at the end of the evening has quietly paid our bill and left and never plan to return. We had contemplated calling the manager and telling them about the service however we refrained from doing so because we did not want them to think that we just wanted our food free which unfortunately some people do when ever dining out.  This is why I wrote this review for future people who plan to eat here.  I hope that this restaurant does improve their food and service in the future.
3	I came here for a company function and had some appetizers. The food was above average but the flavors were impressive for the type of restaurant it was. What I find confusing was that the decor and menu didn't match. The menu had Chinese, Thai, and american food but the decor was an African safari theme. What I enjoyed the most were their ribs. For not being a BBQ place their ribs were very good. It had a good amount of smoke, spice, and sweetness. The rest of the food I had was just OK. The service was kinda slow and my waitress did not know what she had on tap. To me, if you're going to assign a person to a party, you better make sure she know's what types of beers you have unless you're a beer garden then it's ok not to remember everything. Also, I noticed that there were Asian cooks so that's a good sign that the Asian food might be good. Overall, I would come back to hang out at the bar and eat the ribs.
4	The night I was at  this location with a party of eight we receive great service. Food was fresh and was at our table in adequent amount of time. Ordered two rounds of drinks along with soft drinks for the entire table. Drinks strong and good, food nice and hot service a thumbs up I will be back thank you
3	Decent for what it is - Solid 3 Stars!Elephant Bar is a chain restaurant that caters to "Global Cuisine".  Atmosphere seems as if you're on a safari, dim lighting and animal-esque motifs surrounding you. Came here for lunch with my grandma (FYI = if you're a senior, you can sign up for their discount program, allowing you to get 20% off your bill!) because she was craving their "LETTUCE WRAPS", which I must say was decent. For those of you on a diet or just watching what you eat, they offer a "lighter side" on their menu options. I don't understand why this section of the menu is placed towards the back where the desserts and beverages are listed. Oh well! I had opted for the Quick Seared Ahi Tuna Salad (in their lighter side menu) which was quite filling for a huge plate of salad! My Ahi Tuna was cooked just right. Service here was great! I wasn't ignored, yet smothered. Overall, the food is okay. Nothing "OMG" about, but decent for the price you pay.Nonetheless, only going here if my grandma want's to go. Or if I have friends that feel like going to the bar!
4	Went here looking for a new place to eat for date night. What I found was not was I expected in either atmosphere or service. The place is perfect for a nice dinner out, we sat for over an hour and it felt like 20 minutes, the feel, lighting and service was above what I expected. Our waitress was great; Lucy acted like we were her only customers even though there were plenty of full tables in her area. I never had to ask for a refill on my drink, as soon as I was close to empty she was bringing another to the table, she suggested her favorite dishes in all categories and was polite and attentive throughout the meal but not overbearing. I will definitely come back to this place again.
4	Okay, i'm not usually into writing reviews for chain restuarants but i felt i may as well since it seems a number of others have less than great reviews for this joint.  First, this verision of Elephant Bar is not a well kept as the others in the system (kind o beat up furnature, fixutres, etc)...as somebody who travels a bit for trade shows I've dined in a few in Californa (LA and Oakland)...Food is pretty much spot on and the drinks are always welcome.  Happy Hour is a plus...however this was the first time dining here in my home town...A few industry folks met for lunch here and had a nice experience - mainly because of our server...Cynthia (dark hair, kinda short) was wonderful and handled our myriad speical requests with ease...some of us can be quite a pain (dietary stuff, hold this, extra that) and demanding (refills please!)...anyway - she was great, funny, cute and quick to help.  Food was pretty decent (as usual), we ordered a few aps - fried shrimp and all had entrees (I had mahi fish and chips how can you go wrong)...our server was also good at getting us into cocktails -thankfully becuase i really wanted one but was waiting to see if the others dove in - she made it happen!Anyhow...overall a fun lunch that turned into an afternoon...and happy hour time!
4	Came for the Happy Hour Special. Drinks were tasty and the dessert was really good.
3	This was the first time we ate at this location (been to the DC, CA in Serramonte, on several occasions). I'd say 3.5 stars. The nervous server was new at this, and you could tell, because he kept messing up our order. Ok, after he admitted it, we felt bad for him, so we didn't want to give him a hard time. What I ordered was very good: the smokehouse sandwich, chicken, lettuce, tomato, BBQ sauce, cheese, and onion strings on a bun (similar to Red Robin). It was a little messy, though. I usually hate messy, but it was so good, I dismissed it. My husband ordered the Philly but found the peppers were a little too spicy for him (he asked the server before ordering, if the peppers were mild or hot), so we ended up splitting. I didn't taste it until I ditched some of the bread. My FIL also ordered the Philly without mushrooms and hot peppers, and didn't like the heat, either, but ate it anyway, because he thought he could ignore it, if he ate it fast enough. His wife, had the Pastrami on a roll; it came with coleslaw but it wasn't overleaded with it, and the meat was lean, too. We also ordered the appetizer combo, which came after our entrees: artichoke and spinach dip with chips, chicken tenders (panko), shrimp (also in panko), and bruschetta slices. I didn't like the dip, it was overly thick for me, but my husband and my FIL dug in. The shrimp and chicken was really good, but everything was getting a little too heavy for me. I had to stop eating. I like the ambiance (fun jungle theme), the food concept (world fusion), and the circular bar in the middle front of the dining area. This place was busy; there was a steady influx of patrons. It's a popular place.  Maybe our experience might have been better if our server wasn't so new; he did apologize, though. My FIL and his wife had eaten here a couple years back, and didn't like it. My husband and I thought the one in Daly City was better.
2	HORRIBLE SERVICE.The waitress was verbally slapping me, all I did was ask for a water and a Coke.. she said why do you need two drinks?  Like what are you even asking for? My buddy decided he was susho rolls she said you know we have burgers and actual food!  She was awful!!  but the food picked up some of the slack!
3	Some friends and I came here recently for a little late lunch. It was a warm but breezy afternoon and we sat outside. I really liked the area- it's right across from Green Valley Ranch in one of those village-looking outdoor shopping centers.  This means the surroundings were pleasant to look at and there wasn't a ton of car traffic. I can't say I was impressed by what I ate.  I had salmon sushi and it wasn't all that. To be fair, I'm not a fan of warm sushi. Room temperature is good for me, but at least the salmon was freshly cooked, right?  I ordered a wedge salad and was sorely disappointed to the point of not even eating all of it.  Heck, I can hack a head of iceberg lettuce in half and throw some blue cheese next to it for much cheaper.  Not worth the price.  My meal was actually not memorable.  Would I come back? I would definitely give it another try because the service was nice and the surroundings were pleasant. I'd like to try the dining room, as it looked nicely put together.  I hope the food is worth it!
1	My boyfriend and i decided to try out this place because he had a good experience at a location out of state. We went in for happy hour and we were excited about it because the happy hour menu had a nice variety of things to try.Lets start with drinks - First round I had the Raspberry Lemon Drop Martini and it was really good. My boyfriend had the Mojito and it was good also. Second round i had the Sangria Blanco and it was AWFUL. It tasted like watered down sprite with a couple of fruits in it. Food - We had the Tempura Salmon Roll, Calamari, Artichoke Dip. The Salmon Roll was so gross and spongy tasting. I mean, i think i deserve that for ordering something like that outside of a sushi spot. The Calamari was just OK. Definitely nothing special. The Artichoke Dip was really watery, I'm not use to my artichoke dip being like that. We even let it cool, and it still stayed pretty watery. So, you figure we would of just gave up after three strikes, but my boyfriend was still hungry and so he ordered the pretzels. It was a little burnt, but it was okay. Can't go too wrong with a pretzel. It seems like we weren't the only people that didn't care too much for the food because we saw some people in the dining room send back their food.At the end when we paid, we got our bill back with someone elses credit card. A mistake of course, but we made sure to keep our receipt just in case. I really wanted this to be on my list of great happy hours because the menu for happy hour has so much, which is nice....but it didn't make and has been kicked off my HH list. My boyfriend and i definitely won't be going back.
3	I just stopped by here for drinks.The bartender was good and the drinks were decent.The partially separate restaurant is huge.  I would say just judging by appearances this is a high end Applebee's.
4	I luv the mac n cheese here!Always get really good service here.Happy hour is awesome.
4	We love going to the Bar for their happy hour.  food is great  drinks are affordable  and all the servers are very nice especially Christina shez da bomb. Most of the bad reviews seem like they are from the restaurant side. their non happy hr time is only from 7-9 small window. get the happy hr burger , buffalo wings, or samon roll , mm mm
4	Lest some readers of this review think that I've suddenly lost my touch or perspective, I can only say in my defense that I have seen the woefully low overall Yelp rating for this establishment and read many of the low-rated reviews, but must nevertheless ignore them and honestly report on my recent trip to the Elephant Bar.   I don't know whether I had an atypical dining experience, or if Elephant Bar staff took heed to recited complaints and improved their food and service, or if other reviewers just encountered a bad day there, but my overall experience was enjoyable, and all dishes I sampled were tasty.  I began with very good Macau Shrimp Noodle Soup, sporting mushrooms, green onions, white onions, bok choy, and fairly large shrimp in a lightly spicy broth.  It was an unusual and interesting Asian-flavored dish.  For my entree, I selected Chicken Marsala, which included a nicely grilled chicken breast, pappardelle noodles, and a mild traditional Marsala Sauce, accompanied by a good cooked tomato half and sauteed spinach.  It was a filling and satisfying display.For dessert, what turned out to be a very big order of Strawberry Shortcake tasted good but I could have done without the thin Strawberry Sauce.  I also tried a friend's Creme Brulee, and it was very good.Service was friendly and on the whole very efficient.  Food and drink orders were correctly fulfilled.  But entrees arrived a little early after appetizers and soup.  And, on the initial bill the server had forgotten to credit Senior Explorer card discounts.  This oversight was quickly corrected.  Judging by this one personal encounter with the Elephant Bar situated in Henderson, and several previous good dining outcomes I have experienced at Elephant Bar restaurants throughout Southern California, I expect to return here fairly soon for other fare, like the tantalizing Chicken Lettuce Wraps with glistening moist bits of chicken, diced water chestnuts, unblemished green shells of lettuce, and peanut sauce that one of my tablemates simply was not willing to share.  Boo!  Hiss!
4	I am quite shocked at how low of a review the Elephant Bar got on yelp  (Agreeing with Dennis T who also made the same comment).  It's pretty much your typical American restaurant and I am going to compare this restaurant to other American restaurants I have been to!  That's pretty much how it goes right?  I mean I cannot be comparing this restaurant to...let's say...Buchon at the Venetian....cause that's just ridiculous!  Being an American non-fine-dining restaurant, this is a great place to go with friends!  If it wasn't for the gift certificate I got, I may not even have stopped in here to dine at all!  It must have been fate! ;-) They have an awesome happy hour special!  Great food and drinks!  And on top of that our waitress was awesome!  Loved her!  Made some great recommendations and my friends and I all had a great time!  I pretty much tried all of the appetizers on the happy hour menu and I cannot remember any of them being disappointing...in fact I wanted more!  We even ordered the Jambalya, which was decent!  It could have been more spicier to give it that southern kick, but the flavor was there!  If you are in the Green Valley area and is looking for a place to have a good time during happy hour, check this place out!  Good food, good drinks, sounds like HAPPY hour to me! =)
1	Great decor. Smells awesome from the street.....That's about it. The menus were covered in a film of grease and crumbs...turned me off immediately. Mediocre food, honestly... I'm not even a fan of Applebees and I could have gotten a better meal there! The drink I ordered was a hot mess, filled with wilted and brown mint leaves. Glad I tried it because I am in the area often and I always wondered,....but I would never go again! Don't be fooled by the nice location!
2	This place was nothing fantastic. We started with spring rolls and they were average. Then I had the Pacific Cove salad, which was a little too fishy and I am not sure I liked how each item was segregated on the plate. The crab and shrimp seemed like they were just pulled from the freezer. Everything was just okay. For the money it wasn't worth it. The atmosphere was nothing special either... just another regular chain-like setting.
3	Excellent food very over the top pretentious gay waiters
3	Since joining the HR family at my job, they thought it fitting to have a welcome lunch.  We decided on Elephant Bar.  The place is full of dramatic statues of African animals: giraffes and of course, elephants.  It's covered with trees and makes you feel like you're in a small safari.  After a few minutes of waiting, we were sat by the kitchen.  Above our table, the air condition ducts were dripping of condensation.  Too bad it was right above where I was seated, so my entire place on the table was dripping wet.  First thought about their menu: a lot going on, kinda like Cheesecake Factory.  On this day, I got the Santa Barbara burger.  They cooked it medium for me and was seasoned great!  The avocado was what sealed the deal for this burger.  SOOOO good and juicy!  I also loved the zebra print wrapper the burger came in.  With the burger, there was side choices you could choose from.  I chose the caesar salad.  One piece of advice: Don't get crazy with the cheese!  I love cheese, but the parmasean cheese on this salad was just too much!Out of the 5 years I've been in Vegas, I've only been to Elephant Bar 3 times.  This was my first time dining here.  It was an ok experience, however, I'm curious to try the Macadamia crusted fish and chips, so you best believe I will be back!
1	Why did The Cheesecake Factory change their name? Because this is just a really poor imitation of it. It was really busy when I met a friend there one evening for drinks, but managed to snag a couple of seats at the bar. I barely saw the rest of the restaurant and only going to and from the bathroom (where I almost killed myself on their weird flooring leading to it - watch out in heels). It really did just seem like an old take on TCF or some other chain that you really don't want to spend an evening drinking in.The service is dismal. I know I'm at a bar and that I expect to be served drinks. How dare I! If your thing is being ignored right in front of the bartender's face then you will dig this joint. We practically begged to get served. It was really not nice. Not only am I in a crowded bar without enough room to move, but I'm also not getting drinks to soothe my frazzled nerves OR getting a menu OR water. I suppose I'm there to serve as a warning to other people who might think this is a good idea.We ordered food which was so forgettable I've forgotten what it was. Not to beat a dead horse, but think TCF without the taste. Had I been the one paying I would have expressed my unhappiness in the form of a 10% tip (and that would have been a seriously good tip since, you know, I was trying To Insure Prompt Service and failed), but the guy I was with was nicer than I was. Well, I have an idea, so I don't have to worry about that again I just won't go back.
5	Had a great dinner at Elephant Bar last night! Got a coupon in the mail for 2 meals and an appetizer for $20! While they did limit the  selections you could get with the coupon, we were happy with the choices so it worked out fine.Food was delicious and the service was fantastic! Waitress was very attentive and polite.Location was a plus too! Had a lovely walk around The District shops afterward. All and all, a hands down 5 stars!
1	Sunday evenings must be the day they schedule employees who have performance issues to work. Server was slow and seemed to be in a bad mood, chicken I ordered had strange metallic taste. Nicely asked for it to be sent back and the server said, "well it is Moroccan" and while removing the plate, did not even try to hide her annoyance. Next time will go to another District restaurant,
5	Great food and service!! Krista worked on Thursday night and was quite attentive and never an empty drink!!! Great service!!! She is a keeper
5	I have been wanting to try this place for a LONG time. So long that I forgot all about it. But, recently it came up again, and I was really excited to go.First of all, I will admit that what initially caught my eye about the place was the name. I love elephants...this is The Elephant Bar...what can be bad??My husband and I were were meeting a group, and we arrived early so we sat in the bar and ordered drinks while we waited. There were 2 bartenders working and both of them (at different times) greeted us and made menu suggestions. I was impressed because the bar area was pretty full.When it came time for dinner, Lisa was our server, and she was awesome. Sometimes when you dine in a group the service suffers, but not here, she was even on top of refills. Again, I was impressed.The restaurant itself was nice enough. Other yelpers have pretty much nailed the decor.I ordered the Mongolian Beef w/o mushrooms and hot peppers. It was fabulous AND they didn't mess up my special request!! I gave it an A. My husband ordered the Ribeye Sandwich & the Mac N' Cheese. The Mac N' Cheese was visibly dry, but overall he gave it a B+.Others in our group ordered the pear salad, which looked beautiful, the Orange Chicken which I was told "was good, but not very orange-y".My only regret is that I did not leave room for dessert!! Some of them looked pretty amazing!!Overall, I was not disappointed with The Elephant Bar. I was most impressed with the great service, but the food was very good too. I am rarely in the Green Valley area, but I would definitely dine here again.
4	Always a solid staple for me & the wife when in the area. Consistently good service, a wide enough selection on the menu and this last visit we were lucky enough to shave a few bucks off the tab by hitting during happy hour for discounted cocktails - and we do like our cocktails!  Used to live close by this location but have since moved to other side of town. Still get the same experience today when in the neighborhood that I did back when I lived nearby - a very good meal at reasonable prices with friendly and quick service.  Nothing so spectacular that it deserves five stars, but a solid four is well earned every time we go.  Looking forward to next time!
1	First off, anyone who knows me would be SHOCKED that I would go to a chain let alone this place but I got a gift card for Christmas so I thought I would go use it up last night. So I go in and it all started off ok. Bartender seemed nice enough. Bourbon selection was what you could expect from a place like this so I got myself a Maker's on the rocks and perused the menu. Since I wasn't paying I figured I'd order a nice big meal and relax for a bit. When the bartender came over I started ordering but I only got out the appetizer (Edamame) and Salad (Pear Gorgonzola) when she started walking off. I had to get her attention and stop her so I could finish ordering. It was rather odd if you ask me but again, you can't get your hopes up too much in a place like this.A little while later, and I really thought it took a bit longer than it should, someone comes out with the Edamame AND salad at the same time. It took a second for the person to finally get it when I kept telling them that I didn't want them at the same time. She seemed awfully confused by the fact that I would want to sit and enjoy my edamame and THEN eat my salad. I sent the salad back with a bad feeling it would just sit in the window, which is what it did because it took the bartender seconds to go back to get it and bring it out. Quite obvious that they just set it back in the kitchen.When I finally ate my salad it was nothing special. I don't know why but it was insanely boring even though it sounded like it should be good. I'm not even that picky of an eater, but only finished it so that I wouldn't get my entree spit in and I was hungry so I didn't feel like waiting forever.I order a Ribeye for dinner as I was starving for protein and iron. I couldn't believe, once again, how flipping boring this steak was. Luckily I still had soy sauce close by so I poured some on to get a little flavor. Even the  mashed potatoes were lack luster. They tried to be "fancy" a put a ridiculous rosemary sprig in it, but it just didn't save the bland food. After only two drinks they RAN OUT of Maker's Mark. I REALLY couldn't believe they had no back up. I just can't imagine the people who hang out at this bar are drinking up Makers so that tells me they don't stock well. I wound up drinking Jack since the only other "high end" bourbon they had was Woodford, which I don't really think is a decent whiskey to drink straight. All in all it was an experience that just backs up my distaste for these chain restaurants. Boring food, mediocre service, and mind numbing atmosphere. I don't get why these places are successful but then again, I don't McDonald's or Taco Bell and they are successful too. If you are in the District go to Balboa Pizza or King's Fish House. Save your money and your taste buds from this place.
5	Elephant Bar is my favorite place! Amazing food and menu plus Ive always had great service. No matter who Ive brought to the restaurant, everyone has enjoyed it there.  (Location inside the District is a definite plus.)Chris, a server, is an example of perfect service...setting the bar high for the rest of the wait staff. He even remembers us regulars including our orders/favorites.  5 stars all around....Id give higher if I could.
4	You know I see some really prissy and picky people trying to review this place.I've come on two separate occasions and I enjoyed it. The restaurant is low lit and has a great smell. Each time they gave me a table near the kitchen and had the chef give us a complimentary dessert . Now of course there is going to be a bit of a wait when they are busy, so try not to give them so much hassle. I order the Jambalaya, so I was full aware I would be waiting awhile but for me once I got the food, it was worth my wait.Try the Strawberry shortcake if you get the chance, just great.
3	Ok wow! didn't realize how terrible the reviews were for this place. Ive eaten here twice once was 7 years ago and my second time I had a gift certificate so I decided to give this place another try. I must admit this place has improved alot compared to before.. I was impressed how the menu had so many ethnic foods and so many options to choose from. The service was great, our waitress kept checking in on us and made sure everything was perfect. The food was mediocre but i still enjoyed it. I had the misoyaki salmon and my friend had the jambalaya. The salmon was delicious, but then again i love salmon and love it in any way it was prepared. As for the jambalaya it was not too impressive it was just ok. We also had a spinach and artichoke dip for appetizers and that too was just ok. Over all i just give an A-OK, the service was great and the food was just A-OK, The onyl way i would go back is if someone really wanted to eat here. Maybe next time i will try the bar area and try their bar foods..
4	Food is average/goodService very good
5	If you like Cheese Cake Factory but can't stand that it's always packed and that they have advertisements in their menu then Elephant bar is the place for you! We visit this place all the time and then go see a movie next door at the casino. Food has somewhat of an asian theme to it but the menu rotates frequently and has "limited time specials" which are quite good. Happy hour is very good and so is the food. The bartenders are awesome, lookin at you Roy! Staff remembers us whether at the bar for drinks or the dining area for a full meal. Definitely recommend this place.
3	I have been here several times. Every time the service has been good but very inconsistent. The food is good but with it being a normal chain, there is nothing new or exciting happening on the menu. For the most part, this place is very busy so I would recommend calling ahead. I don't really feel like the prices are on par for the quality.
2	Elephant Bar is nothing to write home about. I had lunch there with some coworkers. The soup and sandwich I had was decent but nothing I couldn't have eaten at the local Panera. The one saving grace of this lunch was the crispy green bean appetizer, which was actually quite delicious. Otherwise, don't waste your time.
3	This is a nice restaurant for big groups to go to for lunch/dinner. I have eaten here countless times over the years and it has always been decent. The menu has a variety of items so people with different tastes should be able to choose what they'd prefer to eat easily. I've enjoyed the iceberg wedge salad, the ultimate bacon cheeseburger, and especially the seared ahi Tuna dish. I've also tried their teriyaki bowls, calamari, ceasar salad, and have had a Mai tai and a couple other cocktails here before. Price-wise it's okay, not stellar. My biggest complaint one day was when I came to watch some Sunday Football in the bar and was told they did not have the Sunday ticket which is a shame. I had to quickly eat my lunch so I could leave and go to Green Valley Ranch to watch the game I wanted to see.
3	I've been here a few different occasions, all for different reasons.  Sort of standard fair in big city environments.  It is along the same lines of The CheeseCake Factory.  Do not come here expecting freshly made meals with creativity and pure taste.  Come here expecting a very large menu.  You have the option to order nearly any type of food you could want, from mexican to chinese and everywhere in between.  The main issue I have with the place is that due to the large menu of options, almost everything is frozen, fried, canned, or stuff with preservatives.  Personally, I prefer fresh, simple food with a few options specifically chosen for that restaurant.  But this can be a decent place to go with family or friends for some drinks and food, and you can be certain it will be served friendly and clean.
1	This review is for the bar.   We got there at 8:55 and were strictly warned that happy hour drinks were not available until 9pm.  Hmm.  Better ways to approach that, considering we were a party of four and planning on ordering three rounds at the least. Bartender was at best understaffed, but I could say I'd rather pay her extra to not have to deal with her fake over pitched attempt at being cordial.   Many customers drop down from their green valley condos to stroll in for a "neighborhood" drink, so I'd say this bartender's bitchy blue light need to get laid attitude Is costing this restaurant a plenty.  And did I mention, no music?  Plainly put, unless you aspire to spending your evening entranced about how miserable she feels about her job, which, par for the course is mandatory, take your hard earned time and money somewhere else.And ps; this bartender dipped her finger in my fathers beer to check if it was cold enough.  You're dead to me, skank bitch.
5	Very very good service!  Excellent food, drink, and ambiance!  This is my first time and I'll be back!
3	Elephant Bar fell off my radar after multiple visits where we received progressively bad service... The last visit being one where we walked out without eating due to total incompetence by the wait staff. So when my husband suggested we have dinner at Elephant Bar after doing some shopping, I was a little hesitant, but since I did enjoy the food on prior visits where we got to eat, I agreed to go. The host was very friendly, he offered us the option of sitting at a table, booth or in the bar area so that we could watch the game. Our waitress came by shortly afterward to take our drink order.For our entrees, both my husband and I decided to order off the special menu. I went with the Pacific Cove Tropical Crab and Shrimp Louie ($14.25). I was in the mood for both seafood and a salad, so this was perfect. The grilled pineapple and mango were nice compliments to the sweet clumps of crab and pieces of shrimp. My only disappointment was that dressing was served on the side, and drizzled on the salad, I would have preferred it all on the side. My husband went with the Mongolian Beef, a dish he enjoys at many places. He was offered a choice of white, brown or fried rice... Always nice when you are given options like this. When his food arrived, I immediately thought "That's it?" What a small serving. My husband enjoyed the food but it was not enough to fill him up and at $14.50, it was overpriced for the portion received. The service we received was better then previous visits, obviously, we stayed this time...  Our waitress was still rather mundane. She always seemed like she was in a hurry despite the restaurant being fairly slow, and I don't think I saw her smile once. Elephant Bar is back on my radar, but I am not in a big hurry to return.
3	Love the food...not so much the service.  Went for lunch, stood at the front to be seated...and waited...and waited...and waited.  All the while the manager was sitting talking with an employee at a table right in plain sight.  Did he bother to get someone to help? No.  Did he acknowledge us? No.  So at the end if the meal when he came to the table to introduce himself, I really wondered why he even bothered.Will I continue to go there?  Yes, I like the food and the atmosphere.
4	We ate here while staying at the Green Valley Ranch. This place sure is lively on a Saturday night. They offer patio seating to enjoy the night air. I enjoyed sitting in the big comfy booth. The open kitchen is a nice touch. You can see the chefs creating meals as you wait for yours. Service was great even though the place was packed. We felt very well taken care of. After a few mai tais- the night was even better. :)A wide variety of meals to chose from, so many I kept turning the menu back and forth trying to decide what to order. Ticket was a bit pricey- 80$ for the two of us. But that included 2 entrees,  3 alcohol drinks and 2 desserts and also a great location. A fun night thanks to Elephant Bar.
3	The interior of this restaurant reminds me of an upscale Outback Steakhouse. Walking in, we were led to our table by a stern face hostess who acted as though I was bothering her when I asked what the happy hours were for today. Minus one star.My sister and I shared a Macau shrimp and noodle soup. In addition, I ordered a red sangria and coconut shrimp skewers while she ordered a Mai Tai and BBQ Ribs. Do people in Macau eat their soup laden in sugar or what, because this soup was unusually sweet unlike any other Asian soup I've ever tried in my life. Oh, and I'm Asian, by the way, so I've tried bowls of Asian noodle soup amidst many. My friend who is Swiss thoroughly enjoyed this noodle soup, as she excitedly exclaimed to us that this is her favorite soup at this place. Perhaps my sister and I differ in taste in comparison to the general populace when it comes to noodle soup. Regardless, this isn't the typical Asian soup that we expected it to be. Minus another star.Her BBQ ribs came with a small cup of deliciously warm slices of cooked apple, a pile of coleslaw and regular plus sweet potato fries. This entire entree is very good. My coconut shrimp skewers were also excellent.The star of the night for me is the red sangria. All of the ingredients in this drink were so perfect in ratio, between the fruit, the ice and the amount of liquor. I'd come back here for happy hours!
5	Our personal favorite in south Vegas... So yummy.Sushi, sweet and sour chicken, salads, prawns... Great variety of food.
5	OMG WE LOVE THIS PLACE!!!! The manager Zoltan was SUPER nice and our server Roi was such a nice guy. Great recommendations on the food and Happy Hour was FRIGGIN WOOOOWWWW!!! We sat outside and all the servers were gracious of our sleeping baby. It's a great atmosphere to relax and the menu is broad... All I can say is TRY the Calamari, and the Lamb Shanks are HUGE... A bang for your buck... And if you order the mud pie... Share it!!! It's more of a mountain size!!! Lol!!! Thanks guys, well be back!!!
3	I give everyone multiple chances at being nice, but something was bothering the hostess every time I have gone. Luckily, the only time I had to deal with her was as I was being seated. The Waiters that dealt with me were much more friendly.What knocked my rating down to 3 stars was the speed of service. I waited about 20 minutes to get my drink and then another hour to get my food. I understand that sometimes a place is rocking and that the cooks make food based on when it was ordered, but the place only had like 10 people in it, and all of them had their food already when I had arrived. The saving grace of this place was that the food pleased my taste buds nicely. I had some of the Parmesan crusted green beans and wow, were they good.They come with a nice little dipping sauce of some kind that really tops them off nicely.Next I had the Shrimp and Chicken Jambalaya. The huge thing that got me here was that it was chicken Jambalaya, which I LOVED. I've been searching for a place that doesn't have pork or beef in their Jambalaya and have came up empty on most counts. Definitely something to check out if you don't eat red meat.Prices were fair, nothing to write home about though.Food was great, service was mediocre at best, and prices were decent. Maybe a place to check out, but I wouldn't come here often.
1	Horribly dry chicken and fish.  We'll never return.  I'd give zero stars if I could.  Service lacking as well.
3	The outdoor patio is awesome when it's not oven temperatures outside. Very clean and totally love the lil safari decor. Their Pad Thai is SO good! Strawberry Daiquiri was pretty delish and refreshing. C+!
5	We had the black cherry mojito, classic mojito, dirty martini, BBQ chicken flatbread, tempura sushi, Korean need tacos, and chocolate indulgence; all were very good! The service was excellent! I was very impressed and will definitely go back again soon.
1	I was with a table of people all in their late 30's. (including myself) We were all carded for booze. They asked for a government issued ID. So, since I have grey hair in my beard and didnt have my license in my wallet, I gave him my concealed carry permit (issued by the government) The server had to ask the manager who told me that I could not have the drink I ordered even though I was over 30. You need to be 21 to drink in NV. They have some retards working there for sure.
3	The Elephant Bar is a place that I visit when other people make the choice to eat here.  It's in Henderson and popular with the work friends because we just head over after the work whistle blows.  I came here for dinner recently and as is usual for me, I searched their menu online beforehand to see if there was nutrition info available and there was.  I decided that I would either go with their chicken lettuce wraps or the petite sirloin, based on calories and protein content.  They happen to have a gluten-free menu as well as a "lighter" menu, which I appreciate.  Once there, my friends and I had great service from our waiter the whole time.  I went with the petite sirloin, which came with vegetables and a parmesan baked potato for only 450 calories and 36 g of protein--right up my alley.  It was a tasty meal and I was more than impressed with it since I didn't know if it was going to be good or not.  This is only the second time I've been here in maybe a year.  Between them, my friends had the mongolian beef and the shrimp and crab louie salad, with the mongolian beef looking like something I'd try the next time.  The pals also had a coupon for free strawberry shortcake with the purchase of two entrees and I had a sample taste of that:  delicious!  The bill came to $43, without the dessert being charged--not bad at all for three people.  Overall, this place has a lot of options on its menu, enough to satisfy everyone's palates and dietary needs.  I hear the happy hour is great, so I'll have to return and check that out sometime.
5	Love the Happy Hour ! The house margaritas are good as are the lettuce wraps and  quesadillas appetizers. One of our favorites for after a movie at GVR!
3	Haven't been here in a long time. The service was excellent as food came efficiently and the waitress was on top of drinks and customer service. We were joking a lot though and I'm not sure she knew what to make of it lol.... East coast humor...the hostess also was very nice and we even shared a good laugh.The food was average. I got the shrimp and chicken wok stir fry with brown rice and it had a nice kick but overwhelming sauce compared to the balance of veggies and protein. He got the teryiaki chicken and it didn't look like your typical teryiaki chicken and must not have been too bad as he finished it all. The atmosphere is nice as its dim and the tables aren't on top of each other. The dining area doesn't hear the noise at the bar either which is nice.We didn't do dessert or anything so it was quite simple and the best part of the evening was the company.
4	Food good ..... World sampler nice variety !!! Coconut shrimp the best chicken tenders always good !!!! Mud pie ridiculous !!! All and all good experience !!! Made a mistake on my order manager came and apologized !!! Service keep them from 5 star experience !!! Good but not great !!! Positive overall will return !!!
1	I have got to say this has been the worst experience I have ever had at elephant bar in my life. We always go to elephant bar during happy hour and order spinach dip and drinks. Today, we decided to go during dinner and try the 2 for 20. To start off, we order the spinach dip for our appetizer. When it arrived it tasted different than normal. The chips were stale and did not taste good. We sent it back and got it reordered. It came once again but the chips were still stale. I didn't want to go through the hassle of sending it back again so we ate it. I mentioned something to our server, Jennifer, and she let the manager know. For our entrees, we ordered the BBQ chicken salad and the orange chicken. My orange chicken did not taste so well it tasted a little over cooked. The BBQ chicken salad had nothing wrong but my boyfriend did not like it so he sent it back and got the teriyaki chicken to go. We expressed our dissatisfaction once again to Jennifer and she said she was going to send over Vic the manager. As we waited, Kevin another manager came over and listened as my boyfriend was telling him about our service. He said he was sorry and left. When we got the bill nothing was changed. I honestly did not want anything taking off the bill but the fact that they ignored us just because my boyfriend use to work there. Not good customer service at all. I am very annoyed and displeased with the restaurant. I always come here for the spinach dip because it's my favorite now...I don't believe it is at all. It's kinda funny how someone treats you after you leave them and find better opportunities. To conclude this I won't even be coming back again and I don't even care that Nevada has one elephant bar. You lost my business.
2	Meh!  I know the manager tried hard to make up for it and that's why they get two stars.  Burger came out charred on the outside and RAW(translucent) on the inside. One appetizer was completely forgotten, the salmon was just off and I can't put my finger on it. The best part was that white chocolate dessert.  I'm not sure if its just that difficult to find proper kitchen help, or if it's an issue because they won't pay. As with most, great food can overcome bad service, great service can't overcome bad food/prep.  I'm not saying the latter was my experience here, because its not.  Maybe we are in an era where managing to the numbers at the expense of quality is permanent. Maybe what they are serving is in fact phenomenal and my concept of good needs to be re calibrated. Who knows.
2	Torn about my recent experience here. I haven't been in years, but I heard happy hour was decent, so I gave it another try. The atmosphere is nice - upscale casual bar area. Good for smaller parties of 4 or under. Not loud, good to actually talk and catch up with friends. Staff was attentive and did a last call for happy hour. So we ordered another round but asked for them to wait until we were done with our current ones. When we asked for our last one that we thought had be ordered, there was a mix up. They quickly grabbed a manager and rectified the situation. We still were confused with how they charged us for our beverages. When we questioned it, the bartender became short and snippy with us so we just let it go. I'm still unsure if we were charged correctly. As for happy hour eats: decent portions, decent food. Nothing spectacular. As for happy hour adult beverages: VERY weak. Taste good, just not much alcohol.I'm not sure I'll return.
4	Very busy tonight so we sat  in the bar area. We had margaritas during happy hour and were able to order from the  full menu. I had orange chicken and my husband had the teriyaki chicken. All was very good. We used a coupon for one appetizer or dessert and two entrees. The only dessert available for the coupon had walnuts  in it and my husband is allergic to them so they let us substitute. Our server was fantastic!!!
2	The atmosphere doesn't match the name. It's not a bar. It's a family restaurant with a bar inside. I went for the restaurant side, so I didn't much care for the bar anywho. As a global/wok kitchen, I already expected it to be less than good. A good restaurant, in my experience generally specializes in a style of cuisine, with the few great exceptions like Momofukos in New York. The elephant bar has a wide, imaginative menu, but the flavors are lacking. The menu sounds tasty, but doesn't live up to its description. I thought, after trying a few different meals, "I'll try a basic dish... Macaroni and cheese."  They blew it. The texture of the cheese resembled that of evaporated milk. There's a better way to mix three cheeses, and its called cream. I won't be going back, unless its to try the bar.
3	Same consistant food and service. Getting pricey though. Early dinner as $127 for 4 people. NO DRINKS
5	While I didn't get the chance to eat there, the management was 5 Stars. The manager was able to come outside, and provide jumper cables for my rental car. I unfortunately had to head back to the airport, so I couldn't return the favor and order food/drinks. Go to this restaurant, leave big tips and give the manager a raise!
4	I forgot how much I loved this place! It had been a couple years since I'd dined here.I've never had a complaint about anything I've ordered and the same went for yesterday's visit. They have some great speciality cocktails and I love the atmosphere. Our server Edgar was amazing and made the whole experience even better. He seems to really love what he does and interacts wonderfully with guests. He went above and beyond everything we expected. There's no way I'm waiting a couple years to go back again!
4	I tried the ribs today, they were really good. Our waiter was Will and was super friendly and funny and all our orders came out perfect. I'm giving it 4 stars because our cookie n ice cream dessert came out over baked and very dry, we tried getting it twice before but they were out of it. So imagine my disappointment when it was not good after waiting so long for it.
1	There's nothing worse than reheated food  and still very cold  thank you I love giving my money  away
2	Thank you to the manager for caring enough to call me about my bad  experience  I will  go back again and give it one more try
4	The two vegetarian dishes i ordered were really good. Nice ambiance and the waitress that served us was great too. I would recommend this place to my friends
4	Great Happy Hour speicials! Coconut Shrimp and awesome!
3	After hearing so many great things about this place I thought I would check it out. The atmosphere is great, the prices are pretty decent but the food is average. You get what you pay for at this place. Average prices for average food. It is a great place to socialize with friends and hang out and have some drinks but don't have high hopes for the food.The service was great though drinks were always refilled, we were checked up on frequently. I would recommend going here to get together with friends but I wouldn't go here specifically for the "global" menu and the rave reviews on how amazing the food is.
3	Well after reading all of these lukewarm reviews,  I guess I'm very lucky. I've never had a bad meal here. I usually order the crispy teriyaki chicken & it's always excellent.  Even if there's only two bites left I want to wrap it & take it home! My son always gets mac n cheese & chicken tenders and they're so good I always have to eat one of them. My only complaint is with the service.  My waitresses always seem to act as though they're waiting on me just to hurry & get it over with. On one visit the young waitress took my plate away when there was food still on it....I wanted to take my leftovers home!! I was pissed!! My most recent visit my waitress rushed away after we each ordered an entree. I wanted to order an extra order of chicken fingers for my son as his appetite has grown to adult size. My friend had to call the waitress back (Katrina) where she abruptly asked "you don't think he'll have enough chicken in his kids meal?" Umm....No...that's why I'm ordering more!!! Don't worry, I'll pay for it!! I love the food here but the service leaves me to believe that everyone hates their job in there.
4	Thank you once again to Geoffrey I went back to give you guys another try and I must say it may have been the time we went before or something but everything was nice and hot this time...my server Lucy was on point checking in often....thanks again for not disappointing
5	My friends and I show up weekly, we receive amazing service and the cocktail servers remember us and our choice drinks each time:) great service and great atmosphere. In addition this restaurant is located in a beautiful outdoor area that is enjoyable to walk around!:)
3	More 2 1/2 than three. They try hard, they just have a hard time executing. I like the steak and prawns, but half the time it has to go back. This last time it tasted like the Korean BBQ sauce they put on it had burned. Not on the grill, but in the pan they either keep it warm in or when they hear it up for the food. We also like the crab Louie side salad, the fries green beans and the coconut shrimp. The salmon is hit and miss as well. Sometimes you get a nice thick filet, other times you get the thin tail end. BTW, I prefer the filet. The eCookie is great. Most of all, DON'T BE AFRAID TO SEND IT BACK!
4	Honestly, my last experience here was awful but this time I was truly redeemed. I love the food at Elephant bar and love the drinks. The food is what makes the restaurant unique and amazing. I love ordering the Spinach and Artichoke Dip and the Green Beans they are my favorite. The service is fast depending on what server you get at the restaurant. It seems like all the amazing servers have left the restaurant and everyone else is brand new. I will be going back for sure and I am glad they redeemed my customer service. I love elephant bar and think it is an amazing restaurant and anybody should try it. You will love the food and the energy from the restaurant. I honestly think also making the District have open parking and redoing the area was a smart decision.
3	I went here for a teenager's birthday celebration since she likes it here. Fried green beans and a global sampler were ordered as appetizers which was too much food if you ask me. Their menu has way too many selections - I was overwhelmed and got full just by looking at it.Global Sampler:Includes coconut shrimp skewers, chicken fingers, sweet potato fries (for an additional $3), artichoke dip and bruschetta. It's recommended for 4 people but it was plenty enough for our group of 8. 3.5/5 Fried Green Beans:Comes with a dipping sauce. Lightly breaded green beans. 3.5/5Island Tilapia:Broiled tilapia sprinkled with island spice blend. Comes with green beans, fennel and rice with Andouille sausage and salsa. I enjoyed the first few bites but got tired of this dish rather quickly. 3/5The service was better than the food. I enjoyed the unlimited strawberry lemonade though.
2	We took clients here for dinner last night... probably not the best idea.  Our server was pleasant but never available.  My business partner was brought a rocks glass with a chip in the rim, he cut his finger.  When a replacement was brought, there was something frozen in one of the ice cubes.  After all that, we weren't even comped that drink.  OK, how bout some positives?  Food was reasonably priced and portions were good.  I had the salmon and it was actually a very nice piece of fish.  More?  Nope
4	I'm always fairly happy when I come here. Service is always great. I recommend the Korean tacos! YUM!!!!! They have a great selection of drinks. I like the space in the booths, gotta have room to eat. They have this cookie and ice cream that is to die for. It comes in the hot skillet so it's all melty. OMG!!!!!! A must try.
1	Normally this place is great but tonight I decided to take my friend to have drinks. We were the only patrons at the bar and we were only able to get one drink while watching both bartenders gossip and check their text messages. It is really sad when bad service kills an otherwise great place. Eat here but don't go near the bar area.
1	Went there for my boyfriend's birthday and the service at the bar area was simply awful. It just killed the mood.At first they didn't accepted official foreign ID and asked for my passport (it had been accepted everywhere before). And said that it was not even ID as if I was lying. So my boyfriend went all the way home to get my passport.While waiting I had to ask the waitress for  water 2!!! times before she brought it. And then when my bf returned we got sushi but there was no soy sauce, so we had to get it ourselves.  When the main dish was served we had to ask 2 times again for utensils.  By that time the food was cold.
5	I am 5 starring this based on DRINKS ONLY. I stopped in while waiting for my boyfriend to get off work to grab a martini. It's valentines day and it was super busy but the bartender was quick to take my order and quick to get my drink! I had a raspberry lemon drop martini and it was ama-za-zing! Bartender was super funny too! Good times!
1	The service was good, but the food was bland and just not good. I will not return.
4	I sat at the bar for happy hour. Had the hamburger, fries, and domestic beer for 6.95. The Burger was nice and tasty. The bar wasn't full so service was quick and efficient. Would definitely go back.
4	Always good service here. Sat at the bar for the Happy Hour special. To drink, I had the Skinny Girl Cucumber Cocktail. It was sweet & refreshing (plus low calorie). For food, I had the Misoyaki Salmon with brown rice & veggies. I give it a 2 out of 5 unfortunately. The salmon was cooked inconsistently & brown rice was a bit dry. My bf had the same thing & he said his was like that too. For $16.50 for the plate, we won't order it again. Although I've had their aps before and they were always excellent & fresh. The bartenders are always GREAT. The guy at the bar, he was attentive to us & also funny. Will definitely return again.
2	Elephant bar sends out these coupons for 2 entries and 1 shared appetizer. So, I thought what they hey, were going to be in green valley...might as well try it! It's okay, it has some pluses and some minuses. But overall, probably wouldn't come back. Pluses: really cool decorations, it's got the african safari look going on, and it looks beautifulminues: the food is not that great. we got the korean ribs and chicken breast and chicken thai dinner. both were ok. I mean, they didn't taste bad...but they weren't really good either. I felt like i was eating it because i need a filler for my stomach, but I never craved the next bite...which isn't what you want to be feeling when your out to eat. Also, our waiter had THE WORST TIMING. And kept doing it. It's like she was trying to rush us out of there even though the restaurant was 70% empty. For example, my husband and I are in the middle of our dinner prayer, and she comes up, asked if were ready to order, and stands there...no excuse me no apology...kind of rude. Then as were eating out dinner, food still out our plates, she asked if were done with our food and if we want a box? Um what?--No i want to eat my food--go away.
4	Always consistent great food and great Friendly staff!! Always looking forward to my next visit!
4	Happy hour? Let's go to the Elephant Bar!  Located in the District directly next to the GVR, it's easy to find.  There is plenty of parking in this area.  I usually have better luck parking in the back for easy access to the restaurant.I've had good visits the majority of the time I have dined here.  They have great happy hour specials in the bar area.  The food has been great and pretty consistent.  The french onion sliders are fabulous.  Simple and Wonderful! The nachos are plentiful and great to share.  The buffalo chicken wontons are just ok to me.  I'd stick to the sliders and nachos for happy hour.  Their market cobb salad entree is delicious.  The chicken has a great seasoning which makes this salad yummy.  The service here for us has been hit and miss.   Sometimes my drink is empty for a while.   I've noticed on a few occasions during happy hour the bartenders are more interested in talking to each other than their customers.  Hmmm.  But mostly they have been good and attentive.It's a chain restaurant but it's one of those that I enjoy!
4	Perfect place to grab lunch after walking around the District (since its located there).Quick tip: If the weather is nice, opt to eat outside. Everything here is average price. You got your choices of salads, grilled foods, chicken, shrimp, and more. They are VERY accommodating to your needs. I had lunch here with a friend who is currently fasting and is on a vegan diet. Our waiter Brandon was very informative on a dish she wanted, but was worried if the dish contained any animal products. He came back and said it did contain some parts, but that the chef could substitute it with something else. How awesome!Anyways, I had wood fire salmon with cilantro citrus sauce. It was AMAZING! The salmon was perfectly cooked and the vegetables along with sauce just tied everything together making this meal very enjoyable. I even treated myself to a guava cream shake which I see myself ordering again and I don't even like shakes that much.Bottom line: worth your time.
1	I am not usually one to complain, but this has to be said!I decided to stop by for happy hour. Mind you, it wasn't very busy. Maybe 70% full. I was by myself. I sat at a table in the bar for 5 minutes, before someone came to get my drink order. Took another 20 minutes to get my drink. Server drops my drink off and runs the other way. I wanted an appetizer!!!!Comes back about 10 minutes later. I get to order. I order chicken pot stickers and coconut shrimp skewers. Food is actually good. But, the fact that expediter drops my good off, without utensils to eat with! And then manager comes to my table to apologize. Asks me if there's anything he can do? Really! How about he just offer to take care of something! I am not looking for free. But, don't put the burden on me. Needless to say, I won't be back!
5	I came to elephant bar with my friends for dinner. Was a hoping place to be for a Saturday night. Our server vince was busy as the outside area was full but took the time to make us laugh and have a good time. Food was excellent and service was awesome. I'll be back and my friends will too.
3	I had an okay Cobb salad for lunch today, along with a glass of wine. I'm not a big fan of laminated menus, but they did have a decent selection of dishes. It has a TGI Friday's kind of vibe. Not haute cuisine, but it's keeping it real. The service was very good.
4	Ever in the Henderson area and looking for a place to eat...? Definitely stop by this restaurant, it's worth it! I went for lunch on a nice day in Vegas ( not too hot, nor to cold). I sat outside which their seating outside provides a great view, spacious tables, and temperature control. All which make eating outside very pleasurable. Their menu provides a great selection and pricing is average. I was on an all vegan diet, which was not a big problem for their chef to work with. I ordered soba noodles with vegetable stir fry and tofu. 100% vegan. Most people think of vegan as a flavorless meal, this entree was the complete opposite. It was flavorable enough that for those that are non-vegan, I recommend to try. Overall if you are strolling around The District I recommend you to stop by. If the weather is nice, try eating outside. Have specific needs? The employees (especially our host Brandon) was understanding and went out of his way to make my experience pleasurable.
4	I am looking forward to spending more time at the GVR District and it was great to find out that the Elephant Bar started a rewards card. When I registered on the app, my family was able to order the thai-chili edamame appetizer on the house. The  customer service was on-point, the server was polite and patient. We felt like we could time our time and enjoy the experience without feeling rushed eventhough it was a busy night. My wife and I ordered the same thing thesirloin topped with a flavorful steak butter also served with ratatouille vegetables and brown rice (from the lighter side). The sirloin was cooked perfectly...it is difficult to get a perfect medium-rare steak these days. We will be back to earn more rewards!!
2	Anytime you see pictures on the menu figure a chain. The food is slightly worse than mediocre. The service is OK. There are much better places in the area and this place is ok if you can't get into the other places.
5	excellent food!  several things are available but not on the menu so don't hesitate to ask for some combo or appetizer that interests you.  we ordered a big cookie (relish!) and it came out uncooked and not the correct cookie.  our waiter brandon tried several times to have the kitchen make us another but it never worked out.  he said next time we come in we could have a cookie on him.  great service.  definitely one of our favorite places to eat.
3	I would have to agree with the star rating. This is very nice establishment with average food. The prices are reasonable and they do offer a free appetizer if you sign up for the loyalty card (took about 3 mins to do) I ordered a mojito to start, it was decent but not made fresh ( I could tell it was a mix) We also had the spinach and artichoke dip as our appetizer along with an order of sweet potato fries the dip was very bland and the fries we fine, the rest of dinner was pretty much the same. It was good but nothing that would bring me back for a second visit. The service was good and the food is okay if that's what your looking for. I personally like my food to have a little more character.     I would come back if invited but probably by choice. I feel this area has so much more to offer as far as food choices are concern. Thanks for an average dinner but I'll take my money else where.
4	My boyfriend and I gave their happy hour a second chance after my not so great prior experience. Glad we did! Food was good, as it was prior ... and this time, the service was much better. She was very aware of the happy hour timing and made sure to get our final orders. Nice intimate happy hour. May be hard to snatch a table during happy hour. Great to go with a group of 4-6. Not room in the bar area for really large parties. Two can easily sit at the bar.
5	I really like this place! It's one of those forgotten gems. You eat here and you say, "Man! This place is really great!" Then months pass and you forget that it exists. At least for me.I have been visiting this place more often now. I often have business lunches and they always suggest another more popular restaurant nearby. Just recently I have been suggesting Elephant Bar. It hasn't let me down yet. Great mixture of dining and you can mix it up with a burger if you want. Salmon is also on the menu. If you are with a group and no one can agree upon what they have a taste for, this is the spot. Only here can someone order salmon, burger and fries and Mongolian Beef under the same roof. What's not to like about that?
5	We have frequented this establishment several times now and have never been disappointed!  The food is delicious, has a wonderful presentation,  always served in generous portions, and is reasonably priced.  Their service has always been excellent with a very attentive and friendly staff. We have brought friends and family to this restaurant as well and every time each visit has been a positive dining experience. The atomsphere is pleasant and well maintained.  They also offer an outside seating area if you enjoy that type of experience.  Unfortunately,  some people have given this place some lower review ratings. I find it comical when reading other patrons reviews and hearing what their complaints actually consist of.... Example: "too many items on the menu to choose from",   "I don't like laminated menus",  "you get too much food",   "I felt overwhelmed with their menu".  Absolutely hysterical to hear people actually complain about things like that!  That only goes to show you that you can never please everybody!   Perhaps MacDonald's would be a better choice for their taste in general...
4	I had planned on eating at Rachel's Kitchen for lunch but when I saw it was obnoxiously busy, I wandered over to Elephant Bar Restaurant to eat instead. I'm so glad I did! The decor is super cute and right up my alley. I love animal print and safari-style anything, so I was totally in cheetah heaven! I ordered the Cajun Chicken from their Lighter Side menu. It came with a full cup of rice mixed with spicy sausage. The seasoning on the chicken was perfect-- flavorful but not burn-your-face-off hot. Just how I like it! Our server Brandon was very friendly and didn't mind that my colleague and I lingered at the table for more than 20 minutes after we finished dining. I don't spend much time at The District, but I may make a special trip just for Elephant Bar!
2	Awful, awful, awful!  My husband & I decided to try something new in The District for our one-year anniversary.  We decided on The Elephant Bar despite several friends telling us the food was terrible.  I usually don't write reviews unless the business is extraordinarily amazing or awful...this place is definitely classified as awful in my book.  My husband ordered a chicken/tri-tip combo plate, which didn't look anything like the picture.  The chicken was marinated in some sort of sauce that tasted like the smell of dirty feet; the tri-tip was not very good either.  I ordered the Misoyaki Salmon, which was very dry and the sauce was average.  The veggies were soaked in oil and appeared to be the frozen kind you throw in a saucepan.  My husband is not a very picky eater, but even he agreed he would never come back.  We should have trusted our instincts and celebrated at the places we know are good...Lucille's, Cheesecake Factory, GVR Cafe or even Al's Garage (bar food) put this place to shame.  Don't waste your time... And now I know why such a 'high class' place puts out so many coupons.  This place was also totally overpriced for the quality...my meal alone was $17+ and I only ate probably a third of it.
4	Best creme brulee ever! :-) when I go here I get the half rack of ribs and the creme brulee, they also have great garlic bread as an appetizer. I do feel that it's a little pricey though and the ribs are definitely not the best I've had (especially with lucilles nearby)
4	I went here last night with a friend. We did the late Happy Hour.. The food was really tasty and the service was on point! I want to go again where i can sit and have a meal with more friends to try more stuff. We  had the  Wok- Fried Chicken Lettuce Wraps Delicious.   We also  had the  Pacific Rim Chicken skewers. They were good,  but nothing beat the French Onion Rib Eye Sliders. Oh my god!!  You have to try them to understand. Magical!    We had a few drinks and topped the night off with some  Creme Brulee.  Very nice.Good atmosphere. Great service, and wonderful food.
3	Good food, good service but VERY LOUD!  I like this place a lot when you can go in and it is not bursting at the seams.  It needs some soft surfaces so that you can hear the people you are with but the food is always good.  There have been times that I got the wrong order and it was because the server could not hear me either.  They have always made it right for us.  The Creme Brule' is amazing.  Kids love it because of the animals in the lobby and parents love it because the kids can be loud.  They serve ice cream with the kids meals so they love that and the parents probably have kids bouncing off the walls all night. :)
3	This place has a great atmosphere and a friendly staff.  The food is good but nothing I've ate here has made me say "I want to come back again just for this".  I've been to this location about ten times since I've lived in Vegas and each time I can't figure out what kind of restaurant this is exactly?  They seem to be serving more Asian food choices than anything.  I guess there are elephants in Asia but the decor suggest a more African vibe.  I wouldn't call it eclectic because it really doesn't have any commonly neutral foods on the menu like sandwiches, pastas or soups.  This is a weird note but it also reminds me of the 1990's for some reason.
1	Just don't go.  We went for happy hour and was a joke.  Drinks were just deplorable. Apps were ok.  Service felt more like self serve.  Save your time and money.
5	I am usually not a fan of chain restaurants, even small chains, but I've been going to Elephant Bar on and off for years and it's always been tasty and consistent, if nothing extraordinary food-wise. The reason behing the 5 stars is that my small non-profit had been looking for a party location (25 people) for a while, and not one restaurant in The District offered us a decent deal (some wanted $1500 to rent the patio for a few hours). However, Kevin at Elephant Bar really hooked up up, met with me and the organization's president, and went out of his way to make our event a great one. No charge to use the patio (just for us) on a Thursday night, we got 2 dedicated servers, and he even extended happy hour for us! He also allowed us to bring in a cake and decorations and even printed a special menu for us with the apps we had chosen. All in all, it was a fantastic experience and my little non-profit is very grateful. We ended up spending roughly $600 and all our out-of-town guests were delighted. They liked the food, the service, the good drink selection and the patio. Thank you so much for a job well done and for supporting small non-profits.
5	Love happy hour with my girls ! Getting the drinks perfectly made and apps sampler was superb. Paired with our specialty drinks it was a perfect GNO!
4	Even though it is a chain and always expect less, I am always pleasantly surprised when I go here.  Food and service is always quite good.  The last time I went, the manager ran out the door because I left my Iphone.  Can't go wrong with this place.
4	The service is nice. The manager is nice. The waitresses are patient. The food is not surprising good but worth the money. We used the 20 dollars coupon, great price. they have Asian food too.  One of the dish has a cute name: pacific rim chicken. Sounds like a movie. I like their drinks. House made, tasty.
4	I like this place for lunch.  Bar food it may be, but it is some of my favorite bar food around.  Could use more elephants.
5	Great atmosphere, great food, got great service. The sweet potato fries with their sauce is simply wow. It is a little loud, but it didn't really bother me. My friend brought her daughter & we found it kid friendly, but still geared toward the adult crowd. Pleased.
5	Geniuously done lunch! Grilled salmon with brown rice and fresh vegetables! Came with a fusion type red sauce of cilantro/spices. Very well done & our service was A++Best part of the experience? I met my soulmate here on our 1st date!! She is my best friend and we now have Elephant Bar as "our special place" ;-)
3	Decent calamari. Good sangria. Came late and no one was there.
5	Drinks here are like no other , the service was top notch. We sat out side and it was great. We had some apps and the spicy edeme was super good wish it was a little more spicy but I understand. I will be back to try the dip again because I could just eat that and be good for awhile
4	We came on a Sunday evening and ordered 1. 2 Mango Swirls, 4.50ea2. Artichoke dip and chips 3. Kona BBQ ribs 4. Crispy shrimp and white rice for $37 (Used the 2 for $20 coupon that I received in the mail) - Seated right away. Hostess was pleasant. - Dining area very clean. Comfortable seating - Server was very nice. - We ordered one Mango Swirl, but she instead gave us 2. Didn't really feel like disputing since the drink was so delicious. haha. - Artichoke dip was average. Needs more artichoke. Not enough chips. We asked the server that handed our food for more chips and she said okay, but never came back with them. fail. Wasted dip. - Kona BBQ was exquisite. Loved how tender it was. Needs a bit more BBQ sauce. Not finger-licking enough. The meal also came with peach cobbler, fries, and cole slaw. - There was a mix of potato and sweet potato fries. Not fresh, but not old. Could be better. - Shrimp and rice was good. Reminded me of Pei Wei. Rice a bit harder than normal. Needs more water or change it to 3 ladies. haha. - Portion was enough for the dine. No extra. - Pleasant meal. Great location. Will come back with coupons. Rewards membership available.
4	So the other night, my family and I went to the Elephant Bar after it had been several years since our last visit.  My grandma was in town for a visit and was dying to go when she found out that we still have a location open here in the Vegas Valley.  All the restaurants in SoCal are no more and so she cannot dine as she used to.  On Tuesday evevning we headed down to the District which seems to be thriving as a whole.  The Elephant Bar seemed to be doing pretty well too.  There was a good crowd for an early week night.  Despite the busy restaurant, we were seated right away and greeted promptly by our server.  He brought up some water while we looked over the menu and decided first on some drinks.  Grandma got a sangria roja.  My dad got a tall Bud Light.  I had a mai tai.  I don't know how much alcohol was in these drinks.  Probably not much but they tasted good regardless.  For the food, I think it took my grandma and me the longest to decide.  My grandma wanted a dish with shrimp only but could only find shrimp and chicken dishes.  The waiter offered double shrimp in place of the chicken and that made up her mind.  She got what seemed to be pasta with marinara and shrimp.  I was the final hold out and ordered the wood-fired tri tip and hoisin BBQ grilled chicken.  It was flavorful but perhaps too saucey for my liking.  But I had no issue in eating it and did not complain about a thing.  The beef was tender and the chicken strongly herbed.  The mashed potatoes were dense but softened well when mixed with the BBQ sauce from the chicken.  The fresh sprig of rosemary in the potatoes was a nice arromatic touch.  Though I liked my meal just fine, I was disappointed in one aspect of the evening.  The fact that the Elephant Bar does not carry the dish I used to get from there any more.  It was a big bowl of noodle soup with their Pan Asian chicken skewers.  That was a favorite of mine from almost any restaurant.  I saw the Pan Asian chicken on the appetizer section of the menu but they were served over vegetables rather than soup.  That just was not going to cut it.  It was the combination that I enjoyed.  Too bad they did away with it.  My dad was much more pleased with his Mongolian beef and would like to start going to Elephant Bar again now that it is fresh in his memory as a place he rather likes.  I guess I know what I am getting him for Christmas.
2	I don't know what it is about this place but I've never loved it.Went in Saturday after a movie and expected it to be packed.  It wasn't - immediate seating and we sat there till almost closing with lots of empty tables around us - I get the feeling they aren't doing well.I ordered 2 drinks and didn't care for either.  The strawberry mule had chunks of fruit in it which I don't like.  Nothing worse than sucking chunks through your straw and gagging at every sip.  The martini was straight booze, and not in a good way.  I added ice and water till the very end and the drink never got better.   My friend liked her tacos and her moscato.  I liked my chicken marsala.All in all it wasn't terrible but it wasn't great either.  Not a place I would choose to come regularly, just went cause it was convenient.
3	Quick & easy.  PoorConversation place as it is very loud.  The menu replicates the Cheesecake Factory.
5	WOW!  Tasty foods.  Refreshing drinks.  PHENOMENAL service.  Going back again.Came here on a Friday night around 9pm with the gf.  Seated right away.  Edgar was the server and man was he GREAT!Drinks:  Mojito and Mai Tai.  Both were perfectly made all the way down to the last sip.Appetizer:  Chicken potstickers.  WOW!  Talk about delicious!Dinner: She had the grilled steak and I had the thai style tilapia.  Talk about flavor with every bite!Dessert: Freshly baked half chocolate chip and half macadamia nut cookie topped with ice cream... Need I say more?That was my second time there and it sure wont be my last!
1	So.. my favorite animals are elephants and I heard great things about this place.  When I first walked in the decor was great and I thought it would be quite the spot.  Boy was I wrong.  The tower of dirty drinks on the bar that needed to be placed in the dishwasher followed by the manager, Zoltan, flirting and talking pictures with the girls sitting at the bar while my drink sat empty was quite disappointing.We did however take advantage of the elephant bar rewards program which got us a free appetizer immediately online when we registered.We got the edamame, coconut shrimp skewers, and spinach artichoke dip.  It was all decent, at best.We then had the pleasure of speaking with Zoltan, the manager, who when we asked if he was the manager he said "No, I just hang out here".  He was then asked by us why this tower of glasses was sitting next to us and he just made excuses for it.  We asked if he needed to hire a dishwasher to assist with the dishes & he said no and that the bartenders should be doing a better job.  He didn't act like he cared at all.  He was too busy taking selfies with the drunk blonde across the bar.  I then went to the bathroom where the toilet didn't flush & there was just enough toilet paper for me. Roy the bartender was very attentive however the other bartender was about as bad of a sever as you can get.  I would order through him & then he would just tell Roy what I ordered & Roy would serve me.After we had commented on the pile up of glasses the bartender made a comment to the one server who was dropping her glasses off and she said "I don't really give a shit" and then Quartae the bartender said "Fuck off".. in ears reach of myself and the rest of the bar to hear.It was quite the experience and I don't think ill ever be back!
5	My friend and I hit up the happy hour on Friday night and had the pleasure of having Cortae being our bartender. He was very patient with us as we couldn't decide on our cocktails to start the night off (yes we were THOSE people. Lol) and then suggested a great selection for us! The chicken pot stickers were to DIE for! Perfectly steamed then seared crisp on one side and beautifully presented. Just a great night of tapas and drinks!
5	Great happy hour from 3-7. Food is always high quality with large portions. The staff is always super friendly. One of my favorite regular spots.
2	Was not a fan of this place at all. Went here yesterday with a large group for a birthday party. They split the tables and have each table a different server which is expected and not a problem at all with such a large group. Half of my table ordered food. I was not hungry so I didn't order anything besides a beer. I didn't even take two sips out of my beer and the waiter had already brought the check to me and my friend who ordered beer and an app. By the time the food was there he was he came along with the other checks and after he rushed to collect the tabs he ignored us for the rest of the night. Its okay though he saved me from wasting more money at this place with awful service. Didn't try the food so that's why it's 2 stars.
1	New owners decided to eliminate the Senior Rewards Card in favor of a new and very lame "reward": 3 visits earns $5.00!!! Wow!!! I am underwhelmed. Won't be dining at Elephant Bar ever again. Smart move!
3	This place is ok, the menu has a good selection of foods and the staff seemed friendly enough.  It was crowded so it took a little while to get our table and our food, however the decor of the place keeps your mind off of the wait time.  The food is average, I cannot say it was horrible, but it was not memorable enough to say that it was fantastic.  There are many other choices of places to eat, however, if I find myself in an area with an Elephant Bar, I know what to expect going in.I know the staff vary from place to place, I have been here once before and sat in the bar with a friend and I can say the bartendar, a young girl was not the most pleasant.  She was nice and took care of us, but her sense of humor was not a warm and welcoming persoanlity, it is like she was there because it was a job and nothing more.  If you are hungry this is not a bad place and know you will get ok food here, but do not expect a gourmet meal.  Friendly service is a toss up by place and person you deal with I guess, but like I said I would go here again if needed.
5	It was the night after a movie screening, we decided to talk more and have a bite.He must be a regular there - hmmm??? He said he's a movie buff.  Anyway, the staff knew him.  I had a craving for their Cadillac Margarita, if it's as yummy as The Elephant Bar & Grill in San Diego and yes, same company.  Another favorite is the Quick Seared Ahi Tuna Salad slightly different in a sense that it had seaweed in the salad - heaven to the lips and perfect for satiety. It's a plus for me when I can maintain eating healthy while dining out... We sat at the surrounding bar area - high table/arm-stool seating. They are located outside theater section outside Green Valley Casino.  Fun staff!  Very attentive and seemed interested in making sure our food was exactly the way we liked it.  I had a little taste of his Spicy Singapore noodles w Shrimp - the noodles were slightly crisp but full of flavor. I'm still not sure if it was my ravishing beauty that got all the attention or maybe he's just a nice guy??? No drama I promise.  Had fun till it was closing time (midnight).  Lots of parking.  There's TV.  Great ambience for hangin' out in the evenings. Full Bar.I would definitely take my friends there - sort of away from the maddening strip crowd with access to the casino, shopping & movies.
5	I am new at this , but I really like this place a lot.  I love the flavor of their food , the wine selection albeit may be small selection, it is really nice complement to the foods they serve, although I only drink reds.  The last time here I ate at the bar and the server Denae was absolutely one of the best I have ever encountered.  I plan on going back in the near future before I return home.
5	Had an awesome anniversary dinner the other night service was great everything was nice and clean and the food was awesome Our waitresses name was Vanessa and she was absolutely fabulous.. We're new to Henderson so this is our first time  going out to eat and because the customer service was so good we will definitely visit elephant bar again
1	This so bad! My husband and I walked in ordered a beer, hot tea and nachos without beans. 20 minutes later we get the nachos with beans so my husband asked if we could get them without from a different server because our server went on break. The manager came over and was so rude and blamed everyone else for the mistake. Because of the management I would never go back. He yelled at the bartender for trying to help us with our order!
5	I went to Elephant bar last week for the first time. I was very surprised.. My meal was great just had a sandwich, the most impressing thing was our server Vince!! I am very picky and always ask for my stuff complicated and he was so polite and patient with me! I felt like I was in my own dining room eating. Very warm and professional. I will oh back for the food but more so for the great costumes service. Hopefully I can request to sit in Vince section!
5	Most amazing time.  Bar was fun and the happy hour prices were amazing.  Love the decor and the employees all seemed to be having a great time.  I even saw the a couple of employees joking and having fun with a darker skinned manager.  It was a pleasure to see people enjoying their jobs.
5	My wife and I came in last night for the first time and were served by Daniel, he gave us a menu tour and provided excellent service. We will definitely be back!
4	We came in with a coupon and our waitress was. Super nice. The food was really good. I can't wait to go again. It's nice to take a walk in the shopping area afterwards. Kinda romantic!
2	Now, I can put away food and I love serve but... when is enough? No line to wait (a plus), happy hour ( a plus) cold food lets talk. Bit into my Orange chicken and it was ice cold. My broccoli was also cold. So I ask for another. Guess what they went back and microwaved it up. Are you kiddin me. Please remake my meal. I'm not trying be difficult but if I pay for something I want it the right way? After a little talk with the manager then it was better. Damage was done. I give it two stars.
4	Great location to grab some food after being in the movie theater with friends (since it's close by). The food was delicious and the service was great. The only thing that bothers me is they sent me a medium rare when I asked for my "AHi" to be rare. But in the end I enjoyed my food so no biggy :D I would definitely come back here.
1	Service was super slow and the food was terribly disappointing.The chicken and shrimp wok-fired dish read well on the menu but was a hugedisappointment when it arrived to the table. The chicken was burnt, dry and super salty. The shrimp were over cooked and dry. The vegetables, well, they didn't look like veggies. Overcooked, over seasoned. This place is not worth the effort, keep driving and find some where else to dine.
5	Don't know why  don'tI just go here first. PFChang's will take reservations but you still end up waiting and food takes awhile to get. Lucille's is nice but packs out pretty quick and you just can't eat that heavy all the time. Elephant Bar has quick service, friendly servers and an unusually wide variety of menu items. Never a problem.
4	It was a last minute late night stop. The bartender greeted us and the waiter, Mike, pretty much made the night. My friend who never eats all her food devoured the chicken lettuce wraps and I ate macaroni and cheese. The food was decent, tried a lime margarita on the rocks, EXCELLENT! overall it was a good experience. It probably helped that our waiter was cute and very very attentive. I'll be back not just because of Mike, but I really want to try their Soba noodles. Oh and we sat next to the kitchen where we could watch food being prepared which I actually enjoyed.
4	Walked into the bar area with my girlfriend just to try it out.  The food itself was okay.  We got there during happy hour so the price was pretty good.  The service was good.  I'd definitely come here again
