5	Great location if staying near the convention center or in downtown Phoenix. This is by far one of the best sports bars I have ever been to. I had a perfect view of ESPN 2 and the place had plenty of sporting events on other teles..but not too many. The atmosphere is fantastic and perfect for lunch. Food is great and they had vegetarian options, a major plus for a sports bar. What is better than veggie options? They made exceptions for me, my whole meal sans dairy with no complaints, evil eyes, etc. This is greatly appreciated. The evening scene is great also. An overall 5.5 stars. hellz yeah.
2	Place was great the first time I went, Second time one of Dan's fair weather buddies (thinking he was big shooter) disrespected a good friend of mine over a misunderstanding that could have easily been solved through civil conversation, but he tried to be Mr. Big Shot.  The food was good, but not good enough to put up with that crap ever again.
4	i cannot attest for the sports bar side of things but i really liked the food for lunch... the serivce was good and quick... compared to alot of the places in the area i found the food quality pretty high by lunch standards... i will definatly go back... maybe even to watch some sport next time...
3	good food, decent prices, fun atmosphere. it can be crowded! for pure sports event viewing, it would be better with all flat-screen HD sets, but you can't have everything I suppose.
5	Located within walking distance of Bank One Ballpark (MLB's Diamondbacks) and US Airways Center (NBA's Phoenix Suns) Majerle's (owned by three-time NBA all-star and local icon Dan Majerle) is a great place to go before and after a game. Weekend afternoons--game day or not--are relatively quiet, which means quick service and an attentive wait staff.  And while the food is typical of most sports grills (burgers, sandwiches, and fried appetizers, for example), it's a great place to unwind or to escape the Phoenix heat.  There are the requisite large televisions tuned to the day's sporting events and plenty of memorabilia lining the walls.  Despite these sports bar staples, the place is actually quite cozy and quaint.But while Majerle's is good in the afternoons, it absolutely rocks after Suns or D-Backs games.  The place is typically packed and it's not uncommon to find local or visiting athletes sipping beers on the narrow sidewalk patio.  The bartenders are personable and charming and it's not unusual for one of them to grab the mic and wander the restaurant singing karaoke (and singing it well).  The spontaneity of patrons singing duets with the bartender or serenading their dates to late-'80s pop ballads makes for a great party-like atmosphere.
4	Came here the other night when we wanted a bite to eat and were in downtown. It was pretty dead when we first sat down, but then the Mercury game ended and there was a wait for tables outside. Food was good, but nothing special. Very cool bar and atmosphere and waiter was really nice. Great place to come after a game or to hang out, but it does get really crowded fast so if you really wanted to come here move fast after the game is over because this place is small!
4	It's usually a ghost town at the downtown Phoenix bars, but when a game and/or concert is happening, suddenly the bars are bustling. Such was the case last night at Majerle's, former Phoenix Suns player Dan Marjerle's sports bar. With the Beyonce concert across the street at the arena AND a D-backs game at the ball park, Phoenix was a hoppin'.My friend and I stopped into Majerle's, which I've been to a few times before, for dinner and drinks before going to see Beyonce. I had a cheeseburger and Cesar Salad. While I realize it's hard to mess up a Cesar Salad, my salad was seriously the best Cesar I've ever had. And my burger was packed with flavor. No wonder AOL  named them Best Burgers two years in a row. We also had a wonderful chocolate martini (with Vanilla Vodka, not creme based) here. And on Fridays if you're in the mood to really start the night, the bar offers a Corona or Pacifico with a shot of tequila for $7 as part of their Sizzlin' Friday special.My only complaint was that our waitress suddenly went M.I.A for about 15 minutes when we were trying to close our tab so we could go to the show.  But I'm still going to cut them some slack because this is one of a few fun places to drink in the downtown area.HOT TIP: A second Majerle's will be opening in Chandler in the fall.
3	was there for week one of the NFL and it wasn't as crowded as i thought it would be.  maybe it was because AZ played monday night.  we were able to get a table right away.  decent amount of tv flat screens everywhere.  good selection of food and drinks.  located in close proximity to US Airways Center and Chase Field.
4	+ 35 minute wait was 10 minutes+ Waitress was really friendly + Exposed brick!-  A little on the small side...even with the back room its small for a sports bar  (This seems to be an ongoing thing here...cram as many tables as possible into once place leaving no standing room)+ There were 4 huge LCD tvs within 10 feet in each direction- They were clearly showing a stretched out non-HD broadcast+ Sam Adams on tap- Sam Adams is an "import" and $4.50 a pint, not $3.00 like "domestic"  (Boston is that much further than St Louis or Milwaukee?)+ The place emptied out when the Suns game started+ They kept playoff football on the TVs even though there was a Suns game going on simultaneouslyWeird - The Suns game was on the TVs in the bathroom- The "medium" burger came out completely disgustingly charred- The bun was HUGE and the burger itself was meager - for $9 you expect at least a 1/3 or 1/2lb juicy burger, not a charred Happy Meal sized patty.- I don't understand bacon in Phoenix, this is the second time it's been so totally overcooked it's brittle and hurts to bite into- "Rum and cokes" turned into "Captain and cokes"In summation I would say that it's a good place to go for a drink and watch a game but get dinner elsewhere.
5	Sports Illustrated rated this place as one of the twenty best sports bars in the country.  While that's probably a stretch, the food and grog here are very good, and there is always a TV nearby featuring sports.I'd be torn between 4 and 5 stars for Majerle's, but one time I was here eating a salad at the bar and Thunder Dan himself came up and asked how I was enjoying everything.  Very outgoing and friendly guy, so let's give him 5 stars.
1	I can't seem to understand 'why' many people rate this as a first-class sports bar because in actuality, its one of the worst I've ever been in, and I grew up going to the sports books in Juarez, Mexico where their idea of a flat screen was a gabacho thumping the TV onto the sticky tile floor and looking cross at an hombre could get your eye cut out and fed to you as the special of the day.Yes, Majerle's is worse.  Okay, well, no one in Thunder Dan's is gonna devour your soul, but the place makes me feel like I'm sharing a pint with Florentines Catello di Rosso Gianfigliazzi and Ciappo Ubriachi in Dante's inner ring of the seventh circle of Hell.The set up is terrible.  The TVs are difficult to see from EVERYWHERE in the bar and they have it arranged so that if you are fortunate enough to view up to TWO SCREENS (!) at one time, they are both showing the same game.  This is a problem during major events like the NCAA tournament or bowl games.  Moreover, i would be kitten-hearted to ask a manager to change their programming to another game i'd rather watch.  The bar is always crowded, which makes it even more wondrous for me when i actually go in there and wait for a seat just to encounter no beer specials and terrible food.I wonder how large the bowl of crack the editors at Sports Illustrated were smoking to rate this anywhere near the top 1,000 sports bars in the US.
2	This place is your basic sports bar.  Lots of TVs all tuned to sports.  The outdoor seating is on the sidewalk and facing East so you'll never get any direct sun.My hamburger was TERRIBLE but the shoestring fries were great.  My girl Jacqui liked her entree.
3	They have just a few tv's, which you cant see from some parts of the restaurant. The bar service is slow as molasses, and they have the audacity to take a $60 hold on your credit card every time you sit anywhere near the door, even when I go in dressed in a nice suit and tie. The wings are my favorite in Phoenix, and are delicious, but everything else on the menu seems to be just adequete. One thing I can count on is them always being open until at least midnight and having decent food. You can also count on being harassed by bike taxi guys and hobos out front, and getting crappy bar service. Just walk in, order the wings to go, and have a nice meal in the park or at your home.
4	I've never been to Majerle's before a game, so this is purely a review based on numerous weekday lunch experiences. First I totally agree with previous reviews that complain about the location of the TVs. They are in such awkward spots and are only tuned to like two different things, which is semi-annoying. However I can't complain too much when one of them is tuned to Sportscenter which is all I really need as I eat my lunch. My major complaint about Majerle's is that it is a very awkward space. There is a hostess stand out front on the sidewalk but no one is ever there, so you have to walk in and then BAM you are like on top of the bar. So you're in the way while waiting for a hostess which I hate.Other than that main complaint, I'm not going to hate too much on the food. It's a freaking sports bar. They serve sports bar food. I am not expecting five star cuisine...I just fried goodness that will clog up my ateries and beer on tap. If they have a salad or two so I can feel better about myself, great. For the most part everything I have tried has been good, including the potato skins, grilled chicken caesar wrap, fried chicken salad, kids grilled cheese meal (hey I wasn't hungry that day!) and the house salad. The french fries are really good especially dipped in ranch. The only thing I didn't really like that I have tried has been the chicken tenders. Something about them was just a bit off to me.  Prices are decent considering the proximity to US Airways Arena and Chase Field.Overall a good lunch spot to grab a beer and get my sports fix, but not somewhere that warrants a special trip. I'll have to check it out before a game sometime to get the full effect.
1	Been to the Majerle's in Phoenix, but this review is for the new place in Chandler - as I can't remember the last time I visited the downtown estab.  The bottom line.  Avoid like the plague.  A couple observations:- The place was total sausage fest.  Like 20 dudes to one girl.  During happy hour.- Worst fish and chips imaginable.  Now what place on earth serves up cookie-encrusted grease-soaked cod with sugar-laced french fries???  Yuck.- The tartar sauce to go with that?  Nope.  Just all mayo.- Hot wings, surprisingly, we're okay.- Philly cheesesteak sandwich - ick.- Cole slaw, more like sugar slaw.Place blows.  So many other great places in the East Valley to visit with your hard earned dollar.  Vote elsewhere.
4	Another favorite happy hour place!  They have good deals on beer and a couple food items.  I used to get the twisted breadsticks, but for some reason they took them off the menu.  Don't worry, if you ask for them, they'll make 'em.  :)Service is great here....attentive and quick for how busy it usually is around 5pm.  Oh yes, and single ladies should definitely be here for happy hour - lots of men!  Probably married men let out for a few hours on a weekend....but men nonetheless!  And for the fellas, there are a lot of good looking waitresses....very cute.
5	I like this place. I don't get there often, but it's a nice place to hangout to watch sports.
3	Last night was my first time at Majerle's and it will probably be my last. It is just your typical sports bar, nothing special.
3	My pub crawl compadres and I stopped at Majerle's after having a brief but terrible experience at Networks. I was definitely impressed by the modern stylings and decor. To give Majerle's some credit, they did actually honor their agreement to participate in the pub crawl, offering a drink special, but it turns out that the disgustingly sweet $3 Stoli strawberry lemonades were available to everyone. There were also no food samples. Why did we buy pub crawl wristbands again? We attempted to make up for the slowly-worsening pub crawl experience by ordering vodka shots. There was some miscommunication between the bartenders because when the girl we ordered them from disappeared and another bartender approached us to ask if we needed help, we somehow ended up with two rounds of shots. Naturally, we didn't want to pay for both, a statement that got us quite a bit of attitude from the bartenders. The mistake wasn't entirely their fault (we could have been clearer, I supposed), but I could have done without the 'tude, especially since you can just pour vodka back into a bottle. No harm, no foul, right?Anyway, I wouldn't refuse to come back to Majerle's before or after a game, but I definitely wouldn't choose over 15-20 other places in a 5-mile radius that have great food, cheaper drinks, and friendlier service.
3	One of the more iconic sports bars in Phoenix is Majerles. Named for and run by Dan Majerles of the Phoenix Suns, this bar sits just one block away from the arena and tends to host some of the rowdier crowds during the Suns games. Majerles is consistently ranked one of the top sports bars in the country by Sports Illustrated. This accolade is well deserved.Majerles is small but laid out well with the bar in the center with smaller high-tops encircling it with booths along the outer wall. This system works well for the different types of crowds that come into Majerles. There is also outdoor seating and usually a scantily-clad hostess standing with them.Nothing special about the menu but everything is good. The Chicago burger, with its blue cheese, is a personal favorite. The bar features the usual selection of domestics and imports as well as specialty liquor.This is not really a kid-friendly environment but there is nothing to suggest they shouldn't attend. Because the bar is more intertwined with the restaurant and the waitresses are usually minimally dressed, Cooper's Town might make a better impression on the younger ones. The food is better there too.
4	Majerle's gets 4 stars from me for 1 reason and 1 reason only.  Hip hop karaoke on Tuesday nights!!!That's right, you heard me, Hip Hop Karaoke.  It was awesome.  Walked in with a big group after the Suns game, and it was packed.  Even so, the hostesses went out of their way to find a bunch of open tables and pushed them together for us.Service wasn't nearly as quick as I'd like, but I try to be realistic.  When you're in a crowded sports bar right after a local sporting event, it's gonna take a few minutes to get your drinks, and I'm cool with that.After people had a couple of drinks and loosened up, the karaoke lineup was classic!!  It started off with a tiny girl singing Gin and Juice by Snoop Dogg.  Then came the Beastie Boys and Salt N Pepa.  And that was enough, I was hooked!In the business of full disclosure, I don't think it's advertised as Hip Hop Karaoke, I think it's just referred to as karaoke.  That's just what it's become known as between me and my friends because that's all we've ever heard/sang there.  Which is awesome if you've never experienced it.Dan Majerle and a few of the Suns rolled there after the game too which was kind of cool, added another fun dynamic to the drunken sing a long.Didn't have a bite of food so I can't comment on that.  But I did have a hell of a time and next time I can stay out late on a Tuesday (not nearly as often as I'd like) I will definitely be back!!
2	I really want to love this place, but I can't. The fries are great, the servers attractive and the food gets there fast, but the entrees aren't that great, bottle beer is $4 (that much for a miller lite at a sports bar? really?) and the servers, for whatever stupid, dumbass reason, refuse to split checks.This does nothing but piss me off. I've never understood this practice. First of all, you're a sports bar. People genuinely come into sports bars in groups. We all ordered food, we all ordered drinks and it took nearly 25 minutes to figure out our goddamn bill at the end.Attention restaurant owners: MOST OF US DON'T CARRY CASH ANYMORE. Get with it and start splitting checks or train your servers to do that with large groups. There is no reason to make things more difficult for customers and servers will get better tips.
2	$8 for a well vodka/tonic at Majerle's? Are you serious? I haven't paid that much for a well drink except for fancy resorts and pricey bars in LA or NYC.  That drink and a tall Blue Moon last night came out to a ludicrous $16 before tip. Perhaps this is special highway robbery pricing for unsuspecting NBA All Star visitors?!TVs are awkwardly placed, but the exposed brick lends a time-worn atmosphere to this cozy sports bar.  $16 just isn't worth it though. Too many other bars in the vicinity to waste your time.
1	Are you a douche bag?  Do you have more money than sense?  Does it make you all warm and fuzzy to way overpay for a mediocre drink?  If so, Majerle's is the place for you!  Personally, I never cared for the "owner" when he was with the Suns, and this establishment has done nothing to change that opinion.  The food is bland at best, but for the prices it should have a little flavor.  I'm not sure what criteria the staff uses when deciding who to grace with their presence, but the female servers sure weren't responding to me (a woman) even when I held out a $20.00 - my 6'3" friend had much better luck, he was the one that had to order my drink.  I'm disappointed, this is such an easy place to hit on a light rail pub crawl or before or after a game or concert, but I just don't think I can bring myself to go back willingly.
4	Majerle's serves a wicked reuben: that melted swiss, sauerkraut, and thinly sliced corned beef gets you to that point where you food coma out after your lunch break and make for a very unproductive end of the workday in downtown Phoenix.  Go Warriors!!!
5	Dropped in late Sunday afternoon after shooting photos for a few hours. Was tired and welcomed warmly by Arthur behind the bar. He introduced himself and shook both and my photo buddies hand. While I had only a Coke it was refreshed with a new one when I got to about 1/2 way. My buddy ended up ordering two club sandwiches and judging by the fact that a) he ordered two and b) the plate looked mighty clean they were pretty darn yummy. I've been the Majerle's before this visit was very nice and I would definitely come back...will come back this time with an appetite.
1	I took my two children here after going to the museum on a Saturday afternoon.  I ordered a fruit plate to start with and then we were going to share a hamburger.  She asked how I'd like it cooked and I said "medium".  When my fruit plate was dropped off by another person, no silverware or napkins were left.  We started eating the fruit with our fingers.  The waitress walked by and saw us.  I assumed she was going to get silverware.  But then I didn't see her again until she brought the hamburger.  There were so many things wrong at this time.  First, the fact that I had to ask for silverware and napkins in a restaurant is absurd.  Especially seeing that I have 2 children under the age of 4.  I obviuosly need napkins!  But the hamburger was WELL done and absolutely tasteless.  There was nothing on it.  I had to ask for mustard.  When I ordered the hamburger I told her it was for us 3 to split.  She just brought over the hamburger on one plate with no extras.  I had to cut the hamburger into pieces and tear one of our drink napkins to put the burgers on for my kids.At this point I was so annoyed and tired and wanted to leave.  I asked for the check when she finally walked by a few minutes later (she never came by to ask how anything was).  I didn't even want to bother complaining and waiting to get more food.  After a long day, I just wanted to leave.  But I would never come back again.
3	Typical sports bar, nothing special here.  Good thing I don't drink, especially after reading some of the reviews.We started with TENDERLOIN SLIDERS (thinly sliced Filet Mignon served as a slider, not bad).I had PETIE'S CROISSANT (A typical croissant sandwich with turkey).  It was good, but nothing special.  Overall, I wouldn't mind coming back for lunch, but I wouldn't ever go out of my way for it though.
4	I did not expect to like this place as much as I did!  It was a real treat with good food and a nice atmosphere!My son had the kids menu chicken fingers, and they were HUGE!  Three large pieces of chicken and fries, and he was happy.  They were perfectly cooked, not like typical kids fare.I had a gourmet cheeseburger and it really was good.  Prices were reasonable, and service was spot on.  I would go back in a heartbeat when downtown.Enjoy!
4	I always have a good time at Majerle's. The food is consistently good and service hasn't failed me yet. Most recently i've tried the Rojo Diablo sandwich (chicken breast fried & dipped in wing sauce of choice) with medium buffalo sauce... Yum! Nice and spicy but not torturous. Their crispy fries were good dipped in the extra sauce i got on the side too!  =)   My friends had some of the other sandwiches and the Asian Chicken salad. I got to try the salad and i may get that next time i'm there. The Asian dressing (sesame ginger) is really tasty! If you happen to be there on a day when they have Tortilla Soup, i'd recommend giving it a try too.Drinking here can get pricey; i usually only drink here during happy hour when things are cheap.  They have a bunch of tv's and offer specials during MNF too.
4	I had to ask how to pronounce the name. It's pronounced "marleys". Like an idiot, I was calling it Ma-jer-els. (I knew I was wrong, but still.) Glad I got that straightened out. If you've seen any of my other Yelp reviews, you would know that I love old buildings; and I like businesses that reuse old buildings. This one was built in the late 1800s and is one of the oldest still standing in Phoenix. Majerle's has been in the building since 1992, and that is impressive. Let's be honest, downtown Phoenix kinda really sucked in the early 90s. That they have managed to stay open for almost 20 years gets bonus points in my book. I had the BBQ chicken wrap, some mild wings, and a beer. (Well, I split it with someone, I am watching my figure.) I liked it. I liked it more than I thought I would since it's a sports bar. And it wasn't any more expensive than any other sports bar. I really liked the exposed brick walls that echoed stories from bygone years and sighed in relief that the wrecking ball never came. Thank you to Majerle's for having vision and bringing value to downtown Phoenix.
3	So I know Abu J. has given me the advice to stop going out with losers, and I have yet to take him up on his advice, but after my latest outing I think I will have to.  I was hanging out at home when I got the call to hang out with this guy for a low key night.  I had to remind him it was Monday Night Football and the NLDS game of Phillies v. Rockies.  So he suggests we hit up Majerle's, which I'm down for because it means more sport watching and less talking.So I find my way down here, and say screw it to paying for parking.  After the whole $20 to park at Westgate, I'm down to take my chances at getting a parking ticket.  It's ridiculous how much the city makes off of parking, parking tickets, and the ever illustrious DUIs.Anyways, I go into Majerle's, completely ignored by the hostess out front.  Glad to know she's getting paid $8.50 to not talk to anyone and act pretty...  Settle down at the bar and order a Blue Moon, because it's a Monday, it's football, it's baseball, and I'm preparing for another laborious date.Halfway through my beer my date arrives.  Which wouldn't be cool, but I need to get good and drunk so I deal.  He automatically decides we need to get wings.  Thanks for deciding...because I have no thoughts of my own.  Apparently him being a gentleman meant he would talk shit on the wings I wanted, then reluctantly give in to getting the boneless buffalo wings.  Which are $5 along with four other appetizers during their 4-8 pm happy hour.  Good deal there!The wings come out within 15 minutes or so and they look...odd.  It looks like someone sliced tofu and lightly fried them, then dipped them in excessive amounts of sauce.  Definitely not the most appetizing item to look at.  I wished they looked better, because then I wouldn't have the hippie making fun of me the whole time.  They tasted okay, but the look alone was too much of a turn off to enjoy.The bartender disappeared after we ordered the wings, so we spent some time waiting for her to discover us again so we could order our entree.  Oh how I wished she had taken our order earlier.  I had to listen to the douche hippie talk smack on the Angels and how people die all the time so Adenhart's death didn't matter.  Yeah...that deserved a total smack in the face.  Or complete beat down.  Don't ever hate of my Angels or commit blasphemy against Adenhart.  I will not stand for that, especially if I've had a few drinks in me.Anyways, so I eventually order the veggie wrap with chicken and he gets the chicken parmesan.  Not too much time passes, so I could enjoy the flat screens and watch the Dolphins show Mark Sanchez how to play a real football game.  The wrap comes, and it's huge!  I enjoyed the fruit salad of pineapple and grapes.  And the actually spinach tortilla and veggies were good, but the chicken just dragged the wrap down.  It was so bland and tasteless.  I wish I would have just gone pure veggie.I had a couple rounds of beer after that, just to pass the time until the Dolphins could be declared the official winners.  Conversation came and went with the people at the bar, far more interesting than the person I was with.  The beers came and went, and soon it was time to peace out.  When I saw the tab, I was glad I didn't have to pay.  $60+ to "enjoy" conversation with a tool and overpriced food and drinks.  Sometimes it's good to be a girl...
4	majerle's is our downtown pre-event standby. tuesday night's atmosphere was notably fun - seriously. the staff was all decked out in halloween costumes and the mood was really energetic. it was a nice recovery from the tom's tavern disappointment 30 minutes earlier.we shared a pile of wings. he drank beer and i was drinking my new standard, a vodka tonic with 1/2 club soda. an obnoxious drink? sure. but so what? our absolutely awesome server didn't show the slightest bit of annoyance toward me or my drink order.  she was genuinely sweet. i appreciate that. as far as the food and drink, our wings were hot, as requested, slightly breaded, tasty and served quickly. our server was on the ball, bringing a new beer almost immediately after he finished the previous one. awesome! this location is consistently good, quick and friendly. and that makes me happy.
1	Terrible service.
2	We have a group of 6. Everyone got their meals except for me. I wanted to see if the waiter was going back to get my meal, but he never came back. After 5mins, one of my friend had to go to get the waiter. My meal was not put in the system. He never came to apologize. When everyone was more than 1/2 way finished with their meals, out come mine. The Chicken Cordon Blu was good, but the service from the waiter was terrible.
1	I'm not really fond of writing sub par reviews. I really covet being wowed, I like being pleasantly surprised, and I can have a perfectly merry day with a run of the mill meal. Unfortunately, there are some experiences that don't fit in to any of my "I will return again and again or at least recommend to friends" template.  Majerle's is one of those experiences.I know that I should definitely give this place another try but only because I had such a bad time I think that it must have been entirely abnormal because it would be out of business if it was run this way daily. When I arrived on Sunday afternoon (right as the Cardinals game was about to start), there were several content tables already enjoying their beer and bar fare. I must say that the food wasn't terrible. I wouldn't classify it as anything special or something that I would crave on any particular day. But the wings were crisp, the salad was fresh'ish' and the burger was prepared to the temp I ordered. This is where the one star came from. Decent food (good temp, tastes like what it's supposed to, sans hair, ect) deserves some credit.    If I could give negative stars for service, this would be a -5 Stars type of place. Our server was either hung over or was just entirely uninterested in doing ANYTHING that her job description calls for. She greeted us about ten minutes after we sat down (although it was a Cardinals game day, the bar was probably about half full). She took our drink order and returned with our drinks ages later (well, another almost ten minutes). I was starving and ready to order food but wasn't able to because she slammed the drinks on the table and left again. I flagged down another server and he was so kind as to send ours back. FINALLY I ordered. Again, the food was fine. It wasn't, however, fine enough to cancel out the fact that our appetizer was delivered 20 minutes laster followed IMMEDIATELY by our entree's. Ok. Fine. But, the salad was wrong the first time (Note: When your guests are ordering, it helps to listen to what they actually want. It is NOT a good practice to forget and then just 'guess' what they said). And our server didn't even deliver our food so we couldn't order another drink until we flagged her down again. We ordered another two beers and waited. And waited. And waited. I saw our beers sitting on the bar and our server chatting in the corner to another associate. We couldn't get her attention so my dining companion/boyfriend went to the bar himself to get them. In fact, we didn't see our server again for the rest of the meal. I was so irate at this point that I wanted to leave immediately and spend our Sunday afternoon football watching/beer drinking pennies elsewhere. I flagged down the same server I asked to find my server the first time and had him do my bidding again (he seemed to be working, why couldn't I have sat in HIS section?) She came over, mumbled some apology about having to get our own beers and dropped our check.   Bright points: They have a great tv set up for football watching. Multiple tv's tuned to every single game you could imagine. Not so Bright Points: For me, watching football at a sports bar has necessary accoutrements (steady flow of beer, timely delivery of food, ect) to make it enjoyable. This mark was completely missed due entirely to the complete disregard our server had for her job. Or her guests.Downright Dim points: Well, this review pretty much sums it up. If I'm in the area and kind of desperate, perhaps I'll try it again. Probably Not.
4	This is a great place for out-of-towners to catch their sports teams in action. Bar selection was great. Friendly servers are all attentive and very good for menu recommendations. Thoroughly enjoyed myself, even though my team winning that night probably helped my mood. :-)
3	Your standard sports bar fare, reasonably priced and served with a smile.  Good for a beer and a sandwich while watching a game.
3	I stopped into the downtown location of Majerle's while in Phoenix on business.  The food was good but nothing to write home to mom about as it was just your typical bar grub.  However, the joint was clean, the beer was cold and the wait staff was friendly and hot...this place is A-OK with me lol
3	I was a frequent visitor at Marjele's when I interned for the Phoenix Suns last season. It is a frequent stop for Suns employees...when we decide we can afford it or are celebrating someone's birthday. Thanks to Mr. Majerle we get a 10% discount that you can't complain about and if you ask the employees nicely, get a frequent meal club card thingy so you can at least get a free meal every once in awhile.I admit the food is pretty bland, but it gets the job done when it comes to having only an hour-ish lunch break. I always end up getting the Amundson Chicken Sandwich or the Chicken Ceasar Wrap...mostly so I can eat those crunchy delicious fries (similar to Yard House fries if you've had those). The service is hit or miss...but that's ok. It's what you have to expect and just deal with it. It's always fun for us huge Suns fans to stop in there before or after the games to see some players and coaches, watch some ESPN, and have a great time.
4	"Thunder Dan" lives on in Downtown Phoenix!  This is a very good choice if you're looking for a cool sports bar atmosphere before/during/or after a Suns/Dbacks game while in downtown.  The ambiance is great being dimmly lit, having exposed bricks, newer newer flat screens tv's and surround sound that really makes you feel apart of the game.  I'm only commenting this place as a bar and not on its food.  I don't think this would be in my top twenty of choices to eat at with so many other great dining choices nearby.  Only come here for the scene and the drinks, you really can't go wrong with that at Majerle's!
2	A coworker and I were ignored by the staff and I haven't been back. There were no other customers in the bar, only the bartender and we could see other servers in the back walking around. It's not like they were busy. After sitting there for a few minutes, someone came by to give us waters. By the time our water was gone, we still had not seen our sever again to order. We just left and went to Hard Rock Cafe.
1	The food is overpriced and so are the drinks. The atmosphere is not casual and the place is not very inviting. The hostess was not friendly and neither was the staff inside. I did not enjoy coming to this place and I don't think I'll be returning.
4	02.07.10Great place to catch the big game.  TV screens everywhere, projector screen on blast.  Surround sound.Beer isn't cheap, but the wings are on special during football [http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/kHpXJ2vciumu2KhNHg0hYA?select=8PgwEaa1nqdCt9c0zP3tBQ]!
5	"Hey Dan! How's it going?" "It's going good! You?""I'm great! Good game last night.""Thanks man!"This is the conversation I had with Dan Majerle the last time I was there. There's NOT a better sportsbar downtown the Majerle's. Great beer selection, great food, great location, and if your luckey you can talk to Dan freaking Majerle! That guy drains 3's and half court shots like a stripper uses her pole. Majerle's is a MUST on game day. Before, after, or both.
1	ever been to dick's last resort? you know, the restaurant we're the servers are intentionally angry and mean because its funny (kinda) and its the theme? well, this should be majerles theme cuz the service is horrid, horrid, horrid. ive never had even mediocre service there. in fact, most of their "servers" seem to lack a pulse...something that should be manditory for the position. how these people survive on tips is beyond me...americans are just generous people i guess.
1	Great atmosphere.  Awful food.  Everyone looked like they were working hard to make everyone happy.  Except maybe the cooks.  The food was gross.  Good Ranch dressing and fries though.  Thank goodness.
1	The last time I was in Phoenix I had a business dinner here and ordered their wings and then some special meal (included salad, chicken and something else).  The place was empty and the waitress was actually bothered we had chosen to eat dinner in her section.  To make a long story short - I got sick that night with some type of food poisoning and spent the next 12 hours trying to sleep between throwing up and running a fever.  Will definitely never go back.
2	Good chill spot after a game. Old school music videos in the background where it makes you reminisce of the good old days. Crowd vary in age and are there for a fun time. Drinks are cheap.Here's the downfall. Food didn't look appetizing. Generic food that looks as if it came from a frozen box and was heated in a microwave. Wouldn't be surprised. I would stay away from there drink specials. It may be cheap but thats because there's no alcohol! My friend ordered a blue hurricane for $4 but asked for a shot for it since there was no hint of alcohol whatsoever. With the shot it came out to $12. So much for drink specials. They ordered another drink special in hopes it would be better. Fail. Sad to say but they returned it. Stick with beer. You can't go wrong with the flavor and amount of alcohol in it
5	This place is awesome! Great atmosphere, cheap prices on drinks and food, and really tasty bar food. The cotton club room is the best!
1	Ridiculous expensive drink prices...$16 for a double tall vodka soda. The manager is an A$$. Flip side...cute cocktail waitresses.
4	Every sports town should have a bar like this (just outside the arena). It's the first stop for conventioneers wandering into town (for a drink, post show). This ain't the place if you're looking for a quiet spot.. However, if you're looking for a lively and well furnished sports-bar, with attractive waitstaff, this place is great. The back room has huge leather booths. The outdoor seating is nice too--it can get a little wild after the events let loose.
1	I was very excited to try Majerle's several years ago.  I am a huge Suns fan, and we usually eat dinner near the arena before games.   Needless to say I was so disappointed. The food was not great and while we were eating a HUGE roach went crawling up the brick wall next to our table.  I couldn't finish my dinner and I hightailed it outa there!!! Never ever been back!!!
4	They did have unique items to Majerle's, but for the most part typical sports bar grub. The service was outstanding!! The best I have had ina long time.... Well worth the visit...
5	I have to give this place 5 stars. Yes, 5 stars! I am not a big fan of watching sports on TV since I love the joy of being at the game, however the energy at this location is better than attending a sporting event. The food is great. I mean "GREAT". I have enjoyed everything on the menu I have tasted so far. There is something on the menu for everyone and any type of dietary need. My favorites are the Boneless Wings, Chicken Strips (real white meat), and the Taco Salad. I am surprised the French Fries have not put McDonalds out of business. They are addicting. To top it off the they have top notch service. I have never had a problem, compliant or been disappointed. You can tell the employees love the place that they work out and enjoy to serve the patrons.My office has had several private parties at this location. They have two areas where you can throw parties. My favorite is the Cotton Room. It is a private room that is very hip, urban, all white with glass mirrors surrounding the room. Kinda like a mini retro dance space. It has plush leather white seating, big screen tv's and a private bar. The resturant does catering and take-out.
3	2.57/5 just okay, not particularly compelling.there aren't many joints in downtown phoenix, popped in here today.the food selection looked standard, nothing too appealing. i found it odd/disappointing that they didn't do beer by the pitchers, since a whole group of us came by. another off thing was that they were playing these old, weird music videos. but it wasn't even in any kind of cool retro way, they were just random music videos that were competing against various sports channels.also. sangria was weak. it was juice.
3	I went here today for lunch and thought that it was alright. The place is much bigger than it looks from outside and has pretty cool decorations for a sports bar. The food was just alright. We got the gorilla wings with garlic and chili sauce and they were very good. They had a crispy skin and the sauce was mild but tasty. I had the sir charles chicken sandwich and it was really dry. There was too much bread and not much sauce on it. It was a very generic chicken sandwich and I would not order it again. I guess if you are looking for a sports bar, this is alright, but maybe stick to the apps.
4	Normal bar food late night menu. Went there after a basketball game to grab a burger. The atmosphere was nice and the bathrooms are clean. I have had drinks there a couple times too and the small, intimate size always makes the place look full.
5	I've been at this location since it was opened and I must say this past weekend, I think I experienced the best service!  The Asian Chicken Salad -awesome!  Two people can eat this salad it's so BIG!  I was there twice this weekend, I also had a chicken sandwich which was great and fullfilling.  The waitress remembered what we drank so that was great.  I was with a large group of people and the staff at Majerle's took care of everyone really well.    The Strawberry Fields Salad looks really good as well, yumm!!!
3	Cool joint... large menu : sandwiches, salads, soups, wraps, burgers etc..TV's..alcohol..indoor/outdoor seating..good service. Went during my lunch hour so speediness in the kitchen counts and food came out quickly and was pretty tasty. This place is prob best for lunch and after work drinks/snacks not sure about dinner. Was hard to sit at a bar on my lunch hour and not order a drink..i have decided taking me to a bar on my lunch hour is not such a good idea. Will have to check this place out for an after work drink sometime and see what its like and maybe up my stars on it.
3	Thought I would try Majerle's Sports Grill for lunch. I haven't been there in about 12 years. I've always liked the atmosphere and it's still nice. Sat at the bar and based on the reviews I've read, I was expecting some great things from the staff. While the service was prompt, it wasn't very friendly. I'm a pretty plain eater, so I had the turkey sandwich, with mayo on the side, The meat was excellent, but the bun was a little disappointing. If I go back, I'll ask for it on white sandwich bread. The prices are a little steep, but with such a location, that's expected (Convention Center across the street and the Suns and Diamondbacks just one block south). For a Monday afternoon, there was quite a crowd there (mostly businessmen and some convention attendees).
3	This place is definitely a sports bar. Can get pretty crowded before game time as it is a couple of streets from Chase Field (where the Diamondbacks lose...er, play) and America West Arena (or whatever its called this week - where Los Suns play!). The food is pretty good and reasonably priced. Sometimes Dan Majerle, owner and former Suns player, will come through. Its fun to watch him grope the female servers (please tip those girls well!). I'd suggest it for smaller games and for nights when there is no game, too busy on game nights to really enjoy.
4	I liked this place a lot. I came in after a game and sat for a while having a few beers waiting for a friend to show up.  I had a really good Reuben sandwich.  The crowd was pretty friendly   Nice kinda upscale restaurant / sports bar.  Not sure how many more times I will be back in Phoenix Az but if I do, I would check this out again.  Really close to the sports arena as well.  Big plus.
2	Wow, what a disappointment!  I was not impressed with this place.  It was the night of the NCAA BB Finals and the front bar was too packed.  We went to the the back room and small patio area to join some friends who were part of a large party.  There was hardly any room back there either and the server ignored us for most of the night.  We had to serve ourselves by going into the bar.  We also had to bus our own tables because nobody came out to clean up.  Also, the back room was very muggy and humid....this can't be the first time they've done large parties, right?!Like I said, I expected more out of this place and left disappointed.Return Factor - 10%
2	Good place to watch a game but the food is terrible.  Went there about four times and had to send the food back every time because it was cold!
4	I have gone here a couple of times for a pregame to events at US Airways Center.  This time was no exception. I would describe the place as a upscale sports bar.  The service was great, I always had something to drink and the food has always been tasty.I had the Buffalo chicken wrap with French fries. I would definitely order this again! It was absolutely delicious!!  I also had a spicy bloody mary which was standard, as well as some mimosas.  The mimosas were delicious and came with a mini bottle of champagne in its own little "ice bucket".  Which was just one part of an ice shaker with the mini bottle nestled inside, but it was genius :)The happy hour looked nice but was not valid during event nights, which was disappointing.  I will definitely visit again :)
4	Not bad. Came here for happy hour before the Dbacks game, where Majerle's is ideally situated a few blocks away. Got wicked strong margaritas and some decent, although not memorable appetizers, all at a very reasonable price. Beer menu was slightly lacking in my opinion. Service was attentive and friendly too, and good outdoor seating.
4	I enjoy going to any Marjele's. They have good drinks as well as good food which is something you can't say about every bar.They also have various locations so if this Marjele's doesn't suit your taste, another might will. This Marjele's is smaller so if you don't want to be bombarded by an obnoxious crowded bar where you can barely move around then this must be your lucky day!If you come for happy hour be prepared to pay for parking unless you're coming by another means or you know a secret free spot before the meters are free.I always enjoy the music at Marjele's and of course whatever game is on.  Marjele's has a nice vibe so if you haven't been or  you're looking for your next bar, you should definitely give Marjele's a shot ;)
4	We visited Majerle's to kill some traffic time leaving downtown. I came with no expectations and only wanted a drink and some downtime to cap off the evening. Well, this was accomplished! And well might I add. We sat at the bar, were greeted prompty and served politely. Both bartenders were personable and efficient. The crowd around seemed upbeat, business casual and relaxed. Decent, though not overly crowded scene for a Saturday night. The menu looked diverse and varied drinks available. Decor was clean, modern, and comforting. Prices were on par for the area and venue. Really not a ton I can comment on as it was one drink (It really was, too!). No, not "two", TOO! Seems like a nice place to relax when downtown. Would I drive here just for Majerle's? Nope. Would I pop in if downtown wanting a drink or some food? For sure.
3	We went here yesterday before the baseball game for lunch. I had a bacon burger, my mom had a french dip, my step dad a reuben and my daughter a cheese crisp. I also substituted my fries for cheese fries. Positive: the bacon on my burger was AMAZING!!!, the fries were crisp fresh hot and they gave you a lot of them, the staff was super nice, we could sit where ever we wanted (but there wasn't many people there yet), they had a good variety of things on their menu and drink menu, they had pretty good drinks specials. the au jus for the french dip was tasty, my step dad recommends the reuben and my mom agreed (I didn't taste it because I dont eat sauerkraut) Negative: the cheese fries stunk... I think it was the cheese they used (a kind of cheddar) but I wished I had just got regular fries after they came, the cheese crisp was over cooked and cold, my mom did not like the sandwich part of her french dip (just too boring and she even added mushrooms and onions), and the prices were well kind of over priced (I didn't think my burger was worth 9 bucks) It was good, but I think I would only go back to drink alcohol.
5	Just a few blocks from Chase field & US airway arena. Great beer selections and specials. I recommend the chicken wings.
4	I go to Majerle's when I have an event downtown or waiting for a concert to start at US Airways. The martini selection is great! The cucumber martini is so refreshing. It's not on the menu, but if you ask, they will make it for you. They also have daily drink specials. Last time I went, it was $4 long islands. What a deal! The best appetizer is the buffalo shrimp. The shrimp are butterflied, slightly breaded and fried. The crunch on the shrimp is amazing. And then they are coated with just the right amount of buffalo sauce. The only downside is that you only get about 6 to an order. The loaded potato skins are very good also.
4	One afternoon, as the All Stars were about to take to Chase Field and play America's favorite pastime, we stopped into Marjele's for a bite to eat. First of all, it was July and for people like us who live in Arizona, the heat is here to stay and we learn to deal with it. However, for visitors from all around, the 110 degree weather means that they will not eat outside. So we had the choice to wait for an indoor table or take the patio seating that had immediate seating -- and I mean, every seat was available on the patio. The hostess looked at us like we were crazy as we took the patio and we proceeded to order food. Now, contrary to common belief, just because a sports bar is named after an athlete, doesn't mean that athlete frequents there every day. But on this particular day, Dan Marjele happened to walk into Marjeles. The irony cracked us up because we knew that the out of towners probably assumed this is a regular occurrence. And hey, maybe it is! Anyway, this is the perfect bar to grab a quick and decent bite to eat before a sporting event downtown. The buffalo chicken is delicious, as is the Chicken Teriyaki sandwich and any other wrap on the menu. It's one or two notches above generic bar food and the drinks also flow nicely. They have plenty of TVs inside so even if you don't go to the game, it's still a fun atmosphere to sit and watch the game on the TV. I wouldn't drive to Downtown Phoenix just to visit Marjeles, but this is definitely one of my choices when I'm looking for a sports bar before or after the game in Downtown Phoenix.
3	Good food.  I had the Rojo Diablo chicken sandwich.  The wing sauce has a good kick.  The fries left some to be desired.  They're the smaller cut variety like those served at Steak and Shake.  On the side I was given a small cup of ranch.  Even that was good.  Not cheap watery stuff like I've been served at other places.One pitfall to my visit was service.  It was slow despite an abundance of waitress' and not many customers.  It was Sunday morning prior to kickoff and the place was just beginning to fill up.  To make matters worse a different waitress assisted every step of the way: one took my order, one brought the food, another went for my refills.  My friend had to ask two different girls for our check.Had I not been occupied with a game I would have been annoyed at the service quality and wait.  Majerle's should also take a look at their satellite boxes.  Two or three of their screens were frozen.  Not a good thing to have happen when folks come in to watch games.  One tv was frozen the entire duration of our stay.  Other places I've been to are always on top of malfunctions.  If you can't get one game to come in then change it to another.Go for the food, not to watch games.
4	Stopped in for happy hour and had a couple beers and gorilla wings.  Pros: the wings were big and delicious, and they have a decent beer selection (domestics, Guiness, Four Peaks) Cons: Its a little bit cramped
5	Great service & yummy food. Enjoyed watching the game while there. Fun atmosphere!
4	my wife and i went there last month, to have drinks, eat, and watch ufc. the food was great. drinks are good. the prices were a tad higher but nothing that bad.  great place to watch ufc or football. we went there for ufc and the asu vs au game was that night.
4	Hamburger bun too big and should be toasted. Meat patty too big for bun and not enough flavor.   Fun and great service
4	Awesome sports bar- and this coming from a girl who doesn't even like sports! Came here before a D-back game, and on a couple of Pub Crawls. Each time, the place was packed, yet each time, still got excellent service. Very friendly waitress and bartenders. Drinks came fast and good times were had. Decent menu, similar to other sports bars, lots of burgers and wings. Great choice when your downtown.
4	Fun to hangout here during Sunday football! Also fun place to watch baseball games on TV. It can get pretty busy before the PHX teams have home games, but other than that it's pretty decent. They have great specials on Sunday morning/afternoons on beer, Bloody Marys and Mimosas. Sandwiches are great. If you haven't tried the Traverse City wings you haven't LIVED! Service is decent, not the best downtown, but certainly not the worst. I find if you sit at the bar you'll get more attention than at a table when it gets busy.
3	Been there several times over the years, but this past weekend the service was AWEFUL!  I would think a place like this would be used to busy crowds.  The food is great, but the service (wait staff) need more help!
5	yum yum yum burger.... enough said!
3	Good place to just chill.  Love the patio!Buffalo wings = super spicy.  Not pleasant when you have to regurgitate it at the end of the night due to massive consumption of alcohol all weekend long.Asian Chicken Salad, to hold us girls over.  The plate was huge and fed 6 mouths successfully.Drinks are average in price.
4	Ahhhhhh.  This place was a bright spot in the somewhat shitty ass time I had finding a good place to grab a drink, watch some sports and eat some good food.  This place had all three, not to mention a COMPETENT staff who actually believe the customer is right.  Go figure.  I stop in across from the conference which had wrapped up earlier.  I ask about drink specials.  The bartender apologized, since she had forgotten what it was, but within a minute she told me it was strawberry vodka lemonade.  Well, that sounds fantastic.  So I had that and a strawberry fields salad, which was this glorious field of greens with strawberries, feta and walnuts, with a strawberry vinaigrette.  Oh, hell yes.  This is what mama needed.They also understand that hey, we're like five feet away from the local sports arenas, and we're named after a local sports god, let's get some good shit up!  And lo and behold the Rangers playoff game was on.  Well all righty.  No one was moving me at that point.  I also got to try their cheese fries.  It's real cheese, but the fries were just ok.  They were the super skinny fries but the flavoring was good.  After the shitty time I had with food in this region, this place was awesome and I would just go back SPECIFICALLY for the salad, that's how good it was.
3	This place gets packed for lunch! The menu is extensive and moderately priced. My friend and I both had turkey burgers and both of us were really pleased! I recommend the green chile burger :-). Delish. The fries were great- skinny, shoestring fries. I only gave this 3 stars because it is your typical sports bar- lots of TVs, nothing special. But the food is great. I would be a repeat customer of I lived in Phoenix!
4	Very good food and nice atmosphere. I tried the tenderloin sliders and they were fantastic. My daughter had the kids meal of chicken and fries and she loved the flavor. We also ordered dessert of the chocolate eruption which had cheesecake bites in it. That was worth the calories. :DThe only downside is when it got busier we were a bit ignored by our waitress. Took several tries to get her to come over. Other than that, the entire meal and service was  good.
3	Typical sports bar, other then being owned by Dan Majerle. Nice location, right on the metro rail.  Bit on the pricy side.
5	Always have a great time here.. attentive staff. Good drinks and fun. Nothing else is necessary
4	YUMMY! I came here with a group of girl friends, with the recommendation from one of the workers at the hotel we were staying at, and I am really glad we listened. We went in on a Tuesday night and the place was packed, luckily we were able to get the last available table for six.There are televisions everywhere, and loud music playing, we couldn't even hear ourselves talk! It was a fun environment, and the food is delicious. Everyone loved what they ordered. I had the teriyaki chicken sandwich with fries, so good! Apparently some dishes were featured on Food Network :)If I ever had to go back to Phoenix, I would definitely make a stop here!-R
4	Well I am grateful for Marjeles not only on game days but on Sundays as well! I will be so happy when Downtown Phoenix starts thriving to the point that restaurants decide to open their doors on Sundays (most don't). However, until that hopeful day comes, I will rely on Marjele's to feed me since they are one of the few restaurants who stay open on Sundays. Mareje's provides solid food. Food that you will know what you're getting yourself into before you get there. They also have several TVs and always provide quick and friendly service.
4	Chelsea, Dalia, and Jamie.....All I can say is these three each remembered what I drank the last time I was in the place...To me that speaks volumes more than any killer happy hour special could.  Very tightly run place. Well worth the stop if you happen to be downtown.
2	Ugh - stopped in here before a Diamonbacks game and quickly left after a beer. It's tiny, cramped (but not in a fun, packed house kind of way), and so very dark. It was kind of a mood killer. They do have a patio but didn't have the misters on and weren't serving out there. With all the beautiful weather we get in Arizona, I hate being cooped up in dark small places.
2	PASS...Very mediocre food when surrounded by a lot of great options.  I can't believe the food network came here?!
1	Was told this is the best place in downtown Phoenix to catch a game. It's not. They play crappy music instead of the sound from games, food is typical sports bar junk, and drinks are expensive. On top of that the crowd is pretty crappy unless you like washed up jocks acting like they own the town. If that's your thing, this is your spot.
5	Good service and location, food is great too!
4	i had a great time here; waitresses/service was good- no complaints! i had a burger which tasted straight from a grill n homemade, wasnt a fan of the stringy fries tho, loud music that might bust ur ears if u heard it long enuf,... thr are lots of tvs to enjoy any game on :) all in all i wud come here another time... too bad i didnt see thunder dan
4	Good place for a beer. Excellent boneless wings.
2	Not a bad place. Probably one of your better bets if you're meeting someone for lunch(it's down Phoenix after all!) The atmosphere is lively enough with every sporting event showing on the multiple tvs. Service was good, and fast and efficient for the lunch crowd.The menu consists of the usual burgers and sandwiches. My chicken sandwich was dry and uninspired. The one thing that stood out was the chunky bleu cheese dressing. If anything I could maybe find myself back here for a couple off beers and some of that bleu cheese with a side of wings.Probably fun pre or post game. Otherwise, don't see myself coming back.
2	Place got great reviews as a local sports bar so we decided to step in on a trip. Nothing bad, but all in all was just a typical sports bar with barfood. If that's what you're looking for and give it a shot. But if you're looking for a little bit more of a great dining experience I would look somewhere else locally.
2	"My vodka soda tastes like water. Lame." July 5th 2012Yeah, this place was pretty mediocre...which says a lot considering how uninteresting Phoenix is at night.The place was packed, the drinks were pricey, and the waitress made sure to let us know after we sat down that we had to go to the bar to order our drinks as she was off duty. And...my vodka soda tasted like water.
3	I stopped by here for a quick bite before a performance at the Symphony Hall. I had the Potato Skins for $11 with chicken for an additional $2 dollars. The Food was excellent but I thought it was a tad too pricey. The sever was friendly and attentive. I would stop in here for drinks after a game in the future.
4	We stopped in for a bit to eat and some sports watching the other night. My boyfriend had never been before and we are close to down town so it seemed a great idea. Pleased we were! First we got a bomb parking spot right out the front door and it wasn't too crowded so we got a nice table and served quickly. They have happyhour until 7pm, which I love! Most place stop at 6, which sucks since most people cant make it anywhere without driving light speed before 6pm after work. So 7pm cut off for HH is a great find! Pass it on!We ordered the boneless wings to start with half medium sauce and half of their special TD sauce, I recommend both! TD sauce is similar to Zipps Golden sauce if you know what that is like, but better. Then I got the chicken tacos, very good. Enjoyed them greatly! Exactly what I was looking for, hit the spot! Jon got some kinda spicy pasta, which when it hit the table looked amazing, however big prob, they put mushrooms in it, this isn't listed on the menu and Jon is allergic. They took care of it quickly though, remade his selection sans mushrooms and we found out it was as good as it looked. Very nice staff, clean inside, fast service, lots of TVs.... and great happyhour specials!
4	Watched Game 1 of the World Series here and had a great time, typical bar food, but excellent service and let us take our time, checked in with us regularly but not too pushy either.
2	Majerles will not be on my list of go-to places the next time I am in the Phoenix area.Ordered a Caesar salad with grilled shrimp and a side of avocado.  I feel like this is one of the few things you really cannot mess up when dining out anywhere, but the plate I had at Majerles was supremely subpar - there weren't many pieces of shrimp on the salad.  It was mostly a big plate of green with a few shrimps and they weren't well-seasoned either.  A few pieces of shrimp were really bland and then some were over-seasoned with whatever spice they threw on there.  The side of avocados was not a pleasant sight, they actually gave it to me on a small plate and the slices were half-browned by the time the plate arrived on the table.  Sure, I occasionally eat partially-browned avocados at home in my own kitchen, but I wouldn't serve it up to someone if I owned my own restaurant!  The service was attentive, but not overbearing.  Our server was really nice.  I'd be much more interested exploring the other dining options that are available in the area instead of returning to Majerles next time I'm in Phoenix.
4	Great sports bar in downtown Phoenix!  The servers are amazing too!  Great place to have a beer and watch sports on TV.
4	It is pretty loud in here, but other than that I like the food. The chicken sandwich and the fries are great.
4	I went to the Clippers' and Suns' game a few days ago in Phoenix (from California).  Since I am an NBA Lover, especially of the 90's, I had to see Thunder Dan's spot before the game.  I ordered the Sir Charles Chicken Sandwich, named after the Suns' legend...The food was good, just like anything you can get from a sit down restaurant and the service was great.  The waitress Leslie took good care of our group.  She knew we were visiting from California, so had some great recommendations for us.  I would come here again and I suggest you do.  Thunder Dan has a great spot; no wonder this place has been in business since 1992!!!!
5	Great service..great food...very fast!
4	My husband likes Majerle's because it's nostalgic for him.  He grew up when Thunder Dan played for the Suns.  We keep coming here because we like the food and the atmosphere. Yes, it's a sports bar.  If we can't be at the game, my husband wants to be in a sports bar watching the game. So we go to Majerle's.  We've never had bad service of all the times we've been here.  We came here during a Suns game one night, with the intention of watching the game, and since it was a big game I remember the service being slower than at other times but I didn't really care because we intended to be there a while anyway.  I've never had to ask for a refill of my water.  Our order has always been correct.  (My husband and I are notorious for substitutions.)  The hostess and waitresses are always friendly too.
4	Ordered a burger, and it was GREAT!  Thought it'd be a typical sports bar type burger, but it tasted pretty gourmet.  Decently priced drinks, and walking distance from the arena.  Will definitely stop by if I'm ever in the area for a sporting event again.
4	I came here a couple of times while on vacation catching a few suns games and have always left happy.service is good,food is good and atmosphere is great.actually got to meet thunder Dan and do shots with him wich was pretty unreal.its a sports bar so don't come here expecting anything more than bar type food
5	love this place !! myfav bartender is samantha shes quick with a joke and to light upp your smoke :), amy is pretty good bartender as well . great place catch drink any night of the week
4	Went here after a baseball game for late night happy hour. I had a couple of beers and an appetizer. The staff was very helpful. A nice little place to get a brew After a game on Phoenix.
1	Came here because Cooperstown was closed. Got a seat quick, sat for 20 minutes and not 1 damn waitress, with 2 or 3 walking around, came to our table. We just got up and left. For a place supposedly owned by a former Phoenix Sun, it lacks to impress... would rate it no stars if I could.
2	Stopped in yesterday for a quick lunch with the kids after a visit to the Science Center.  The service was TERRIBLE.  Worst experience as a mom ever!!  The waitress, Abriana, did not have customer service skills whatsoever.  Our orders came out incorrect, figures since she didn't even write them down.  After we informed her that the orders were wrong, she proceeded to tell us that we were wrong and this is what we ordered.  Kids have been waiting almost 35 minutes for the food now.  We had the manager come over.  He apologized for the error and waited on us the rest of the visit. Food was good, but the service was not up to par.  We would not go back.
3	Yea a pretty good sports bar.  Nice staff and good wings (been there only once).  There's a front bar and a rear bar for overflow.
2	Overpriced tasteless food with a poor beer selection. It doesn't quite fall flat on its face just based on the fact I didn't get sick and the atmosphere was OK. The service was OK too, but it wasn't busy at all. There are like 50 TV's in here, so I imagine if you like a bud light and a bar to sit around and watch whatever sports there is going on, then it is the place for you. Just don't order the food.
3	It's a generic sports bar at heart, but fortunate enough to have a really good theme and a really good location. Drink selection? Admittedly nice to see some stoli here, but nothing at the bar really floored me. Decor? I'm a Suns fan for life, so of course I have to come here! I grew up watching "Thunder Dan" play, and I think this is a really good place to watch a game. Naturally, the staff are young women with fast drink-mixing skills and exposed midriffs.Food? Meh. There's nothing wrong with it, but there's nothing out of the ordinary, and nothing executed particularly well. My burger was an average burger. My chicken sandwich was an average chicken sandwich. If you HAVE to eat like right now, it will do. But considering where you are, you've got soooo many cooler options to dine.When you're done, the light rail is a stone's throw away. Sometimes I need a solid sports bar to drink a domestic and yell at a screen with the guys. Downtown doesn't offer too many options for that, so Majerle's will continue to get my business.
4	We were there unexpectedly during happy hour, which I think was 5-7...my daughter and I had several of the $6 appetizers and my husband had the ragin' Cajun chicken sandwich which was so huge that at first he thought it was battered but was actually a lot of seasoning. Overall, the food and service were a five but the place could use some maintenance and some air freshener.
2	Hit Majerle's on the way to a Dbacks game yesterday thinking we'd get better and cheaper food than at the game. Boy was I wrong!  The wings were okay, but the chef really needs to work on his/her knife skills. I ordered the chicken sandwich with sprouts and avocado. It came without any other condiments. This was a problem since it was the driest piece of chicken I had EVER attempted to eat. Luckily the waitress hadn't cleared the wing plate and I was able to use the ranch to get 1/2 of my sandwich down. I would have returned it but our waitress had disappeared after my husband didn't order a second beer.Speaking of my husband, he ordered a burger that also came without condiments. He waited patiently for 15 minutes for our waitress to reappear, finally asking some other server for mayo. She also refilled our drinks. When our waitress returned with the bill and to clear the dishes no apology was made for her lack of service nor were any questions asked about the food remaining on my plate.  I would have given it one star, but they have really cold beer and great thin fries. So, remember if like something besides catsup on your sandwiches you'd better ask, and stay away from the chicken.
2	Bar food. Nothing more, nothing less. Had chicken soft tacos. Burgers looked good. Tried some chips and salsa too. Read other  reviews about customer service...spot on. Our party had lots of food left on the table when we left. Coworkers gave it a 'meh' as well. No need to return ever again.
3	Upgrading this place 1 Star.  Over the past couple of years, we've dropped by here after a game (Suns/Dbacks/Rattlers).  It's a fun place to come and hangout and have a nightcap.After Rattlers games, the team will come and party with the fans in the back room.  Those guys are super cool and the atmosphere is fun.Return Factor - 75%
2	Hostess seemed annoyed when we walked up. They brought my wife the wrong order. They gave us someone elses bill. My reuben had soggy bread on the bottom half. Other than that its a decent place.your typical sportsbar vibe/setting, would only go back if there were no other options.
4	With a fun and upbeat bar area, this place is located in downtown Phoenix, close to the US Airways Center. It seemed that the family area was completely separated from the bar area, which I liked. They have plenty of seating but It can get very busy there on a game night. Also, parking can be a problem if you are just there for dinner and drinks. I didn't think of that and ended up paying $10 for parking. I ordered the Long Island Iced Tea, it was very potent and tasted great, just the way it the LIIT should taste. My husband got the wings, which I didn't try but he seemed impressed. I got the fish tacos, and they were very good. The cilantro sauce that came with it was  a little thick and tasted more like ranch, but the salsa was ok. All in all, I had a great time there and the bartenders were all very friendly and attentive.
4	I've eaten at Majerle's several times. Overall the food is decent for a grill, although nothing on the menu is spectacular. Our service is good and the myriad TVs to watch sports on can't be beat. Our last meal at Majerle's was on a lazy Sunday afternoon and the service was very good. Our waitress took care of us and our food was reliable as usual. Majerle's is a great place to hang out and watch sports or to grab a quick bite. There are other grills with better food, but Majerle's makes up for it with atmosphere.
2	For some reason, service in AZ wasn't quite what I'm used to in CO. At Majerle's, the waitress basically sauntered over and asked us "Whatdoyouwant?" Then proceeded to get our order wrong (beef burgers instead of veggie burgers).  Taken together, it seems like an indication that they didn't much care.  So I'm glad I'm back in the Vail Valley, where we all care about each other :-)
3	How crazy the suns fan can be. :) its so exciting. Good food. Good music and karaokeeeeeee. Yuppp. It went down alright. HahaOur waiter was slow, she apologized for everything. :/
5	Friendly staff and very attentive. So far, the Ruben is my favorite. All in all, a great sports bar/ grill.
1	This place is horrible. If you are under 39 and from out of state, they will ID you and then take your order, then you will be ID'd again and with a 2nd form of ID (credit/debit card). Never in my life has this happened to me. And the managers on duty (Anissa or Amy) was completely rude and defensive. Her arguments were invalid and offensive. DO NOT GO HERE!
4	We have been going to Majerle's for years. The atmosphere, the food and the service are always good. The prices have always been reasonable.
1	The only good part of this place was the welcoming hostess. after the waiting staff and managerial staff, the waitresses were horrible. I felt disrespected and unwelcomed once I entered the door. Managers were very disgruntled and unhelpful... Anissa and Amy's skills should be in question. As a military service member I have never felt more disrespected when visiting an establishment. I will never talk positive about this bar and grill.
4	I have been truant with my Dukedom for far too long. A review is due lest I be usurped.Majerle's (Mar-lees) is one of downtown Phoenix's great sports bar. It's great for pre-gaming before heading down the street to US Airways Center or Chase Field. It's great for post-game festivities after leaving the stadiums. And it's great for just watching any game with friends on any of the multiple HD TVs.Majerle's has plenty of beers on tap, a solid HH menu, and serves libations until around 2am every night. It also seems like it's a bonafide occupational qualification to be hot to work here, and there's absolutely nothing wrong with that. Majerle's is not great with food, however. They shell out the typical pedestrian bar fare, which is highly suitable for the typical Diamondbacks fan, but if your taste buds yearn for something more refined, you're much better off grabbing food at Networks Bar and Grill or The Arrogant Butcher down the street. In conclusion, Majerle's is the slam dunk watering hole in downtown on a game night. Check it out!
5	Good food , excellent service from the hostess to the waiters! Attentive ,friendly ,quality, cleanliness a+
3	If I deducted a star for each 'f-bomb' I heard from your bar staff you'd owe me 6 stars. If staff is comfortable acting like this when no management is around it makes me curious as to what else could be happening, but that's not for me to worry about. Overall, I'm deducting one star.
2	Not on my list for a quick return. Had been several years since my last one, so most likely will not be revisited unless the crew decides it's a must do. Sitting outside is nice but the speakers are annoying. Cut them off or fix them.
3	We were down the street and wanted to grab a bite somewhere new. As soon as we got there, there was a bit of confusion because the hostess was not present. When she finally showed up we told her that we wanted to sit outside and she directed us to a table that had not yet been clean and told us to sit while someone came over to clean it up. Eventually she took on the duty, but never introduced herself or asked us if we had ever dined there before. Khris and I looked at each other and just shrugged our shoulders and made nothing of it.Later our waitress arrived and took our drink orders, but a pattern emerged as she also failed to tell us her name or greet is in a kind manner. When she came back we ordered our food and both chose the Sweet Cajun Burger which was amazing! The patty was spicy, the sauce was sweet, and Khris enjoy the bread the most. Though thin, the fries were very tasty and were plentiful as well.We give the food the highest compliment, but the service was subpar. Given that it's a well known restaurant and a highlight in the downtown area, we expected a bit more.
4	I really like this place. Its a neat place to hang out, relax, eat some really tasty food. I must be fair and say that I am stuck on 2 different sandwiches. The Jared Dudley, and the Joe Klein Burger. I suggest ask if they can butterfly the chicken breast on the Jared Dudley because it can be sort of thick without, and I usually ask for an extra side of blue cheese ( I like it with the fries too) adding a little more to burger. The blue cheese is really good, and the buns they use are like the Hawaiian dinner rolls everyone eats at Thanksgiving.... The meat is really good too. my favorite burger now. Check my other posts to see that I don't say that about everything.
1	Worst experience ever! Just how long does it take to cook 2 burgers? We ordered 2 burgers, very simple burgers and after more than 30 minutes waiting, the server came to us saying "your food is coming!" After 15 more minutes, we decided to leave. I am honest and I wanted to pay for the 2 beers... 10 minutes to get the change! The server came to me "Why didn't you wait 5 more minutes? Your food was ready..." Yeah right. The manager? Obviously more preoccupied to make the pretty servers laugh... Pathetic and unprofessional.
5	Food was amazing! I don't eat red meat and they made me a special chicken burger with cajun avocado!! So fulfilling!
1	HUGE disappointment!!!! Stopped for a quick dinner before a show. Ordered 2 burgers medium. They came out extremely well done & the buns were hard & dry. The waitress took them back to the kitchen & returned with 2 more well done burgers! What the heck?! When we told her (& showed her), she apologized & took 20% off the bill. We didn't have time for round 3. They didn't even send a manager over. $30 for an inedible meal. We will not be back. I'd recommend trying somewhere else.
3	I went for the 2 dishes they had highlighted on their menu: Slam dunk shrimp and the Rojo Diablo. Slam dunk shrimp was really good and worth a try. I don't recommend the Rojo Diablo. Nothing special about this sandwich. The fried chicken reminded me of a chicken patty and it was a little on the tough side. The chicken breast of also very thin which made the bun overwhelming. I had to ditch the bun at the end so I could actually taste the chicken. I'm sure their other dishes are better, and I would recommend they change this highlighted item to something else.
4	The service was fairly fast despite it being Comicon weekend. and the "Garbage Burger" was great.  The service was also very good.  My one complaint was the total chaos upon entering.   The hostess was overwhelmed.
5	Ducked in just to find a cool place to sit and a bite to eat. The efficient waitress brought out the BEST burger I've ever had.  And I've eaten lots if burgers in my 54 years.  A big juicy patty on a sweet Hawaiian style bun. They had a couple of burgers but I don't remember this one's name-- All Star Burger?  Anyway it was a great experience.
2	First time at Majerle's with three others. We went before the Rattlers playoff game but after a D-Backs game, so it was really hopping in there. Got seated right away though. We were seated in the back room and although our server was pleasant, it lengthened our service time considerably. Our daughter ordered the salad special. It had bountiful toppings and the right amount of dressing. Her husband got the Rojo Diablo sandwich. He said it was 'stringy' and didn't finish it. My wife ordered a burger and asked that it be wrapped in romaine for a 'lettuce bun'. She got a burger sitting on top if green leaf lettuce. I got the All-Star burger. It was good but overcooked by two levels. The fries and sweet potato fries were good, as was the selection of drinks. All told, for three sandwiches, a salad and six beers it totaled $85. Too expensive for the quality but they charge a lot due to location. Thunder Dan better get back to his restaurant and read the reviews. I may not be back.
2	Thunder Dan... Get down here and teach your staff some hustle! Or maybe just some courtesy. A waitress ("Cheeky") seemed annoyed by our presence. Turns out she just wanted to chat to a group of her friends at the bar. When the place is this empty (past midnight), we can all see it happening, and it's rude. A party at the next table over came in and sat down, then left because no one came by. Yikes.
4	This is never a bad spot no matter the time of day. Seriously.
4	This place has amazing cheap drinks on happy hour and amazing fries. Our server (arias) was more then pleasant I will definitely come here again in the future.
5	Food was excellent, we had the Rojo Diablo with sweet potato fries and the All Star burger with real fries. Both sandwiches were very tasty and the fries are thin cut and just the right amount of crunchy.
5	We were looking for a casual place on a Sunday night. This place was great! Plenty of TVs and the hot wings were awesome!
4	Great place to go for something to eat after being downtown either for a game or concert. Waiters Waitresses and Bartender's are polite and show good manners. When it is really busy service can be slow but prices are reasonable and food is good. If you are close by stop in and check it out for yourself.
4	Your typical, hometown themed sports bar.  Friendly staff, lots of TVs, and all of the bar food options you would expect.  The only real surprise was how dark it is in the restaurant. The menu who runs the gamut, with something to please every taste.  I love ordering nachos at sports bars, and Majerles' version passes the test.  They also make a very good club sandwich.  It's a thick sandwich, jammed full of cold cuts.  It comes served with shoestring fries, which look pretty plain but are deceivingly tasty.  Dessert options are limited, but there's enough to choose from to satisfy a sweet tooth.  The restaurant itself is in a historical building, so it has a very weird shape to it.  There is a smaller side with a bar in the middle and tables along the perimeter, and the other side has a longer bar with tables running parallel to it.  But that side of the restaurant was closed during our visits there.So if you're looking to catch a game and have some good bar food, Majerle's will definitely do the trick.
5	Stopped in for dinner between shows, mainly because we could watch some football. This place turned out to be a great find! The service was friendly and spot-on.  The food was excellent! I had the chicken tacos. The flour tortillas were fresh and delicious. The chicken was perfectly grilled and flavored. The home-made salsa was PERFECT! I enjoy visiting Phoenix, and this place is on my list to come back to every time!
4	Great sports bar!Beer on tap selection is meh.. but I've learned to not expect much from sports bars.The wing secret sauce is a MUST-HAVE. It's the perfect amount of spicy and sweet.Here's what we ordered and how it was:Rojo Diablo - it's fried chicken breast dipped in the special wing sauce and mozzarella is added. The flavors were all there! The bread is mildly sweet which was a nice touch. The chicken was a bit a dry but I ordered wing sauce on the side which helped.Sweet potato fries - If you like sweet potato fries, these will do the job. Nothing to crazy, just your average sweet potato fries.Gorilla Wings in Mild - think Native Newyorker Wings. This is the quality. It does the job and is much better than the Hooters down the streetGorilla Wings in Secret Sauce - DO IT.Fries - If you're not a shoestring fries fan, then don't get them! They are just your basic shoestring fries.Fish Tacos - I didn't try them but was told they did a great job.Potato Skins - Good!Cheese Fries - They're basically fries with cheese melted on top.  Sooo yeah. They're good though! At least it's not processed cheese. It's bar food. So expect bar food quality. It's a great place to watch the game. Some of the loudest most active fans come to this location so be forewarned.The customer service was great! They messed up our order twice but we got a free beer and free order of fries so, no complaints here. Plus they were super busy so no hard feelings.
5	My company had our work holiday dinner hear and i have to say, it was delicious! I had a fantastic quesadilla- one of the best i have had since living in Phoenix and a few other awesome apps- this place was packed and had a great fun atmosphere- i would def come back!
4	The food was pretty good an sufficient. The prices are good given the fact that is very close to sport venues and convention center. The service was very good and fast. I definitely recommend it!
