2	Located in the Seafood City building right across the hall from Jollibee,  Chow King is an alternative take on Filipino fast food.  It's more Filipino/Chinese where Jollibee is Filipino/AmericanI have yet to try their Fried Chicken, so a direct comparison against Jollibee is not possible, but that is something that I'll be saving for a future update.What I've tried so far though has not been impressive.  Their Siopao was dry and chewy and the Shumai were rubbery.  The Beef chow mein plate was not something to write home about either with how soggy and bland it was.A lot of friends who have tried other Chow King locations have said that the food should be pretty good.  Maybe they were having an off day?  For now they get two stars based on my first visit, but I am reserving my final judgement pending a second try.
4	Great soup!  I love the Beef Supreme Noodle Soup ($6.25) here!!!  We also had the Beef Wonton Supreme Noodle Soup ($5.95), the Palabok (Rice Stick Noodles with Shrip Sauce - $3.95), the filipino style Spaghetti ($3.25), and some bad Dim Sum 10 pieces of Siomai (Pork Steamed Dumplings - $2.50 for 5pcs).  All good except for the Siomai which were to rubbery and firm.  If you're from the Bay Area, Maryland Parkway is the Daly City of Las Vegas. If you're looking for cheap filipino fast food off the strip, check out Chowking located in the Seafood City Shopping Center!
2	I tried the Siopao, a pork one and a chicken one.  The chicken one was more interesting, but I liked the taste of the pork one better.  The sauce for them was unremarkable.  That about sums it up:  unremarkable overall.
4	Chow King is a famous brand known through out a few cities in the rest of the United States. It rates up there in the "fast food" Filipino chains. This particular location seemed to be overwhelmed when I came in. The management seemed to be helping during the rush, which to me, is a good thing. It seemed to be a little chaotic behind the counter, but as the customer, I never felt any of that chaos, nor did it reflect on what I ordered. I love the chicken combinations as well as the siopaos(steamed buns with a choice of chicken or pork filling). Classic tastes with an affordable price. They even have frozen siopaos that are frozen!Good eats for a good price.
2	The shu mai is not that good. The noodle soups (mami) are ok. The chicken was a total let down. I do not really get this place. The food is not that great. Way too over rated for me. I would not go out of my way to go to this place.
4	Awesome fast food. Beats the pants of Jollibee anyday! Siopao is killer. Can be price.....dinner for 2 can run up to 20 buxs and its only fast food. Get the monster halo halo. It's so worth it!
5	I've only had one thing here- the halo-halo (Filipino dessert featuring a myriad of mixed ingredients- describe soon), but it is the mother of all halo-halo's! While working at Weststar, a co-worker made a run to Chow King in he Seafood City store for lunch and told me that the halo-halo was really good. She got me the large one, for a little over $5- looks like a big gulp cup at 7-11. I didn't know it would be that big. Yup, I skipped dinner that night. It's big enough to share. It comes with a boba straw (wider than drink straws) and a long spoon. There is a small size available too.  I am picky about my Filipino food, but I do love many of the desserts. This is one of my favorites. Imagine many layers of toppings like corn, makapuno (young coconut strings), several kinds of beans, coconut gel squares (sweet), langka (sticky jackfruit- no other english translation), lime jello, interspersed with shaved ice and topped with a scoop of ube (purple yam) ice cream. I know that this combination might sound weird to a non-Filipino, but trust me, it really works. The beans and corn really balance out all the sweet stuff. You use the straw initially to drink the sweet purple-pink juice and once you get the cover off, you can mix it up as you eat it, using the spoon. I hope that this review helps and will foster your curiosity to have one. After shopping today at Pier 1 Imports, my husband (who was at Best Buy) surprised me with the large one. Isn't he sweet? He knew that I'd been jonesing for one, since summer started. Hence, inspired me to write this review.  This place is always so busy. The parking lot is always full. Yes, this whole store is so popular with my peeps, so much that my mother-in-law always mentions how the parking (shared with) Jason's Deli's customers is near-impossible to find. Very convenient to shopping- Best Buy, Pier 1, Hallmark, Barnes & Noble, among others in this strip mall. Across the street is Target & Walgreen's. Next strip mall over is TJ Maxx, in the other direction is Marshall's and  the Boulevard Mall.
5	Got our dessert drinks here, way better than boba!After eating Vietnamese food, we wanted some desserts.  We wanted to stick to something that we know and CONSISTENT.  And that was Googling this place.This place was located next to other Filipino goodies, like Valerios Bakery, Jollibee and Seafood City. We ordered the Classic Halo Halo and Ube Shake.  Both was outstandingly good!!!Food     =  AStaff      =  A+Decor   =  A
2	Not sure why there are 2 separate listings in Yelp for this location. So do a search to read reviews on the other side. It has a totally different sentiment I assure you.I'm glad that Filipino foods are on the "main stream" now. Las Vegas definitely is not the place for it, despite many small Filipino restaurants popping out around the Chinatown here. This Seafood City mall was crowded with Filipino and Asian customers, and it was far away from Chinatown.This was my first ever. And I was not impressed. Well, I was not impressed by looking at the menu. It looked too cheap of a Chinese foods, with Filipino names attached. I didn't bother to pay $$ to find out. Was that my lost? So I was not gonna say much about that.I did order the noodle trays, Bihon Guisado and Palabok, to go. A gamble. After all, this is Las Vegas. I thought I could get a good bargain.Before I said more, I'd like to make a remark about the party trays. There were only 5 items available for $9.99 in this store. Other chains have more selections, with higher prices. And there were plenty heart attack choices... cheers to "invincible" obese Americans with no health insurance.OK. Back to the store. It posted that the party trays could feed up to 6. That's a bargain for $9.99, right!? When I placed the orders, the clerk warned me that it might only feed up to 5. OK! $9.99 for 5. Still not bad.But I had my doubt when I saw the containers.What's next? Oh, I had to eat it first. The noodles and sauces were laid out nicely. The bihon guisado (with clear noodles, unless I've got something mixed up here) was very salty. Flavor was plain and boring. It's definitely an American dish. It tasted better when I added some boiled vegetables to dilute the salt and gave it a firm and crunchy texture.The palabok was consisted of soft white rice noodles as the base. The sauce soaked and melted them so easily that I was kind of drinking and slurping the noodles down. I could not really taste the foods after everything blended so awfully together.Before I finish, I'd like to point out that each food tray could easily fit into a take out Asian Styrofoam soup container. I could chow it down easily, especially the Palabok, in one meal.  And I don't eat a lot. Hehehehe...  (For reference, I could not finish a regular Lo Mein or Singaporean Fried Rice in one meal, and they are $7.99 or less usually, and they taste like foods)So diners, it's American foods to me for these 2 Filipino dishes. Consider this is fast food in America, you may enjoy a heart attack. Is this a bargain? NO! NO! NO! NO! NO! NO! NO!But I do hope that the quality and selection of Filipino fast foods in general will improve with time.
3	Although I'm not a big fan of Chow King food I will say this much, they're drinks are great. Every time I come here i never really eat but i almost always swing by to grab a drink. From melon juice to halo-halo to Thai tea.  I'd say they're ube drink is best. Overall they have a friendly staff, plenty of seating room, and the foods okay.
1	Ordered fried chicken that was dry and I ate some bone fragments. OMG!  Pancit was bland.  It was not good at all.  Will not be coming back to try anything else. (
1	Ug! Having spent time in the Philippines I thought it would be awesome to eat here.  That was an unfortunate mistake I shant make again! Not even nostalgia could save this train wreck.The food:Garlic chicken and pancit (noodles) side seemed like they were made yesterday - dry and nasty.  The halo-halo (sweet ice dessert with gelatin and other various mix-ins)  was awful too.  The only thing I got that was any good were the Buchi (sesame balls) but they were way overpriced, and a mango shake that was pretty good.The service:I think the woman that rang me up was a manager and she was so rude right off the bat I should have left but I was hoping to bring back some good memories with tasty grub. DEFINITELY should have believed the previous two posts.AVOID AT ALL COSTS!!!
2	my cousin is from maryland and they don't really have a lot of filipino chains in her town. she wanted to eat some chow king in vegas so i took her here. we ordered a 2 piece chicken meal and they didn't give us RICE! had to go back and complain but they obliged and gave us rice. chicken was not good. jollibee is better! i, personally, think chow king is waaay overpriced. also, workers seemed rude (eye rolls and loud exasperation after our complaint of no rice). probably won't go back here since i only came because of my cousin.
4	Back in 2003 we had a high school reunion in the Philippines.....and it was the first time I learned about Chow King....I left the Philippines in the late Seventy's and there was no Chowking then!!!! I remember having this massive Halo-halo in a bowl!!!  Boy that was a treat, and it was so good!!! It was so huge, it took me a while to finish it...then I had one again before going back to New York...Looking around I noticed their halo-halo was different here, it was in a plastic glass...just by the looks of it I didn;t think it was the same so...this time I wanted to try their Pancit Palabok and Spaghetti...The prices were incredibly low...$3.99& $2.99...but when the order came I wasn't so surprise why....it came in a big styrofoam and so little clump of food inside.. but the food wasn't bad....and the spaghetti wasn't bad either...well, I guess i was just really  hungry..everything just taste good....Service was fine...and I enjoyed my cousin's & her husband company..Will I comeback? Sure.....
2	I'm so dissaponted with their food. Basically, I should say their food can be serve to the homeless. The chicken are cut so small and so bony. The food itself look and taste cheap but their pricing expensive. The food are serve in styrofoam too. The sesame balls are very small, better to buy at chinese rest. Soup so salty, pancit so pathetic. Halo halo is good but jollibee is better. This place is below average compared to Salo Salo grill. If they are expecting me to pay for their price of food then I would expect a good dish.
2	I'm from the states, and being Filipino, I have a mixed variety for my taste buds.So I don't expect the best, but goodness, it doesn't taste that great.For all the hype it's supposed to be back home, this place doesn't live up to that.Cleanliness: This is about the only thing they do right.However, i think it's pretty STUPID to mop the floor where the water station is. Seriously, the entire area?! There's a lawsuit waiting to happen.Service:The employees aren't very friendly. They're just there to do the job. Take your order, take your money. I don't digg the vibe, nah mean?Food:I've been here a couple of times and the chicken is over cooked.I tried the beef noodle soup, and was pleased with the taste and price. The one thing I did enjoy was sriracha packets. That's the only reason for the second star.If you have to get a siopao, stay away from the bola bola. I just wanted to try it, trust, it's nothing special. Stick with the beef/pork one.It's overpriced, and doesn't taste that great. Want fried chicken? Stick with Churchs, Popeyes, or even KFC.
4	Tasty filipino fast food; I love their pancit miki bihon and moreover, the palabok. Fried chicken is fried chicken so there's no real way to mess up cooking regular breaded fried chicken but this is one of the must stop by places if you are pinoy visiting Vegas and live somewhere without all the filipino goodness!
3	I was reading the other reviews and I don't see any hypes about this place other than the restaurant being very busy. Most of them have low ratings. Anyway, I do enjoy their fried chicken thighs. I hate drumsticks all the time, doesn't matter who makes. Pancit was very disappointing. They always have too much of something - sometimes it has way too much garlic, or way too much of what I'd like to think is oyster sauce or fish sauce. It's unpleasantly overpowering of a single ingredient everytime I eat it. Their lumpia shanghai is $2.50 for 8 bite sized pieces, equivalent to two or three (already small) normal lumpia shanghai. It is tasty but it is oversalted. I think it might be the premade frozen chicken lumpias.  It just has to be.Chow King has good customer service for a location that is very busy - They are thorough when repeating your order, they upsell items and let you know that they have more cost-effective specials to take advantage of. Also, they are quick to prepare your order and they make it a point to call you by name to pick it up.
3	their tapioca on the UBE shake is old, the tapioca is hard. Bangus tasted good tho.
2	I was a fan of their ube shake, but they changed the formula. The BF and I were excited to shop around while having a nice refresher, but this was just very crunchy ice with a sweet milk that was colored purple. No rich ube taste, just sugar and when you drink the liquid, it isn't completely meshed with the ice so you're just left with ice on the bottom. What the hell?! Was not worth the $2.99 each when it was a throw away. Don't get the shake drinks here. The fast food may do in a pinch, but their palabok wasn't even close to what it should be that I rather just skip it. This is one of those places I feel is more the brand name than the quality. I prefer Red Ribbon much better if I'm Seafood City.
2	Came from NY to try this place but what a disappointment, i ordered the "Lomi noodles soup" they served it with an overcooked noodles, noodles that melt in your mouth how bas was that...:(
2	Chow King, like Jollibee, is another Filipino fast food chain that has made it's way to Maryland Pkwy all the way from the Philippines itself!They have a mango shake, ube shake, calamansi tea & other asian inspired drinks.They have other filipino dishes like palabok, bangus and garlic rice, longaniza and garlic rice, and more.Sounds like a great idea, but the food just isn't that great. If you're hungry, you'll eat it, but you won't enjoy it as much than if you went somewhere else like D.J. Bibikahan or Pinoy Pinay.The seating area is clean. There is a TV set to the TFC channel.You will probably never specifically crave Chow King.
4	Cant go wrong with the tocino/bangus combo and top it off with an ube shake!
1	Sorry Chow King but you deserve the worst rating of all. Since it had been many years since I had last eaten out Chow King, I figured I might as well give them a try since the last time was in the Philippines. I ordered the sesame balls with red bean, some taho, and salt and pepper pork which looked awesome in the photo. After a brief wait, I could not wait to dig into my meal expecting some solid fried salt and pepper pork, tasty taho and warm sesame balls. Needless to say I was wrong on all levels. The salt and pepper pork was an utter disappointment. It tasted like it was fried and then reheated to luke warm temp. Kind of like when you have fried chicken that has been sitting in your fridge over night and its just soggy when you take it out the next day sort of way. Strike one. Next up was the taho (please excuse my spelling) which was very watery at best and just was not right. Strike two. And finally, the sesame balls. Something that is usually a standby even at dodgy chinese buffets. They were very small, just bite size and the red bean did not taste right either. Strike three. Maybe I came on an off night or maybe they recently changed up the receipts for making everything  I ordered. Regardless, I highly doubt I am coming back anytime soon if all the rest of the food starts to taste like this.
3	I give 3 stars because I love their take on halo-halo! Plus the boyfriend LOVED their mango shake. In houston, it's difficult to find authentic halo-halo and this is great! I didn't try the food but the boyfriend tried the fried rice and he said he could have cooked better.
2	Three staples I come here for.Fried Chicken.King Size Halo Halo.Ube Shake.The three mentioned above should receive 3 stars but  due to other items I have tried on the menu it gets two.The food is often bland and just not good. The palabok and fried rice need a lot of help and could be greatly improved.Their soups are just mediocre. Nothing special. The siapoa is a miss for me too. The best way I can explain this place is bad, good fast food. It's filipino fast food and well it's just not as good. But it is definately fast.
3	If you visit Seafood City here in LV, and you've already made a stop at Jollibee...how can you miss out on Chow King?  It's literally steps across from each other!  Again though, it is an OK showing for Filipino fast food.Chow King is considered the biggest Chinese fast food chain in the Philippines.  Kinda like how that speedy Panda place is here in the US.  Some folks like to poke fun and call the place Cho King (get it?  Cho-king?) but I'll leave that up to you Jo Koy comedian types.  The food here is a mix of Chinese and Filipino dishes.  The common denominator?  Lots and lots of white rice on the menu!  Unfornately for me it's Jasmine rice, and I much prefer what many Hawaii people love, Calrose.  Can't make no solid musubi with Jasmine!Chow King does breakfast, and also have their lunch & dinner menu daily.  Breakfast is eerily similar to that of Jollibee's.  They have the staple garlic fried rice, with an egg, and your choice of longanisa (gots to love that longanisa burp), beef tapa, or the King's special which is a combination of the two.  There's also congee for breakfast on the menu.  Classic, thick rice porridge.  Try the King's congee...it adds beef, meatballs, tripe, and a century egg (a very aged egg) on top!  Breakfast of champions!  Put some hair on that damn chest of yours!  Unless you're a lady.  Not sure if you need that.For lunch and dinner, Chow King offers these lauriat meals.  They consist of rice, and noodles, with your choice of sweet sour pork, orange chicken, breaded fish, Shanghai egg rolls, or chicken.  They also have rice meals which basically have rice with a choice of main dishes like, fish, Oriental beef, orange chicken, honey garlic chicken, Chinese-style fried chicken, or a boneless bangus fish.  There's also fried rice on the menu, some have chorizo, one has beef, one has pork.  For side and snacks, Chow King has pancit, siopao, siomai, lumpia, and something called chicharap which is not unlike a fried shrimp chip.  See the mix here?  Some Chinese, some Filipino...all Chow King.  Eclectic, eh?Food's not bad.  It is a bit sauce heavy, and can be a bit salty for a lot of folks.  So drink your water, people!  Sorry, nightmare of Tony Horton screaming at me from P90X just flashed by.  It's definitely fast food, so don't go thinking you're getting an authentic Asian-inspired meal here.  It suits the American palette quite nicely.  For me, this will do in a pinch.Before I forget, Chow King does serve dessert as well.  They got ube shakes, bubble teas, but their big seller is of course....Halo-Halo.  It's like the Filipino national dessert!  Their's is almost exactly like the one at Jollibee, topped with vanilla and ube ice cream.  And again, I wish there was more fruit, more shaved ice, and less sugar.  And I wish the price was cheaper too!  $5 is a lot to spend on one of these puppies.So whether you call if Chow King or Cho King, this place is a welcome haven for well-traveled Filipinos.  Do like me if you go to Seafood City here, get a spaghetti & Chickenjoy plate from Jollibee, walk 10 steps, and get some siomai and siopao from Chow King.  Anyone try to dip a Chow King siopao in Jollibee gravy?  So heavenly sinful!  Try it, you might like it.
4	Looks like the usual Chow King. The employees are nice. The food is good as usual. King-size Thai Tea and Halo-halo. Awesome! They have satellite TV which is tuned-in to TFC.
3	There are two Filipino fast food locations built into the entrance of an Asian grocery store - Chow King and Jollibee.  We originally came for Jollibee, but their menu had gone almost entirely cheeseburgers, fried chicken, and spaghetti - I could've sworn I had Lumpia here last time I was in Vegas.  So we went across the aisle to Chow King who seemed to still carry lots of traditional Filipino and Chinese foods for breakfast and lunch/dinner.I had one of the Lariat combo meals, which came with steamed rice, fried chicken w/ a cup of brown gravy sauce, a couple tiny lumpia, and some pancit.  I also ordered a side of Shumai, which were pretty good.It wasn't as good as Mom's Filipino food, but it was good enough to briefly remind me of home and the cuisine I miss so much.  I would definitely go back!
4	Craving for Filipino food.. Halo halo made my day!  Ordered Lauriat and it was cooked to perfection.  T he place is clean too!  =)
3	I think this halo-halo needs more ube!!! More more more! And some more mung beans hehee ^_^! Overall, it was decent and wasn't too sweet and looked delicious. I loved that Chow King doesn't close until 12 midnight so my boyfriend, mom and family friends were able to grab some sweet stuff after dinner. :D
3	Had nowhere to eat while on a recent trip to Vegas and was cruising around Maryland Parkway near Tropicana & the UNLV campus. Our regular grub spot & one we wanted to try for the first time were closed. It was a little past 10pm on a school night... That's probably why. Wait... This is Vegas!! WTH? Haha. Closed??We decided to go to Chow King cause it was familiar, it was still open & we knew what to expect. I had the garlic chicken meal. It came with 2 scoops of rice & some tocino also. Good meal. It surprisingly hit the spot. I couldnt even finish the whole thing... It was standard filipino fare. Heavy, fried & oily... Not appetizing for most. But needed by me & my friend at the time to help us power through another Vegas night while avoiding eating again at our hotel. The chicken was not big time on the garlic side. But it was tasty. The tocino was pretty standard. You cant mess up rice, really. It was just plain white rice, not the garlic fried rice that's a breakfast staple at places like these.Service was good. They were cleaning up for the night but still took our order with a smile. Tip your servers... We ordered quick. Ate quick... Cleaned up after ourselves & got out of their hair. It was the least we can do.
4	Nice place for some halo-halo or a fast fix meal.  The only issue I had was there wasn't any ice in the ice machine....
3	I visit this location every time I go to Seafood City, so the simple fact that I come here instead of the other Filipino Fast Food across from it means I need to upgrade the star.I recently bought some mini lumpia's from here and I was pleasantly surprised. I thought it would be full of mostly veggies (since they were so cheap) but I could taste the porkiness. I also ordered some shumai and thought they were A-OK.This is still my go to spot for Halo Halo and Ube Shakes.
4	As an east coast tourist who wanted a much needed imported Filipino fast food chain fix on the west coast, the food and service I believe was great.  The garlic chicken value meal, featuring white rice, sesame seed balls, white-colored pork rinds, pancit lomi, beef wonton soup and a soft drink was delicious.  The Filipino and Filipina cashiers were kind and courteous.  Amongst those who positively opined about those cashiers with a nice uniform with hairnets, especially the ladies, I, too, personally thought they were kind of cute.  Plus, their American accents made me feel like I'm back in the Philippines!Will be back again!
5	Needed my Filipino food fix, fried bangus & Tocilog !
3	ehhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh............. I'm so use to having the real chow king in the Philippines. Here in the states, Chow King, Jollibee and Red Ribbon and all those filipino  food chains, they all taste different.. If you have a tongue that tasted Chow King Back home in the Philippines do not expect it to taste the same. Their menu is  different as well as the original chow king back home.. I'm not sure if the ingredients are the same but i can sure taste a major difference. I would rather eat at a regular chinese restaurant or a noodle house. But I guess it's better then nothing.The only thing i get from here now is the TAHO, a filipino dessert delicacy. I believe its made out of tofu and its drowning in a sweet syrup. I would suggest ordering this for sure! All the other stuff.. ehhhh it's ok. I would rate this a 3 , it's still a place that will remind me of  the Philippines.
4	I like chow king.  Filipino fast food?  What's not to like?  It's not mom's home cooking but I'll take it.
4	Ube shake, ftw!
1	Oh chow king, you were once the place to go lunch; now I dont want to go anywhere near you.  I remember when this place first opened its doors to las vegas and it once was filled with people and lines that were incredibly long.  I used to love their fried rice and their chicken, if I could recall I remember it being like homemade food. It was always fresh and the chicken was very juicy and full of flavor. Now, it is nowhere near that taste and the food they serve seems like all they do is microwave it.  I went back a few times just to see if maybe I would do would be an off-day.  However, to my disbelief their food just seems horrible.
3	I'd have to agree with the reviewer below. This isn't as good as the Chow King (or Red Ribbon, Goldilocks, Jollibee) in the Philippines - but maybe that's to be expected of any 'ethnic' food that's recreated thattaway.I remember having this conversation with a Vietnamese girl studying in the US, & a Mexican guy (yes, Mexican, not American) - we all agreed that no matter what, food back home tastes much better, even when the exact same ingredients are used in the recipe. The Mexican guy added that in the US, the Mexican food he eats always tastes like they used beef from a cow they killed like 3 yrs. ago. He said that the difference in taste doesn't do their food any justice.For homesick Filipino kabayans, this is as good as it gets. I thought the food here was a bit pricey, but this is why my friends keep telling me to stop mentally converting Philippine Pesos to US dollars & vice versa - because I will never get around to buying anything that way. 3 stars is fair - expect good food, but don't get too excited or expect your taste buds to bring you right back home with their food.
4	HALO-HALO CHALLENGE 2013 - Contender #7Lunch time at Seafood City on Maryland Pkwy and the place is packed with Pinoys.  Seafood City has the grocery section in the back, but when you first enter, there is a Filipino food court to greet you, with Jollibee and Red Ribbon Bakery on the right and Chow King on the left; all three offer halo-halo, but we were here for Chow King's version.  CK offers two sizes, the Classic for $4.25 and 710 calories vs. the King size at $7.25 and a whopping 1,360 calories--I hope that's for two people to share.  Not that you should really be too concerned about calories when you have halo-halo, but when you're eating as much as we have, the numbers pop out ;)Mel and I each had a classic size:Present:  azuki (red) beans, white beans, kaong, nata de coco, two scoops of ube ice cream, and macapuno.  For the first time in 7 tries, this halo-halo also had saba, AKA, banana.  There was one little piece of leche flan, too- more, please.Missing:  ube, langka, and pinipig.  Also, the shave ice was not very shaved.  In fact, it was quite chunky and we each had a huge piece of ice in our cups.  Overall, this was the least expensive version so far.  7 down, 3 to go!*Tip:  halo-halo is pronounced like the ha sound in "ha ha--funny funny, " not "hay is for horses."  Just in case you want to go try it and impress the Pilipinos behind the counter.Contender #1:  http://www.yelp.com/biz/elenas-restaurant-las-vegas-2#hrid:66pT_yQvZudRThxlGl74QwContender #2:  http://www.yelp.com/biz/jollibee-las-vegas-2#hrid:ZSJzziWEVLyOF3DHfn1MaAContender #3:  http://www.yelp.com/biz/caf%C3%A9-de-cebu-las-vegas#hrid:5iu3U4zoZWQISOSO7BMsGQContender #4:  http://www.yelp.com/biz/salo-salo-grill-las-vegas#hrid:Wgtkj97v8-l9MnNuyj-QxQContender #5:  http://www.yelp.com/biz/thelmas-filipino-restaurant-henderson#hrid:wzGAlZyBNi1UtDRM0t0oXwContender #6:  http://www.yelp.com/biz/andreas-las-vegas#hrid:idKe5bOeuIwnyzcamgeUDg
3	The Lumpias were really small and tasted A-OK.
3	It has been a while since I last was here and it's a whole different restaurant now. They revamped the place, looks more modern. Changed the logos, changed image and now  trying to market themselves as fresh and healthy choices. Yeah riiiight.  They are part of Jollibee since 2011. Some of the Filipino dishes that were sold at both places have been dropped or packaged differently.  So no more pancit palabok. The one they served here wasn't much better anyway.  It used to be the  focus was on chicken, sold by pieces or family size, and  bucket like their new parent company's do. .It has been dropped. The whole new menu offers only meal combos, hardly any ala carte items. Chicken batter formula change.  Bye bye old school batter and deep fried garlicky chicken.  It's still a crispy skin but it's a different texture. I thought I ordered Garlic Chicken but I ended up with Honey Soy Garlic chicken. Cashier got my order right, the back end totally fubar'd it! So instead of waiting another 20 minutes Mr. B gave me his "Crunchy Chicken" order which turned out to be Soy Garlic and I gave him my Garlic Chicken combo.  While I like the flavors of the soy ginger sauce that came with it, the chicken itself was dry and bland tasting. I didn't care for the rice paper texture of the skin either.I did not enjoy my meal at all. It didn't help I was already peeved that they got my order wrong in the first place. They always seem to do that.  So after two bites my meal went straight to the garbage can.  No loss though, not a fan of much fast food places in the first place and why it had been over a year since I was here last.  The only highlight of this visit was their Halo Halo. That's it. It's not like I make it a point to go here or Jollibee in the first place, so most likely I will end up walking past ChowKing whenever I'm here at Seafood City.
3	Garlic chicken is Delish! Fried crispy and juicy on the inside. Not into the dumplings flavor isn't my Fav but mushy texture all the way through is what makes me say, YuCk! The sesame balls are the bomb and noodles are decent.
5	As someone who does not have Filipino fast food by us, this place is always a must stop when we are is Vegas. Dimsum/siopao is great, breakfast longanisa is awesome and the garlic rice goes great with the meal.
3	Just like my Jollibee review, these guys are very similar. Usually when you see a Jollibee, more often than not, you will also see a Red Ribbon Bakery and a Chow King right next to it. I think all three are owned by the same company.Chow King has some of the basic Filipino food with an American twist to it (from my perception anyway). Definitely not authentic because when you do go to a turo turo (point point) restaurant, you choose what you see that is already cooked in pans right in front of you. Here, you have to refer to pictures.Don't get me wrong. All the choices they have here are decent. Just don't expect what a home cooked meal would be like if you actually were in the Philippines. Not close at all. With that said, what you can get here is at a pretty good price for the portions you can order. From their chicken and fish dishes, to their breakfast items (which is served all day), to their snacks (steamed pork buns, etc), are all satisfactory to my taste buds.What I look forward to after eating an ok meal here are the desserts, which I think are a step up from other items. Their Halo-Halo (mix mix) is served in a what is large plastic container designed for drinks. You have to pretty much mix all the ingredients together to get the full flavor hence the name. I also get their Taho, which is silken tofu that sits on top of large tapioca or boba pearls encompassed with a dark sweet syrupy type liquid.For those not familiar with Filipino cuisine, this place is not a bad place to start experiencing what your palette might like or not like. You can also jump across to Jollibee and try some of the items they don't have at Chow King. Some random info. They are open 7 am to midnight everyday. Bathrooms are located more towards the supermarket on the left side. They take cards.
3	Technically located inside an Asian market (but with their own store front--similar to Subways inside Wal-marts) this place serves up decent, Filipino munchies.FILIPINO MUNCHIESAlthough it doesn't taste like you've slipped into a Filipino family's kitchen and dined in secret on their creations, our desserts were still satisfying especially with the hot sun melting us outside. There was a slight chemical aftertaste in our selections--a small reminder this restaurant was in the business of making mass-produced, similar goodies in other locations. My Taho and our hot items didn't look very appealing in its disposable container--it looked like a rushed job of grabbing to-go containers from a birthday party.GLANCING AROUNDOur cashier was very friendly, but with so many bodies dancing behind the counter, it was no surprise to witness some confusion in the interactions between the employees and the customers before and after my order. The dining area is very simple and plain--reminiscent of the old, old fast food places before they decided to upgrade.I believe this place will stay busy from the mere belief most of its patrons are visiting Filipinos who want something somewhat reminiscent of home.
3	I go to this restaurant strictly for halo halo and dessert "drinks".  They are pricey, but they are good.  But, because they are pricey the tech should be very aware of keeping a standard when building the dessert, especially when a guest orders multiples of one dessert! They should be made with the same portions each time.  My desserts were missing the essentials of halo halo and unequal portions, too?!  Come on guys and dolls!  2 stars fell off for consistent inconsistency with my last couple visits.
3	it's just an okay restaurant, to be honest. tastes nothing like the home country, but I guess it's the best we can do.ambiance: 3 - just okay, but it sometimes smells like cleaning agent, which is a turnoff. there is limited seating, but thankfully not a long line.service: 4 - preparation is pretty fast, but they can be a bit slow when taking orders.food: 3 - halo halo is pretty okay, for which I grant this place two stars. for breakfast I had tocino and bangus. it was pretty disappointing because the tocino was pretty tasteless, and that's my favorite. they should really consider cooking and buying fresh foods instead of frozen foods.I say that because the tocino from seafood city, next door, is 100x better than this!
1	Place sucks. Everything is premade, sitting under a heat lamp or frozen. Nothing is ever fresh. service sucks. only good thing about this place is they're open til 12am.
1	Eh I'm just not fond of any of the Filipino fast food places here and Chow King especially. First of all the lady at the counter wasn't listening and kept screwing up our order but it was resolved before we paid so it was all good. Had the Bangus today with garlic fried rice and an over-hard egg. It was just aight. But still probably better than all the other items on their menu. I've had their lumpia before and wasn't fond of it at all. 6 tiny stale and overcooked pieces that just sucked. I also had their pulabok and that also just sucked. The only decent beverage would be the taho. Oh and the halo-halo is alright too. Don't bother getting the boba from here or jollibee. Well actually Jollibee's not as bad but still. You either get undercooked boba or frozen or maybe both. Idfk man I just hate eating here. I would rather spend my $8 at Chinatown where I could get my money's worth of some QUALITY food. The only reason I came her was because my aunt from Texas said they don't have Chow King there and in my mind I'm like "well you aren't a missing out on anything special" but I had to suck it up and pretended like I love coming to seafood city and eating all the mediocre food there. Nothing beats home cooked Filipino food for me. The fast food chains are a joke. I prefer Nanay Gloria's or Cusina ni Lorraine just a few miles down.
4	I had the siomai...I think I am biased because I have been longing for Chow King. It brings back so many memories...it could be compared to Chow Kings around the neighborhood areas of Caloocan (near the street). It's not the #1 place you should go to eat Dim sum or noodles. But it can take you to a blast from the past. :) I loved it!
3	Stopped by here for some halo halo after a nearby dinner. It was my 1st time having halo halo and I had only seen pictures of it before. Since it was dinner time this place was super packed and there was a line to order. Luckily since we only ordered dessert, our order was out pretty soon after we placed it. Since this is a fast food joint, the halo halo was served in a cup which made it a little difficult to eat...I felt like I had to eat each layer one by one because I was unable to mix it like I usually would with shaved ice or snow treats. Overall I thought it the halo halo was pretty good although I have nothing to compare it to so don't take my word for it!
1	Do not waste your time or money going here. It's been years since we ate here usually we decide on Jollibee but we decided to go through with Chow King and regretted our meal completely.I ordered Congee which is rice porridge came out cold like it was chilled in the fridge cold. Previously it came with chicken I guess they changed their menu and it's worse then ever before. The price, portion, quality is completely OFF! Never again!! Don't try their siopao either it was so not worth it. Halo Halo is an easy Filipino desert I mean it's shaved ice even that was made wrong! The ice was in large lumps not blended enough. I don't even know how they manage to stay open that's how bad this place is.
3	Chow King is right across from Jollibee (at Seafood city), so whenever I'm not in the mood for Jollibee, I go to Chow King.  The food at Chow King is OK, nothing too special.  I go here for their bangus/tapa combo and sometimes the beef mami (noodles).  There are many other authentic Filipino restaurants around the area, but Chow King is convenient since they're open late.
1	Nothing ever really makes me wish I ate at Jolibee, but eating at Chow King would be the closest. Food is gross. I barely ate the noodles I ordered because it was so salty. I mean it tasted like I was doing a Morton Salt keg stand. And how do you mess up halo halo? It came out in one large ice clump. It's a madhouse here at times with really no order. Pure chaos.  I will give them dap for taking my aunt's order when she completely skipped the line at the service station. Granted she's getting up there in years and wasn't paying attention, so I give them props for taking her order, though I probably would've been angry if I was standing in line.I get that it's Filipino fast food, but you get what you pay for. So be warned.
1	This review only echoes what most have already said. The food is subpar and is nothing like how ChowKing tastes like back in the Philippines. It does taste like it was reheated in a microwave. Its pretty disappointing for people like me whose been craving it for awhile only to be presented with gummy siomai and really dry chowfan. The service is great but the food is mediocre.
2	Food are ok but they have the best ube boba tho. I use to work here like 2 years ago and I decided just to order something that doesnt involve them cooking because truthfully they dont wash the dishes correctly, they reuse the sanitize water over and over even if it had some food in it. YUCK! I am sorry.
4	Interesting fusion of Chinese food with Filipino food. Would recommend if willing to try something different.  Service was fast and friendly.
5	Absolutely Love this place their Halo Halo is the best I've ever eaten and you must try their Ube Bubble shake. I wish Hawaii Had one!
1	If I could pick NO stars I would, unfortunately I don't have that option. this place is ridiculous. Waited over 25minutes for chicken. People working at the cashier didn't even bother telling me it would take long. My whole family ate before I got my food and it was cold. This place is a complete joke of Filipino food. Do yourself a favor and cook at home.
