5	Moist brisket is my favorite followed by ribs. Sweet corn I love. A sweet tea is always a treat. I've had everything on the menu except the prime rib and everything is always great. From Texas to Colorado, the BBQ is always great.
5	We are a serious BBQ loving family. We were really looking forward to having a great BBQ restaurant in the West Valley. We finally have one! This place was terrific. We tried the brisket, turkey, chicken, ribs, sausage, and several of the sides. Everything was perfect. We only wished they had corn bread and mac-n-cheese on the menu. Guess you can't have everything. Service was great and fast even though the place was packed and the line out the door. Would recommend this place to anyone that wants good Texas BBQ.
5	Best BBQ I've ever had. On the same level as Phil's BBQ in San Diego... don't mind the lines, service is fast and the line moves quick. I love the way they lay out drinks before you order. They have 312 and IBC in stock, AWESOME!The 1/2lb ordering system takes some getting used to. In my opinion, 1/2lb of ribs/prime rib is not enough for most men. Order a pound, don't be a wuss. The 1/2lb of brisket is plenty, however. Perfect amount of food. Only side I have tried so far was coleslaw and it was meh. Plain, boring. Would not order again... but considering how great everything else is (including the service!) I won't dock any stars :)The moist brisket is the thing to try first, it will sell you on this place! I can't wait to go back and try the chicken and corn on the cobb (you get a whole cobb!).
5	Have eaten at Rudy's many times in Texas and have made the drive to Chandler several times for good BBQ. The new Goodyear location is just as good. Went for lunch today and had some brisket and ribs and they were great. The green chili stew is outstanding.It got very busy so if you don't want to wait get there early. Highly recommend Rudy's.
2	Seriously disappointed in this place.After finally getting a BBQ joint on the West Side, I was excited to try Rudy's... and then we got it today at work for lunch and it was extremely blase.  Nothing to write to mom about, everything was boring.  And the "Texas toast" we were told about by the girl at the front counter - was a loaf of white bread.  Seriously?!  Maybe eating in would yield a better experience, but right now I'm not impressed and highly doubtful.
1	Walked in the smell was great , however standing in line to get food than to sit at picnic tables or what have you, no not gonna do that, I won't stand in line to get my own food and pay as much as I would have to pay than to sit at a community table with a bunch of strangers , if I wanted to wait inline I can go to Arby's Terrible.
2	The brisket was dry and flavorless, the baby back ribs had hardly any meat on them, the coleslaw was also bland. Considering they just opened... If this is the best it's going to be then I'm not impressed.
2	It's Thursday early evening decided to celebrate my grandsons 9th birthday with some BBQ . Rudy's just opened up so we packed the cars and headed to Avondale. First impression was these guys don't know  about the AZ heat. Waited in line outside with the sun beating down on us. Should have put the entrance on another side of the building, not the west side. HOTOnce inside we found out that all the meats were sold by the pound.. Kinda like a sate fair ambience. Picnic tables and cafeteria tables with steel folding chairs, not comfortable. Now the brisket was worth the wait but the baby back ribs were not as I expected. I've had better in my own backyard . The chicken was , well chicken. Let's get to the best part, at least for me. The beer! The beer was on ice. Enough said. But if I wanted cold beer I would have stayed at Bejardise. There are better BBQ establishments. So if your in the mood for some good old fashion BBQ stick with your favorite place, they deserve your patronage.Sorry Avondale, Rudy's is in Goodyear
4	I came here expecting for an adventure or run into fellow Yelp reviewer, Melody C.  You see, with her grandiose expectations of this barbeque chain to be on par of her regular dining experiences along the upper echeleons of Scottsdale or Paradise Valley; I had to see this to believe it.  And believe this.You see, I expected this half-wit bourgie (slang for bourgeouis) to step out of her stretched navigator upon arrival of red carpet and camera flashes.  This place may have been too trite; but understand, I was just a lowly traveler following the drove of Avondalians, Goodyearians, Litchfielder's and heaven forbid...even Tollesoners who made up the greater of South-westerners  who were obviously deprived of Barbeque.  Heck, the lines has been out the door since their opening.  And for good reason!But not in the eyes of Ms. Melody C.   You see, waiting in line to pay for your own food and than, gasp...be seated next to nice families, old people, maybe families with old people and children or even children themselves with no families; I don't know...but you do have a choice of sitting on a picnic bench that line the sit-downs across.  Melody C. failed to see that there are also individual little mini-benches for Snobs who care not to sit next to normal people.  And why should people like her sit next to people like you and me, folks?  I mean, there is a huge difference and according to Melody C....it's because we don't adorn our homes with just pictures of ourselves with our faces smashed next to a similar looking drunk Snottsdale bourgie while what appears to be flashing a gang symbol.  Alas, it is not folks...be relieved as it is just the hand symbols that represent her greek letter organization.  I expected her to walk past the red carpet, wait in the non-vip line as with everyone else and gently setting her purse down and saying "Ewww" as she notices a guy in a cardinal's jersey stand near her $2,500 prada bag and saying "YOU'RE STEPPING ON MY PRADA BAG! It's worth more than your paycheck! Get the ___ off!"  Yep.  Food - excellent.  Price, great!  It's barbeque and long overdue for South West valley.  Everything is alacarte but not as expensive - line wraps around metal iced troughs with all sorts of bottled soda, beers and delights!  Nice.  Once you get to the counter with 6 people screaming "next!"  to registers - order your alacartes; they place everything in black plastic bread trays where they slide your non-bourgie card and send you off to the abyss where there is a pickle and pepperonchini, and raw onion bar.  Nice.  Paper towels, plastic utensils, and even rows of butcher paper so that you could go sit next to someone like myself, and some kids, and old people and even Melody C. who is grumbling to herself and can't believe she just spent the lint and pocket change for food only to wait in line and sit on a picnic bench. By the way.  Did I mention that there are two barbeque sauces on each end of the picnic tables - not the best bbq food I've eaten, but it's dang good and the creamed corn is absolutely delicious.  Family had the jalapeno smoked sausage, BBQ ribs, some loaded potato, pudding, a ginormous rice krispie treat, etc.  Awesomeness.  I went on the Friday before Father's day - I loved it.  Down to earth and awesome.  And the staff there sometimes has hats that are cabella camouflage/duck dynastish and others don't....I think it's a rank system to be wearing that hat and some don't.  I'll figure it out later as soon as I'm done digesting.  A little over $34.00 for family of four....a la carte.  Not bad at all.....sans duck dynasty hats.
2	Hubby and I are always on the lookout for good BBQ, so when this place opened up not too far from us, we got quite excited!  We noticed the reviews were up and down, but we like to make our own decisions, so we decided to check it out tonight.We weren't in the mood to "go out", so we ordered our BBQ and went to pick it up.  We chose brisket, pulled pork, baby back ribs, cole slaw and baked beans.  The smell in the car was wonderful, and we couldn't wait to dig into the bag.  Once home, we put everything out on the counter and went at it.The one overwhelming flavor was pepper...not chili pepper, but cracked pepper.  I don't mind a peppery flavor, but it was everywhere and a bit too much, in my opinion.  The sauces we got were "original" and "sissy".  The sissy sauce was for me, and there was cracked pepper in that, too.  Hubby went for the original, and he really didn't seem to enjoy it too much.The only thing I found redeeming was the pulled pork, so that's what I ended up eating.  I tried the brisket, but it wasn't to my liking.  Also, the ribs were alright, but they were a bit tough.  The cole slaw was of the chunky variety, it wasn't bad, but wasn't great, either.  However, the baked beans weren't what I was expecting.  In my mind, they're usually somewhat sweet and flavorful.  These were bland and reminded me of bad refried beans.  When we were tasting them, my hubby made a comment about putting them in a burritto, because they looked like some we've seen in Mexican restaurants.On the good side, we have plenty of white bread to last us through the weekend...they serve it with the BBQ.I'm sad to say, we were highly disappointed.  Will we try it again?  Probably not.  And, that's too bad, because there aren't really any BBQ places in our area.  I guess we're destined to long drives for the kind of BBQ we enjoy.
5	After waiting for this amazing place to open I finally made it in and I can say that it was well worth the wait. I have never been to a Rudy's location that I didn't like this one included. If you have never been to a Rudy's before then I highly recommend you try it. If you are looking for a fine dining experience then this is not the place for you. Rudy's is a place for families to get together and enjoy some good BBQ in a family style, self serve setting. The brisket is succulent, the chicken is delish, and the sauce is the boss!!!
4	Finally a decent BBQ spot for the far westsiders..been here a few times already... not bad, breakfast tacos are great and even better price.Came back when it was crowded,but my food was to go and the service was fast. I was in and out in 15 minutes and yet my food was great had jalapeno sausage sandwich with potato salad and beans..all good. The wife had loaded potato and she enjoyed it... Will definitely be going back.
4	Great BBQ.  Ordered brisket (lean) and it was a bit dry for my liking.  Added some sauce and it helped. I should have and recommend the moist brisket.  Added a sausage link, and it was delicious!Not too many choices for kids.  They do offer grilled cheese (white or wheat bread) and added a bag of chips.  Kids liked it, but again just not a lot for them.Wife had pulled pork, dabbed on some sissy sauce and she enjoyed it.  Coleslaw and three bean salad were great.  I saw a gentleman seated nearby ordered the prime rib and it looked awesome.  I know what I'm trying next time.Overall great Texas style BBQ, this side of town needed it!
4	Awesome place. The inside looks very flashy. Great ambiance and feel. I love the crates you carry your food in, the picnic table type seating and eating on paper. It all really adds to the charm of the place. Plus, a loaf of bread for everyone! You don't think you'll eat it...but you will.Line was out the door but it was on Father's Day so I can't really complain about that. The service was very quick for how busy it was, employees do a wonderful job. The food was great! As many said, the brisket is a bit dry, but sauce it up and it's just damn fine. The real shining light is the jalapeno sausage. If you go here, GET IT. It's absolutely delicious. The cream corn is the best I've ever had in my life. I don't know what they do to it, but it's amazing. The BBQ sauces were great as well and the green chile stew will not disappoint. If you don't like spicy, it might be a bit hard for you. Many parts of everyone's meal at my party were spicy. Nothing too crazy, but had a kick. Verdict: Definitely worth a visit.
4	Food was good and service was friendly. Place was very loud but it was expected. The atmosphere was very different from anything I've ever experienced, very country-like...you almost forget you're In arizona! Wouldn't go there on a date but definitely go back for some filling barbeque. Also, I loved how simple the menu was.
4	I have mixed thoughts about Rudy's. On the positive side, it's an awesome setup with very nice employees. I LOVED the cream corn and peach cobbler. This ribs and breakfast burrito were pretty good too. My husband loved the corn on cob and it looked delicious. I HATED the pulled pork. It was so bitter that neither my husband or I could eat it - it went straight into the trash. They smoke with White Oak, and the bitterness makes your toes curl. I also didn't care for the cole slaw, brownie or the banana pudding (pudding very bland). Will I go to Rudy's again? Definitely yes. I will try to hone my selections until I get my favorite meal.
4	The breakfast burritos are amazing and cheap. The "texas toast" aka a slice of Wonder Bread is pretty lame buuut the BBQ meat, sauce and sides are all delicious. friendly staff as well
4	We were surprised that two BBQ places were right across the street from one another, but I have to say that Rudy's by far was better than the other, although it's nice to have choices.  We had the platter with chicken, turkey, and brisket with a side of corn I believe and the meat was so moist but still hot.  The staple of eating your food out of the crates is dynamite.  I don't get caught up in what I eat out of, as long as the food is good, hot, and moist.Thank you Rudy's
3	After reading the reviews for this location, we decided to try it today.  My husband had the baby-back ribs--they had no flavor and were fatty.  the creamed corn was very good but extremely rich so he couldn't finish it.  I had the pulled pork sandwich and green chili stew--both were very tasty with the right amount of heat.Many of the reviewers indicated that this is the best of the best.  We disagree.  We have had bbq at other places that was a good and in the case of Dillons, better.
5	Well, as a native Texan, I thought it was the best restaurant barbecue I have had in years!  I had the brisket sandwich that I could quite literally cut with the plastic knife provided.  While real Texas barbecue is smoked, loved and rubbed, you won't find it bathed in sauce, that is always on the side.I found the sauce to be very good...tangy of lemon rather than vinegar.  Not too sweet like Tennessee sauce. I prefer my sauce a little spicy but I would consider it mild.I had potato salad that I thought was good and would rate it 3 1/2 stars.  The baked beans were not what I expected or would consider traditional style, but very tasty, tangy pinto beans.  I would give the beans 4 stars.I will most defiantly return for more awesome goodness to try other menu items.  I highly recommend this dining experience for the casual style and for the food.
5	Love it!  Have been for breakfast and lunch. Had the potato with turkey and it was excellent. Reminded me of Larry's BBQ is Dothan, Al where I used to get a potato with chicken. Hubby said the pulled pork sand which was the best he has ever had, but didn't care for the coleslaw. I like that you seat yourself and carry your own food to the table as it eliminates the usual $8 tip for the two of us at a typical sit-down restaurant....  Also liked that the kids fit well on their large drinks and the straws were easy to remove from their wrappers--hate straws in plastic wrappers as I tend to crack the straw and then it makes it hard to drink. Line moves fairly fast. Oh--hubby really like the potato salad.
4	Rudy's is new to my area and I'm hungover again. Perfect combo.Zero wait and on a Sunday that's pretty impressive. Quick and friendly service was noticeable right off the bat. I ordered the pulled pork, moist brisket and potato salad. The moist brisket was fantastic, the pulled pork was a tad dry and the potato salad was about as boring as a house salad. Altogether good food for a decent price.I'll be coming back here, most likely hungover.
4	Fast service, food was good, especially the moist brisket. They don't have traditional sides like Mac n cheese or corn bread. The serving trays are about as cumbersome as carrying around an oil derrick. Oh and there weren't any napkins readily available.
3	I'm Not A BBQ ExpertI am no BBQ expert (I'm from New York, and I ain't gonna pretend) but I'd have to say on my first visit to Rudy's the quality and  taste of the food  wasn't bad, not the best BBQ around  but you could do worse. Rudy's Country Store has a nostalgic vibe, from the hand-sliced meat served  on brown paper to the large ice buckets that keep the beer and sodas cold. Rudy's dinning area is lined with long picnic tables covered in red and white plastic table clothes. The soft drinks are at a station where you serve yourself, as well as the condiment station with various sauces, pickles, and hot peppers.On my first visit to Rudy's  I went for breakfast, yes BBQ for breakfast.  Rudys offers breakfast tacos ($1.50), served from 7 a.m. to 10 a.m.  I had eggs, potatoes, and chopped brisket with tomatillo salsa. The brisket was tender but a bit on the dry side, however,  a little tomatillo sauce  took care of that problem.   What I noticed most about the brisket is the overwhelming taste of cracked pepper.   The taste of the cracked pepper dominated the flavor of the meat. It was just to much cracked pepper for my liking. I think on my next visit I will go for lunch and try a sandwich.The food is okay. I'm not a big fan of barbecue, so I wasn't that crazy about it, but my friends thought it was finger-lickin' good.
2	It was ok. Pulled pork was barley warm. BBQ sauce was cold and made the pork cold. The bottles of sauce are big and slippery do to being in the refrigerator. Really a pain to get the sauce out. Probably will not go back.  Price was good for BBQ.
5	Went out to eat with some co-workers at Rudy's last week. I had the pulled pork sandwich and it was among the best I've had. They asked if it was my first time, when I said yes I received a free sample of the brisket. That will be my next meal at Rudy's.
3	This a place to go if you like MEAT.  If you don't like meat then its not a good choice for you.  So many choices for meat.. Its definitely a place to come back over and over.  Great atmosphere ... Just be warned... If you go around lunch time expect huge lines.  They really need a much bigger parking lot.
5	Outstanding BBQ!!! We had the Brisket Moist the best way to go, pork loin, PRIME RIB OUTSTANDING, sausage link, Potatoe salad, and banana pudding. The Prime Rib is by far the best. Everything was perfectly cooked and just like the original stores in Texas.  Only complaint is with the people slicing the meat. it is very inconsistent in thickness. The same slice is 1/2 thick to paper thin. This BBQ should be thicker slices 1/4 to 1/2 is fine. Also when a pound of meat takes three tries to get to a pound is horrible and slows down the line. we ended up ordering 5 lbs of meat and it took 13 tries to end up with the right amount of food per type ordered.Keep in mind this is a buy it by the pound BBQ joint. Lots of meat choices. Lots of excellent cold sides. Plenty of choices for everyone.  Also Lean is low fat so it can be dry. Moist is fatty but extra flavorful and far from dry. The prime rib is excellent
1	Do not be fooled by the full parking lot!!  If it was great the lengthy line would be worth it.. The BBQ sauce had no taste and we had the brisket and pulled pork and after a few bites we swore we would never come back!  Highly disappointed cuz there are not a lot of BBQ places in the area so we were so excited... Oh well, we will just keep hoping for a new place to open..
3	Very expensive. Stick to the brisket, sausage, corn on the cob, and potato salad. Avoid the pulled pork, the baby back ribs were a joke. Only BBQ place near here so I guess they have me as a customer by proxy.
4	Okay, so, I'm a fan.I finally managed to pick a day when there wasn't a line out the front door.The first time, I ordered some food to go:  chicken, sausage, tater salad, and slaw.  The only thing I would recommend you avoid is the coleslaw, which was bland.  It had an awful flavor and similar consistency of cabbage that has been left outside in the rain, chopped up, and mixed with watered-down salad dressing.Overall, I enjoyed my first experience.  Keep in mind, that it may take you a few visits to fully understand how to order properly.If you want a bottle of beer or pop, you grab it out of the cooler (tub full of ice), stick it in a large pail, then fill the pail full of ice to keep it cold.If you want some sides or dessert, there are some options in a refrigerator before you arrive at the counter.  You simply take what you want and pay at the front.The second time to Rudy's was also a good experience.I tried the jalapeno sausage, lean brisket, chicken, and beans.The beans, sausage, and chicken was good, but the brisket had a distinct lighter fluid / gas taste to the meat.If this is how their brisket usually tastes, then I will probably just stick with the sausages and chicken.Also, it appears as though their BBQ sauce consists of crushed pepper corns.  I hate pepper corns.  The sauce is okay just as long as you steer clear of the pepper.In sum, their air conditioning is awesome and the food is pretty damn good and reasonably priced.I would definitely return to Rudy's.
1	Finally was able to get in without a day where the line was out the door.  My sons has the pork ribs, and lean brisket, I had a pulled pork sandwich and we shared the. New potatoes.   My sandwich was sooo greasy that the bottom bun was completely soaked, my sons lean brisket was even more greasy.   The was papers that the items are served on were so soaked - they ripped on us. My son liked his ribs but let me warn you 3 ribs are a half a pound and did nothing to fill him up.   The new potatos are literally cut up red potatoes swimming in melted butter.    The BBQ sauce has hardly any taste.    Will not be going again.
4	Really great BBQ and especially great for the west side.  Wonderful food.  We enjoy the casual and family style dining.  The only complaint is if you come with a group of six it can take a while from the delivery of your first meat until your ready to go sit down.  It can result in colder food than I prefer.
4	I had Rudy's in New Mexico and it was so good.  Then they opened one up in Chandler, and I was excited!  I was super excited that a Rudy's was opening on the West side. No more driving 40 mins to get BBQ.  Like always, I love the moist brisket and the baby back ribs.  The corn on the cob was so sweet and good.  I like the Sissy BBQ sauce.  Yes, I am a wimp.
5	Went here with a large group of people and it was great. Food is tasty and I love the decor. A little pricey but it's worth it for some good BBQ. It was super busy so we waited a while in the line, but that may be because this is a new restaurant. Overall we had a good experience and I will be back.
2	If a company is going to engineer an "experience" of waiting in an excessive line, picking your own food out of display cases and servicing your own table then the food needs to be so good that the annoying contrived atmosphere is worth tolerating. This place doesn't pull it off. We were lucky enough to not really have to wait long but we were still annoyed even after a couple of minutes. The counter server was very nice and asked if this was our first time and offered a couple of samples. The turkey sample was outstanding but the the moist brisket was tasteless and almost all fat. The ordering process, I imagine, would take a couple of trips to get used to offering no combos, just meat by the pound (or half-pound), sausages, and sandwiches.  They give you your food in a drink crate on heavy brown paper. Everything after that is self-service, self-serve drinks, self-serve utensils, and a sign that says "Your mother doesn't work here so clean up your mess". The only redeeming quality was they didn't even offer a tip location on the receipt. I ordered the turkey sandwich which is just turkey and bun and a half jalapeno sausage, my GF ordered the half-chicken which turned out to be pretty good but not great. Again, the turkey meat was really flavorful with a nice pepper edge and the jalapeno sausage was pretty good but again, not great. We ordered sides of creamed corn and green-chili stew. Both had good flavor but the corn kernels were undercooked and chewy. They offer Bar-B-Q Sause (their spelling, not mine) at the table. The sissy sauce is vinegar based and kind of bland and the regular sauce is the sissy sauce with lots and lots of cracked black pepper.  I admit sauces are infinitely subjective and someone may like one over the other but I thought both were ordinary.Rudy's is a corporate chain store trying to recreate a family-style barbecue place and it shows. If I could, I would give a 2.5 star rating for the food but the average food quality doesn't balance the excessively informal atmosphere. Honey Bear's in central Phoenix or on Van Buren is an authentic family-style barbecue place and one doesn't mind the wait or serving yourself because the food is unbelievably good. In fact I know the more I self-serve at a place like Honey Bear's the less overhead they have to pay and are more likely to stay in business. Dillon's has excellent food as well and I would go out of my way for a sit-down meal but will probably not be going back to Rudy's.
4	Pretty good BBQ.  I had the moist brisket, creamed corn and potato salad.  The brisket had a nice, smoked flavor, was tender and somewhat juicy.  It had a good bark on it, too.  I tried a taste of their two BBQ sauces and didn't really care for them.  That's just me, though, because I like mine a sweet, Tennessee style sauce.  Ultimately, the meat should stand alone without the help of sauce.  No sauce was needed.  The creamed corn was really good -- sweet and yummy.  It really complimented the savory flavor of the meat.  The potato salad...not so much.  It's completely commercial tasting.  I didn't realize it until my hubby sat it down and saw it's shipped in from New Braunfels, TX (very close to the BBQ capital of Lockhart).  I will skip that one next time.  They do not have a kids menu, which was disappointing but not a deal breaker.  We did fine with the offerings.  They had turkey, which was very good.  Moist, tender and well seasoned -- they ate it up.  My older son had the corn on the cob -- devoured -- and my youngest had the baked potato (made my own mashed with some butter).  The potato is expensive, but nice sized, that comes topped with butter sour cream and shredded cheese.  My hubby had the brisket, corn and sausage.  He said the sausage was good and flavorful.Line was out the door and waited about 30 mins.  Love the picnic style seating (real BBQ style) with all your drinks, eating utensils, etc serve yourself.  We will be back again.
2	Overrated bbq: baby backs ribs were a lil tough, and not even close to falling off the bone. potato salad was fine, but the cole slaw and Rudy beans were horrible.The chicken was a little dry but is probably the only saving grace at Rudy's.Should have driven to Lucilles in Tempe.
2	I was so hopeful to find a good BBQ place. I heard great things about this place but wanted to wait until the lines went down from it being new. Well, I am so sad. Shared a brisket and a turkey sandwich along with sides of coleslaw, potato salad and a cobbler with my mom. There was a really bad propane taste to the turkey.  The brisket was ok. Not anything to rave about. The BBQ sauce you add yourself at the table, which the spouts were clogged.  Now I really thought that they would have some good potato salad and coleslaw being a BBQ place. I was very wrong.  Not homemade.  Tasted like any store bought deli products.  Ewe. I guess that I had high hopes for the cobbler. Was kinda scared to try it after the salads. Yep disappointed.  I have actually had better frozen store bought. I hate to do a bad review but really if the food was better I'd totally give it a great review.  I think the whole concept they have is cool and the decorations are totally western BBQ cool. Even the patio for when it cools down would be great.  But you don't go there for the decorations.
4	I've been back for more. I tried the sausage (AWESOME) and went back for more brisket (AWESOME).I'm lowering my rating from 5 stars to 4 stars because I've now tried all of the sides and none of them are really that good. I expected the full cob of corn to be good, but something was off about it. Soaked in butter too long? Frozen until heated? Meh. Coleslaw hasn't gotten any better. Beans were eh. It needs some work, but for now... I'll just order only meat.Drink selection is still awesome, seems to change frequently which is nice. Don't be afraid of lines, they move quick. It was out the door and I only waited about 20 minutes and got my food right away. Try getting service like that in any sit down restaurant...
4	I am pretty picky and I really like BBQ....that said I do not generally like standing in line to order but we pushed on!  The ribs were just OK, the moist brisket was outstanding, the green chili stew was also outstanding!  I tried my wife's pulled pork and it was again, just OK.  Very good service, place is clean, prices are very reasonable.  Oh...tried a few of the breakfast burritos the other morning to go...delicious!  Will be back.
5	Green Chili Stew and Smoked Turkey are outstanding along with everything else here...except the lean brisket...unless you're in to that kind if thing. Fat is flavor baby! Spicey Chop is very good too and the potato salad is better than expected.
2	Well....the chocolate pudding was good!  This place has a lot of hype surrounding it and despite being an enormous fan of the Austin style BBQ joint in Phoenix, Little Miss BBQ (see my review and all the other 5-star reviews surrounding it), I was willing to give it a shot.  The line didn't bug me and I was ready to wait knowing this is how Texas style BBQ is, but just know you will wait a bit because of the way they slice and serve their food.  My hubby and two friends and I grabbed one of the metal buckets and filled it with yeasty beverages while we waited.  Let me just preface this entire review now (as if the first sentence didn't already cover it)...I have two simple words to describe it.  Dry. Bland. Dry. Bland. Dry. Bland. Dry. Bland.  Does that about cover it?We decided on half a pound each of the pork spare ribs, fatty brisket, and one house made jalapeno sausage along with some coleslaw, beans, and chocolate pudding.  The coleslaw was insanely bland.  What am I talking about?!  The entire tray of meat was everything but flavorful.  As soon as they put the ribs on our tray, I turned to my husband and asked him, "What the heck is that?"  It was gray and looked like cardboard.  The fatty brisket they laid down was a lousy excuse for fatty brisket.  As a brisket expert, my husband realized their "fatty brisket" is actually the lower part of the point, which is dry and normally chopped and served on sandwiches because it isn't pretty and it certainly isn't fatty.  The link looked hopeful though.  I totally dug the hot carrots!!!  So, Texas BBQ is supposed to not require any sauce at all.  But this stuff had to be doused in it!  I had to bathe my meat in it for goodness sakes.  There was absolutely no flavor to any of the meat and no seasoning (and by that I mean salt and pepper) in sight.  Never will I ever go back to Rudy's.  And I am NOT just writing this subpar review because of LMB...I honestly and truthfully was grossed out and extremely let down by the appearance, taste, and lackluster flair of their food. Sure Little Miss BBQ is a bit more of a drive, but their meat is juicy, flavorful, and doesn't require any sauce whatsoever.  Their sides are tasty too.
3	Good BBQ + fair prices + LOOOOONG linesOne of the top three BBQ places in Phoenix Metro in my experience.  They smoke their meats to a moist and tender perfection.  You then choose one of the sauces to bathe the meat in.  I prefer BBQ styles where the meat is cooked with the BBQ sauce and with more smoke flavor in the meat itself.  Yay for "smoke rings".  That said, Rudy's really cooks their stuff well and the sauce options offer a good combo.  Potato salad and chocolate pudding are worthy add-ons to the meal.  The sausage options are the best things on the menu.  Kids menu is helpful.  And they have very nice staff.Tip: If the line is still out the door, find somewhere else to eat and come back when the line is sane.Taking a star off simply for that line and wait.  Lines can be atrociously long and you'll see plenty of company as you weave to the cashiers.  People get progressively grumpy as the minutes tick by in the tens.  By the time you're about to order, folks are making snide remarks at each other and kids are getting in trouble from boredom.
5	Rudy's never disappoints! Breakfast, lunch or dinner it's always good! Peach cobbler is a must have!
4	This is my new "go-to" place for lunch. The baby back ribs are awesome (every time I have them, I really am in awe of the people who smoked them) the sides are great and, most importantly, consistently tasty. Oh I have to mention that I just love the deserts, especially the banana pudding.
4	4 Stars Because of a few factorsBBQ is awesome, moist delicious and seasoned perfectly with smoke, herbs and more.  We had the turkey, lean brisket, beans, corn on the cob and cream corn.  To compare with other bbq joints they only serve meals family style meaning that if you are looking for a combo meal this isn't the place.   I would say this is probably the best BBQ on the west side hands down.  The bbq quality and flavor rivals that of someone with a famous name.  The bbq sauce didn't impress me though.  How this BBQ joint works: This is the place for sharing bbq with family and friends.  Each meat is weighed by the half pound right in front of you.  There are no servers.  You go up to the counter and order and there is basically not wait as the person behind the counter goes and gets your order right away from the cooks cutting the meat and such also behind the counter.  Its a bit chaotic at first but I can see how the system works.  You also have to pick up your drinks before you hit the front counter as well.The line is a bit weird as it snakes around the restaurant.  Someone in line said it was like waiting for a ride at disney.  So overall I would say you should blaze a new trail.  The lines look long but they go fast.
4	So I like meat (har-har). I wouldn't call myself a bbq connoisseur but I do enjoy good ribs when I get the chance to. When a friend dragged my beau and myself here last night, I was a bit skeptical but the minute I walked in, I couldn't help but salivate at the smell of all the barbeque. They offered us a sample when we got to the register of the brisket and turkey. Both were mighty tasty. The brisket was fantastic. I got the cutter's choice, but next time I think I'd go with the moist. My beau got the ribs which were pretty fantastic too. We dosed our meals in their bbq "sause" and it was amazing, really tasty with a spicy kick at the end. I also recommend getting their potato salad, so good.Don't forget to ask for your military discount while you're there! Easy to say, I'll be back (for meat).
4	Rudys is a great West Valley addition. It's nice to see an establishment like this open up. It's still a little drive for me, but it's worth it. I like Rudys because its different, It's not your usual BBQ restaurants. You walk in and immediately you have a host or hostess to help you. If it's your first time there it can be confusing. Their breakfast tacos are already in the heater ready to go. You have self serve choice to make before you can get to the counter and place your order. Now they sell their meat by the pound, I had their pork ribs, potato salad, and had to try their brisket breakfast taco. Surprisingly the taco was very good, wasn't sure if it was going to be since it had a combination of eggs, cheese, and brisket. But then again whats in a machaca burrito? And they taste great! The ribs were a dry rub, and you add the BBQ sauce at your table. Without the sauce it was pretty decent, and the added sauce made it that much better. Ribs had a lot of meat so they are not cheating you on anything. I had a great time here, friendly service, received my food very quickly, and the food was good. The atmosphere was really cool also! This is definitely a place I would like to visit occasionally.
4	Oh how I really love Rudy's. I've been to one in Austin, and been to the Chandler one probably 10 times. My go to place on the way to Tucson. I love the fact that they consistently have good BBQ at any time of the day. Yes are there better BBQ places in Phx, and most recently I've fallen in love with Little Miss BBQ, but you can't always get food there, ie they run out quick and long lines. Rudy's is always good food at good prices all the time. As with the Chandler location when it was new lines at Rudy's were very long. After the hoopla is done, the lines died down. I've heard the lines can be long here at the Goodyear location, but we came at 9pm on a Tuesday and were served right away. Their moist brisket was excellent and we ordered turkey. We also tried the banana pudding. Great at well. Overall this is a perfect addition to Phoenix. I wish they would open one up on I 17 so I can get my BBQ on in all directions leaving and coming back from a road trip. Also, their original BBQ sauce is the best ever. I always buy a bottle when I come and use it on my BBQ and other food at home. You really can't beat it!Again, you can't go wrong with great food at Rudy's.
3	Rudy's in Goodyear just opened a few weeks ago and i waited for the crowds and the newness to calm down.   The inside is very clean and organized.  We had the pulled pork and the sliced turkey and cole slaw, and i must say the meats were very tasty but very expense almost $14 a pound.  now on the other side  the coleslaw was awful. for $2.09 you get a little cup (i am guessing about 3 ounces)  it was flavorless.     over all i would not recommend this, especially for the budget minded
3	Not great BBQ but the west side doesn't exactly have alot to choose from. I do have to say that the peach cobbler is awesome. Way too long of a wait for mediocre food. Call ahead and pick up is the best option if you want to check it out.
3	Wasn't a fan of their signature sauces. We had a little bit of everything., the ribs were tender, brisket tasted overstocked. The food was just okay to me. I liked the environment and the hospitality.
1	I must admit. Disappointed. I had been anticipating going after driving by almost daily seeing the parking lot always packed. The lines didn't bother me. The wait didn't bother me. The atmosphere was pretty cool. But the food? Plain. I can easily say we probably ordered every thing on the menu between our group and nothing stood out. I should be able to eat without drowning it in sauce. And then unfortunately their signature sauce wasn't all that great either...And seriously? Just a plain old loaf of bread? I ate it. Will I go back? Most likely not. Especially if I'm the one paying.
3	OK, so hear it goes.  Rudy's is new in the West Valley (I-10 & Litchfield Rd.)  I have had friends tell me about it so I wanted to try it.  The place was pretty packed, it was a short wait in a good sized line to get to the food counter.  Once there they will ask you if you have been there before.  If not, they will offer you tastings of the meats and explain the serving to you. There may be several new comers so you will have to deal will people who want to try everything because they don't know what they want. That is irritating but expected.  As it was our first time at Rudy's we wanted to try several items.  We ordered Cutter's Brisket, Turkey, regular Sausage, Rudy's pinto beans, green chili, potato salad, coleslaw & a micro brew bottle beer. They have plenty of beer and beverage choices. Everything was good but the stand out for me was the Turkey.  Get the Turkey! it had excellent flavor and smokiness while remaining moist and tender.  The brisket was dry and not as flavorful. The beans were good but not great. I like great beans. the Coleslaw was very good. The potato salad was my least favorite.  The sausage was huge and it had great flavor.  They offer their brand of BBQ sauce in Sissy or Original (a bit more spicy).  I compare this place to Texas BBQ House, where the brisket is much more flavorful and moist. They do not offer Turkey however. I also like the flavor and consistency of Texas BBQ House's BBQ sauce much better.  Rudy's was good, not a negative experience, I just had higher hopes for a full flavor of brisket I get elsewhere. I prefer Texas BBQ House over Rudy's.  Give Rudy's a try and see what you think.
2	It was not that awesome, disappointing in fact. They don't have much to choose from. I wanted a pulled chicken sandwich but nope not on their menu so I ended up with a lame brisket sandwich instead it was pretty tender but the flavor was lacking.  I was also a bit saddened that there was no mac n' cheese, yes you read right no mac n' cheese :(.  There BBQ sauces left much to be desired.  But thank goodness for the pecan pie that saved the day, it was pretty delicious and the only edible thing that I ordered that I really liked.  The staff was pretty friendly too. PS I don't like the setup of having to order first in a line and then wondering where I am going to sit, I always feel rushed when having to do so, but other than that it had a pretty good atmosphere .
3	Been driving past this nice looking spot forever and knew I had to try it.  Since I love BBQ, the thing is everyone can taste the same BBQ and the range of reviews you would get well is as different as the styles you get from city to city.  Being I have tried BBQ in South Caroline, Memphis TN, Dallas TX, Kansas City...you get the point, so it's pretty hard to give a fair review when the range is that wide.  The set up was interesting, like a lunch line with huge tubs to hold drinks in ice leading to the counter, and afterwards you head towards the picnic table cloths laid out on long bench tables.There's a fridge holding cold sides and deserts just before the counter, so we grabbed potato salad and slaw, and pecan pie.  Ordered moist brisket, and baby back ribs, with beans.  (note: tell em it's your first time to get a little sample! we sampled the turkey, it was actually very moist).My thing also about potato salad is everyone has a mixed pallet when it comes to this as well.  I normally hesitate when I see pre made potato salad sitting in a fridge because i immediately think of the Reisers brand that comes in those huge tubs at the grocery store, and those are pretty terrible!  But it was a little better than expected so that was a surprise.  The moist brisket was the start of the night, and the ribs were very disappointing.  The ribs were dry and the meat looked like it shrunk down more than it should have, and since they sell meat by weight here, i'm sure we didn't get our money's worth on the ribs.  The sissy sauce and the regular were ok, I honestly could not tell the difference between the two, they tasted the same!Overall it was an okay experience,  I do intend to come back and try other items, the night we came a lady was standing outside with a pet GOAT on a leash!  So I figured we were in for some real county BBQ!
4	EXCELLENT!!! The most tender meats!! The staff is really friendly and helpful.  My husband and I were first time guests so they let us sample every single meat they had before we chose anything!  My only complaint is the line is sooooo long it seriously is ridiculous but it does move very fast.  Just don't go during your lunch break when you have limited time! Also- slim pickings as far as sides go.  I wish they offered more greens and some macaroni and cheese would be nice.
4	If you love bbq this is a must try. Love the Turkey! Side dishes are great! Grab a beer and enjoy some good food and service!
1	While their BBQ is pretty good, the little breakfast burritos they make in the morning are not.I ordered about six of these greasy things to share with my coworkers and felt sick the rest of the day.I am pretty sure they gave me the scoots.Avoid their breakfast, because the food will make you sick and regretful.
4	What a nice find--True TEXAS BBQ!!!  We placed a to-go order for our family visiting from out of town.  We ordered at the restaurant since we were new and needed recommendations, but probably preferred to do online or over the phone.  Also "pre-ordering" will probably guarantee ordered items not to be 86ed.  We placed the order for 12 people, about $150 total, food was excellent, wonderfully packaged, and provided all utensils. What a class act.  We had plenty of food and left overs.  Next time we are all in AZ, this will be our go to take-out.  Here's the down-low:Meats: Rich brisket, tangy dry rubbed ribs, juicy pulled pork & shredded BBQ-beef, and my fav, length wise cut sausage!!!  So good!!Sides: pickles, pickled peppers & carrots, creamy potato salad, sweet cole slaw, corn on the cobb w/ melted butter, spiced-BBQ beans, sliced bread, a gallon of fresh tea & sliced lemons and a jar of BBQ sauce.Utensils: thick picnic table designed napkins, strong cutlery, serving tongs (worth washing and reusing), sturdy disposable plates, plenty of extra travel sized BBQ sauce.
4	1. I like the look of the place. It's like a big open barn, with picnic tables covered with all-to-familiar red and white table clothes. Everything about this place is redneck, and I love it. They have a theme and they nail it.2. I like the throwback glass bottles of pop/soda or your choice of an assortment of different beers in ice-filled tubs. And if you like getting refills, you can choose to get fountain drinks. They really advertise Big Red, which I find interesting, as I've never seen it in fountain drink form, and it's a personal favorite. 3. I REALLY like that they offer free samples of different meats at the counter, and they are generous portions for samples. 4. I kind of like the prices. Around $5 for a sandwich,  which is neither a great deal nor a rip-off. It does contain a lot of meat, and is of higher quality than a Subway $5 footlong. I tried the pulled pork sandwich. It was delish.5. I like how they have a condiment bar and offer two enormous slightly different flavored bottles of BBQ sauce at every seat. The sauces are good too.6. I like how they don't imply that you're supposed to tip. I dislike when restaurants where you order and grab your own tray have tip jars or tip line on the receipt. Rudy's does neither.I was a little turned off by one of the staff members. As we exited, I talked to one of the cooks outside and told him how much we enjoyed the food. I then offered him a $25 gift card to the company I myself am partnered with as a token of gratitude, to which he handed it back and said no thanks. I found this kind of offensive, as we'd just eaten here and complimented his work. If he wasn't interested in my offer, he could have slid it into his pocket and given it to someone else. Anyway, the food was good enough that we'll probably come back again.
2	This was yay close to getting a 1!  It was pretty damn bad.  Totally disappointed and I will never come back to this one.  The one in Chandler was good when we went but this one in Goodyear SUCKED!I walked in and placed my order for 3 pork ribs, 3 baby back ribs, 1/4lb of fatty brisket and a half of a jalapeno sausage.  That and a small drink came out to $28.00!  Jesus Christ, right?  I don't mind paying top dollar for food.  Price doesn't phase me.  When it's for slop though, it does.  This was some slop for the most part.  Paid the lady my money, got my drink and took a seat.  Here is how everything was......................Baby Back Ribs-  Horrible.  Absolutely horrible!  I probably should have taken them back and gotten my money refunded.  They were tough as nails.  Baby backs usually are the most tender ribs and they should fall off the bone rather easily.  Not these things.  I had to use my hyena jaws to try and get the meat off these things.  The membrane was tough, the meat didn't even taste good, they were curled up for some weird reason, and they seemed like they were baked instead of smoked/bbqd.  They were the worst ribs I have ever had in my 36 years on Earth.  Boiled ribs from the cafeteria in grade school were eons better than these things.  You couldn't pay me to try these again!Fatty Brisket-  Another disappointment.  Instead of slicing the brisket, they serve it all hacked up in chunks.  That in itself can be ok.  The fact that 1/2 of my 1/4lb was congealed fat globs is not ok.  I understand "fatty" and am down with some fat and it does make things delicious. I am not down with a whole pile of grease and chunks upon chunks of fat though.  I picked around it and ate most of it, but once again I was disappointed.  I would not get it again.  After having proper brisket 2 weeks ago, this stuff is just dog food compared to what brisket is supposed to be like.  I would never get brisket here again.1/2 Jalapeno Sausage-  Strike 3!  This sausage was presented nicely, split down the middle and you could see the chunks of jalapenos in it.  The taste of it was not good though.  It was lukewarm and kind of dry.  The casing was a bit too thick and chewy and the taste was just meh.  I wouldn't get one again.Pork Ribs-  The ONLY redeeming thing about this meal and the ONLY thing saving it from a 1 star review.  These pork ribs were actually fantastic!  They were smoked nice, meaty, tender and delicious.  I should have just ordered a pound of these things and it would have been a good meal.  I don't get how these things can be so great yet the other 3 meats I tried were absolutely horrible!  If I come back (99% sure I wont), I will only order the pork ribs.Service was fine.  The cashier was nice and friendly.  The food blew though AND it was expensive.  That is a deadly combo right there and a waste of almost $30 bucks.  I will go back to the Chandler one sometime in the future to see if they are still good.  If they are lacking too, Rudys is out of my rotation.  Much better BBQ out there in Phoenix.
4	Nice place. Outstanding foods. 4 because I had better BBQ in the past.  Will come back again for sure.
4	I really enjoyed the food and atmosphere of Rudy's.  There were 5 of us and we had half a chicken, brisket, pork ribs, pulled pork, corn and cole slaw. The meat was very moist and had a great smoky flavor. The food was very tasty and the sauce was delicious. A little bit of a spicy flavor but not overwhelming.  The line was long but moved very quickly.  We also enjoyed a bucket of beers. I liked the casual feel and the picnic tables. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because I would have liked to see a combo plate on the menu.
2	Saw the USA Today article on this chain and thought it would be worthwhile to check out.  First, this is a stand in a line to order place.  The line did move along rather well and we only were in line for 10 minutes on a Sunday at noon.  There were four of us and we had one 1/2 lb. rib order, two pulled pork sandwiches, a brisket sandwich, several coleslaws, four drinks, and a bag of chips.  FIFTY BUCKS!!!  Wow, I thought that was high for what is essentially a carry-out restaurant.  As for the food, if this is considered good Texas food no wonder those people are so angry!  My brisket was flavorless and so dry I had to douse the meat in their BBQ sauce to help it go down.  The sandwiches were served on grocery store hamburger buns that fell apart almost immediately.  The coleslaw was also dry and completely unseasoned.  The pulled pork was just a tad better but neither sandwich contained a hint of smoke flavor.  I get more smoke flavor out of my Weber grill.  Two levels of BBQ sauce are at the table.  The regular one is so-so.  The other is condescendingly labeled "Sissy Sauce."  Not everyone is in to spicy food and they should not be humiliated for different taste levels.  I understand the seating concept is supposed to be casual country.  But, it is so loud you can barely carry on a conversation with table mates.  I'd recommend visiting a place like Lulu's before you head here.
2	This place has been the talk of the town since it opened! Finally arrive to check it out with my son for lunch. I had the baby back ribs. They are served on a plastic tray from coco-cola on paper. I picked the first one up and bit into what I think is beef jerky. The amoke flavor is way to strong for me. The other pieces were like eating rubber. When you bit into it, it was like the snap you get from a braut then chew chew chew. My son had the pulled pork. He enjoyed it and said the meat was tender and moist. I may give it one more try with the wife since she has been wanting to come here.
5	Believe the hype--this place is awesome. The lean brisket is delicious and moist. The turkey is amazing, and the pulled pork is soooo good. As far as the sides go, well, they are just "OK."  But, who needs sides when you can go and fill up on delicious, smoky goodness AKA have a meat fest! I did like the creamed corn, but the beans were mediocre. I think every BBQ joint should have awesome beans, so that was a disappointment. The banana pudding is nice, too. Oh, and the breakfast tacos are HUGE and really yummy. The only complaint I have is the price, but honestly you get what you pay for, and at Rudy's you pay for some top quality stuff.
5	Food is amazing but the thing I love the most is their customer service. They go out of their way to give you the best experience possible. I even saw them tell an older couple to have a seat and they will take their order and bring it to them. This and the food quality will keep us loyal customers.
2	Very disappointed...heard lots of good things and always saw a long line.....food was just not that good in my opinion.  Did not live up to hype.
2	This seems to be a place you either love or really dislike. They were quite busy for a sunday night at 8pm so they do have some fans, however, this place is not for me.ProsTurkey was good with the bbq sauceBeef brisket was well cooked although to smokey almost a lighter fluid tasteCole slaw is simple fresh and tasty.ConsPork ribs were undercooked in my opinion.Sent them back.Jalepeno suasage was dry.The ordering and dining concept is terrible.There are no plates, you eat your meal on a less than paper thin piece of wax paper. So once the juice and grease from your food soaks into the paper...your food is essentially sitting in direct contact with the table. Seems unsanitary and Its a mess. Overpriced.
4	Great barbque and a very fun restaurant setup. Their catering is great as well. Good breakfast tacos.
2	Expensive, so red neck the meet is not god the ribs or no good coleslaw eww no espectacular i never ever i thinki not going to come back oh! Plus its flys everywhere is no let me eat  the most ugly experience i prefer drive a couple more miles and go to FAMOUS DAVES
5	This place is the bomb!  I've been going to Rudys since they were on the side of the freeway in San Antonio. You have to know Texas BBQ to appreciate real smoked flavor. It may be an acquired taste for some but it is the most superior BBQ in the valley, IMO. Thanks for coming to town.
2	I only had their ribs, beans, and potato salad - but I am not sure if I would go back to sample their other stuff.  The ribs were horrible - no taste what so ever.  The beans looks like soup until I dug my fork in them - and the potato salad tasted like it came out of a container from Fry's.  The place was clean, and employees were friendly but that isn't enough for me.
4	Try the moist brisket it's the BOMB. The burnt ends are full of smokiness, tender perfection. I have spent many years in Texas and the South East and this has been my favorite brisket. Rudy's is known all over for there creamed corn( Tasty). The pinto beans have that smoky goodness flavor too. Personally not a fan of the potato salad. It was pretty bland to me. Peach cobbler and banana pudding are always good for the dessert. Don't order the baby back ribs. They are tough with little meat and flavor. Instead ask for the pork ribs. The lines are long, but they move fast. Remember long lines means good food. Management is good too. If there is a problem just let them know and they will make it right. At least it's been that way for me...
4	This place is great. Clean with an open space atmosphere. The friendly staff will walk you through the process of ordering and give you free samples to try.The moist brisket was awesome. It's fatty meaty goodness didn't need sauce but i appreciate that its there. Will be back for sure!
1	Stopped by this morning to see what breakfast was like. Greeted and told about the breakfast tacos. Friendly staff, told them it was my first time there and they offered samples. The samples tasted fine, so I decided to purchase some breakfast tacos and take them home where my son and I could share them. Got some bbq sauce also. Cut each one in half in order to sample all three. Nothing special......until later in the day. Shortly after noon both I and my son experienced stomach and intestinal problems that persisted until late afternoon. Only thing it could have been is those dang breakfast tacos. My son said they tasted strange and he must have been right, maybe under cooked pork or somehow tainted, but no matter, there was something wrong. Not often do I give a place a second chance once they have made me sick, so I will pass on further trips to Rudys. To bad, I was looking for a good bbq place.
3	After living in the center of the bbq universe, this place offers a decent diversion, but is far from extraordinary.  Pretty high-priced, and the food is just ok.  I look forward to trying out some of the other bbq options the Valley has to offer.
5	Found Rudy's driving by, smelled soooo good from the parking lot! We've now come here on purpose, making a 40 minute drive to have the best BBQ around! It is served by weight, 1/2 lb is normal, for brisket, turkey, ribs and seating is very informal at picnic tables inside! The food is very good, prices seemed reasonable. Kid/family friendly. Give it a try, you won't be disappointed :+D
5	This place is great! I've never had BBQ served this way. By which I mean, sold by the pound, given to you on a piece of paper and family style seating. I'm also not a huge BBQ fan and I live in CA,  the largest melting pot of food along with the best fish taco nation ever so this is all foreign to me. While we have a ton of BBQ joints, it's never been my first choice. I was visiting AZ and went here with a girlfriend of mine who is from TX. While she had been to this chain in TX, she states it's just average...I thought it was amazing :)The concept and service was awesome. They let you sample everything and don't push you along like cattle. I ended up getting smoked turkey...holy cow it was good! As a side I got the three bean salad, I liked it, nothing special but three bean salad isn't really special. The condiment area had a ton of options too. I do wish they had more BBQ sauces (they only have two) but the ones they do have are good. The line was long but no biggie, it gave me time to build my beer bucket from the metal troughs full of bottled beer, soda and ice...loved this fun touch. Place is affordable too. I'll be back for sure :)
1	I was expecting something else. .. I feel like they serve the meat like if people were dogs. On a piece of paper.. really? !? Will never come here again.
4	Great for large families or groups. Very friendly and attentive staff. They really make it a fun experience. The line can just be very long at times.... It'd be 5 stars if they passed samples out while waiting.
3	This was my third visit to Rudy's and my second time actually eating there. The first time we went was shortly after it opened and there was literally a line out the door. We waited 45 minutes to get up to the counter. Crazy! The second time we tried to go, the line was just inside the door and we decided to go elsewhere. This time there was a shorter line, but I think we still waited at least 15 minutes or so. I ordered the jumbo smoked potato with pulled pork, butter, sour cream, and cheese. It was massive! I really shouldn't have eaten as much as I did because I had a tummy ache later. :( Their BBQ sauce is ok, but I prefer Bird Dog BBQ in Colorado Springs, or locally, Bobby Q. What I don't like about Rudy's is how you wait at the register for your food. It's really inefficient and creates a backlog. But their pulled pork isn't bad and the beans are very good.
4	I love the way Rudys is set up, the whole barn look and the line to get your food sort of reminds me of elementary school.  The food is great, you can taste the smokiness in the meat.  I usually get the brisket or prime rib, although I have tried the baby backs and jalapeno sausage which are amazing as well.  Great place to take the family, it can get a little pricey though.
5	Location & Aesthetics - Located in Goodyear on Litchfield Road and with brightly lit neon signs (at least that's what I thought it was) you definitely can't miss this place.  Parking is plentiful though it was a bit tough to find a spot when we went on a Friday night, thankfully there were a couple available spots.  Parking lot is large and well lit too.As we approached the front door/entrance we encountered a long line going out the door and wondered if we had to make reservations or what.  As we discussed whether to do take out, a friendly patron who overheard us told us to not question the long line and it was actually well worth to wait.  She even suggested we try the sliced turkey!Menu - The menu is very simple and is posted on large billboard like signs over the cashiers, on your way to the cashiers, and a copy is even handed to you as you enter.  Everything is served a la carte and the meats are served by the pound with their prices being very reasonable!Service - The staff was spectacularly nice, friendly, warm and welcoming.  As you enter, you're asked if you've ever been here before, and if not, a brief explanation of how their system of ordering and their menu works....wasn't difficult to comprehend. Food - On my way to the cashier's, one encounters a large trough filled with a variety of drinks, even alcohol all in ice-cold water with lots of ice.  If you desire, you can grab a small bucket and start filling it with various bottles of soda or alcohol to start consuming (which I saw) or wait till you get to the cashiers for checkout.  On your way to the cashiers, there's also a fridge that houses their signature potato salad, coleslaw, desserts, etc. to be grabbed if you want to add it to your meal.  I grabbed the potato salad which was rich, creamy, well seasoned, and very tasty.  As you get to the cashiers, you'll be greeted yet again, and asked if you've been here before.  If the answer is no, then you'll be given samples of any meat on the menu you'd like to try or you can simply refuse and go straight to the ordering if you so desire which I did and opted for the 1/2 lb. of baby back ribs.  Normally I'm not a fan of my baby back ribs falling off the bone so this suited me just fine.  It was semi-tender and you had to do a bit of work to get it off the bone which is the way I like it and it was very juicy, tasty, and supremely delicious.  My only regret was that I only ordered the 1/2 lb. rather than the whole but this gives me reason to return!  After the rest in my party had their samples and ordered, we ordered a small fountain drink (unlimited refills I believe).The layout of the place is unusual because obviously they've eliminated the waiter/waitress because you order your food and then you choose to eat though this takes place in a restaurant-styled atmosphere.  The tables are long picnic like tables so basically you choose anywhere you want to eat, sit and enjoy mind you the tables are together (though not all) so the potential to have others be sitting next to you is there.  On the tables, you can choose anyway you'd like to eat (be sure to clean up after yourself though) plus their sauces are never too far away on the table and there's plenty of it too....in large bottles so there's enough for everyone in your party!Definitely will be coming back here for more of their meats, e.g. sliced turkey, brisket, etc.
2	Did not like the BBQ sauce or their potato salad, don't know why it was so sweet! BBQ sauce was horrible, no real flavor! We had baby backs, nice they were cut but we're dry, dry dry! The cream corn was good and hubby liked the beans! If we go back will try something else, not crazy about how food is served or tables to eat at, if it was cheaper may put up with that but not at those prices!
1	The building looks nice from the outside, so I figured if they spent that much time making the building look good, the food must be outstanding. It isn't.I asked for a sample of the meat, and they brought me a sample of turkey and a sample of brisket. Neither of which I was considering ordering. So, I ordered the pulled pork, half a chicken and baby back ribs.Little did I know that they completely ruin these meats by over-seasoning them. For example, the pulled pork tasted like someone dumped a bottle of mustard in it. Turns out, that's pretty much how they make it. The baby back ribs had so much black pepper (and I really like black pepper) it was burning my mouth.Why would any 'chef' disguise the natural taste of smoked meats with seasoning? It completely ruins the flavor of the meat. Offer the sauces and pepper at the table and let the customer season it how they like. Don't force the customer to eat food seasoned the way YOU like it. Who does that? They take a perfectly good piece of meat and drown it in seasoning to the point where you can't taste anything but the seasoning? Seems like they are trying to cover something up. You know, in the old days they used a lot of salt, especially on spoiling meat (in the days before refrigeration). That's what this meat tasted like... like they had no refrigeration and needed to over-season it to cover the flavor. Why else would a chef do that?The employees were very friendly, but you do have to do everything yourself. There is no wait staff and they have one of those arrogant signs on the wall that says "Your mother doesn't work here. Please clean up after yourself!"That's all fine and good to tell an employee, but as a customer, that's just plan rude. Do you think that sign makes any difference? I always clean up after myself, sign or no sign. Others don't. Sign or no sign. They are basically saying you have to clear the table for their next customer. What's my incentive to do that?Here is a quick summary of the food and prices from our receipt:Small potato salad: $2.09Small cole slaw: $2.092 medium drinks ($1.79 each): $3.581/2 BBQ Chicken: $5.991/2 lb of BBQ pulled pork ($9.98 per pound): $5.191/2 lb of BBQ baby back ribs (4 ribs - $14.98 per pound)): $7.79Small cream corn (bland - no seasoning at all. Had to add salt): $2.39Small peach cobbler - $2.19Total: $31.31Tax: $3.22Grand total: $34.53There is no one to tip and no tip jar. So at least they aren't greedy. The country store looks like a poor mans version of Cracker Barrel. Not much in there. Not sure what anyone would possibly buy there that you can't get at World Market or other department stores that have a larger selection and cheaper prices.I really wanted to like this place, but they have given me little reason return. If I heard there was a BBQ chain worse than Famous Dave's, I wouldn't have believed it.  My stomach is severely upset (probably from the mustard sauce on the pulled pork. Mustard makes me nauseous and I had no idea anyone would even conceive of forcing the public to eat it without any warning that its not simply PULLED PORK. My guess is that my ribs and pulled pork were probably delicious before they ruined it with the seasonings.The chicken was good, but its hard to screw up chicken. Lucky for me the seasoning was only on the skin. The chicken still tasted like chicken underneath the skin.The dogs got the pulled pork. They seemed to enjoy it. Glad someone did.
4	This place sucked when it first opened. I think the smokers weren't seasoned yet. This place is a lot better today though. They have some pretty good breakfast tacos and their smoked food has gotten a lot better ( not as good as the ones in San Antonio)! The brisket is awesome and the turkey is pretty good too.I just wish the prices for what you get we're better. Their beers are way over priced too for this kind of establishment. Could be better but definitely not bad!
5	Love this place. Our friends have been telling us to go for months. Finally we get one on the west side  (we still drove here from glendale) So glad we made the trip.  I got the spicy BBQ as a sandwich and it was perfect. Gf got the turkey and it was amazing! Not dry at all. Their BBQ is on point for sure. I also got the peach cobbler and it was super good. I don't really even like peach cobbler that much but our friends were saying we had to get it and I'm glad we did. The staff was very nice and really friendly. Took their time and weren't annoyed with taking the time to explain everything to us. Jalepeno's were the perfect temp too. Awesome food, awesome staff = we'll be back!!!
5	So good! So good! So good! They staff is super duper friendly and they explain the menu and gove you samples so you get exactly what you want. The meat is to die for, perfectly smoked and not dry at all. Im not a huge BBQ fan in general but their Bar BQ sause is ON POINT!!! Nice open seating spaces perfect for two or large groups. Open early for breakfast (trying those next time) and the country store has everything else. I live in Glendale but its so worth the drive!!!
1	Had high hopes as I love good BBQ. But after three trips here, I won't be back. Feels like a cafeteria. Food not that good. Dry nearly flavorless meat. Over priced for what you get. Sauces average. Sides overpriced. Coleslaw way too dry. Noisy. Uncomfortable seating. I won't be back.
4	This place was good,  the taste of food was more 3 stars but the staff made it a 4. If this is your first time here I recommend eating here.  They explain to you the cuts of meat and let you sample before you purchase. The meat was good,   were always in search of good bbq (especially since javier isn't a bbq msster). The sides were nothing special,  however javier did like the green Chile. One thing we didn't like was you wait in line and order and there is no waiter, if you decide you want something else you have to go back in that long line.  Next time we will just take the meat to go and cook our own sides at home.
1	Worst bbq I've ever had. Food was cold Ribbs were tough will never go back. When  you spend that much money you want your food to be hot
4	Great experience, great food. Rolled into town later than the dinner hour and found this place, checked yelp reviews and decided to give it a try. So glad we did, the bbq and the sides were delicious, the dining experience fun for our whole family of 6! Everyone had something different and we were all pleased with the quality of the meats and the tasty sides ( hot and cold) We only had room for bites of desserts, table was divided over which was best-banana pudding and chocolate pudding. Bought some bbq sauce for xmas gift in the little general store, hope it makes it back to SF.
4	Great food, absolutely loved it. Restaurant has a great family atmosphere and is very clean. Will definitely be coming back.
4	Solid, solid, solid bbq.  I've eaten at Rudy's in Austin and Dallas.  While this location might not be quite as good as the others, it's still worth the drive and waiting in line.  I recommend the 1/2 lb wet brisket, new potatoes, corn, and a Shiner.  And a few napkins, and plenty of sauce
5	First time eating at Rudy's! Loved! CameWith my 2 boys & husband well having 3 males is always an A+ since they love to eat tasty food, we all picked baby back ribs, beef brisket and pulled pork I just got to say " Smokey Delicious" best bar-B-Q ever! Juicy, tender, smoked just perfect! The place is clean, the set up is Awesome! Love the ambiance.You got to try this place.
4	Man oh man oh man, that's all that needs to be said lol. I only had the breakfast not too fond of the samples of meat. They need to go to the south and learn a few things.
4	Great food, absolutely loved it. Restaurant has a great family atmosphere and is very clean. Will definitely be coming back.
3	Man oh man oh man, that's all that needs to be said lol. I only had the breakfast not too fond of the samples of meat. They need to go to the south and learn a few things.
5	I almost got in an accident when I saw this from the 10.  I have been a HUGE Rudys fan for years.  I don't live in AZ so when I saw this place we almost died trying to get off of the freeway for a taste of that extra moist brisket.The brisket if the best Ive ever had in my life.  True TX BBQ.  The smoked turkey is awesome.  The jalapeno sausage is our of this world.  My only problems is the location.  Rudy's can you open a spot 380 miles west in LA?  Thanks you !
4	Went in last night to try it out. The gentleman at the door was very friendly and helpful and explained how everything worked. When we got to the counter to order, they asked if we were first timers and brought out some samples. Ordered a couple different kinds of meat, some corn on the cob and a smoked potato with meat. The young lady working the counter was very nice and helped explain the menu further. Everything was pretty good and the seating was interesting with both large and small picnic-style tables. Definitely not the best BBQ I've ever had but it was good enough that I wouldn't mind going again.
4	Great bbq. Just opened so there might be a wait. Love the breakfast burritos available at 7am
4	Great cheap breakfast tacos. The brisket is delicious. Casual setting country atmosphere. Fast food and quality mixed.
4	Being from Kansas City, arguably the mecca for championship bbq, we came in with low expectations, but an open mind. We knew it would be "Texas Style BBQ," and we prepared ourselves for something different. With that said, we were fairly impressed! The customer service is great, first of all. They have a "greeter" that will orient you to the menu and make suggestions based on your tastes. The meats we tried/ordered, the lean brisket, moist brisket, sausage, turkey and pulled pork, all had a decent, slightly smokey, lightly flavored taste. The bark on the brisket, both varieties, was a very pleasant surprise! The sauce, or "sause," was okay. A bit too much celery seed and tang for me, personally.Overall, it was good enough to conquer a Kansas City girl's barbecue craving, and those are high marks!
3	This place is really good, but I recommend staying instead of taking your food to go. Portion sizes of meat differs on baked potato I guess because we saw a loaded potato that made us want to order one, so we did, they had to put everything on the side 'to go' and we feel they skimped out big time on the meat. (Looked nothing like the amount given on the order we had previously seen.) The meat, BBQ sauce, potato salad, coleslaw- all were really delicious but completely overpriced. Between the two of us, we spent over $30 (drink not included) for a lbs of meat and a loaded potato with the two small sides. The BBQ sauce was the best thing about this place. We may be back, but not any time soon.
4	On my monthly trip around the state of Arizona I tend to stay in Goodyear once a month.  I keep finding my way back to Rudy's.  They don't advertise gluten free but do have a lot of choices for any allergies.  Ask at the front desk they have a laminated allergy menu,  including dairy,  soy,  gluten and sulfites too.  Food is great.   I have tried the ribs,  sausages,  brisket,  potato salad and the cole slaw.  They have real food and always fill me up.  I have never been disappointed here.   I love the Chandler location too.   Will happily return.
1	Had high hopes as I love good BBQ. But after three trips here, I won't be back. Feels like a cafeteria. Food not that good. Dry nearly flavorless meat. Over priced for what you get. Sauces average. Sides overpriced. Coleslaw way too dry. Noisy. Uncomfortable seating. I won't be back.
4	I have a mixed review.  We waited in the very long line during their grand opening, and were disappointed in the taste and quality of the food.  My ribs had a fishy taste, and the brisket was dry.  Several months later, we gave them another shot.  We ordered baby back ribs, smoked pork loin, and the moist brisket.  All three were very tasty and moist.  The hotter BBQ sauce has a kick, but complemented all three meats very well.  We will definitely be back.  Oh, BTW, the creamed corn is fantastic.
1	Don't waste your time or money. If I wanted a cafeteria I'd get a school lunch. Golden coral better food and price.
4	Meats are good.  Best smoked turkey I've had in a while.  Sides are ok, they aren't fresh made
2	Tried Rudy's for the first time tonight. Food was good, not great, and we weren't impressed with the "share-a-table-with-your-neighor" atmosphere.  Eating with no plates was a bit odd as was the single slice of plain sandwich bread we received with all the meat we ordered. We aren't barbecue connesuers, though, so maybe this is normal? We'll definitely opt for other BBQ restaurants before returning here.
4	1st time visiting.  Delish.  Friendly.  Quick.  They let my husband and I sample prior to ordering.  Only downside was  no cornbread or biscuits.
