2	I am always excited to try new restaurants and thought I couldn't go wrong with the newest restaurant by Peter Kasperski (Cowboy Ciao, Sea Saw and Kazamierz).  Wow, was I wrong.  This new restaurant is described as "farm to table" Italian food.  I was thinking fresh comfort food w/ simple, but flavorful ingredients.  We started with what they describe as pizza on a pastry crust.  This sounds like a good concept, but they went wrong w/ the overpowering grilled veggies that masked the "house-pulled mozzarella" and flaky crust.  I had the duck as my main course and I wanted so much to like it.  It ended up being overcooked, too fatty and accompanied by very bland potato gratin and turnips.  For my main course, the pastry-pizza app, his chicken and dumplings (ya, don't ask how that one was either) and 2 drinks, we left Digetif about $80 lighter.  Worth it?...I think not.
4	Though the name is kind of funny I thought this place was good.  Something to try especially if you want to try something different.  So many things on the menu that I had to ask questions about and the waitress was very very knowledgeable about everything from the drinks, food and wine list.  The portions are not very big, but that lends itself to sharing:).  I cannot remember the exact name of what I had but it was from the bruchetta section... it notes that you need a fork and a knife with their bruchetta and they were right!  I picked the meatball one and it was so good... it had onions and a very good tomato based sauce with a little cheese I also had some of the digestif salad and that was very tasty.  My girlfriend friend had the bacon wrapped garlic and the digestif salad and she said that it was very good also.  The specialty drinks are kind of strange I had one that kind of reminded me of a mild mojito it was refreshing.  I would go back I would like to try some of the pasta dishes they looked really good.
3	Digestif... very pretty and well done inside.  The food was good.  They are supposed to be smaller portions, lending themselves to a lighter dinner, trying multiple things or sharing.  But i would say they are definitely more substantial smaller portions so girls, don't be afraid to take your boyfriends/husbands home hungry.  There were many ingredients on the menu i hadn't heard off, but the waitress was very informative.  I really like this place and would go back, but my only two complaints were that i wished there was a little more protein on them menu (in salads and apps, especially if you are not a big carb person) and the drinks are a little week.  A strong cocktail can always make this girl smile!!! But would definitely go back.
5	Digestif is the masterwork of Valley restaurateur Peter Kasperski (Cowboy Ciao, Kaz Bar), which he describes as farm-to-table rustic Napa-Italian with up-to-the-minute ingredients in a gorgeous brick basement setting.  The mood is casual, loud-ish, and jovial.  There is a wide age-range represented and there appeared to be celebrations from girls-night-out to date-night to family dinner.  The overhead speakers set the mood (particularly for me) with indie music and the servers rock tees from their favorite bands.  The service here is impeccable, as the waiters seem to share responsibilities of each table, led by a main server who takes your order and makes sure everything's tip-top.  Pretty cool concept, i think.My gf and I started with a bottle of the Chariot Sangiovese ($27), which was probably the second best bottle of wine I've ever had in a restaurant (behind the 2005 Escorihuela Gascon Malbec shared with Jason C and Graham C in a Buenos Aires steakhouse, but I digress).  This was a magical compliment to our starter of the meatball/parma/stewed onion Bruschettone ($9), which had such a surprisingly fantastic flavor, I actually smirked to myself in shock.Next came the mixed greens salad ($6), which was an average salad with a red-wine vinaigrette along with a bacon & pinto soup in beef stock with a garlic baguette soaking inside.  Blown.  The Fuck.  Away.  Its fairly hearty for a starter, but I couldn't stop scooping it up until the last slurp nonetheless.For our entrees, my GF order the seared sea scollops ($22), which came with 3 giant scallops with roasted and pureed cauliflower, pine nuts, raisins, and some other fancy things I didn't determine.  She indicated that she LOVED her dish, and this coming from a master-scallop-binger.  I tasted it ... twice it was so good ... and she was right.  The scallops were perfectly seared and very fresh.I had the penne pasta (made fresh daily) with lamb meatballs ($17).  Amazing dish, especially for a lamb partisan, like myself.  The portions were 'just right', so that we could sample quite a few things off their menu and not feel obscenely full.  Good thing, because that Olive Oil Cake was staring me right in the face, daring me.And yet again, ANOTHER amazing treat from pastry chef Tracy Dempsey (of Cowboy Ciao).  This was presented like a pound cake with a denser quality, warm berry black pepper sauce, roseberry sorbetto, and rose sabayon.  Now THAT put us over the top.  We were absolutely satiated at this point, so much so, we didn't even get a chance to try a digestif -- and they have quite an impressive selection, (even Gammel Dansk, which I hadn't seen in 12 years since I lived in Denmark -- I didn't even know they imported it in the US!)So, you would expect this dinner to come out to some outrageous sum, residing in its moddish space in the epicenter of high-crust Scottsdale society in the most posh development on a Saturday night at dinnertime, right?  Nope.  Total, including a bottle of wine, an appetizer, soup, salad, two entrees, and dessert was JUST slightly above a hundo.I will be HIGHLY recommending this place to friends and visitors, particularly because the night doesn't have to end once you leave this fantastic restaurant, as it is in the heart of the valley's most walkable entertainment district.
3	I bit contradictory if you ask me. I believe the concept is supposed to be fresh and trendy - both food and ambiance. The food did lived up to the expectation, but the environment did not. Even with the cheery, knowledgeable waitress, the perfect nicoise salad, the surprisingly fantastic French fries - I could just never be comfortable inside. It was dark, the seats and tables were chunky and over-sized and there was no cohesiveness to the rest of the decoration. I dwell on the atmosphere so much because usually my company and good food can drown out anything else, but not at Digestif. Go for a late-evening, gourmet snack, but be prepared to shell out a bit of dough to do so. Skip if you are looking for a nice night out.
2	I should have known that an Italian restaurant with a French name would be bad news.  Its just the start of the identity crisis going on.....I don't really get what they're trying to do here.  Are they aiming to be an upscale restaurant?  Because the servers in t-shirts and the stripper poles placed throughout the dining room don't really lend themselves to that.  (And yes, I said stripper poles..... metal poles placed in between two leather arm chairs....)  The menu suggests they are trying to go in the direction of casual upscale but the quality of food and service doesn't support that.  I asked our server for a suggestion for a light, dry, non mineral-y white wine.  I got a very oakey, buttery, heavy white.  Totally what I asked for, thanks.  Overall the wine list was unimpressive, however, I did like the fact that you can order a quartino.  I was underwhelmed by the service; our server would disappear for long stretches of time and served me the salad my friend ordered in addition to serving the wrong beers to the wrong people. He also seemed to be lacking knowledge on the food that we ordered, telling my husband that the soup had pancetta flavor, when it actually had pancetta in it.  Other members of my party had their flatware replaced after using their knife for bread and butter while I did not.  It was spotty service all around.  The quality of the food did not make up for the poor service.  Two people in our party ordered the scallops, a Bostonian and a New Orleanian who are used to great scallops.  We both agreed they were pretty awful - very much overcooked; very chewy.  Scallops should not be chewy, you should not have to work at eating them, they should just melt in your mouth.  Not to mention one of the scallops was a bit sandy and obviously had not been properly cleaned.  I know, I know, stupid me, I shouldn't order seafood in the desert.  Especially after eating amazing seafood for a week in NY.  The glace that they were served in had an extremely strong black licorice flavor.  I am not a fan of black licorice, in fact I know nobody that is.  The vegetables that accompanied the scallops were limp.  The aforementioned soup that my husband ordered did not have quite the right consistency due to the presence of the extremely hard pancetta which detracted from the texture of the beans.  His salad was ok; it did come with huge flakes of toasted garlic which fooled him as he thought they were almond flakes.  When asked if we would like dessert one my friends threw down an emphatic "No, just the check!" because the whole experience was just sub par and no dessert nor digestif could possibly save it.Just as a side note....I know that I'm a short girl but I hate it when I go to restaurants and sit on benches and my feet don't touch the ground.  It makes me feel stupid.  The food, the service, the atmosphere....whatever it is that they are aiming for just isn't working.
2	I don't get this place. Exposed brick, exposed HVAC pipes, servers in concert t-shirts, and stripper poles make me one confused girl on what the heck Digestif is going for and I am sure it wasn't because I had a few glasses of wine at Kaz beforehand.  Plus I understand it's a restaurant, but places with a single stall bathroom for each sex irk me.The food I tried was all completely underwhelming. I had the Sicilian caesar salad which was basically just watery lettuce. Although it looked like there was dressing on it, I couldn't taste any. Plus a good amount of the lettuce was brown. Needless to say I didn't eat the whole thing.  The chevre I ordered was delicious as it is really hard to screw up cheese, but I wish they gave you more than two little pieces of bread.  I tried Ashley A's pasta which was extremely salty, and I also tried Kristin S.'s scallops which were incrediby overcooked.  I shouldn't have to chew for like two minutes to eat scallops...they should just melt in your mouth.  My sauvignon blanc was just OK, nothing spectacular or worth raving over.Service was very spotty and by the time we were done eating, I was completely over Digestif. When the server asked about dessert, I practically screamed (just so he could hear me because it was very very loud in the restaurant), "No we'll just take the check!".  For the 8 of us, our bill was around $240 which did not include gratituity, which confused us. Most restaurants will automatically add tip for a group of our size but our server did not. The only bright spot in the evening was when Ashley A and I decided to take a picture with the stripper pole at the end of the night before we left!
4	I have not actually eaten here, but I have tried the Absinthe twice and I have sampled some of the late night offerings. So the Star factor could be more or less, but I bet more.On my first venture to this pretty new Old town Scottsdale (I sound Like a broken Record, I know) eatery, my friends and I are saying good-bye to Norma R. (Yes, that one).  She is flying the coop and off to bigger Mountains and greener pastures-really.  So there are six of us and it's about 11PM and as most everyone in this area knows there are very few places to hang out at in the middle of the week after 10pm that is not a bar.  Thank G-d for Digestif!  Not only were they extremely hospitable, but they also to actually appeared to be excited to see us.  From the host , to the bartenders to the fabulous manager, Pavle.  They were all genuinely eager to make us feel welcome.  I think that is a sad rarity these days.  Pavle and his team all made appearances at our table- but of course, we are THAT important!  No were not, so that was very special.  Pavle gave the full performance of the "Absinthe" story which was fascinating.  I was lucky to meet Pavle at Cowboy Ciao several years ago and he is one of those people that you could listen to for days.  We all sampled the formerly illegal concoction. It reminded me of when I have woken up to find a half full cocktail glass on my nightstand.  It's contents warm and watered down.  At first, I think-gross-then my inner alky says, "Drink it!  It's a sin to waste good watered down liquor." and I drink it- and do my best not to gag.  Really though, the absinthe is a licorice tasting green elixir.  I loved watching the iced water trickle out of the spigoted dispenser onto the sugar cube perched above the rocks glass containing the strange green liquid.  I think I finished off whatever the rest of my friends passed up.  We sampled the cheese plate and shared a few of the P.L.T.'s (Prosciutto, Lettuce and Tomato on an English muffin).  Very good, simply put.  Chef Payton Curry also came out to introduce himself to us and explain the idea behind the restaurant's theme.  Farm to table.  They are a Green restaurant and try to be earth conscious as well as provide tasty California-Italian fare.The servers all wear varied era concert T shirts.  There is Rock and Roll memorabilia throughout the place and the patio looks out onto the corner of 6th Avenue and Stetson.  It is different to be certain, and while I am not a fan of everything on the menu, I do appreciate the smaller portions and the excellent wine list.  Above all else the staff's genuine friendliness was what I liked most.  Fortunately the absinthe did not make me cut off my ear or think that lilies were caressing my legs when I went home.  I was satisfied and looking forward to returning.  And I did just for a quick hello to Pavle and a quick little absinthe fix-Maybe I do like old watered down cocktails--I recommend Digestif for everyone who has an open mind and who enjoy great service.  Next time I will try more of the food!
3	The atmosphere here was great.  I took a date here and the ambiance wasn't too overbearing or casual.  I thought the decor was alright.  It just seems like the run-of-the-mill modern eatery.  The food here was another matter.  I left very unimpressed.  We started out with the Bruschetta with bravata cheese and some julienned peppers.  That was a decent dish but I remembered having bravata somewhere else and it was much tastier.  Unfortunately I'll have to say that this was probably the best dish of the night.  For our entrees, I ordered the special with Wagyu beef and bowtie pasta with beets, green beans, and a wine reduction sauce and my date ordered some pasta dish with pancetta...maybe.  It was so uninsipiring that I didn't really bother to remember the names.  So on with the Wagyu beef and pasta...I thought Wagyu beef was supposed to be tender, juicy, and have a good natural flavor.  The beef in this dish was kinda tough.  The sauce was so-so.  Even though the portions are small, I didn't even finish it!  My dates entree was even worse.  The flavor was just so bland.  I had a bite and felt bad that I picked this place.  So then we thought dessert might pick up the slack.  Oh I guess we were wrong again.  We both love cheesecake so we decide to order the coffee chiffon cheesecake.  Except for the fact that it tasted nothing like cheesecake, it was alright.  Our waitress explained that it's kind of their take on tiramisu.  Hmm...ok.  But she was very nice and knew that we didn't like it.  She recommended the olive oil cake but we went with the panna cotta.  Maybe we should have listened to her.  The panna cotta was ok.  It was extremely flavorful.  Wasn't rich enough.  The vanilla flavors weren't coming through.Perhaps the saving grace for Digestif was their employees.  Our waitress was extremely nice and helpful.  The price came out a lot lower than I expected, but probably since my date didn't drink.  So instead of 2 stars, I gave them 3...for the ambiance and the service.
1	Upon first arrival the place was nice.  I liked the decor and it seemed like a great place to dine with some friends.  My first (and only) visit was on my birthday, and the service was less than desirable.  My duck was served extremely rare - to rare to be crispy as described, and my friends were not all that impressed with their food either.  Napa-Italian... there was nothing that remined me of the wonderful Napa valley here.  The cocktails were very weak, so we quickly switched to wine, which was nice.  I had a slight cough, and we were told - as we were handed the bill after our main course - that it was beginning to make the other patrons wonder if it was there food and they wanted us to leave.  No joke!  Asked to leave the restaurant on my birthday, without even getting dessert, over a cough!  Unfortunately service like that has lost my future business.
2	I really, really wanted to like this place.  As a HUGE fan of Cowboy Ciao I was really excited to try Digestif. For our first visit, we went around 5 o'clock for dinner with a group of 5 of us.  The place was empty when we got there.  Our reservation originally had been for 4 people, and when we asked for a table for 5 they seemed very confused as to how to make that happen (put two of the fifty empty tables together, perhaps?  Maybe a chair at the end of the table?)  It took the host and two staff members to figure out where to put us and a little snippy, "I'll see what we can do".  Not a big deal, but just a *little* pretentious.Anyway, I ordered the ravioli ($17) on that visit.  The description sounded excellent, but it was so over-soaked in butter you couldn't taste any of the other ingredients.  If my memory serves me, it was also one ravioli - for $17, albeit handmade, but still.  $17?  Really? We decided to give it another try today for lunch with a group of 6.  I ordered a sandwich with prosciutto and some other Italian meats ($15?).  Again, the description looked great, but the best part about the dish were the fries.  It was just kind of mediocre.  That seemed to the be the consensus from everyone else.  It was just... "ehh".If you have friends that are into Absinthe, this is the place to be.  Apart from that I think this will be my last visit.  I'll stick with the tried and true Cowboy Ciao across the street next time.
1	The place looks great and is in a great location so you are thinkin' you are in for an amazing meal.. nope. The service was spotty at best and the wine was good.. The food not so much.. We first started with the crab cakes, which was a special that night, those were good but difficult to eat.. Crab cakes are suppose to be soft but they should stick together.. these just fell apart to the point we started using a combo of spoon and fingers to finish them.. Next came out salads.. interesting. One of us got the caesar salad which were full leaves of romaine lettuce (three to be exact) that were soaked in dressing and water, more water then dressing. Another of us got the farm to table salad, a warm salad or bean, mushrooms etc.. that was actually good. Meal time, took forever to get our food.. and I was hugely disappointed in mine. I got the lamb pasta, excited for freshly made pasta and sauce.. The sauce was beyond salty, the supposed lamb meatballs were just ground up through out the sauce, couldn't taste it, and the pasta wasn't cooked all the way.. Also, I had assumed that since the dish was 17 dollars I would be getting more then I could eat.. Nope. It was served in a line, maybe longer then my hand, so maybe 15 pieces of pasta.. right. The people I went with had better luck with getting the fish.. they enjoyed it quite a bit.. one got duck, overcooked and chewy.. Bottom line, this restaurant is good if you want to spend a lot of money, Our tab was over 300 for five or us. If you like the idea of ordering a variety of meals that honestly don't connect well together and you like fish. Or you are willing to do what I did and hit up Slices pizza on Mill Ave on the way home so you don't go home hungry.. If you want to spend money on a good meal i would suggest Roy's or Arrivederci
2	We were very anxious to try a new Spaghetti Western Production but were suprised to find that the food fell short of our expectations. Pasta dishes definitely need work, al dente means to the bite, not to the crunch!  Bruchetta was tasty but forgettable.  My favorite choice was the Rabbit off the charcuterie menu, although I was looking for a lemon wedge or perhaps a citrus aioli (think crab cake accompaniments).  My husband's favorite dish was the grilled Caesar.  We were at fault for tolerating and not saying anything about the food.  The staff were so friendly and attentive that we didn't have the nerve to explain our experience with Peter Kasperski when he came into the restaurant a few times to check in with his staff.  Will be back in 6 months for another try.  The pretty Uglis, a delicious cocktail made with muddled basil and acqua di cedro uglifruit liquer,  were pretty amazing.   Love the edgy euro inspired interior!
4	Strange. I had two great experiences here. I think we were in the mood -- everybody wanted snacks and drinks rather than a full sit-down extravaganza. The burrata was delicious, as were the butternut squash ravioli and the fries. Drinks were interesting, although I'm not into the whole absinthe thing. The place is a really nice option for late night or small plates and drinks or whatever. I agree that it might not have a niche or a true identity yet.
3	Lesley wanted to go here on our anniversary, my response was, "Can't we go somewhere not in Scottsdale?!?" however, upon seeing the sad look upon her face and realizing that a satisfying end to my evening relied upon making her happy, I recanted.  I really wanted to dislike this place before even attending.  A pretentious name, smack dab in the middle of Scottsdale, not my scene.  Got there, drank a "Pretti Ugli" which is basically a mojito made with basil instead of mint and my opinion started to change.  Good music playing, not your usual Scottsdale poo danceclub fare but that fun indie hipster crap that I do so love. Moved onto the food which was yummy, but not spectacular, so I drank another "Pretti Ugli".  Damn, I do love that drink!  The decor feels like old school city, not new school Scottsdale which is cool with me.  I really feel that this place is in the wrong local, it belongs in downtown Phoenix, not the land of peroxide blonds with fake boobs.  In fact, I would give it another star in a different location.  I smiled and took it and it turned out to be a wonderful anniversary!  Gotta admit, I've been here a few times since!
5	We stopped by here for drinks one evening after pizza at Humble Pie.  Gary and I were entertaining a French guest.  It's pretty snazzy inside!  We only had drinks, but I'll definitely be back for dinner. We went specifically for absinthe.  Our awesome bartender, the bald guy from Seattle (I can't believe I forgot his name), gave us quite the informative lesson on the lovely absinthe.  Then, we learned more from the manager...It was the first time either of us had had it.  They have three kinds, that were equally amazing.  When they were having their second glass, I decided to have a drink called 'Hemingway's Muse', champagne and a shot of absinthe. It was heavenly.Gary and  I are now HUGE fans of absinthe.  We went out and bought a bottle the next day.  We've made all sorts of interesting concoctions with it, including an absinthe milkshake! ha!We made friends with everyone around us... and everyone was also drinking absinthe!!!  Go try it, and make sure to sign the book!
4	Great, unpretentious place with an interesting food and liquor concept. I had great service dining at the bar. One of two actually cool, cosmopolitain things I found in 5 days in the area. Food was a solid 8/10. Not crazy expensive either, good value.
4	The deco has a selectively modern but comfortably confused 60's beatnik feel which conveyed an overall cozy atmosphere with intelligently mixed and versatile seating that can accommodate small to large parties. The acoustics inside the restaurant are terrible, much akin to having a pair of highly sensitive hearing aids shoved into both ears and being forced to sit in front of speakers at a heavy metal concert. It would definitely be great place to take a date just not a first date where you have to actually act interested in what they are saying. Perhaps it wasn't the natural acoustics as much as it was the party of short bus corporate apes that we were sitting next to, it wasn't bad enough they had bull horns but someone kept feeding them booze. The menu is excellent most of the dishes are targeted to sail past the mundane competition but the serving sizes leave much to be desired. Quite simply I am a fat American bastard as such I expect a restaurant to roll out a veritable pig trough full of gourmet food, european/french serving sizes do nothing to win my favor especially when I am paying premium prices in Scottsdale for flat iron steaks and house salads. Dessert was the notable exception regarding serving size, my wife and I were quite pleased to not receive a smurf sized dessert portions. In fact two areas of exceptional excess were the dessert portion size and the bar, I am absolutely convinced that the bartender is attending some type of veterinary school because the drinks seemed to be potent enough to load into darts for taking down large land mammals. While your here go ahead and consider taking the bohemian dive and dance with the green fairy (aka try the absinthe), anything that was illegal for almost 80 years has to be worth a try, I'm sure that is what our grandchildren will be saying about marijuana when they legalize it 80 or so years from now. Overall, I was quite impressed with the menu selection, staff, bar, etc.
4	As the reviews run the gamut, I was prepared for anything.  It is Restaurant Week, so it was really busy, and the initial service did start off a little slow.  Our server, however, was apologetic and overall the service was above average.  I ordered beets & citrus, and it was delicious.  However, the portion size was fairly small.   Although I wanted scallops, I steered clear based on "overcooked" reviews.  For my entree, I had the raviolo-again, not a large portion, but very good.  The goat cheese and tomato filling melts in your mouth.  The outer edges of the raviolo were a little undercooked.  I like my pasta al dente but this was a little tougher.  Dessert was the lemon mascarpone cheesecake with honey and candied pistachios.  Although I didn't detect much of a lemon flavor, it was GOOOOD.  And the best part, served with a side of strawberry/rhubarb compote topped with a scoop of gelato.  Score!  Like two desserts for the price of--well almost two desserts at $9.00.The only thing that was not so enjoyable was the sound level.  It was as loud as a college bar, seriously.  I had to almost yell to carry on a conversation.  Poor planning in the design phase in my opinion.  The food was good enough that I will definitely return if I can find out when their slow times are.  The noise level was too much otherwise.
3	Rounding up from 2.5. Cool layout and setting, attentive but inexperienced staff. Fun, novel ideas with the drinks. But the food was really nowhere near as good as you would expect. You can cook better at home, but you just won't call everything by fancy names. It's great to offer handmade pasta, and not to overcook it, but i'm convinced my raviolis never saw boiling water.Bottom line: they're trying way too hard before the kitchen is comfortable with the basics. Either that, or the place is wildly inconsistent and we've caught it on off times. Will definitely give them a few months and go back to update, if they make it.
4	Nice atmosphere, really nice staff, and good food...  I was with a friend of mine who is in-lawed to one of the chefs here, so we were able to sample quite a few dishes. Most of it was delicious... they really like pork and salt and sauce. That's kinda my impression of the food. Salty, porky, saucy. The menu kinda turned me off - both in terms of prices and fancy-pants-ness. The food tasted a lot better than it sounded (to me) though, and that's all that counts. This really isn't my kind of place, but I can see the appeal. It's nice. I had an absinthe and with all the fancy prep, it didn't really taste all that fancy. It tasted like it does any place else. Drinks are really pricey here. I guess if you're eating here, you don't really give a shit about money though.
5	I don't know what I was thinking... this place is awesome.
4	After reading the lackluster reviews of Digestif, I didn't even want to come here. But my husband made reservations a few days ago, and I went along with it.I'm  really glad I did. First of all, I thought the atmosphere was great. To be fair, we were here on a weeknight and the weather was lovely, so we got to sit outside. But the noise level was just fine, the service was very professional and quick (but not TOO quick) and our food was good.I ordered the beet and citrus salad (which was very good, except for the parsley, which seemed to overwhelm the entire dish) and the ravioli of goat cheese, tomato and sweet corn. It was very tasty, though I did think the presentation, which had it sitting in some sort of oily broth, was a little off-putting. My husband had the daily terrine and pan-seared duck breast, which he said was amazing.Our server saw I couldn't decide on wine, so he recommended the Novy nebbiolo, which was really great - one of the best wines I've ordered at a restaurant lately, and affordable, too.What I really think this place has going for it, however, is -- well, perhaps obviously -- the digestif menu. There's such a wide selection, and it's really unique to the restaurant. My husband and I shared a Green Chartreuse and WOW.It's a four star, not five star, experience, however, because the food, unlike the Digestif, did not completely "wow" me. But I do think this is a great, fun place to come for dinner, with good food and great drinks.
5	I have only been here a couple of times but Peter Kasperski has done it again. I always sit at the bar because the first time I went there was late night after I got out of school and the bartender was so friendly and knowledgeable that I continue to sit there. Creature of habit, I am. I have had their BLT several times now because it is really yummy and I'll be honest, I am a pick eater and it is one of the few items on the menu that I won't have to modify at all. My friends, however, are not so picky, and have tried pretty much everything else they have to offer and loved all of it. I also have to mention that they have a great wine selection (of course, if you know Cowboy Ciao or Kaz, which are owned by the same guy) and their cocktails are good, too. Mostly the reason I am reviewing this place, though, is because I truly adored our bartender. I cannot remember her name but she was just awesome. She chatted with my friend and I for a great deal of time this last time I was there and we talked about food, wine, etc. I work in the industry and I love to meet others who do too and she was just great. She knew so much about food and wine and I just appreciated her insight. I cannot wait for Mexican Standoff to open, it is the next restaurant that Peter is opening and from the sounds of it, I will love it.
1	was supposed to be best new rest. in town???  waitress raved about the toro (fatty tuna sashimi) and how good it was. Ive had the real thing in japan and this was not even close. It was extremely fishy and didnt even appear to be toro.  It could have been regular maguro for all i know.  the crabonara (crab pasta) was also fishy.  Notice a theme?  cheese and meat appertizer was ok but i could make same thing for half the price at home. disappointed beyond belief
5	The service was spot on. Josh and the crew rocked. GREAT RECOMMENDATIONS!!!   My date for the evening turned out to be a vegetarian so the server/chef/restaurant created multiple courses that we could share.  I'm a total foodie, so when my friends and co-workers told me about Peters new place I had wanted to go.  This only grew upon hearing other restaurant servers, whose palates I trust, rave about Digestif. So, here I am... walking through the door.... (you always know a great spot by whom you see there) and right off I recognize Terry Ellisor (Zinc Bistro, Merc Bar and The Mission) having just finished diner with Brian Raab (The Mission).  A moment later, our server for this evenings culinary experience, Josh arrives. Josh and I had worked together at T-Cooks at The Royal Palms a few years back. Josh really knows his stuff... and his passion showed. His resume sounded like he had graced the floors of a few fine establishments since we last crossed paths.  Another individual whom I have great respect for in the industry turned out to be one of Digestif's managers who was off that night, Luis. It is the great people and the great visionary CHEF that make a spot like this so wonderful.  As I said earlier, when great industry people decide to come work with you and other Tops in the industry decide to dine there and enjoy it enough to enthusiastically tell others about it, Then You Have A Winner!!!!!Hope you enjoy your dining experience as much as I did.Sean P Kelly(Mastro's, Zinc Bistro, T-Cook's, Michael's At The Citadel, Ajax Tavern (Aspen), (Nobu) Matsuhisa (Aspen), David Paul's Lahaina Grill (Maui), Longhi's (Maui)... There's 16 years of Industry and Passion for FOOD for you.
5	Pinch me! I must be dreaming! No I take it back, don't pinch me let me enjoy the main course forever. That's what I was thinking after a few bites into the stack of perfection that Digestif's Chef Payton Curry crafted for the New Years Eve night's special. Words will not describe what I experienced New Years Eve night at Digestif. This was my first time and I can't wait until the next. From the beginning I couldn't have been more impressed. The host greeted us with a warm welcome and promptly seated us in a cozy section that overlooked the trendy bar and the busy pass. We started off the night with a country pate that was made on-premise with seasonal ingredients. The texture and the beautiful arrangement of gherkins, caper berries, stone ground mustard, finishing salt, pickled veggies, and bruschetta made up for the lack of flavor in the pate. It gets better. Chef Curry created and executed the best main course ever imagined. I have about ten things on my "last supper" list and his New Years Eve special included two of them. The bottom of the plate was painted with a grape gastrique that was hidden beneath a bed of creamy risotto that served as a pedestal for 3 oz's of rich and juicy pork belly that was slightly crisp on top. Resting peacefully atop was the most satisfying melt in your mouth 3 oz's of foie gras. To complete the dish he dusted the top of the foie gras with black truffle shavings and a pinch of finishing salt.  Nestled around the stack of perfection were a couple of slightly sweet and dark figs that went off in your mouth like fireworks every time you chewed down on them.The waitress must have noticed the glazed over look and smile on my face because she rhetorically asked, "so, how is it?" I told her that I couldn't have been better and that the dish's texture and flavor combinations were perfect.Minutes later, right before dessert, the chef came out-warm cookies and milk in hand-and told us that it was late the night before when the thought of the combination came to him and that he was excited to put it on the menu.  The service, the ambience, the company I was with, the main course, and talking with Chef Curry made this the best dinner experience for me in 2008.   And I forgot to mention that this was also the first time that I was chased down by a hostess. About 10' outside the door I hear a, "hey, hey, I forgot to give these to you, lemon/absinthe & chestnut/cognac truffles. Happy New Year!" Can you believe it? I must be dreaming.
2	I was not so impressed with this restaurant.  Went with 3 friends that night after NYE and was expecting much better. I think it's supposed to be higher end American cuisine.  My first problem is that they wouldn't serve me alcohol.  YES, my ID and debit card did get stolen the other night, yet I had a copy of my passport with me which you could clearly see my birthdate.  The rest of the table ordered a bottle of wine and one of my friends ordered straight citron on the rocks, so I was able to have that :) HAHAHA, we fooled you.The food was so so.  I highly recommend the olives as an app - they were delightful and seasoned perfectly.  I started with the beef barley soup which was great.  Another person at the table ordered the caesar salad which looked delicious.  It even came with capers and had a ton of parmesan cheese on it.  For the entree, I went with the duck.  Eh, not so tender and a bit over cooked.  It also came with 2 different types of beets and i HATE beets. Maybe I should have read the menu better...All in all, this place was OK, but I would've preferred to try the sushi restaurant across the way, which was closed :(
4	I'm basing this review of my visit on a first impression. Sometimes a first impression is all it takes. I met my friend Heather C for lunch at Digestif. We walked in and were greeted by a friendly hostess. Our server was at our table as soon as we were seated. He overheard me admiring their absinthe fountains and he ran to get me information on where to buy one just like theirs. I thought it was very nice of him. He then ran through their specials of the day. I nearly fainted when he stated that they had a foie gras burger topped with arugula to offer for lunch. I am A LOVER of foie gras. I immediately ordered it but asked for no arugula. The waiter stated that the chef offers baby spinach instead. Perfect. After a bit of wait, our food was served. Ah... what can I say my fellow foodies? The food was beautiful! I had to take several pictures of it for my food porn collection (see pic). I did away with the bun and ate the meat and the french fries. It was fabulous. The burger was a ground up flat iron steak and the foie gras was served on top of it with the baby spinach finishing off the creation. Fantastic, well cooked, and full of flavor. If this is any indication of the quality of the food at Digestif, I will certainly become a devoted fan. It will be interesting to see if my next visit will be just as good if not better...we shall see!
1	So disappointing! Went to the tasting menu they had back around x-mas and it was bad! The chef started the meal announcing to everyone that they had changed the menu three times before preparing it for that night, believe me it showed! It just seemed so amateur and thrown together at the last minute.  Could've been so much better.  I had been in before and had some of their regular menu items, this just really assured that I will not be back.
3	I was not too excited to dine here.  It looked to be a typical, over-priced, trendy, "Scottsdaley" restaurant that would no doubt be out of business in 6 months.The outside and inside decor of this place is definitely cool, but not over the top.  The host was very friendly and our table for 10 was ready well before our arrival.  Getting a table for 10 on a busy Saturday night is not easy, but thankfully they were able to accommodate.I arrived well before our reservation time to sit at the bar and have a drink.  Their drink menu is very unique, but I kept it simple and ordered a plain absinthe.  They serve it the way it should be and it was very good (and strong!).  The bar tender was very nice and knowledgeable.  He gave some good insight on the bar, the drinks, and the absinthe.  My fiance ordered the Digestif signature drink.  It was strong as heck and honestly not very good, so they poured it out and made her another concoction that was much better.When the rest of my party arrived we took our seats.  The service was friendly but was a bit slow probably because they were busy.  To start I had the Ceasar salad.  It was very good and more than enough to share with another person.  However, it was very salty/fishy because of the sardines.  I enjoyed it, but if you are not a sardine fan do not get this salad.  We also shared a crostata.  I guess it is sort of a little pizza.  It was interesting but I wouldn't order it again.  For an entree I ordered the chicken and it was very tasty and a decent portion size.  I had originally wanted to try the duck but it turns out the menu I saw on their website wasn't updated in a while.  Our waitress went to the kitchen to check if they had any left, but they didn't.  It was nice that she checked though.  I sampled a few of the other dishes my party ordered and everything was very good.  The pasta dishes were especially good but the portion size of the dishes were tiny.  For dessert we shared the brownie and it was excellent!  I would definitely get it again to share because it is too big and too rich to eat alone.In my opinion this place tries to be fancier than it should be.  Though the food is good, they charge a bit too much for what you get.  I can't say that I would rush back to this place, but the service is friendly and the drinks and food are good.
5	I'm way overdue on writing a review for Digestif so I must post something. I've been putting it off to do it justice with specific references to dishes but need to just post.Suffice to say that Digestif is one of my favorite restaurants anywhere & I'm calling it now that it's just a matter of time before Payton Curry has a  Beard award. May be an early call but I'm sticking by it & check back with me in a couple years.We've always been are big fans of the Kasperski restaurants (Sea Saw, Ciao, Kaz) so have been going to Digestif ever since it opened. I liked the food right away & have always been a fan.  I also think they have great, interesting drinks which is a bonus.Toward the end of December we had a meal there that caused a major paradigm shift though. While we were fans of Digestif, I'd always thought of it as a bit of a "scene" place. Anyway, we'd done our company Christmas lunch there & had a bunch of great drinks so the Mrs. & I decided that for our anniversary we were going to go have a couple drinks, some apps & then hit a movie.Well we did have some apps & some drinks & they were wonderful - so much so that we decided to head back after the movie for more. At t his point, I think the killer drinks might have been the initial draw. We loved the fennel & beer pork sausage, the Segwey martini & the Chartreuses.When we got back, the bartender we were sitting with had cashed out so we were sat with Joshua. Turned out to be amazingly lucky. Joshua is a food psycho (in the best way). Former cook/chef at crazy name places across the country. Well, we pretty much put ourselves in his hands & had a mind blowing meal. Made me feel terrible for ever thinking of Digestif as a "scene" place & elevated it instantly up to the level of my very favorite restaurants in the state.Some of the highlights of that meal were unbelievable foie gras. I mean La Belle Farms foie is always wonderful so how could it really stand out, right? It just did. The preparation was amazing. Rabbit confit & persimmon - absolutely love this dish. I've not been able to go back since & not order this. Pate was amazing. I'm pretty much just completely blown away with Digestif's charceuterie. Can't get enough of it. The burrata brushettone was amazing as well. The deserts (we already love Tracy Dempsey from Sea Saw & other) were also amazing, that night specifically the butternut squash & ricotta fritters. So good. We also did a bunch more cocktails (absinthe, chartreuses, gin sling, negroni) that were fun & wonderful.Since then, we've been back and had matching experiences. Other standouts for us are the carrot fettucini w/lamb, Niman Ranch pork chop and the brownie & chocolate malted semifreddo - looks like just a brownie sundae but oh no...I also love, love, love the fact that Payton Curry, Tracy Dempsey, Pavle Milic & a bunch of the other Digestif staff are at OTFM (Old Town Farmer's Market) weekly. So cool to be able to talk & interact with them, eat their food in an uber casual way & get tips. Helps unbelievably that they are ridiculously nice & personable.Huge, huge fan.
2	Grab your ankles.......too expensive for what you get!!!The food tasted great.......we split some dishes.....pork chops.....and mostly pasta.  The food was good quality....but pasta was running $20+ dish.  That's just too expensive for the small portion
5	Chef Payton Curry went "whole hog" on Friday night with a supplemental menu of porky goodness. It was our second visit to Digestif and it was just as good - and fun - as the first.  Upon arrival, we were greeted by Pavle, the smiling host, and the ever-organized and competent Mari from Spaghetti Western. Although the place was quite full, we were given the choice of inside or outside seating. They were filming a segment for a reality show called "Back of the House" so we asked to be seated inside to catch the action. Payton seemed cool as a cucumber, playing to a full house and a film crew. We sat near the mozzarella bar/pizza hearth and soon felt the Digestif Friday night buzz.Not wanting the vibe to get ahead of me, I started my own buzz. I am thrilled with Digestif's eclectic mixology menu full of herbal concoctions, digestifs and absinthe selections (served with an absinthe fountain). I ordered the Pretty Ugli, made with muddled basil and uglifruit liqueur. After one sip, though I loved the basil, the drink was a too sweet for my taste. Our gracious server Amy let me segway to the Segway, a mix of Square One organic cucumber vodka, Hendrick's cucumber and rose petal-infused gin and Lillet, served like a straight-up martini. I loved, loved, loved it. Todd had his fail-safe Mandarin Absolut on the rocks.With our drinks we enjoyed a plate of freshly pulled mozzarella sprinkled with crunchy, chewy bits of sorrel, pork jowl confit and local dates. We also got a perfectly toasted roll, right from the hot hearth - temperature 600+ degrees. Why can't I make toast at home like this? I can't stop thinking about how to get this oven into my house...Then we had the Digestif salad with Maya's arugula, candied hazelnuts, cipollini, blue cheese and balsamic marinated figs. These are a few of my fav-a-rit things.We decided to split the $32 entree - the pork duo - a plate of prosciutto-wrapped chop & loin, braised mustard greens, haricots verts and heirloom carrots. Digestif is know for their freshly-butchered meats and super fresh veggies. They did not disappoint. Ten minutes later I had the bone in both hands and I'm going to town on the last remaining shreds of pig. Luckily our new best friends at the next table were also gnawing on their bones, and we were all talking with our mouths full.Continuing the buzz, we couldn't agree on a bottle of wine so we went with with singles. I especially enjoyed the selection of Santa Ynez wines (we love Sanford).  I had a Pinot Grigio and Todd went with a Pinot Noir.Piggies that we are, we couldn't leave well enough alone and topped off the night with the chunky brownie and chocolate malted semifriddo (semifreddo means 'half frozen', kindof like a gelato) complete with a toasted fresh s'morlicious house-made marshmallow on the side. It was ridiculously good.It's not a meal we'll soon forget, and we'll have to go back about a hundred more times to sample everything on the various and ever-changing menus. Chef Payton seems to have a great pig...er, gig going and we're impressed with his adventurous spirit and love for good food.  I also like that he's not totally full of himself like some chefs we've met.  I agree that it's only a matter of time before he has a Beard award.
2	OK, next time I'm just trying the drinks.I didn't come here to drink, I came here for a nice date on a Friday night.  First off, I don't think you should introduce the night's specials by coming to the table 15 minutes after we have been seated and say "have you guys seen this?"  Oh, guess those are the specials.  Then we had to ask what the fish of the day was.  Needless to say, the service failed the place before anything was consumed.The options on the menu were interesting and unique for the area, but 3 out of 4 dished were way too salty.  I generally like salt, but it shouldn't be the dominate taste of any dish.  The Farm to Table and Whole Fish were both extremely salty.  In a way, it was consistent with establishments like Cowboy Ciao -- meaning, the chef wasn't letting the food do the talking and was being heavy handed in the preparation.Unfortunately the service never improved.  At no point were we asked if we wanted another glass of wine and at the completion of our main entrees the dessert menu was "dropped off" without much thought.I guess if you're popular in Scottsdale you don't need to try...let them come to you...oh yes, and the filming of the TV show really didn't enhance the ambiance.
4	I was a little skeptical, at first blush.  The place looked a bit sterile - and after my recent outing to True Food, I groaned inwardly.  I like shi-shi places, but I also want good food.  I think I have to get out more because the menu was difficult for me to understand.  Fortunately, I had my son with me and he was able to interpret.  Oh, and kudos to our server, Amy.  She provided very good descriptions of the foods.  I finally decided on the Poulet Rouge. Oh, and we had some awesome appetizers - pancetta, and some brie-like cheese and some little green stuff and bread - and some fuit cake like thing - it was all VERY good.  The chicken was amazing.  I thought I had finally landed in Heaven.  Tender and crisp and so very flavorful!  After True Food - I was transported.  I know this is an unfair comparison - kind of like comparing WeightWatchers to Paula Dean -there is a lot to be said for fat.  Yum!  I am a fan of smaller portions.  I have been fighting my weight forever, and now that it is finally down, I want to keep it there.  I never go to Claim Jumpers.  My chicken dish was huge though!  I had the brownie for dessert and I should have passed.  I was way to full to enjoy it.  We should have shared.  We had wine, sparkling water and digestifs.  Walked out for 131.00 for two before tax.  Not an every month even, but will definetly return.
5	Oh... my... lord. Went to Savor Scottsdale's Notorious P.I.G. event at Digestif and can't even put into words how great everything was. All the credit does not go to Payton Curry, as each course was from a different chef and a different part of the same pig, but WOW. Chef Curry was certainly the entertainment for the evening, with personality that just doesn't quit. And having him gush to our table about his Easter Sunday menu, beginning with carrot soup, ending with carrot cake, and everything rabbit in the middle, I will certainly be visiting Digestif more often. We've also seen him at the farmer's market, picking out the freshest produce he can find... it's not just a schpeel, this guy is serious about utilizing local ingredients.Anyway, back to the pig. Every course was made to perfection, half of which I had never heard of before... and paired perfectly by Todd Bostock with Dos Cabezas wines. I could go on for pages, but suffice it to say that you all should support your local chefs and watch out for more great events from Savor Scottsdale, a non-profit organization working to put Scottsdale on the map as a culinary destination.Props to Chef James Porter of Tapino, Chef Aaron May of Sol y Sombra, Chef Brandon Crouser of Atlas Bistro, and Chef Tracy Dempsey of Cowboy Ciao, et al. They can whip up the most amazing dishes from the most obscure ingredients. Did I mention the trotter salad or bacon ice cream?http://thedish.freedomblogging.com/2009/04/27/photos-notorious-pig-dinner-at-digestif/6939/
5	This is my new new restaurant to stalk.After being seated in a comfy 'lil booth, we were greated by our beatnik waiter Eric; a pretty cool cat.  He was astonished we'd never been to HIS restaurant and was very very interested in sharing his love and lore of it with us.   I was a bit put off at first cause i thought he was being a knob, but soon realized he wasn't there to fuck around.   The terms "fresh" and "farm to plate" have been etch into my brain thanks  to this tattoo'd hipster food slinger.   To continue, my girlfriend and I went on a Wednesday night and were delighted to be in a chow casa that was wasn't leaking people back onto the sidewalks.  Eric insisted we try "farm to table"  an appetizer that includes mushrooms, asparagus and a fried egg all ontop a piece of  brioche to start.  I was waaaaaay skeptical about eating something like that, but as soon as that bad mamba jamba hit the table my girlfriend and I ravenously devoured it.  It was so fresh and it tasted good! I know that's a pretty vauge way to say it rock'd my pants off, but I just had NO complaints!  I'd eat a "farm to table" everyday if I could.  Oh, and the asparagus made my pee smell funny, free of charge! :DOur entree's were no less impressive, with my lady having the fettucini with brased pork and I having the cannelloni with crispy pork belly.  The fettucini was green!  It was soo god damn delish too! I liked the pork in the dish, but I could not get over the flavor of the pasta! Muah! Muah! (Itallian finger puppet kissing)  The pork belly... I mean c'mon!... was crispy and as I delved into it's layers was salty and tender, and finally rich and fatty... oh god, I feel like I need to go to confession.  And I'm an atheist.  Jesus Christ. Ok, at this point the server was like "yeah bitch, I told you" and I was like "yeah I am your bitch, feed me your awesome 'effing food"    It was ridiculous how good everything was, specifically how F R E S H everything was.  I don't really eat veggies as a rule, I like them, but I don't normally chow on them.  At Digestif, I could have eaten ONLY veggies.   I didn't get to sample the dessert menu, or try any of their wines, but i know that i will be back.
4	I got a kick out of reading the other reviewers, commenting on the enthusiasm and passion of the 'wait staff'.  I went two nights in a row (having been impressed the first night, and wanting to sit outdoors on a hot evening the second night) and I too was struck (and annoyed at first) by the waiter.  Telling him I was from the Bay Area silenced him a bit (he seemed to realize we have good grub there too!) but he was foaming at the mouth talking about the menu items. Anyway - everything WAS fabulous, I have to admit.  And I'm a picky SOB.  The tastes were really something.  Why only 4 stars - because - like way too many high-end/fancy places - they don't sell 'simple beer'.  I'm all for places carrying 'interesting' beer selections, I really am ... but ... I want my beer to be cold and refreshing, not super tasty. So I want either a Corona, a Heineken, or something similar.  In desperation, I followed the recommendation of the waiter and had some Belgian extravagance, which turned out to be 8% alcohol and gave me a lousy hangover the next day ... so please, please, please folks - get off the beer-snob bandwagon and sell Corona / Heineken!
1	Ouch & GROSS!  Expensive and Disgusting!!  "Cal-Ital" food...How stupid.Honestly, I ordered the number one listed and recommended item on the menu seafood carbonara pasta dish, and it was absolutely tasteless.  It tasted like wallpaper paste!  It was surprisingly awful, since it is owned by Cowboy Ciao across the street, which is very good.For good carbonara, go to Uncle Sal's - formerly mafia owned by Sammy "The Bull" Gravano.  I choose good food over decore anytime!
5	I'm not sure yet if digestif is great, but it is seriously good.  From start to finish we were pleasantly suprised and the waiter did a great job making suggestions starting with cocktails.  I can't remeber the exact name, but the Nob Hill cocktail was a winner with my date.  She flipped for it and I was wise enough to write down its ingredients.The house salad was good, the entrees- especially the scallops were fantastic and the dessert (choclate brownie something) was a lump of gooey choco deliciousness.Take a date there, apologize to your wife there, impress your snobby foodie friend there- just go.
4	Anyone who loves pork products like the chef here is A-OK with me,  Took some out of towners and sat outside on the patio.  It was 100 degrees but the sun was down and the misters from Metro brasserie cooled things down nicely.  First of all some seriously stiff drink worth every penny.  My buddy got a gin and tonic and they served a mini gin bottle and tonic separate so you can mix it any strength you want.  Genius!The food was dynamite and requires an adventurous palate.  The wine list is crazy long and has some very cheap bottles on it.Overall a fun night with friends at a very nice restaurant!
4	Been going into this place since it's beginnings, always a treat.  I did have an issue with the speed of a bartender one night, but that's another story and will not affect the way I feel about this place.  Tuesday afternoon, Payton unveiled his new menu and invited me and a few others to join the staff to sample the new menu items.  in a word - Awesome!  We tasted all kinds of things and i have to say, there was nothing that I wouldn't order next time I go for dinner.  CROSTATA (their version of "pizza"), BRUSCHETTONE (knife & fork bruschetta), warm, fresh-pulled mozzarella, all good, but the lamb chops were kick-ass!  Just go, it's a good place just to hang and chill.  Ask for a "Tim's cup" when you go ... you'll like it!  :)
4	We liked Digestif a lot. First, we didn't need a reservation - cool. We had no idea what we wanted & just sort of wound up there after many months of curiosity.Second, we were seated by a window & people watching was fun. Awkward couple on first date, she was SO not into him. Young tattooed chic dating man old enough to be her father - I kept missing the PDA's hubby witnessed. Third, our waiter. I can't remember his name because I forget names...but the guy knew his stuff. He told us about the Chef's menu that was basically a variety of foods he scored at the Old Town Farmers Market...very cool.Dinner was informative, detailed, yummy - we loved every second of it & plan to go back. At the end our dessert came with a dessert wine - one of us doesn't drink & the other already had two so a third.....not really wanted.  An inquiry would have been appreciated.Highly recommend this place - go see for yourself!
4	I was recommended to Digestif by a friend and former employee of the place. I definitely appreciate the servers casual dress code, but upscale service. I started the evening with the country pate. Four slices of buttery, sweet duck pate, accompanied with pickled vegetables, cornichons and caper berries. We had lardo wrapped peaches and chilled melon soup next. The peaches were tasty with the Saba on it. Could of used more lardo, but hey! Couldn't everything. The melon from the soup was procured from the farmer's market in Old Town. Every Saturday night, Chef Payton puts together his Farmer's Market menu. For entrees we had seared scallops with chorizo and corn and the parpadelle with house sausage and blistered tomatoes. The scallop dish was a home run. Everything delicious. The parpadelle was a good, minimalist dish. Only real complaint was the weak and lacking desserts. Ever since Ms. Dempsey quit being the companies pastry chef, Chef Payton took over. The desserts are not very imaginative, but were tasty for what they were.
4	Loved the casual dress code on the waitstaff.  Comfortable staff makes for happier staff makes for better service is what i'm saying because the quality of service was right on.The decor was pleasant.  Dim, tea lights, and track lighting that seemed to be spotlighting the dishes as they landed in front of me.  An extensive wine list that was admittedly a bit overwhelming.  Server said we were free to sample if we wanted.I had the Segway to drink - an alcoholic cucumber cocktail. Yummy and refreshing, didn't compete with my food.Chilled melon soup was tasty.  Could have used something crunchy and/or salty in my opinion. Entree was a scallops and chorizo over a cauliflower puree with corn.  Hell. Yes.  One of the tastiest things I've ever had the pleasure of consuming.  I forced myself to eat it slower than something so yummy might merit in an effort to make the experience last just a litttle bit longer.Walked away full, with a spring in my step and a smile on my face.
4	I went to Digestif Saturday night with two friends for the Yelp Eats menu...I was a bit skeptical about going after my previous Digestif visit last year, but figured since they were in a new space, why not give them a second chance. I am very glad I did.I love the new space so much more than where they were located previously. It's small and intimate, and if you have a chance to sit at the counter like we did, you get to watch all the cooking happen and interact with the chefs. The only hiccup in our two hour dining experience was service - I understand there is only one waitress (who was quite friendly) handling all the tables and everyone at the counter, but it took us quite a while to place our order and then receive refills on our drinks. Thankfully the food more than made up for any delay in service we experienced. All three of us had the watermelon and crab salad which was sooo fresh and tasty. Then all three of us had the burrata and peppers (it was supposed to be mozzarella, but they had just gotten burrata that day so it was a last minute change) which was excellent, although I could have done with about half the amount of peppers. My friend Brad and I had the scallops which were cooked perfectly and were seasoned well. My other friend has the confit fried chicken which she loved...I tried the blue cheese slaw that came with the chicken and it was awesome.Overall, a marked improvement from my previous Digestif experience. Located conveniently between Cowboy Ciao and Kaz, it's a nice option if you are in Old Town.
3	Very good food.  They just moved locations across the street to the old seesaw location. Good food can't really choose a bad item however the atmosphere is very ho hum.
5	What an awesome restaurant! It is a pretty small place, they can probably seat around 25, but I had reservations and was able to sit at the counter. Normally, I wouldn't want to sit at the counter for dinner, but I was able to watch the chefs cook the meals, which was very cool. One of the chefs was very outgoing and the service was very good. I had the tuna tartare to start, which was excellent. It had some spice to it, which added so much more to this appetizer. I also tried the Mexican street corn and the soft tacos. They were both pretty good. I would like to go again and try some of the other things on the menu and it seems like they change their menu fairly often. For dessert the chef convinced me to have the banana bread. Wow! It came with a vanilla dipping sauce which was awesome. Overall I would love to go again. It is not very expensive too, which is always nice, especially in Scottsdale.
5	Visited the new space in the former See Saw location, and I really enjoyed it. Chris L. and I stopped in last Wednesday. We were both fans of Digestif in its first incarnation, and i was excited to check out the more intimate space.Payton & Shantal do a great job after such a quick transition. I'm a huge fan of the farm-to-table philosophy and the frequently changing menus. It's a happy place, especially if you sit at the counter and enjoy the show. We sampled a bunch of stuff -- watermelon/crab salad, gouda/truffle mac & cheese, confit fried chicken, blue cheese coleslaw (killer), and Shantal had whipped up a fantastic banana cream pie. OK -- "we" didn't really "sample" anything. That's what I ate. Everything was delicious.It's nice to see someone who cooks with belief and passion, as Chef Curry does. If you're up for a new experience, check it out!
5	It has been three days,  two hours and 23  minutes since I was lost in my  own personal heaven at Digestif. Why personal? Because the chef made us special food that was not on the menu, and I am complete sucker for special treatment. He asked us if we wanted the warm mozzarella prepared differently from the menu...he had fresh heirloom tomatoes and amazing mozzarella from a small farm on the east coast. Warm mozzerella was draped  over sliced heirloom tomatoes and grilled breadwith a garlicky lemon vinaigrette.  The portion of mozzerella is a wonderfully glutinous amount of goodness. It was the best caprese dish I have ever had.  I drank a Brazil  66,  a  beautiful rum-citrus concoction that had a good punch without being  too strong or  too sweet.  For our second  course,  we shared Tuna Tare Tare - a generous portion of wonderfully fresh fatty tuna in a sesame sea salt  Poke-like sauce served with a yummy citrus ponzu sauce. As Jan G (Aka - the husband)  already mentioned, it was so good we had seconds....and we NEVER get seconds!  We also enjoyed salmon cake sliders and frog legs -both were wonderful, but the tuna tare tare and mozzarella stole the show....and just so you know,  the food at Digestif  is truly a production!You can read  Jan G's review for the rest of what I was going to say. The man stole my thunder!
5	The *ultimate foodie* stop on my SW eating adventure this summer, no other chef amazed me half as much as Payton Curry.My husband and I lucked out on our last night in Scottsdale with a reservation at Digestif.  Not just any reservation, but we lucked upon a special Sunday night cocktail and food pairing that was beyond our wildest dreams, called the "WITH A TWIST" Cocktail party.Most of the guests were friends of the chef or favorite regulars, but we lucked upon two cancellations.  We were seated around the bar which takes up most of the tiny restaurant.  This is not a usual bar with a bartender and bottles of alcohol behind it, no no, this is a chef-centric bar with the kitchen in full view. Incredible.  We were served our first pairing - grilled bread smothered in Mobay cheese with a BLT-ini.  The vodka had been bacon-infused. Wow.Second was lardo-wrapped Peaches served with an awesome cachaca-based drink.Third was buttery housemade prosciutto with an "incogroni" - aperol, gin and pineau des charentes.  Very special, a little bitter and a fabulous aperitif.That was followed by a fabulous halibut ceviche, the main course of lamb chops paired with a "lavender sidecar" which was to die for, and finally a dessert of flan with a lovely dessert cocktail.  I'm not sure if you can get these drinks and items on the regular menu, but the chef is such a down-to-earth, cool and motivated young guy that I think he would make about anything you could ask for, and that's as likely to be the case with drinks as well.  I can't sing out my praises loud enough for this incredible spot where the food and the chef are centerstage - right where they belong.  Fantastic, 5 stars.
3	I was really excited to try Digestif, and when a friend suggested we meet there, I was anticipating some great food.We were there during restaurant week, so maybe that was the problem? We both had the restaurant week meals (there 2 options, so we ordered both and shared).  It was just ok.  It wasn't horrible, but just ok.  In fact now, just a few weeks later, I can hardly remember the details of the menu.  I do remember the steak entree being really tough and overcooked (I ordered MR).  The rest, yeah, just not memorable.The service was good, but I think it should've been great since we were the only 2 people in the entire restaurant for the first 90 minutes of our time there.I may return, based on the 5-stars reviews, but with so many other places I want to try, I'm a bit reluctant.
5	Stopped in Scottsdale for a couple of nights on the way across the country and, thanks to you beautiful Yelpers, were guided to this trendy little spot.  Hands down the best restaurant of the trip, and we visited many fine establishments on our journey.  The cocktails were brilliant, and the food was not only cleverly prepared, but delicious, to boot.  I've noticed a few reviews lamenting their service.  We went mid-week so didn't have a problem with over-crowding or frazzled wait-staff.  The service was very friendly and attentive.  I look forward to visiting again on my next swing through AZ.
