3	Here's a spot with some potential. Since I didn't know anything about the place, I went the safe route and ordered chicken with broccoli for takeout. The interior is pleasant and clean. The lighting seemed a little odd. I did my order as a walk in and was told it would be about 10-15 minutes. It was more like 5-7 minutes so points for promptness. The food was good but not memorable. The ingredients were fresh in quality. My chicken had a slight burned taste to it that turned me off. The menu has a lot of interesting options so I will definitely give it another chance (at lunch when it's a little cheaper). It was crowded for a Wednesday night so either their marketing is good or the food is solid. I would suggest experimenting with this place during their lunch hours. I get the feeling they have some good stuff and it's all a matter of discovering your favorite. I know I will at least have to try the sushi and the General's chicken at the bare minimum.  One last note, their fortune cookie was one of the tastiest I've had. I know that won't make or break the place but I felt I should share that.
2	BUYER BEWARE!  Wild East Pan-Asian Bistro at Carmel Rd& Pineville-Matthews Rd is advertising 1/2 off sushi Mon-Wed, butthe sashimi was wafer thin and the discount doesn'tinclude sushi rolls. I had an average experience at a price that youwould expect to pay for fine dining. If you want... true 1/2 price sushi pay avisit to Johnny's Red Bowl Asian Bistro in Providence Promenade. Their sashimi is a decent slice and their 1/2 price sushi includes rolls, too!
4	Great Place- give it a try!!I love asian food, and feel confident I have had some of the best. This place creates excellent "Asian Fusin" dishes, and even has great sushi. It's hard to find a place that can do both- usually it will lack in one area. They have interesting and delicious sushi roll combinations, as well as nigiri sushi & sashimi. During the week they have half price nigiri Mon-Wed!The menu is great, and you will always have something new to try. Their Sunday and weekly lunch specials is the best, because they have a great choice of dishes from $6 & up! For dinner my favorite is the Duck, Chow Fun, Mongolian Trio & General tso's chicken. Before you make cracks that I go to a restaurant and oredr a generic dish such as General Tso's... Know that I never order this dish ANYWHERE! I just happened to try a piece off a friend's plate, and damn, it was good! Very light breading, with tender chicken chunks, and a tasty sauce...Not a thing jelly-like sauce you would get in most other chinese food joints. The Basil Chicken and Pan fried noodles are also awesome. Before I name off the whole menu, go try it for yourself. Support good local restaurants like these, we need to keep them around!With alot of good places to eat in this area, we try to go here at least once or twice a week. I still am excited to go everytime! Great service and they even learned our names after the 2nd time we were there! I have noticed alot of their customers are regulars.Oh ya, try the Mai Tai (if you drink alcohol), ask for Steve to mix it up!
4	Here's a lesson on why you don't judge.  If you look at the outside of Wild East Pan-Asian on Carmel Road you might not consider even going in.  It's plain and looks like an old bank.  And if you've been around awhile you know the location has been challenging for other restaurants.  When inside, I was pleasantly surprised.  The lighting, the Zen-like hues, and the sushi bar made it inviting.  And apparently they have an extensive patio on the other side, but I didn't think to check it out. Choose from Thai, Japanese, Cantonese and Szechuan.  A little overwhelming to me so I read the Yelp reviews (just one of the reasons I love yelp!).  The Spicy Basil Chicken was recommended.  It was fresh and good...and it was lunchtime.  So I'll definitely go back to try some more things...and it will be in the evening for a different experience!
4	Stopped in for a quick takeout lunch today and was very impressed. The menu offers, typical Chinese options, plus sushi, curry and some Thai! The lunch specials are very affordable for the portion!I went with beef broccoli, which came with choice of soup and rice...all for $6! The container was even high class and not your typical Chinese containers. I also got the veggie egg roll app for $3 which came with two rolls. I'll be a regular in no time!
3	Went there with a group of 10 (we had called ahead to warn them).  Waiter was covering other tables as well as us which meant he was really overwhelmed.  It took him 30 minutes after the last person arrived to take our food order.  My dish was called tofu/vegetable curry, but there was no tofu in it.  The curry was good though.Stay away with a big group.
2	I was not impressed with the food and the price.  I ordered mainly sushi, and didn't find it very fresh.  I also ordered an octopus salad, not fresh either, and they put so much sauce on the salad, it was a soggy mess.On the positive side, they did have nigori sake, which is somewhat hard to come by.  The service was very good, and I have to admit, the interior had a very nice decor.Seems like a popular date place, as I noticed about 5 couples.
2	I did not enjoy my experience here.  Service - Very slow.  I was in a larger party but we had to flag the waiter down just to get our initial order taken.  Meals came out at different times which was awkward when you're out to dinner with friends!Food - I hate to give such a bad review but I'm going to give the truth here (because you CAN handle it ;).  The calamari and crab rangoons were the worst I have ever had.  The calamari had no flavor and looked exactly like Burger King onion rings.  Not to mention that the portion was very tiny.  The rangoons had barely any filling.  As for my main entree, I went with the sushi.  On the Tuna Lover's I actually had to scrape the topping off.  I think it was supposed to be some type of tuna pate? It was awful.  I actually just left some sushi behind which is very not like me since I'm a sushi addict.Atmosphere - We sat on the patio and it was a nice view with adequate seats/tables.  Bathrooms were clean and hostess was welcoming.Overall, some of the worst food I've had in a long time.  Two thumbs down!
3	Not to shabby. It surprises me that some people had such a negative reaction to it. But I do suppose that I have tried food there that is relatively safe (like fried rice, or their other Chinese dishes). I wouldn't say it's the most delicious thing every, but it does satisfy a hungry person. I recall the soup that I got there was quite delicious as well. I would go there again.
5	This place is a real find!  The food is great and the prices are surprisingly low.  For the longest time the location of this restaurant has been many different things.  It was a bank at one point and then about a gazillion different restaurants that could never make it work.  I think the location was cursed.  Then Wild East took on the challenge.  But unlike everyone else, they started with a complete makeover.  In fact, they actually gutted the place and did things right!Upon entry, you can tell that they care about their restaurant.  Everything is neat, clean, and well kept.  I suppose it helps that everything is new too.  The decor is modern but inviting and has a sort of warm intimate feel.Every time I visit, I am warmly greeted and promptly seated.  The service has always been top notch.  As for the food...  The menu has good variety ranging from spicy orange chicken to sushi from the sushi bar.  The sushi itself is freshly made at the front of the restaurant in front of you if you choose to sit at the bar.   Although I have not had the sushi here, it looks amazing.  Regardless, what I have eaten has been great.  Now, I have heard from other people that the sushi is actually pretty good here but you just may have to try for your self.  Finally, unless they have changed their prices, you may do a double take when you get the bill because it is very cheap to eat here.Since my last visit, the curse did rear it's ugly head once more as Wild East caught fire and was closed for some time.  You've got to hand it to the new owners though since they have not given up.  Wild East has been fully restored and reopened.  I guess you can't keep a good restaurant down.  I look forward to going back.
4	The instant I walk into this Asian bistro I immediately feel like I have come to this place for years. Amazing...I went with a coworker for lunch and loved the option of either a sashimi or a sushi/sashimi special for lunch. For those watching the carbohydrate intake the sushi/sashimi combo is the perfect  I ordered the sushi/sashimi special for the value price of ten dollars. I also opted for the hot and sour soup vs. the miso soup. It is not listed on the menu but if you ask (wink wink) you can get the hot and sour soup instead. When the dish arrived I was excited to see 2 pieces of the following sashimi : tuna, crab and salmon all very fresh in flavor. It also came with a salmon roll, 2 pieces of fatty tuna and shrimp nigiri. Stuffed from both the sashimi and salmon roll I did not make it to the nigiri. In addition the dish came with enough ginger and wasibi to burn the inside of your nostrils out if you so desire. Not bad for a "lunch" special. As far as service goes everyone was so nice and friendly. Mind you my water glass was kept 3/4 full vs. the 99 percent full you typically get at most ocd asian type restaurants. I am not complaining it kept me more relaxed which is what I look for in a dining experience. I plan to return soon to test out the buy one get one half price specialty roll they have two times a week. My only complaint is a long time was spent waiting on food preparation but hey at least you know the stuff is made fresh. A plus in my opinion.
4	Great special rolls! My favorite sushi in Charlotte. Friendly staff too! I do laugh at the Italian chef art work on some of the dining area walls though.
5	Eat here a couple of times per month. I have never had a bad lunch. The portions are good size.  The sushi is very good and the pad Thai beats any other I have tried in Charlotte.
4	I don't typically make it down to this area of town, but since I was in the neighborhood I decided to give Wild East a try...and I was impressed! The short and skinny:Ambiance: Don't let the boring exterior fool you, Wile East looks quite zen inside! There's a smattering of tables and booths and pretty good looking bar...all super duper clean.Service: Very attentive, efficient and kind. My server even gave great recommendations right off the bat. Plus, my lunch came out lightening fast. Food: I ordered a side salad with ginger dressing ($3) and the Kamikaze roll ($12). The salad was pretty typical but the Kamikaze roll was drool worthy - spicy crunchy tuna and salmon stuffed with bits of cilantro and jalapeno covered in rice and topped with spicy crunchy shrimp and kani (crab). The roll said avocado, too, but I didn't spy any on my roll. Out of season, perhaps? Regardless, it was super fresh, filling and delicious. Next time I'm even near this area, I will definitely stop by Wild East again and sample some more deliciousness!
4	Curiousity!  Yes I've been curious about this place, then I read Nicole W.s  review and decide (especially since it is on my way home) I'll try this place out!  They have fixed up the Exterior of this place since I was here last (when it was an Indian Restaurant) and I really like how it looks on the outside.  The Inside is Wow fixed up, Nice looking.  They had the play list going on too.  From Asian Dance (Club Music) to Adel.  Nice Ambiance! Still skeptical about the food I got Jasmine Tea.  Cool looking mug, though the Tea was too weak, lacked flavor and I'm not here for the Tea.  Beef Satay with peanut sauce came out next and just from the looks of the Beef and sauce and the presentation I was almost sure I'd be a Fan of this place.  One taste and WOW!  Nice Beef! !  !  Great flavor the seasoning was mild and perfect!  The Peanut sauce tasted like what I used to fix for my young cousins who loved it on hamburgers (the Adults told me these kids would not like peanut sauce).  This Peanut Sauce is the kind I like:  Thin, so it sticks to everything, yet not so thin that it has that watered down consistency - the flavor is a little more complex than most: peanuty for sure, soy, a little hot pepper and probably, lemon and sugar (my guesses).  Garnished with Red Onion (always a nice touch) and enough Greens that it was a Salad!  This Appetizer gets an Easy 5 yelp stars!The Entree selections were much more intriguing than most Asian Restaurants and I thought if I like the Entree as much as the Appetizer, I'll be back.  I decided on the Basil Trio:  Stir Fried Thai Basil, Beef, Shrimp and Chicken with Squash, Green beans, Red Onions and Peppers with a small amount of spiciness add (my request), served with Rice!  This dish get 4.5 yelp stars!After a Great meal like that I want to finish it with a mind blowing Dessert... The Dessert menu told me to be happy and go home or go somewhere else for Dessert.  As a rebellious act I stayed and ordered everyone of the Desserts as I've been known to do on more than two occasions and not that any occasion need to be a last meal on Earth Occasion, I told you I already eat like this ALL the Time!  On this occasion I did only order ONE dessert and it was not the right one.  See my photo for more details and since most of you are not going to eat Dessert here, I recommend this place and will return soon!
4	Wild East is good. I'm quite impressed. I've eaten here a few times. I also have friends and coworkers that eat here on occation. I really like their take on General Tao's Chicken. Their take is to have thin bits of chicken deep fried rather than chunks. The result ends up being light and compliments the sauce and the vegetables. With larger chunks of chicken there is more breading and oil is involved.  Their solution is great and from my past experiences they provide enough to justify the entree. Also, soup is rather nice. Service from my recall could be iffy. My group was once not asked for the option for the soup [which is a part of the lunch deal] and then told later we were supposed to speak up when ordering. [That was a little off]. Thats not a show stopping issue, but it is a little bit off putting. Other than that the person at the front is always happy to see you come in which is nice! Con:Its hard to eat here on a low carb diet. The main entree is fine, however the sides are pretty much fixed to rice. This makes it difficult for me to eat there, and my coworker who has a rice allergy.
5	I eat here for lunch on a very regular basis, but also bring larger groups for dinner. Recently, my brother's family was in town for the holiday and we went for lunch, party of seven. As usual, the food arrived very quickly (no sushi) and everyone enjoyed it thoroughly, soup, salad, entre, all were excellent. Two days later, when we were looking for a place for lunch again, everyone asked to return, and the positive experience was repeated. They've expanded their lunch offerings, which are extremely reasonable, and with the wide diversity of the selections, I don't get bored as a regular customer. Excellent, friendly staff and an always enjoyable meal make it one of my favorite restaurants. I'm pleased to see that they are succeeding at a location where several restaurants before them have failed, they deserve it.
5	Finally!  Delicious & Affordable Chinese food in the Southpark area!  Love their Udon Noodles, Chicken & Broccoli & Soups!  Hope you guys try them out, lunch is a deal!
5	Excellent! Best crispy duck I have had in a long time. And really great service. And as mentioned in previous comments, don't let the exterior fool you. It has a nice ambiance inside and makes for a really nice evening out.
5	Love this place, generous with food portions, great lunch specials, and they take the time to get to know you. The service is great, the food comes out fast, and everything pretty much tastes good!
4	After hearing great things, and loving sushi, I had to try Wild East...And was it worth it, YES.  All the reviews seemed to be during the weekday lunch hour crowd, I wanted to see how they were on the weekend.  I walked in and was greeted, seated, and attended to very quickly.  The servers were very attentive and assisted with any questions I had regarding their speciality rolls.  After taking the servers suggestion for the Valentine Roll, there was no disappointment. The Carmel Roll was also amazing.  We also enjoyed salad and soup, which I would say the soup was not worth it.  Overall, this was a great sushi experience in Charlotte.  And, as I walked out and saw the Asian entrees, I was curious... I may head back tomorrow and try something new.  Keep you posted.
5	I have read some of the other reviews that said the sushi is not fresh, and even that the management is rude. Frankly, I don't get that, on either count.I first went to this place because it opened up near where I live. The location has been several different things,  and I wanted to support a local restaurant, hoping it would succeed. So, I went to spend my local dollars, and stayed for the food and service!The decoration is minimalistic, but pretty cool and zen. The sushi is great. They have a large array of different kinds of rolls, and they always come out beautiful looking and fresh tasting. We always pick out a few from the menu, and then let the waitress recommend one to us, and we've never been steered wrong. We often try to special roll of the day (my favorite-named was the one called 'We Didn't Start the Fire', which was the special when they re-opened after a fire closed them down for a few weeks). I only get sashimi some of the time; I prefer the rolls, but the times I have gotten it, it has always been fresh.The service is great. The waitresses all remember us, and treat us like family when we come in. We've been there with a group of friends, who also frequent the place on their own, and now the staff always remembers that we all know each other. When we come by ourselves, they always ask by their names, if our friends are with us today. It does sometimes take a while to get the sushi (especially on a busy Friday or Saturday night), but being patient is worth it. I will say that once I was there with a group of people, and one person ordered a hot entree, and it arrived a while before everyone else's sushi, so that was kind of awkward.I am glad that such a great place is located in South Charlotte!
4	I went to Wild East today for a quick lunch and was wonderfully surprised by the full flavor of my Szechuan Chicken.  The Sweet and Sour soup was also yummy.  The prices were very, very reasonable.  Can't wait to go back and try the sushi!
3	I'm very torn as I write this review. My first experience with Wild East was superb. I went with a very large group.  Our waitress was very friendly, prompt with our drinks and food, just overall excellent.  I got miso soup and the vegetable curry, which was amazing!  I ate most of it, but still had some sauce left.  The waitress offered to put in a box with a fresh batch of rice for me.  All in all, a great dining experience. I'd say 5 stars!!!!Now, my second trip here was a different story.  I raved to my friend about this place so much she had to try it. We both ordered appetizers (shrimp tempura and mango avocado rolls) which were delicious and sent out promptly.  We both got curry (me vegetable again, her chicken), which was sent right after.  My friend's chicken looked very pale and, well, gross.  She said it tasted funny, kinda rubbery and was worried it was undercooked. She told the waitress (Jenny) this and asked her for a plate to put the chicken on (she still wanted the curry).  The waitress did not try rectify the situation, but rather pushed my friend's rice bowl over saying she could use that to put the chicken in.  She said something to the effect of if you don't like chicken, you shouldn't order it.  My friend actually loves chicken.  The waitress ignored us the rest of the meal, the manager never came by, etc.  We didn't get our water refilled which is kinda needed w/curry.  Again my food was delicious and my friend said her food, minus the chicken, had been great.  When the waitress gave us the bill, she told my friend that no one else had complained about the chicken and next time she should get the vegetable.  Now my friend is a foodie, a strong tipper, and hates confrontation so the fact that she said anything at all about the chicken speaks volumes as to how bad it was and how unaccomodating our waitress was.  They had charged her full price for her meal which is ridiculous considering a good portion of her meal was the chicken and she didn't eat any of it.  She asked the waitress to not be charged for the chicken and asked to be charged for the vegetable curry instead.  The waitress said she'd ask the manager who again did not come over to talk to us.  They ending up charging her for the price of the vegetable curry.  While we were signing the slip, the waitress stood hovering over us.  It was very uncomfortable and rude considering she was absent throughout most of our meal and was magically present come tip time.  She even muttered something in another language, which I'm pretty sure had to do with us.  Suffice to say, she got no tip from either one of us.  Had the waitress offered to get her another dish or a fresh curry or something, we both would have come back.  The waitress was straight up rude to my friend. Based on the second experience I'd give it 2 stars because the food was good, but otherwise our dining experience was terrible.
3	Haven't been here in awhile no reason really. My wife & I decided to come here for my birthday dinner. I ordered a bowl of chicken Tom Yum & 10 orders of salmon nigiri. It seems that they have updated the booths but otherwise everything was the same.
2	Well here I sit trying to escape the heat and humidity outside by indulging in some sushi. I started off with a bowl of hot and sour soup. Plenty of both hot and sour in this bowl. Plus I can draw out eating it while waiting for the sushi to appear. I ordered a variety of sushi this time instead of just salmon nigiri. the waitress Winnie seems to think that when I say that I want 10 orders of salmon nigiri that I am really saying that I want 10 pieces of salmon nigiri or 5 orders. I was not very happy about that revision to my order.I have been to this restaurant a number of times & as much as I hate to say it I don't see their sushi improving.I think this will be my last visit for awhile.
3	I ordered a sapporo and a mess of sushi. I am so glad that the couple next to us left. He was Mr Atm machine and I never did catch her name. Winnie was still overly cheerful as she informed me that the sushi is on the way. I am not in agreement with her as I ordered quite a bit of it. I believe it will be more on the average of half an hour. My wife ordered orange beef. I ordered salmon, smoked salmon, a few different kinds of tuna & egg. It was all good. I need to Yelp around and see if there are bigger piece for the same or lower prices.
5	Wild east is excellent, both for delivery and to dine in.  The food is a great value and extremely delicious.  The staff is amazingly nice.  I love this place!
4	I crave their crunchy spicy tuna hand roll. In fact, I'm kind of obsessed with it! YUM.
5	My wife and I had dinner here on Thursday night (buy one special and get the second half price). We got the Manhatten roll and the waitress suggested the Double Happy roll. Both were fantastic. We were glad she suggested the Double Happy Roll- a must try.I had the seafood soup. Great assortment of seafood but expect a spicy soup.Our waitress was Nina and she was very helpful and very nice.We have been to many sushi places and this rates high on our list.
1	So we decided to try Wild East for takeout and ordered three specialty rolls, a traditional roll, plus an appetizer of spring rolls to feed 3 people. The woman who took our order reassured us that their specialty rolls typically had eight pieces and were "substantial" in size. We picked up our order and it wasn't until after we got home and unpacked the food that we found two small to-go containers, each of which were still large enough to contain two rolls. Both the signature rolls and the traditional roll appeared to be the same amount of food.I want to give Wild East credit for the fact that the hostesses were extremely nice both on the phone and when we picked up the order, and despite the quantity, the food appeared to be delicious. We were disappointed that we knew we were going to be left pretty hungry but then we realized we had just paid $50 for as much sushi as you could get for $15 at a grocery store. I knew we were paying more for quality but apparently Wild East thinks they're better than the other thirty-dozen sushi bars in Charlotte that give you way more for your buck.This was annoying enough for us to drive all the way back and complain. We explained that we felt misled and knowing that we didn't deserve any special treatment or free food, we simply asked that we get our money back in exchange for our uneaten order. At this point you would think that the staff would stand by their product and do at least something to retain our business and have us try them again. However the exchange consisted of sincere but awkward apologies and they watched me walk out the door, clearly knowing I would never see them again.What made the whole experience a little more distasteful was that we had called Wild East back shortly after placing our order in hopes of switching some of the rolls to brown rice. The woman on the phone politely changed everything but when we arrived to pick up the food, she told us they couldn't make our changes because the food had already been made. Again, this wasn't really their fault but we definitely didn't feel like overpaying for something we didn't even want in the first place.Lastly as we were back in the restaurant returning our order, a man who appeared to be either a manager or owner had walked up to the hostess desk and asked what was going on. I overheard her tell him the situation but when she handed me my receipt and offered her apology, the guy didn't even acknowledge me as I walked away.I'm sure this place has something good to offer based on all the positive reviews here, but they didn't give me a reason to try again and find out what it is.
5	excellent sushi offerings, and a healthy twist on most of the more traditional asian dishes. I love this place. Fresh raw fish and wonderful staff, but they can get a bit flustered when it gets slammed on the weekends.
4	The salmon was great tonight! I ordered 20 pieces of salmon sushi, & a pair of spicy scallop as well. It was almost too much too eat. The salmon was nice & fresh & melted like butter in my mouth. I will definitely go back especially since its so close to my house. I was there on 2/26/13.
2	Too expensive for their fake Asian fusion idea
5	Great sushi! Always fresh. Traditional Asian dishes are good, as well. Tuesdays and Thursdays are BOGO 1/2 off of sushi rolls. :D
5	Amazing Sushi. Great staff and lovely environment.
2	The sushi was just ok and the ginger dressing was too sweet and not very ginger like. Not good enough for the price.
5	This is one of the best Asian restaurants in Charlotte. The lunch specials are awesome deals (try the basil chicken) and the sushi is buy one roll get one half of on certain days. The sushi is super fresh, creative (if your into specialty rolls) and is the best around.
3	The customer service here is great! I've only gone here for lunch and ordered their general tso chicken which I believe to be the best in Charlotte! It has a different taste and kick to it that your other typical Chinese places don't make. The portion are just the perfect size and the prices are reasonable. I will still have to go back there for dinner to try out their sushi and other dishes, but for now this is a great place to go have lunch!
3	Went to this place for dinner, I had some sushi roll and it was fine but the pad Thai wasn't that good !!
1	Heads up, eat elsewhere.  We were there earlier today.   Sorry, but this place was very unpleasant (read: gross).  I don't understand some of the 5 star reviews.  Sometimes, it makes me think not to rely solely on yelp reviews, it seems like it is a hit or a miss.    This place was like eating food from a mall food court or worse.  The taste was so generic.  We ordered tomyum, mixed tempura, alaska roll, pad thai.  It was either too salty or too bland or just icky.   I felt nauseous afterwards.  I won't be surprised if I get diarrhea tonight.  I agree with one of the reviews,  it is fake asian fusion, fake sushi.   The service was just as bad, our server was odd. The hostess needs to work on her dental hygiene, her front teeth appeared all rotten, whats up with that, it was hard not to notice.
3	A visit to Wild East for lunch with a girlfriend today was a solid 3 (the good 3, not the meh 3).  Their lunch specials are Monday - Saturday 11:00 - 4:00.  Along with lunch prices are lunch portions (sigh).  My girlfriend is a lover of sushi, and with 3 wee ones she doesn't get her choice for meals very often, so she suggested Wild East for lunch.  I had never been, but it was on my radar.  I usually pass by during rush hour traffic where it is almost impossible to get in or out of this cute little place, depending on which way you are going.  I arrived around 12:45 and it looks like I just missed the lunch rush, they were busy busing just about every table in the place, so their lunch crowd must be a big one.  Girlfriend ordered a plate of 3 kinds of sushi.  6 small pieces each (small compared to the ginormous rolls they serve at Cowfish, I don't eat sushi, so I have no other comparison).  I ordered the Mongolian Beef lunch special with white rice.  Lunch specials come with your choice of salad or soup (wonton, hot and sour, miso).  I had been wanting to try miso, so I went with that.  I can say that I have tried it now, not a fan.  The girlfriend also ordered the miso and ate all of it, so I am going to say that my dislike was personal taste preference and not the quality of the soup.Onto the Mongolian Beef ($7).  Well flavored.  I am accustomed to the PF Changs version, served with green onions, which I don't eat.  Wild East is served with regular onions, which I prefer and they were cooked well.  There was a large ice cream scoop of white rice on one corner of the plate and small/medium portion of the Mongolian Beef served on a few of the white crunchy noodles (I don't know what they are called...).  It was mostly Mongolian and not much Beef.  The few pieces of beef were very well flavored and tender, I just wish there had been more, there may have been 5 small, thin pieces of beef in the dish.While disappointed with the portion, my lunch was very good.  The service was friendly and attentive with the drink refills.  The restaurant appeared clean and the host was quite nice.  I would return if my girlfriend needs another sushi fix.
5	Very nice decor, excellent service, and delicious food! I got the Pineville and Charlotte sushi rolls. Wonderful setting!
1	Terrible, terrible, terrible customer service. We came in for dinner at 7pm. The restaurant was not busy, with only a few table sitting down. It took the server at least 10 minutes to come take our order. We asked that my mom's order (two appetizers) be brought out with the rest of our entrees, since she ordered appetizers for her entree. And we also asked for our mussels to be brought out as an appetizer. The waitress did the complete opposite of what we asked, and then looked at us like we were crazy when we said something. When we finally got our mussels, we were expecting for our food to come out shortly after. It did not. It took another forty minutes, and for us to ask to speak to a manager before my boyfriend's food to come out. The manager said "I'm sorry it's taking so long, we have a lot of 'to go' orders". (Which in my opinion is the definition of poor customer service). My mom and my boyfriend got their food, but I still sat for another 15 minutes waiting for my sushi roll. (The total waiting time at this point was one hour and twenty minutes). When we asked for the check, we were appalled to find that we were charged for the full meal, and they even charged us $2.00 for club soda (which is basically water).  My boyfriend (who never, ever complains at restaurants) decided to say something to the manager. She told us that she was going to comp our drinks and give us a 10% discount. We thought that would be reasonable and were prepared to pay. When we got our check back, only 10% was taken off the bill. I went to go looking for the manager again, and found her taking care of her son behind the bar. When I brought to her attention the fact that she didn't comp the drinks, she looked at me and pointed to the 10% discount. I told her right there and then, that the customer service at this place is awful, that we'd pay the bill, but we were never coming back, and that I was going to write a review and warn folks of the way that they treat their customers. (As a side note, the 10% discount did not even cover the price of the sushi roll that I waited for an hour and twenty minutes for). Another manager came up to us right before we were leaving and began "apologizing"  for the bad night that we had. He made a bunch of excuses as to why everything was so bad, and offered us a what we heard as a "fifty" percent discount, and asked my boyfriend if that was reasonable. My boyfriend said "sure, that sounds ok". When we got our check, he gave us a 15% discount, which in my opinion is absurd, and it STILL did not cover the price of the stupid sushi roll. We paid our tab, did not say anything else, and ended up leaving a $10 tip. In conclusion, the restaurant management REALLY dropped the ball on customer service that night. Don't tell your customers that you're "really busy because [you] have to go orders". You need to focus on the customers that are sitting in your restaurant, and if you're that busy, get in the kitchen and help your staff handle the orders instead of taking care of your kid that shouldn't be at work with you in the first place. Second, if you're going to send another manager over to talk to your customers, don't continue to give the same excuses, and offer a joke of a discount. This place wasted our time and the food was sub par. Never going there again.
2	I really don't like to write unpleasant reviews but...I feel like I could have gotten better quality sushi from my local Harris Teeter honestly.Though the decor was nice, I got the impression they cut corners here--quality and possibly sanitation wise. This place had the look of a somewhat trendy Japanese restaurant, but seemed to be run more like a budget Chinese food restaurant. The food wasn't horrible, but it wasn't very good. Not very good at all. Nor was it fresh. Nor was i made with quality ingredients from what I can tell.  I actually didn't  even finish what I ordered and ended up going home, microwaving some leftovers.I will say my fiance's mojito was very nicely made though. But for sushi, this place is a bust. If you want quality Sushi, I would recommend Jade out in Ballantyne (excellent!) or Cowfish Sushi Burger bar over in Southpark.
2	Just okay and the front desk staff can be uppity and unwelcoming.  The food isn't good enough to make up for people up front being rude to walk ins.
3	Good atmosphere but food is just okay. Udon seafood soup is made with chicken broth that is so watered down that it has very little flavor. Sushi rolls were pretty bland which is weird for sushi rolls.
3	Its clean and a nice location. But the three orders were bland, tasteless and prepared incorrectly. I complained about my Udon soup being watery. Was told they use chicken broth. But even for chicken broth/base it was watery.Source: lived/travelled Asia for over 4 years
5	The staff here was excellent, and I can say there are very, very few restaurants where the staff was as attentive as they were here. Very quick with service, answering all questions and friendly as well. We ordered mixed drinks which were very good and also had several sushi rolls. The sushi itself was flavorful and the fish tasted very fresh. Overall the food at this restaurant was very good and the service was exceptional. I would love to come here again the next time I am in Charlotte.
3	Solid 3.5 . Very quick and friendly service- making it a perfect choice for lunch. Lunch is very reasonably priced. My husband and I had had the General Tso's Chicken and Sweet and Sour Chicken served with rice and soup for a little over $14 after tax. The fried rice was delicious, probably the best I've had in Charlotte. I also thought both the sweet and sour  and wonton  soups were great and tasted homemade. My one complaint is that the entrees were very heavily sauced so it become a little too much after awhile- sugar overload.  Next time I will give the sushi a try- as they do have BOGO roll lunch specials on certain days. The venue itself is very nice inside - comfortable, clean, and definitely a step above your casual lunch place. I will definitely return!
4	Was craving fried rice after the gym... I know that's bad..choose this place due to the reviews that mentioned fried rice.  It was yummy!  I also appreciated the small size , as most portions are too big for me.  They added mixed vegetables for only $1.00. Which was great for me- made it feel sorta healthy.  My only gripe is the crunchy noodles (the kind traditionally served with soup) they are not like most Chinese restaurants- taste like store bought.  All in all- will go back.  A bonus is that they deliver.
4	Staff is always very friendly and inviting. The food is tasty, portions a good size and you normally don't have to wait long.
3	This was my fifth visit, and it was disappointing. Previously, I have dined alone at the sushi bar, and both inside and on the patio with my family. Food has been consistently good, but today's service was poor. I felt abandoned at my booth while my waitress all but kowtowed to apparent friends of the owner who were seated 30 minutes after I arrived. If I were rating only this visit, I'd give them two stars, only because the food is generally quite good. They get three stars now only because I'm factoring in the previous pleasant experiences - I'm not happy with the current visit at all. They need to learn not to play favorites and to treat singletons better. I usually tip 20+%, but not today.
1	My rate is based on quantity, not quality.We ordered carryout for dinner and for 3 adults ordered 3 specialty rolls and one regular roll. We were charged $50 and recieved the food and were incredibly disappointed with the size of the specialty rolls. When I called I had asked about the size and the hostess assured me that the specialty rolls were 8pcs and much more filled. Maybe it is because we had carryout but it was nowhere near enough food to feed 3 adults for dinner and we were not going to pay more. We went back with our food and explained our disappointment and they kindly refunded us our money, although, wouldn't you have thought they would stand by their food and try to make us happy by giving us more food to try? At least then there would be a chance of us going back if we liked the food! I am by no means a food or sushi snob but I like to be filled when I eat. We decided to try Simplee Sushi down the road and got more for our money and the rolls were larger as well. She even included 3 free soups!  Will be hesitant to go back to Wild East and will never carryout again.
4	I go here pretty regularly, mostly on Sunday afternoons, but have been for dinner and ordered carry out. I have never experienced bad service here, they are always on top of water refills and whatever else we need. I especially appreciate the buy one get one half price nights (I think its Tues, Thurs, and Sunday) but it really makes for a good deal on some good sushi. I haven't ordered anything here that I didn't like. The presentation is also nice, and the restaurant looks clean.
3	I ordered Take-Out.  I got the Masaman Curry with Tofu & Vegetables.. it was okay.  Not very note-worthy, but not horrible.  I wish I had gotten it for lunch, it would have been cheaper and would have come with more stuff.  I would return for lunch in or take-out to give them another try.
4	The first time I went here, I got the teriyaki steak and I haven't gotten anything else since! It's amazing. I've tried my boyfriend's chicken and it was awesome as well. But I'm into red meat. They give generous portions and the staff is great.
3	A favorite casual dining place with great food and great service. Came as you are and enjoy anything from Sushi to General Sao Chicken. Beef and broccoli to Asian noodles it's all great. Beer, wine and cocktails as well.
3	The ambience and place looks good. Lunch specials are worthy to try on week days. The sushi specials are simply awesome
5	Great food, nice ambience and attentive service. Love the sushi and Basil Chicken. The decor and dishes/presentation were a nice bonus.
3	Fancier Japanese sushi restaurant, Wild East is dark and dim and has lots of wood. Well decorated and quite fancy with bamboo inlays for the chairs and tables. The sushi menu had a good selection of "creative" rolls and the usual list of regular rolls. As well, some cooked food available for those who aren't into the raw fish (you know who you are).We ordered four rolls with a soup and a seaweed salad to start. The soup and salad arrived swiftly and we had plenty of time to enjoy them before our rolls arrived. (Yes, she asked if it was okay that all four were on one plate.)The rolls were tasty and fresh. Nicely arranged, nicely topped. Very nice.A good amount of sushi and while the prices were a little higher than I'd usually go for, it was good. I would return.
4	Their tropical chicken and seafood pan noodles are amazing! Pretty good food and a lot of it for its price
5	Excellent food and service. Lunch  menu is loaded with great deals. I like the wonton soup, honey shrimp, and  pineapple cashews eggs chicken fried rice
