5	My husband and I had dinner here last night and the food is fresh and amazing! I've not had Chinese food this good in a very long time. My husband isn't really into Chinese food and I can call him a skeptic but he wanted me to tell all you yelpers that this place has the best Chinese food he's ever had. (and mind you he's really picky) We will definitely come back to this place and the service is awesome!
5	Hot & fresh. Best around, never had a problem
5	Originally from Ohio, and we had some great Chinese restaurants all over. Dont know why, exactly... not typically a place where you'd settle from another country. When we moved here, we figured the same would be true here. But in the west valley, there seemed to be a shortage. I decided to try this new little place by dunkin donuts after pregnancy cravings subject me to good flied lice. Wow. We have been so impressed by everything: the service, the food and the amount you get for the money, the quickness in preparation, the cleanliness. Just fyi, we wanted to make sweet and sour chicken into a combo which isnt offered on the menu. When we called the goodyear location, they wouldnt do it, but this location on west thomas did.  So make no mistake about it,good chinese food in the west valley!
4	This local restuarant is thus far the best Chinese food I have tasted in the Pheonix area. The food is fresh and with quick service.
5	When I arrived I already had an idea of what I wanted. The man that greeted me at the counter was very professional and polite. He handed me a menu and asked what I would like. I explained that I wanted the mongolian beef. As I was ordering I looked back into the kitchen and it appeared to be very clean. This menu item comes with a bowl of white rice. He asked if I would like a drink as well. Usual service, but done very professionally. I received my food quickly and it was very tasty! The portion sizes are generous and filling. While I was enjoying my meal another patron entered the restaurant and made a large order. When the order was completed the restaurant staff proceded with her food out the front door to load it for her. I was shocked that they didn't offer to do it and just did it! That is great customer service!!I must say I was very impressed not only with the food but the customer service as well. I believe they also have good business practices in place by using paper cups and styrofoam plates. I will definitely go back! Thanks Yan's!
5	Great little Chinese place. Staff is great and so is the food. The prices are comparable to panda express, but your getting a much better quality of food. You can see them chopping vegetables in the kitchen, which is always a good sign. I ordered, went to the bathroom, and when i came out the food was ready. This place is pretty legit, its a nice find
4	Decent for Chinese food - Take out.  The owner, or who I believe is to be the owner, is very friendly.  Heading over to open the door for his customers coming inside.  Bringing menus over to the table and after you order, your food over to your table.  Not your average Chinese Take-out restaurant.  Leftovers reheated decently too.  :)
5	This place not only has great customer service but it also has great food! I will definitely be eating here again.
4	Yummy, fast, fairly priced, and great service! I'll be back!!
4	They give you large portions so I would suggest sharing. I'm not a big fan of Orange Chicken but theirs was actually pretty good. Great customer service.
4	I've got to say, I'm not sure why this is near a 5 star rating, but I'm definately in on 4 stars... for what it is.I don't think you should expect to be blown away by the food here, now, I'm not from around the PHX area so I don't know how to compare locally, but let me tell you the best comparison on what this place is, is like a higher quality Panda Express.  I mean the place even gives you the Panda Express feel when you walk in, but the rest of the story is different.The food is definately good, It's a pretty diverse offering of food at a great price.  So this is where I can kinda see 5 stars, is you are getting probably one of the best bang for the buck take out chinese that I've been to.  But that's what you are getting, there is no ambiance in the restaraunt - however the service is very good, fast and friendly.I'd recommend this place, just don't expect that if you are a chinese food snob that you are going to have a complete sit down experience here, it's best for take home.
5	5 stars for the simple fact that its great, authentic, cheap Chinese food. I love the orange chicken. Spring rolls are tasty. Great prices for big portions.
5	Always good, good, good
5	This place is definitely one of my favorite chinese food places to go to! The inside is very clean and the staff is really nice and professional. A little bit pricey but definitely better than Panda express, so I think it's worth the extra dollar or two. They have a ton of food options, and I have tried quite a few of them. I love them all so far! The only problem may be that their spicy dishes aren't THAT spicy unless you ask them to make it extra spicy. Nonetheless, the food is very flavorful and high quality. I recommend that every one gives this restaurant a try!
4	Good food
5	I still continue to frequent Yans. I love the Crab Puffs and Egg rolls. Great food!
3	I have no idea why this place gets close to a five star rating.  I went there tonight because of the rating on Yelp, and I must say, it is one step above Panda Express.As a Chinese restaurant, I expected to be able to order Lo Mein.  Nope, don't have that.  How about hot tea?  Nope, no hot tea.  The fortune cookie comes with your meal because, guess what, you paid for your meal before you received it, so the transaction is over, here's your fortune cookie.The take-away lesson here is:  don't rely on the star rating alone; read the reviews.The food here was incredibly average and not incredibly cheap.  I probably will never return to this restaurant.
3	Egg Rolls were really good.  Sweet and Sour Chickent was meh.  We'll probably go again, but try something else.
3	Easy Choice for Quick ChineseDropped in due to proximity to Banner Estrella.  Good little place for fast Chinese food.  It's not the authentic stuff Ma cooks, but still good.  There are the usual compromises between Asian and North American pallets-- more oil, less cooking with spicy peppers, and the light seasonings are lost in the salt and sugar.  Staff is quick with the takeout orders and very nice.  Affordable lunch specials, too.  I would go again.
2	Visiting from out of town and looking for a good Chinese place.  Read the reviews and decided to give this place a try.  Needless to say the five stars leaves a lot to be desired.  We got the orange chicken and the Hawaiian rice.  The orange chicken was soggy and not much flavor.  The rice also had no flavor.  Not a fan of Panda Express, but at least you know not to expect great food.  Here this place gets five stars and it turns out to be an insult to your taste buds, I want my money back.
4	Found my new favorite place for sesame seed chicken! Yummy. The staff speaks very clear English too and doesn't confuse my very accent-challenged self which makes me less self-conscious and, in the end, awards you more Yelp stars! Or something. The fried rice/chowmein is good as well, typically in my experience the noodles and rice are 90% grease but they seem to realize how the human body processes such things and have decided not to try to murder us slowly. Cool!
4	This place has quickly become our favorite local chinese joint.  The food is quick and cheap.  Much better than most of the chinese places around the Glendale/West Phoenix area.  It's very nice and clean inside if you want to dine in.  Can't say that for other chinese places.
4	This place is really good, I like their house Fried rice and its big portion size.  Oh they have the most awesome fried dumpling, my mouth is drooling just thinking about it. I normally order there at least 2 to 3 time a month sometime to go or eat in.
1	Food was horrible!   I had the Teriyaki Chicken Bowl & it literally was rice, chicken, & sauce.  Who has a chicken bowl with no vegetables.   The chicken & sauce were completely bland.  Will never be back
5	Great service! Amazing food! Vegetable chow mein and orange chicken! YUM!
4	Excellent Food! Not your typical mall food court chinese food. Made fresh and honestly have never had better! The interior could use a more comfy feel but worth it :)
5	Fresh food & Super tasty! And the staff and the owner are really nice and helpful. Definitely recommend everyone give this place a try.
4	Exceeded expectations!  The only problem is trying to find it.  McDonalds hides your view from 91st and Dunkin Donuts hides your view from Thomas.  Awesome service right when you walk in.  Clean environment in case you want to dine in.  I got the Shrimp Fried Rice and Chicken Egg Rolls.  Very large portions so I left with a full belly! Hot taste food and I will be back!  Perfect spot for a quick work lunch.
5	Visiting at the hospital across the street and decided to order some take out. The pork fried rice was very tasty, the beef and broccoli was very fresh and good, as was the combo chow mein. Service was very fast.
2	The food is okay but it is very greasy.  It is hard to place a phone order because the person on the phone never understands English.  Don't order a side of hot mustard or extra packets of that pre-packaged hot mustard...they never get that.  I'm grateful that they now take on-line orders when I'm in desperate need of Chinese food.  It's the only time I order here now, always a last resort.
5	I've only eaten here and stopped in person for take-out, but as hard as it is to get good chinese food in Phoenix that doesn't make you feel sick afterwards, I really hope this place succeeds because the food is incredible. Incredible!
4	I've ordered lots of chinese delivery since being in AZ. and this is place was actually surprisingly better than most.  I'm always hesitant when ordering from a new Asian restaurant from so many bad experiences here.The lady on the phone was typical of any other Asian restaurant and very friendly.Ordered orange beef, sweet and sour chicken and the shrimp vegetable,  all were really good surprisingly.  The orange beef is probably the best I've had from a delivery, could use a lil more spiciness. Prices were better than most places as well.  Would order again.
3	Food is good,  but the fried rice had a burnt taste to me,  My sister said it's good but It tasted funny to me.  But overall everything else we had was good
4	Nothing about this place says to me, "Wow, I feel like I'm in Panda Express!" It's a mom and pop joint tucked in a small business strip. Once inside, the walls are adorn with pictures of many of their entrees.  You get a lot of food for the money AND the dishes taste better than any place I've been to in the area. Now this is not an establishment that you would take your first date to. They serve their population, which is the employees and clients or the nearby hospital and other local businesses.
4	Hawaiian fried rice is the best . I order the same dish  every time I go there . Good food good prices and very good portions .
5	Came here tonight with my boyfriend for the first time . All the workers were very welcoming. they serve very large portions, but if you have an appetite like my boyfriend you have no problem finishing the whole thing.  Veggie rolls are extremely good ! I will definitely go back again .
5	This place is delicious! The food is always fresh and has great flavor.. and the service is exceptional! The guy at the register was even kind enough to carry my food to my car out for me!
5	This place is delicious and the prices are reasonable for the portions. Ideally it's enough for a family to share. The mongolian beef is the best. We love the egg fried rice (it has no veggies for those who don't like it). I usually get take out its best to check the order before leaving  because the person who does the phone order couldn't understand me and I had trouble understanding them.
3	Ive been here 3 times. It's decent prices for the portions and food is great! Service is fast and friendly.
3	I have driven by this place many times and decided yesterday to stop by and give it a try. When I try a new Oriental restaurant - I judge it based on the same three things - their House Lo-Mein or House Chow-Main, their Egg Rolls and/or Spring Rolls and their Chicken Wings. I also eat in, which if you truly want to judge a location eat in first, don't run home with your food.WHAT I DID NOT LIKE:Cleanliness - I was there at 5:20pm, none of the tables had been wiped down. The person who sits there (if lucky) throws away their trays, etc. when they are done. But it was obvious no one comes along and periodically cleans the tables.Chicken Wings - not sure why the Orientals cannot make a decent chicken wing, but this place wins the prize for being the most nasty wings I have ever had. If you love grease and no taste you will probably give these 5 stars.Chicken Egg Rolls / Vegi Spring Rolls - frozen and fried, mush inside (had both), though the Spring Rolls had a slight better taste than the Egg Rolls, I would not order either ever again. Grease and mush in a crispy shell is best how describe both.WHAT I DID LIKE: PORTION - I will agree with everyone here, the portions are huge and I was not disappointed there for the price. In a pinch I would go back and order a main course, just nothing else. Also don't get hung up on "Lo-Mein" vs "Chow-Mein" unless you have a clue what both really mean. Both can come as a soft noodle.PRICE - Good(Main Dish) TASTE - I enjoyed the flavor of the House Chow-Mein and while not the best I have had in town, it was really good and I would have it again.So three stars - for price, main dish taste and portions. Stop there with your order and it probably will not disappoint. For the person who said that this is the best place in the West Valley, please get out more, this is obviously the only place you have been. For those that compare authentic Oriental Restaurants to Panda Express, please get cultured - don't disgrace the Orientals that way.
5	I love this place. Try the sesame chicken - the sauce tastes almost like honey. And the crab rangoons are the best I've ever had.
5	Great food , clean , friendly & fast service ! 100%  I got the orange chicken combo with fried rice & a spring roll .I also got an order of the pad thai rice noodles those were great as well.And lastly an order of chicken chow mein yumm I highly recommend this food portions are perfect.
2	So, I decided to get sum china food today!!! Umm i got spicy orange chicken n fried rice...... I'm not very happy with the chicken I thought it was going to be crunchy with sum spicy sauce but it's not.... In that case I should of went to Panda Express for realz!!!! Not as great as everyone in here says it is!!!! I don't like the taste,
3	I would have to say the portion was bigger than what you get a panda but I'm still conflicted with my overall impression. Over floured chicken is a sin in my eyes, whether it's fried hard and crunch or has obvious air pockets from where the flour didn't have a chance to completely stick. It wasn't horrible but will not be my first choice for local chinese.
5	Great food.  If you're from the east coast, this is the closest you'll come. I had almost given up looking for decent chinese when I found Yan's
5	I have quite a bit of family in Phoenix. So, I generally frequent the area quite a bit even though I am from CO. But, this place definitely offers quick Chinese food if you're on the go. The food is pretty fresh and the taste is on point. The crab rangoons are quite tasty and I am always a fan of dumplings. I am also a huge fan of Chinese noodles. If you are in the area, you should definitely give this place a chance. It is definitely fair and I don't think you'll be disappointed with the taste. Oh, and the people that work the counter are incredibly friendly. Although they are lacking a bit in English skills, they definitely try their hardest to make it up in service!
5	Kung Pow!!! Great quick Chinese food, I had the Kung pou and was very happy with the large chunks of chicken and fresh vegetables. Very fresh and good food, highly recommend for a quickie.
3	Tried the chicken Pad Thai and was forewarned would be really spicy from the waitress. Although the food is really tasty, Pad Thai was no where near as spicy as I'm  used to from other places that I've been to. It tasted like there was sweet and sour sauce instead of any spice. Portions are decent amount so you do get your money's worth. Not great, but good.
4	Group of three, we all loved it. Had it delivered and it was hot, fresh and very tasty. No complaints, definitely recommend the Kung pao and orange chicken. If you like spicy, be very specific or they hold back. The flavor was still really good though. Would go back anytime.
1	Horrendous! I ordered the Pad Thai Chicken. The overall color of the dish was orange. It was less than 1% vegetables with the occasional shred of carrot or onion). It also featured lovely aftertastes from multiple different dishes. There was an unmistakable shrimpy taste as well as a slight orangeyness that appeared in every bite. Every once in a while a spicy bit would rear its head as well, but those were few and far between. The amalgam of flavors on the dish resulted in a sticky, gooey, and pungent buildup of gunk slathered on to each and every noodle. I tried to give it a chance, but i stopped once my stomach started to echo my taste bud's complaints. My companion fared slightly better. He ordered the kung-pao chicken entree. His was more tolerable but overall flavorless. Not a spice in sight and extremely bland. I'm not sure if we came in on a bad night or what. The pictures featured here look absolutely lovely. Unfortunately what ended up in our take out boxes was only fitting for the trash can. Not even a drunk college guy could stomach their food. He immediately regretted his attempt to fill his gut with such crap.
5	I'm back in town in AZ and Yan's is always a pit stop that I need to make. On this trip, I had the chicken lettuce wrap with the crab rangoon. I really enjoy the filling that they use for the lettuce wrap because they include water chestnuts. The chestnut adds a wonderful crunch to the meal. I also enjoy how the seasoning for the lettuce wrap is just right. It is never too salty or too dry. The portion size also leaves plenty of food for leftovers. Being a college student, I love having leftovers. It really is great in my opinion. I also really like how they add celery to their lettuce wraps. In my experience, celery is not always an ingredient. But, I love the flavor of celery. Personally, I really love eating cream cheese. So, the crab rangoons resonate well with my personal tastes. But, I highly highly recommend them if you enjoy cream cheese and fried foods! Really tasty! Yan's is a nice place to eat with very nice cashiers. They tend to remember you if you're a regular. They really are very nice even if it is a little bit difficult to understand them. If you're looking for an inexpensive bite to eat on the fly, please try Yan's.
5	Always quality food with great flavor. Service is efficient and pleasant volcano beef and orange chicken are super yummy. We love Yans!!
