2	I give this place two stars not because I'm into Bikram yoga, but simply because this studio is better than another in town that I've been to. Okay, I won't go into the whole "Bikram Yoga is not real yoga" rant ... but Birkam yoga is not real yoga. But it gets the job done, you know? So I'll keep going. Just try to think of it as Satan's exercise and you'll be fine. I like the feng shui of the place. Its more welcoming and warm than other sterile, gas chamber-esque studios (*cough* on Durango and Sahara *ahem*). All the instructors are really friendly, its kinda creepy. Although Bikram yoga is notorious for being culty. The studio has seen better (read: less stinky) days. You got to figure with over a hundred people in and out of that place every day, its got to accumulate a lot of sweat and other human juices. Gross. Please excuse the love-hate thing I got going on here. On an unrelated note, this Bikram yoga studio would probably be a righteous place to get a date.
3	This is the studio that was on Trop and Rainbow. They outgrew their old studio and moved to Rainbow and Russel. I'll be more specific and critical in this posting than I was in the last about this business. Because I'm a bitch like that. Their new facility is huge. There are two practice rooms. The smaller of the two is a little bigger than their old, cramped room. The large room is prolly 30% larger. There are classes every day from 6a to 11p. Classes that land on the even hour take place in the large room. Classes that land on the odd hour happen in the smaller room. The larger room doesn't get as hot, so I suggest noobs try out the odd hour classes. The material on the floor is this weird noodle-looking material. Its slipperier than the other stuff. People have to rearrange their mats for asanas like trikonasana (triangle) where you straddle your mat. There is a lot of silicone that comes in and out of that place. People that go to Bikram are generally more concerned about their looks than people that go to other schools of yoga. Especially in Vegas. There are a lot of performers and entertainers that come in. Bikram is a very American-ized version of yoga, but its a really intense physical workout. Yoga doesn't normally entail much cardio. But if anyone tries to tell you that Bikram doesn't have cardio, they're not well-informed. I never imagined I could get my heart rate up so high standing still. And you'll sweat. You'll sweat like you're in the rainforest. The heat is cranked up to ~105F and ~40% humidity. Its like tropical weather on steroids. I normally sweat out three pounds, including the quart of SmartWater I just ingested. The reason class is so hot is to get you jucier and more limber quicker. And to "sweat out the toxins." Which to me is still ambiguous and kitch. If you don't drink a SmartWater during class, I recommend you get your electrolyes some how. Pills, coconut juice, whatever. The day you go to Bikram, drink lots of water, before AND after. Have a lot of dairy before you go. JUST KIDDING. If you have dairy, you'll prolly throw up. Don't eat anything too soon before. When BF goes, he likes to go STARVING. If I go early in the am, I at least have a banana or something because I'll pass out otherwise. You think I'm kidding. Don't be afraid to dress skimpy. Do NOT wear pants of any kind. Not even capris. You might die. Seriously. By the time I'm done with the 90-minute session, I am soaking wet. I start sweating during the first three minutes. My towel is wet enough to wring out. I just wear a sports bra and bike shorts. Even though every class is the same series of 26 asanas, depending on the instructor, it can be difficult or it can be very difficult. Some instructors open the door during practice and let th stale air out. Some just let you bake in your funky air. I prefer the former. The bathrooms are hugangous, too. There are showers equipt with shampoo, conditioner, and soap. Bring your own towel or you can rent. They also provide q-tips (!!) and hair ties. For the ladies there are four showers + handicap. For the guys, I don't know. I'd imagine its the same. I should check one day ... By the way, why do women always want to talk to me when they're buckass naked? Is it because they know it freaks me out? Is it written on my face? They provide pretty much all the peripherals you'll need. You should bring your own yoga mat, a beach towel, small towel, quart-size or larger SmartWater, and whatever bathing stuff you need. If you don't have some or any of these things, they can provide for a small rental fee. For noobs, this fee is waived. They also have lockers up for rental. There's also a small clothing boutique where they sell Shakti and Poppi Wear, perfect for hot yoga practice. * off the strip, non-casino
3	Just OK. I was in Las Vegas on business and was excited to go to a class. A bit expensive for a walk-in class ($24), but you do get two towels, a mat, and a large bottle of Smart Water). A nice touch was availability of a lock. It's a very nice studio (weird type of flooring though), with a clean changing area and showers. The room wasn't at a constant temperature and the instructor kept having to open and close one of the doors. The instructor was generally good and kept the class at a good pace. Maybe a touch more "coaching" would have been good. If you're traveling to Vegas, definitely worth going. But as a studio overall I rate it about average - it won't disappoint, but you won't be wowed either.
4	I am in Las Vegas for a conference.  I decided to go to a yoga class yesterday.   I took a taxi from my hotel on the strip to the studio for about 25$.  My taxi driver was kind enough to pick me up after class too.  So it's important to note, that I spent about 50$ just getting to class.   There are bus transportation options from the strip but I was in a hurry to make it to class on time.  The fee of $24 for a drop in student included a mat, 2 towels and a large bottle of water.  A pretty good deal in my opinion.   I took a 4:30PM class on a Tuesday.   Check in was easy and quick.   The staff at the front desk were friendly and accommodating.  The instructor was awesome.   She started the class on time, offered several tips throughout the class and kept me motivated with her voice.   The class had about 24 students and could have fit in a few more but I was happy for the extra space.  The energy from the students was great.   I was a little surprised by the number of students who entered the room late.  The room was pretty hot, as it should be.  I could have used some air during final rest, a window or open door or something to help cool things down would have been ideal.    I didn't notice any of the smells reported in the other reviews.   The floor is made of some rubber carpet like material, which I didn't mind.   The class ended on time.  Locker room/showers were VERY spacious compared to other studios I've experienced.  Overall a great studio to practice bikram yoga. I look forward to my next class.
4	This studio is awesome! I wish I can practice here every day, but I don't wish to live in Las Vegas, so I don't think that first wish is going to come true... Decided to take the 7:30am class on a Sunday morning during the Memorial Day weekend with Adele Rae. She was friendly and very encouraging. Adele nicknamed me "San Francisco" when she gave me verbal corrections/adjustments.  The thirty people in class were mostly regulars.The studio is located on the second floor of ELDAN CENTRE. The facility is H U G E! "Bikram Yoga Las Vegas Southwest is one of the largest studios in the world. There are two yoga rooms (the bigger of the two rooms is called Bikram and the other Rajashree), 63 classes a week AND 21 teachers." The locker room is great which contains lockers, 4 showers with soap and shampoo dispensers, 3 bathrooms and a couple of sinks. It's a very clean studio, I loved that it's not a carpeted floor, more like woven plastic material is used. It was a HOT class, the temperature is controlled, no windows being opened and closed by the teacher though, just turning the ceiling fans on and off. The lobby is very open; behind the front desk is a refrigerator (cold SMART 50 ounces water and Zico coconut water for sale. Both towels and mat are available to rent, $2 each. There are two water cooler dispensers available, so feel free to fill up your own water bottle with cold, cold, cold h2o! Oh yeah, and they sell yoga gears, too. Drop-in price isn't bad, $20. Good deal for "Out-of-Town-Visitors," $24 which includes water, two towels and mat rentals. For the locals, 12-month membership cheap, $799 for unlimited yoga for a year!  Monday - Friday; yoga starts at 5:30am, last class at 9:30pm.  On the weekends, seven classes are taught throughout the day from 7:30am to 7:30pm.  Be sure to check out their website for the updated weekly schedule time and teachers :-)!
3	This studio was nice.  I was in town for biz and decided to take a few classes.  They had a nice drop in special that included 2 towels and a big bottle of water + 2 classes for $25. One of the instructors was from Easter Europe and was pretty rude to some of the beginning students.  The other instructor Patty was really helpful and encouraging.  The facililty has 2 studios and run classes every hour, which is ultra convenient.  They have a clean locker room and showers.  When I go to Vegas again I'll be sure to stop in again.
4	I only used the smaller bikram room but I understand the other room is larger. The bikram room is smaller than the rooms at the Green Valley and Summerlin yoga gyms. Nice hot room with attentive instructors but the class right before Thanksgiving dinner was running low on floor space. This gym is closer to home and the price is about the same as the others so I be back.
1	This place came recommended highly by someone I met at a near-by raw food restaurant, although I'm not sure how or why anyone would recommend this place.We showed up to the yoga studio in plenty of time for class to start only to find we were late for a class that was just beginning. They guy at the front desk informed us that the online schedule was either for the previous or following week. ((I don't remember which one??!))I've never experienced a yoga studio more stinky than this one - and I've been to plenty of hot yoga studios. Why does this place smell so bad???The yoga mats this place provided were disgusting -- I'm still in disbelief that I actually used one.The studio looks old and outdated -- it did not feel clean at all. I would definitely not walk around barefoot or naked in the locker rooms. I am not new to yoga, but a friend of mine that was with me was new. The instructor never once came over to help re-position her into the correct stances. Disappointing. The instructors looked out of shape - major turn off.I would never go back to this place. I'll never forget that stench.
3	Overall not a bad place. Instructors are nice and the pricing is good. Two complaints: they need to cap the classes or have people pre register for the busier classes. The 530 was so full that the instructor was placing late walkins in the gaps that are supposed to be empty - it was HORRIBLE. Also the place could use some deep cleaning. It's not gross or anything - but it's not anything close to as nice as the other hot yoga place on sahara that closed down
5	I have been to many nightmare studios before so I was VERY excited to stumble upon this Hot Yoga class. It is hidden in the back of a large white building on Rainbow close to the 215. I love that it is off the strip and full of locals! The instructors are amazing I must say. They make you feel right at home and comfortable. It is not a pretentious studio that makes you buy and wear their clothes only. You can wear a paper bag there and they wouldn't bat an eye. I've been in classes with 6 yr olds to 60 yr olds, and thats what i love most about it.Unlike Bikram, there are many different classes for all different levels. The $499 unlimited package is a steal. Seems alittle steep but it's worth it.Just try there two free classes and you will want to move in there! It truly is an amazing art so I am ecstatic that I live so close.
2	I LOVED this studio when it featured Bikram yoga. I thought it was pretty shady for the owner to eliminate Bikram and replace it was a program he created to replace it. Don't get me wrong, the varieties that they have have their pros and cons, but I am overall unhappy with the changes. My yearly membership will expire in mid July. I will not join again, though I WILL greatly miss Connie's YIN class. It feels soooo good!
4	I have been to a lot of hot yoga studios. This place was a turn off at first. I really like bikram yoga more than their beginner class. I like bikram because it's very disciplined and they force you to stay in sync with everyone around you. It's a nice massage for your body when you are struggling. Once I tried the hot pilates, the relaxing and slow classes, and realized that I really liked the variety, I may be considering a return. But we will see, I can't really afford 15 a class.
4	This studio is great for yogis.  I recommend Dominique's Earth Vinyasa class and Gabriella's hot pilates class.  Both will make u sweat and feel healthy and energized afterward.   Make sure to show up a little early to place down your mat, as these classes fill quickly :)
3	Vegas Hot! provides an interesting variation on the 26 asanas of the popular Bikram Yoga routine. There appear to be quite a lot of politics behind their conversion from Bikram, but I won't get into that.I got to try a free class courtesy of houseseats. The location is easy to spot from Rainbow Blvd. Strangely enough, it's a little confusing to actually find the entrance. It's best if you park in the back. There are signs that then point you up some fire escape stairs and to the studio entrance.The foyer area is large but minimally decorated. I can only compare to Bikram Yoga Summerlin, which has been my only other exposure to heat-intensified yoga. BYS is well-decorated and has the expected look and feel of a yoga studio. On the other hand, VH! has a larger locker room than BYS. I like their wooden lockers - very rustic.Of course, what really matters is the class itself. I really like their large classroom. The floor is made of some sort of rubber/plastic compound. It seems like it would be much more sanitary than the carpeted flooring that Bikram Choudhury reportedly requires. My coworker is paranoid about athlete's foot and this is something he always mentioned about BYS. I also love the fact that VH! has lines running across the length of the classroom. The distance between the lines is the exact length of a standard yoga mat. This sounds like it would work perfectly for mat placement when the classes are full.I'm not a yoga expert, so I can't comment too much on the routine. I was in their "Venus" class, which is supposedly good for beginners. I didn't get the instructor's name, but she was friendly and helpful. The thing is, BYS has probably the most friendly instructors I've ever met. From your very first class, they try to know everyone by name and really make you feel welcome. Not to say that VH! isn't as friendly. BYS just left me with a high water mark when it comes to instructor bubbliness.Overall, I like this place. Their prices are cheaper and they are much closer to my house. The only thing is, I'm not really interested in getting into hot yoga right now.
4	I've taken a few standard yoga classes before, but never hot yoga so maybe my perspective on the "authenticity" of the classes are skewed. However, I can say that the classes will kick your ass, the building is clean, the staff is nice and the 'large' classroom, as small and consistently packed to capacity as it is, never smells like poached balls (which was a huge concern of mine. I mean, I'd be a moron to expect a packed room heated to 105 degrees to smell like lavender, but I don't want to vomit mid-asana). Tonight's hot pilates class was VERY full, but the instructor, Carolyn, still took the time to correct my posture a couple times and provide personal encouragement to every newbie in the room.The only major con is that the facilities are too small for the number of people who attend. They either need to move to a building with a larger locker room and class room, or they need to control their class sizes. My experience at this studio has been so positive that I know that am completely and hopelessly addicted to hot yoga  -- Even after my groupon coupon expires, I may have to find a way to stretch my budget to accommodate a membership.
5	I thought I was in pretty decent shape until I decided to woman up and try a hot yoga class. I thought it wouldn't be a big deal and I could easily conquer it. WAS I DEAD WRONG. I took Yuko's Friday 9:30am class and she is amazing. That chick is the pinnacle of strength and flexibility. I walk in and its warm (no biggie considering I live in Vegas and it feels like the surface of the sun about 1/2 of the year). I lay down my rented mat and towel ($2 a piece...I recommend that you bring your own if you have them) and just chill with my coffee and water...then walks in Yuko...(cue scary music).She hits the ground running warming us up and basically kicks our butts for about 90 min. My sports bra was dripping sweat and there was not a dry spot to be found on my clothes (it sounds a lot sexier than it looks...believe me). After she dismisses us I hobble out the door and in the locker room (where they provided a free lock and locker...you just have to hand over your car keys as collateral) I wring out my clothes, thank Yuko and get on my way (make sure you leave your instructor a $2-4 tip...they really appreciate that).I thought I would be sore given how weak I felt but no...I was all good the next day...maybe just slightly tight in my shoulders. I am so excited to go again soon.
4	I decided to try out hot pilates and yoga because of a groupon special.  I've done pilates and yoga before (not hot) and doing it hot is definitely a way different experience.  I really like this place.  I don't have any other hot yoga studios to compare this to, but in my opinion, this is a good one.  You can't miss the building (the big white one off Rainbow near Russell).  The entrance is in the back by the way (I was confused the very first time I went).  Besides yoga and pilates, they also offer kettlebell (which I'm eager to try out) and Zumba (which I've tried and I guess its good, but I'm so uncoordinated I hated it).  Kettlebell and Zumba are not hot (can you imagine?).Everytime I go, I feel so good after my workout.  I like to catch Gabriella's pilates class - she is awesome and really kicks your butt.  At the same time, she is really motivating.  Doing these workouts in a class environment is really helpful - better than any workout that I can do myself in a gym.  The hotness of the room varies from time to time, but its usually like 100 degree I think.  Definetly enough to get your sweat ON!  I always leave class drenched.  The only complaint I have - the locker room for women is TINY.  The classes here get SUPER crowded.  I was in  a class with 70+ people one time.  Ugh.  The space is not a huge issue though since you mostly stay to your mat... but it becomes a problem in the tiny locker room space.  There usually isn't enough space to change so I just go home in my sweaty gear (ew).I've been going a few times a week for about a month and I feel good.  After my groupon expires, I'll probably still go.  If you decide to try this place out, remember to bring your own mat, towel and face towel to wipe the sweat dripping down your face.  Also the instructors appreciate a couple bucks as a tip (theres a box near the locker room!)
5	I decided to take another hot yoga class with Yuko....this time I thought I would take the beginner route since I had made it through (barely) the intermediate/advanced class...again was I dead wrong. It still was just as challenging and the temperature was raised a bit. I came out still just as wet at before but this time I was a bit more sore than the last class. Yuko is amazing and she will rock your workout. Look forward to the next time.
5	I first came here when they still had their original bikram programs. The bikram programs were a little harsh for me in the beginning, considering I was a newcomer to hot yoga. I didn't particularly like the instructors from the first couple of times, given that some of them acted more like drill instructors instead of making the experience cleansing and positive.However, when they remodeled and reinvented their entire programs, I've been hooked ever since. I try to go at least 2-3 times a week in order to get my meditations and yoga in. The instructors are amazing and some of them really stand out in regards to meditation such as Zeeky Vincent and Connie Johnson. I absolutely love Baptiste and Yin, for one is more vigorous and the latter is more calming, meditative. The instructors now are patient, kind, and understanding, and want to give you a meditative experience as much as getting the physical of it. It's no secret that membership here is a little on the pricey end, but I have to say this is one of the better (if not one of the best) hot yoga studios in Vegas. I love how it's concealed within an area where locals can get to! Yes, there are some classes that get hot to the point where it does smell sweaty and funky, but that should already be expected and a given in a hot yoga studio!
4	They have classes all day long, making it convenient for anyone with a difficult schedule. Their studios are large, so rarely will you get mat to mat. Clean, too!The instructors are all very helpful and devoted to being yogis. If you want something slower that'll still work you, go to Connie's Earth or Yin classes. She's really great and if you're lucky she might sing you random songs or talk about circles. If you want to really sweat and get outta breath, go to any of the Pilates classes. Rachel, Liz, Gabriella, and Carolyn are all ridiculous. And if you just want to spend your morning watching someone with ripped abs, go to Martin's. A good place to try something new.
5	I'll admit that I've only been to this particular hot yoga studio, but it was definitely when they were still affiliated with Bikram Yoga and taught just Yin, Mars, and Bikram classes.  That was before they expanded and changed up their classes to incorporate more--seminars, classes, and rooms.Even though this studio is a bit pricey, they do offer a variety of classes--Venus Beginner/Hot Yoga (Bikram yoga influence), Power Yoga, Vinyasa hot yoga, power yoga, Vinyasa (Flow), Asthanga, Baptiste, Russian Kettlebell, Hot Pilates and Zumba classes.  They have classes all day long (5:30am-11pm Mon-Thurs, 5:30am-9pm Fri., and 7am-9pm Sat. and Sun.) They also offer mat and towel rental, water, and lockers (make sure to bring your own lock), in addition to an area for showering. They're also  suggested tip/donation boxes for each instructor (between the bathrooms).My understanding is that Yin and Earth classes are taught at a slower pace.  The Mars classes, though, are definitely a great workout, and taught at a faster pace--but I especially love Mark's class.  Pilates is definitely a great workout (for 60 minutes) and regardless of the instructor--Gabriella (seems to have more of a bootcamp feel), Martin (stickler about form, or Carolyn (stays generally with the traditional Pilates mat exercises/series), to name a few--the only difference is that they incorporate their own personal tweaks.  For anyone not used to a hot yoga or pilates class, just make sure to take the classes at your own pace--take a knee or child's pose, or leave the room momentarily.  The Russian Kettlebell class, taught by Martin, is also a great class, and is the only weight-resistance (kettlebell) class offered.  The class lasts 1.5 hours, but for some first-timers, you have the option of leaving after the first hour.  I definitely recommend that you try this out at least once.  They do offer (for Vegas residents) a deal where you pay $10 for the first class and your second class is free with their card (located at the front).  If you were lucky enough to get a deal on Groupon or Livingsocial, you should also check out the various classes that they offer.Just make sure that you're prepared to be mat-to-mat with others, since they really pack people into their rooms--especially the small room.  Also, it isn't uncommon to see girls in bathing suits or sports bras/spandex shorts, as well as guys in speedos or really tight/short shorts.  I also recommend that you bring a towel, yoga mat, and water.They're also becoming sticklers (more strict) about arriving late for class--at least that's what the girl at the front told me, so make sure to arrive with at least some time to spare and check out the schedules online to ensure that they've not changed the times/classes on you unannounced...
5	Tried this place after purchasing a groupon (i've never done hot yoga before but work out a few times a week). I tried hot pilates last night and it was AWESOME!  Great workout- and I like to push myself pretty hard.  It wasn't too terribly hot (i'd say around 85ish?). Class schedule makes it convenient for everyone. People of all fitness levels were in the class and the teacher was extremely knowlegeable. I'm excited to go back and see if this can whip me into summer shape!
5	I've never gone to anyplace but LVAC until now.I bought a groupon here,grew deal,decided to take a leap of faith.I did myself a favor and took the new client tour=this got me 8 days free before my groupon! I'm still in it!Now let me get to the ravings....~I have nothing to complain about- the classes run all day so you can catch a workout anytime (though Im stuck on Mark's classes!)~I love their check in method, front desk is courteous~if you need to rent a mat, buy a drink, etc the desk can handle it~clean facility~well equipped,gorgeous locker room (especially compared to LVAC)~my fav-free rev osmosis water for all!!!On one of my visits, cirque de soleil performers were here in my class, and supposedly Forest Griffin goes there.If you've never done hot yoga before, I may warn you to read the whole website before coming there are very helpful tips such as: don't eat 3 hrs before a class and don't drink too much water while in class (you may throw up), come to class clean(all perfumes/hairsprays make people nauseous and it will be in your eyes as well), only bring to class what they say,everything else is not necessary.AND abide by the yoga room etiquette rules...so rude when people leave,says the staff, but I kinda don't care. Id rather people leave if they have to fart!! LOL the room is hot and stinkin enough.Don't forget your towel for on top of your yoga mat,it will be soaked from all the sweat off you!Finally, how I felt after I left= My first class ended at 9pm. I walked outside with my drink and it felt cold outside to my skin, at 100 degrees!! I had to drive with my windows up on the freeway. I felt like I was flying high,almost drunk from the experience. My second day wasn't as surreal, but maybe it's because I need to do another 90 min class instead of a 60!
2	I used to love this studio.  It's very pretty, some of the instructors are good, and they do all seem to really care.  What dropped this down to a 2 star review for me is the scheduling.  Yes, they offer tons of classes.  So how is it I can never seem to get to the class or instructor I want?  I'll rearrange my week (I schedule my time down to the hour), only to find the schedule changed after I figure everything out.  Also, some of the instructors are fantastic, but a couple of the best ones have left, leaving some who's classes I prefer to avoid.  If anyone knows where Dominique went, please let me know!!What finally pushed me over the edge is the cancelling of the kettlebell and Zumba classes for 3 months.  Those are my favorite classes, especially with it being so hot out.  I really don't care to do hot pilates or yoga during the summer.  Now I've got this monthly fee for a membership that has no value to me.  I really wish I had just bought a 10 class pass or something like that.  Also, depending on the time you go, the classes are SUPER crowded.  These guys run groupons like crazy, so you get lots of beginners packing it in.  If you're looking for individual attention or to avoid getting someone else's sweat on you, you're probably out of luck.  Bottom line - do not sign up for the annual membership.  The studio, schedule, and instructors you see now will not be the same in 6 months or a year.  Go with a monthly or drop in rate, so if you become dissatisfied you can easily cut your losses.
5	Bought the Groupon to give Hot Yoga a try, and I absolutely loved it!  They have such a variety of classes and times that you will be able to find a class that works with your schedule.  If you have the chance to stop by here for their free week for new customers, or catch the Groupon deal...try it out!  You won't be disappointed.  As others have recommended, read the tips/tricks they list o their website before going and try to have ice water with you if you can.  I only went for the 30 days, but even in that short amount of time I noticed a difference!  I highly recommend trying some of the 90 minute classes (baptiste), you feel like a new person when you walk out of there...such a sense of calmness and accomplishment.
3	Love the concept of pilates meets yoga in the 90 minute class! I workout often but this class gave me a good sore all over. A couple negatives...I rented a mat and it kind of smelled bad. There was no music during the regular yoga class and I prefer tunes to go with my poses.
4	This yoga studio has a ton of classes.  Unless you have a really bizarre or super busy schedule, you'll always be able to make a class.  The variety of classes is also great and not all of them are 90 minutes, which is nice.  I highly recommend hot pilates (60 minutes) or Vegas Hot 90X (60 minutes of hot pilates, 30 minutes of yoga).  I took advantage of a groupon which gave me 60 days unlimited for $45. Groupons are for new customers only.  They are good about taking the groupon and don't single you out in any way because you are a Groupon customer.All hot yoga/bikram studios should have their flooring.  It looks like a bunch of rubber bands.  It doesn't smell bad and is never wet, even when a class just sweated all over the place.  So much better than carpet.  A little tough on the feet, but stay on your mat and you should be fine.The check in system is pretty cool.  They give you a little plastic card for your keychain with a barcode.  You scan that everytime you come in and then select the class you want on the screen.  Then you need to sign in on a sign in sheet as well (for liability reasons?).  They have free water from a dispenser, which is nice. Just bring your own bottle. This probably should be a requirement in all of these hot yoga studios.  You don't want someone passing out because they didn't want to pay $2.50 for a bottled water or a monthly fee for "water service." Classes can get pretty crowded in the evenings. Mornings are much better.  They play music in a lot of the classes or before and after the classes, which is different.  Some of the music is pretty strange. I swear I heard a rock version of Hare Krishna.  The clients are pretty noisy, especially in the evenings, so don't expect a peaceful environment.  It's like a crowded coffeeshop before and after class with all the chattering.The instructors don't really get on your case if you have to skip a pose or exercise.  They encourage the class in general, say inspirational things, and given one-on-one corrections as needed.  But they don't get in your face, which I appreciate.They use some poses that are similar to Bikram but for the most part it is a lot of dog poses.  Make sure you know your basic poses and what they are called.  They have you do them over and over again and again.  And they don't really walk you through it.  They expect you to know down dog, up dog, child's pose, etc. without explaining it.  You can always look around and copy someone, but sometimes your neighbor will be just as confused as you.  Between the locker rooms, there is a box with different slots for tips for the different yoga instructors.  I've never seen such a thing in my life and I'm not sure what to make of it.  I only tipped a few bucks if the class was amazing.  You can also tip online so they are definitely big on the tipping thing.The locker room is a decent size with nice showers.  Still not big enough to handle the onslaught after a crowded class, but still. They have blow dryers and a vanity area to use.  And three restrooms! Hallelujah!  Most yoga studios only have one.It's pretty far from my house and pretty expensive without a groupon so I'm not sure I can make it consistently.  Another issue is that there is always some drama going on.  If you want to keep up with it, follow the yoga studio on Facebook.  Every so often an employee will freak out, post something on Facebook, get all the followers and clients riled up, then apologize.  Or just quit.  They lost a bunch of good instructors recently.  Plus they keep changing the schedule so check the schedule online before you go.  This was the main reason for freakouts.Parking and entrance are located in the back.  They did offer kettlebells and Zumba (not hot, thankfully) but those classes are suspended until October while they redo the room.
2	As a heads up, I have been practicing yoga for 7 years now. In San Diego I was fortunate enough to have some really great teachers. They were smart and passionate about practicing safe yoga and big on education. So I have high expectations when it comes to yoga. This studio saddens me, because they have such a good monthly rate compared to other studios and a great idea for a tip box for each instructor, which I didn't use because I was far from impressed by the quality of insructors and that mainly comes from the level of education given to the instructors seems to be low. The biggest indicator that the instructor don't know what they are doing is when u r in their yin classes w all lights out, fake candles, and ur instructor has her cell phone out as a flashlight over a book and is reading it to you. Obviously she has no clue what she is doing and would be the last person I want telling me what to do and adjusting me. Another note on the yin classes: it's just the slowest version of their yoga flow. Now as for their series of postures, as a new student to venus 90 the instructor assured me that the class was just like bikram. It's not, it's bikram/ashtanga/Hatha mixed in w some kundalini breathing. Further the series is hard on ur lower back. Several transitions require ur hands over head when bending over and coming back, the three times I took the class my shavasana had to be done w knees up because of the pain in my low back. And there is little guidance given for the poses and this is magnified by the fact that they have given different names to poses then what I have learned from my ashtanga and hatha practices. At one point I think we supposed to be doing side angle from warrior 2 but the instructor called it trikonasana (triangle pose) in two different classes while not telling us whether the front knee should be bent or straight and everyone's knee was bent. The instructors need some serious education on which poses are which and which and how to guide students properly to avoid unnessacary injury and discomfort. Further education on the body and yoga needs to be done here, because the instuctors have no clue what the benefits of the postures are, they suggest no modifications for those having a hard time, they don't correct poor posture, and their minimal guidance for confusing poses needs to be addressed. As for the temperature, it seems the only classes for intermediate students is blazing hot. Don't get me wrong I like a good hot class about once in a while, but I don't believe daily hot yoga practice is healthy. The only non-heated options appear to be yin which is nice and a self-guided ashtanga class, based on their version of ashtanga. But thank u very much, I can guide myself at home through the ashtanga series. Sorry but I think Vegas hot yoga has poorly trained instructors. I did give this place one extra star because I met an upbeat instructor and one who seemed really knowledgeable.  But the really knowledgeable one was unfortunately chained to their series, which she even said she did not like.    Ohhhh and one last thing. This note is for men only! Please go out and buy yourself a pair of long shorts, preferably something like swimming trunks before taking these classes. It is absolutely disgusting to look at ur male neighbor's short running/athletic shorts rolled up to ur groin and think u might see more than anyone would see at thunder from down under. Please cover up rather than going naked, dry wick material controls the sweat way better than ur nakedness and helps ur neighbor keep their lunch down, thanks.
5	I LOVE Vegas Hot!  It's super convenient and most of the instructors are great.  Prices are reasonable (compared to other yoga studios) and the studio is always clean.  Everyone is super nice.  This place has a positive impact on my life!The studio flooring is amazingly comfortable under your yoga mat, which looks like one giant rubber band coiled all over the floor.  Nice locker room complete with showers and hair dryers.  The lockers are a little small though because my yoga mat and bag won't fit in a locker.  Each member receives a key chain fob with barcode that you use to scan into the computer upon entering the lobby.  Free water coolers.  Yummy coconut water is for sale at the front desk.I love the 90 minute Mars Power Vinyasa with Susan Holmes.  Her teaching style is effortlessly delightful and deceptively difficult at the same time.  Any class with Cristin Bartles is fantastic because of her amazing energy and extremely pleasant and soothing voice.  The 75 minute Earth flow with Dana McCollough is challenging yet fun because of her awesome personality.  I just took the 90 minute Venus class with Jacky Pagone for the first time this past Saturday and I really like her as well.  I love Greg Holmes teaching style too because he is very kind and encouraging. I started going in April because of a Groupon and immediately joined at the end of my 30 day Groupon, which is one of the best decisions I've made this year.  I was bored with traditional gym workouts with weights and cardio and this was just the change I needed.  My mind is completely engaged throughout the entire session.  I walk out absolutely drenched in sweat looking like I just hopped out of a pool, but completely refreshed and recharged.My only complaint is that recently a lot of classes are no longer offered and Zeeky Vincent, who is one of the BEST yoga instructors is no longer there!  Please bring Zeeky and his Baptiste class back!!!They offer massage services as well.  I highly recommend Helaman.  His prices are shockingly great and he is one of the very BEST massage therapists that I've ever visited.
3	I went back to here to try to take a Kettlebell and Hot Pilates class (taught by Martin and Gabriella) only to find out that they had removed these instructors and their specific classes from the schedule.  I was so disappointed, and have yet to be able to attend any of the newer instructor's classes.
4	This place makes me happy. It's not perfect. There is a wide range of instructors, some not so good. It's been known to smell like a sweaty sock that has been worn over and over again and never washed. I'm not just talking about the heated studios, this goes for the showers/locker rooms as well. But if you can weed out the less than desirable teachers and learn to embrace the smell as the aroma of positive physical and mental change then this place will make you happy too. There is a wide array of classes ranging from beginner to advanced and from varying lengths of time from 60 minutes to 2 hours. The temperature for the different classes ranges from 95 degrees to 105 degrees. In addition to Yoga and Pilates they have started offering Zumba again on Monday and Wednesday. I haven't tried the Zumba yet but I've only been taking classes for just under 2 weeks. Classes start at 5:30 am through the week and 7:00 am on the weekends. The last class of the day starts anywhere from 7:00 pm to 9:30 pm depending on the day of the week.I purchased a groupon for 30 days of unlimited classes for $30. They also offer a one hour "new client tour" everyday. Taking this tour will get you a free week of classes so you can try it out before you commit to a membership. I have taken the Venus 60 minute class in 105 degrees with 40% humidity  6 times. I can already tell a big difference in my poses and flexibility and I am no newbie. I have been practicing yoga for 3 years, just not in this type of heated environment. The heat really helps to loosen up the body and take the full expression of the poses. I took my first 60 minutes Pilates class in 100 degree heat yesterday and I can tell you that as I sit here, sedentary at my desk, typing this review, I can feel the effects. Today will be a good day for a break. Challenge yourself. Namaste.
2	I really wanted to like Vegas Hot! Yoga & Pilates Studio.  They have a ton of classes but somehow I never can find one that fits my schedule.  As Rebecca R. said If you want to go early in the morning or later in the evening you should be good but with my schedule it's impossible to find afternoon class that will work for me.  Also, beware they are very strict about their late entry policy, I was 2 minutes late once (Boo!!  Vegas traffic) and I was not allowed to join the class.  Sad times, I wish the girl at the desk would've been a little less rude about letting me know I was late.  I was just trying to get my workout on.Between the class schedule not fitting with mine and and the studio being across town from the condo, I am definitely looking for another place to do yoga.  Also, as another Yelper said, the studio can smell like dirty gym socks sometimes.
5	The teachers are helpful, super in shape, and amazingly motivating.It is HAWT as Hades in here so be prepared.  I leave feeling like a new person!loves it!
4	Really close to where I live. Instructors are always nice and there to help. Prices...well not cheap, but if you go enough times then worth it big time! Also, if you do go a few times a week and do the work, you will see results.
4	I love this place and I wish I could give it a five. I love the variety offered here. I can do yoga one day and pilates or spin the next day. Some of the teachers are phenomenal. Ivorie is new there but after taking her class you feel so relaxed and ready to start a great day. There are a few problems. There is only one location and it happens to be pretty far from my house. So to take the shortest class (60 minutes) I end up taking 2 hours of my day (you are supposed to arrive at least 15 mins prior to the start of yoga classes). Also, the classes are getting PACKED. Expect to be practicing practically on top of the people next to you. Parking is pretty full and the lockers room are also packed. Most of the lockers are busted too. Also, they told me they steam clean the rooms twice a week. I would much rather they cleaned it at least everyday! If they opened at least on more location and invested some money into fixing the place up I would give it a five. Bottom line- it's the best studio of this type in Las Vegas.
4	Recently activated a soon to be expired Groupon here and I wish I had done it sooner.  I am already hooked.  So far I've tried kettle bells and hot Pilates.  The amount of classes they offer is insane and there is always something available.  My only complaint  would be the locker rooms need an update.  With the amount of people using the facilities all the lockers need to be in working condition.  I look forward to trying more classes here and plan on becoming a regular member once my Groupon expires!
5	Prepare for a great workout! The facility is clean, classes are held all day, and there are all levels of classes available.  Perfect for almost anybody, whether you are looking for a light workout or looking to really shed some weight.
2	Bought a coupon on Groupon... Read the fine print!!  To use the coupon you must attened a 40 min orientation, regardless if you have taken yoga classes before. I found this to be a little annoying. Showed up for class and found I couldn't use the groupon coupon until I did the orientation. I would have had to buy the $20 day pass to take the class I wanted. Ended up staying in the area for another hour and half to wait and do the orientation. Which was a total waste of 40 min of my life. Basics of orientation are as follows: 1) Don't be late  to class 2) Tip the instructor. Only plus side is you get a free week BEFORE you use the coupon. But really I just wanted to take a yoga class. By the time I got through the orientation I didn't have time to take a class that day. Oh well. Leason learned. Read the fine print.
4	I've never been to a Yoga facility before and I must say, this place is pretty impressive.  I took the free tour, which enabled me to get a week free.  The set up is really nice and they offer tons of classes throughout the day (starting as early as 6 am from what I recall).   Pros:   *  Very clean facility with different classes for all levels of Yogis   *  Helpful instructor   *  Free purified water (you're gonna need it!)   *  tons of different payment options for memberships and different budgets. Cons:   *  Though my instructor was really nice, the guy behind the register was rude   *  Classes can get really packed   *  Parking lot sucks!!Overall:   It's a really nice place that has an upstairs and downstairs.  It's definitely not cheap to join, but they do offer different payment options that cater to different budgets.  The locker rooms also seemed very well-maintained and surprisingly the rooms did not smell.  I know they have some special type of flooring, which helps absorb the moisture.  Tips:  *  If you are looking for Bikram, this is not the place.  This place used to be a Bikram certified institute, but since it decided to offer more variety it classes, they are no longer Bikram accredited.  Not a bad thing at all though.  I guess to hold the certification, a facility can only have Bikram classes.  *  Bring water, towel, and a yoga mat.  They have yoga mats for rent, but even with the free weeks membership, you'll save money by purchasing a Yoga mat for 10 bucks at Ross.  *  Get there early.  They are not suppose to allow late arrivals into the classroom and parking is a real pain.  *  Sign up for their free tour to get your week free membership.    *  You get another free week on your birthday so make sure to put down that info when filing out your paperwork for the free tour.
5	I LOVE this studio!  The classes are clean, the rooms don't smell bad like at some other hot yoga studios and the teachers are great.  I've been able to practice several different types of classes and I love how I feel once I leave.  I will definitely recommend this to anyone looking for a place to do yoga
5	I just came back from a 90-minute Yin hot yoga class. And I think it's time to bump up my star rating for this place. There are several reasons.- They now have a barcode scan card for each client. When you want to go to a class, simply show up, scan your card and pick the session you want on the touchscreen. Strangely, you still have to sign in on a clipboard. Not sure what's up with that.- Their hot yoga rooms feature some sort of plastic and/or rubber compound. I mentioned this in my original review. It just seems more sanitary than the Bikram-mandated carpet. Yeah, Bikram is a wacko.- They have a wide variety of classes. My first time was more than a year ago and I took the Venus hot yoga class. That one is similar to the Bikram that I had tried before. Today, the Yin class was much more focused on stretching. In fact, the entire 90 minutes was spent on the ground. Tomorrow, I hope to try their kettlebells class (room temperature). They also have hot pilates and a bunch of other types of yoga. Now that's variety.- They have an amazingly flexible trial offer. I bought a Groupon some time last year (I want to say almost a year ago). I finally came in to redeem it right before it expired. To my surprise, I couldn't take a class right away. You have to go through a quick new client orientation. After that, you get one week free. And that doesn't start until you actually come back for your first class. Then, after that free week, my Groupon month begins.On the downside, it's still really expensive, at least in my eyes. But after today's class, I feel energized. Then again, the Yin class is very relaxing and not so intense. I guess I'll see how I feel after I get my butt kicked.5 stars regardless
4	I never intended to go to this studio at first. Infact, I was searching for a different studio that I had gotten a Groupon for but couldn't find that designated studio so I googled "yoga" and that lead me to Vegas Hot! I'm so greatful I stumbled upon this spot. The staff was so nice and everyone had a great sense of humor. I took the 6:30 "community" Pilates class on Sunday. It was only $5! The class was intense. I was dripping sweat and was exhuasted towards the end. The instructor was very upbeat, friendly and motivating. She played music from "Katie Perry" and "LMFAO" which was different because I'm used to hearing ambient types of song in those settings, but it actually helped because I used the beats of the songs to help find a rythm to work out to haha.The locker rooms were clean and they let you borrow a lock for the lockers (in exchange for your car keys, which you'll exchange back at the end of course). It was great experience. I'll be going back every week.
5	I love this place. I have been a member now for 2 years and I can honestly say I love coming to the classes. The rooms are hot so come prepared with water. The instructors rock and you can check it out for free for a week to decide if it is for you or not.
5	Groupon asked my friend and I to give this place a try, so we gave this studio a try! I am so glad we did!  It's located at a good location - relatively close to the freeway.  They offer a wide variety of classes.  Classes are offered every day at almost every hour.  They even have Ballroom Dancing!!!  Instructors - they are awesome!  I have not had one bad instructor, and there are many instructors!!!  If you feel like kicking it at yoga today, they have instructors for that.  Feel like getting your butts kicked, they definitely have instructors for that as well! Cleanliness - the classrooms themselves are relatively cleaner than other studios in town.  They use these microbial mats/carpets which doesn't stink!  (If you've been to hot yoga with carpets, you'd know what I mean - STINKY!)  Practicing hot yoga in a stinky room = no bueno. VegasHot also offers purified water for everyone to fill their bottles with, which is AWESOME to replenish your body with electrolytes.  Oh, did I mention it is FREE? Students are offered unbelievable rates, and one of the reason why they can offer such rate is because of their "tipping" system.  This is one way for students to show their appreciations for their instructors.  I have had plenty of offers to try other studios in town, but I honestly think I have found the studio I am willing to commit to!  And that's saying a lot.  Yay!
4	So I have to update my review.  Almost a year later and I'm back at at Vegas Hot!.   I just couldn't survive without Pilates and they had a killer promo going on.  The smell is definitely alot better and the desk staff is more friendly, wooohoo.    The majority of the instructors are great, there's a couple of new ones that just need a little time to get more comfortable with the class.   My only negative is that sometimes the classes are insanely crowded, I understand that Bikram doesn't limit the number of people in a class but good lord if someone's foot is invading my mat space and almost kicking me in the face that's a little crowded, don'tcha think?
5	I truly LOVE Vegas Hot!! I have tried a couple other hot yoga studios and Vegas Hot is by far my favorite! I love all the different types of classes they offer. I love mixing it up and Vegas Hot is perfect for that!! They have a wide variety of Quick and to the point classes & they also have longer classes. It just suits my ever changing crazy schedule perfectly! They are also very affordable and always offering a wide variety of money saving deals constantly.  I also prefer the flooring in the Vegas Hot rooms. I highly recommend Vegas Hot! They offer a free week just for you to try!
5	I absolutely love this place. I first discovered it via groupon. I am usually in Vegas 6 to 8 weeks every summer. This summer I wanted to do something different and healthy. I went in to use the groupon and was told if I take the newbie tour I would get one week free. I proceeded to take the tour and get the 1st week FREE!. I soaked it up for the 1st week then eventually went into using my groupon. This place is awesome. Most of the instructors that I experienced were top notch. I got more out the 6 weeks I was in Vegas this year than most years. I wished I have a hot yoga studio like this near me. I couldn't get enough of this place and I am already missing it since I have been home. Vegas Hot is a must for anyone doing yoga in Vegas!!!!
5	Vegas Hot! is the best place to get a great workout in all of Las Vegas. With all the hot yoga, hot pilates, kettlebell, barefoot bootcamp, and other classes they offer there is no reason to go anywhere else. All of the instructors are amazing. The front desk staff are always so nice. The owner, Dr. King Rollins, is such an awesome person, you can tell he wants the very best for all the students at the studio.The prices are the best! No really, you will not find any other place with the wonderful and different classes for the price they offer.Check it out and go get your sweat on!!-take Eliza's class and tell her eRae* sent you
5	This place is awesome! I only joined a month ago, but I have seen serious results in that time. I go 5-6 days a week and I have NEVER gone to any gym I have belonged to that frequently. I cancelled LVAC and don't miss it at all.  I purchased a Groupon and went in for the required tour, which is about 45 minutes and pretty informative. After the tour, they offer you a great monthly rate for one year  if you join on the spot, and you get a week that you can still cancel if you want to. So I just scrapped the Groupon and applied the cost to the first month's membership cost. I was really impressed with the variety of classes within the first week, and especially how frequently they offer them. I have a regular 9-5 schedule, so it's not that hard for me, but Mon-Thur they have classes all the way from 5:30am to 11pm and Fri-Sat-Sun from 6am-8pm so you really have no excuse not to go. The cost is incredibly low for what they offer and compared to other yoga or Bikram studios in the area.  The bathroom has plenty of space with 4 showers, 3 bathroom stalls and lockers-you can get locks for free if you trade your car keys for them. It does get a little crowded from 5pm-7pm weekdays, but so do most gyms. My favorite classes so far for a really good workout are Barefoot BootCamp 60 , Kettlebells 75,  VegasHOT Pilates & Yoga75X, and Hot Pilates 60. For more relaxation and meditation, I like Venus 75 and Yin 90. I haven't tried all the classes yet so I'm a little biased. So far for teachers, Martin, Eliza and Liz are my favorites.  Martin really kicks your ass and he's pretty funny. Also, Patrick that works the front desk frequently is super friendly and teaches some classes as well. If anything, at least buy the Groupon and try it out. You will get addicted!!!P.S. I recently hurt my back at work and went to Dr. King Rollins (the chiropractor who owns the studio) to check it out, and I had a great improvement immediately! First time ever going to a  chiropractor.  He is very friendly and knowledgeable. Bonus; he told me what classes I can still do while my back is healing. Great rates for VegasHOT! members too. Nothing bad to say, high energy staff, awesome variety of classes, affordable and 10 minutes within my house and work! LOVE IT :)
5	ok so it has been a month now since i have been going to this yoga place and i actually love it. the place is clean with those really weird looking carpet they have, the bathrooms aren't dirty, and alot of the teachers are really amazing. my faves are Liz, Eliza, Daniella, Amelia, and Mark. they equally all have made me feel very motivated to keep going with the postures even though it shows how much i wanted to give up. so far i lost 10lbs and i definitely look much leaner than last month :D i swear, you guys should definitely try this place, they have a free week tour where u just show up and get a free week to see if its for u. the front desk are really friendly too except for that asian girl in the front, she's polite but she never greets nor smile much unlike the other guys do. and oh yeah, the people who takes the classes are very friendly too, some of em have encouraged me to keep going. this is the only place where i have been going to consistently everyday because it's sooooo addicting :D love it!
4	I first started going to this place because of a Groupon. I thought the "new member tour" was required so I signed up for it and was COMPLETELY turned off by the heavy sales pitch. I was very close to just scrapping the whole thing and chalking up the $20 Groupon as a loss - I felt like I was being sold a used car. But, I decided to give it a chance because the thought of going to LVAC again made me want to vomit.So, I took a Barefoot Bootcamp class first and was in love. I have since attended many other classes and I have to say that the cleanliness, quality of instructors, and variety of classes and times really make this place worth it. They're running a special right now for $399 for a year of unlimited classes, which is only $10 more a month than what I was paying for LVAC.Now for the reason it gets 4 stars instead of 5... the front desk people are absolutely awful (with the exception of Patrick, who is also an instructor). I mean, they are horrendous. There is a huge disconnect between the passion and enthusiasm that the instructors have and the "I'm just here to earn a paycheck" attitude of the front desk staff. I have never once been engaged upon walking in (unless Patrick is there) and when I did sign up (mind you, handing over FOUR HUNDRED dollars for the membership), the girl acted as if I was an inconvenience. Really unacceptable service. They are lucky that the instructors more than make up for the terrible front desk service but I wonder how much business they lose because people are turned off by the bad service (and the used car sales pitch during the "tour").All in all, I have started seeing changes in my body so I am committed. If we can just get some guest service training for those front desk folks, I'll give this place 5 stars all day long!
5	Vegas Hot is AMAZING! You love it and hate it all at the same time. But you will never regret taking a class because you will feel so amazing afterwards. And I've only taken two classes because I live in LA. :( I need Vegas Hot to open in LA, ASAP!!! If you haven't tried this place you MUST! Once you do you'll be addicted. :)
5	best place everrrrrr--- amazing instructors, great class offerings at all hours of the day, love love love!
4	amazing!  wish we had one of these back in oakland.  great variety of classes and fantastic schedule - seriously, there are options from 5 am till almost midnight so you always find something that works.  i mostly stick to the "venus" (bikram-esque) classes, but have tried the yin class too and it was a nice way to mellow out.  so far all the instructors have been friendly and helpful.minus one since the regular class price ($20 drop in) is expensive - but if you get a groupon or are local and can commit to the unlimited memberships, it is worth it!
4	I NEVER thought I would say I like hot pilates but, I do.  I have been doing pilates for 2 years and just activated my about to expire Groupon at VH, a little hesitant to do it but I am glad I did.  I am considering buying a membership; however, I really would love to see them add some TRX training to those new downstairs rooms they are putting in.... then I would be in for sure!  So far all of the instructors are very positive and helpful, I really like Lisa, Maria and Liz's classes.  Amazing that I can burn 550-600 calories in a one hour class... I walk out of there dripping from head to toe but feel great.
4	I started going after my coworkers told me about the the free week long trial they have for new clients and I've been a fan since then. They usually offer some great groupon deals too but they are mostly for new clients. The facility is so clean it's unbelievable. And unlike some other hot yoga places (I won't name names...) it does NOT smell like sweaty feet and crack juice. They have a ton of class times to choose from which is really nice for people who can't get over to the area all the time. They have different rooms at different temperatures so you can choose which level you feel more comfortable with.I will openly admit that my teacher's workout kicked my butt. At one point she literally said "I'm not here to lose weight, I'm not fat, you are." And some might take that as an insult but she wasn't lying! She had the body that we were all there to try and achieve. Most of us were even more motivated because she was honest and would praise us when we were actually doing well. All the teachers are going to have a different style so find the one that suits you.Give it a try, the only thing you have to lose is some weight.
3	Its pricey. Its shiny. Some great instructors. But I don't like the overall mentality feeling of the studio as a whole.
5	I live in Washington State and come to Las Vegas to visit my family. I love going to Vegas Hot and taking Vanessa Smith's Venus and Hot Pilates classes. A much needed workout and long overdue stretch was exactly what i needed today! Thank you Vanessa and Thank You Vegas Hot for making your various WONDERFUL classes available to a multitude of different schedules!!
3	Yoga?...Yes please!  Check out the Yelp Check-in offer!I am a yoga snob.  I have not been to most of the classes here, but Jennifer Pierotti teaches Ashtanga / Mysore here Monday - Thursday at 4pm and she is an absolutely wonderful teacher...one of the true elites in the Vegas area!  Come here for her alone and you'll be satisfied!Most of the other classes seem to have the mass-market appeal with less than elite teachers...this is fine for starting out or for a set pattern class I guess, but it's not where I want my home studio to be. The space is nice at Vegas Hot, and there are a lot of classes going on here!  Yoga, Pilates, Kettlebells, Boot Camp, and more.
1	Walmart Yoga Studio!Good variety of classes going all day long. - that's the only plus in my eyes.   Before you ever take a class they force you to go on a new member orientation which is really an attempt to push a membership down your throat, hard sales pitch.   I guess this is smart on their end b/c once you have tried them out for the free week you probably won't want to continue.  Here is my list of deal breakers:   *  not enough parking - have to park three streets down and hike in the dark   *  Locker room is way too small - good luck finding a locker or having room to         change    * I don't know about these other reviews, but the facility is NOT super clean    * Classes are packed.  head to foot can't even fully extend w/o hitting the person         next to you    * classes are excessively hot to the point you actually feel sick and I have taken hot      yoga before so the concept is not new to me.    * they pay the instructor dirt cheap rates so they expect you to tip them to make up       for it.All in All this place has the quantity not quality mentality.  They hit around 800 members a day and cram you in like cattle.  The studio is also building another room and trying to get you in to offset this cost.  the crowding issues will only get worse.  They sign new members constantly and can't accommodate the mass numbers of people coming in.  ON the new member sales tour they even admit to Wal-marting the competition.   Don't be lured by the dirt cheap price b/c even $300 a year to a place you are not happy with is not a good deal.
5	I started going here after a couple of my friends kept telling me how great this place was.  I was a little hesitant because I knew absolutely nothing about yoga. But I decided to give it a try anyways.  The instructors are very helpful to novices like myself. The heat is a little overwhelming the first class or two, but you do get used to it eventually. By the time the class is over I am dripping from head to toe, like I just got done swiming and I feel so good afterwards. I'm so glad I decided to try something new.
4	When I first heard about it from my roommate, I thought it was going to be kind of boring, no variety, and I wouldn't find it as active as LA Boxing. I bought the Groupon and the first class I tried was the Hot Pilates & Yoga 75 and I loved it. The instructor was great- I believe her name was Danielle. I loved the morning classes because it was a great way to start the morning. Other classes I have tried are Venus 75, Yin, and Hot PIlates 60- all worth going to. Yin was very relaxing but really long- it's a 90 minute class. Hot Pilates 60 was a little too fast paced for me. Venus 75 really focuses on the proper technique for poses. Although I really enjoy taking the classes, the membership for me was a little too expensive. It's a great deal when you compare it to all of the other Hot Pilates/Yoga studios but not if you don't plan on going at least three times a week. For instructors, I would suggest Danielle, Eliza, and Mark :) Have fun sweating it out!
4	Want to know a little secret about me? I can't touch my toes. I am the most un-flexible person that I know. My chiropractor told me at 13 that I have the flexibility of a 60 year old man. For me to bend down and touch my toes is a near impossible task so I figure bending through various yoga poses while looking cool as a pretzel wouldn't happen in this lifetime. So why in the world do I have a membership here? Because I want to lose flab. I want to look long and lean and be a powerhouse machine. I know plenty of people that can attest to the fact that hot yoga has changed their life physically and mentally. I purchased a Groupon for VH! a while ago, but didn't have the time to commit going to classes on a regular basis. The day before my Groupon expired, I took the plunge and attended their 30 minute tour. If you attend the tour, they'll give you 1 week worth of unlimited classes for free! If you decide to commit to VH! on tour day, they'll give you their special rate of $49/month. The first class I went to was their Venus 75. It's a set of yoga poses taught in a 105 degrees room at 40% humidity. I would say I am the yoga beginner of all beginners and am proud to say I made it to the end. Bring a couple bottles of water with you. You'll profusely sweat and it might a good idea to keep hydrated while in the room. A good friend of mine lost a crap ton of weight as a VH! member. Although she attends the hot yoga classes, she credits her weight loss to the kettlebell classes they offer. She convinced me to try out a kettlebell class. I walked in and the class was full of buff men and toned women. The fatty within me wanted to cry and run out to my car and drive to LVAC where I'd fit in.Martin was the kettlebell instructor on my first day. He's an amazing instructor for he is super motivating. While he led the advanced kettlebellers for the hour, he also grouped the newbies together and led us as well. He quickly pointed out the flaws in our technique so we won't be prone to injury. He demonstrated how certain moves are done and did them with us. Kettlebell ain't no joke. I was sore throughout my body over the next couple days. But this kettlebell thing is quite addicting. Even after a few classes, I felt stronger and toned. Parking here is horrendous during the early evenings. I don't even bother with their parking lot and just go straight to the empty business parking lot across the street. They post their schedule with the name of the instructor online. Their membership cards are made so that you can hang it on your keyring. Overall, this place is pretty awesome. If you want to go on Mission Skinny like me, I suggest you try this place out.
1	Too crowded,  no parking,  pushy salesperson.I'm pretty fit and thought I would try yoga at Hot vegas,  since they offer so many classes at different times of the day. I bought a Groupon to try it out without having to commit.  Before u take a class there's a mandatory 45 minute sales pitch.  $399 yearly,  if u buy now,  they tell u its for a limited time but from reading reviews apparently the limited time is a few years now.  The classes are over crowded,  u must show up really early to get a spot on the floor.  Yogis can be very aggressive if you "take"  their usual spot on the floor,  i was badgered by one who said that the spot I was in,  is his and his partners spot. He wanted me to move.  Hey first come first serve buddy. So all class long he kept invading my space. It's barefoot  so bring flip flops,  make sure yours are distinct,  mine were accidentally taken by a guy who mistook my women's size 6.5 for his men's size 10. I had to chase him down,  luckily he was in line for drinking water.  He really thought these were his flip flops. I have 10 visits on my Groupon that I'm just going to give up on.  I guess they count on new members to be discouraged and not return,  by the way no refunds. All in all horrible experience,  those who say they come here cause they hate 24 hour fitness or Lvac, what r they talking about its the same situation,  you might not have to wait  for a machine but you just won't get a spot on the floor.
1	This is the ENRON of Yoga.  Probably the worst company in the industry.Show up 15 min EARLY or your miss the class you ALREADY SIGNED IN FOR!!! WTF!!!I work for a living, I can't drive an hour each day to a yoga class THAT I ALREADY PAID FOR and ALREADY SIGNED INTO to have it overbooked.  Maybe if I was unemployed and could sit around all day.  What a rip off.What a poorly managed yoga studio, there's an online sign in that DOES NOT WORK and it's totally useless since it doesn't reserve you a spot.You seriously have to tip toe between mats since they like to cram more people than legally allowed than the fire occupancy code.  My guess is that the yoga instructor pay sucks, so since it is tip based the instructors also have an incentive to pack you in their classes.  DO NOT tip when it's packed.Hey Ladies, do you like dark creepy unlit roads?  You get to park on some dirt / gravel road since Vegas Hot Yoga not only has insufficient mat space in each class but they don't even have enough parking so you get to park on some creepy road.I want to a refund, this place sucks, oh and I called the owner but guess what? His voice mailbox is full, probably from other angry customers.
3	I love the 75 mins Vegas hot75x, , not too short and not too long just perfect !!! But I wish they can do something about controlling the numbers in each classes, more than 50 people in one room just way too many .... I went to the class today and I barely could stretch my arms and legs because the class was too full!!! I still like the instructor and the class only if it's not too many people!!!!
4	So let's address what everyone's already lamented about.  Yes, the parking is terrible as they only have a small lot (although there's empty desert behind them I'm absolutely positive they could turn into additional parking space). Yes, the online class registering thing doesn't work all the time, and yes, just because you "sign up" online doesn't mean you are reserved a spot in the class (honestly, just get here a tad early and set up your mat to save your spot. I mean, the class schedules are posted online for the whole week, I'm sure you can plan your time accordingly to get to class on time).  Yes, the classes are incredibly full sometimes and yes, the instructors have a small base pay but rely heavily on tips from clients.Now that that's out of the way, the classes are AWESOME.  So far, I've done the Venus 60 (hot yoga in a 104 degree room at 40% humidity for 60 minutes) and Kettlebell (swinging around 8kg+ bells plus yoga and working out for 60 minutes) a couple times.  And you know what? I can feel and see results.  And isn't that what working out is all about? Results.  Getting fit.  Looking better.  Feeling better.  I'm starting to get all of the above from coming here and I'm grateful.The instructors are very knowledgeable about the art they're teaching and they understand there are a variety of skill levels in each class.  They offer modified moves, address beginners separately, and most of all, they don't judge.  As a new member, I never felt judged or belittled for not being able to do certain moves or not knowing what I'm doing.  In the kettlebell class, they separate the beginners from the advanced folks and teach the beginners how to perform the moves safely and correctly to maximize your workout while staying safe.  And this class kicks my butt every time.  I can't wait to one day be on the advanced side!Aside from the flaws of this place, the classes offer great opportunities for improving your health and body.  I feel great every time I leave a workout here, and that's what really matters to me at the end of the day.
5	So I came here for the yoga but stayed for the Pilates! I love Diana and Danielle! I love how the have classes that are only and hour because 1.5 hours is to long for me and I end up not going back! I stumped on this place when I bought a group on for it when I first moved the town almost two years ago and have been coming back ever since
2	Clases are great,instrutors are great. That said the real problems with the experience need to be addressed. The parking and class size are both a tremendous problem. If everyone is aware of these problems (managment /owner) then maybe you need to address the concerns of your members,however you are not ,what you are doing is still trying to get more members hence the everpresent Groupons and Living Social deals. I have opted not  to get a year membership because of the parking and class size. When you cannot spread your arms because they end up in someones face, chances are the class is to full. When you have anxiety about parking and getting a place for your mat without entering the class to early and pissing off another member its just not worth the hassle. The whole experience should be enjoyable and clealry the parking and class size prevent this.
5	This hot Pilates class is hardcore! Haha! The instructors are amazing and I felt amazing afterwards. I am a fan and will be returning. Highly recommended!
1	The next pose is smell the feet of the person in front, then next pose  - touch your neighbor's sweaty palms, then next one, have someone's sweat get on your body, your face... And more yucky poses because they try to squeeze 75 people in a tiny room. I used to like this place but now I don't go there that often. They should open up more classes and rooms. If you go to this studio, you will find studio rooms empty downstairs because they try to squeeze too many people in a small space. I don't recommend this place anymore.
5	This is the best Yoga&Pilates place in town! It's $50/month, with a one year contract, or $400 per year, so had to get the $400 deal! I love the Kettlebells 60 class with Cristina Osorio, really entertaining and engaging in the same time, don't even know when those 60 minutes have passed. The next class has to be Venus 75, its a great class after a workout, there's no better way to stretch and relax than this class! Also, after class, don't forget to stop by the vegetarian restaurant, downstairs, you also receive a 10% discount if you go after class!Forget LVAC, this is the place to be!
5	What a place.  So many different classes to take.  Hot Pilate's will Kick Your ASS!It gets crazy busy, but its crazy good!  Theres also a raw/juice bar downstairs!
5	I. LOVE. VEGAS. HOT!I'm the very person that would never go to the gym or "hate running.." I just figured, "I'm good at my weight" blah blah as I've never been over 100 lbs. Lets face it, the older I (we) get, the harder it is to keep the metabolism up.My boyfriend had raved to me about how much weight he lost at VH! and I was curious to know what the big deal was. And since it was a new year (2013), I figured I'd be one of those "New Year's Resolution" people. ***This mind you is a New Year's Resolution that I've, actually, kept up with***I came on my day off hoping to take a class. I forgot how much I paid but, I took a Venus 60 class, which is bikram (hot yoga). And although the heat was more than I expected, I fell in love. I was already flexible and I loved the stretches. More so, I loved the feeling I felt after class. I was more energized, excited, and eager for my day. And unlike how I feel at a "normal gym," I didn't feel like I was being watched or judged by anyone in class. Instructors always say: "This is your class, your time. Focus on your breathing and not on the person next to you." ----- That works! lolI decided to take a tour the next day and loved the initial class that I took up their offer of $399 a year. This way, there was no getting out of it. HahaAfter about a month of Venus 60, my boyfriend's friend, TYNA TSAI, convinced me to take her hot Pilates class. I was intimidated because all I could think of was Jennifer Aniston type girls in class. But, it wasn't like that at all. It was like Venus 60 but, more cardio, core, strength moves.Hot Pilates has transformed my body. Not in a skinny-bone-jones kinda way but, in a fit-toned-amazing-way that I never thought possible.Coming here for the last 4 months (already) has changed me and my perspective on life, exercise, body. Cheesy as it sounds; it's made me more aware of my being. It has made me wanna do better and be better. I even eat better. Granted, I get my donuts or ice cream post-class whenever I crave it.Favorite instructors that I try not to miss are: Cristin Bartles, Martin Hinton, Eddie, and Tyna Tsai. I love their overall vibe and positivity when teaching. Always makes me wanna push myself harder and do better each day.Martin and Tyna have amazing hip hop/rap music to Pilates to. Oddly enough, 2Chainz makes me wanna do more mountain climbers....go figure!And yah, parking sucks sometimes (especially after 6pm M-F) but, this is why I always leave a half hour from where I am. And sure, it gets packed in the rooms; but, I kinda like it....makes me feel the unity and energy from the whole room trying their best.I'm a believer in the Yoga Life/Pilates Life.
5	I have a 24 Hour Fitness membership and I used to think I lost weight from the group exercise classes. My co-worker actually introduced me to Vegas Hot and since then I've been trying to go every day with the exception of missing one or two days here and there, but so far I have consistently been going everyday since 03-27-2013 I only recently took a break over this past weekend. In about a months time I'm noticing how I am losing weight and gaining muscle. I really feel like taking up yoga/pilates/yin/kettlebells etc classes are helping me out and also help me to forget the craziness of life and take a moment for myself.If I had to pick my two favorite instructors it would be Martin Hinton and Cristina Osorio. Martin is a very inspirational and motivating instructor. I love his class, always a challenge and his words at the very end are moving. While you're in the class he will always guide you to help you out in class and always speak such moving words and in the end it helps you push you further to surpass what you thought you could handle.Cristina is an awesome instructor and may I add she plays awesome music. That girl has really good taste in music from Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeroes to the Yeah Yeah Yeahs, Bonobo etc. She's also very quirky during the classes. She's a great instructor for pilates, bootcamp and kettlebells. I always end up of finding myself laughing here and there through the class because of her jokes. All in all, great facility. The parking is a drag and I hate having to fight traffic to get there to not find any parking, but all in all its still a good hot yoga facility.The overcrowdedness of the classes is sometimes a bit extreme, but think about it...those 75 people in the room are all there for a reason...vegas hot is awesome ! I really didn't believe my friend when she said hot yoga really impacts the mind, body and spirit...but it really does. Yoga really helps to calm me down especially when I'm in a bad mood or frustrated with something I just go to hot yoga and do me!
5	I used to hate exercising but then I found Vegas Hot! I actually really enjoy the classes here and I feel good after every class. I mostly take the hot Pilates 60 min class, it gives you a full body work out, which I need, in only an hour! All of the teachers are so nice and motivating. ummmm and 49$ a month? Cheaper than all other studios and better than going to the gym. Other good things about this place: they have free reverse osmosis water upstairs for when you're done with class, a raw vegan restaurant downstairs that you can preorder from and they'll have it ready when your class is done. Awesome! Ive only been going for about a month and have lost almost 10 pounds! I got my boyfriend to start coming with me too and he loves it! Now were more active and its something fun we can do together. The rooms are pretty crowded most of the time but hey, that just means that a lot of people like the classes too and i don't have a problem with that!
5	Great instructurs, an extremely flexible schedule, and boy do you really get your sweat on through any work out in this studio.I think its fairly cheap to join, and if you wanna give it a try, do the tour and get a week free! I like how its close to Fresh Mama too so you can hydrate and eat fresh raw food after your workout!BUt, come to class early to get the good spots in the room, and to get parking which could be real difficult to find especially after corporate work hours.
5	Love this place! It's huge! I did the hot Pilates boot camp with Danielle and she's awesome! They also have Fresh Mamas downstairs which I go to for their twisted mint dragon smoothie..a MUST!!
5	I'm giving this place a 5 despite the fact that they aren't really big enough (yet) to handle all the people who want to work out after 5pm. I love this studio, I gladly forked up the cash for an entire year's worth of classes. I've gone to three other bikram studios in Vegas and so far this was the only one with instructors friendly enough to not bug the hell out of you if you just need to sit down and breathe for more than two seconds. They are always so encouraging and upbeat, plus they play some great music in their pilates courses that really get you motivated.Basically; this studio is awesome because the instructors are awesome, stop coming to my studio and crowding my classes ;)
5	The instructors at this studio make this place amazing!  Eliza, Lisa, Alexis, Lauren, Greg, and Diana are all fabulous and make this studio worth coming to!  Thank you guys for always giving 100% to your students.  The instructors at Vegas Hot have truly made me love yoga and Pilates.  If you haven't tried this studio yet you are missing out!
4	I'm back :) it's been so long.. I had a good sweat out  :) I love how there is many classes and you can never get bored on one specific class.! Go Boot Camp Kettle Bells and Venus 60!!
3	Why BodyHeat is better:*Hand towels and/or washcloths in the changing rooms*Shampoo, conditioner and soap in the showers--not just foaming hand soap*Front desk staff is friendlier there*Parking is more plentiful*No pushy salespeople*No tipping teachers and cleaning people (Vegas, amirite?)Why VegasHot is better:*More classes offered at more times*Cheaper than just about anywhere*Classes are more humid here, which I like (some don't)I had a LivingSocial for this place and I enjoyed coming here for about the length of the coupon. I'm glad that I tried it out so I have some more experience with different studios, but this studio is bare-bones in order to keep prices low and make the sale. The showers are the equivalent of a freshman dorm---yuck. Also, about 70% of the time, the front desk staff is straight up bitchy. The terms of the contracts here are really confusing, and I witnessed the staff getting visibly frustrated at people asking questions on numerous occasions, whether in person or on the phone. It's really not acceptable to roll your eyes at a person who just left in an attempt to bond with me while I'm in line waiting to purchase a water. Cell phones, keys, talking and late arrivals are allowed in the room at this studio. BodyHeat is closer to my house and I also feel like I get more bang for my buck here.  Yeah, it's more expensive, but I don't feel like I'm going to get gangrene from the showers. I also get a mat and towel for free every time I go to the studio. The savings in laundry loads at home is enough for me to go to BodyHeat vs. this place.
5	I am in LOVE with this place! I have been coming consistently now for 9 weeks and have lost 8lbs, leaned out, and have so much more energy! Danielle, Lisa, Eliza, Marie & Martin (where did he go?) are amazing! I love hot Pilates! I do that four days and on Friday Venus 60(yoga). I can't say enough about how amazing this place is! The staff & instructors rock. I just wish there were classes a little later on Friday and Saturday since I work late nights on weekends & sleep most of the day. Check out fresh mamas too!
2	This place has a lot of pros and cons, unfortunately the cons outweigh the pros. I really wanted to like this place :(...Pros:-It's very affordable-They offer many classes several times a day-Fresh Mama smoothie shop is pretty darn goodCons:-IT FREAKING STINKS IN THE ROOMS! UGGHHH... this was the deal breaker for sure! The rooms need to seriously be aired out between classes. -The less hot classes are often directly after the super hot classes which makes the room way too hot if you want to do a beginner (ex Yin Yoga) class. This makes the room way to hot and STINKY when I'm trying to get my zen on!-The teachers... well here's an example... This one teacher was reading off her IPhone on what to say to the class, which made it insincere and really hard to relax to! She read sooo monotone I actually wanted to walk out because it seemed so fake. Another teacher was YELLING at us to relax and be Zen... Ummm how can we relax when you're yelling at us in your nasal New York accent???So there you have it. If the place was less stinky and the teachers were more authentic I'd go back. But I think I'll try a few other places in town that might work out better for me.
5	For my 100th review, I gotta review something special to me.Vegas Hot! is fantastic!!!!!  I CAN'T STAND THE GYM so I need to find other means to keep fit. I was first introduced to hot yoga/pilates through a co worker for mine and it was perfect timing since there was a Groupon coupon out. Most, if not all classes are taught in 97+ degree temperatures. For those of you who have never taken "hot" classes before, don't push yourself too much on the first few classes. The instructors won't be offended if you need to take frequent water  breaks, take a knee, go into child's pose or just simply walk it out. Whatever you do....just keep your body moving. It might take you a few classes (less if you're already an active person) to get used to the heat. After a week of free trial classes, I fell in love. My only gripe is that I wish classes/membership were a BIT cheaper. But I guess it's expensive to live a healthy lifestyle....Either way...def give this place a try. You can't go wrong with Vegas Hot! I promise.
4	Love this place !!!!!! I have been coming for a few months now and I am addicted ! They always have a class every hour and it's open from 5 am to about 11 pm! Some teachers aren't so great but the better ones out weight the bad . 100% worth giving a try !
5	I love this studio! I have gone to MANY other yoga studios... and this is by far my favorite one. I even went here back back in the days when they were a Bikram Yoga studio. Now that they have separated themselves from Bikram Yoga... the memberships are more affordable. Their special pricing may vary month to month or by seasons. Also, if you have NEVER gone to this studio, I would recommend keeping an eye out for the Groupons. The studio is very very clean. And for those who have hot yoga studios with carpet... THIS ISNT ONE OF THEM! (Thank God!) The studio rooms specialized for hot yoga are floored with a special PVC piping material that allows for foot grip and is MUCH MORE sanitary to the carpet alternative. And they steam the floors regularly. They offer a variety of classes... from flow yoga (vinyasa yoga), to hot pilates, to their variation of bikram yoga, as well as kettlebells and a variation of bootcamp. The instructors are also great. You can look on their website for the weekly schedule and the instructors.  Namaste!
5	I just noticed the negative google review by John Rory.  First of all he is complaining about over crowded classes and the only reason he still goes is for Martin.  I have attended Martins classes and Martin is the instructor who packs people in like sardines and actually makes people move on top of their neighbor to get that one last person in.  I also noticed the review was written 2 months ago and Martin has been gone from Vegas Hot for over 2 months...hmmm.  John; your review makes absolutely no sense.  I just renewed my membership and I love Vegas Hot!!  The instructors are amazing and the energy is unbelievable.  Yes, some classes are more crowded but isn't that a sign of success!!  I love the fact that there is literally a class any time of day so you don't have to stress if you missed the first class there is always another one just as good.  Vegas Hot is the only workout facility that caters to the client instead of the client catering to the workout place.  I have a studio which is 2 minutes from my office which I even purchased their last Groupon and never have used it.  I choose to drive 25 minutes because it is so worth it!!  Vegas hot has lost a few instructors but the absolute best are still there...try it; you won't be disappointed!  Btw...this review comes from a very picky workout person who is huge on customer service and I can tell you Vegas Hot is Aaaaamazing!!
4	I like the facility and the offering of programs which are both impressive. The membership fees are beyond reasonable without consideration to the massive class offering which makes it almost free in comparison with other studios. If you are thinking about joining a hot program of any kind this place warrants a look.Of course with size comes good and bad. I went to my second "Beginner Venus 75" class today and the instructor was pushing everyone like a drill sergeant as if we were all pros and not letting anyone rest when they became fatigued or too hot.
4	I'm a beginner at yoga, but been active in exercise for all my life and I thoroughly enjoy this studio. It's for the most diverse class schedule and widest variety of times available. It's also very welcoming to newbies and beginners. If you're a serious yogi, I have a feeling it may b to watered down or untraditional for u though. Fresh mamas is amazing also!
4	For the price, you cant beat it!My boyfriend and I signed up in July. We both love it! He is definitely the more athletic type and I've never worked out on a regular basis. Being out of shape and not knowing what to expect I was nervous going into my first class, but everyone was super welcoming.The classes between 5-6:30 do get pretty packed, but just get there 20-15 minutes early and you should be fine. My only complaint would probably be the parking. Its a small lot that's not well lit. I don't care about walking, I care that its dark out and I have to walk a distance to my car. Other than that I LOVE this place!
5	1 of the reasons we bought a house in South West is because it is very close to this studio... Very thankful for the founder and coaches here for getting me and my hubby back in shapes.
1	Facility is dirty, staff is unfriendly, location is hard to find.  Try Body Heat Yoga in Silverado instead.  Much cleaner facility.  I bought a groupon for Vegas hot to try, tried once and I will be returning to Body heat instead
5	Note:  you will need to take the tour first!  I came to this place initially to supplement my kickboxing/weight training and running workouts.  Used a Groupon but ended up joining for $399 for 1 year.I was initially afraid of the "hot room", but it's actually not that bad.  Obviously you need to go to a couple classes to get used to the heat but once you do get accustom to it, the workouts are quite satisfying.  Hot Pilates, Yoga+Pilates 75X and kettle bells are my personal favorites.  I hear good things about the Boot camp and Barre class also.  As for instructors, Julie, Eliza, Diana, Cameron, Lisa V., Danielle, and Marie are all great (and hard)!
4	Good pilates instructors here. Classes can be heavily crowded but just get there early and you'll be ok. Other than that, good place to burn some calories.
3	I started attending this studio back when it was actually Bikram. I had an annual pass back then, pretty early into my contract, they changed it to Hot Yoga (I'm guessing so they don't have to pay royalties to Bikram if it's not called Bikram). Boy did things change. I noticed right away that King Rollins (I don't know if he's even around anymore) started getting his hands into every type of money making deal he could. Teachers started leaving, classes weren't as good. I tried several different Hot Yoga classes and I just wasn't feeling it anymore. Then he started chiropractic appts, he opened up an HCG clinic, then there was ballroom dancing, the list goes on. Now there is kettle bells, boot camp, Pilates and also Fresh Mama, the cafe attached. Against my better judgement, I purchased a Groupon about 3 years ago (yes I let mine expire) with a friend. I went to one class and remembered why I dislike this place so much, so I never went back to use the Groupon. Fast forward to present time, another friend asked me to come with her to class, knowing I had an expired Groupon to use, I agreed. The good news is, I had a week free due to my birthday month and I also had a free week I never used for "new" clients. They ended up letting me put the $30 I spent on the Groupon towards Fresh Mama. My first Venus class was so disorganized. No one was doing the same pose. The instructor was of no help, there is one guy in the middle of the class doing a handstand while the rest of us are trying to figure out which pose we are on. It was really confusing. People are leaving the class left and right, totally disruptive. Meanwhile I'm  trying my best to stay focused and keep up with the poses and I'm hearing loud hip hop music coming from the room below us. I know it's not completely the instructors fault for the poor etiquette of others, but it was really frustrating. Then a couple times during class the humidifier let's off this really loud zap that sounded like a giant bug zapper. Scared the crap out of me. My other huge issues are; *people are aloud to bring their keys, bags, cell phones, purses and whatever else into class, I actually heard text messages go off on a phone during one class.*the Venus room is dirty, I can't vouch for the other rooms, but I feel it needs a good overhaul. Typically I setup in one of the back corners, throughout various postures, I've seen large dust bunnies in the corners of the room, and then when I'm laying in Savasana, as I'm staring up at the ceiling, I'm noticing how dirty it is, it appears at one time the sprinkler went off and left behind a dirt splatter all over the ceiling. Am I nit picking? I don't think so. *tip boxes for the instructors? Really? They have enough memberships, maybe they should pay their instructors more. I've never been to a studio that had tip boxes. *Not much conformity. I prefer Bikram. Yes it may be a little militant but there is a reason behind the method. A plus for this place is, they do offer a lot of classes and I haven't been to a class that is full.
4	I agree! For the price you can't beat it! Lately I have been going more and more to the hot pilates room. It's a great and different way to work out. Your experience depends on three things  1. your attitude2. your instructor3. what time you go to.About the smell ... It's not a intolerable smell??? It smells just fine! You don't go to a gym and expect it to smell like flowers. It smells like a little sweat, but you're in a hot room with bodies all around you detoxifying. What do you expect?Favorite Pilates instructors:Lisa VirgaPaula JordanJill DexterLack of star is for poor experiences that I've had with other instructors where I feel they're not happy to teach the class/ aren't really supporitive.e.g. Yes you're pregnant I get it, but the more you say it and shove it into our face wont encourage us to squat lower. Loving words please.This is for the rainbow location.Overall great experience really.
1	Loved the studio and classes, but be careful when signing up for memberships. They went over the top during the tour to explain selling or transferring your membership, then push non-transferable membership packages. When I was unexpectedly transferred out of state for work, I went to transfer my membership and they pretty much told me I was SOL. I left over 6 messages for a manager to plea my case and never received a call back.
4	Great  instructors, great selection of classes and clean! I would recommend this studio to anyone looking to get in shape!
5	Best instructors in town!!
5	Going to come here for a week straight while I'm in town visiting ! Love this place so much. Very nice facility and excellent customer service. The energy is amazing and I love that they have so many different classes to choose from. I actually just signed up for the Pilates teacher training in April . Let's get it !!!
5	Thank you Vegas Hot!  Not only have the Hot classes changed my Life, but the Teachers have taught me to Love myself again! There are No Excuses at Vegas Hot!, with their around the clock class schedule I can always get my *sweat on :) Super convenient location!I'm home :)
4	Really excellent place! Lots of classes and some awesome teachers (Patrick mason, Lisa Davis!) Unfortunately alot of the students have bad yoga room etiquette and the rooms can get very crowded.
2	I have enjoyed this slice of heaven but now that changes are being made, I'm looking for a new place. I don't appreciate feeling hustled like I'm at a gym haggeling on a contract. All my favorite teachers are gone so I'm calling around hoping to find them.
4	This place is either heaven or hell, I can't decide.  The classes are all done in a heated room and, depending on the number of people in the room, it can get pretty uncomfortable by the end of class.  When you walk out of your class you feel like you can conquer the world, you just need to eat and take a shower first!  The best things about this place are the number of classes for the price you pay.  For monthly unlimited classes it's around $70.  You can take about 20 different class throughout a day.  Classes start as early as 5:30am and end around 10 or 11pm.  You have every kind of class from kettle bell, barefoot bootcamp, yoga, pilates, and yoga-lates.  You don't have to be limber or have a perfect body to feel comfortable in the classes.  They are very welcoming to students at all levels.  Some instructors are better than others but most of them are talented.  I have always gotten something from each class I've attended.  The reason I didn't give this place 5 stars is the locker rooms.  They have showers and lockers but the area could use a little face lift.  It's not dirty, just old.  However, if I had to pay more for nicer facilities, I'll happily take what is currently there.You can't beet the workout for the price you pay.  This place is fantastic!
5	I've been going here for many years and can only say great things about Vegas Hot. The most important thing to me are that the teachers really love what they do and it shows through their practice and the energy they have when teaching. Every instructor has a passion for what they do and they are all very helpful and want the best for you. Also, the instructors are always learning, training and pushing themselves to take it to the next level so you will always have new material and different exercises to challenge yourself with. The membership prices are reasonable and you can try it out before committing. The wide variety of classes are really nice too. It's a good balance of yoga, core and strength training so you can exercise your mind, body and spirit!
5	I have only used Groupons in the past for any sort of fitness businesses, because, admittedly, I cannot commit to exercise. I just surprised myself by signing up for not one but TWO years here. Their hours are great for anyone's schedule, and they've got lots of classes to choose from. Kind of stinky but I suppose that's to be expected from a place where you lose 10 pounds of sweat from a session!  Love it and can't wait for them to get me in bikini shape for my daughter's upcoming pool party!
2	They advertise a free week then don't honor it.
5	Yup 5 stars. All you haters WHO gave it 3 and less are just that... HATERS. This place is very cool. It has character & I can appreciate the GOOD VIBES I feel when im here. Sure the place is a little... dated.. but that gives it its own cool flare. Ive just joined 40$ a month unlimited classes no commitment. I did one hot yoga class so far. The venus60. I was able to keep up the whole time and didnt even notice 60 mins had went by. I loved it. Very spiritual thing if you ask me. I felt so clear afterwards. And I love the intensity of the heat.
5	Ive been at Vegas Hot for a few years now.  I've seen instructors come and go... and some of my favorite instructors left at that.  When Danielle left the first time, I was devastated! But I worked with Liz and Diana, and then eventually Eliza and it was great. When Liz left, it was hard!  There was very limited classes to take that fit my schedule, with the instructors that I wanted.  I was seriously reconsidering my membership at Vegas hot. However, right before i was about to cancel my membership, DANIELLE came back!!  I was so happy!! and am very much happy now!  They offer more classes, with the instructors i LOVE! I'm a 8-5am mon-fri.... so I take Daneille's sculpt in the AM, and whoever is avail after work. Here's some of the classes I Love:Hot Pilates 60Hot Sculpt 60Barefoot Boot Camp 60Hot Yin Yoga 60:In every class, the instructors are open to concentrate on what YOU want.  If one day you go in wanting to do i.e. more arm workouts, or more glute workouts... they will incorporate that more in that session, which is awesome!I LOVE VEGAS HOT!!!!!!
4	Ive been to vegas hot off and on for a few years.  I like it, Its much better than the more common bikram style of hot yoga.  If you've ever done one of those classes you've heard the script... Japanese ham sandwich and all.  This is more free to the instructors to teach, aside from the venus class, but not as pushy as bikram. I think the year membership is 399, not bad, and you get the Pilates, yin, kettle bell and others.  The only thing i don't like is the SUPER pushy "tour" you have to go on, promoting their wellness center, cafe, tipping, locker rooms, tipping, yoga vacations, ogg and the TIPPING.  The parking lot is rathe small too... for 4 or 5 rooms, i think theres maybe 80 spots, and with up to like 40 people in a class you're parking in the street.
5	I have been a member of this studio for several months and I love coming here! I highly recommend this studio if you are a Bikram student looking for a different practice that is still in a hot room. The studio layout is odd to say the least, but you can tell this studio started small and has expanded, and continues to do so. Just make sure you dress warm if you come to a pilates or bootcamp class when the weather is cold :)There are many teachers here and several class options and class time offerings. You will find your favorites. I enjoy pilates, bootcamp and their Mars class.If you are recovering from an injury, this is the place for you. Their teachers are trained to give you modifications to help you heal and practice safely.The only thing I would change about this studio is the women's shower & locker room - I wish there were more bench space to place your things while you change when the studio is busy. During peak hours, you will most likely have to drop your things on the floor and change in the middle of the locker room. Not a huge problem by any means.
5	I'm addicted! This place is great for beginners and experts at yoga and pilates! I have never taken hot yoga before. I thought it would be the same class as the yoga and pilates classes that I take at LVAC, but boy was I wrong! I get why its called "HOT" yoga. The room has a steamer so you SWEAT and I MEAN S-W-E-A-T! There is no A/C or a fan on when you are doing yoga/pilates. The instructors really encourage you to work out your body to the best of its abilities. I have only been going here for a week, but I already signed up for the monthly membership! I already see a great difference. There are many classes and times that there is NO excuse not to go everyday. It really helps cleanse your mind, body and spirit and I just feel so rejuvenated after a great hour of yoga or pilates everyday!
1	You get what you pay for, 50.00 used to get you reasonably good food and smoothies. Clean facilities, 75 minute classes, more class times to choose from 29.00 a month gets you a choice of 4 smoothies made of stale coconut water and 1/2 the protein or ingredient that you pay for. The mens showers are stinky and moldy in the air vents have sign of rust. There are classless postings everywhere telling people to tip 2-4 dollars a class. The signs are literally everywhere, they make people uncomfortable. The signs could be more inviting "remember to tip your teachers :)" instead you get "DONT FORGET TO TIP YOUR TEACHERS 2-4 PER CLASS!!!" It cost doesn't matter the cost per month you'll still get lousy customer service, I recommended so many people over the years and I honestly haven't done that in a long time. The last couple of friends I did get charge 2 times a month for whatever reason, when they called they wouldn't refund but wanted to give 50.00 on credit to use on their lousy smoothies. The reason why I come here is because it's close to my house and 3 of the women teachers are great. The others are amateur at best, it seems they went thru the course and then were certified to teach. Some monotone teachers should teach yin and not bootcamp. This place was built as a place for healing, serenity and to be and get healthy. It's literally turned into a second class place to go get yelled at in a classroom and sweat. If I don't catch my favorite educated teachers who lead class with caring about the body mind and spirit. You'll get yelled at and do the same reps over and over. I want this place to do well, people used to be so happy here and now it's just a building full of angry employees, smelly bathrooms, and confusing class check in locations. I hope vegas hot reads this review in anticipation of hearing from their clients / customers to fix things. Keep it simple, happy. Close the wannabe smoothie location and offer more classes so your teachers can make more tips
3	Kills me that this place is going down hill for me , the owner came in the class room before Eliza's class and demanded everyone tip I felt so unconfortable I wanted to leave. I've been comming here for three years and paid 70 dollars a month for two and a half years while others were getting discounts for signing up with friends. Now I feel awkward taking classes. I get it you want people to tip it's a yoga studio comming in a class before were about to begining and barking at us how we don't tip enough is so unprofessional, how about he pays them more than minimum wage ???
1	I've been a member for over 2 years now. At first, I loved the change from the usual local gym. The instructors were awesome! They were happy and amazing. However the past 6 months or so, the studio has lost it's appeal. And the soap in the bathrooms. Wth, isn't that a health code violation?! The signs that are up asking for tips to keep the instructors are also tacky. Too bad too. This was a perfect location and atmosphere.
3	I've been gone since December, I've been traveling for work. I've come back pregnant and excited to take the one Prenatal Vinyasa Class they offer. Turns out, they've made A LOT of changes... even Fresh Mama isn't the same *tear* I'm not sure what happened? New ownership? The new studio took over their resources? I don't know, but they don't have the same appeal to me as they did before. They still have a lot of classes and time slots (except Cool Flow Prenatal Vinyasa). A lot of the teacher are still around which is a HUGE plus... But the vibe before and after class sucks (pardon my language).I want to give it a "Meh. I've experienced better." because I know Vegas Hot! could be better than what it is... but I added an extra star because the schedule still has some really great teachers.I hope to see the changes evolve to something more inviting soon.
3	Since my review, they've been making a lot of changes to the class schedules and the studio itself, not really for the better. The Venus 75 is gone, only 60 minute classes now, Fresh Mama no longer serves food and their hours changed, no longer open Sundays, they moved the check in to Fresh Mama (actually this was the only good change they made). I started doing the Hot Pilates class last month and I've been addicted, Sean Francis is awesome, I usually can't sit down the next day without cringing, I also like Jessica. I've found a few more instructors that I like for Venus as well. So I've come to like this studio more because I have found some great instructors. But.......there are now hand written signs up all over stating "your instructors are living on tips, if you want to keep your instructors, tipping is apart of the fee". There are some instructors that finish each class with making sure to tell everyone to tip, which I think is totally unprofessional. I've never been to a yoga studio where this has happened. King Rollins, if you're reading this, pay your instructors! We should not be solicited for tips every class! This is one of the reasons I won't join this studio, instead just pay month to month, in case my favorite instructors do leave. My other gripe, CLEAN THE FLOORS! They are nasty! Hair balls, people tracking in small rocks, band aids, and I saw a small bug crawling once. The floors are disgusting. My last Venus class, there was a man in the back room blowing snot rockets out on the floor, I wanted to die. I was pissed, I informed the instructor and she laughed it off, I told her how insanitary it was, she said they'd clean, which I have a feeling they didn't. I'd give this place two stars if it wasn't for the instructors and classes I've grown to love, as for the studio itself, it's a dump.
3	I have mixed emotions with the studio!I Have to say that this is my only location i have been since I've started my practice..My favorite instructors over all are obviously Danielle M and  Diana ! They are so awesome and they give you a great workout.My favorite for making me feel so spiritual is Lisa.. She makes sure that you leave that class feeling so good about yourself !Now about the actual studio..The upstairs room VENUS was so gross! It honestly smells like mold. And i do not believe that they clean that floors... and speaking about the floors why would anyone place flooring that has holes in it when people are sweating? Its just dripping down to penetrate deep inside!Its really gross and smells sooo disgusting.The down stairs rooms are okayy nothing fancy.. I did however have an incident with who i believe is the owner.I received a phone call from a man yelling at me about if i had gone to class without paying?I had to kindly tell him my contract wasn't up yet to where he the proceed to tell me that he had the wrong account.. no apologies, nothing.BUT who calls a person and says "DID YOU JUST COME TO CLASS WITHOUT PAYING?!"So unprofessional .Just like the fact that the instructors tell the students every class that they need to tip.. and that "tips are what they live off of"Nail salons, restaurants, dance studios don't plead for tips.I'm going to continue my month to month .. and hope for the best.
4	I have been hearing all the talk about hot yoga so, I figured I would give it a try when I saw a deal on Groupon.The instructors here are awesome!! I tried the yoga class and it was much more difficult then I expected it to be. I never expected that yoga would be such a good work out. You deformity sweat in that room so, bring plenty of water.I also tried the Hot Pilates. It was also a great work out and more intense than the yoga class. It was more of a strength building and muscle toning class. It was much more exhausting than the yoga class. Again, bring plenty of water.The rooms smell disgusting, but I guess that is every Hot Yoga place. Bikram Yoga is just not for me though. It's just too damn hot!  If you enjoy Hot Yoga though, then give this place a try. Don't forget to bring your yoga mat and your towel.
3	I've been a member of Vegas Hot for a little over 2 years and I honestly loved it after about a week ago which was the last time I was there. So I walk upstairs and before entering the yoga room I stop to read the tacky, hand-written multi colored sign that tells us that it is mandatory to tip to keep our yoga instructors here. Tip your yoga instructor? For what? I'm not getting a personalized service am I? Don't get me wrong the classes and instructors are GREAT! But to put signs up telling us to tip them? I did a little research to see if this was a trend and I couldn't find anything that said it happens elsewhere. It's such a shame and I feel bad but with a ton of members paying 50+ a month and the owner can't afford to keep his instructors there? Shame on him, pay your teachers and stop trying to demand that your clientele make up for what you're too greedy to give. I'm sad to cancel my membership with them but I think if you're looking for somewhere to go to be comfortable, Vegas Hot is no longer the place.
3	when i first started in January I was really excited about the myriad of classes and the great teachers, despite the place being a bit run down and not so well run. Seems like since then its been going down hill. They've reduced their schedule, lost a majority of their best teachers and hound members to tip the yoga instructors for every single class. they even have the audacity to say the tips are basically mandatory by posting hand written signs all over the place. It's the most embarrassing thing i've ever experienced at a studio. and goof luck with the locker rooms... no toilet paper, soap, paper towels and so on.I have a year membership so i am going to use it but if i had a choice i would demand a refund.
5	My favorite place to go to de stress ! The owner "King" is a nice guy and really take care of his customers needs. Very reasonable prices and instructors are amazing!
5	Tired of the gym? Tired of the same hot yoga? This will keep you motivated every day, I can promise that. A lifelong Bikram follower, I never realized how much I lacked in strength until I took a few hot yoga and pilates classes. The best part of this studio is there is ALWAYS a class to attend. You will not be able to make excuses because pretty much every hour one or two different types of classes will be going on. My favorite part is they offer late classes. I hate when other yoga studios close early (7pm). This is Las Vegas, a 24 hour town. Try a new class, challenge yourself, you will never get bored. The best thing is the heat and they are one of the only studios in Las Vegas that offers heat based workouts.Crazy to think all of us Las Vegas residents still want exercise in heat when we have 110 degree summers!
1	I have been a member for over two years. I used to be in love with this place and go practice religiously but now things have definitely changed....for the worst! Most instructors that I love have quit or been let go in the recent months due to their pays being cut or other personal issues with the owner King, showers are disgusting and never any soap now, there are tacky hand written signs to tip instructors $2-$3 per class, the schedule is definitely not what it is used to be. The owner has been greedy and selfish & careless towards his staff and especially the members that paid to attend! My contract ends in a couple months....and I will NOT renew. I have recommend this place to so many friends and co-workers & absolutely regret it. I feel terrible for all the people who I refereed that purchased year contracts!!! It WAS an amazing place :(
5	Wowza! Find peace and serenity in a crazy city. This place was my sanctuary during a hard summer in vegas. All the instructors were amazing. I lost 12 lbs from 172 to 160 over a month. It wasn't weight I needed to lose but that just shows the power of this great practice. I went 5x per week and saw Caitlin, Seashell, Patrick, Dominique, Yuko, and Lisa. I may have seen some others too, but all of them were super high, good energy and pumped us through class. I hope you enjoy the studio as much as I did!Namaste, Charlie
5	This place is great. You can get real results fast, and the instructors and insanely positive. They work on tips, you are suppose to tip $2-4 a class. Which is why I give it a 4 instead of a 5. Why don't they just get paid off of my membership dues? Tips for a newcomer-Get there early classes fill up fastBring water and a towelDon't be embarrassed, just go and do it! There are all sorts of body types, and people at all different levels of fitness in all of the classes. This really helped to make me feel more comfortable.Hot yoga is so much better then a gym membership. I am glad I go here.
5	Thank you Dr. King for your response, and I do understand what you are talking about although I am not an owner I am a manger at a small business. I have updated my rating to 5 stars because I feel that is accurate. I am feel grateful that you found a way to keep your business going. It is really a great place. I love the mix classes and all the instructors. Also, I wasn't complaining about having to tip, I just didn't understand. I am glad that got cleared up, and it is totally worth it!
5	Ever since they open summerlin location, it's less crowed here and l love the morning classes!!!! Danielle McDonald is an excellent instructor !!!
5	I've officially been coming to Vegas hot for 1 month now ! So I feel it's time to review ! I was initially a little timid about joining because I had never been in a hot room or even done Pilates , but I must say I surprisingly enjoyed it , the first class I took was sculpt and it was no joke ! Danielle is an  amazing instructor super upbeat and great music . The hour flew by , I decided to sign up right away and cancel my gym membership , to be honest I dreaded going to the gym I was never committed . After my first class at Vegas hot I was on a roll , it has become addicting to say the least , I've also been loving the Pilates class with Lisa she is one of my favorite , constantly pushing you to keep going she has such inspirational sayings in her class that make you want go go go ! And her whole vibe in class is just amazing ! All the workers are very friendly and I haven't had any problems at all :) I highly recommend trying it out
2	The classes and instructors would get 5 stars.  Great classes.  Would highly recommend them.Management and maintenance of the studio is horrible.  Even though the price is the best in town for a year membership at a hot yoga studio you did get what you pay for on a skimpy budget.  Often they run out of hot water, no shower soap, possible no toilet paper, etc.  This is a studio that is definitely showing signs that it is going bankrupt.  My suggestion is to only do a Groupon or no more than a 1 month membership and see if the owner will start improving the studio. Definitely not what it was a year ago.
1	Instructors that I have had previously (since I posted before) have now left. The only few instructors that I do like are Danielle, Lisa Virga and Diana. I feel as if the rest of the instructors have no idea what they are doing. I would be inclined to leave if I had not signed a two year contract for a price of $29.99 which you can't beat. The pricing is about the only good thing. The rooms are unclean, the toilets are always flooded, no hot water etc.The one thing that bugs me the most is that they are soliciting $2-$4 for tips on their class cards on the doors etc. Also, most people do not follow the no bag or cell phone rule.
2	This place used to be great, but it's sad to see what it has turned into. One of their selling points was a variety of classes that were available from 5 am to 11 pm. Now they have very limited classes that are jammed packed with signs stating that's tips are mandatory. Very low class! They no longer offer shampoo or conditioner in the locker rooms and have no place to hang a towel while in the shower. The staff is very unorganized when it comes to class cards and often forget to pass them out. I recently renewed my membership after taking a few months off and needless to say....had I taken a few classes before renewing, I wouldn't have renewed. The only reason I keep coming back is because the instructors are awesome.
2	They lost me after lowering the price to the ground and expanded too big... Too soon. At first, I was happy to see them trying a new thing. New clinic, new restaurant, free reverse osmosis water, and new location in summerlin. However, I started to see more and more instructors barking at their students for tips, before, during, and especially after the class. Although I consider myself a decent tipper, I found it tacky, especially for yoga / Pilates teachers. They even have a tip jar for janitors. They wanted to charge extra money for lost /misplaced membership card even though they could easily verify the membership on their computer. They even tell you how much to tip the instructor (2-4 bucks per person per class). I hate to leave the negative reviews on yelp like this, but I would have much appreciated if they had kept the membership price the way it was, and took care of their employees properly. I do like the concept of working out / stretching in the hot room, and there are some awesome instructors at vegashot! I will miss them terribly. But last time I was there, the space between my yoga mat and people next to me was nonexistent, exercise has become limited, and I was drenched in my neighbors sweat... So hmmm... No.
5	Best priced studio in town! Wide variety of classes on an extensive schedule. The recently added yoga sculpt classes are the bomb!
5	I have been in other yoga studios and Bikram but Vegas Hot is by far the best! I decided to stayed with Vegas Hot for the last two years and still I enjoy going there the same way as when I discovered it. Some of the classes are very creative such as body sculpt and the boot camp. And on top of that you can get adjusted by the chiropractor that is the owner of the studio!  Who understand what your body goes through when doing this kind of sports! Can't get better! And prices? You can't bit that!
1	I really wanted to check this place out. Excited to look around and sign up. The guy in the reception area couldn't be less interested. Since I wasn't feeling like he was going to help me I asked for a brochure. He looked for about 5 seconds and said they were all out. He said I could look online. Bad customer service. Where is the tour they advertise?  Very disappointed
5	This place is bang for the buck!There is always some sort of deal going on. You can purchase a cheaper membership at any time and it will be waiting for you to start it.Eliza is back! Her classes always kick butt. Glad to see her in class again.Sweating in these classes supplement my other gym workouts.
1	AVOID THIS PLACE BY ANY MEANS NECESSARY!!!I HOPE EVERYONE PAST, PRESENT AND FUTURE WILL READ WHAT VEGAS HOT IS ALL ABOUT AND WILL AVOID THIS PIECE OF SHIT PLACE LIKE THE PLAGUE because of it's horrible owner King Rollins.Long story short, I recently purchased a month membership for 60 bucks. The girl at the front desk suggested that I could use my girlfriend's free months since she had many free months on her account. We both agreed, but since she had already charged me she said she would have the owner credit me 50 bucks because there was a 10 dollar transfer fee.Fast forward today. No refund, so the owner emails me some bs about me owing him for two classes and that since I already used a class out of the month I purchased I could not get a refund. I told him I had a groupon for 10 classes in May but that I gave them the paperwork for that a while back, but that wasn't why I was calling. He kept arguing and refusing to hear anything I was saying.He then said and I quote "I am so sick and tired of people wanting to get something for free, I'll  go ahead and credit you for the two classes and for the month you bought, but if I do I will have my front desk put a note on your account that you will never be able to come here again, is that what you want??At this point, I was so furious over the way he was handling the situation that I told him ....yes I would like a full refund cause you're an A$$hole!!Maybe he needs to train his staff better or get rid of these options if he is not going to honor them.In May this studio was extremely busy and now it's a ghost town. My guess is he is losing money and instead of doing the right thing by making the customer happy he is taking his frustration out of us. In closing, the only reason I put one star is because no star was not an option.AVOID THIS PLACE BY ANY MEANS NECESSARY!!!
5	This place is amazing! Zen atmosphere, friendly staff and great instructors. The prices are the most affordable in town and the class diversity is definitely a plus. I went through the instructor training in August and it was something I will never forget. I cannot thank Danielle McDonald and King Rollins enough for the experience of a lifetime!
3	I give the place 3 stars because the classes are good and they have a lot of time slots. However, based on cleanliness and general upkeep I give ZERO stars! its so dirty and unkempt, if I did not live down the block I wouldn't be a member, its just too convenient for me to leave.
2	I have been coming here for over 3 years, and recently cancelled my membership. I wrote the owner a long email, you would think he would take the time to reach out and make things right. That didn't happen. The yoga studio is not what it once was. It's dirty, the lights in the shower don't work, the cleaning crew is gone, something is always broken, or being worked on, It's just too much. The turnover with staff is high. The whole Ora as a whole is off. It just doesn't feel the same. The only person that can refund, or handle your membership is the owner. WHICH btw is the rudest, most unprofessional person I've ever encountered in my life. I've never met someone that treats the patrons and staff of this business so poorly, as if we owe him something. I'm sure it's partly because of us that your doors stay open. You can read my boyfriend Roy G. Review, it explains enough. I'm giving 2 stars ONLY FOR the instructors. they are the heartbeat of the studio and it's not there fault they have a boss that doesn't know what he's doing.
1	I'm sorry to say that I finally left this place. Many of may favorite instructors did as well. It's a ghost town, sad hot steamy place with bad instructors. One value that any business owner should know is to keep your employees happy. Obviously they weren't.
5	What a wonderful yoga class I've been practicing yoga off and on for about 10+ years and I have never tried hot yoga.  I really enjoyed the instructor and the class I will be back again.  Now I'm going to have a small bite to eat at the restaurant downstairs and then do you barefoot you can't let's see if I can rock it out!
5	You can't beat it they have a variety of classes that accommodate to every schedule going on til 10pm and the instructors are wonderful
2	I've been a member for years.  I remember when I used to have many choices of classes with wonderful instructors.... now many of my favorites are either gone, or hardly ever there! I mean really? How is it that now that they only offer "ONE" hot pilates class a day, when this is suppose to a hot yoga and PILATES studio?  I understand that financial costs are issues, but why open a second location in summerlin that has barely any class offerings and  then cut classes at your main studio?  Due to my work schedule, I'm forced to have no option but to take instructors whom I dont think give me enough of a workout.  Heres a recent scenario.  I had one instructor teaching a class.... I felt really awkward because there was only 4 people in my class. When the new instructor came in she was wearing tennis shoes to a "barefoot bootcamp" class. Really?  Luckily 6 more people showed up but awkwardly 3 people left in the middle of class.  This is not how I remembered Vegas Hot to be.  My only 2 favorite instructors left are Danielle and Diana, but it seems like they are hadly there or teaching times I cant go! Its such a shame because i LOVED this studio and I swore by it to everyone.  Now I'm not so sure myself.
2	I've been a member for over two years. Sad to say I will be searching for a new studio. This studio has gone from dirty to filthy. The bathrooms are never maintained, no seat liners, hand soap, or clean floors.  It was much better when they had one cleaning lady servicing the entire studio and private offices. At least the floors appeared to be mopped once per day. It's really disgusting. I'm sad because it's 5 mins away from my home. But it's no longer worth it to attend.
5	I have been attending classes at Vegas hot yoga for 11 months now and have seen dramatic changes. First was my 15 pound weight loss followed up by the toning of my arms and abs. I look forward to taking in many of the new classes they have generated and continuing my fitness routine.
2	The biggest gripe I have is the mandatory tipping policy. It makes the entire operation seem cheap, and make you feel nickel-and-dimed. Essentially, they're trying to reduce their membership prices by either not paying their instructors or paying them very little, and they make up for that by requiring their customers to tip the instructors. Yes, *requiring*. I don't think they understand what a tip is.So they get to advertise lower prices, but in effect you end up paying as much as you would elsewhere, but the end effect is:* You have to carry cash into every session.* They have a guilt-tripping process wherein you have to turn in a card that says you've tipped.* You're left with the feeling that the operation is too cheap to pay their instructors, or too sleazy to divulge the true costs to customers.Ultimately, I'd rather pay full price for the membership and do without the idiotic tipping policy. Especially since I live a block from here and would likely instantly buy a membership.And now for the pros: They have a LOT of classes, and at a lot of times, including late at night (which I need). Most studios stop offering classes around 7 p.m., but this studio goes much later into the night, which helps me out considerably given my busy and random schedule.I've only had one instructor (went to multiple of her classes), and it was a good experience.
