3	Is there a future for newspapers in today's online world?  The Arizona Republic is looking to bridge that by having both a print version and an online edition - available via the azcentral.com platform or through www.arizonarebublic.com - though that one will take you first to subscribe to the paper before you can enter the articles.  Much more user friendly to just go to azcentral.comBut back to print...  I actually love reading the newspaper.  But I don't know if this really counts as the newspaper.  It's like National Geographic and People.  Yea, they are both magazines - but do you "read" People, or do you flip through People?  Even when I'm reading every article, I feel like it is similar to "flipping through" the news.  I've heard this paper referred to as the NewsLite or McNews.  It has that feeling.  Like all the articles here made some kind of news top 10 list or something.  If you want deep, probing, insightful articles with a uniquely local spin - read the New Times.  Sad huh?So sure, it's news worth flipping through while you eat your breakfast, but it's not anything you'd feel bad to put down in your pet's cage either...The paper - 2 stars.  Paper + azcentral.com - 3 stars.  Having free daily access to news and festivals is absolutely worth the extra star.
1	Since The Arizona Republic disemboweled itself (corporate-style) earlier this year, they took an already weak big-city daily (which relied heavily on AP wire stuff) and are flying downhill.  Never mind the fact that the paper is routinely criticized for being in bed with downtown, big-business and real estate interests.  Very rarely does the paper take courageous investigative approaches - they instead settle for overly focused watered down community reporting.  I rarely turn to the USA Today-owned Republic for my news consumption because the reporting is rarely comprehensive or relevant.  . When your serious big-city newspaper finds itself having to resort to social networking web strategies to keep the lowest common denominator satisfied, you know your newspaper has lost any shred of credibility. Next!
1	Worst big city paper I've ever read.Just about everything printed is verbatim from the wires.The entertainment writers/critics SUCK, and all with a right wing lean.  Yuck.  Well worth it to get the New York Times delivered.
3	Oh boy. What does the local newspaper company have to do to get me to buy a subscription? I don't know about that. I don't think the paper is a bad product and I do prefer reading off paper as opposed to an LCD screen, but not the stuff they print, not after I saw it on the TV news or internet or heard it on the radio a day earlier. Now if they could figure out a way to configure a sidewalk vending machine with a printer and data line, and the print edition could be updated real-time to have fresh content throughout the day as it was being sold, then I wouldn't mind buying a copy to read while I go inside a diner.Aside from that, the users on their website (AZ Central) are the biggest fucking turds on the planet. I'm not big on heavy-handed moderation of online forums, but the user comments on the news stories are just incredibly terrible.
1	Everything in my first review still applies, except that "I don't think the paper is a bad product" part. What was I thinking? It seems like it's becoming a thinner paper, relying more on wire stories, and they're probably still losing money. I can't imagine a scenario where I'd ever pay for this paper again.Oh, and the AZ Central comment leavers are still a bunch of turds.
2	This paper is awful and its internet version azcentral.com is even worse. I will glimpse through the web-version solely for the purpose of reading local news and might pick up a physical copy for the crossword. It does, however, defy two stereotypes associated with a major newspaper. Firstly, it seemingly has a policy against ground-breaking journalism and discourages its reporters from "getting the scoop." Secondly, that whole "liberal media" characteristic does not apply to this paper at all. Every election it endorses campaigning politicians, though almost always backs the conservative. Letters to the editor are largely conservative and are little more than toned-down hate speech. However, simply visit their website, which is available to the public with a thread format, and you will see the unbridled hate speech, borderline clinically-insane comments faithful readers leave, that this media outlet does not monitor. Politics aside, the paper is full of spelling and grammatical errors, lags behind other Valley print media sources in content and could stand a massive restructuring from within, as in the business and policy side of this organization needs to be completely gutted and rebuilt properly.
3	DISCLAIMER:I have been a journalist. I worked for the StarTribune for four years. Of course this was before online news swallowed our culture. I miss the ole days. The sound of typewriters hammering in the newsroom. The smell of the first press newsprint. The smell of cigarettes, coffee and donuts on the reporters desks. I had a ritual every day no matter where I lived. Wake. Pee. Make coffee. Grab paper from front door. Sit. Read. Sip coffee and take in the events of yesterday. It was a slow, newsworthy slip into my reality. Now. Not so much. I've tried reading the Republic. Even had a Letter to the Editor published with my take on the 04 presidential elections when I insisted Al Gore would win by a landslide over George Bush. Remember that? But your lack of local flavor, coverage and slew of AP material makes me realize you are just okay and a product of the times. I find you a bit stodgy, stale and old school. But I'm a sucker for the old newspaper days and hope you can spice it up and stick around while so many other big city papers shut their doors.
2	Reading the Republic is a lot like reading a Chick Tract. You thumb through it while enjoying your breakfast of perrier and all organic cinnamon bun, laughing at the obvious right wing slant so obvious it reads like leftist propaganda. But then out of the corner of your eye you see another fellow reading the same thing, but he's not laughing and enjoying his green living breakfast. Instead, he's crying and underlining passages in the text that "resonate with him". And that's when it dawns on you: you might be having an inappropriate emotional response to this stimuli, as it is not intended for humor, but for spreading intolerance and bigotry throughout the land, and it might be in your best interest to get your news from somewhere else. Also, organic cinnamon buns taste like shit. Never take food advice from someone who, if actually trapped in a supermarket, would starve themselves to death.
1	If I walked into Circle K, had to choose between the Arizona Republic, New York Times, or the San Francisco Chronicle, I'd be debating my indecisiveness between the Times and the Chronicle before even giving the Arizona Republic my time of day. Everything in here is either right wing influenced, or picked up from AP or Reuters. Give me some originality. I like reading the paper, but you could tie me down and I'd still refuse to lay eyes on such an atrocious excuse of a newspaper.Oh, trying to attract readers with colorful Burger King coupons on the front page will only isolate your audience to those who cannot or chose not to read. You make me so frustrated Arizona Republic.
1	Thumbs down AZ Republic. You wrote a horrible article (my 5 year old could have done better,) missed every main point possible, used my name throughout your stupid article, then allowed every no-life jerk to post horrible comments about me! I HATE YOU AZ REPUBLIC! I hope all your newspapers spontaneously combust and burns your building to the ground. But, that wont have to happen, because your newspaper is going downhill and going fast. Hopefully, you will be bankrupt within the next year. If I want to see bad reporting I'll get a free New Times. At least they have the decency to throw in some humor with their crap fest called journalism.P.S.- how many times do I have to tell you to stop calling me?!?  I don't want to subscribe to your stupid newspaper- even if you do give me a gift certificate to Target!
5	I have been a subscriber now for 3 1/2 years and have yet to miss a single issue.  I live in a secured building where the carrier has to get to the 5th floor every day, and does....before 6am.   I can't live without my sports page every day.    Thanks Republic!
1	This racist and fascist rag is a sorry excuse for a newspaper.  It's a crying shame that some people trust this for their news.
1	double charges for 1 month, missing papers and promised (after 5 phone calls) I couldnt get my missing papers but would be refunded for the week... Happened twice-still have yet to recieve my credit for missing papers AND they DOUBLE charged me! So I over pay and they still dont deliver...
1	I used a Groupon coupon to try the Arizona Republic paper on Sundays. Get a couple of coupons, local news, some longer articles to read over a relaxed Sunday breakfast.  What an eyeopener!  Who knew a major city newspaper could be so bad.  It's just dreadful.  Very little content, almost all of it straight from the news wires. Complete waste of time.  After a few weeks it went straight into the recycle bin and I am very happy with my New York Times Sunday subscription.Then the nasty letters started.  Seems they assumed I would want more than what I ordered with the coupon and blind billed me.  And to cancel the Arizona Republic you have to send by registered mail a notarized signed legal instrument two months in advance saying you don't want their rubbish rag.  Groupon has gotten a lot of complaints about the papers billing, and Groupon has been kind enough to refund my money for the coupon. A year later the Arizona Republic is still threatening to send $14.75 they say I owe them to a collection agency. Nice.So run away from this truly terrible trash of newspaper.
1	I wish I could give this 0 stars! Arizona Republic is awful; they wrongfully charge you without your consent!!! Terrible customer service department too!!! I hate this company and am extremely sorry that I ever gave them any business in the first place!!!! Do yourself a favor, and don't get this newspaper!!!!!!
1	Sorry to say I am incredibly angered by these folks. They billed me without asking and when I called to cancel  *since you can't cancel your subscription online...even though the recorded voice on the customer service phone line says you can do "everything" online*  THEY STARTED CALLING ME 4-5 TIMES A DAY or more and then hanging up. Absolute harrassment! I called them back to tell them to take me off their call list and the calls did not stop.Time to take this to the big guns, AZ Republic. You make me grit my teeth!If this is happening to anyone else, you can file a complaint with the FCC at fcc.gov.
1	I had nearly forgotten what a fish wrapper the last remaining daily newspaper in Phoenix really is...until I started sneezing again while trying to read it on my last trip to the Valley of the Sun.Trying to read this rag (apparently printed on the toilet paper quality newsprint, using some sort of "ink" that causes massive nasal irritation, smears, rubs off and immediately blackens my hands and stains my clothes) is an exercise in frustration.While the paper itself is physically unappealing, the actual content is almost unreadable...I have not seen so many typos, grammatical errors and factual misstatements since the last time I wrote a business plan!But, my business isn't reporting...or writing...or even advertising!In theory, that is the business of the AZ Republic.Especially reporting!I read about the Fiesta Bowl Fiasco investigation this morning...what a blockbuster!I read about all the shenanigans that were known for years to everyone even peripherally around the people involved in the Fiesta Bowl...everyone except the publisher of the AZ Republic who was on the Fiesta Bowl Executive committee.I didn't read about a bunch of other Fiesta Bowl stuff that I've heard about for years...they must still be "investigating".I expect that the publisher thought that all the free trips, free tickets, free hookers and blow and the rest of the swag were handed out just because he, Russell, and John were such cool guys!Of course, that's just rumor...I'm no investigative journalist...but then I'm not sure they have any of those at the Republic, either.I understand that newspapers are in some trouble...they haven't, by and large, figured out how to change their business model to adapt to the new paradigm...they were caught off guard (much like Russell in an ambush interview yesterday).But the "solutions" being deployed by the Republic to try to "save" their paper (poor quality paper and ink: major cuts to reporting and editorial staff, creative content and more) are reminiscent of every other business that has missed the signs of changing times and then cut everything useful in a effort to save dollars and their hides.It kind of makes me wonder what else they missed.At the end of the day, this paper, like many others, will likely rest on the scrapheap of broken businesses along with the telegraphs that used to bring important news from far away places and the Smith Corona's they used to use to type their stories.
1	I don't think this newspaper deserves a single star. If you want a newspaper that doesn't deliver to your door step, that has missing pages, that is consistently late, that adds additional charges without your knowledge, that has the worst customer service, that SELLS your number to telemarketers after you have cancelled your subsciption, then this is the newspaper for you! I have had issue after issue with this company. What's even worse than the newspaper is the bloody people you have to deal with. The coupons and entertainment sections are not worth the headache! They fought me on cancelling my subscription and just about refused to do it. They are absolutely awful.
1	Not fit to print!Right winged fascist evangelical racist garbage.I pity Phoenix natives for their torments over their daily coffee.
1	DON'T SUBSCRIBE!! When you cancel, they will keep calling and calling and CALLING!! I don't want your paper anymore; hence the cancellation. Stop calling me!!!!!!!
2	What a mess ....I would just like my paper to be delivered and not look like it was already read. I would like for  At Republic  to follow through like I was told  and put the paper on my porch in the same manor as you would buy at the store...Come on
1	I have been receiving alot of email from them.  I called them to get my name removed from the email list.  The customer service rep said she would not remove me from the list or change the email so I would not get anymore email spam ads from them.  I asked to speak to a supervisor.  She refused stating if I asked again she would hang up on me.  I asked again.  She hung up.  I never once raised my voice to her or said anything mean.  I guess they are not in business to win any customers.  DO NOT GIVE YOUR EMAIL TO THIS COMPANY!  THEY HAVE NO RESPECT FOR YOU OR YOUR PRIVACY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  And THEY DO NOT NEED YOUR BUSINESS!!!!  IF YOU COMPLAIN, INSTEAD OF TRYING TO WIN YOU OVER, THEY WILL HANG UP ON YOU TOO!!!!!!!
1	The security guard is quite rude. On a recent trip to Phoenix for a conference I sat down on the very edge of the steps outside the Arizona Republic building for a moment to move something from my heavy bag to my suitcase and was very harshly reprimanded for sitting there and "blocking employee access". I apologized and moved off the steps onto the public sidewalk to finish up what I was doing and once again was very rudely told that I was not allowed to be there and needed to leave.  So just be careful not to sit or stand too close to the building!
1	This paper is so bad I can't even explain. Now that they are charging to read online I can't wait until they go out of business. Why pay for this garbage when you can read news from other valley sites for free. If I was gonna pay for news it sure wouldn't be this junk, it would be NY times etc.
3	I really didn't get to see a lot of the Arizona Republic. I had a meeting on one of the top floors, and it was very nice and had a great view.
1	Beware and be aware.  This newspaper, The Arizona Republic,  has increased their monthly subscription rate by almost $7/mo depending on the plan you are on.  Automatic billing happened at this increased amount as an AUTOMATIC OPT IN!  You didn't have to agree to it....they just did it!!!!  They claim the increase is for the electronic access.  Unbelieveable that in the midst of declining subscribers they would do this.  A much smarter move would have been to promote it as a added value to your print subscription.  I'm appalled...they had no right to just automatically charge me more.  The customer service agent did a horrible job of  handling my request to cancel.  Additionally, she claimed they have no way to give you detailed billing history in regards to what weeks you actually paid for.  I wish there was an ability give them negative stars.  I have requested that they remove mw from all future solicitation.
2	I have a 4 day a week subscription to the Arizona Republic. I never read it but it makes for perfect poop papers in and around my Umbrella Cockatoos' cages!
1	Went out to get my Sunday morning paper, opened it up and found only part of the paper. I called the person that delivers it and she was still in the neighborhood, she came back to the house and said she had no more of the sections that I was missing and she could maybe get them to me on Monday. I told her that happened one day last week and several times in the past year, I pay good money to get the paper on the day it is printed. If I wanted the paper the next day I could rifle through the neighbors garbage can. I called Subscription customer service, what a joke, and was told the only thing they could do was notify the carrier, hell, I already did that. I asked to speak to the supervisor to try and resolve my anger, after 10 minutes on hold they picked up and without saying a word hung up on me. The same thing happened last time I tried to resolve a subscription issue, customer service my butt. I will notify my credit card to cancel auto payments to the Az. Republic, what a joke of a business they are trying to run. I will see if they even try to call me about the complaint sometime next week or wait until the bill is rejected by my credit card. The company that owns the Republic has a track record that is less than sterling, maybe if all papers go out of business then a new form of local news can take its place. Now I will start to look for a different newpaper for home delivery, there has to be something out there.
3	So to day is Thursday afternoon and I am still waiting on Wednesdays paper....so far not one or two but three employees of the AZ Republic have flat out lied to me.....SO now I talked to the cancellation dept and she said  it will be here  for sure on Friday.If I don't have Wednesdays paper on Friday.....I will no longer be a customer  of the  Az Republic  delivery .......last chance it get it right......at least give the customer the right information , and not the feeling as if it was my fault that your driver never delivered the paper in the first place....Friday morning.....I now have Wednesdays newspaper.....Thank you
1	DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS PIECE OF TRASH!We take the paper only on Wed. & Sun. to get the coupons and the ads, in order to save money in the stores. I cannot count the number of times the paper has NOT BEEN DELIVERED. I call and get an auto system to report it, am told by it that a paper will be delivered that day. This is a crock of _ _ _ _ . It never gets delivered. Call the next day. Am told they have NO PAPERS for yesterday. Will credit my account. A lot of good that does. They don't credit the account - they extend the subscription, it the operator thinks to do that. THEY ARE A WASTE OF TIME AND ENERGY. You can get the same news anytime you want and before it gets printed in their rag, simply by going on any internet browser. You can get the market ads by going on the market's website. You can get coupons on products you want by going on the manufacture's website. They usually have coupons for the exact product you need. In addition, if you send them a nice note about their product not only do  they usually send you a coupon for it (that is more value than what you get in the paper), they often send you some FREE SAMPLES, if you have included your address.THE ARIZONA REPUBLIC HAS THE WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE IN THE WESTERN US!!!!
5	Got to tour the inside with journalism teachers.  Got to sit in on a budget meeting for the following days paper.  These people are awesome!  I have no idea about their newspaper delivery service, but they have a cool app and online presence, and they were super friendly to us and showed us how they operate!  Plus I think i saw the AZ version of clark kent in a cubicle.
1	THEY WONT LEAVE YOU ALONE WHEN YOU CANCEL. I cancelled my subscription about 2 weeks ago and I have gotten about 10 calls from them trying to get me to renew. One guy even argued with me when I said it just wasnt a priority financially for us. He said I would actually make money because of the coupons. I got rude with him back & told him to stop calling me!
1	Trash.  Dropped our subscription after 2 1/2 years.  Now seeing them raffling tickets in K-Mart to get people to take a subscription and seeing that Wal-Mart sells it for a dollar a day, guess we were right.  They have turned into a left wing rag which certainly doesn't support the majority of AZ readers.
1	The paper itself is short on content - with a cheap feel.The website - OK - but short on real content, lots of ad links, news available elsewhere with cleaner designed and faster loading pages.Customer Service - poor - they seem to be unable to cancel a bill for a nonexistent subscription, and unable to explain new emails thanking me for setting up a new subscription and looking to establish "EZPay" even though no subscription was initiated.Overall - better news elsewhere. Wish the few good writers would get together and form a quality subscription service - that I'd pay for.
1	Well, I finally cancelled my paper after 2 1/2 yrs of horrible service and terrible customer relations. I have had more trouble with missed papers, missing sections and inconsistent deliveries in 2 1/2 yrs here than I had in the previous 40 yrs back home with terrible snow, ice, and winter driving conditions. Each call to the paper resulted in everyone is "Sooooo Sorry" but none are sorry enought to fix the problems they have created. I missed one Sunday paper and when I called the carrier she brought me half a paper telling me they never sent her enough for all her customers, what a way  to do business. I have always loved reading the actual newsprint rather than some online option but the Republic has ended those days. I know papers are dying out because of online services but then they add to their own demise. I will never endorse the Republic to anyone wanting to get news in the Valley, just ask the kids on the corner, they are better informed and probably easier to talk to.
1	Worst Customer Service.I have been receiving the Wed/Sun papers for a couple of years.  I only wanted the Sunday, and explicitly said I shove the Wednesday directly in the trash without ever reading it, but they won't stop sending it.Finally I decided the coupon value wasn't worth it and decided to cancel my subscription.  Of course there isn't an online option, so I call.  I was told I could either wait for 3 hours on hold, or they would call me back when it was my turn.  Of course, I picked the "call me back" option.When they finally called they left me on hold for another 20 minutes before I hung up in frustration.I just want to cancel.  Please, stop sending me papers....
1	The Arizona Republic gets 1 star, because Yelp does not allow for ZERO STARS.I have been getting the Arizona republic for about 15 years now . . . until today . . . I CANCELLED MY SUSCRIPTION ! ! !Where to begin . . . orinally I recevied seven days a week for great price . . . then with the advent of on-line publication, they reduced the home delivery to only 4 days a week, but for the same price, still a good deal . . . last month paid the bill for my continued seervice, and today received a call saying I was behind on my payments.After reviewing my checking account, I can clearly see that the check had cleared . . . so . . . called customer service . . . and was told that the price that I originally paid for a year at 7 days a week, was now the monthy rate . . . THANKS FOR THE WARNING . . . I would have cancelled sooner.Customer Service people . . . and I talked to four different people . . . were all rude, obnoxious, and didn't care a rat's a$$ about the customer.  Good riddens Arizona Republic . . . another newspaper that will soon be gone . . . what a shame . . .
1	If I want the DNCs talking points, I'll log on to their website. Garbage should be free! Free garbage should be a right, Arizona Repugnant, available to all!
1	Worst large newspaper in the US!  Their products are overpriced, and grossly slanted to the far left.Although there is a very easy way to read their articles for free (past the ten each month they give you), you won't see much need to use it.  Their journalists are usually very sloppy and always favor the liberal view.  The best media outlets will give you both sides of a story.  If that's what you are looking for keep looking.Overall it's sad to only give the AZ Republic one star.  They should be one of the best in the nation.  That day will never come until standards are raised and accountability to report all the facts are held up.
1	I wish I could give 0 stars! I ordered this news paper for three months and it auto renewed even though I didn't agree to this terms but I called to cancel it and paid for the extra papers two weeks ago. I have since received at least 5 calls a day from them and the representatives say 'hello I'm calling from the az republic. Oh I see you cancelled your subscription' and they hang up! Talk about harassment! I even asked to be placed on the do not call list and I'm still getting calls.
1	While I have not looked at a print edition in a long time, the on-line version of "paper" not AZCentral was pretty good at local news.With the March '14 redesign it seems the news is gone - lots of video and photos for your tablet - but news - not so much.
1	One star is too much.  Here is my interaction with one of their contractors/employees:http://www.azcentral.com/story/opinion/op-ed/steve-benson/2014/03/27/mickey-pitbull-neuter-defang-rehabilitate/6952543/?fb_action_ids=740910342610386&fb_action_types=og.comments&fb_source=aggregation&fb_aggregation_id=288381481237582Here was my last response to Benson if you don't want to copy/paste the link, and see for yourself:Steve Benson He will not be crated. He will ne in a country club of facility's. His teeth will be filed down. not yanked. I will protest the unjust killing of dogs weather it's the cops with the wrong address, or the right address. I will protest the killing of dogs for any unjust reason, including this one. Dogs get put down every day due to the lack of human currency to change that. When it takes a death row law expert to make the judge drop his hammer a certain way, you know you have bad policy on your hands. I will sum up by letting you know how appalled I am that Arizona Republic/AZ Central journalists would be so flagrant with public fallacy. That's a lay up for anyone with at least an AA. #facepalm The man and the people that print his tripe are ignorant hacks that likes to ignore the facts about the canvas he/they vomit(s) on.  Anyone that does business with him/them is not ethical in the slightest and he/they should be avoided at all costs.
1	Wow!  Look at all the crappy reviews, and they still do not do anything about it.  Shame on the management and leadership/ownership!I agree with almost all of the complaints, since I have experienced them too.  But I am now doubly disappointed in the online edition.  The previous online version was pretty crappy too, but this new version is even worse!  I suppose it is supposed to be an improvement but believe me it is not!  The new version has too much flash in it and makes it very unstable.  It is not easy to navigate and due to the excessive flash, you have to wait too long for everything to load.  And the errors!  Egad!  Is there nobody who proofreads anymore?  On any given day, you can find at least 10 spelling, date, context, or erroneous captions.  What a freaking joke for a paper -  both the print and online editions.
1	Waste of good paper and ink. Unless you're illegally in the country, then the paper and it's editorial staff is your best friends. If you like your country go somewhere for your news.
1	Fraud's in the Accounting and Billing Department!  I have had this "paper" since April and there was a problem from the billing from the beginning.  I was promised a special promotion  and never got it.  Apparently they failed to tell me that the subscription special was only for credit card holders not billing subscribers.  So when I called - to talk to them - they did not care and would not change the charges.  So I went down to just Sat and Sunday.  They didn't care that they just lost a full paying customer.  Then I get the June's bill and paid in full as per their statement.  $49.03 - they cashed the check perfectly.  Then I get the new bill 2 days ago for July - and got a phone call today saying it was no late.  HUH?  You mailed it on the 9th  and I got it in Goodyear on the 13th and its late??  How??  So I noticed that there was a past due from last month for $7.22 - but how?!  I had the old bills and paid in full each time.  I called them up  and well the CS guy said - this is how it is.  But cancel if you wish.  Yes... I will.  Talked to the Cancellation Person and she too said I now have a $10 balance from last month.  Really!?  How?  Perhaps if they took an accounting course like I have, they would know that they are scamming people.  I have worked in Fortune 500 companies in the Accounting Dept most of my life and NEVER saw anything like this.  I am cancelling - Done.
1	For the second Sunday in a row.......no newspaper!    Plus a couple other times this month during the week.  So what is their response when I called???   If you refer a friend you get a. $25.00 Amazon gift card for the referral!   Really?   All I want is the newspaper I prepay for!   What a joke.  Still waiting for my paper.  It would have been faster if I went and paid for the second one of the day.   Terrible customer service!
1	So the rate has more than doubled and the content is less.  It was like let's make a deal when I called to cancel - so really what is the bottom line?  Ask for a better rate and you might get it they offered $24/ mo today.   Seems ingenuous!!!
1	Just lost 18 year subscriber, due to "customer service" call center.I have been a subscriber from the first day I moved to AZ. I did not understand a "special offer," so contacted the call center.Was treated incredible rudely, by a totally ignorant and inept representativenamed  Denisha.Asked for the Supervisor, who was worse. She did not respond at all tomy concerns, read me a "script" about what my concern was "supposed tobe" according to her,  and told me that my recent problems with the call centerwere "inappropriate, and none of your business."When I asked if she wanted to lose an 18 year subscriber, she replied "Dowhat you want to do" and hung up!Newspapers closing? Offering specials? Losing subscribers?DUH
1	Again no Sunday paper!  3 out of the last 7 weeks they have missed Sunday delivery not to mention the numerous times during the week.  I'm done with this terrible joke of a newspaper and company.
1	So here's my gripes with the home delivery:The AZ Republic website promises home delivery M-F by 5:30 am, Sat by 6:00 am, and Sunday by 6:30 am.  I have yet to receive this timely service; most days it is 7:30 am before the paper is thrown on my driveway. When I call Cust Service to complain, they always say that there are things that are out of the delivery person's control such as printing delays, weather, etc etc.....but EVERY DAY?!  I suspect my delivery person is sleeping in every morning and getting to the deliveries when he feels like it.Most days the paper is thrown either under the car, or else barely even on my driveway, sometimes in the street gutter where rain/sprinkler runoff turns the paper into a wet mess.  Again when I complain, it improves for a few days and then back to the same situation. I'm tired of fishing it out from under the car with a broom handle, or laying the paper out to dry before I can read it.I apparently can't get this delivery person's performance to improve, or even transfer my delivery to a different delivery person, so I have to put up with the same crappy service.  They have just lost a 23-year customer!
1	Blindsided by a 33% subscription increase without any notice is unprofessional to say the least! Illegal? Sorry there's no zero star. Possible cancellation of 20 year subscription.
1	Never going back.  Have 1 car in driveway and they ALWAYS throw it under my car.  Customer service is awful.  They call with special deals and if you politely decline they treat you like your scum.  If you cancel you'll need to add them to your blocked list.  Whoever runs their customer service and call center should be fired.
1	The Arizona Republic is a big ripoff!!! I put my subscription on a vacation hold for 1 month and they will only credit my account $4.00 out of the $15 that they charged me. They say that the other $10 is for the digital service they offer so you can access their website. I can pick up the paper cheaper at the supermarket than paying $15 per month for only Sunday delivery!! They refused to credit any more. They even admitted that it doesn't say on their website how much they charge for online access. I am done with them!!
1	I read so many of these posts before posting my comments and normally I would say it's shocking to see so many comments with exactly the same issues.  The issues being delivery, accounting and customer service. However, the Arizona Republic has proved itself to be simply one of the worst companies I have had the displeasure of doing business with.  I have had delivery issues for years and have complained, gone to supervisors, etc. and all to no avail.  Watch out when they say they are going to credit your account...it virtually never happens.  I have been a subscriber for nearly 30 years and they could care less if you cancel.  They simply do not address your issues, have attitude and yes folks..they have a tendency to lie like rugs.  Delivery is extremely unreliable and customer service is merely a bad joke. If you want this "fish wrapper" I recommend going out and buying it.  That way you don't have to deal with what they laughingly refer to as "customer service".  Perhaps this is just the last gasp of a dying media and they don't seem too inclined to hold onto their customers.  Management does absolutely nothing. Simply the worst...the absolute worst.
1	This paper Fuckin sucks big ass balls they get their money right away but can't deliver the dam paper when their suppose to! Don't sign up for this shit! Paper cheaper at Fry's Food and sale for one dollar at the dtollar store!
1	I have been with The Arizona Republic as a subscriber since 1987.  Today they lost me as a valued customer because of HORRIBLE service and customer service!  My idiot newspaper delivery guy cant seem to deliver my newspaper in my driveway...instead, it goes into my lawn--EVERY morning and is soaking wet!  How can I read a wet newspaper?  When I call customer service, they dont seem to give a crap and never do anything to resolve the issue.  Im tired of wet newspapers and stupidity!  They lost a great customer and no one won here!
