4	Probably the best Brooklyn pizza in the area. Can't understand why anybody would go to a chain when they can support local.Service can be a little spotty when the boss isn't there, and the strip shopping center ambiance leaves a little to be desired.If the cops eat there, that says a lot.
2	I'm not the biggest pizza fan, so my review is a little biased because of this. But Luigi's still wouldn't impress me even if I loved pizza. It's located in a shopping center & isn't that large of a place. You can get a slice pretty quickly, so if you're in a hurry it's not a bad choice. To me, the pizza tastes just like any other average pizza chain pizza. It's a thin crust type of pizza that I just really don't care for.Everyone in here is very nice & the service is great, something you won't find at your chain pizza joints. The inside seating reminds me of a cafeteria, but you can usually find a seat for you & a couple friends.Don't let my biasness of pizza influence you too much, but if you don't prefer the thin crust, average slice of pizza, then there's no need to try out Luigi's. But if you like NY style, then this place must be doing something right, because everyone who's reviewed it has loved this place & its pizza.
4	If you're planning on hitting Luigi's at lunchtime, reconsider. The place is usually packed from 11:30 until 1:00 because it simply has the best New York style pizza in the area. Very large thin crust slices that hang over the side of the plate.There's a big piece of glass near the preparation area and you can watch them hand tossing the dough and spreading the sauce and cheese. These guys are artists!I don't know about the other stuff on the menu - sandwiches and salads - but I've seen other patrons enjoying them. The pizza is the best, so I don't mess with perfection!
4	I was very skeptical of this place when it was recommended to me. It didn't look like much from the outside and didn't look like much from the inside. Even seeing the pizza all I could think was, okay its big. Doesn't make it good.But its good. Maybe one of my top 5 favortie pizzas ever. I don't really like pizza, but I can't stop thinking about this place. Its going to be a once a week ordeal now.
4	I'm not a huge fan of NY-style pizza usually but I must say that I'm impressed with Luigi's.  The crust was thin but had a good bite to it.  The cheeses / sauce ratio was just right and the toppings were seasoned well and was plentiful.The slices are pretty big.  I would say 1 - 2 slices should be plenty of most people.
4	I've never been to New York, but I've got to believe this is the closest thing to authentic NY pizza you're going to find this far south. Giant slices! If you're going for lunch, plan on take out. The place isn't very big and the seats fill up quickly!
5	Woo-hoo!  This is the best pizza that I have had in years.  The last time I had such good pizza was in San Diego at Ocean Beach where all the poor college students congregated for 99 cent slices.  The jumbo single cheese slices were out of this world... dripping with sauce and goodness... i love the crust too.  And this place remakes those memories with wonderful, tasty, delicious pizza slices.  The crust is simply to live for!  Chicago has great pizza too but for me nothing beats this pizza in CLT!
4	Good pizza, but awesome Philly cheesesteaks!  Kinda small place so it gets crowded when busy.  I would check it out if in area.
1	We order an 18" regular (thin crust) and a Sicilian, both with 2 toppings and it was $44 with a $4 coupon.  Ouch.  Both had very little, flavorless sauce.  The Sicilian was 3/4" of white bread with scant toppings.  Unimpressed.  I've had good NY pizza in NY and this is not it.
4	This is a great place for take out, the Buffalo Chicken Sandwich is excellent, and I echo Dave S.'s sentiment about the size of the slices (although I did not try the pizza).The downside, is the dinning area is small and they have crammed way too many tables in a small space, so unless you want to have a stranger sit on your lap I would get the food to go!
4	About the closest to NY style pizza as you will get in Charlotte. Slices as big as your head. If you can eat 2 slices you are guaranteed to have a heart attack by 40.Pepperoni pizza can be greasy. I like sausage. It tends not to be greasy and tastes awesome. I've had the best pizza in NYC's lower east side (Rosarios) and I can tell you that Luigi's will not disappoint. The line can get quite long during lunch time and seating is limited.
4	Yummy thin pizza by the slice!  We were going to the movies tonight and we had an hour to kill so I gave my husband a choice of pizza  or cocktail.  Do you know how good this pizza must be???  Not much on atmosphere but a great place to grab a bite.
4	I was never really a NY style pizza fan, until we tried this place. My husband works nearby and decided to pick up a pizza on the way home one night- needless to say, we haven't ordered crappy chain delivery pizza since!The pies are huge and loaded with toppings. Delicious! Their garlic knots aren't bad either.
4	I'm been a regular at Luigis for as long as I've lived here. They are conveniently located next to Walmart and Dragon Buffet. Like the Buffet, this place is always crowded at lunch. I think its family owned and run too. The guy in charge said he's from NY. When I returned to Luigis for lunch today, packed as usual. Service was quick as usual and the sandwich was great as usual.  I've never had a real philly cheese from Philly, but I can imagine they taste like this. What I really want is a greasy, cheeze dripping philly from Pats, but that just aint happening and I doubt any other place sells em with cheeze whiz. Seeing that makes me foam at the mouth though..Oh man I want to try it.....drooooool.. anyways, moving on past my homer simpson moment now. So, when you get the cheesesteak, it comes wrapped in parchment paper, then a paper plate and than foil. Thats keeps the bag nice and neat. You can be assured that you won't get a greasy bag that Jazzy Jeff would deliver to the Fresh Prince. That did look enticing though. They use a very tasty strong, but not to tough bread. Good amount of steak and either provolone or mozarella. I can't tell the difference, sorry. The one thing that does suck though is they used canned mushrooms. As with other sandwiches, the cheesesteak comes in two sizes; 8inch (6.25) and a 12inch for (7.95). Pay for the 12 inch - Its worth the extra money. The only other sandwich I've had is the steak and cheese. Its a cheesesteak, but with lettuce, tomato, onions, peppers, oil and vinegar (some people might say that's illegal). I hear the chicken parm is good, but I never had it myself.I've only had one hiccup here, and that was when I picked up about 8 sandwiches to go (I'm the official lunch bitch around the office). I was charged for an extra sandwich and after calling, the gal was a little umm..rude. Quite simply she said, "you can come by and pick up the refund later, but I can't help right now cause its busy." That was fine, no biggie, but she could have been a little nicer about it.  I got over it quick and never dropped by though. They more than deserve the extra $10 I paid, so left it alone.BTW, before I wrap up, I guess I should talk about pizza. They also sell pizza! NY style pizza. I've never had true NY pizza, but I guess this is pretty close? Thin crust, HUGE slices and straight up pepperoni or cheese. At 2.35 a slice for cheese, you can't go wrong. And on M-F, they offer a 2 slice and a drink special for only $5.99! So until I have NY pizza, Luigi's is now my basis of comparison, lol.
4	So I just came back from NY and Philly and I can honestly say that umm...while Luigis gets honorable mention for effort, pizza is nothing like the pizza I had in NY. NY pizza crust, wow. Crisp, light, airy, damn it just can't be replicated. And the cheesesteak, was nothing like Pats, King of Cheesesteaks. Buuuuut, I like Luigi's cheesesteaks more! Pat's slices of beef are thick, and chewy - Too chewy for me. Luigis also uses better bread =)1up for Luigis!
4	I ordered the Philly and it was amazing. I will definitely go back and eat there again.
3	Luigi's Pizza is decent but far from the best.  There are some issues I have with it.  First, the slices are too thin, even by "NYC style" standards.  They may have large pies, but they really aren't that big going by weight.  I've been to NYC and had pizza at different places, and it's all thicker than Luigi's.  Next is the lack of cheee - it's a pretty thin layer that usually doesn't completely cover the sauce.  The next issue is that the sauce could be a little better altough it is ok.  The last issue, and the one I really have a problem with, is the slimy, cheap canned mushrooms.  They are disgusting.  If franchise pizza places can use fresh mushrooms, then Luigi's can too.  So Luigi's pizza is ok, but far from the perfect and far from the best in Charlotte.  I will take Libretto;s any day over it.
4	Delicious New York style pizza and fast, friendly staff. They do a great job keeping the tables clean even when it's busy, but there's not a lot of seating and during the lunch rush hour you may have to wait for a table or be prepared to take your food to go. There is a decor on two of the walls that gives the impression of a pizza cafe in Italy. Pizza is great, price is very reasonable, and the garlic knots are fantastic. I visit Luigi's every couple weeks or so for lunch and am never disappointed.
5	pizza slices BIGGER than your face? yea you can get that here. not only are the slices monsterous, but the taste and texture are the closest thing to a NY slice you'll find in the Charlotte area.
4	By far the best pizza I have tried in Charlotte.
4	All great food! top notch New York style pizzeria...i was a little skeptical when my brother told me about this place i was like "good pizza in the Charlotte?...HA!" but i was definitely impressed... having had the chance to have different pizza all over the world i have to say that NY style pizza is the best and Luigis is worthy of checking out. the owners are originally from Brooklyn NY and brought there pizza making skills with them. they have multiple locations in the charlotte area steele creek has the most classic NY pizzeria feel while the East blvd location has more of a trendy urban feel- either way the food is great, check it out!
3	They do a very good rendition of New York style pizza.... so if you like that, and are into it... this is a 5 star joint. It certainly reminds me of some of the pizza places I've visited in NYC: fast, no frills atmosphere... etc.I guess I just don't get NY style pizza...  kinda greasy....They have some sub/sandwiches on the menu... I want to go back and try those, as they looked quite good....
3	Get the pizza by the slice, it's quick , easy and pretty delicious as long as it's been heated up long enough. I love the fact that it's usually pretty crispy enough to wear it doesn't go limp when you pick it up (get your mind out of the gutter). The pies aren't really worth it, they end up being pretty expensive when you add on toppings of your choice. I'm just glad they got rid of their previous female employee that worked the counter..she was obnoxious and so rude. The people working there are almost all hispanic but who cares, the slices are good!
4	God I miss the Dilworth outpost. Really, really miss it.First thing I asked when walking in - you guys are reopening in CLT proper, right? When? Where?Girl gives me a sad face, shakes her head. I drown my sorrows in two slices (that's right mofos - 2). Then almost doze off twice driving back to town, all pizza-hazed.Sigh.
4	Awesome pizza....it's ready super fast
4	Greatest pizza in our area. The only improvement I can suggest is their forks and knives really stink. The pizza melts the gangs of the forks and you cannot cut the pizza without sawing a lot. Best to eat it there but it reheats well too!
5	Best NY pizza and sandwiches/calzone etc. in Charlotte!
3	In my book this Pizza, though good is barely A-OK.  The service was Exceptional and the pizza was nice and thin, very good crust, perfectly cooked, or reheated, the sauce was fine - the three cheese blend, boooo!  This cheese blend ruins the pizza for me!
4	It's a me a Mario!!  This is the best pizza I have had in Charlotte!  It's authentic NY pizza.  Some friends brought over a pie a few weeks ago and I pretty much ate the entire thing.  I have had a hard time finding good Italian food here in Charlotte being from upstate New York, but Luigi's hit the spot!  Grazie mille!
4	Very good New York still pizza with fresh ingredients. If you need a break from delivery pizza, this is a great alternative.
2	Good food and normally that would earn high marks from me.  However, for people me size the booths are just too small.
2	The crust has a nice texture, but very little flavor, the pepperoni and cheese were very good, it was cooked well, nice and crisp on the bottom but fold-able like NY pizza should be. My biggest gripe is the dining room. My wife and I went in to order a whole pizza, we were going to eat a slice or two and take the rest home. Well, I am a big guy and I wouldn't fit in the booths. They only have those cheap Formica table/booths with everything anchored to the floor, nothing is moveable except for two chairs that if you sat in you would literally be sitting halfway in the door. So we got a slice each and sat in the car and ate it. It's a shame because the Dilworth location had normal tables and chairs. I would give them a 3 1/2 for pizza but a 1 for the dining room, so I averaged it to 2 stars. Get smart Luigi and get some tables and chairs. I won't be back until you do.
5	This is the best place in Charlotte for New York pizza. Hands down. Reading some of these reviews.... if you don't like New York pizza, don't go on Yelp to complain that you wanted/expected something else!Anywho.....The slices are huge! They are the biggest I've seen in Charlotte. One slice alone usually fills me up just fine.The joint is small. I've never had any problems with crowds or wait time, but I haven't been there at peak lunch hour either.I wish this was a little closer to my place (branch out some new locations!) but if I ever find myself in the Steele Creek area, you know for sure I'm going here.
5	My husband introduced me to Luigi's Pizza, all I can say is wow!  The slices of pizza are HUGE and very yummy!  I wish I worked closer so I could go there every day for lunch, it's that good!
5	I should just copy-n-paste my review from their other location but I'm too lazy.Great pizza and service, just not hip on this store's location.It's buried in the back of a Wal-Mart shopping center and the parking is pretty bad depending on the time of day. Still, it's a somewhat-roomy restaurant (it does get too crowded at peak times) and I've never been disappointed with a meal.I wish they would either relocate this one or open another location near downtown Charlotte again. I think the overrated Fuel and Brixx places were too much of a competitor for them in Dilworth. Plus, some of the residents around that area are a bit like restaurant snobs and probably demand something fancier. How sad.Your pal,Walter
4	Fantastic New York Style Pizza!! Great little pizza joint.
4	Best NY style pizza in Charlotte. I have been eating here for 7 years (give or take) and its always delishious. The pizza slices are huge and a great deal at around $2.50. Crust is always nice and crunch, sauce has excellent flavor and there is just enough cheese on it. The place is on the smaller side and they do get busy for lunch so there is a chance you wont get a seat... you can order out but not slices. If my some miracle I have leftover pizza from here its even better later cold :-) or for breakfast!
2	I don't see how this place was voted best pizza.   Must be the voters prefer pizza without much sauce, not much cheese, and toppings only covering 14 inches on a 16 inch pizza.   It wasn't bad pizza, just wasn't good.    I guess there is a sauce & cheese shortage.
5	Best NY style pizza in town that I've found.Let's keep this short and sweet.   If you know and love NY pizza you will not want to wait any longer than necessary to get some of this pie.If you like crappy pizza with weird toppings go to California Pizza Kitchen, for me, keep it real, keep it simple, nothing beats a NY slice w/ pepperoni and extra cheese.To put it simply I'm not ordering pizza from anywhere else.  The first time I bit into one of their pies I simultaneously began crying and laughing. True Story.Priced as it should be, I would even pay a bit more, but don't tell them that.  As for the service - they do their job, they take pizza orders and place the order quickly, you sit down and eat, or take it with you, I don't need my hand held at a pizza place, this is not my first rodeo.If you are still reading this review you have wasted way too much valuable pizza-eating time.Over and out.
5	I can't believe I had not reviewed this place before!I totally 100% agree with the previous reviews this is by far the BEST New York style pizza in town! It's thin, greasy, and just delicious! The slices are HUGE...so you don't have to worry about leaving hungry, they offer cheese and pepperoni, but if you want something else....no problem, just let them know and they will throw it on there for you! If pizza is not your thing, the chicken wings are delicious! It's crispy and the breading is outstanding! The subs are great too, my favorite is the Italian, loaded with fresh topping and served hot. Everyone is always nice, and the service is very fast! It's definitely worth a visit!
4	Hello friends, Long time no type!!Short review. My wife was out grabbing groceries & decided 2 order out. She arrived home with a back seat full of groceries and....... A BIG brown pizza box. "Surprise"Opened the box and found a REAL NY style pepperoni & sausage pizza (she said it was about 15 bucks. "I figured you would like this pizza. It's the kind u can fold like u like to RIGHT"?  Yes indeedy sweety. Nice big slices. Not shabby on the toppings. Will definitely go again... And again... And again.TTFN
5	So this place is very GOOD! They have the best garlic knots I have ever had in my life!  Plus their subs and stromboli is great too!  Would definetly recommend this place!
4	Had the spinach and cheese calzone. It was good except for the drop that fell on my shirt.The pizza looked very good.The garlic knots looked awesome all bathing in the garlic and butter. Someone had a cheese steak and he said he always gets them here. Looked very good. I will return if in the area.
4	Awesome NY style pizza, great tasting sauce and just enough of it, and good quality cheese (not the rubbery stuff).  Slices big enough you need to fold--perfect!  Salad was nice too, very generous amounts of meat and cheese, and presented nicely.  Will go back next time we are in Charlotte
3	Okay... I'ma tell you why it's three stars, considering the pizza was actually pretty good... I went in a little while ago to pick up a quick slice because I've been running around today and didn't have time to eat...  I noticed all these awesome reviews and figured I'd give it a try... As soon as I walked in, I was greeted warmly and assisted... I ordered a slice of pepperoni to go since it was close to closing...I was super excited when the guy pulled my pizza out of the oven... It was a huge slice and it looked great!  But here's my question:  What happens when you get actual NY pizza to go? Do they just take the paper plate it's on, fold it in half and shove it directly into a paper bag with no cover, container or anything?  Not trying to be funny, that's an actual question... Because if the answer to that is yes, then they are truly authentic...  Otherwise, what in the world is that about? lolLook, I promise I am not a cray cray germaphobe or anything (regardless of what he boyfriend says), but look here... The dude shoving my pizza in the paper bag?  He used his BARE HAND to fold the tip of my pizza and my crust in place to fit inside said paper bag... Oh, sweetness... Nooooooooo... I'm sure he's an awesome guy... He was really nice to me and all...  But if you're working the front line that close to closing, you are very likely touching waaaaay more than just food and now you're going to stick your hand on the top and bottom of my food?  Ick.  Seriously... After I took the tip of my pizza off, the rest of the slice was awesome... Truly... I definitely am a fan and I'll be back... But next time, I will be dining in... lol
5	Best NY style pizza in Charlotte! From Charlotte to Mooresville for that matter! Yum!
5	This place is great. I ordered a slice of cheese pizza and the cost was very reasonable. The size was huge. But most importantly, the taste was fantastic. I'm from Brooklyn, NY and this pizza is as close to what I remember as pizza gets. The service is good, and the employees were courteous.
5	take it from an italian american new yorker..... best pizza in charlotte
5	I had the chance to recently sneak over to Luigi's pizza on a Friday night with my family for a quick bite. I had never been here, but heard very good things about the  place as it's won some awards around Charlotte. We were not disappointed.Luigi was actually around brought out our food. Before ordering I had asked him what he recommended. He talked me into a steak and cheese sub and I was not disappointed. My wife, who is a fair weather vegetarian, had a bite and finished off half of my sandwich. It really was delicious. Luigi also brought us out a cheese and pepperoni pizza for the kids. It was great as well.This place has a great atmosphere and feels like a NY pizzeria. Luigi is first-generation from Italy and has honed his pizza skills over the years. We certainly will return and recommend others to try to help.
5	I need to get to Luigi's to try some pizza but I am kind of hooked on their chicken parmesan sub...Why it's a damn good parm sub: 1) It has the perfect amount of sauce:  it's flavorful and plentiful but doesn't turn the bread into a soggy sad mess.2) Speaking of bread, it's toasted perfectly: The  corners of your mouth do not feel like they had a date with a hack saw.3) Hey there's chicken in there- and guess what it tastes like chicken: No rib meat or bright pink mash-up they serve at other places. 4) The cheese oozes - you guessed it, perfectly. No oil slick flavor in the mouth but enough ooey gooey goodness to set your gym bells ringing. As soon as I can pull myself away from the deliciousness that is that sub I will surely try their pizza.
5	Great pizza!  Thin crust...nice and crispy!  Walk-up counter, order by the slice or a whole pie!  Also have Sicilian pies and other Italian dishes.
5	Best NY pizza in town..hands down! I've been eating here and the steelecroft location for years, and I have never had a bad experience.  The staff and owners are very friendly (yes the owners are usually there everyday), food is always great and reasonably priced.  This place gets crowded at lunch time especially during Mon-Fri business hours.  If your a New Yorker (like me) and looking for a good slice, you must check Luigi's out!!
3	Average pizza based on my first trip. I will try them again now that I know what to order. Great crust, which met my expectations but the toppings were surprisingly awful. Bland sausage, canned mushrooms, spinach that came from the frozen chopped block (I was expecting spinach leaves), and garlic from a jar. Also I wouldn't recommend the pizza by he slice except maybe for lunch. The pizza just isn't the same when it's pre-made. I saw someone's freshly made pepperoni pizza come straight out from the oven and it looked like a phenomenal NY/Brooklyn pie. I'll go that route next time.
5	Being that I've moved here recently from NY, It's nice to find pizza that compares to back home. Nice thin crust, tasty cheese and the good kind of grease. Love it! And the wings are delicious too
5	This place was a recommendation by a security guard where we were on business for 2 weeks.  A security guard from NYC so I had high hopes!  I was not leat down in the least!   This pizza is top notch!  The rule was no repeat restaurants while in Charlotte but this place deserved a repeat.  In fact i thought about it every day. The slices are huge and a bang for the buck!  But we still managed to get 2 down each.  1 plain and 1 roni.   I wish there was one closer to us!    This pizza is one  of the best i have ever had. Right up there with Lorenzo's on South St in Philly! Wish I got to try the cheese steak.   The owner states its' as good as Philly!
4	When we do get pizza it's here... The staff are fast and friendly and the kids love it ... We don't eat a lot of pizza but when we do its "Luigis"
5	I was with Nicole B on the business trip.  This pizza was literally the most fantastic pizza I have ever tasted.  The slices were so huge, I really can't explain how we managed to eat 2 of them.  We just wanted to nap afterward!  We broke our no repeat rule to go back the following week, and swore we would not eat 2, but we just couldn't do it!  We HAD to eat 2 more!  The 3rd party in our group only had 1 slice but there were probably 7 lbs of toppings on it. I would drive back to Charlotte just to get that pizza.
5	I've never had real NY pizza before but as a Charlottean, Luigis is it for me! I usually order by the slice, which are huuuge! I'm such a regular the pizzamen already know my order when I walk in the door. Talk about good customer service! This place is usually packed around lunch time due to the businesses in the area. I always say I'd like to try the Steak & Cheese sandwich but the pizza is just sooo good.
5	Updating one of my first Charlotte Yelp reviews because Luigi's is still the best New York style pizza in the Charlotte area. Huge slices that are bigger than a standard paper plate, served fresh and hot. Yep, they have other great stuff too. I've bought home a massive calzone (spinach? yes, please) that my wife really enjoyed. As well, their chicken cordon bleu sandwich hits the spot.But for me, it's the 'za and Luigi's sells it in massive pies or by the slice. Get some!Note that there are now TWO Luigi's outlets in the area. This one is in the Wal-Mart shopping center. The other one is down in Steele Creek near Target.
2	It was okay.  I have been here for lunch a few times and each time the pizza was so greasy that the cheese slides off the slice of pizza.  I always fold my pizza in half to eat it and each time the sauce was greasy and the cheese came off.  The slices are huge, but I don't plan to go back for pizza.
4	My exhausted family arrived at 6:15 after a long day of driving, ordered slices, and we were told it was too late to get slices - they close at 7:00. We ordered a whole pizza instead, and as we waited, I was just irritated. Hungry, tired, and conned into spending way more money? Irritated. And then the pizza came. Great crust, great sauce, lots of cheese, and FRESH basil. No longer irritated. I hated having leftovers we couldn't save, but We all really enjoyed the food. We are huge NY pizza snobs - loved their pie!
2	Good thing the World Cup isn't on everyday. My family and I went in last Sunday ordered 2 orders of spaghetti and meatballs and my husband ordered a calzone.  I was a little pricey, $40 bucks, considering you order at a counter and call out numbers.My husband's calzone was cut in half and cold in the middle, he took it to the counter and they offered to put it back in the oven, which was ridiculous because they cut it and the edges were close to burnt.  They did not offer to do anything else, or give him his money back. Four male staff members, including a manager were just standing around watching soccer including kitchen staff. My husband spoke to the manager about the issue originally.Our family will not be back.
5	I'm NY born and raised, so my pizza expectations are very high. Luigis is by far the best pizza in town. Huge slices, great flavor, perfect thin crusts. It brings a bit of home to the Carolina's.
1	I placed a 40.00 order and while I was waiting, I asked for one of their cheap dixie cups to get some water from the soda fountain.  I was told "that will be .30 cent".  At first I thought it was a joke and the counter girl told me "the owner charges for everything".  That is my last visit to this restaurant.   I work for a major chemical company and we supply many restaurants. I know the service industry very well. Greed is a terrible thing when you serve the public.
3	When I came here.... I was expected to be blown away.  This greasy pizza was not all of that.  It was good to try out a new spot, but if you are in the mood for pizza, then you should go to House of Pizza.  That's more up to New York's standard for pizza.  Or you should try Portfonios.   I'm just saying....
4	I was in the neighborhood and have had Luigi's on my bookmark list for a LONG time and it was lunch time so....  Two slices and a drink please!About the slices.  Perhaps the thinnest crust I have ever had on a pizza with a fantastic crunch and nice chew.  Perfect?  Maybe not but darn close.  The rest of the two cheese slices were pretty basic with nothing special to write about but, the crust made the whole thing go.The menu is varied with many more choices than just pizza.  I'd likely be a regular if Luigi's were up LKN way but, as it is, I will keep it on the list for when I'm hungry and nearby.
2	Getting take-out from Luigi's every Friday night at work has become a ritual I've really looked forward to over the last 3 or 4 years, but recently it seems to me the quality has slipped. For some reason they changed the way they cut their onions and bell peppers used on the pizza's, stromboli's, sandwiches, and other dishes - cutting them into large chunks that don't have time to thoroughly cook. In my opinion raw chunks of bell peppers and onions are not good on a pizza, or anything else for that matter, unless it's a salad.I suggest thinly slicing the peppers and onions as other pizzerias do and that should take care of the problem - in my opinion. Hopefully the owners will take this seriously and address this issue. But for now I'll pass on Luigi's ...
4	Pizza was greasy, but the yummy kind of greasy.  Possibly the best pizza in the area.  We fed a small army on a tight budget.  I'll definitely go back.
1	Until the owners get the quality of the pizza back up to where it once was I decided to try one of their pasta dishes and ordered the lasagna last week. At $11.75 I expected better.According to the menu it's served with bread, butter, and salad. The lasagna itself was uneventful and dry with no where near enough sauce. Basically it appeared as unseasoned plain browned hamburger meat and some cheese wrapped like a burrito with the pasta, sauce, some more cheese, and baked in a foil bowl no where near long enough to even heat it thoroughly and melt the cheeses. The bread appeared to be a sub roll, not toasted garlic bread like most Italian restaurants would serve. And they forgot the butter, which definitely would have helped get that dry bread down!The salad consisted of a small container of prepackaged lettuce, shreaded cheese and black olives. And not the freshest I've encountered. And don't expect home made ranch dressing, again, prepackaged. Maybe I'll try another pasta dish in the future to give them the benefit of the doubt. Maybe the spaghetti is better. So this week I decided to try the hot wings. How hard can it be to screw up buffalo wings? Apparently it's pretty easy! The wing sauce was served on the side, which I liked, but whomever was manning the fryer left them in WAY too long and burnt them to a crisp! YUCK! I guess burnt chicken is better than raw chicken. And again, prepackaged ranch dressing. (Hint hint - Hidden Valley Ranch mix is available in a restaurant size. Just add butter milk and mayo and you're good to go!)I really wish these folks would get their quality control issues addressed. You can't cut corners in the restaurant business and expect to survive on your reputation alone. And that's the ONLY reason I'm still giving them the benefit of the doubt.
4	Pizza slices as big as your face!! No joke. Had the chicken parm sub and a slice of pepperoni and sausage. I was really impressed with both. The pizza slice came out perfectly crisp and the sausage was excellent. It had a nice bite of fennel to it. The chicken parm sub was good but could have used a little more sauce.
