4	Great location across from Dana Park (Val Vista and US 60) in Mesa.Attended soft opening tonight for family, friends and close associates This isn't just another burger joint......all natural burgers from ground brisket to ground chuck; Wagyu Kobe hot dogs served up Chicago style, Texas style or however you want them; house cut fries and fresh onion rings with salt or vinegar or parmesan or cheese or chili.....you see where I'm going with this; concretes, sodas, fresh strawberry lemonade and various alcoholic beverages. All in all a great local joint that is fresh, fast and delicious.Wave goodbye to Five (Guys) and get BurgerFi'dFood = 4.0Service = 4.5Ambience = 3.5Overall = 4.0
5	This place is awesome!  I live right around the corner and could not wait till this opened.  It is right next to the good egg and starbux.  I went in and saw the cool tables, wood, and lights.  The food was really good.  Waaaay better than 5 guys.  The burger did not feel heavy and the ONION RINGS are the bomb!  Overall, I will keep coming back and try the custard next time!
3	First of all I actually laughed out loud at how small the burger was. I'm still astonished by how small it is. I did ask if they had a mushroom burger and was told no, but they could put mushrooms on a burger. Then I read that on the secret menu the first burger listed is a mushroom burger, but that is for "regular" customers.  You've only been open three days. How many regular customers do you have???The burger is two thin, over cooked patties. The bun is very fresh but has no flavor and as far as the mushrooms go, well on this tiny burger they are barely noticeable. The onion rings are good. Nice to be able to have a beerKinda slow service however. No real heed to return.
5	Great Burger, great service! Kids loved the custard. You've got to try this place. The food is made fresh, so it takes a bit longer, but well worth the wait. We will be back.
4	We are burger snobs... we think this is a good place to get a tasty and healthier burger - Highly recommend!!Not sure why many have complained about the service - we found everyone to be very friendly, helpful and patient, as we looked over the menu trying to figure out what we wanted.
1	After eating my burger I had to remind myself that I didn't go to in n out. I'll give them an E for effort. The fries needed some Viagra. They went Limp after 2 min. I'll be waving across the street next time over at 5 girls.
3	My hubby and I came here when it was only their 2nd day of being open which may explain the slow service.  Took us 20 minutes to get 2 burgers which isn't horrible but for a fast food type establishment, it's a bit slow.  The hamburgers were ok..a bit small for the price and not very flavorful.  I got the Parmesan French fries which were a bit disappointing, but my husband got the onion rings and I think I liked them best out of everything!  We will give it another try because we did like the Atmosphere, the friendly customer service, and the fact that they sold Santan brewery beer.
5	Great place! Great burgers! Great service! Love the brisket burger highly recommend it!
5	I love this place but Yelp won't keep my review here?  Not sure why.  It seems all the good reviews are hidden and the bad ones keep posted?  I have seen this happen with other places as well!  Come on yelp get this right or are you just trying to make businesses buy your premiere services!Oh back to BurgerFi.  Love it and will keep going back!  Try to block that Yelp!
5	Food: Burger patty was cooked perfectly and cajun fries and bun were nice and crisp with just the right amount of crunch! Unlike some other restaurants, everything is made fresh to order so you never get a dry piece of meat or stale fries. Coke machine was neat and fun to use if you've never seen one before.Decor: Restaurant was tidy and squeaky clean! Modern, hip and easy on the eyes.Service: Girl who took my order was very patient. I was going back and forth between a few options and even though there were customers behind me, all my ques were answered and I never felt rushed. Food did take some time to come out~10mins but what do you expect when it's made to order.Verdict: Def putting this place into rotation. A little worried I may end up gaining a few unwanted lbs if I frequent it more than I should!
5	Loved it! The single with cheese with the norm was delicious, we ordered onion rings and friends and they are awesome! Definitely will be back!
4	Came here for dinner tonight with mom, dad and hubby. I never would have known it was here if I didn't go to the Starbucks next door. First impression, fun and different. Good location. A little reminiscent of Hopdoddys in Scottsdale. It is an order at the counter and go get your own food restaurant. Which I like, no waiting around for things or your drink to be refilled. I ordered a cheeseburger and cry and fry. Sidebar: I appreciate that they put the calories on the menu. Burger was typical- tomatoes, lettuce, two patties and a smear of "special sauce".  I liked it- Not great, not bad but good. Maybe better than five guys, maybe not but comparable. (To be honest, I'm not a big fan of five guys though) The cry and fry were actually very tasty. I really loved the onion rings, but I have to be honest the fries were way too salty. I hope they tone that down a bit. My mama ordered a quinoa burger, I was skeptical but I actually really liked it- more than my cheeseburger. I would probably order that next time over my cheeseburger. Hubby had hot dogs- I didn't try them but he enjoyed them. Manager stopped by to make sure food was good- he was nice and touched base but didn't linger which I liked. I will go back. Clean, cute, fast, close to home and a decent place to go and get exactly what you want. A burger and fries.
3	We hopped on over to BurgerFi because we are all about trying new places...especially in and around Dana Park. Our experience was as aptly as the 3* review gives A-OK. Nothing special, but nothing terrible either.Pros:* The veggie burger...really great.* The drink machine...I love these things, so I am always thrilled when any place has them.* Decor is cool and modern.Cons:* It took FOREVER to get our food. There had to be 20 people working this particular evening (guessing that it was training since it was their first week open?) and it took about 25 minutes to receive our food after the order was placed.* They gave us one tray with three meals on it. One tray. No extra trays so we can separate our food out and not spill food all over the table (and ourselves). The burgers are only half wrapped, so you definitely NEED somewhere to place your food on other than the table.* No silverware. I know, i know, it's a burger joint. But I like to cut my food up when I eat it, especially if it' messy. I don't want to have to pick at things with my fingers after half of it has fallen out of the bun.* Not a very friendly staff. My expectations may have been a little high, because I assume that opening week you want to really lay the kindness and excitement on as thick as possible. Not that anyone was rude, but I would appreciate a "Welcome to BurgerFi! Let me explain the BurgerFi process to you! Glad you came in to see us during out first week!"We may come back and try again after the kinks get worked out. I will update my review then.
3	This place isn't too bad. I thought the hot dogs were delicious, but the burger was a bit too oily for my liking. I would skip the fries and onion rings for sure, but their shakes are pretty tasty. What stood out was the service, the location, and overall vibe. It definitely wouldn't be my first go to place, but I would check them out again!
5	This is my second visit to Burgerfi with outstanding results!  Great customer service,  quality food, and a decorative atmosphere!   Just inhaled a Burgerfi Cheeseburger,  Kobe Beef Hot Dog, Parmesan Cheese and Herb topped French Fries,  and a drink!  Will frequent often!
5	I'm a bit of a burger snob, and this place nailed it.  They even have a really good beer selection, which took me a bit by surprise.  All in all I have nothing but good things to say.  The food came extremely fast, was cooked perfectly, and the order (which was a complicated one) came out exactly right.  Everyone in the group loved it.  What I liked best is that the manager/owner/whoever kept asking everyone on their way out what they thought.  It's nice to see a new spot in the area taking pride in their establishment.  This place is definitely in the rotation...
5	Ate here on a business trip and I love the breakfast all day burger!  Also the beer selection is good.  The staff was very friendly and the assistant manager came and gave me a sample of the custard!  She was very nice. The red velvet was very good but I was too stuffed to order a whole one.Overall way better than 5 guys and will come back when I come back to Az.  Too bad they don't have any in Cali.
5	I went on a Saturday night and it was packed!!  I like to see that even with the long lines, the food was still good.  The onion rings are the best in town!  Friendly staff and great location next to Starbux!!Will come again.
3	Went to the new Mesa, AZ location and really enjoyed the food. The onion rings were amazing and the burger (I got a single with mushrooms, swiss and lettuce with the garlic mayo) was delicious. They passed out samples of their key lime concrete and my husband, four year old son and I were all in heaven. The huge ceiling fan was awesome. There are just a few things that I wish were different. There were five people standing behind the counter one at the 'Order Here' register and another at the 'Fast Register' or whatever it was called with another three people standing around behind them. It wasn't busy inside (we were the only ones even close to the line) and not ONE person greeted us. Then, when we had been standing there for almost five minutes (we were new and looking at the menu but eventually we LOOKED ready to order if that makes sense) there was still not a PEEP out of any of the employee's mouths. It was weird. I looked at my husband like, "does anybody work here?" Finally, the girl at the "Order Here" register asked the girl behind the quick register if she was going to help us. That girl responded with "oh, I guess so" like she JUST saw us. From there on, she was not pleasant and very impatient with our questions as first time customers. From the time we ordered until we got the food it took about 25+ minutes. There were two five-top tables out on the patio with us, two two-tops inside and a four-top inside. Of those five tables, three had already received their food. Curious as to why it took this long. The customer to employee ratio was low. I saw five employees at the front and at LEAST five in the kitchen. That's 18 customers to 10 employees. Hmmmm....The other thing is that I WISH they served Iced Tea. It seems very weird that they don't have that choice yet they have two of the new fancy soda machines. The iced tea servers next door at Jersey Mike's were just staring out at me on the patio. Other than that, the patio was fun and the night had perfect weather. I'd say just amp up the customer service skills. Even the managers (I assume that one or two of those five people were management of some sort) need some guidance on that.
1	This was our 2nd trip. The first time was ok, it was a little slow and it was their 1st day open so I could give them another shot. Bad Idea. Burgers were bland and overcooked, fries were limp and the service sucked. I ordered a cup of cheese sauce for my fries and they gave me this pitiful little serving of cheese sauce that they charged a dollar for. When I asked about the cheese, the owner or manager or whatever he is with his horrible hair piece, told me I should've just ordered cheese fries if I wanted more sauce, he could have said something like, "we can look into maybe getting a bigger size cup" but he decided to lecture me about how I should order my food. The only thing remotely redeeming about this disaster is the onion rings, I can't say anything bad about them. After the meal, I went to the counter to ask for a to-go box and one of their employees was ordering his dinner so naturally it took 4 of their other employees to take his order and completely ignore the fact that I was standing there for about 2-3 minutes. They acted like it was an inconvenience for them to turn around and grab a box for me. While getting ready to leave, a lady we had talked to that was also a patron not an employee asked us if we thought it was bad as well, we agreed and she and my mother went to complain or more so, let them know so they could improve, the manager lady missed the whole point, she thought they just wanted something for free. She also said if it was bad, we shouldn't have eaten it, I'm very sorry we didn't wanna wait another 20 minutes for a sub par burger and fries. Do yourself a favor and go to Fuddruckers, Five Guys or In and Out if you want a good burger. I'll stick with Fuddruckers where they give you FREE cheese sauce for your fries if you want it. BurgerFi is a no fly zone for myself and my family!!!
3	Had the double cheese burger and fries.  Food was good.  Not sure it was remarkable enough to stand out from other burger joints...but as I said, it was good.A few observations...- They don't have iced tea.  They have soda machines that probably make more than 100 different types of soda...but no tea...what's up with that?- Food came out slow.  Lots of people working there...but food takes a little time...more time than similar restaurants.- I didn't order the onion rings but I saw them.  They're really thiiiiccccckkkk sliced.  Personally, that's not in my wheel house.  They looked good, but I wouldn't order them.- For whatever reason the hamburger bun seemed oddly small.  Maybe it was just me.Not a 4, not a 3...call it a 3.5.
2	So I noticed that this was a new place and wanted to give it a try. I ordered the burger fi burger. When I received my order, I thought, "damn, what a small burger for the amount of money it is. I could have gone to In & Out burger." When I bit into the burger, I was surprised that there was no onion on it (I like onion on my burger). I also was bummed that cheese was not included on it and it is something that you have to pay extra for. So I am sitting there already annoyed because of these factors and looking at their paper menu. Come to find out by reading the take home menu, that, you can add two extra free toppings! hmmmmm, why didn't the girl who took my order ask me if I wanted to add two extra FREE toppings?!! Wait, there is more. Soooo, the burger that I had said that here was some sort of special "burger fi" sauce... I could not even tell you what that tasted like because I could not even taste it on my burger. Overall, I was disappointed and was wishing that I went to In & Out burger as it is, sadly, waaaaay better!! In conclusion, I give this place 2 stars. If you want a good burger, go to Zin Burger or Hop Daddy Burger bar! or In & Out if you are looking for something quick!
4	This would be a 4 1/2 stars if there were that option.  We ate there last night and the food was great. My wife had a cheeseburger and I had the 1/2 and 1/2 burger, which  was excellent.  We split one order of cry and fries. The portion size was great enough food for both of us, cook well, served in a family friendly environment.The reason for the 1/2 star is they have no Gluten free option, which means for us it is not a family option.
3	I'm giving it 3 stars because the burgers taste exactly like Freddy's burgers to me at a more expensive price.Very clean and the staff is super friendly.They have  cool soda dispensers I've never seen before and have a variety of Fanta sodas including the zeros which were great.It was good and I am going to try it again so I can try the garlic fries.
3	As we are standing in line to order there are about 6 people in line and 1 person taking orders, there are 2 other people standing behind the counter smiling. The food is overall good just got a normal cheeseburger and french frys tastes like an expensive  iceburg burger... it is clean friendly environment just overpriced for the quality
4	Cool place...burgers are fresh and good...don't taste like a grease bomb like 5 guys!!!  Only thing is, it is a little spendy for a burger...can't beat in-n-out for overall quality and price!!!
2	This is my second time visiting and it went a little down hill.  When we walked in (much like the first time) there seemed to be 15 people working and no one was a cashier or could take our order.  After waiting a while for someone to acknowledge us, we began to place our order when the cashier stopped us mid sentence and asked us if we would be paying with cash or card.  After getting that matter cleared up and the cashier confirmed our method of payment was sufficient enough to order food,  we finished our order and went outside to wait.  While waiting there were several comments from other customers complaining about how long it was taking to get their food.  Our order took about 20 minutes, however it was nice out and we were in no rush.  During our meal, I went inside to grab another beer for my husband and I.  Again, when some one finally acknowledged me I was told that my husband would need to come inside to get his beer and produce ID (this was not the case last week when I did the exact same thing).  Fine.  After I told the cashier I would go grab my husband to come inside and turned away to go get him, I hear the cashier YELL at me that it is Arizona state law to have him come inside.  Do you normally get YELLED at by a cashier?  I never have.  I absolutely appreciate following state laws what I do not appreciate is poor customer service and snarky employees.  Food is good...maybe I'll get my food to go next time and bypass some of the unprofessionalism and snide comments.
4	Really great burger. Cooked perfect and juicy. Onion rings are the best in town. Not greasy and when you bite in, you don't get a mouthful of onion. Would come back in a heartbeat. Only complaint would be service. Their fast lane for custard and drinks was being used for everything so if you had a small order, you were stuck behind a long line. Then we had to wait for the other registers to have people to take orders. Still worth the wait.
1	I walked in at 6:00 pm today to see if it was busy so I could grab my family some custard on the way home to try out. It wasn't very busy (3 in line for food and 1 in line for custard) so I hopped in the "fast" line for custard and waited. And waited. And waited. The cashier working the "fast" line walked away and never came back. After the 3 people were helped in the slow line the cashier there started helping the people in the fast line. The guy in front of me went first, then I was called up, and right after they opened a new register and called the woman behind me up at the same time. My cashier couldn't get my order right (2 chocolate shakes, a jr vanilla custard with rainbow sprinkles, and a jr swirl custard with chocolate syrup and rainbow sprinkles). As a result, the woman behind me with 6 custard orders got hers in before me. Before I went to pay I asked my cashier what the wait would be. She turned to asked the one guy working the custard and he said "I'm almost done with this order and the next will take 5-10 minutes." I tell the cashier I am going to the gas station next door and I'll be back in 5. I come back 5 minutes later and I sit down. Again, it is not busy. I glance up and there is still only one guy working the custard. I waited. And waited. And waited. Finally the order was ready. I grabbed it and got into my car and the clock read 6:55 pm. I checked my receipt and the time stamp is 6:15. No exaggeration, it took 55 minutes to get two shakes and two kids ice cream cups including waiting in line. Again, IT WAS NOT BUSY! The custard was good, but there's no way Id go back. If they took that long for custard I can't imagine the wait time on food. I have two young kids and Im not willing to wait double or triple the time we'd wait at a full service restaurant for any other similar establishment. My money is hard earned and I prefer it to spend it at a place that values my time.
4	Great atmosphere! My first thought after receiving my burger was that it was small (in comparison to Five Guys). It was juicy and delish though so I was vety pleased.  I'd definitely ho there again.  Next time I'll try their concretes too!
4	Ohh they toast their name on the bun, so they must be legit!This place is new in town and people are flocking for their combination of great friendly service, high quality ingredients, and  huge selection.The manager or owner of this place is really friendly and you can tell he truly cares.  I overheard a couple of conversations with his employees and could tell they all like and respect him.  This kind of work environment coupled with their trendy decor and super coke machine makes for cool place to hang.My wife and I both had cheeseburgers and they were very good, however the portions are very small for the price.  I understand the meat is higher quality angus, but I was expecting more food when I pay $8 for a burger.Their onion rings are excellent!!!  Must try these and they had many combinations you can too off your fries with.  Check in on social media and get a free ice cream.
2	I just went there to try for the first time. I ordered Burger(no tomatoes, no onions) w/bacon and reg fries. The burger was alright but the put a slice of tomato w/o the bacon which I was charged $1.57 good luck.
3	the owner/manager was very helpful and the service was good. but... $12 for a burger, fries, and a soda was a bit pricey
3	I expected to get a hamburger, not a slider. It was good, but man do they get you on the fries. I did receive good customer service so no complaints there. It wasn't too busy inside when I went and the establishment was clean.
4	A great addition to this area. The dining and patio areas were nice and well kept. The staff were extremely helpful and friendly. I love that I can order my burger protein, or green style as they called it. Their chocolate custard was heavenly! We will go back.I wish they had sweet potato fries!
5	Stopped by on a trip to Az and was pleasantly surprised!  I ordered the Burgerfi burger with jalepnos and bacon alternative style (like animal style at in n out).Ordered a Red Velvet custard and San Tan IPA which were a great addition to my burger.My wife ordered the quinoa burger and she thought it is one of the best tasting veggi patties out there.Service was good, cashiers were friendly, and the decor was cool.  I wish I had the big ass fan in my house!I hear they are opening in cali soon and cant wait!
1	The picture shown is a lie!  Your burger will not look like that!  When I walked in, it was full of baseball leagues, that should have been a sign.  The staff looked confused and about 6 people asked me if I had questions about the menu, which I did!  I asked if there are alternative burgers aside from beef or quinoa?  She said she didn't know.  Well, back to the confusing menu.  I decided to get a burger with cheddar cheese, grilled onion, burger-fi sauce, and mustard.  I assumed it would come with at least lettuce and tomato, but it didn't!!!  So, my burger was smaller than a cheeseburger from McD's, slopped over with some Kraft single looking cheese, and I honestly could not differentiate between the burger and the grilled onions because it was slopped on there.  Keep in mind, there was no burge-fi sauce on it either and when I asked for it, the one at the counter looked confused!  I also ordered a draft beer, she went to pour it and it was out... she said they were out of it!  So, I said, can you change the keg and she looked at me like I was talking another language.  So then she handed me a bottle of beer and asked if I would like this instead.  THEN, I ordered the fries that were described as parmesan fries with garlic aioli.  THEY WERE NOT!  They were cold, limp, and the cheese had no flavor, and the aioli was gross mayo with no garlic to it.  I specifically tasted each element individually and there was no flavor, the ingredients were poor quality, and the service was poor.  Sorry I am not 8 and a member of the MUSTANGS baseball :/ but this food was not good.
5	Are you kidding me! A quinoa burger... And I liked it. And went back for another... On a different day. Can't say enough good things about the quality of this place. Clean, almost approachable version of a modern Gastro Pub without the wait. Glad to make this place a local hangout.
3	Great food, premium prices. Burger & fries is small compared to Five Guys and tastes exactly the same, with fewer condiment options. Dining atmosphere is superior to their previously mentioned competitor, and they serve beer, which is a plus.  Everything is a la carte, so I paid $13, which isn't a great value, but at least they provide quality food that you won't immediately regret putting inside of your body.Overall, prefer the burger joint across the street.
5	I tried for the 1st time today - WOW!  Built my own burger and ordered a large fries to share with a friend.  Folks, the large fries can easily feed a family of 4!!!  Prices are steep but food is totally worth it!  My burger was tasty and not greasy and gross like Five Guys.  One onion ring looks like it could be a belt for an NFL linebacker - no joke!  Various hotdogs - next time I am trying the Chicken apple!  Bonus...They serve beer, wine, mixed drink and custard!Clean, friendly fast and AWESOME food....coming back fo'sho!
3	I ordered the quinoa burger or vegefi burger that everyone raved about and my husband had a beef burger off their "secret" menu. Side of cry and fry. The veggie burger was good but nothing amazing. Same with their beef burgers. What really got to me was the size of the burgers. For the price I was expecting alittle larger but they came out about the size of a whopper jr and not even stacked. Their fries remind me of five guys with no seasoning. I understand they're serving all natural pasture raised beef but it just didn't taste that way or I've just had better. For 2 burgers and 2 sides of fries and 1 drink we clocked in at about $23-24 dollars. Pricey. Mediocre taste and nothing I would crave to come back for. There are many other local spots in the area with better burgers. Too bad, I wanted to like the place!Great interior decor though!
4	Very good! Had a burger and cheese fries. They did forget the cheese and when I asked about it, I got minimal cheese but overall the food was great! Somewhat pricey but worth it.
4	Well, I heard this place was awesome, so I was in the neighborhood today and I decided to pop in.I was greeted fast, the server was patient as I looked over the menu and the manager/owner made some recommendations. The menu is larger than Five guys, but they don't have as many toppings. I firmly believe the only way to test a true cheeseburger is to have it plain, no condiments... Just cheese. I did opt for their secret sauce, though. I also got the onion rings.  The burger was good, a cross between Freddy's and 5 guys. Not as juicy as 5 guys and thicker than Freddy's. The bun was a regular potato bun, which was nice, reminded me of a homemade style.The onion rings. Wow. They are a must. They are massive and some of the best I've ever had. Gave it 4 stars because I think if they used a fattier meat, the burger would be excellent, but they opted for a "healthy" meat, so it's a tad dry.Definitely will be back, though.
1	WHAT A JOKE!!!!! probably one of the worst burgers I have ever had!!! do yourself a favor go across the street to A.J's Fine Foods and get a real grilled burger from Rick the BBQ chef at the outdoor grille!!! the burger was dry from Burger Fi!!! I am not a stranger to real 100% beef, my family was born and raised here in AZ and we OWN a Black Angus Registered Cattle Ranch, we raise pure natural grass fed beef and sell it at Farmers Markets across the valley... I called in an order and told the girl to go ahead and put it in she said OK and it would be ready in 10-15 min..... WRONG!!!!my wife was stopping by to pick it up and waited to the point she went across the Street to AJ's and picked up her salad and came back to get my sorry excuse for a burger and soggy fries, she still waited 15 minutes... VERY EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED also shocked at the price for a burger fries and a kids cup sized drink... 15.09 INSANE!!!!!! i could have gone to the KEG and got Prime Rib sliders for 13.00 and saved a few bucks.....
4	I had the BurgerFi burger, fries and onion rings. The burgers are not huge but they are big enough. Burger was very good. Lots of choices on the menu, especially for fries. Onion rings are HUGE and the best I have had in a long time. You get a massive quantity of fries, beware when ordering! They have two freestyle machines, which I appreciate  since just one can be annoying in a busy place like this. Service was great on a Sunday. They have draft beers and wine. Overall, pricey but I felt it is worth a treat on occasion. I shall return!
4	Went for lunch because I was looking for something "healthy" and they advertise all natural burgers.  I ordered a double and had it "green style" meaning it came with a lettuce bun instead of a bread bun.  Surprisingly this was not annoying at all.  The burger was a good size, had nice flavor and was not at all greasy. I had the regular fries and they were also very tasty and crisp.  They also were not greasy so it at least gives the illusion of trying to eat healthy (fresh all natural potato!) even if they are probably cooked in a vat of fry grease.  When I left I was satisfied and full but not overly stuffed.  It was perfect.  I did not have a heavy ball of grease in my stomach that makes me want to go to sleep like you get at 5 Guys.  I also noted that they had Big Blue Van beer in a bottle, which is so deliciously blueberry-y as well as Purple Haze on draft.  I definitely will be back to try some other burgers and beers.
4	It would get a 5 if they turn the music down, and put real cheese on their chili dogs, other than that it is the best hamburger place I have been to!
5	Seriously delicious!! Definitely worth stopping by! The staff was extremely friendly! Honestly the best burger place I've ate at and the onion rings are definitely worth it super fresh and the batter was so tasty! Great food, great service, good prices! Couldn't ask for more! Definitely stopping by again!
5	I have not had a burger in several years because it's not something I choose to eat.  I had the no buns burger, Kobe dog, veggiefi burger, cheese burger, onion rings, and fries delivered to my office by an awesome friend. I tried a little bit of everything. I LOVED EVERYTHING. It was so , so, so good. I'm health conscious. So the fact that these are quality and  healthy food that taste great is a plus.  I would feed my family these food everyday.
4	Finally tried BurgerFi last week.  I read the reviews a couple of weeks ago, so I went in with a certain amount of anticipation.Apparently they read the reviews, as well.  The service was outstanding.  They greet you as soon as you walk up and are very pleasant.  They also have Iced Tea now (I didn't try it, I just remembered some reviewers complaining about it).The burgers are a little on the small side, but more than acceptable for the price.  The burger selection is outstanding (I had mine with extra cheese, lettuce, tomatoes, grilled diced onions, jalapenos and pickles on the side with garlic mayo...very, very good!). My wife had the Breakfast All Day burger without the maple syrup. The quality on both was very good, not dry, cooked perfectly and the condiments are just right.  The fries are very good plain, but doctored up with one of their toppings and fried extra crispy and they are over the top (we got the Urban Fries extra crispy...highly recommended).  The onion rings are awesome. Giant sized rings and the batter stays on.I believe this place is going to do well because they have it all.  Decent burgers, great fries and onion rings.  But to top it off, they have draft beer; bottled beer; even PBR in a can; they have wine; shakes and frozen custard for desert.  They have everyone covered.Good food, good atmosphere, good service.  I can't ask for anything more.
3	I have mixed feelings about this place. The food is fresh and delicious, but more expensive than I think it should be. I built a custom burger from the menu substituting white cheddar instead of the standard American cheese, regular bun and hickory bacon with single patty. Along with the burger, I got a side of onion rings and an iced tea. I was surprised when I got my order, that the burger was only slightly larger than a slider. These 3 items came to $13.59.
2	My family and I have been to Burger Fi twice, now, and I haven't been particularly impressed.The Food: They only offer two options for vegetarians that are not sides. Whenever I go (mostly when family is visiting) I'm forced to order the same thing. It would be nice if they at least offered a salad or something, for a lighter meal option. The saving grace was that the quinoa burgers actually taste really good!The Service: When we walked in the cooks did a little sing-song greeting, which was nice. But then my family and I were figuring out who was on who's ticket and the cashier interrupted us (we were only talking for probably 30 seconds) and tried to delegate who was on what ticket. We all stared at her in disbelief. She then proceded to try and tell us that no, we didn't want to order what we ordered, we actually wanted something else (about our drinks, fries, and burgers). I finally had to tell her to stop and that we would order what we wanted. Another cashier got up and took the people from the back of the line, when there were obviously two groups ahead of them.The Atmosphere: The music here is SO LOUD. We can barely hear each other talking, and that's the people in our group without hearing aides. Please, please, please turn the music down! The decor and seating are also pretty cool.All in all, it would not bother me if I never returned, but it wouldn't kill me, either.
2	Ppl were ranting about the "All natural" burgers - they are frozen patties. There was a long line of customers upset at the fact the food took forever. 20 min wait just for ice cream. The kicker of the whole experience was the 6 dollar burger that looks like it came from In and Out. Place is ridiculous. Wont last.
5	Delicious branded burgers i am enthralled with the spicy cajun fries will eat that again.... got to try the frozen custard sometime. A bit pricy but its good food.
3	I like this place enough to give it 3 stars. It's yet another burger gimmick place. They brand their burgers (BurgerFi is burnt right into the top bun nice touch)...the thing this place has going for it are the onion rings! I'd literally come here for the Onion Rings! Other than that, it's a decent burger (my opinion is they are over-priced for an average tasting burger, and just ok french fries). Metal table and chairs really? Strike! This is not a place I'd visit on a regular basis...
3	The food was really good, though the customer service was severely lacking. I don't really need to be told how I should organize my group, what I should order, and how I should do everything about my meal by a waitress who was snotty and rude.
5	Burgers, fries, service was awesome. Way better than Five guys. Burgers and fries were not greasy and all the employees including the manager made contact. Will definitely return and recommend to everyone.
3	I'm alway keen to try new burger joints in town, and when I saw BurgerFi I knew I had to try it out.  Walking in the restaurant is very modern, and comfortable, the kind of place that makes you want to come back.  The menu has a good mix and there are plenty of options for customization.  My fiancee ordered a cheese burger, and I ordered the BAD (breakfast all day) burger, we each got a concrete and we split a fries and onion rings basket.  The concretes were amazing, we each got key lime pie and they tasted exactly like the original, there were even bits of crust.  These things are hands down worth your time.  My fiancee enjoyed her burger, but I was underwhelmed at the cost for "not a bad burger".  Neither of us were fans of the fries which were limp and undercooked, looking around at the tables everyones fries looked like this and most people ended up throwing them out.  I was hit by a case of truth in advertizing as the BAD burger was just that, bad.  The burger has a fried egg in the middle of it, and the first thing I noticed was that when the BurgerFi brand was slammed down on the corner of the bun the egg had broken open and was mostly absorbed into the carrier by the time it arrived.  The second disappointment was the maple syrup that was part of the burger, it was exclusively on the bottom bun and left it a mushy mess, last but not least the hashbrowns were uncooked shredded potatoes.  It was a mess and made me wish I had just ordered the cheese burger.  BurgerFi has ok burgers for a premium price, but amazing shakes.
3	Extremely small burgers for price. Taste pretty good but nothing special. First time I went to a restaurant and left hungry. I made my own burger, so it was a single slice. Maybe comparable to in n out. I'm appreciative of the return feedback from the restaurant so I'm editing my review. I did not realize the healthiness of the meat, which is a big deal to me and explains the price. I might go back for a second time to try a larger burger. The price makes sense to me if we are talking healthy. Thank you burger-fi for being concerned. I was surprised to get a reply from you.
4	I really like BurgerFi, but I am not a fan of Five Guys. If you want grease don't go to BurgerFi as you will not find it. My husband and I are very conscious of what type of meats we eat, grass fed, antibiotic free, etc. this place fits the bill for us. The burgers are on the smaller size (again not Five Guys) but definitely enough food (we also split a small fry with the herb seasoning). I have tried the quinoa burger as well, which is not vegan by the way but was tasty. My husband got a hot dog on one visit and he really enjoyed it. The only feedback I have is on the Black and White, basically a chocolate milkshake. I lived on the East Coast for 3 years and to this day there is no better Black and White than at Jake's, sorry BurgerFi. We will definitely be back for more burgers and fries!
4	We finally stop to try out this joint. Overall, very imprssed.  I would describe BurgerFi as a better five guys. Less greases and cleaner facility. The fresh squeezed lemonade, strawberry lemonade, and sweet tea were great. A must try.
1	I live around the corner from this place so thought I would try it out and see how it was.  The menu is big with lots of great sounding choices.  Being from Portland there are all kinds of places that make burgers with eggs on them which I love and is hard to find here so I went with the breakfast all day burger, a large onion ring and a large pop to go.First problem I encountered was the lady told me that the pops are one size only and she gave me a cup that was the equivalent to a 12oz pop and said but you can refill as much as you like.  My first thought here was this is a poor attempt at saving money.  Who wants to refill their pop after every two to three drinks and as a customer ordering to go there was no way this would last my entire meal so this was disappointing.  I felt better about the food when I was given my bag to go, it was literally two bags of food and one looked like a small shopping bag so I thought WOW this is going to be a big burger!  When I got home and sat down to eat my meal with my 12oz pop, I pulled out the burger and it was literally the size of a Wendy's baconater!  I could not believe that a burger called the breakfast all day and stacked full of extras according to the menu was that small.  VERY disappointed to say the least.  The shopping bag of food was the onion rings, there were literally so many that they had to provide this giant bag.  Now don't get me wrong, was it cool to have that many onion rings, yes, but did I want the onion rings to be 75% of my meal, NO.  I am one person, I wanted a big burger, a good size of onion rings, and a nice sized pop to wash it all down.  What I got was a can of pop basically, a Wendy's burger and a serving of onion rings for 3 people.To make things worse they stamp Burger Fi on your burger.  This would be an okay add for marketing if the burger was big enough to have it fit nicely on top the bun, but the word barely fits hitting both edges of the bun, therefore making it look even smaller than it already is.All this for $15!  I would have been more filled up after with a Wendy's $7 meal and to be honest it would be almost as good with a pop that would have complemented the meal accordingly.  Needless to say I will not go back and will not recommend this place to anyone.BTW I don't expect this place to last long considering its location their is MASS Competition.  Directly across the street is a Five Guys, Panda Express, Chipolte, Firehouse Subs, Cappriatti's, Pei Wei and many more.  Dana Park is known for all the good food around so cutting corners to save a penny won't help this new establishment succeed.
2	Not very good. The burgers are small and expensive and the fries are the same type of fries you can can at a ton of mom and pop places. The decor is mostly metal....ok except the restaurant faces west (ya know toward the sunset) and it's Arizona so the door handles are really hot. Nice planning.
4	Got off the movie theater at 9pm so we decided to come here since they close at 10pm. The cashier was very pleasant and patient since it was our first time. We ordered the All day breakfast burger & the green style single burgerfi with a small fries & cajun seasoning on the side. When we got our food, my burger was not wrapped in lettuce so I asked to get some lettuce on the side, the manager was nice and said "you can keep the burger and will make you a new one" but I said "no thank you, I'll just keep the burger". He apologized and offered us some custard but in the end we didn't ask for it since we were full and it was late already. My experience with the customer service was great. The food was delicious but the size of the burger was a lil bit smaller than what we expected, my green style single burgerfi tasted fresh, my boyfriend's burger was also delish too, it was sweet and salty. Its got cheese, maple syrup, fried egg, bacon, grilled diced onion, ketchup and hashbrowns. The fries was a different story, I asked for a paper bag & dropped all the fries and cajun seasoning in the bag and shook it. Mmmmm so good! I will come back and try their urban fries with garlic aioli and also their custard.
5	The best tasting burgers around.  I love this place.  Enjoy a beer while you wait for your food.  Clean place.  Friendly staff.  Me and my son love the custard.  And the veggie burger was a surprise!  It was actually really full of flavor and filling.  The manager working Mike was really helpful and friendly.  Best place in AZ by far if you want a high quality burger and beer experience.
4	Was here for our monthly book club. Good sized place, love the meat-hook lighting. ;)I ordered a cheese burger fi, onion rings and a beer. The burger was really good, honestly better than Five Guys. And I love Five Guys. The onion rings are the best I've ever had. It's a little on the pricey side, but definitely worth it if you want a little more gourmet to your burger occasionally. Want to go back and try some of their "secret" menu items.
5	We ate here last night and I loved it! I had the veggie burger and it was amazing. Everything was very flavorful and I'll be back soon for sure!
4	Pleasantly impressed.  Wasn't expecting this awesomeness. :)Pro's:  Pretentious, good - ingredient food without the pretense. Hormone free, never frozen beef burgers with a myriad of topping choices from Hickory smoked bacon,  fried eggs, fresh produce even Hash browns and real maple syrup! The fries are cooked in peanut oil and taste just like our favorites from five guys. The Onion rings are crazy good. Get those.  Also, wagyu beef Chicago dog... enough said. :) Atmosphere is a nod to modern industrial...love the Edison type bulbs, helicopter ceiling fan and metal chairs. I'm not a drinker, but they seemed to have a bunch of craft beers on tap and in can/bottle.It's still warm outside but the patio looks awesome and like a nice place to hang.Cons: the burger sizes are smallish, but most of their custom burgers are doubles... If you're hungry get a double.  That being said they are all natural and worth the extra dough. Understaffed FOH...If they are going to have a decent fountain menu, you need to have it separately staffed so you don't have to wait twenty minutes for custard/sundaes... the same girl who took the ten orders on a Monday night, made the ten orders on top of helping the bar. ..too much for one person. Because the atmosphere is relaxed, they would do well to add a few large screen tvs... Might bring more clientele.Would have been five stars if the wait hadn't taken twenty minutes for two small sundaes.
3	There really isn't anything wrong with this place, but a few things prevent it from earning 4, maybe even 5 stars. I came in during a down time, around 3pm on a weekday. There were two other small parties in the entire restaurant. Right away you'll notice the great interior, which is probably the best of any burger joint around. My order consisted of their basic double cheeseburger, regular fries with parmesan and herbs, and a Fat Tire. Grand total was $15 even. Even though I could have saved a little money by getting plain fries and a soda instead of a beer, this is pretty pricey for a burger place. My order also took 11 minutes, which isn't too bad, but I can't imagine how long it takes during the lunch rush. It's not like they only had two employees working. First thing you'll notice when you get your food is that the size of the double burger is about average, while the regular fries are ridiculously huge. Definitely enough for two people to split. I would prefer if they offered an even smaller size of fries and charged less for it. Chances are, your burger will be gone and you'll still have plenty of fries left. I'm the type of person who likes fries, but LOVES burgers, so I would prefer the burger to be the main part of my meal. Now, the burger itself was pretty tasty, but not excellent. I really appreciate the sustainable aspects of the beef, and don't mind paying a little more for that, but the toppings and bun left something to be desired. The beef is great, but the rest of the burger just prevents it from being all together "excellent." I'll definitely give this place a few more chances to try some of their other burger combinations and their onion rings. Even with a soda in place of a beer, you're still looking at around $13+ for your meal, which is a good $6 more than In-N-Out. So it won't necessarily be my "go-to" burger destination in the future.
5	This is the first time in history I have finished my food before my husband! This place is DELICIOUS! I just wish it wasnt so far from me.
5	Eat here all the time. Burgers are fresh and taste great. Fries and onion rings are fantastic as well. Try the parm fries they are really good. Had the brisket burger which is excellent too. Very friendly staff place is clean. Overall excellent place.
4	I don't really eat burgers much but i do love their veg burger :) yes size is small but for a small Asian girl it's enough ! Especially with their huge onion rings .I feel that ingredients are fresh and since most burgers make me sick (example zips soaked in oil burger) I prefer that over quantity . If your the quality over quantity type it's for u, if u have no problem finishing couple Big Macs , it'll be a very pricey burger for u lol Over all I like it , don't really care for their fries or their frozen treats though .
2	2 cheese burgers  ( one of the burgers had bacon added)1- small french fries1- onion rings1 small drink    =25 bucks    is way too much to  dish out ,  when  IN n OUT  or Culvers  is jst as good if not  better. "i said good day  sir!"
5	Bacon Egg & cheeseburger with onion ring & BBQ sauce. I think I have designed the ultimate burger. The Chicago Dog is amazing, great fries... Can't go wrong with the strawberry lemonade!! Love this place! A little spendy but quality is worth a couple extra bucks... My kids love it too.
5	I love this place!!! I recently went two days in a row!! I'm very OBSESSED with their Quinoa Burger on lettuce...no bun!! It's beyond tasty and has this amazing crunch to it!! My mother-in-law got a burger on lettuce and loved it as well! It's a cool and clean place. I'm def going again this weekend, probably two days in a row again..lol
5	Oh my GOSH - BurgerFi needs to advertise because they're absolutely awesome!! We've been here about 8 times in the past month and we love it. I've brought about 15 people here since I discovered it. The brisket burger is sublime, the veggie burger is homemade and tasty, and their beef burgers are just great. Their fries are incredible, and they have some really good beer and wine. The atmosphere is modern and contemporary but still casual, and the staff is super friendly. Hey BurgerFi - give me some coupon cards and start a loyalty program - I'll get more people in your door!
1	I just paid $15 for a double cheeseburger /fries/regular drink. I am kicking myself. There is a FIVE GUYS across the street and I wish I went there.  First and LAST time I will ever eat here.
4	Paid just under $13 for one which isn't bad considering the small fry is big enough to share with a hungry friend or two. The burger looked small but filled me up and tasted better than any fast food place I've been in.They didn't have my favorite beer on tap but I did find a suitable alternative in a bottle plus they even carry wine and a handful of craft beers. I would come back again.
5	I first discovered BurgerFi in Ft. Lauderdale, FL. I was there for a week and we ate there 3 times! So excited when I found out about this one in Mesa. After reading most of the reviews here, I would like to clarify a couple of things. Being a former restaurant owner and a foodie, I love to talk shop when in a restaurant. I spent a few minutes talking to the manager in Ft. Lauderdale. All of the beef is FREE RANGE, GRASS FED, AND HORMONE FREE. This is so important in today's world. He even printed out the page about the ranch where the beef comes from and brought it over to our table while we were eating. Super nice of him! The buns are brioche (Definition of Brioche, " a pastry of French origin that is akin to a highly enriched bread, and whose high egg and butter content give it a rich and tender crumb"). I wish more people understood that you get what you pay for. I think for the quality, the freshness and the flavor of all their food, the price is fair. I am willing to pay extra for those things! And, I L0VE the fries (I am a purest. I like plain ole fries!) and the milkshakes...okay, I love it all! Of all the new burger chains out there, this is my favorite.
4	My boyfriend and I have been dying to try this new restaurant for a while & our experience was pretty amazing. I enjoyed the fact that the burger meat was slightly burned on the edges, yet still moist in the middle. I added on the garlic aioli, lettuce(deliciously crisp), tomatoes, and the BurgerFi sauce to my single meat, cheeseburger. He got the double meat, custom burger, no cheese, with pretty much the same toppings + pickles. Alongside our burgers, we ordered salt and vinegar fries. The flavor was spot on what flavors we expected, yet it wasn't as crisp as I would have liked. Knowing that, I'll probably order the crispy fries next time. The prices are on the higher side, especially for college students, so I won't be a regular due to this. Another negative is the fact that avocado was not an option for a topping; as an avid burger consumer, I feel as though for gourmet-ish joint like BurgerFi, it should have this as an option.
2	Paid 14$ for a burgerfi burger and it was not that great. The meat didn't really taste good and the fries tasted like they were burned. What a waste of money , it seems that the owners are purchasing the lowest quality meat. I honestly would've been more satisfied if I just went to the McDonald's across the street. Not worth wasting your money on an unsatisfying over priced meal.
2	Got the coupon, tried the resturant. Burger was grainy, frys were mediocre, service was great. Will not be back.
5	Loved this place! Everything tasted fresh...our fries were a little over cooked but maybe it will be different next time.
5	HOLY SHIZNIT STOP WHATEVER YOU'RE DOING AND GO HERE IMMEDIATELY. My mom, sister, and I went here on our girl's day yesterday, and I am so glad we did. The set up of the restaurant flows really nicely, with one line for entree orders and one for custard/drinks. We decided to share an order of fries (one order is about a half pound) and I got a plain cheeseburger. The prices were average, if not a little below, which was nice. For the three of us it was about $24. Getting our food took a little while, but then again, we went around 1pm, and they were super busy. Beyond that, the experience was awesome. The burger was perfectly cooked and seasoned (and freaking *amazing*) and the fries were to die for.  Once we were done with our food, we got frozen custard (hint: Get the junior... they are ginormous) and even that was delectable.All in all, great food, great atmosphere, friendly workers, clean environment... I'll definitely be back.
1	just left here after paying 12.40 for a burger with bacon and an order of french fries.... what a joke. fries are soggy. burger was overcooked and maybe weighed 4-5 oz. bun was ok. whatever sauce they put on it was barely enough to taste. I will not be returning or making any recommendations on this place. If you are in the area head across the street to AJ's fine foods and get a big burger at half the cost from Rick at the outdoor BBQ. cooked to order and fresh off the grill right in front of you!!!!
4	First of all we love this. Second, it was very expensive! 2 burgers, fries, onion rings and I Draft =$30. The burger were excellent, the fries with the parmesan herb topping were just to die for. I didn't love the onion rings, lots of people have raved about them but these were so LARGE I could not get my mouth around one to bit it. Just not my cup of tea. We will go again, prepared to spend that much money because we did enjoy it. Won't order the OR again but definitely the fries!
1	We were welcomed warmly by the cashier, who was a very friendly guy. Sorry to say, the food was less than desirable. The burgers were small and cold. We watched our fries and onion rings sit under the lights for 10 minutes...arrived cold and over salted. No go on a return visit.
5	Delicious food and great service. Decor was nice and staff was friendly. The food was very good and so many choices. It was a little pricy but all natural and worth it. We will be back for sure. The drink selection was nice as well.
4	A tasty spot for lunch! BurgerFi serves up burgers, fries, frozen custard, and hot dogs. In addition to beef burgers, they also have a delectable sounding brisket burger and a veggie burger made with quinoa.Opting for a slightly healthier (Only slightly) route for lunch, I ordered the veggie burger. It was made in a fairly short amount of time, and tasted great. The burger was breaded and fried, which gave it a nice crunch to contrast with the softer quinoa. I tried some fries, which were perfectly cooked and delicious.Service at the counter was friendly, and they have a Coca-Cola Freestyle machine for your various flavored soda needs. The menu also includes the caloric content of each item, so you can plan your exercise and diet regime accordingly. :)
3	Mediocrity at its best. Paper thin patties.... I don't think I've ever seen patties this thin. My wife and I spent $23 on two burgers, fries and onion rings.The meat was good. I'll give them that. The only way to taste the paper thin meat is to take it out of the burger.Could have gone to Wendy's and had a better, more filling burger. Epic disappointment.
2	Overpriced and underwhelming. Burger was mediocre and bland. Not sure what makes french fries dry, but they were dry and flaky...don't know how else to explain them!
5	Love love love this place! Food is always good, staff is friendly, and or order is always exactly what we asked for. Their lemonade is delish as well!
4	Red Velvet Concrete? Meh. Burgers? YASS.Husband loves the BAD burger. Fries? Nom. Get them urban style. Onion rings are ginorm. Get the Cry & Fries if you want both.
3	Was looking forward to trying this place, and it was in a good burger.. Just wasn't anything special.The sides were a bit over-the-top, causing the burger to become second to the side orders...  When my meal was ready, it looked as if I ordered onion rings with a Burger on the side.An order onion rings is enough for 4
4	The veggie burger was one of the best I've ever had and I've had a lot veggie burgers. I got the fries extra crispy and the fry portion was generous and they were tasty. My only complaint is the veggie burger price. I'm not used to paying extra for a veggie burger and for the price I would have expected a much larger burger with a much thicker piece of cheese.  I'd actually be fine with the burger size and the paper thin slice of cheese if the price was lower.  At a fast casual place I'd expect to pay between $3.99-$4.99 for that burger, but the burger was closer to $8 and with a wife and 3 kids (all vegetarian) and a couple orders of fries, I'm going to be out close to $50 without ordering any drinks.  We can eat considerably cheaper at decent sit down restaurants including tip.  I'll go back, but not near as much as I would if the vegetarian prices were a little more reasonable.
