3	PF Chang's, you know I never want to go here, but I inevitably get dragged here by someone else, and its always decent.  They do not have a very wide selection on the menu, but what they do have is good.  Its not authentic Chinese, but it is great for a mid-priced well decorated Chinese chain. I recommend the lettuce wraps, they're the shit, and the Honey Shrimp is pretty damn tasty too.  The honey shrimp reminds me a lot of Chicken McNuggets ( maybe its the way their fried, maybe its their colorartion and shape, or maybe I'm secretly yearning for those mini-paddys of chicken scraps fried in peanut oil and dipped in sweet n sour sauce...either way i digress) and the Honey flavor, so crisp... so sweet...what a treat.  Even if your girlfriend orders them before you, still get them their the best things on the menu.I got the Moo-Goo Gai Pan, ( becuase I was the last to order and everyone else had already ordered the good shit, and I didn't want to look like a poser, so I orderd, well you know)  and it was a little bland, but they have a delicious "special" sauce that our waitress said she made herself, and it helped the flavor out alot.If you are in the South Park area check out PF Chang's, or if you have a  first date this would be a great place, because the decor and lighting create a feeling of wealth and exclusivity, but the prices are very manageable, and the food is better than average.
1	Dead Roach on the Bamboo on my steam dumpling basket. I got up and left. This is the only time i've gotten up and left besides an hour wait at Denny's.  F'ing gross!!
1	While there were no insect carcasses in my food, I was still not very impressed with my meal at PF Chang's.  I went for a "business lunch" with my boss.  Who thought I would ever enjoy working more than eating??--I think this meal was a first!I got steamed veggies and brown rice.  Now I expected it to be pretty bland, since it mentioned no sauces added at all.  But the vegetables were rubbery, not crisp like they should be after a good steaming. The rice was pretty underdone as well, so all-in-all, they got nothing right.  I tried adding some sauces to liven it up a bit, but it was too little, too late.Perhaps the biggest disappointment was the egg drop soup.  I usually add pepper to mine because I like the extra kick, but this needed much more help than a little pepper.  It was very bland, and didn't taste like anything.  Tasteless egg in water is definitely NOT something you want to keep eating.  And, of course, there was no salt and pepper on the table, so I couldn't even enjoy it the way I like. Because I didn't pay, I didn't complain to the waiter, but normally this would not have passed by me.  Though the lunch prices are pretty reasonable, I still would not return here if given the choice.
3	I visited the PF Chang's in the South Park area recently, and it was just okay for me. Not horrible, and definitely not spectacular, but just okay. We sat at the bar and the best part of our experience here was the bubbly bartender and the lone businessman sitting next to us. We had good conversation with them. But hey, you are reading this for a food review. So here goes:Hot N Sour soup = pretty good. I must now admit that I have some insight into the land of PF Chang's, considering I used to be an employee at a NY location. Let's all be serious here; it's a chain, the mcdonald's of chinese food. The kitchen just pumps the meals out, and you will notice that you can have anything on the menu sitting in front of you within 5 or 6 minutes, minus the chilean seabass. They are so busy, and spit the food out so fast, it just isn't the kind of place that you are going to get a quality meal. I do recommend the mongolian beef - the mongolian sauce is excellent. Just be prepared for your hands and feet to swell given the sodium levels in this thing - out of control. I also always get the ma po tofu - this was the dish that got me into tofu in the first place, considering I never used to be able to say the word 'tofu' without gagging. It's very tasty, a bit crispy, and in a spicy/garlicky sauce with steamed broccoli. A third and final recommendation is the lemon pepper shrimp - again, the sauce is what makes this dish. If you have room for dessert, do yourself a favor and order the banana spring rolls - it's a night ender, but so worth it!I didn't find any yucky bugs in my meal, but I will say this: I've worked in plenty of restaurants, fancy and not, and I've seen them everywhere - it is inevitable that roaches will infiltrate. It's pretty unavoidable. That is disturbing though that it made it all the way onto your plate - a quality restaurant, a CLEAN restaurant, will take care of the problem right away before it gets that out of hand, and obviously PF Chang's is just not on that scale.
3	I'm not sure why all of the bad reviews on PF Changs, & while I wasn't thoroughly impressed, it's probably the best Chinese food I've had. I'm in no way a Chinese food fan & try to stay away from it as much as I can, but my girlfriend likes it so I can't always say no to it.I've only had lunch here, but the prices to me are more appropriate for a dinner visit. They have quite a unique, upscale twist on Chinese food & you get some pretty big portions. I've had a spicy chicken dish & loved it & my girlfriend loved her meal as well. As for sauces, they hand mix some sort of tasty sauce right at your table. Everything I had at my meal was tasty & I'll go back again if my girlfriend wants to go.If I were a Chinese food fan, I'd have given PF Changs 4 stars, but with my disdain for this type of food I can only give it a 3.
4	I just can't find any Chinese food that I like better than P.F. Changs in the Charlotte area. I'm willing to pay the big bucks for good mongolian beef since I can't find any edible mongolian beef anywhere else. I also dig their spring rolls, not too greasy and not too big. Everyone seems to love the lettuce wraps, I'm not a fan of water chestnuts and they are in there, so I can't get over the texture, but otherwise the lettuce wraps are delish. The crispy honey chicken is also good, that is what my husband orders and we split that and the mongolian beef. If you don't want to fight the crowds, call in take-out, it's just as good at home in your comfy clothes as it is in the semi up-tight south park location. Seriously people.. it's a chain restuarant, it's not an exclusive 5 star place. No need to turn up your noses.You get lots of food, good service and a semi-hefty check at the end, but really it's worth every penny.Call ahead for reservations on the weekends! It's super busy!
4	Last night I was really craving some Chinese food and wanted something a bit more upscale than the usual places we go (Ginbu and Taipei Express, to name a few), so we headed to PF Chang's. Normally I try to stay away from chains like this and go to local places, but Charlotte isn't known for its stellar ethnic food and I knew I'd like the food at PF Chang's.The Mongolian beef seems to be popular among other reviewers and I have to agree. It's pretty delicious. My boyfriend had the shrimp fried rice, which was also good. Our server was really pleasant and helpful. All in all, it was a good dining experience. And I had enough left over to eat Mongolian beef for lunch today.
4	If you're familiar with PF Chang's and their look, you probably wouldn't recognize this one in the SouthPark area.  To blend in any strict SouthPark codes, the restaurant looks like every other building in the area on the outside with just their name added.  Not until you get up to the front door (hidden in a breezeway) do you begin to recognize the establishment.  I've been to this PF Chang's a few different times and had varied experiences.  The first few times were good, as expected.  Then I had the most crazy experience I've ever had at a restaurant.  The hostess pulled a superiority card and said she couldn't seat our party of five for 45 minutes because there were no tables available to accommodate our size.  I pointed several out to her and she shrugged her shoulders.  That's right:  she shrugged her shoulders at me.  I guess nobody taught her how to count and spot empty tables before, so my logic blew her away.  I wrote a letter and got an immediate response from the GM who was very apologetic and invited us back.  We did give them another try and have been back a couple of times since.  Our return visits have been very good.  The food always tastes delicious and the service was excellent, too.  The chicken lettuce wraps are on the appetizer menu, but they make a fantastic meal for one.  I feel like I'm eating so healthy -- yet so tasty -- when I choose them.   If I'm really hungry, I go for the Ginger Chicken with Broccoli or Ground Chicken with Eggplant.  It's tough to decide between the two for me.  And usually it's white rice for me as an accompaniment (instead of their other option of brown rice).  I tried the Orange Peel Chicken once, not realizing how much orange peel they really put in the entree.  Ever eaten a lot of orange peel?  It's bitter.  And totally ruins the flavor of the meal.  And there isn't enough soy sauce in the world to correct it.  So what did I learn?  Orange Chicken good.  Orange PEEL Chicken bad.  One of my favorite touches at PF Chang's is that they offer a variety of sauces at the tables.  You can mix your own combination of oil, vinegar, hot mustard, soy sauce, and chili pepper sauce if you want to...or just go straight for the chili pepper sauce solo and let the heat take over.  YUM.  The last time we were there, we splurged and got dessert, too?  Why?  They were tiny and calling our names.  For about $2, you can order a mini dessert (about two spoonfuls in a shotglass) just "for a taste."  That way, you get the flavor without all the calories!  I tried 3 different ones -- and, mind you, I LOVE chocolate -- but the carrot cake one (with cream cheese frosting) was my favorite.p.s. I rated PF Chang's not good for kids because they don't have kids' menus.
5	Gluten Free/Allergy SensitiveHuge GF menu with many options for appetizers, entree's and dessert!I alsoways have the GF cucumbers, Shanghai Noodles, and chocolate dome.Never had a problem here-the waiter told me a secret the GF food is always served on round plates and the non-GF is served on square plates.
3	I had been wanting to try PF Chang's for quite a while and was even really excited when a coworker invited me to go. I had very high expectations because I have only heard great things about it. I was definitely let down. First of all, the wait was over an hour and a half. Second, the famous lettuce wraps were not the best I have ever eaten. Third, my meal of Lemon Prawns was bland and unimaginative. The best part of the meal was the delicious organic coffee I ordered. I was highly dissapointed and quite angry I spent so much for so little. I do not see what the big fuss is about PF Chang's, I don't I'll be back anytime soon
3	On a coworker's suggestion, three of us visited for lunch. For 12:30 on a weekday, the place was barely a third filled. The three hostesses were clearly underworked trying to organize the few customers into tables.PF Chang's has a special lunch menu if you want to save a few bucks. I had the Almond and Cashew Chicken with brown rice. The $10 meal comes with a bowl of egg drop or hot & sour soup. There was plenty of chicken (not fried! yay!) and a large serving of rice - enough to take half of the meal home in a nice container. The sauce was very flavorful, though it seemed to be a little light on both the almonds and the cashews.One friend ordered the Combination Lo-Mein from the main menu and was very satisfied. He said that there was plenty of beef, chicken and shrimp in there.The waiter was attentive without being overbearing. He mentioned that each of the staff has their own recipe for the condiments, preparing his own recipe in front of us. If you ask me, it seemed a little silly, but it's part of the charm that is PF Chang's. After the meal, he brought over the dessert tray. The cheesecake and mini-cheesecakes looked good, as did the six-layer chocolate cake that must have been the size of a small football. We declined.Good service, good food, a decent price for a lunch meal.
3	We went to PF Chang's today, you know as far as chains go it is decent.  There is bound to be something for even the biggest food snob and the timid eater.  Isn't that what a chain restaurant is?  Food for the masses?We had shrimp dumplings, Mongolian beef and shrimp, scallop & snowpeas.  Not my choices, but I was with two people, I just let them order and we shared, no biggie.  Sometimes you just have to go with the flow.Service was great.  In fact, our server was so professional, I need to send PF Changs an email, he was perfect.  He was friendly, never intrusive and knew we were celebrating a birthday and brought us cake, he didn't have to do all that!!  I like to go to PFC about 3 times a year.  It is what it is!
2	Gross, what happened?! It has been a while since I have been to PF Chang's. It used to be one of my favorites...I remember going to a conference and I ate at the PF Chang's across the street from my hotel every day. This last time there was pure disappointment. From the quality of the food, to the service, to the taste it was as if I was at some cheap fast food joint. Each dish tasted like it had the same sauce as a base. It was way too salty! Since when did they start rationing out their rice? We got a very tiny portion of rice and we had to keep asking for more to soak up the salty sauce on the dish. Blah. The service was super slow to greet us at the table and to bring us what we needed. Made for a very unenjoyable experience. Blah...and I'm sad that it wasn't better.
2	The only thing I like during my experience at PF Chang's was the egg drop soup. The steamed rice served looked like the cheapest long grain rice you can find in Walmart. Aside from being uncooked it was dry and loose, not the usual sticky Asian rice. Such a shame being an Asian restaurant where rice is the main staple and shouldn't be messed up. I find the rice in any Chinese buffet way much better! And actually it seemed like the food we had at PF Chang's were clones of your neighborhood Chinese buffets. We had Mongolian beef because it seems like they said it's one of the best but what I had was a beef stewed in sweet soy sauce with tons of chives. We also had the Cantonese shrimp which was very bland and didn't taste a thing. I say, it is overrated add to that over priced for such a taste. Thanks for the experience anyway.
4	I tried PF Changs for the first time EVER a few weeks ago. Seeing that I love restaurants and Asian food, I don't know why it took me so long.  We had awesome service when we went, our server was training their new manager which I thought was cool. He went into further detail saying that new management has to shadow every job in the restaurant so they get a feel of all parts of the restaurant so they could provide the best service possible. Two thumbs up for that. We enjoyed cocktails such as the PFX (which of course I kept calling the P90X) X-RATED Fusion Liqueur, Mango Vodka and Pama Liqueur shaken with a splash of Sprite and the Lucky Cat Martini (Vanilla Vodka, Chambord, Pineapple Juice)which I will go back there again just for that.We started off with the famous lettuce wraps. I say famous because anytime I hear someone talking about PF Changs, they always rave about how wonderful they are. They didn't disappoint. When our entrees came out, I didn't realize that it was a family style kind of thing going on but I like that. I always have food envy so I was happy that I got to try other things besides the Orange Peel Chicken that I  ordered. Everything was fabulous......except my fortune in my fortune cookie.
2	So when I moved to Charlotte I would always ask people where the best Chinese restaurant was.  And if you can believe it, I was told PF Chang's by countless people, most of whom did not know it was a chain.  It's like moving somewhere and asking for the best hamburger in town and everyone tells you it's Mickey D's!  Exactly.So I did actually go since I had never been and the food was barely Asian as it was.  The only thing I liked were the lettuce wraps, I ordered the Mongolian beef and it was ok, but certainly nothing to write home about..  To conclude, this is a place for those who may want to dip their toe into Asian cuisine, but if you go here expecting great or even authentic Chinese food you will be sorely disappointed
4	There was a time when I would eat here on a weekly basis.  While there is very little you could term "authentic cuisine" here, I've got to vote with my taste buds and just admit I'm still a sucker for this place.  (Boos and hisses from the crowd.)I'm even a given for their often too-hyped appetizer- the chicken lettuce wraps (bonus for the vegetarian version too- equally good I've found).  Nobody does it this good- all the components are finely chopped and the cups of lettuce are perfectly shaped.  I even like the sauce they create for you table-side.  Start with ponzu sauce as a base, then add spicy mustard and chili sauce for some spice.  My one gripe on this app is that they never bring out enough lettuce cups.  Every table always needs a few more here.  Why not just bring them out to start with?The main dishes are broken down by the type of meat you desire and these is (again) a nicer section for the vegetarians.  Almost everything you see is a take on a well-known American chinese dish- beef and broccoli, moo goo gai pan chicken, etc.  I just find that most, if not all, of these dishes are exceptionally well executed.  Score one for consistency.  I also find portions are big enough to share, and they generally have the price tag to match.  Luckily you also get a choice of brown or white rice, and they'll bring as much s you need.My personal favorite is their kung pao chicken.  Sauteed with hot chili peppers and peanuts, the chicken is crispy without being breaded and has  nice touch of spice.  I also put the spicy sauce from the lettuce wraps on my rice- make it as spicy as you dare!Couple of notes of interest here- their iced tea is all now flavored- tropical breeze or some other fruity mix.  Not too bad but not too good either.  For something different, try one of their many hot teas- the dragon oolong is especially nice.  They have also begun pushing these mini-dessert cups that cover most of the well-known desserts categories- red velvet cake, carrot cake, smores, etc.  These are about 3-4 bites big and they all come from the freezer.  I'm not a fan.  These still have a massive cake slice called the great wall of chocolate and, believe me, you will need a small army to surmount it.Watch out for crowds on the weekends.  Friday and Saturday night used to have a wait that could top an hour.  Most any other time, you should be able to walk right in without any wait whatsoever.  As a big corporate chain, I should hate this place, but I just can't deny how good this place tastes.  And the primary rule is just this- let the flavor rule.  PF's has the flavor.
4	Went here for dinner the other night.  I've been to other PF Chang's before, but not this location.  I felt a little under-dressed... maybe the SouthPark crowd has a different definition of "casual" dining... but oh well nobody really called me out, but I definitely noticed a different "dress code" everyone else was following.  I didn't get the memo.Anyways, the most important part:  the food!.  I ordered a chinese beer and a cup of egg drop soup to start... Lemon Scallops as my main dish with brown rice.  YUM.  There wasn't anything left on my plate.  I probably could have eaten more, but the portion size was good.The parking lot at Phillips Place can be a nightmare sometimes.  Some people don't follow directions too well and park in spaces that are not spaces!  Anyways, I give myself a lot of time to get there so I was able to find a space with no problem, it was just getting out since some ____ (insert colorful word there) parked behind me and I had a time trying to back out of my legal parking space.Our server was nice even though we were a big group and we also had a 1 year old with us.  He was a good sport about it and kept our glasses refilled and made sure all our food was good. Overall a good dinner.
5	Oh yea I'm a fan for sho!! So, my better and half and I frequent this place quite a bit!  It's awesome!  Make a reservation, they're always busy!  So for a surprise bday party, they were incredibly accommodating for the 12 people that I had invited and even allowed for me to bring an ice cream cake and borrow their ice box for it!  The waitress was a rock star by far this passed time.  She got every ones order correctly entered and the kitchen rocked it out!  I recommend the curry veggies!  Yum!!!  As far as the bday!  Oh yea, he was surprised and the cake was Epic World of Warcraft..with people coming from around the restaurant to check it out once the kitchen prepped it..  I hear I got some bonus points for this one :)
3	I don't know why, but it's always hard for me to get overly excited about a chain restaurant.  I like PF Chang's and it's a nice place to have an asian-inspired meal.  It's especially good for people who are reluctant to try different types of food outside of the usual american food (it's a good place to take that first step).  For some reason PF Chang's has a hard time getting repeat business out of me unless I'm meeting up with friends and they picked the restaurant.  I went to this location on a Wednesday evening to meet a group for a birthday party around 8pm and this place was overflowing with people.  I have never felt so grateful to have a reservation.  We had one waitress for a group of around 11 people and she did a surprisingly good job of keeping all of our orders straight and staying on top of drink refills.  At the time I was trying to watch my calorie intake closely and there weren't too many low-cal entree options.  I ended up ordering the chicken lettuce wraps with extra spice.  They were decent but probably not something I would ever crave.  The hubby ordered some kind of spicy chicken-coated-in-sauce entree that didn't seem to have too much flavor.Overall, ok food at slightly above average cost.
3	Somehow this one is the lesser of the PF Chang's that I have tried.  Normally PF Chang's is 5 star.  This one seems to try hard but doesn't quite reach the upper ranges than some PF Chang's I have visited.  Take out is a plus, with good take-out parking spots reserved.
5	Went here for lunch was busy but food and service were great!!!
2	And the adventure begins to P.F.Changs.......On this adventure, we carefully chose our 2:45pm time slot, Just after the church crowd, and just before the early birds who retire early for the evening. The number of guest in the restaurant were few, although we did notice a few smaller groups in the right side of the dining area, the left side was quite empty.  The view from the entrance allows you to view the kitchen, and it was bustling with food, and servers appeared to be quite busy moving the food out of the kitchen window.  We did witness a first hand accident which occurred at the kitchen doorway, which resulted in a loss of a few meals and dishes......I guess someone else in the restaurant was also on an adventure. I would refer to this as a detour or unscheduled event.After approximately five minutes we were seated in the far left of the restaurant, just a few tables over from a party of thirteen.  This is where the adventure begins.......I will have a few rules of visiting restaurants at the end of this review.....We were approached by our server, whom I will name "K", she was very helpful at first, but that is where it ended.  On this occasion we had the Kung Pao Chicken and the Chicken Lo Mein, our drinks were sweet tea, and water.  Let me re-phrase that, our drinks were suppose to be sweet tea and water. Water, check, Sweet tea - negative Ghostrider.  This tea was un-sweet and there were no sweeteners in sight.  After a few minutes "K" returned, we requested a few sweeteners, and this sufficed.Our meal came out in a timely fashion, approx 15-20 minutes.  The portion sizes were nice, just enough for possibly two people to share, or if you are like me, the size was just right for a good hearty meal.  I enjoyed the Kung Pao, it was fresh, hot in temperature, just a few scallions, just enough red hot chili peppers, and the chicken had a nice crisp yet gentle taste.  I would consider this a very good meal and for the food,  I give it 4 stars.  My wife's meal was also very good, the noodles were cooked very nicely, and if there were any complaints it was that the chicken was lacking in the lo mein.....again, the food for her meal 4 stars.Now the reason for the 2 star review.  The service.  Have you ever met someone and felt, "Gee I really want to like this person, I want them to do very well, I want them to succeed, I want them to just do what it is that they do best", but in this case, I was neglected, my wife was neglected and to make matters worse, the table of thirteen near us, was receiving all of her attention.  I drink water at my meals, I drink ALOT of water, at this meal, I had ONE glass of water, no refills, no follow ups, and this water was empty well into the meal.I had to leave the last of my meal, because I did not have any water to wash down the white rice, which as one knows can be bland, if there is no water to help wash it down.So here are the rules that should always be followed. ( I broke a few)1. If the restaurant is empty and you have to wait more than 5 minutes to be seated, leave.....leave quickly. (this is NOT a good sign)2. If you witness an accident involving 2 or more employees which result in dropped meals and drinks, resulting in broken dishes. Leave, leave quickly, that could be your meal next on the floor.  (this is not a good sign)3. If you are seated right next to a big party and your server is attending to them, you are delightfully screwed in your needs and this is truly not a good sign. ASK for a different server and section....4. If you can't motion your server over due to the fact that they are so focused on others, and you are unable to view them due to your poor seating arrangement. ( I may want to consider wearing a clown shirt)5. If your server apologizes to you AFTER the meal, then it may be just a little to late to receive a good tip. This is what I refer to as your OMG moment that you were dreading..... it's called ....the bad dining experience.So to break this down:The Pros: 1 Good Food, (reasonably priced)2 Nice atmosphere, 3. Beautiful statues of horses, 4. Swinging door entrance, and 5. Good location.The Cons: 1. Waiting for an empty table in an relatively empty restaurant. 2. Mirrors reflected smudge marks on every mirror located in our dining area. 3. Service, 4. Service, 5. And ServiceSo,  to sum up the dining experience it would have been a very strong 4 stars, but the service brought that down to a very strong 2 Stars. I will be back, but I will be assured that I will be in a different section, and insist on a different server. NCFoodGuy
2	PF Chang I love your decor, and your complimentary valet! Your service is pretty nice as well, unintrusive, informative, and friendly. However your food seems to be lacking something for me, and the prices aren't that cool either.When we walked in we were seated promptly in a nice section. It's such a nice restaurant, but for the quality of food you get for the price it's woefully lacking. I guess what you're really paying for is location and service because both are top notch. We ordered a bunch of menu items and I seriously can't remember my meal there. Stuff tends to be either too salty or too bland, and tastes pretty much the same.I really wanted to like this place, but I don't think I'll be back. When I'm in the mood for some americanized Chinese I think I'll just stick to the takeout place for tastier food at half the price.
4	I visited this location recently with my family, and I have to say that this location is substantially better than the Northlake location.  I used to work at Changs, and have my reservations about the quality and authenticity of the food, but I know that it tastes good!  Service was impeccable here, the manager visited the table to make sure we were enjoying our experience, and the food presentation was noticeably better than at Northlake.  Our server added several dishes to our meal at no cost to round out our dining experience.  Next time I'm at Changs, I'll be at this location.
3	I've been here a couple of times, and while I've had good experiences both times, it's just not all that great. The decor is interesting, the servers I've had have all been attentive and gave great service, and the food is always good. My real problem is that while the food is good, it tastes the same as my neighborhood take-out place. It's hard to rationalize spending $16 on sesame chicken that tastes the same as the $9 sesame chicken combo at the place around the corner. If the price is double, I'm expecting some miraculous-tasting chicken.If I'm invited out with a group, I'll go again, but until that happens I'm sticking with Bei Jing Chinese.
4	Nice spot.Can't really complain about this chain - great service and solid food.  Showed up here before closing for a some quick grub before knocking out at home.  Had the chicken lettuce wraps and hot'n'sour soup.  Admittedly, I was quite inebriated - the food was great.  The best "chinese" food I've had in Charlotte thus far...dmo out
5	This has to be my favorite place to eat.  The food is always consistent and worth waiting for.  I have never had a bad meal here.  I crave the orange peel shrimp occasionally and have to go get my fix!  Their lettuce wraps are the best around.  I've tried them from other restaurants and they don't hold a candle to PF Chang's.  It is very moderately priced and affordable but the ambiance of the establishment gives you the feel of a more upscale and expensive dining experience.  If you haven't been yet you have to try it!
5	Our family really loves PF Changs.  In fact, our 11-year-old wanted her birthday meal with the family here.  We really enjoy the happy hour specials, 3p-6p.  We get a little bit of everything off the appetizer menu that feeds a family of four perfectly.
4	Yes, this is a chain restaurant, but the quality of the food is excellent and consistent. I really like their Happy Hour menu. Great little bites of food that taste great and are perfect for that time of evening. Some of their handmade cocktails are really tasty. Nice decor and great vibe. The wait for a table can be long at times. The service can be hit or miss. But I have yet to eat something there that didin't taste and look great.
1	I had a horrible experience getting take out from the local PF Changs take out. I had been home and not feeling well the last couple of days craving take out from PF Chang's. I found it the worst food I have ever gotten at from PF Changs in 2 states in the last 10 years. The gallon of "fresh" tea was so syrupy I could not drink it. The vegetarian dish had soggy vegetables and awful tasting curry that I could not eat it. The side order of fried green beans was soft, soggy, and very cold with a poorly made fish sauce on the side. I could not eat any of it and I spent a small fortune ordering for my family. I would have returned it for a reorder, however I have been getting over an illness and not able to drive. My daughter who picked it up had to leave. What happened to this restaurant? It was an awful dining experience and I do expect some type of reparation for this terrible eating experience. I ended up eating crackers and peanut butter at home instead. Just awful!To add insult to injury, this is the same restaurant where I found that the wait staff would pocket the change from the bill when paid with cash. I let this pass the first time and the 2nd time I asked the manager if this was their policy, with an embarrassed looks from the nearby wait staff. I used to absolutely love this chain, however it has become a poor excuse for a restaurant. I wrote the main office
4	The steamed shrimp dumplings are out of this world!
3	Great chinese food is hard to find... so hard to find, in fact, that most people have never even tasted it.   In the US you can find it in San Francisco, New York, and Boston...  but that's it.   The rest of the country will never know GREAT chinese food, but they may be lucky enough to find good chinese food.   The vast majority of Americans will only ever get OKAY chinese food.P.F. Chang's is better than OKAY and  just shy of being GOOD chinese food, which is why so many people who don't know what good chinese food is get so excited about this place.P.F. Chang's is basically just a a couple steps up from the Panda Express at your local food court... except it's a lot more expensive.  The ONLY thing that stops me from giving P.F. Chang's a lower rating is that they actually make a really fantastic hot and sour soup- which is an incredibly hard thing to find.The hot and sour soup is always salty- sometimes too salty... but when they do it just right, it's very delicious.   *In case you're wondering, there is good chinese food in charlotte... or at least something very close to it.   Look for a little place called Wan-Fu at 10719 Kettering Drive.
2	Ok, after my horrendous food experience with the take out food from this establishment I wrote the corporate office who sent me a nice note and a gift certificate to retry the restaurant. Which I did. The service and waitress was nice and attentive, however the food is still lacking. This chain used to be a top notch dining experience for Chinese chain upscale restaurant. However, the cooks at this restaurant has gone steadily downhill in the last two years so I think they must have had a change in their kitchen. The egg drop soup was fine, nothing great. My daughter's sesame chicken was passable, a little tough, she did not eat half of it (which she loves). My salmon was dry and flavorless with the filler rice. The waitress did not go over the sauces and that used to be a big service flavor enhancement. The won tons were good. I do not think I will go there again without a gift certificate. Honestly, Panda Express tastes just as good at this point. A disappointing end to a previously well loved restaurant. Too bad, I hope they change cooks.
2	Wow.So-so Chinese food for twice the price.No wonder, it's a chain restaurant. Hey, they sell their food in the frozen food department at the grocery store, too. It might be the same quality. That may or may not be sad depending on the consumer. Is it that good from the freezer? Do they just microwave one of those bad boys in the restaurant?The prices might be worth it for dinner but lunch? Ha. Ha. Ha.Your pal,Walter
3	Yes it's a chain and serves non authentic Chinese. Yes it is pretty good. Happy hour has some pretty solid deals.
4	I love PF Chang's and have since I was little! It seems like some stuff has changed a little bit though. I was disappointed that our lettuce wraps only came with 3 pieces of lettuce, granted we were given more after we asked. But they were still delicious! Our dinner was great-Spicy Chicken and Garlic Noodles the Asparagus wasn't too good though...it kind of tasted like cologne to be honest.Other than that, I will forever stay loyal to PF Chang's and the Great Wall of Chocolate!!!
3	I may have ended up rating this place at about 2 stars had it not been for the fast, friendly and efficient service by our waitress.Walked in for lunch, late afternoon (around 3 PM) on a Thursday and as expected the place was only ~20% full. However, had to wait 10 minutes to be seated!?!?Did not bother to ask why since the hunger had overtaken the irritationAs mentioned in an earlier review, the menu is limited and does not offer the variety one would expect.The appetizer portion sizes are below average and may leave you asking for more especially if you are planning to share.The main course dishes we ordered did not have any sauce (it would have been nice to have been told this by the waitress) as it meant having semi dry food with steamed rice.In terms of taste, I would rate the appetizers 4 stars and the main course 3 stars - they got the right spices but could have toned down the sweetness in some of the items.Overall a good experience but not impressive per se.
4	Had lunch there this past Sunday,12:30 is a great time to go as it is not very busy. We were greeted instantly upon walking in and within a minute or two we were seated.We were greeted by a server who said that our server would be right over, he took our drink order for us  and returned quickly with our drinks.We started with the lettuce wraps, they were great and we had some left over and asked to have them packaged to take with us, the server included more wraps with out us having to ask for them, AWESOME. We also ordered Wonton Soup but our entrees arrived so we opted to take the soup home, which served as a great snack that evening. I had the Norwegian Salmon, excellent dish, cooked perfectly and a great healthy meal.Overall a good experience, even though the service was a little slow the waiter was very nice and we will be back.
4	Went to PF Changs on a Sunday night before memorial day. It was pretty busy, but we had a reservation and were seated promptly. Our waitiress introduced herself, and brought us our waters. The plan was to split 2 apps and 1 main course. We got the Seared Ahi Tuna and the Northern Style Ribs, The tuna was very good, I'm a sucker for tuna apps. The ribs were delicious as well, they fell right off of the bone. There was a bit of fatty tissue on them, though. We then split the Orange Peel Beef, which I thought was okay, but I probably wouldn't get it again. Just didn't like how it tastes, although I know plenty of people like it.Service was below average, our waitress didn't smile or talk at all until the very end, when we gave her our Warrior Card number. Tip: sign up for Warrior Rewards and you'll get free lettuce wraps just for signing up, which are delicious. The floor of the restaurant was also a little dirty, which I didn't like.Overall, a good experience at PF Chang's. I would definitely visit again.
4	Authentic-NO, Very good- YES! We LOVE PF Changs! It's a great value for flavorful food! Our favorite starter is the chicken lettuce wraps. (They have a great gluten free selection!) I also love the hot and sour soup. It is very hearty and tasty! Our favorite entree is the Chengdu Spiced Lamb! WOW! The smokey cumin makes this dish very savory! We get it every time! I also like the Hot Fish and the Singapore Street Noodles! Also, the brown rice is excellent, very nutty and cooked perfect every time.  The Great Wall of Chocolate is superb, especially because of the fresh berries! For a gluten free dessert you must try the chocoloate dome (also with berries)!
5	My husband and I are frequent diners at PF Changs and we genuinely love it.  We typically steer-clear of chain restaurants, but we always make an exception for PF Changs.  We've been going there for years and we have never had a bad meal.  There are some dishes that we like better than others, but we have never had a sub-par dining experience.   The food is consistently good and the service is always excellent.My husband and I dined at PF Changs last night (Saturday night) and we brought another couple with us.  I made online reservations earlier in the day and had no trouble getting the time that I wanted (6:30).   When we arrived, the parking lot was expectedly full so we took advantage of the free valet parking.  The restaurant was very, very busy...there people waiting outside as well.  We arrived just after 6:30 and they had us seated within 5 minutes.  We started with drinks...Blue Moon for my husband, Asian Pear Mojito for me (Delicious!!!!), Bacardi & Coke and Red Wine for our friends.  For appertizers, we ordered Pork Dumplings and Chicken Lettuce Wraps.  When the runner brought the Chicken Lettuce Wraps, he made a comment that the 4 of us shouldn't have to share just one dish...so a few minutes later he arrived with another dish (and more lettuce), on the house.  Very nice way to start off our meal!   To me, it's those types of gestures that kicks PF Changs up a notch or two and we have had a handful of these types of gestures over the years.   The lettuce wraps were hot, fresh, flavorful, and delicious!  The Pork Dumplings were also very tasty!On to the entrees...Tuna Tataki Crisps for me.  They are so excellent!  Round, fried wonton as the vessel, topped with Seared Ahi Tuna topped with diced Ahi tuna, cucumber and scallions tossed in a citrus-sesame soy sauce.  The crisp wonton and the soft tasty tuna are perfect together!  Mongolian Beef for my husband.  This is the best Mongolian Beef that we have found to date.  The sauce is scrumptious, the meat is lean, tender and moist, and the scallions add a nice freshness to the dish.Our friends ordered Orange Peel Chicken and Dan Dan Noodles and they both loved their dishes!For the table to share...Garlic Noodles (my favorite).  I CRAVE these Noodles!  The menu describes this dish as "Egg noodles tossed with garlic and chili pepper flakes".  However, that description doesn't do it justice.  The noodles are tender, the sauce is savory, but not too powerful and it has a touch of sweetness, and it's topped with julienned cucumber and fresh Cilantro.  Outstanding served fresh, even better eaten cold (out of the fridge) the next day....if it makes it that long!   I've been known to order an extra to take to a cookout the next day.Pork Fried Rice (my husband's favorite).  Everyone has their fried rice preferences.  For us, we don't like sticky fried rice, we don't like it over seasoned (over salty), and we don't like too many veggies (especially the frozen peas and carrots that most take-out establishments like to use).  Chang's Fried Rice is made with egg, julienne carrots, bean sprouts, sliced scallions, and just the right amount of soy sauce.  Perfect!We completed our meal with a couple of dessert minis...Tiramisu and Lemon Dream.  Both were tasty and just the right size following a big meal.  Excellent meal, once again.  We all left full, satisfied, and happy.  We will continue to dine to PF Changs over and over again.  Yes, we really love it that much.  The dishes may not be "authentic', but there is something to be said for consistently delicious Asian-inspired food.  For us, PF Changs is the restaurant equivalent of a familiar and reliable friend.  We all have many acquaintances that we enjoy, but the reliable friends are few and far between.P.S. I've posted pictures of the entrees.
4	Had lunch.  Everything was good.  Great service.
1	come on.... if you want Chinese, dont go to a chain owned by Americans.  THis is a waste of time and money.
2	Overpriced faux-Chinese slop for white people.  It's a chain and has the word "bistro" in the name.  Do the math.If you like overly sweet, gloopy, cornstarch-thickened sauces, this place is for you.  The ingredients themselves are high quality, but the portions are small and prices are really high, all things considered.  Any strip mall Chinese slophouse can do about the same or better.  If you're still on the search for really good Chinese in Charlotte, look elsewhere.  Consider yourself warned.
4	I read a review earlier about pf changs that fully captures my opinion of the place. It's consistent and the food is good and well-prepared. Now I'll admit, my Asian friends and family back home tend to give pf changs a bad rap because its not authentic. And, well it's not authentic. It more asian fusion than it is Chinese, but that's ok. It takes some of the flavors and influences that are more universally appealing and appreciated and makes signature dishes out of those. And it is pretty well executed, in my opinion. I've been to a number of Pf changs locations over the years and I like this location a lot. I actually dined here two weeks ago and my wife, friends and I really enjoyed ourselves. The waitstaff was excellent. Our food was fresh and delicious and the bar is decent too. I like my experience there and honestly have never had a bad pf changs experience ever.
2	We got a lovely gift card from some friends and we decided to use it for our first time here for an Anniversary lunch.  First of all, the service was fantastic.  But the food was not outstanding for the price or the ambiance.  For $25 we got a salad, a bowl of sweet & sour soup, white rice, fried rice, and small portions of the Scallops and Pepper Steak.  The scallops were tender, but were very much coated & fried in an oriental sauce. It had no spice or bite at all. The pepper steak was edible, but not delicious or memorable by any means.  We appreciate the gift to be able to try it, but we were thankful we didn't come for a full dinner to spend extra.  As others have mentioned, there are plenty of other Chinese restaurants around town that are much, much better.
1	Consistently disappointing...I struggled with whether to provide 1 or 2 stars and finally landed on one due to several factors: experience, price, and overall poor food quality.  Having visited PFs several times in the past I had vowed not to return but was persuaded by my wife and the nagging popularity of the place that has me asking myself: 'Maybe I am missing something here'...We did takeout and were told when we called that it would require an hour to prepare the food (we had called at 6PM and were expecting a little time, however that seemed excessive).  Upon arrival they had screwed up the order and to their credit did try to make things right by providing the food error to us for free while working 'on a rush' to correct the mistake.  All fine and good, but caused a delay of 25 minutes for our food with a screaming 2 week old in the car.  We had Lo Mein that was excessively greasy while the vegetables lacked any crisp.  The dish had little flavor behind the grease, but with enough Sararchi sauce I could numb my mouth beyond taste. It felt like a dish that had been reheated in the microwave.  The portion was large, but whats a good sized portion if the food is low quality.  My wife had crispy honey shrimp that was slightly better, but the portion in this case was on the skimpy side.  Their heralded lettuce wraps were just OK as well, with more water chestnuts than chicken and again lacking much flavor. With the overall poor experience we will steer of PFs in the future and look for smaller, more locally owned operations for our Aisan fix.
4	Yes, I'm a fan of P.F. Chang's. Took the wife & daughter to dinner there the other night. We had a great time. We seem to always choose a bunch of appetizers instead of entrees and just make a meal out of them. This go around saw us trying their staple, the lettuce wraps, along with the lemongrass chicken pan fried wan tons and the Dynamite Shrimp plus a couple others. The lemongrass chicken wan tons were bursting with flavor. The dynamite shrimp were top notch! Very similar to Bang Bang Shrimp at Bonefish but these shrimp are bigger! Plus they got served in a martini glass (nice touch). A big shout out to our waitress, Ramona, and the rest of the team! Super friendly and very attentive! If there was any complaints it would be the overall set up. The tables are pretty close together so there isn't much in the way of privacy. The food & service makes up for that.
4	I know it's a chain, but I am definitely a fan of the Chang's.  Located at Phillips Place near SouthPark Mall, it serves as a central meeting place for lunch with the girls that come from the far corners of the Charlotte area and has consistently good service and food.  Meeting a girlfriend here for lunch today, we were both starving when we got there and couldn't wait to dig in.  My dining companion started off with the Salt & Pepper Calamari, which I did not have any of, but it appeared to be well prepared, and must have been good because she ate it all (it's not a huge portion).Their lunch items are served with either a cup of soup or a salad.  I chose the egg drop soup - it is so good here.  Light, with a good broth, with whisps of eggs rather than big ole globs.  Served with fried crispy strip things (you know what I am talking about) that were light and fresh.  For my entree I ordered the Mongolian Beef, which I LOVE.  That is my all-time favorite dish and I almost always order it (I am boring, once I find what I like, I stick with it, lest I order something else and be pissed if I don't like it).  It is served with white or brown rice or for $1 more, fried rice.  The beef was tender, well cooked and all nice-sized quality pieces of beef.For dessert (I told ya... I was starving... and I knew my dinner tonight was going to be a $.20 package of ramen noodles) I ordered the Banana Spring Rolls which are pretty much bananas wrapped in a spring roll wrapper, fried and then served with coconut-pineapple ice cream and drizzled with caramel and vanilla sauces.  Light-ish and quite good.  Different.Service was very good, as it generally is whenever I go to PF Chang's.  For lunch, a drink and dessert, it was $22, which is more than I usually pay for lunch, but it was quite good and a nice afternoon with a good friend.
4	Not a big fan of American Chinese cuisine, but this makes the cut.Place - hip, Asian fusion venue, that is classy yet hip in a way that gives the place a warm and inviting atmosphere. Definitely a crowd for family/friends outing. Bar is fun for friendly gathering for some sake bombs! Bartender very attentive and awesome!Service - as mentioned, the bartender was attentive and I would def come back with my girls/guys for some fun drinks. The waiters/waitress was alright -- not bad, above average. They do tend to cater to my needs. On a busy night, it is harder for them. Also when it late towards closing, I don't see them being as attentive long. Food - ummm... Ok. I am biased. But being very nice, it is average. They do serve a large portion, and there is a wide selection of entrees! So anyone can find something that they want, whether its seafood, poultry, meat, veggie -- etc!Yes, as I am such a fan of authentic Chinese restaurant, I'd come back. I like the atmosphere, the location, and the bartendering service!
3	Decent for a chain, food really salty thou and the prices are higher than 'typical' chiense places but the quality is a lot better,
1	i found out that portion size is good, then bad. i complained to corporate and they blocked my ip address. do not go there, they have no customer service!!!
3	Having been here for both lunch and dinner I can absoutely report that P.F. Changs is A-OK.  The appeal has lost its luster to me personally because I have been there pretty often when I use to work on that side of town but it's still a great place for food and great quality food at that.   The service is always solid and I can honestly say I've never had a bad meal.  Lettuce wraps, seared ahi tuna and low mein meals really do the trick for me.Parking is somewhat of a challenge here but you can always valet if you feel like it.  I suggest it really.
1	Great experience in previous visit in Orlando so tried this one in Charlotte. Apps were cold.  Waiter was loud and too casual.  Cream curdled in coffee.  Sea bass was steamed spinach coated in soy sauce.  After I have been to all other Charlotte restaurants, we may try it again.
5	Great food and great drinks.  We didn't have to ask for anything.  ANYTHING.  They anticipated everything we needed.  Great dinner!
3	Had dinner Thursday night; not very crowded around 7  pm, but there were people waiting to dine when we left. For those not familiar with PF's-it's upscale (pricier than local) Chinese/Asian. Lettuce wraps are a great way to start, very flavorful. Entrees were chicken with black bean sauce; plenty of chicken, not much else besides the sauce. It was fine but not bursting with flavor. My wife had the orange peel shrimp (her favorite salt & pepper shrimp is no longer on the menu). It had a bit of a kick and was flavorful. You have a choice of white or brown rice. Mojito cocktails were excellent, done with real lime juice. Also had a couple of glasses of wine; a chenin blanc and albarino that were surprisingly good and reasonably priced. We had a friendly, attentive server who made sure we would never have to  wait for a drink.Bottom line 3 1/2 stars.
3	This night was a packed house. It was a Tuesday and we were expecting it to be light but people were waiting outside. thank goodness it was only 2 of us. We had the wonton soup....tasted good. For entree we had the fried rice an mongolian beef. That was great. Now the rice.....humm missing some seasoning this time. The waitress was good. She was a little slow but no biggie. Maybe she had just came off lunch break. We told her about the rice being bland. She had one of the best chefs make us another order to take with us. That was nice. It was good too. We will return...it just depends on the day of the week. It won't be on a Tuesday!
4	Always Good and I love the new fresh look. Service friendly and efficient. Don't know what else one needs. Prices have gone up but so has everything.
4	I love PF Chang's,  always delicious and they added new dishes to their menu. Great pan Asian cuisine.
4	Love this place!!! Food is great!!
4	Love the food! Amazing server. Egg rolls slightly greasy tho. Long wait but it was Valentine's night. Love the 3 course dinner for 2 they offer.
4	So we came here on a random Tuesday night for dinner. I've been here once before and had take out one other time and always found it decent food but forgettable and therefore  have forgotten to review up until now. I was told the lettuce wraps were good here so we decided to stop in!Chicken Lettuce Wraps 4/5 stars - these were yummy and I could have made a meal out of it alone!!Spring Rolls 2/5 stars - ehh they were only okay not a lot of taste going on here except for the heaviness of the lemon grass. The sauce to go with it was just yucky. I do feel spoiled by another restaurant which I love who has amazing spring rolls so I can't help but compare.Mongolian Beef 4/5 stars - I didn't order this but tried it and I really liked it!! I definitely liked it better than the beef that was on my dish!!Thai beef and noodle salad  3/5 stars - I honestly am not sure how to review this one. The taste was pretty good and they allowed me to take out the cucumber and add bean sprouts and I took out the mango. However there were no noodles in my salad?? Maybe I misread something but last time I checked it was supposed to have noodles in it. I didn't feel like waiting around for them to make a new one and they were busy and it was already getting late as we'd waited awhile. The beef was good but kind of dry and not as good as the mongolian beef. Overall I liked it enough that I will order it again to at least taste it the way it's supposed to be.So averaging out it gets a little over 3 stars. I'm not sure I really want to round up on this one but since the Spring Rolls really drag it down and they were such a small part of the meal I will round up.Oh the staff was super nice and did a rather good job considering how busy it was for a Tuesday night... Seems no one wanted to stay home on that warm weather day :)
4	It's PF Chang's, it was consistent with their product but something about this location turned me off.  I sat at the bar for HH.  Crispy Green Beans were excellent but my spicy tuna roll tasted like it was pulled out of the fridge and cut.  Did not taste fresh at all.  I wish I had ordered lettuce wraps instead.  Nothing exciting about the staff.  A lot of them seemed to be standing around.  The bartender was friendly but chose to stand and stare into space instead of engaging his customers.  He also had a conversation over me with another employee about clocking in.
3	Solid place here. We went on a busy night but the service was still adequate even if we had two different servers attend to us.It's a chain that doesn't really disappoint. Run of the mill American-Chinese food here which is far much better than take-out but not as good as most authentic Asian restaurants.The location here is great in the middle of the shopping center with higher end stores nearby and the movie theater.
3	This was my first time at PF Chang's I will start buy saying this location in South park is beautiful I love the area.  Parking is rough to come back in the man lot. They do have complementary Valet parking so that is good if you're not waiting for him.  The decor is similar to every other PF Changs similar to a Cheesecake Factory.  It was VERY loud in there we had trouble hearing each other talk on a busy Saturday night.I ordered the Korean BBQ Chicken Stir fry it was pretty good nothing special or amazing but good.  My girlfriend orderd the Honey Chicken was also was good but nothing special.  All in all it you can tell they use quality ingredients in the food but it really is high priced Chinese food in my opinion. Yes I would go back but not in any hurry to go!
2	The atmosphere, perfectly reasonable. Location is convenient, especially if you're catching a flick nearby. The food here is about what you'd expect: Not stellar, but not horrible either. It's on the pricey side, but you probably know that already. It takes money to keep the engine running.What is really bad is the service. Well, that's not entirely true. The service is actually friendly - very much so, in fact. They greet you, and seat you fairly promptly (at the appropriate times), keep your beverages filled, clear plates, just about everything.But the wait for the food is absolutely ridiculous. Not one of those "where is the food" moments, but about ten of them, back to back, and it's not just when they are busy - even when the place is empty, it takes forever to be served. It could be blamed on the freshness of the food, but we're talking even soup and fairly simple stir fry or chicken dishes, so this isn't rocket science.Or perhaps it is and all those other Chinese places just do it better.
1	Another bad experience two times in a row. There must be a shortage of waitstaff in Charlotte because these people shouldn't even be working at Walmart. Both times we went for lunch and took an hour and a half. They served soup which took almost 40 minutes to get egg drop and it look like low tide in Louisiana. Big chunks of gray and black eggs floating in my egg drop soup, waitress looking at me like I was crazy. The manager came over to serve our food and asked how is everything I mention I was going to write a bad Yelp review and he said well thank you and walked away. This place used to have a long wait and now there's nobody ever there, now I understand why. Portions are small, service is bad and probably better off going to McDonald's.
5	In this area on business & decided to try it - no regrets.  Sat at bar solo.  Nice drink, beer, wine list including 4 "tap" wines.  Ordered lettuce wrap app, then seasonal special curry noodle dish.  Over-delivered and exceeded expectations for sure.  Friendly staff, great food
4	An associate of mine brought me lunch. TOGO and it was delicious. We tried the Spicy Chicken that was very flavorful and not burning your lips off. I tried their lo mein, which was delicious with varitey of meats. Finally I had the beef and broccoli with had a ginger/ orange sauce. Very tasty the beef was well cooked and medium, not tough. JUST ALL AROUND DELICIOUS.
5	Best service in the world... I ordered my soup and 3 minutes there it was. Me and my family went because we were traveling and it was very close to are hotel. And the waiter was amazing... He was busy but kept our drinks full and cleaned up plates fast and since it was July 4 we asked if he knew any firework shows around and he told us the closest place... Food was amazing and since I have braces I got egg drop soup and chicken fried rice and I'm glad I did it was amazing and didn't have to wait long at all... Will be going to more P.F Changs soon!
1	I ordered take out from this P.F. Chang's on Tuesday night and have to say that is was terrible. Not only I was the food ready 45min later than the time frame they gave me over the phone, the food was soggy, underprepard and bland. For example, the Kung Pao Shrimp was not fried as it is supposed to be and doughy. My family always orders this dish in various locations and this was by far the worst. Delay and food preparations aside, what really sets me off is that I not only waited 45 min to receive my food (altogether the preparation time was well over 60min), I have received nothing from the management as an apology but plenty of negative attitude. Maybe I am spoiled but in every P.F. Changs I have been so far, I have received a credit on the bill or a voucher if something is off. This time I have received nothing (only a half hearted apology of the manager). in my opinion, if a customer waits 45min in the restaurant for a $110 pickup order made on the phone, prepays AND still gives $5 tip, I expect to get something off the bill. Here, however, I have received nothing.I will not visit this restaurant anymore and cannot recommend it. Sadly it has lost its game - maybe it was the Tusday manager.
4	It's good and cheap(in that area).
2	Came for lunch, which I do perhaps 7-8 days each month. At 1pm, with lots of open tables, they couldn't seat me. Looks like they are having staffing problems. I also have recently experienced inconsistent preparations of the meal, sometimes it is as if a trainee cook prepared the food. So, today, zero stars, but overall two. The food for  lunch is overpriced for the quality, but typically acceptable. I eat at the PF Changs in Asheville regularly as well and find that to be a much better restaurant.
2	I hadn't been here in a while and I figured I'd give it a shot since I was out shopping it up... The Kung Pao chicken has always been my go-to, so I went for it... I called in my order for pick up and it went smoothly...Upon arriving, I was greeted and informed they have a new pick up station... I kind of like the idea of picking it up at the bar, but I get why they switched it up... Keeps the seats at the bar free, so it makes sense... I had a few minutes to wait, so I headed over to the bar, though... The bartender was quick and friendly, so that was great... He mixed me a Twisted Whiskey Sour that was positively yummy, so that was worth the trip alone...Now, I don't know if I put this food on a pedestal in my memories or what, but it was so meh... Almost painfully meh... I don't know if it was the extra spice that I ordered or what, but instead of the light crispness I remembered on the chicken, I got this sort of soggy, spicy situation... Some of the pieces were great, the others were almost unworthy of being chewed... At least the rice was good, I guess...
5	Bartender ANDRE is amazing.  Me being away from home he made me feel at home...if that makes sense.
4	Great as usual service was outstanding, a bit loud and especially the table across from us. The stand out was the dessert Banana spring Roll with Coconut-Pineapple ice cream. Smack your MoMa good.
