5	Wonderful food, in a lovely setting. Great local produce used to prepare great dishes, presented without too much fuss. Service was great. The restaurant is beautiful too, old stone pillars and opulent decor, with plenty of nooks from which to watch other diners.
4	We went to the Witchery for a late lunch after walking around the Castle.  Heard it was one of the best restaurants in Edinburgh and it lived up to expectations.For starter I had the assiette of charcuterie which was pretty good.  I selected the Fisherman's Pie as my main which was pretty good, not your normal heavy and creamy pie.  My friend got the lunch set menu and really liked it as well.I also give them props b/c while other groups were there in suits, I walked in dressed like a scrub off the street (read as: underarmour...  seriously) but they still gave us respectable service (not sure I would have).  Overall a really good restaurant a nice change of pace from normal pub food at most other establishments around the city.
4	The platter of Scottish seafood and crustacea ... exquisite ... there is nothing else to be said, but bon appetit.  When in Edinburgh, don't bypass the Witchery.
5	Lured here by Clarissa Dickson Wright's recommendation, I discovered a bewitching restaurant down a stone passageway near the Castle. Making a rez for later in the day, when I arrived I was directed downstairs where the Maitre d' awaited me. Placing me at a 2-top near the kitchen, he proffered menus and left me to read. What a great selection of foods and drinks! Sheer delight in reading the wine list while enjoying a perfect Grey Goose martini led to several small plates, oysters of couse, and a wine to match each small plate. Wonderful experience, right until I noticed a detail in the tapestry next to me that showed a dog about to lick its gaping a**hole!!!!WTF!!! Jarring to say the least. I laughed out loud and wished I brought some narrow black tape...very expensive meal and a good chuckle to boot. When I left the Maitre d' said he was envious of my meal and was quite warm. It's not often I drop USD $200 on a meal, but it's Homecoming year and I was in Edinburgh for one dinner and this was the best, hands down. Enjoy!
5	The Witchery is my MOST favorite restaurant of all time in the entire world. When I visited Edinburgh for the first time, I decided to have dinner there on my first night--and I loved it so much as I decided to make reservations there again during my last night in Edinburgh!The service is unmatched, the food is DELICIOUS, and the ambiance is "fairytale-like." Dining in the Witchery makes one feel like living out a fantasy in a place that's a cross between a Braveheart castle and a Harry Potter novel. The stone floors and all-candlelight arrangement is so romantic and so lovely that you'll swoon while you're dining.My meals included the stuffed chicken and the Loch Duart salmon. I started out with the foie gras (heavenly!) and my desserts included the Burnt Cambridge Cream and the Witchery Pudding Selection.Special thanks to the entire staff of the Witchery for 2 VERY memorable evenings!I am already planning my trip back next year...
4	We came here during our trip to Edinburgh on recommendation from a tour book. I tried to make reservations for dinner but there were no tables open until 11 pm, so I had to settle for coming during lunch.I had their herb baked scallops with smoked Iberico pancetta and garlic, with a side of salad and mashed potatoes. The scallops were so tender and delicious. My boyfriend had the light lunch with duck egg florentine and pork sausages with a side of mashed potatoes. Initially I was worried it wouldn't be enough food, but their portions are huge. They also have really good service. Overall a great dining experience.
4	great little restaurant.. portions of food were a bit small.. and the food is slightly over priced.. and the restaurant could use a bit more lighting.. service was decent thoughthe salmon and pork belly dishes were delicious though.. this is definitely a place to check out if you're in edinburgh though..
2	I was once taken here by an ex whilst trying to win me back. He thought the way to my heart was to throw money at me and give me expensive food. I think his mantra was echoing that of the restaurant itself. Its reputation preceded my visit, so I was expecting the best dinner I've ever had (which is why I said yes to the invitation!). But I found the whole experience less than enjoyable. The menu was very fancy , verging on uncomfortable and the wine list was bigger than the majority of my textbooks. And I have a lot of text-books. If you are a wine buff then you'd love it, but I was happy with a glass of sauvignon - imagine my surprise when I had to specify from which world (old or new), which country, which area, which vineyard. I was expecting to be asked to specify the grape.So, the Witchery has a very strong reputation in Edinburgh as being the best restaurant, and I can see why. It looks fancy, it tastes fancy, the price was fancy! But, again, I wasn't impressed. To win me over, you need to prove your worth. Sadly, both my ex and the Witchery failed to do so.
2	I just didn't rate this place. I feel like I'm committing some sort of blasphemy by saying that, but when I came for lunch here it just wasn't that great. Granted, we had a booking for 2pm, which is towards the end of a lunchtime shift and so the staff and chefs are all tired and a bit frazzled. But when you're paying Witchery prices, you don't really expect that to be an issue - if we'd wanted that we'd have gone to one of the million cheaper places to eat on the Royal Mile.The portions were tiny, even by upmarket restaurant standards. However, I don't think this was down to them running out of stock - after speaking to other people who've eaten there it seems that that's just they way they do it here.Which would have been fine, except mine was lukewarm. It was one of those puff pastry and roasted sun-dried tomato with goat's cheese type things that you get in most pubs these days, and the cold slimy tomatoes didn't really do much for me. In fact, it was probably quite a good thing that there wasn't much of it.At least half of the pages in the menu are taken up by testimonials from celebrities writing about how they loved the place, followed by the Witchery's own epic autobiography, but I honestly think they'd do a lot better if they concentrated less on their image and more on what they're actually serving people.I wouldn't rush back.
3	I think this is one of those places where its reputation has gotten ahead of what it can actually deliver.I mean, dont get me wrong - I went for a meal with my girlfriend (who had massivly high expectations) and was, over all a bit dissapointed. My girlfriend however, was not. I have therefor come to the conclusion that the Witchery experience depends a lot on how dark a shade your Rose Tinted glasses are.I had heard how splendid this place was, and frankly for the money I paid, didnt feel that the food was of any more high quality than other restaurants in Edinburgh who have the same reputation but charge far less. My girlfriend however, who had built this place up so much that she 'knew' how excellent the Witchery would be, claimed that everything she saw, ate and drank was 'perfect'. As I said, I do believe this place is a matter of opinion.
4	Admittedly, I didn't stay here but a friend visiting decided to spend a few nights spoiling herself by spending a few nights near the Castle. Hot damn, if you cut this place open it would bleed sumptuousness and over-the-top Tudorian splendour. I had a snoop around her accomodation - I can't even call it a hotel room, as it came with a shower and a kitchen. Champagne and chocolates, it sure beats Travelodge hands down. Four poster bed, covered in ornate heavy fabric furnishings, austere modernity in neutral colours, the Witchery laughs at you with disdain and waves a hand langourously to send such concepts to the local gaol. With views overlooking the Castle and Royal Mile, there is a price tag to match, but oh boy, I am envious of friends who can spend it. In fact, that is the only reason to drop a star - that common folk like me can only look on in envy.
4	Ok, I take what I said back.  Sortof. The food is really really really good, you can't deny it, and the service is immaculate and the surroundings are amazing. But there's still that one thing holding me back from giving it the 5*.....I still don't know what it is...something isn't quite right...
5	Review is only for the restaurant.  I won a bet and my friend took me to dinner here.  Hands down the most beautiful restaurant I've ever been to.  Decorated like a gothic castle with candles everywhere, dripping in flowers, dark wrought iron furniture.  The ambiance was amazing.The food was pretty good.  (I'm so SPOILED being from San Francisco, where we have the best food in the world)...the salad course was fantastic.  The main dishes were good but not memorable.  The dessert was very good.  You're really going for the opportunity to eat in what seems like an 18th century dining room.  The prix-fixe menu makes it very affordable.
3	Stopped here for lunch before my visit to the castle.  They have prix fix menus for 30 or 15 euros.  The 15 euro lunch menu is a good deal but menu is limited.  You get an appetizer and entree with this menu.  I actually ordered a la carte and had to try the haggis - when in Rome right? (in this case Edinburgh). Well the haggis did not disappoint and it came with neeps and tatties - what the hell is this I asked myself.  Turnips and potatoes FYI to the Americans. The other stuff I tried were ok - steak tartare and the chanterelle risotto.  Overall, a good dining experience with attentive service and a nice ambience. This is a strong 3 star rating.
5	Have eaten here three times now, in both of their dining rooms, and the place is an understated gem despite the opulence and hype.  The food has been superb each time and the locally-sourced ingredients highlight fresh and delicious Scottish influences while the kitchen clearly tries to bend international.  The guest rooms across the street are unique and a one-of-a-kind experience.  If you're in Edinburgh, want to be pampered, and don't mind wandering up by the Castle, check out the Witchery.
5	Wow, just wow. Don't eat here without ordering the steak tartare!
5	I'd heard only wonderful things about the Witchery and was in no way disappointed when I went here for dinner with my family. Even my Dad, a hard to please foodie, raved about the quality of the food.The decor and ambience is unusual with a gothic feel and low lighting, however this created an intimate, relaxed atmosphere and it made us feel like we were escaping from the real world for a while. It would be a fab place to go on a date - the flattering lighting is an alternative to beer googles.We all had the haggis starter and I've yet to have bad haggis but this really was extra tasty. I then had a generous fillet of salmon and it was ridiculously delicious. I eat salmon quite alot but this was by far the best I have ever had, I was going on about it for days. 'Remember that salmon... 'I was too preoccupied with my life-changing salmon to really notice what my family were eating but I do remember my Dad thoroughly enjoy his faggots (yes, really). I'm a real sweet tooth but the main course I had (salmon, salmon, salmon) was very filling so that was the end of my Withchery culinary experience. This place is a real treat and worth every penny, the food and service were wonderful. They also had Molton Brown handwash in the ladies room, I like that sort of thing :)
5	Ambience - awesome.  It was a bit entertaining that occasionally a few tables would get quiet and it felt like I needed to whisper, then the conversations would pick up again.  The ebb and flow of volume was intriguing!Service - fantastic.  Our favorite was when we asked for a wine reco.  I'm not sure who the expert was who came over, but made some suggestions, and we went with a New Zealand red that he seemed to like more than the more pricey wines.  It was I think under 30 pounds--quite cheap for this restaurant.  Anyway we loved it.The Scallop hors d'oeuvre was incredible.  We wished we'd gotten 3 each for our dinner...but alas, we had one.  For dinner we had the Wellington, because it was recommended highly by two of my friends.  I was only disappointed because it was 80 pounds.  It was good, and fed both my girlfriend and I...but I'm not sure it was "80 pounds good".  It did come with two sides: we chose Mashed Potatoes and Green Beans, which were both very good.Wine = outstandingService = outstandingAmbience = outstandingAppetizer = outstandingDinner = goodSides = grea
3	I went to The Witchery with some work colleagues a couple of years ago.  I found it OK, the food was pretty good, however, I thought the service could have been better.I have friends who have been more recently and they thought the same.It's a shame as The Witchery has a really good reputation - seems that it isn't as consistent as it maybe should be.
4	As good as it gets in terms of ambience!! I've never been in such a beautiful restaurant. This alone makes it worth the price tag, especially for a special occasion.Or, if you are a visitor to Edinburgh, it would be a nice way to spend an evening: dining here, roaming up to the castle look off and wandering down the royal mile as the sun sets, onward to a whisky in a cozy pub. Mmm, sounds like a perfect night (or date) to me! As good as it gets, in Edinburgh, for dining. I'd give it the 5 stars except I've had better service at a chain restaurant. Our server seemed disingenuous. My biggest complaint is that the dude didn't know what wine would go best with scallops (which were fabulous). At the most famous restaurant in Edinburgh, they really should school the servers on wine pairing!
3	Not impressed...The building is beautiful, and the staff very nice and dressed... appropriately, with long aprons, bow ties and the like. Their wine list reads like a belgian bars beer catalogue, reaching for 1cm of thickness.Sadly, they seem to lack a chef. The food was fairly prepared, but there was no richness of flavours, nothing going on in my palate... I've had a very similar venison burger in a pub. And at least there, it fit in the bun!Not a bad experience at all, but know you are going for the quaint atmosphere, the candles, the decor, and the wines. Not so much the food....
1	My only regret is that I can't give this place zero stars.  Where to start?  Bad slow rude service.  Food was mediocre at best and the cost was very high.  We actually passed on The Kitchin to go here.  My wife will never hear the end of it.  Friend ordered the ribeye, I ordered the scallops, wife ordered the three little pigs.  I switched with wife when food came as I knew that she wouldn't like hers.  Ok the "3 little pigs", a lump of pig fat approx 2 inch square, uneatable, the "loin" was minuscule, and no we are not comparing to "american" portions.   The bacon was tooth breaking.  Ok so we are done with dinner, ask for the check and then wait over 20 minutes to get check.  Friend tipped, I took the money off of the table.  Worst 2hrs of my life.  Wish wish wish I could give them zero stars.
3	With all of the talk about this place we had to go here while visiting Edinburgh from the US. As such, considering the pedestal this place has been put on, I've taken a different approach to grading The Witchery. I call it the "benefit-of-the-doubt' rating system. Goes like this...I gave it 5 stars before I even sat down. Then, took away and added stars as the meal progressed. So, the stars were their's to lose. Went there for lunch....results:Ambience - Excellent. Let me just say that this place is spectacular.....out a movie set or fiction novel. But, it's very real and in a beautiful 16th century historic building. A very cool and other-worldly ambience. We sat in the Secret Garden area downstairs...loved it....no stars lost. Service - Fair. Attentive when they were around. But, too slow for me. Big delay between apps and main course even though we were the 2nd table seated. Overall, took 2 hours for lunch and we were never offered anything else to drink after our initial drink orders...not even water....had to ask for everything...1 star lost.Drinks - Excellent. Judy had a Pimm's, wife had a glass of sauv blanc and I had a Hendrick's Martini with a cuke garnish. Plus, after-lunch cappuccino's were excellent...1 star awarded (they're back to 5 stars!).Apps - Underwhelmed. A selection of bread and butter was served. Bread seemed day-old and cold but tasted OK. I prefer warm bread. Wife had oysters on the half shell and they were reported to be good. I had a seafood bisque and it was presented nicely in an iron pot with crostini (croutons) and parmesan and rouille on the side. But, it was a vey thin soup that didn't have a distinct flavor....I'm sure it was a lot of work but it just tasted like some basic fish stock. I usually think of a bisque as being thicker and richer but this may just be a cultural thing. It was neither good nor bad....1 star lost.Main Course - This one is tricky. Kids split the roasted chicken with fondant potato and green beans and chips on the side. My wife and Judy got the roasted, hot-smoked salmon with sweet potatoes and green beans. My mother-in-law Mary and I both got Guy Grieve's scallops w/ pancetta and whipped potatoes. Here's the rundown...kids' chicken had good flavor but was very dry....seemed like it may have sat for a while. Their chips were very good, though. The salmon was reported from wife and Judy as being simple but very good. Seems like it had a lemon/butter-based sauce with it and served with green beans. They really liked the dish. Everything about the scallop dish was mediocre. Whipped potatoes were cold (ok, luke warm), scallops were over cooked or had been sitting under a salamander for too long. Pancetta was hard and chewy. Salad was not memorable....1 star lost.So, it was an OK experience in the end. My wife and Judy enjoyed their meals. Mary and I didn't. All agreed the service was not the best. But, all agreed the ambience was outstanding. Would go there again for dinner because this place is so special but with the hope of a better food experience.I
4	Without a doubt this is a fine restaurant. The food is all locally sourced and if I were from Edinburgh it would make me very proud to know that a restaurant of this calibre existed in my city. I went there with my wife to celebrate our 25th wedding anniversary and was not disappointed. First, the wine list is enormous and has very, very, fine wines from all over the world (I noticed a $6,000 bottle of wine!!). My wife and I decided on Champagne the night we were there and we had a large and prestigious selection to make our choice from. Next, the food. We were both impressed by the quality of the ingredients and the fact that it was all locally sourced. I started with a Shellfish bisque and then had a grilled Lobster from the Isle of Mull with a truffle sauce macaroni and my wife had a wonderful smoked salmon from Loch Duart (which, by a happy coincidence, is where her Clan's Castle, Maclean of Duart is located). Our desserts were wonderful. Hers was a burnt Cambridge Cream with passion fruit sorbet and mine was a Blairgowrie Strawberry and lemon verbena custard tart with strawberry sorbet. To top the meal off after our coffee we had to have some Scottish Whisky (when in Rome...) Hers was a Tobermory 10-year old (again the Isle of Mull theme) and mine was a Jura 16-year old. Lastly, the setting and the dining room ambiance is superb!
4	A beautiful restaurant located in the shadow of Edinburgh Castle. Superb food and a nice atmosphere made for an enjoyable evening.Took a bit of a chance with venison in a chocolate sauce, but it really added a nice subtle flavor.The bread pudding was also nicely done - even for a traditionalist like myself.The service was very good - friendly and attentive.The Witchery is well worth a night out.
5	The food and atmosphere is amazing at this historic restaurant by the castle.  We ate at The Witchery on Christmas Eve and it could not have been more perfect.  The lighting was dim and inviting and the small, crowded dining room felt somehow warm and cozy instead of clausterphobic.  Our waiter was very friendly but not over-bearing.  He suggested the right wines and right accompaniments for each of our entrees.  The food was fabulous modern Scottish, made with local ingredients.  The Loch Duart salmon may have been the best highlight of my whole trip to Edinburgh!
3	The atmosphere is wonderful. The food is meh. Everything that we had was pretty bland. We both had a hot salmon appetizer (mine had like 6 bones in it which was odd) which was ok. Then Sam had sea bream and I had daube of beef, both which were fine but nothing special. We had the rhubarb ginger creme brulee for dessert which was probably the tastiest part of our meal. I'd still recommend it just for the experience but don't expect much from the food!
3	I admit I had been wanting to visit and dine at the Witchery for years. I think I read about it in Victoria magazine like 15 years ago or something. Not sure what I was expecting but as it is pretty upscale I thought the food would be amazing. Sadly it was not. I have no complaints, but like Carrie S, I found the meal to be "meh". Just OK. Well presented, everything was fresh, it just lacked flavor or oomph. No innovation at all. The service was impeccable, and although I was disappointed that we couldn't get into the Witchery proper, the Secret Garden was very pretty and atmospheric. Not sure what another reviewer is talking about by saying good food in Scotland is rare. Everything we had in Scotland no matter where we dined was excellent, from inexpensive teas to seafood dinners. Although the Witchery is a beautiful restaurant it actually didn't stand out as one of the better places to dine in Edinburgh, which is a bit sad, but that being said I can't say that the food was bad.
4	This is pretty much exactly the fancy sort of place you expect/hope it would be.  I'll start by saying we ate in the lower garden area and not in the older upper wooden section.My mother was disappointed by this until she checked out the upper section after we'd finished.  It was hot as could be in the wooden area and pretty cramped.  SO in the end I was happy we ended up where we were.Definitely on the expensive side but you should already know that going there.   A massive wine list, good food... sometimes great food, and a really nice atmosphere.  TIP:  Try and see if you can have your meal end on or around 10:30pm.  One of the greatest moments of my trip to Edinburgh was standing in the little Witchery doorway and watching an army of bagpipers march right by us, within inches.   If you're there when the Royal Tattoo is in progress you might be lucky enough to see it. I found it far more impressive than the actual Tattoo itself.
4	went for lunch. had the set menu. was reasonably priced and decent food. what made it for me was the surroundings. like eating in Henry VIII's court. chandeliers, table settings, tapestries, candles. beautiful.a must for fine dining in edinburgh, even if its not 100% fine.
4	For a place with their reputation, the only acceptable review ought to be five stars, so the stars are theirs to lose. Thus this review will have a somewhat negative tone even though this was a very nice meal. Here are the two chief reasons I find it impossible to award them five stars: 1. The bread. It was nowhere close to the quality of bread I have had at much less reputable institutions. Is this what their mainstream clientele wants? I hope not, and thus they need to up the level of the bread significantly and it wouldn't even be difficult. 2. My daughter's scallops were served with a very nice tarragon sauce and nearly cold, unimpressive mashed potatoes. I have no problems with mashed potatoes, but even I can make better mashed potatoes, and serve it warm. (If this was truly the intention by the chef, then I guess we will just have to disagree on it being a good idea.) 3. This is a bit whiney but here we go: They were out of the vintage port wine by the glass and instead of corking up something else, they would only suggest that I go with the LBV instead. Nope. Not happening. But a true five star establishment would have opened some other bottle (or just make sure they don't run out).Having said this, here are some things they get right: 1. Very impressive wine list. 2. Very nice interior. We were in the "Secret Garden", so if there is a next time, we will try the original dining room. 3. Great (though not perfect) service. 4. My main dish of monkfish was delicious, as was the cheese plate, and the chocolate tart.So, if there is a second time, and I hope there will be, I expect them to have perfected their glitches and be a true five star experience.
2	I've just been reminded to update my review...After my mediocre dining experience which included white rice instead of arborio risotto, I actually contacted the manager.  I wasn't sure if the kitchen had run out of arborio or if this was standard practice and either way I want to make management aware that, while the wait staff were fantastic, I was very let down by my fake risotto.He never got back to me.  Specifically, I emailed someone who got back to me saying "I'm sorry you didn't enjoy your food" or something along those lines, and saying they would pass my email onto the general manager.  It was the general manager who never responded.  I felt this was an incredibly poor way of handling a customer who was previously mildly put off but is now really unimpressed.
4	I recently got treated to a very nice meal here. Overall, it was a outstanding and very romantic experience. As we walked down the tiny alleyway to the entrance of the restaurant you can't help feeling slightly whimsical. Our table was reserved in the 'Secret Garden' section of the restaurant. I do have to agree with Jonas B. below on the bread situation. I had tomato and rosemary focaccia which was good but I think you can expect better at restaurants of this calibre. I had foie gras as my starter - which you don't see on too many menus here. It was heavenly. For my main I had the hot smoked salmon. My partner had a fillet of limousin Scotch beef which included grilled marrow. We were both impressed with our meals. We shared an excellent bottle of Chenin Blanc and creme brulee for dessert.  We were offered complimentary espressos and a latte which came with macaroons and fudge. The macaroons were somewhat stale but the fudge was divine.I think the restaurant does really well because it presents a really lovely atmosphere and experience. I've been to fine dining restaurants in other cities and there's a magical element to The Witchery that other places lack. I suppose being in the backdrop of the castle helps!I would love to come back for lunch when there's natural light shining through as the restaurant is fairly dark (this isn't a criticism, I liked it dark). I found the service excellent - not too inquisitive on how our meal was. Very professional and knowledgeable. We finished our meal around 11ish and there were a few tables that were just being seated. I'm not sure if they regularly seat such late (for Edinburgh) diners but this might be something to take note of for future reference!
1	These people we're so rude to us before we even got a table, we walked out.  Thai Orchid around the corner was a much better experience.  The Witchery is so pompous it's "scary."
5	Wow! We stayed overnight in one of their suites (The Library) which was so incredibly romantic and sumptuous that we didn't want to leave and see the rest of Edinburgh. We also ate at their restaurant, and were not disappointed. Delicious food and amazing wine in a very intimate and well-appointed dining room. Our waiter, Seoridh, helped us navigate the extensive wine list and choose a bottle that complemented our meal perfectly. We will definitely be back the next time we visit the city.
1	The seafood bisque was excellent so I had great expectations for the duck. The duck was a sad, punishing meal. Tasteless and dry on top of tasteless fodder-- I thought I must be having a nightmare. I forced myself to finish half if it. I should have complained, but I certainly could not stomach anything more at that point. What an utter disappointment.
5	EXCELLENT food in a delightfully medieval atmosphere.  Service was polite and quick, but did not rush us at all.  We had a great time at the Witchery--but it was a little expensive.
5	loved our meal, loved our waiter, great service and wow - what an ambiance.  Thanks all for making moms 90th perfect.
4	Food 4/5Service 4/5Ambience 5/5Our favourite dining experience whilst in Edinburgh for the holiday.It wasn't the best food but it was decent. Traditional faire such as meat pies, haggis, blood sausages, etc. are done well. There are other michelin star worthy restaurants we ate at in Edinburgh but nothing beat the history or atmosphere of this place.Situated in Old Town Edinburgh, right next to the castle, this was apparently part of the jail barracks centuries ago. Rumours abound of haunted spirits that were tortured in these gallows still roam this restaurant and surrounding buildings of the castle.The inside of the restaurant was very small, romantic and quaint - most doors in the UK are tiny but this place reminded me of entering a Hobbit's home. I thought it was way too hot inside, despite it being below freezing and windy outside. It was hard to remove all my layers of clothing with such tight quarters.If you only had one night in Edinburgh for the first time, I'd highly recommend going here.
5	I have a hard time giving high-rated restaurants five stars, but The Witchery definitely deserved it! We had a large group of 13 and they not only were amazingly efficient, they knew everyone's wine preference by memory, had amazing food and were the nicest and most amenable staff for such a large group that I've seen. Hats off for great food, service, ambiance and overall dinner experience.
4	This is one restaurant I have wanted to try for sometime. Heard great things about it, the food, the location, the decor etc. The food was excellent. Can't really fault it and the atmosphere was lovely with great service. Only negative point is I'd say its a little pricey. Have been to other restaurants in town that were as good if not better and cheaper. I think if I was a foreign tourist I'd be blown away with the whole package. Otherwise a great night out and have to recommend to others if you're prepared to pay that little bit more.
2	The ambiance the service and the wine were 4 to 5 star. The food was tourist food. VERY unexceptional. The first meal in the UK I've been disappointed in. Had a scallop aperitif that was "okay". Nothing interesting about it. Had a vegetarian risotto that sounded amazing and was totally tasteless. My niece had a cauliflower soup aperitif that was bland and a potato stuffed with crab etc... she said "I wouldn't send it back but it was just dull". The food in a word... dull.
5	The Witchery is a restaurant with rooms. 5 stars for lodging (the Library room) and for the restaurant both!LODGING: The Library room is exquisitely decorated and serviced (see their website for detail and pix). Although it is on Royal Mile, just steps from the Edinburgh Castle, the room is dead quiet (props to old stone buildings). The room is spacious and well decorated as a time piece, but not ostentatiously so. More thought should be given to adding closet space though. It is very clean and comfortable and WARM in these winter months. Complimentary continental breakfast arrives at the moment that was requested; delicious croissants, porridge in iron pots, and creamy yogurt were favorites. RESTAURANT: We had dinner in the original dining room. We almost did not because of some of the less than positive comments in other Yelp reviews. I'm glad we did, though, because it was as if those disappointed yelpers had dined somewhere else.Simply put, our dinner at The Witchery was one of the finest meals we've had anywhere. The room is well appointed, mysteriously quiet and candlelit. The service was comfortably impeccable. The lamb Wellington (served for two) was the tenderest of meats I've ever had, and deliciously prepared. The duck was equally tender and flavourful. The sides of whipped potatoes, ratatouille were sublime. The deserts - made to order bread and butter pudding and a variety plate of rhubarb sorbet, chocolate and other hand made delights was... delightful. Don't pass this restaurant by - and stay for the night if you can.
5	We saved the best for last on our whirlwind Scotland vacation. We had a great time touring around the countryside, but I wanted to make sure to end things on a high note. The Witchery was the perfect choice.There is a lot of history here, since the building was erected in 1595. The ambiance was brilliant. Old, dark, hand-carved woods on the walls and ceiling. Every member of the staff we encountered was exceptionally friendly. It was very romantic, with tableside candle light. The table flower arrangement was a thistle and a rose, commemorating the marriage of James IV and Margaret Tudor, which foreshadowed the union between England and Scotland. It was fun having a history lesson right on our table. All in all, it was like having a fancy dinner in the 1600s.Of course haggis was on the menu (it's Scotland after all), but I'd already had my fill on this trip. We started instead with a bowl of Witchery Shellfish Bisque, complete with rouille, croutons, and gruyere cheese. The croutons and rouille were awesome together: rich, creamy, and garlicky. It was a nice way to warm up my palate.For my entree, I couldn't resist their Three Little (rare breed) Pigs: roast loin pulled pork fritter, crispy pork belly, and grilled pork shoulder, along with a Cox's apple puree and sweet potato fondant. I was very anxious to try these local Scottish piggies. The sweet potato fondant had a good sweetness to it and paired nicely with the apple puree. My pulled pork fritter was full of tender meat, covered in a magnificent crisp batter. It too was great with the apple. As I expected, the pork belly was very decadent and pleasantly salty. It also came with bacon, which makes everything better. The pork shoulder had a nice sear to it, and it had a good balance of meat and fat. Like everything else, it also paired well with the apple puree.Dessert was essential here. It took some thought, but we finally decided on their Single Estate Madagascan Chocolate Tart, which also comes with an orange blossom ice cream and white chocolate pirouettes. Orange and chocolate go great together in general, and this was no exception. It was dense and fudgey. We finished off the meal with some decaf Liqueur Gaelic Irish Coffee. Brown sugar is the way to go with this drink. It was a nice warm nightcap. I really wanted the pistachio biscotto that came with it, but I was way too full by that point.The Witchery was the perfect end to what had been a perfect vacation.
2	I definitely think this place is riding on the coattails of their buildings history and long-standing reputation. I was very underwhelmed by my three-course meal here. I had a soup for a starter, chicken for my main, and a dessert that I barely ate and can't seem to remember... obviously left a good impression. Perhaps I'm spoiled in Dublin with restaurants that have food with amazing taste and beautiful presentation for a bit cheaper... but still, come on. I don't know who they're fooling with a piece of chicken on a plate with mash. I definitely think they need to up their game before people realise their quality doesn't match their reputation anymore. I also found it very irritating and cheesy that they menu listed celebrities who had visited the restaurant. A solid restaurant wouldn't have to boast such things...
5	Recommended by an Edinburgh native that we work with, my wife and I went to the Witchery during our long-delayed honeymoon, as the only "fancy" dinner of the trip. We were promised the best restaurant in Edinburgh, and not disappointed! Of course, that comes with one of the most expensive meals we've ever had (if not the most--the poor dollar/pound rate doesn't help), but it was worth it for the special occasion. We both got the three-course meal, picking different options so we could try most things. That included scallop cassoulet, chicken and trout entrees, and then lemon tart and rhubarb savarine for dessert. Everything was fantastic--we didn't leave anything on our plates. We started with cocktails; my gin martini was quite good, and while her French 75 was a bit too sour, they were happy to fix it. The wine list is quite extensive, we had a nice French Sauvignon blanc. All in all, I'm glad we went; it is certainly pricy but perfect for a special romantic night.
2	When you are on a savings clearing trip with your family and decide to spend lavishly on a couple of "grand" nights out - I would strongly advise giving this spot a pass. If you are going to spend 35 pounds / $60.00 on an entree (veal ribeye) you don't expect it to come w/slightly melted Saran Wrap welded onto it (3/4" x 3" piece of plastic) and when you point that out to the staff, you might expect a bit more in response than a blowoff "well that's just the wrapping for the meat, it shouldn't be there" and nothing more - at the end of the meal, the restaurant made the gesture of striking our two cocktails from the bill - but never seemed too concerned about how they were presenting their very pricey "fayre"In general, we had a much better experience overall (food & service, anyway) the night before at a grass market pub (the Kingfisher) for a fraction, a wee fraction of the price - in summary, save your money, they don't seem to be too concerned with what they are serving and the location is not enough to make up for their kitchen's carelessness or their waiter's haughtiness.
3	Very stylish restaurant in a fantastic old building. Food is ok, considering the price not that good after all. Service is not impressive, we waited for a long time till the waiter finally came. My cousin who went with me thinks the food is not tasty at all and waiters are snobbish
2	We consider ourselves foodies and have eaten in the best restaurants in the world.  This was not one of them.  The room is beautiful, but the service was rather snippy actually.  The waiter was unconcerned with our comments about undercooked chicken, plastic in food and flavorless mash.  This was not fine dining, despite the pricing.  This was more like mediocre food served by rude wait staff in a pretty room.  All in all - meh.
5	Not only superb food but wonderful Room as well! Staff is attentive and helpful, it's a place to feel at home
5	Was looking forward to this place ever since we planned our trip to Edinburgh.  Food was exceptional, service was even better, and the ambiance is as good as it gets. Not the best dining experience I ever had, but close. Not to be missed in Edinburgh.
2	If you check my history, you'll see I don't often give low reviews. 1 and 2 star reviews, for me, are reserved for when I think it's important to offer would be patrons a word or two of caution.We chose The Witchery for its ambience and we were not disappointed. The restaurant has two sections, each with separate entrances and no connecting spaces (completely independent dining rooms with independent staff). One is the new section and the other is the historical section; make sure to request the historical side (much more beautiful). If the entire review were to be about ambience, then this would have been 4 stars, but it's not just about ambience.The food portions were so small that we were both still hungry for dinner after we ate dinner. As a starter I ordered "Scallops and Mussels with broad beans and chorizo", what I received was roughly a dozen beans, 1 small scallop, 1 very small mussel (sans shell), and a single small slice of chorizo which was then cut into quarters (when I say "slice" I mean it was a single slice from a sausage. It was 2.5 centimeters (1 inch) in diameter,  1/2 centimeter (1/4 of an inch?) thick, and then reduced to 4 rounded triangles once quartered). It was a ridiculously small starter.For the main course I ordered a white fish, but received salmon instead; not what I wanted. I would have sent the dish back, but by this time I was quite hungry. The fish was a reasonably sized portion, but bland in flavor and completely forgettable; I don't even remember how the bed of white rice was seasoned.For desert I ordered a strawberry dish with a wonderful description and I was quite excited to taste the treat; what I received was 3 strawberries cut in half and a single shortbread cookie ... again, completely disappointing and forgettable.I love Scotch Whiskey and ordered a very nice Lagavulin 1995. I requested a double, neat - what I received was a skimpy singly shot of whiskey in a generic glass and it wasn't even the whiskey I requested. When I inquired, they insisted it was a double shot of the Lagavulin 1995, but as I said, I love good Scotch and this absolutely was NOT what I ordered.Almost as soon as we finished our disappointing meal, the maitre d' arrived with the bill and informed us they needed the table to seat others and he encouraged us to pay the bill while he waited ... WHAT?!Now, add to this evening the near complete absence of service as my water glass sat empty for the entire meal and received no refills. We were also afforded no opportunity to order a second round of drinks.All in all, a truly unfortunate experience. Were it not for the beautiful setting, this would have been a 1 star review.  If you're thinking about going to The Witchery for dinner while in Scotland, I would like to encourage you to entertain nearly any alternative restaurant this beautiful city has to offer.
4	We made a reservation at the witchery for our first night in scotland (our only night in Edinburgh) and after a very long trip from nyc and a very long day packing in as much as we can by the time we sat down to dinner at 8pm we were beyond exhausted and also not that hungry (at 5 we decided we needed a snack and stuffed our faces at a pub ). We got a table in the back section, I believe it's called the garden, and the room was absolutely beautiful. I had a side of mushrooms served in the cutest cauldron and a salad. Both were delicious. The service was excellent and when I'm back in Edinburgh I will 100 percent be returning to the witchery when im awake , hungry and in my right mind. My only complaint is that it felt like forever we waited for the bill, but again part of that might have been because we were so exhausted.
3	What's great:- The atmosphere and decor is amazing.  We ate down in the Secret Garden (it's the same restaurant, just a different room).  It was dark, candle-lit, and very romantic.  Tons of amazing stuff to look at.- The location is ideal.  It's just steps from the castle, Whisky Experience, and Camera Obscura.  It's really easy to see sights, then have a nice dinner right there.What's okay:- The food was uninspired.  It was okay, but we feel it didn't quite measure up to the ambiance and price.  For example, I was expecting something amazing from the flat iron steak, but the cut wasn't that tender and the flavor was pretty basic.- The service was uneven.  Some of the staff were very friendly and casual, and others (including our waiter) seemed competent, but a bit stiff.Conclusion:If you want a fancy, romantic dinner in Edinburgh, and you're not a foodie, I don't think you will really go wrong with The Witchery - but you'll pay for it.
4	The restaurant being the go to place in Edinburgh I had to review it. The place itself was wonderful. The decor was just lovely, it was set over two separate areas, the original and the extension (I think), I went to the original part. I was sat in the corner behind a wooden separator. I must say for all its classiness, I did feel extremely out of place when I said no to wine to have not been offered any other alternative! After a hesitation I then became very embarrassed to ask for which beers they served, if any at all (yes I did think that!), I am just very surprised that they didn't offer an alternative when I said no to the wine menu. Anyway I then asked for that menu, they have what I can only describe as a bible of wines. Their cellar must be huge. After fake-browsing the wine book I asked for a beer feeling quite ashamed at my lack of sophistication. It's a shame I was made to feel that way.As the evening went on the food was very nice and presented in a beautiful way albeit very small portions. Although I expect that from a "posh" restaurant.We were however under waited on, perhaps caused by being behind the wooded separator... When we did want something I would have to poke my head around this separator and get someone's attention, but oh - don't disturb the short brunette in there because she's very frosty, perhaps the waiters are allocated tables and so I was calling over someone else's waiter? Anyway, not nice.I really want to put 3 stars but Yelp class that with a caption reading "A-Ok" and I think it's a bit more then that, although there were a couple of down sides to my visit I would still go back and I'm sure it would have been better.
