5	The best in food and atmosphere in Vegas, I am here for 5 days and will tell people about it.
5	Had an awesome time on the patio!  Great service...Garrick knows his beer and how to pair it!  Awesome food!  Awesome atmosphere!  AND awesome beers!  Definately my new spot for casual fun!
5	We took a detour from the usual Jersey Mike's lunch today and ended up next door at the newly opened Tacos and Beer.  5 stars for a taco place!?  Yeah yeah, I'm breaking my own rule that no place that serves everyday food should get more than 4 stars but the extra star is to keep this place going so I can come back for lunch over and over.  The tacos are excellent...not as big as a "Los Tacos" taco but very tasty.  Definitely an artisan concept as other reviewers say.  Everything we tried was complex in ingredients and flavor (as much as you can pack into a street taco sized portion).  Our table tried out almost all the tacos on the menu and there was an overall preference for the various pork tacos but they were all good.Service was fantastic but we need to go back to re-review as traffic was light today and it seemed all the staff was focused on a few tables.  Hope more people start going so they can continue to do well.  Definitely looking to go back after work to try all the beers....oh yeah...the tomatillo salsa was the best I've had in a while.
4	It was off to a slow start, I kept track of how long it took to get our tacos by my check in time and it took 44 minutes to get our 6 tacos. But the staff was apologetic and made sure we were okay so no problem. I understand that since they just opened Tuesday, that  they probably haven't gotten a quick system going yet but I'm sure they'll be faster next time. Their beer menu is pretty impressive, I forgot to count but it looked like 6 pages of beer selections and cocktails to choose from. One thing I was a little sad about, no horchata :( I must have horchata  with my tacos!!! Maybe even make an alcoholic version! Lol The main thing that makes their tacos stand out is the tortilla! Not too thick or thin, freshly handmade and had perfect texture! Delicious! The guacamole and chips also tasted really fresh and it was a pretty big portion. We ordered 2 pork al pastor, 2 carne asada, 1 beef adobado, and 1 chicken tinga. Oh my, I will definitely be back for the al pastor, it was perfect! The pineapple with the pork and the perfect tortilla, heaven! The carne asada was a little lacking in the seasoning, the adobado had a good flavor to it and so did the chicken tinga. The pricing was also  great! Our total bill was $39 for 6 tacos, a cocktail, and guacamole with chips. I will definitely be back to try the other tacos and flan and fingers crossed that it'll be quicker next time! If it is, 5 stars :)
1	We stopped in here for lunch instead of Jersey Mike's. I regret it. It took 30 minutes to get five tacos. There were barely any other customers in the restaurant and we sat for that long. I ordered two bean and cheese tacos, they didn't come with half the ingredients the menu listed.Also, be prepared to pay $6 for Tecate.For those prices, you're better off anywhere else. The food didn't taste great, it was severely over-priced, missing key ingredients, and took much longer than necessary.Patrons beware.
2	On my way to jersey mike's decided to stop and check it out. I decided to order 3 tacos to go and my friend order 2 tacos...it took 30 minutes to get my 3 tacos. The hostess was very apologetic but i figured they would offer me some chips and salsa or even a soft drink while we waited. Prices are pretty high for an off the strip taco place.  $12 for 3 tacos.  The Al Pastor taco was good. The Chicken tinga was bland with not much flavor.
4	This is GOURMET Tacos and MICROBREW Beer - this is NOT your usual Tex Mex and Corona kind of place.  I saw on Yelp that it was a new business on Paradise Blvd and vowed to check it out after work.  It's in the old Firefly building.  Many great memories on that patio :). The decor is all redone Spanish mission style and much better lit now.  I ended up getting the shrimp tacos.  Small street tacos with intense flavor profiles and a small side of gormet salsa. I also got a Hitachino's Nest -- this is a Japanese microbrew and they have it ON DRAFT!  The beer list is written on the wall by the bar and contains all the best stuff- Unitis, Lost Coast, Stone, Brooklyn Brewing.  Staff was attentive and really sweet and funny.  I'm so happy to have found this.Ok I just read that this place is owned by Mr Simmons - that owns Firefly.  They have had some pretty publicized scrapes with the Health Inspector in the past. Make your own decision.  Casinos do get away with a lot compared to small private places.  It looked VERY clean and well run when I was there.
5	Great atmosphere, knowledgeable staff, food smelled and tasted excellent! Too bad I'm moving to the other side of town, gonna have to make up some excuses to get over here. Had the enchiladas. Prices are reasonable for the area
4	Great tacos (I recommend the 'crunchy') very nice beer selection. I was surprised and pleased...from the plain jane name was expecting a dive bar.
2	Service is slow and relaxed. If you are not patient or are in a rush maybe not the best place. We weren't greeted for 7 minutes. 3 tacos took 25 minutes. But they were delicious. Our server told us nothing. The server at the table behind us explained the menu and threw out some special facts. Glad I listened in. There Are 10 selections of tacos from carne asada skirt steak, chicken, beef, pork, veggie, mahi mahi, shrimp, bean and cheese, and ground beef. Tacos come 1 to an order and are $3.25-$4.25 a piece. There are 10 selections of "other stuff" from tamales to enchiladas to ceviche. 8 selections of side dishes and 3 deserts. 8 specialty cocktails that are all $9 and 19 beers on tap from $5-$12. Happy hour is 3-6 mon to fri. Happy hour specials are 5 food selections from $2-$3 and 5 drinks for $2.50-$4. 12 simple bottled beer ranging from $4-$5 and a more complex selection of bottled beer from $6-$12. There are some really exquisite options of beer from $13 -$22. 12 dark malt beers from $7-$22 and hoppy-bitter beers from $6-$18. Same owner as firefly apparently. Hopefully it works out and they add more to the menu for food.  I ordered another carne asada taco because I liked it so much and it came out totally different. Same trip :/ wtf.  First week so I guess they gotta get their groove but woah work it out quick y'all. Manger checked on all the tables around us. Never checked on us. Not the best first impression.
5	Had a really excellent lunch today - Chips and Salsa were awesome and the tacos were awesome! We were in and out in about 30 minutes which we thought was good but it was not busy at all - the service was outstanding!
4	Driving down Paradise on the way to the convention center and my wife was hungry so we stopped in.Really good food.  Good chips, good salsa.  Her taco was fresh and delicious.  The waitress was really accommodating to all our requests.  If your thinking about eating here give it a try.
5	Absolutely amazing!  Great guacamole,  great salsa, great corn salad, fresh and awesome!
5	Let me start off by saying I am a huge taco fan!  So when I tell you that the tacos here are some of the best tacos I've ever had, that really means something. I've been here multiple times and tried almost all the tacos so far, my favorites are the al pastor and the veggie. The al pastor is so flavorful with little chunks of pineapple on top... And you might think I'm crazy when I say the veggie taco is one of my favorites, most people like meat in their tacos, but this veggie taco is so tasty! Mashed potato in place of meat, mushrooms and what ever else veggies it has, perfect... It might just turn me vegetarian! Jk but it is very good. I'm not a beer fan at all, so I can't comment on the beers, but the cocktails I've had are the Dirty South Andy (kinda like a Moscow mule with little tweaks) and House Margarita (it has "salt air" instead of salted rim which is pretty unique and cool!). This place is pretty new still but I think once the word gets around it will be pretty popular!
1	This place is beyond not good. I see all of the 5 star reviews but how many friends and relatives can you have. We went in at 7:30 on Sunday and they were out of the beer we ordered. There were a total of maybe ten people in the place. The waitress was new so it took a while to sort that out. OK no biggie, we ordered alternatives. Then we ordered three different tacos. About thirty minutes later our waitress comes to check on how our food is, the problem is we have no food. So we are into this ordeal over an hour and are making zero progress. We paid for our beers and left.
5	Really refreshing take on Mexican food!  The ingredients are super fresh u can tell and great quality of food.  Prices are totally reasonable and the staff is super nice!  Very helpful and friendly!  I think I've even met the owner a few times and she is very nice as well.  My new favorite spot near work.  Can't wait to celebrate cinco de mayo here tonight!PS - even better is that I just 2 free tacos cus the kitchen made some extra..not too shabby!
5	The place is great! The food is even better! If you like authentic gourmet tacos then this is the place to be! Also the guacamole was to die for! When I was here the service was awesome, they were extremely friendly and good at what they do. It's a new and upcoming place and is definitely a place to check out!
5	i am so glad i tried this place, i was there last saturday and i came back today, the have my favorite beers dogfish 120, cantillon sour , i tried an italian IPA that they recommended it was delicious they have that on draft. service was great, very friendly staff and everyone very attentive i sat at the bar and jesus was the bartender cool guy very knowledgeable.the place is super cool. the decoration is unique, best tacos in las vegas, im from mexico and i know about tacos, these are different but good, they use traditional mexican ingredients, but the decoration is fancy...... i tried all the deserts and my favorite was the flan......
5	Great location and awesome late night local place! Diverse beer list with the best bottle and draft beer prices in town. Laid back and cool new place to check out
5	Came here for dinner today, (Tuesday) The service was GREAT, very attentive, and quick!The tacos were delicious. The handmade tortillas really add to the taste.We tried just about every taco on the menu.The ones that really stood out were the Puerco Verde Taco, Adobada Taco, Al Pastor and Crunchy Taco. These were absolutely amazing. We did not enjoy the Carne Asada taco or shrimp taco as much as the others, but they were okay.The chips and salsa were fresh.All around great food, keep it up!
5	Best tacos ever and great selection on the beers, should try the puerco verde and adobada!Best food,bar,customer service ever.Best new spot on vegas!!!!
4	*our waiter was super friendly and our food came out super fast*The chips were probably made there because they came out hot and were so amazing*the tacos were some of the best tacos I've had in Vegas*the only downfall, be prepared to pay $4.25 for ONE taco. AND everything is ala carte.* I heard it's only $2 for tacos during happy hour. Will definitely be coming back but during that time only.
5	Great tacos, great beer selection and awesome service!
5	Awesome awesome tacos... No I am not just buttering their biscuit. They use some seriously fresh ingredients to complete and perfect these amazing creations. The tortillas are handmade (right?!) enough said. Not to mention the amazing employees manning the bar and the unusual selection of beers offered on tap.
5	Great tacos and customer service
3	Rating businesses on a 5-star system can be uncomfortable. We've been accustomed to thinking that only a 4-5 star restaurant is acceptable but please remember that 3-stars in YELP means "A-OK" which in my book, means I would return.Came in Sunday afternoon for a quick bite to eat at the recommendation of a friend. Within our group of four, none of us had been there before but were all happy with the food. We had a couple of instances where our server may have gotten overwhelmed. We were her first table, but quickly picked up 3-5 more tables and that could have crossed her threshold of comfort. She was VERY sweet and we did not pressure her. From our table, three of us had been bartenders/servers so although we were understanding, our expectations were higher. Our guacamole was asked to be served without pumpkin seeds, it came with. We were given an additional guacamole as compensation. One of our tacos was asked to be served without the traditional flour tortilla, it came with the flour tortilla. There were just a few instances where our very specific dietary requests were not met. Regardless, the food was pretty decent. I was not impressed with their chicken taco but was very happy with the pork (had pineapple in it too). For the bigger eater, the bill can run a bit high than you might expect but you can tell this is absolutely a great spot for happy hour.We will be back!
2	Ridiculous. They've been open for at least a couple months now, and they're operating as if they'd thrown together a crew of teenagers last night to open today.We stood at the front for 3-4 mins near the absent hostess table before we began to be greeted. I say "began" because before she was even finished with her sentence, the person who greeted us promptly turned around and walked off talking to another worker.A minute later someone else hesitantly approached us, and the first girl came back and addressed him as if we weren't there: "can you seat them?" He did; left & came back only seconds later to take drink orders, and since we hadn't had time to walk up to the bar & look at the current beer selection (the taps change & their waiters evidently don't bother memorizing what's there), he disappeared for a while.He finally reemerged, took our drink orders, said "that's it?" and in the 4 secs it took us process & say "um, just to drink, yeah, but food wise..." he was gone again. He didn't come back until later in the evening. I say "evening" because the whole experience of ordering & receiving 2 drinks & 4 tacos took nearly two hours.A different guy walked over 10-15 mins later and asked if we were OK. I told him we wanted to order food, to which he replied, "oh, I'm just filling in, I'll be back." Why did you ask if you weren't expecting to have to do anything about it? To his credit, he did come right back and take our order, and you could tell that he probably had just been called over from Firefly to help out; he was the most communicative out of all the employees we encountered. He checked on our still absent drinks for us and apologized for the wait.Meanwhile, it was still 30 mins or so before 2 of our 4 tacos were finally delivered. It was another 10-15 mins or so before someone else (who'd also apparently just arrived) came by and asked how we were doing. I said we were still waiting on half our order, and he went to check on it. It was another several mins before the other two got delivered -- and one was missing half of the ingredients the menu said came on it. I finally got someone's attention and let them know. He brought it back to the kitchen window, where one of the cooks dumped a small dollop of salsa & avocado pieces on it, & it was brought back and put in front of me by the first waiter kid, who turned & left again without so much as an apology.By this time I'm kind of over it all, so when the guy who also apparently just got there came back over to ask how everything was, I told him how there'd been several misses over the course of our time there and I really couldn't see myself coming back. He apologized & said he'd just gotten there (yeah, I gathered that much), and next time he came by he said he'd take care of our food. The 4 tacos cost less than our 2 drinks, so I guess that's good for them.Food-wise, it was meh. Salsa was decent, but had no spice at all. Chips OK. The veggie and the beans & cheese tacos were pretty good; the baja & chicken tinga tacos, not so much. All together, food would have been a solid 3 stars, & beer selection is decent. The myriad customer service faults dropped it to 1 star. Raised to 2 stars because at least the dude comped the food part of our bill, & one of the other dudes had brought us a second thing of chips & salsa because our food was taking so long.
1	Mexican restaurants are not meant to be expensive or fancy, this place tries to be both and it doesn't work.Tacos are too expensive ($4) and Service is terrible, that equation makes it a bad place.In this town, there are far more better taco places without the pretentiousness that this place brings. Tacos in general are cheap and most of all, they are comfort food, $4 for a taco with nothing on the side is unbelievable.Craft beers are also overrated, You want a taco with a simple beer in my opinion, don't want to pay $10 bucks for one taco and a beer with bad service.Hopefully they'll change the culture.
5	Corn salad and the guacamole is fantastic! The tacos have a nice fire roasted flavor. Beer selection is extensive and the bartenders are nice and attentive. Garret took good care of us. I love this place! I will be back.
2	The food was great! Service below expectations. What ruined it for me was a chef walking around drinking beer outside with patrons.  Then he came inside walking around with beer in hand giving employees direction. Then he asked some patrons to do shots with him at the bar. Not very professional.
5	Best. Place. Ever!!This spot was once a hang for my girl and I when it was called another name. I wasn't sure what to expect when it became a new establishment. On a whim I took my band mates there last night for a real chill hang. It also happened to be Happy Hour (we showed up around 12:30 am) First, we were totally welcomed by great great staff. . Super nice, informative on beer selection and food options. Staff A+ I am a big fan off unique beers AND THEY'VE GOT EM! Beer A+ The decor in this place blew me away! Completely different and way way better than the "old place" Vibe and Decor A+FOOD!! These tacos were grand. And I was happy to see at 1 am they would put great effort into a well made taco. Fresh, tasty and with an awesome presentation. FOOD A+I will be back religiously. Thank you to the staff (sorry can't recall names =o) for being gracious and welcoming!Go To Tacos & Beer!Epic
5	Came to tacos and beer for happy hour today for the first time. I was pleasantly surprised! I'm always happy to see quite a few vegetarian options on the menu. The veggie taco was delicious! I can't wait to try to jicama salad next time. We had 3 tacos, 2 margaritas and 2 Pacificos for 20 bucks! Can't beat that!
4	I had a great experience sitting at the bar, the bartender was very nice and the ambiance is great for watching a sporting event in a low key environment. The items I had were: Corn salad- more like a corn salsa, went well with the chipsPineapple habenaro salsa- good flavor profile but didn't care for the apple sauce like consistency Cilantro lime rice- cooked well but could barely make out the cilantro and lime Carne Asada- extremely salty Pork al pastor- this was my favorite of the three tacos because it had the most balanced flavors Fish- very juicy fish but a little salty and was not a fan of the flour tortillaChurros- cooked to perfection, maybe a little too much cinnamon sugar but this was my favorite of the night Overall, this restaurant is very promising and sets itself apart from other Vegas restaurants with its friendly and competent service.
4	Often go here late at night for happy hour and they have $2 and $3 tacos and cheap beer specials. The flavour is amazing! The service is fantastic! I recommend this place to anyone looking for a delicious taco-- not overly authentic but still has lots of delicious Mexican flare. Relatively new-- I have a feeling they will do well!
5	The tacos are out of this world. One of the best beer selections I've seen. Most importantly the staff is well-trained, knowledgeable and very friendly. Do yourself a favor and try it.
5	Been there 2x both times tacos were delicious! Servers need a lil more help getting the drinks out faster but the food is great! Can't wait to go again!
5	I am staying at the Residence Inn and was looking for a late lunch. Was contemplating the Sub Shop next door but saw the sign "Tacos & Beer" and thought what could be better than that! I was pleased with the blues filled bar and many taps. The menu is simple alacart style and you can mix your order any way you like. Prices are low and the food was off the charts good. Oh did I mention happy hour from 3-6 and 11 to close with $3 Mexican beer, $4 Margaritas and a great selection of tacos for $2 & $3. This is going to be my regular stop for the best tacos around.
4	Amazingly bad service, with great food. Our server abandoned us after we ordered, not allowing us to order anymore drinks or even refill what was on the table. There was around a forty minute period after we finished eating that nobody came over, eventually we flagged down a bus boy who got the waiter. And then our bill included items we didn't even order.Edit:  The manager reached out to me and discussed the situation.  It sounds like it was just a hiccup that comes with a rookie staff in a recently opened restaurant.  The manager was truly excellent in how he handled my complaints.  I have changed my review score to reflect the food more highly rather than the service, because I believe the service will improve with time.  The food is truly good and they have the best craft beer menu in the area by far.
5	Great atmosphere, great food. My friends and I were looking for a place after work to just relax. We found this place and were not dissapointed. We sat at the bar and ordered tacos and some cocktails. I recommend the Puerco Verde taco and for signature drinks,  I recommend the Dirty South Andy. Just an overall great experience!
3	I had such high hopes for this place since my coworkers talked it up so much. The carne asada tacos were bomb. Shrimp tacos were meh, I wish I would've ordered more carne asada instead of the shrimp. Service was very slow it took like 15 minutes to get my beer and they're always out if Dos Equis (according to my coworkers). We had a group of 8 so we had a decent sized table. Almost every order was messed up and only two checks came out right. It took her 20 minutes to correct the issue. The guy bringing out the food was getting frustrated because nothing was right they were clearly upset with us because we kept telling them "This is the wrong order." Or "We're missing a taco from this order." But hey we're paying for our stuff so I think our orders should be correct. I'll probably try this place one more time before I give up on it. Hopefully I'll have an updated review soon! Oh and I don't recommend the frozen margaritas $7 for a small super weak drink it's good for light weight ;)
4	Wow. SO...Finally getting a chance to visit this spot since the change over from Firefly. Ok, here's what was good. The food tasted right, nothing muddied in the flavors and clean executions with seasoning. "Mexican" style food can often get a lil crammed in with too much going on. You can tell that quality marinades, and proper prep work went into the grub here.
5	Hands down the best tacos I've ever had!!! The "rajas con creme" and "veggie" are my favorite! The house margarita or red beer are the perfect compliment to these entrees. The service was amazing! The bartender even remembered me from a previous visit! Everyone was friendly and knowledgable of the menu and specialty drinks. The manager "Chuy" checked on me to make sure I was happy. The restaurant was clean and the seating very comfortable. They also offer outdoor seating under a covered patio. I would highly recommend this restaurant to my friends and family!
5	We, Airline Crew Members, have been to Tacos and Beer multiple times. Hanna is our waitress of choice and the best by far. She's fun, friendly and very professional, love her. Food is excellent and good prices. Daily deals are great and beer is colder than anywhere else. Proximity from the Hotel.......next door LOL.
2	Do these people not have taste buds? Not only was I disappointed but I was shocked for how much the bill was for the 3 tacos and a drink. First off I'm Mexican and in no way does this food taste authentic. The tacos were dry and the the mix paloma drink was awful. This place honestly makes Roberto's taco shop seem delicious. Save yourself the trouble and just go to firefly. The food may be expensive there but at least the ceviche they make will be 10 times better than at this place.
5	this place is so awesome. I absolutely loved the customer service and the drinks are yummy just like the food.  sadly I came here on my last day in Vegas, but I really enjoyed it, next time I come to Vegas I'm definitely returning here!
5	Best tacos ever! Prices are great and quality is even better- all of their food and tacos are like art which are complimented well with the service of their staff and artistic design of the restaurant. Definitely the place to go for some good food and drinks!
5	Tacos & Beer is muy delicious! happy hour starts at 11pm which includes $2 beers and $3 tacos! My favorite is the pork verde tacos. Super nice employees and a very cool vibe a must see for locals and visitors.
1	Terrible service, waited 45 minutes for 3 tacos, I believe they had 1 sever for the whole restaurant.Not only that, saw the manager, big guy, absolutely no regard for what was happening, on a busy day (Mexico's World Cup game) he did not care about the place, I hope he's not the guy in charge of firefly and the tacos place because he might be the reason they're failing.I urge firefly and tacos and beer ownership group to get rid of a manager that doesn't care about both places after all that's happening.I believe management is responsible for the failure of the brand, unsanitary practices start at the top. With his attitude, place is going nowhere.Do not recommend this place, service is horrible and it seems management doesn't care about Tanya customers.There are many taco places in town, I suggest you visit a different spot, manager in charge ( I believe his name is Dave) does not give a damn about the people patronizing his spot.Avoid at all cost.
4	Overall, the food was pretty good. I tried the chicken tostadas - the proportions were perfect; just the right amount and they had a good flavor. My boyfriend had the baja fish tacos which he said were good. He tries fish tacos from just about every place we go and hasnt been pleased with every place, but seemed satisfied with these ones.
1	Hi Yelpers, this is my first review, and to be honest the first time I have been absolutely compelled to write a review. I only wish I had pictures to illustrate my point.My story goes: I spent all night driving to Vegas with a jonesing for some tacos and I stumbled upon this spot. The ambiance, menu and staff were great (4.5 out of 5). Now the food was... horrible. The chips were stale (I dunno how that even happens?), and the tacos were uneatable. No flavor whatsoever, and the ingredients seemed a day old. The final straw was when I opened my al pastor taco and saw a single piece of cilantro! Just one piece! These cooks bestowed no pride or effort into making these tacos, I would have been better served at TacoBell (and I hate saying it). My only mistake was taking my food to go, or else I would have demanded my money back! I wish this restaurant well, and maybe they can turn it around but until then, stay away, far far away from this place. In a nutshell: The taco's are equivalent to cafeteria food, but the ambiance is great, and unless thats your thing don't waste your money.
3	I have done pick up since place is so close to my job but last Friday was first time I at inside. The food is awesome but service is not that great. It took over 15 minutes to get our 2nd drink order placed and another 20 minutes before they even brought them back. They weren't even busy so I don't know why they took so long. Also I wanted to try the frozen margarita with sangria but the sangria wasn't frozen so had to settle for a a regular frozen margarita.
5	AWESOM!!!   Great food, great beer and great service. Fresh made tortillas!!!!  The freshest fish tacos!!!  Corn salad was great along with the black beans!!!   Will eat there the next time!!!   Cool place to go.  Nice selection of bees!!!!!   And reasonable prices!!!!   Get off the strip and EAT there!!!
5	BE CAREFUL! It is SO easy to fill up on the chips and salsa. Start with their delicious guacamole and be sure to add the pomegranate and pumpkin seeds for $1. Typically carne asada is the way to go, but it's definitely further down the list here. Not because it's bad, but because there are others that are simply incredible. If you like fish Tacos, try the grilled or fried Mahi Mahi, it's very tasty and full of flavor. The beef options are plentiful with lengua, ground, and steak. Then their are a few veggie options, which I haven't tried, and finally... The coup de grace, the pork. First is the pork Verde, which is pretty much sauce less and has (get this) pork rinds. It's very tasty. Lastly, their pork al pastor is to die for. Pineapple, some delicious sauce, perfectly prepared pork and more. Literally the perfect taco. On top of the food, this joint has the BEST brews in Vegas. I'm a snob about this stuff, and believe me, the selection is INCREDIBLE. Anyway, if you're on Yelp, you clearly will try this place out before got believe me. Do it. You won't be disappointed.
3	There seems to be a lot of rave around this place.  Let me be completely honest with this place and say that it's very average.  Some of the tacos are really good, many of them are very average, and a few of them are not good at all. It's about $2-$4 per taco, and they are very small.  You will get one order of complimentary chips and salsa, and then you have to pay to have a refill.  I think I ended up paying about $12 for my lunch, and I was pretty hungry afterwards. The environment is very casual, with plenty of televisions to watch any sports games going on. I haven't had the alcohol, so I can't speak to any of that.  As far as the food goes, it's very average and you could get a much better taco at Los Tacos or Tacos El Gordo. I wouldn't avoid eating here, but this would definitely not be my destination of choice.
5	This place is amazing! Craft beers are my favorite and they have an amazing selection. Told Hank the bar tender/ GM  what I was in the mood for and knew the perfect beer to go with some killer tacos! I live in LA and I will drive to Vegas just to go back to this place.
5	This is amazing, interesting mexican food made with great care. Delicious food at a surprisingly great price!
5	You must do this place for happy hour!! $2 tacos $3 Mexican beer.  The tacos were super delish.  A nice twist on Mexican meets America.  We enjoyed one al pastor and one barbacoa crunchy.  They are bigger than traditional tacos., so $2 is way cheap.  The service was great, too.  We'll be back!
2	Food was great but our server was horrible. Didn't check on us at all. . As we wanted to order more food. . No water refill.. waited a good 10 to 15 for our check. As servers/managers ourselves in the business, This was not acceptable & very disappointing.
5	Place was recommended to us by a staff member at the Hard Rock.... Thank you !!!I am pretty sure the mahi mahi fish taco was the best I have ever had. I also got a shrimp taco- just as delicious. My husband said his 4 were off the hook. Great selection of Microbrew beers on tap- Homerun !! Friendly helpful staff and very good prices.
4	Tacos and beer!! It's that simple.Located along Paradise Rd and a little past East Twain, Imperial Tacos and Beer is situated in a decent sized strip mall across from Marrakech. If you are local, it's where the old Firefly was located.I'll start by saying this: Don't fill up on starters. The Guac crab and mango starter is great but is filing.The tacos here are great, sampling variety from Crunchy to Baja Fish but the one the I can recommend is the Verde Pastor. Plenty of flavor with an interesting combo of ingredients. The servings are a little bigger than your regular street tacos so don't worry you won't be hungry later.The beer selection is extensive. The menu has most of the beers broken down into simply categories that are easy to follow. If you want an updated beer menu check the blackboard beside the bar.As for the service, our busser and host were awesome. The busser took our orders and recommend different tacos. The sever wasn't really around that much.The hostess was amazing, she had a very extensive knowledge of beer and was amazing in recommending. Management better change her to the bar or someone is going to scoop her up!OverallFood: 4-5Drink: 4-5Service: 3-5Coming back: yes
1	Ok, if I could give 0 stars I would.  My boyfriend and I had heard really great things about this place and it was the most disappointing dining experience we have had.We were greeted friendly and the atmosphere is nice and there's plenty of TVs if you're into sports and that's where the good ends.  It took 10-15 minutes to get our drinks after we ordered.  Another 15 minutes later our order was finally taken.  We tried asking our server for recommendations and he seemed confused.  After we ordered out appetizer they kept bringing us appetizers that weren't ours and we had to keep reminding them what we ordered.  Then after 30 minutes of sitting there a random plate of chips and salsa were dropped off.  We again thought this was a mistake since complimentary chips and salsa do not take 30 minutes.  Our service varied from server to buser and neither seemed to have a clue what was going on or what was in the dishes.  It seemed like it was their first day open and not they had been open for months or that you would even know they owned other businesses.  When we did finally get our food the tacos were salty and lacked any other flavor with maybe a teaspoon of meat in them and the ceviche looked worse than something my cat vomited up to be quite blunt and honest.  Just isn't a better to describe that - it definitely was not fresh.  And after their other business has had food scandals with the media you would think they would have this figured out.The worst part was watching the one gentleman who greeted us bust his butt around the place while the owner walked around aimlessly and his wife was only concerned with chatting with one table of their friends and walked by not only us by several other patrons multiple times without even asking if the food was ok or anything at all.Terrible food, terrible service.  Sad - I wanted it to be good.
5	For starters, the guacamole is amazing, I get it with pumpkin seeds and  crab...so so so good. I have also worked my way through all the tacos, the carne asada, shrimp, puerco verde, and beef barbacoa are favorites, the verde one has pork rinds, and the barbacoa is in a crunchy shell and has mashed potatoes in it.....MASHED POTATOS...this fat kids dream of course. Another dish i love are the Sopes, i cannot describe them, but they are amazing. For dessert, do yourself a favor...get the churros.....the best i have ever had! It comes with 2, they have this caramelly goodness or something in the middle and chocolate dipping sauce....just order them.Im not a huge beer person but they have quite a selection, the bartenders were awesome, we come on Friday nights and Stephany and Garick are behind the bar, they are so much fun. The hostesses and servers are always so nice.
1	Visited the old firefly joint about two days ago and I was very disappointed.Lackluster place with no zest to it, place is always empty and it feels like there's only 5 tables in the whole place.They need to improve the vibe for this joint, there is no appeal for customers to visit this place.Salsas are stale, tacos are not good and they're expensive. The only good thing is the beer selection which doesn't make out for the fact that you will get bad service and bad food.Overall I would visit several other taco places before you go and take a look at this dump. There's a great variety of places in town that kill this place.Avoid at all costs!!!!
5	Food is great! Incredible beer selection!! I'll b back for happy hour cause who doesn't love an amazing deal?! The staff was impeccable considering our table was pretty outa control. I felt bad for everyone else but than again, that's Vegas? Outside seating is a plus. Thank you to the staff for putting up with our nonsense.
4	Nice decor, very nice hostess, great server named Karen. Tacos were ok. 4 stars because of the service.
5	My husband had scouted this place out and we remember it as "the old Firefly". One thing that reels us in is Happy Hour - and a late one at that. The late night Happy Hour is especially great because it's a great pitstop after being on the Strip. It's 11-2 AM every day. The food is amazing. I find it to have flavors way better than any other taco I have ever tasted. The service was also great - your drinks and water are always getting filled and multiple people come by to check on you. The tacos are $2 each and we tried most all of them on the Happy Hour Menu. We especially loved the Al Pastor and Puerco Verde tacos. The Al Pastor has pineapple in it and that's what gives it such a bright and great taste. They also give you a starter plate of chips and salsa - also very fresh tasting.We went back to the restaurant a few days later during their afternoon Happy Hour from 3-6 PM daily and again, it was equally as good, both food and service. We were checked on multiple times and never had to ask for anything. The very next day, we told our friend that we had to take them to try Happy Hour. So yes, three times in one week. I am happy to say that we are so far 3 out of 3 in food and service. Amazing all the way around and I can't wait to go back. It's refreshing to have a Happy Hour that has really really good menu items at such a reasonable price. Three tacos and I'm full - at most four tacos. The last time I was there - also tried the Churros. Delish!!!
5	We went there with a big group on Saturday night and it was awesome! The service was great despite the debacle that always comes with a huge group. We got a bunch of chips & salsa, guacamole, queso and flautas for the table and those disappeared. The guacamole is top notch with lots of avocado and the queso is probably the best I've had. I'm not sure what all is in it but it has a great flavor.The beer selection is one of the best I've seen in town. They've got about 20 beers on tap and a lot more bottles. The beers on tap aren't your average beers either...they are hard-to-find microbrews and Belgians. The people at Tacos & Beer seem to know a thing or two about beer so they pick out the good stuff.As for the tacos, I only got 2 since I was full from all the appetizers and beer but they were both touchdowns. I got the carne asada (a classic - and it was delicious) and the fish tacos. The fish taco was probably my favorite actually: big chunks of fish, tasty and crunchy veggies and a big dollop of guac on top.Definitely recommend if you're visiting or a local.
3	Saw Tacos & Beer on Facebook interested in trying. Stopped by on a Saturday, pretty steady Kaylee was our server. Food was a little slow but customer service made up for it!
5	First let me say that I am not a beer drinker, but my brother and friends are. The tacos are outstanding with a very authentic taste. My personal favorite is the Pork Taco Al Pastor and the Chicken Tinga Taco. The chips and salsa are some of my favorite in town. The wait staff and bartenders are pretty awesome and I have never had a bad time here. I highly recommend it to friends and family, and visit there about once a week these days. I've been for lunch, dinner and for drinks late. There's never a bad time to stop in. The beer is great, and I usually ask for a sample of the ones I don't know. They are always generous with the samples and usually recommend a good beer based on my tastes. I end up with something on the light side like a Maui Blonde, but my brother likes the Sucaba and darker beers from Firestone. The prices are very reasonable, unlike Aces and Ales which is similar but very pricey. Give it a try, I don't think you will be disappointed.
5	Tried some new things on my latest visit that should definitely be on your radar:1. Guacamole - of course2. Queso - probably made with some beer in it and it had beans which was a yummy surprise3. Tortilla soup - this thing blew me away. It was full of delicious-ness4. Churros - I'm still dreaming about these things.5. Flan - I am not a fan of flan, but I could see why all 15 people at our table were going nuts over this stuff. It is better than the rest.
5	What a marvelous find for late night dining near the Strip. The tacos were small, allowing one to try several, and flavorful with a well thought out mix of complementary ingredients.The draft beer selection, while not exceptionally large offering about a dozen choices, was varied in style. Our exceptionally friendly and helpful server (?Kaycee) happily provided samples of the interesting choices. The margaritas were tremendous and were quite the bargain during the early and late happy hours at only $4.P.S. and to all of the previous posters that recommened to get the pumpkin seeds added to the guacomole dip, you were all correct.
5	I love love this place and the bartender Stephanie makes its sooooo much better!! The tacos are so different buts delicious. I had the crunchy taco which had beef, lettuce, tomato, cheese, and......mashed potatoes yes I said mashed potatoes!!! It was delish. There are so many different tacos to chose from ad well as amazing avocado dip and cheese dip. The ceviche was amazing. I think they also have the best chips. Stephanie makes the absolute best drinks. Its super cheap too which is awesome! Definitely recommend this place for great food and a fun time!!
5	Love this place. The decor is awesome. Perfect place for date night, night out with friends or family dinner. The chips and salsa are on point. Love this place cause it's not like every other taco or mexican place in town.  Favorites are the crunchy taco made with mashed potatoes (hubby loved all the meaty tacos), guacomole with pumpkin seeds and pomegranate seeds and  enchilada stack. Great beer selection. Ton of craft beers. Def will be checking this place out again soon.
5	Great place to get tacos in Las Vegas! They make the tortillas in-house and they are amazing. A cool atmosphere & more importantly, the food is great!
5	Eat here! Came here today for lunch with a friend and our kids. I'd been wanting to try this place after driving past it a few times. It was pretty empty for lunchtime on a Saturday so we sat right down. I ordered 3 different tacos: beer battered mahi mahi, pork with pineapples, and a crunchy beef taco with mashed potatoes (yes mashed potatoes). All were amazing but my fav was the pork. It was difficult to narrow it down to just three tacos so I'm definitely coming back for the rest. Do not leave here without getting the churros! Next time I'm eating those first. Came with a chocolate dipping sauce and some fresh whipped cream...I almost died it was so good. The kids ordered the quesadilla that came fried, they weren't too excited about it and the waiter noticed this without us saying a word and brought out a regular quesadilla on the house for each of them. Overall the service and the food was wonderful! Already planning my next visit.
5	This place is awesome! I love beer and I love tacos... and they do both perfect.
4	Okay so this is my first time trying this place and I love it! I had their corn salad and two different type of vegetarian tacos. Their prices are so reasonable so I am deff coming back.
5	Was starving and with my girls so we decided to come here! First time here and we ordered the chips and salsa (of course) which was very delicious btw! I ordered the pork al pastor tacos and carne asada tacos! Also with a margarita on the rocks! Their happy hour is a amazing and their staff is awesome! Kiana is a waitress and kept checking on us! So sweet! Will be back! Prices are affordable, they play great music and the food is to die for!
5	Really neat place to eat, great food!
3	I came here on a Tuesday night for Techno Taco Tuesdays. Their complimentary chips and salsa were good. Their salsa is not spicy. It's the slushy, mild kind. Their tacos were $2 that night. Their tacos normally are $3-$4 each. I already had an early dinner so only got two tacos- beef adobada and the veggie potato cheese taco. The tacos are small.They have a very impressive craft beer selection. However, they need to know their beers. My husband ordered an IPA and one of the Belgian beers for the second round. The second beer tasted exactly like the first beer. When we asked the waiter, he said it was the right order. Uh, OK? My friend ordered an amber ale but they gave him one of the IPAs.I came here again the following week. The second time here, they forgot my friend's taco. No biggie, it happens. I got the carne asada and the veggie taco since I liked that one the last time. Carne asada was OK. Not bad or the best.I would come back during HH and please make sure you give people the right beer please!
5	Wow, what a find! If you're a foodie and you love Mexican food then you have to visit Imperial Tacos and Beer! My wife and I tried several different selections and found all of them to have a very vibrant and colorful taste! Plus the lime rice has to be one of the best I've ever had. Also they serve their tacos in a soft corn tortilla that they make fresh as soon as you place your order! The staff was very friendly and attentive and the price was definitely right! We will be back before we leave town!
4	Service was good. Food was tasty. Restaurant was clean.There wasn't an "Open" sign lit so I didn't know they were open until I tried to open a door. Also I had no clue which door to go into as it wasn't properly labeled.
5	Worth the .9 mile walk off the strip. All the reviews I read were spot on. Refreshing margaritas, top notch ceviche, some of the best guacamole I've ever had, and queso with beer in it. Barbacoa and pork al pastor? Yes please
5	Had dinner here as date night, great choice!  We were immediately served water and chips and salsa which was nice to snack on while we decided what to order.  We started with an appetizer of guacamole which was a great choice.  It had just the right amount of creaminess and lime.  I tried the Fish tacos which were grilled Mahi-Mahi with a mango salsa.  Very good.  We also had the shrimp taco, the Baja fish, and my wife's favorite, the bean and cheese.  It was made with a soft corn tortilla, beans, cheese, and some fresh veggies on top.  As simple as it was it was full of flavor.  We also particularly enjoyed the cilantro lime rice.  Overall the staff was friendly and helpful and made sure we had enough beer at all times.  Great menu and friendly staff!
5	This place was awesome. From the music to the food to the atmosphere. I came here with my husband for dinner and we were impressed upon walking into the place. We live in San Diego but were in Las Vegas celebrating our 10 year anniversary. We decided to come here in search of Mexican food. This restaurant did not disappoint, which is saying something since finding authentic Mexican food is pretty easy where we live. We ordered off the happy hour menu and got a variety of tacos plus the chips and salsa. The salsa tastes very fresh and the chips are delicious. The chicken tacos were so good. We loved the staff. Loved the music. Wish we could come back!
5	My wife and I were looking for a place to eat off of the strip, and found this place on Yelp. We arrived during happy hour, which was perfect for us.The chips were good, and the salsa was very tasty. Their tacos were delicious, and the tortillas are freshly made. It was nice to have an affordable meal for once.Great ambiance, great music, great service.
5	Great and unique beer selection. Staff seemed to be on it. Very friendly and she gave good recommendations. I've been here about 5 times and everything I have had is great. I love that they are open late night. Occasionally they have a DJ and their happy hour is insanely cheap. $3 Mexican beers and $2 tacos. Shut the front door! What else do you want people!?!
5	Fantastic food, cheap as hell and awesome ambience. DEFINITELY coming back!! Got the fish taco (mouthful of tender fish and limey awesomeness) and the beef barbacoa taco (not a better way to my heart than putting mashed potatoes in my taco). A++
4	Tacos are great! Good variety of beers you can't usually get, but you're also paying the price for those beers! Good service too!
5	Thank you so much to Hank for inviting us back!! Food was fabulous but even better was the service from the time we walked in till the time we walked out! Kaley was excellent & earned herself some new regulars!! Definitely stepped their game up! Thank you Jaime, Hank & Kaley! We'll be back soon!!
5	I've been here quite a few times and always had a great experience. I tacos are a la carte, so you can pick and choose which ones you want. They have a few tacos that are vegetarian, and they're really good. They have a happy hour where some of the tacos are $2. The average price per taco is between $2.50-$3.50 each. I typically eat a lot and get full off of 3-4 tacos. The beers are pretty cheap ($3.00ish) for happy hour as well. They have a wide variety of beers as well. Service is great and the staff is friendly.
5	Power packing selection of craft draft beers!  They offer 20 handles of fun, foamy goodness for your mouth.  Many of which really bring it in terms of ABV, so be careful because they can knock you on your butt in no time flat.  The staff deliver fantastic, friendly service.  One night we were fortunate to sit down at the bar next to the manager, David, who is very friendly and eager to make sure that his guests have an outstanding experience on his watch.  The food - this menu is small, but delicious and won't put a hurtin on your wallet.  They have a weekday happy hour and reverse happy hour that I've yet to try, but I'm highly looking forward to.  In case ya didn't know, now ya know - it's locating in the old Firefly location.
5	This a great place for some gourmet yet quick Mexican food. I'm a vegetarian and this is my go to Mexican spot. Great food, great service, and even better environment. Definitely got to check out the decor, it's so diff from other places I've seen. My favorite is the salad, not the jicama salad but  the only other one they have.
5	Every taco I ate was amazing! The  pastor, puerco verde, Barbados y lengua. Place is ridiculous with flavor. I got here at 3:00. The bartenders we're solid. I will keep this in my notes for the next Vegas trip. Prices were good for the value. And lastly, I'm stuffed. Enjoy
5	What a sweet accident! We happened upon this place while we were desperate for a place to eat a quick dinner. We were seated on the small patio. The tacos are AMAZING!  The Pork al Pastor is great, but the Fish Taco is out of this world! Further, the integrity of the management and wait staff is really commendable. I left a bag with something valuable within on the back of my chair (on the patio)  and didn't notice til I was at the airport. I called the manager, who had it, and I was able to retrieve it without difficulty. And the manager would not take the cash I offered.  If I ever get back to Vegas, I will stop here again. And leave a big tip.
2	I wanted to give this place another shot. We got the same server as last time and she managed to mess up my order and I only ordered two tacos. She even asked me twice to clarify if I wanted one or two tacos AND wrote it down. Co-worker wanted a beer and the taps were frozen yet again. People were coming by picking up our plates and trying to clear the table of silverware, glasses and plates while one person was still eating. I can understand the plates but our cups too? They even tried taking the Tecate bucket with one beer still in it. I just felt extremely rushed. They weren't even busy so I don't get it.
2	The place is decorated beautifully. We were excited to try the food but that is when we were disappointed. We tried 7 different taco between the two of us and would not recommend any of them..
5	TheBomb.com!!! Tasty food, great service! There was nothing bad on the menu and the beer selection was phenomenal! If ever in Vegas a must stop!
1	Do NOT waste your money here.  I don't understand how people can like this food.  I wouldn't eat here for free.  I also went with a cook who is from Mexico who got "the runs" from their tacos.  They boil their meats....... I tried every taco on the happy hour menu and the margherita........ The deink tasted like soap and the tacos were absolutely horrible.
5	Tacos And Beer is awesome!My husband and I have eaten here several times, and we love it more with each visit.The atmosphere is great. The decor is really unique and inviting.The staff is friendly, and helpful. The bartenders were very knowledgeable of their extensive beer menu. If you're a fan of great craft beer, Tacos and Beer is the place to go. They have an amazing selection of hard to find craft brews. Everything from imperial stouts for my husband, to wild sour beers, and even honey mead for me. The general manager, Dave, knows more about beer than anyone I've ever met. He was kind enough to introduce us to, what are now, several of our favorite beers!And the food is absolutely delicious! Chips and guacamole are great. Oh and the beer cheese dip is ridiculous. We've tried most of the tacos and love them all. Our favorites are; the crunchy tacos with mash potatoes, the puerco verde with pork rinds, the beef adobada, and the pork al pastor. The flautas are also great! We have also eaten dessert there, and my goodness, the flan is amazing, definitely the best flan I've ever had. The churros are really great as well.Overall, this is just a great restaurant in Las Vegas!
4	Great tacos, good restaurant.  This is a Mexican style restaurant much like you would expect.  They boast a large beer selection.  They offer chips and salsa, guacamole, and more.  The service is good.  But the Tacos are original and excellent.  Go for the tacos,
4	Great beer selection and fresh tasting tacos. Recommend the peurco Verde.  Taco Tuesday $2 taco s was a great deal. Enjoy good food off the strip.
5	Outstanding tacos. Great beer selection. Great staff!
4	Cool environment. We sat outside and it was nice and comfortable. It was really busy, but it didn't take long to get a table. The tacos were good. We ordered almost every taco on the menu. The al pastor, shrimp, and lengua were my favorites. The Margaritas were poured just right and the come with this cool foaming salt on top. On tuesdays they do Techno Taco Tuesday. They play Techno music and after eleven is happy hour. Seafood tacos are $3. All other tacos are $2. Select Craft beers are $3. Margaritas are $4 and really good. Check it out you'll definitely have a great time. Date night or pre-game.
5	I Love this place!!! The crunchy tacos are amazing. I have ordered many of their menu items and love them all. Drinks are reasonably priced as well.
2	The food was fine, think chevy's quality, but I wouldn't eat here again nor would I recommend it, so two stars. -Guacamole: large portion, was brought to our table ice cold; either avocados were in the freezer, or guac was made in the morning & refridgerated. Taste was decent, but I couldn't tell til it thawed. -Chicken taqutos: again crazy portion sizes; fat, thick rolled tacos. Ends were crisp & tasty, middle was soggy. - Tacos: disn't take more than a bite of each. Fish taco tasted like a frozen fish stick, & was kind of fishy. Crispy taco w/ shredded beef was just huge & salty & greasy. Obviously, quantity over quality is the name of the game here. Waitress was overwhelming. We were one of three parties there before noon & she annoyingly showered us with attention, asking every 5 minutes, "and how are things tasting?" I was polite & didn't tell her. I'm seeing a pattern with vegas eateries: as long as a restaurant doesn't completely suck, they're bestowed a near-perfect four-star rating. That rating system doesn't work for me.
4	The food was great, the service was terrific and the atmosphere was nice too. We went early, as we had 2 toddlers with us, to which the staff was super accommodating. According to my daughter the Lengua tacos were the best. The craft beer selection was enormous,  we will have to go back and spend more time tasting the yummy brews.
2	places like this really make me wonder about yelp reviewers.  4 1/2 stars?  you have got to be kidding me.  these chefs know nothing about Mexican flavors.  started with guacamole (at least I thought I did.  it actually came out 5 minutes after my tacos).  the avocado wasn't quite ripe which made the texture somewhat unappealing.  it also lacked flavor.  I squirted a little lime juice in it which kinda helped.  as for the tacos, blah.  the famous crispy taco was pretty boring and the mashed potato was gag worthy.  the pork taco wasn't bad but at 4 bucks I'm gonna put it in the fail category.  finally, the barbacoa taco shared the same fate.  for a place that supposedly specializes in tacos, Imperial has a lot of work to do.  go try the lamb tacos at carson kitchen if you really want to be blown away.  and, they make their own tortillas.  almost forgot to mention the beer.  they were out of the one I wanted.  that fact, combined with the lack of front of the house service, and a mostly empty restaurant at dinner time, lead me to believe this place is in serious trouble.
5	How good could a place called Tacos and Beer be? Very good. The tacos were a huge surprise. I'm used to the grocery store tacos with the crunchy shells. Not theirs. Great Soft corn tortillas (probably made there). You don't make your own, instead pick from a selection of about 20 different combos. I loved the pork.  Oh and Hanna, our waitress did a great job delivering fresh baked nacho chips! They also have a nice selection of craft beers and all the regular beers too.
4	This place catered a couple of parties for my company and did an OUTSTANDING job.  The food was decent, and the staff was on time and prompt.  They showed up prepared and made everything SUPER easy.  The queso had to be my favorite.  I still have yet to check out the restaurant in person, but it is on my "to do" list.Thank you Tacos & Beer.
4	On our recent trip to Vegas we were looking for something reasonably priced that was open a little later (dinner around 9:30pm.) We also decided to include the idea of going off the strip, and after a random search of restaurants not too far from our hotel selected Tacos  Beer.We were pleasantly surprised to have discovered this hidden gem.  It was dead when we arrived (only 2 other people inside) which we were a little worried about at first, but any worries we had quickly went away once we got the food.  The guacamole was delicious and the tacos were some of the tastier ones I've had in quite a while (my favorite was the baja fish taco.)  The cilantro-lime rice (side) was also very delicious.  Staff were very friendly and attentive.Overall a great value, tacos were an average of $3 a piece.  For dinner for 4 of us with two rounds of beer the bill came to a very reasonable $100...and it was definitely worth exploring slightly off the beaten path of the strip.
5	I was in Las Vegas and met some local girls who invited me out to dinner at this location for "Taco Tuesday". First the beer selection is beautiful and its truly a local place. They have a full bar as well and its a really great little party spot. They had a huge TV while the World Series was going on so it was a great atmosphere, almost sports-barish.On to the food:They had a great menu with everything Mexican with an American touch. The tacos were great and the enchiladas were among the best I've had. If you're a craft beer fan then this is a must stop for a calm location away from the strip.
1	This place is obviously for tourists who don't know their way around Vegas. When we got there, they seated us I'm the dining room because it was Latin night. A place that serves tacos has a Latin night? It turns out there was a band who began laying in as we were leaving (which means we could have say in the dining room). The coctel was more like canned clams, canned crab, strangely halved shrimp in a ketchup sauce. The tacos were way overpriced, as was the beer. For the price of the carne asada, I expected some flavor and no gristle, but the most flavor I got from one was when I bit into the hidden lime. If you want some authentic Mexican food, get farther away from the strip and go somewhere that has actual recipes.
2	Friendly staff but everything else is just bad, ( accept the salsa that comes with the chips... Which you do pay for ) first of all it's called tacos and beer but when you go in it doesn't feel like a place to relax and drink a beer it's more like a stuffy date restaurant with low lighting, they are really over priced for the portions they give and their food is nothing special. It's really uncomfortable if you have kids and the tables are over crowded with stuff. Would never eat there again and I love mexican food.
5	Many tacos have perished from this place at my hands. Was their death in vein? I don't really care just.... MORE TACOS PLEASE!!!!!!!Oh yeah and the service is good. They serve the most delicious tacos.
4	Great food shrimp tacos are the best and the veggie one I hated the beer tart ass beer
5	Killer tacos.  Quite possibly the best carne asada tacos I've ever had.  Great beer selection.  Friendly, helpful staff.  Techno on Tuesday nights.  Need I say more?  Now I'm hungry for tacos...
5	1. Awesome veggie tacos2. Awesome rajas tacos3. Hanna provides fantastic serviceI'm on my third day in a row at this place.
3	Tacos were excellent. Although, my tacos came about ten minutes before my friend's. The server was awkward and never checked on us. While my friend was waiting for his food, the server kept asking if we wanted more chips, not our actual order. I'll try this place out again in hopes of better service.
1	Don't go here!!!! This is the worst place I've been to in a very long time and it really really takes a lot for me to say that but I feel everyone needs to know so that they don't experience what I had to go through. From the beginning I knew it was a bad sign when my party and I were not greeted , not knowing if we can seat ourselves or have to wait for someone, after waiting for a minute to be seated we were told to sit anywhere and when we chose a table we were told "you can't sit there". What!!? So after we were given a table that we could sit at our waiter came by and took our order, well that was the only time we saw our waiter, he disappeared never to return, never checked up on us, NOTHING! Our order was wrong when it was brought to us and our side dishes didn't come until the end, the point of side dishes are to enjoy them during the meal. The food was nothing special and nothing out of the ordinary, their beans taste exactly like Hormel chilli beans and everything lacked flavor. Del taco has better tacos and beans than this place and they even sell burgers! With no service from our waiter I flagged down the busboy and then took the job of our waiter refilling our drinks and taking our plates, etc. When it came time to pay the bill it was just as awful, more like a 25min awful wait. I literally could've dined and dashed with all the opportunities I was given not being served but my party said no because karma is a bitch so I agreed. I ended up getting up to pay the bill at the front of the Resturant where I met the owner and told him about our horrible experience and he didn't seem to care, at the same time out waiter magically appeared as we were leaving and talking to his boss. After a couple of minutes of them talking our waiter came back with a revised bill, I paid him and gave the tip to our busboy. On top of all the horrible service and horrible food I ended up getting food poisoning that I still am suffering from as I write this review. DONT GO HERE! Save your money, there are way better places with better food than this place.
4	Experience:  I had a groupon that included chips and guacamole, 6 tacos and two sides, so I brought my girl to check it out. We actually hit it during happy hour too, so our beer was a very reasonable price too!Service: we waited for a few minutes before anyone greeted us at the door.  The owner or manager finally came over and seated us. He did apologize for the wait too. Our waitress was ok...she was nice enough, just not very attentive. She was pretty busy, so it wasn't the best service. I'm reasonable about being busy, but when your waitress is the only one in the restaurant and she's too busy, that makes me think it's poor management. Food: the guacamole and chips were good. I ordered the fish taco, shrimp taco and the crunchy taco that has mashed potatoes in it, and the cilantro rice for my side. My fav was definitely the fish taco. The other two were good, but the fish taco was great!  I ordered a Tecate, but they serve it in a can. I sent it back, because I'm not a fan of canned beer. I feel like the waitress should have warned me. So, then I ordered a grey lady beer, and it was actually very good.  It was a witbier or white beer. It's my first time trying it and I was impressed. Nice and light and even a little citrusy flavor....perfect because I did not want to fill up on beer. Facility: this is a cute little casual spot with some outdoor seating too. Would be great to sit outside in nice weather during happy hour for cheap beer and $2 tacos!Overall review: I am going to give this a 4 star, because of the lacking service. However, I do see me returning to this spot for more tacos and beer!
5	If you love tacos, this is your place.  If you like beer you will like this place even more.  I stopped in here twice during my trip to vegas for the week.  They have some amazing taco combinations and you buy them individually, so you are not stuck with a plate of food you only wanted half of. They also had a great beer selection, most I had not heard of.  They are happy to offer suggestions and give you samples until you find something you like.  All of the staff here was great and the bill was small even with all the food and beer.
4	I was interested in this place after seeing a bunch of yelp buds check into here. It was a very solid experience. I guess that this used to be the old Firefly restaurant, with the same owners as Firefly. Instead of a tapas restaurant, they have turned it into an upscale Mexican restaurant.The interior is dark and moody, giving the place a very relaxed feel where you can just kick back and chill with your buddies.First ordered the house guacamole. It was nicely made, but I thought it could have used a touch more seasoning. But, I did enjoy that lil kick of heat that they put in it. The chips were super crispy, and not too greasy.Then, my tacos came out. First, I gotta say, I love the tacos here. They put a lot of attention to the small details. The rock shrimp tacos are bomb. Coated with a slightly spicy (but not too spicy) seasoning, they were cooked to perfection. I would also recommend the crunchy tacos. They actually put mashed potatoes in them! And it works marvelously. The lengua and barbacoa tacos were hits as well.Ordered some sides as well. The charro beans were just OK. I did like the fresh chicharrones on top though. Also got the hot chilies. I would say to avoid this. It came with just 3 roasted chilies that were cooked with lime juice. I'm sure there are better options on the sides menu that you can choose.I like this place and would come back here with friends and colleagues. I would also like to try some drinks here next time, they seem to have an interesting program going on there.
4	Amazing food. One week, I visited this hot spot three times! It's a hit or miss with the costumer service though. So hopefully it's a good night...
4	Great combo of tacos and beer. Tacos for the most part were great. Service was awesome getting samples to try new beers that I hadn't tried before. Sat at the bar during lunch.
4	Great value and great beer selection. An IBU (international bittering units) column on the beer menu is very helpful and makes choosing a beer even easier.Carne Asada and Al Pastor tacos were way above average. Chicken and fish tacos were above average. All tacos are larger than average. This is a relaxing spot with good lighting and friendly servers.The exhibition kitchen is unexpected and nice - you can watch the cooks give every taco the attention it deserves.Good number of big HDTV screens. A smart spot to watch games and/or grab a quick lunch.And the *secret* Habanero salsa is great - ask for it if you need some extra heat - with a spice level somewhere between the secret habanero at Border Grill's (not as hot) and Javier's (hotter).
4	Amazing food. Took a while to get our food but when we did... It was so good. I got the Baja fish, crunchy, and dorado tacos and a house margarita on the rocks. They were on point, and the margarita definitely had a kick to it. I had to order another Baja fish taco because it was so good. Everything tasted super fresh! I would definitely recommend this place. They have great food and a fun atmosphere. I will definitely be back soon.
3	I really want to love this place but after my second time for dinner I still find it mediocre. I order salsa, chips and guac every time and both times I tried a different queso app and I didn't really love either of them. I've tried several of the tacos and still have not found one that makes me truly want to come back just for that taco. They're good but nothing to write home about. Also, service is sort of slow.
5	Had an awesome experience at this quiet spot East of the Strip. Had guacamole with bacon...yum!Great Rojo y verde Salsas!I shared 9 different tacos and all were amazing. Meat juicy and flavorful. Tortillas were fresh and light. Best part of all was the Evil Twin Triple IPA. Epic!
5	Probably the best tacos I have had in Las Vegas ! Today was my first time and I will be back often . I am not a big meat eater so I ordered there bean and cheese as we'll as a potato taco and the here amZing
5	YUMMMM!!!I cannot wait to return to this wonderful Boutique Mexican Taco Restaurant!!!! The atmosphere was very relaxing & not too loud. The staff was super helpful and pointed us in the right direction while ordering. You can't go wrong here, everything on the menu was delicious! *the guacamole needed a little more seasoning, but was still super fresh* Our drinks never ran dry & there was always someone checking on us. We had such a blast here & plan to return SOON!  :)
3	It's located in the same plaza on the other side of Marrakech and Satay which used to house the old Firefly location.Came here around 1p thinking their HH was earlier than it really is but decided to check it out anyway since we were already there. Inside decor is hip and I remember hearing Empire of the Sun playing in the background. My friend noticed a Black Keys poster hanging on their wall. Got seated by the windows and started off with a passion fruit margarita, mango margarita, and chips and salsa. Margaritas were good. Preferred the passion fruit over the mango. They were flavors you can easily down. Chips and salsa were ok but for $1.95 it wasn't bad.Ordered the corn salad, fish taco, shrimp taco, and the al pastor. My friend liked her fish taco and I liked the shrimp. The al pastor for us, was meh. We thought it wasn't as good as the fish and shrimp. I think what makes their tacos good are the tortillas they use. I could probably eat it alone. Such perfect texture. Also, don't skip out on the corn salad. Probably my favorite thing I tried here.Service was very attentive. They consistently make sure you're doing okay but it came to the point where they checked on us so often, we felt rushed to finish our meals. HH is 3p-6 and 11p-close. I'd come back to check it out. The HH menu does seem like it got shorter in comparison to the past but prices are reasonable regardless.
1	Don't waste your time.  Food is just ok and the service may be the worst in the city!  A friend and I went for an early dinner, around 6 pm.  The place was hardly half full.  We waited for quite some time before we were even greeted.  Then the greeting consisted of, "do you want to start with margaritas?" When we declined the drinks, the server left and a different server came back 10 mins later to take our food order.   We started with chips and guac which were mediocre, a little bland.  So we thought we add some spice.  We asked for hot sauce and continued asking for it, 3 times to be exact, didn't get it till our tacos came out.  I don't know if maybe they were having an off day but will definitely not be back to waste my money.     I am a very understand customer especially being that I work in that industry but man, it was honestly that bad!
5	Outstanding. Both styles of fish tacos awesome. Lots of unique flavors,  authenticate tasting and presentation was nice. Everyone one that we spoke to there was very friendly. Definitely a must try. Well be back for sure.
4	Great lunch spot. If you're a chips & salsa lover, you'll love this place. Service is quick,  the food was excellent and they gave me just the right amount of enchiladas to walkout satisfied.
4	So first of all, let me say that this place is amazing! The food is absolutely spectacular and fresh! The tortillas are made to order which makes the tacos that much better. The reason that I am giving it only 4 stars though is because I think that they should be open past 2 closing at 2 just doesn't work with my work schedule. I would say stay open to 3 would work much better.
4	Color me impressed. I wasn't sure what to think going into this restaurant. But hey, we had a Groupon.It's located in the same spot as the original Firefly on Paradise. So it's small-ish. And parking can be challenged when this little strip mall is packed. But that said, we had zero issues at 7pm on a Friday night.We were seated immediately. Though, there was no hostess at the hostess stand. So we did stand around for a few minutes trying to catch someone's eye.They're repainted it and whatnot, but it's still a similar layout to how Firefly was. Nice decor. Good ambiance.The waitstaff were attentive and pleasant. Particularly quick to refill drinks and clear plates.The guacamole was good. Nothing particularly noteworthy. Next time, I'd probably opt for one of their queso options (they have 2!).The tacos were delicious. It's all a la carte. The tacos range from $2.50 to $3.75 for one taco. And you can mix and match to your heart's content. The Groupon included 6 tacos, so we tried 6 different ones. They even have vegetarian options, which were quite tasty. In fact, my 2 favs were a veggie one and the pork al pastor (good flavor and topped with pineapple). The beef ones were also good choices.You can then pick various sides. We went for the chorizo and bacon beans and the cilantro rice. Both were full of flavor.The drink list is actually pretty good. There's some cocktails and wines, but beer (duh!) is the star here. The beer list was pretty lengthy and had some good finds.All in all, we had a pleasant and tasty dining experience here.
4	Love the Tacos very cheap and a great variety. Didn't like the fact that they charged $1.95 for Salsa and chips. The chips were good but you received less than a handful, just not a good portion for an appetizer.I had the Dando, The crunchy taco, bean and cheese, and the chicken Asada.The Charro beans were too salty, but the Mexican rice was on FLEEK! Lol
2	I always come here bc the tacos are so good but every time I get the worst service. I keep giving them another chance but they seriously need to get it together with their horrible service. I timed it on my phone and it took 10 min before a server came over and that was after I flagged him down. He rudely told me to hold on. Exactly 20 min after being here we finally got our drinks. Food was fantastic. But once again service was terrible. They should have more servers on if they can't give good service
4	Wow. SO...Finally getting a chance to visit this spot since the change over from Firefly. Ok, here's what was good. The food tasted right, nothing muddied in the flavors and clean executions with seasoning. "Mexican" style food can often get a lil crammed in with too much going on. You can tell that quality marinades, and proper prep work went into the grub here.
5	everything was great. thank you.
5	Because I'm a sucker for fish tacos...Imperial Tacos & Beer is a bar-like setting if that matters. They have patio seating which was a big plus.Ordered just simple stuff:- Baja fish taco, shrimp taco, taco al pastor- Corn salad- Chips and guacamoleI'm a minimalist, because the simplest things reveal the true quality easily. They did it so well, in presentation, flavor and finishing touches.Totally awesome.
4	Was seated immediately on Sunday evening. Our waitress, Kaley, was very pleasant and helpful as we were deciding what to order.  I decided to try the chicken enchiladas mole with charro beans. I really liked the flavor of my meal, but the enchiladas were not hot, they were cooked, just not warm. With that being said, I still ate them.  I also tried a couple of bites of my husband's fish and beef barbacoa tacos. Again, good flavors but the beef was a little chewy. Kaley responded pleasantly when we provided the feedback. We ordered flan for dessert, which was also good, a lot of caramel in a custard with a firm texture.  Overall, I would give them a second chance but would ask them to check the enchiladas if I ordered them again.
5	Tacos & Beer had an awesome Groupon for chips & guacamole, two sides, and six tacos. I went to try it out for the first time with my boyfriend, and it was more than enough food. I enjoyed the guacamole and chips as a starter. The guac had a nice hint of lime, and the server was really great at refilling our chips. I ordered the shrimp, baja fish, and al pastor tacos. The seafood tacos were flavorful, and my boyfriend, who doesn't fancy seafood much, helped me finish my baja taco. I loved that the al pastor had pineapple chunks it. The only little downside was that it was a little saucy for my liking. Overall, the food was amazing, the portions were great, and the service was on point. I definitely will be coming back again, and I'm looking forward to checking out the happy hour specials!
5	The Guacamole is the best I've had - and the tacos are great! They misplaced our ticket - and it took them awhile to get our food. When they did bring it - they told us our meal was taken care of, and not to worry about it. Awesome!
5	Came in with a deal from groupon - chips and guac, 6 tacos, and 2 sides all for $20. It was definitely worth it. The tacos were amazing, especially the al pastor and baja fish. Some of the best guacamole I've ever had. The atmosphere is really neat, a place worth checking out.
5	Great selection of beer and tacos.  I was surprised to get 2 different Hefeweizen beers on tap- plus Weihenstephaner in bottles too.  Al Pastor taco was great.  Salsa must be made daily.  Yesterday it was a bit more smoky.  Love the atmosphere and art- especially above the bar and the eagle-mirror.  Great service too!
5	Fantastic food at a great price. Go tapas style in the tacos and order a bunch. They're all amazing.
5	Awesome atmosphere with incredible staff serving the best street tacos paired with an amazing craft beer selection. Food is to die for.  You all need to find yourself here!!! When you do decide to visit.... The carne asada is a must!
