4	Jackalope Jacks has been contributing to the Elizabeth neighborhood's groove ever since 1994 and its new restaurant concept, The Peculiar Rabbit, will extend that vibe into the Plaza-Midwood neighborhood.  Apparently this bar/restaurant/gastropub has been in the works for years now and renovation and expansion of the old ecclesiastical building feels like it has been going on for a long time, and undeniably it has.  In the 2000s, this used to be the location of the old Steeple Lounge, it may not be immediately apparent to those not from the neighborhood, but this building is not entirely new but rather it is an expansion on an existing building.  Indeed it is unrecognizable. Ambiance:Strangely, the exterior is similar to the new Cook-Out restaurants that clashes with the contemporary "Arts & Crafts" interior.  Despite the clashing aesthetics, the rich woods and dark colors complement one another very well.  This restaurant/bar is three-story's tall with each floor having its own bar.  The main bar is on the first floor and throughout the whole place you can find seating area for eating.  The terrace with spectacular views of downtown Charlotte on the third floor is already very popular and reservations are highly encouraged in order to eat al fresco.Food & Drink:They have over twenty craft beers (including local) and an array of wines by the glass and bottle. For those who prefer non-alcoholic drinks there are non-alcoholic beers, root beers, sweet teas, juices, and soft drinks.From experience, one would expect this to be solely a burger place.  Since they just opened, they are offering a limited version of their full menu.  However, they offer more than just the typical "bar food."  The types of dishes you can find are: *Asian Fusion - such as Bahn Mi, Vietnamese Hoagie*British - such as Fish & Chips & Sheppard's Pie*New American - Burgers galore including vegetarian variations.*Poutine - French-Canadians rejoice, but their version comes with oxtails.~Prices in the menu range from $10-$30.  Reasonable, and runs the gamut for different budgets.If you want to eat a full meal here, you must order before 10:00pm, because after that the Peculiar Rabbit only offers drinks and "BarBites" (appetizers) till closing time.I had the veggie burger and it was very tasty, it was tofu based, with shitake mushrooms, brown rice, rolled oats, and other delectable ingredients.My experience here was nice and from looking at the enthusiastic crowd tonight, one can deduct this establishment will become a very popular locale in the near future.
2	I'm hoping and guessing that some of the kinks we experienced last night will be worked out by the time they "really" open.  First of all, people were very friendly and it has one of the best patios in Charlotte (gorgeous view!).  We had called ahead to reserve a table on the patio to enjoy dinner and drinks.  The good:  3 dining areas (first, second floor, and patio) with different ambiances (more formal, casual, and outdoors).  The food was all very good.  Everyone in my party enjoyed their meal.  I tried the bean salad, veggie burger, and fish and chips...all were delicious and tasted fresh.  The not so good:  As soon as the sun set, the table was too dark to read our menu or see our food.  There was a serious lack of lighting on the patio.  Service took a very long time...the waitress would sometimes just leave in the middle of taking our order to address the needs of another table.  Bread came out with our food, about an hour and half after we sat down.  It just sort of sucked because we were celebrating a birthday and wanted it to be special for her.  Instead we got sloppy service.  Overall, food was really good and I liked the atmosphere on the patio.  But service was so slow and sporadic.  The manager was really great about addressing our concerns, so I have faith that I'll be able to update this with some extra stars soon.
1	I can't in good faith award this place with more than one star at the moment.We called Saturday afternoon and made reservations on the rooftop for a group of 8 celebrating a birthday. No mention was made that it was a soft opening with limited menu, but that was indeed the case.We walked in to see some friendly smiles awaiting us at the hostess stand which is front and center . The bottom floor was suppose to be "fine dining" the middle more casual, and the top the rooftop bar. I noticed a smell of cigarette smoke as I walked to the second floor and was told that smoking is permitted on the rooftop patio. In my opinion there is nothing like cig smoke to ruin a meal, and felt that smoking should be limited till after dining hours. The patio itself was VERY dark (see photo- and that's before sundown). That being said it's a great view of the sky line. Our server did not light the small candles at our table and we went to our neighbors to borrow a lighter. The dim light was not nearly bright enough to see and our table resorted to using their cell phone lights to eat by. My meal had very small bones in it too so I had to be extra careful. If you're drinking at this establishment watch your drink, the dim lights unfortunately leave you susceptible to all kinds of things. Another issue was the chairs were much higher than the table and my 5'7 frame had my legs brushing the table- many of the men in our group couldn't fit their legs underneath.Our server was a newbie. The dinner service took quite a long time, it was about an hour before we were even able to get our order in (and had to request to do so). She opened a bottle of champagne and was about to literally tilt and pop it until I suggested she use her apron and slowly open it like a soda bottle. She explained she never opened a bottle before. I found that odd for a place that is attempting to be a fine-dining establishment . I asked for some orange juice because I didn't care for the champagne I ordered and she just brought the juice and didn't consider I might have preferred something else. She also walked away from the table mid-sentence while taking our order to  pour drinks at the table next to us. Any issue we had was met with the same excuse "it's our soft opening." We were still paying full price so we expected our meals and service to at least be decent.Bread was served quite late, and we were definitely hungry two hours into the meal when our food came out.  The taste was  good but the portions were extremely small, temperatures were off (soup was cool),, and it was overpriced. My friend ordered a $15 sandwich ( about the size of an egg Mcmuffin) and asked if it came with a side. Our server said she didn't know and to order it anyway. When she brought it out she explained it wasn't included. Throughout our meal we literally ate with our cell phone lights and the experience was laughable.  We actually had people in our group order additional food at the next place we stopped because they were still very hungry. I apologize for the long-winded review, but honestly the part which burned me the most was when we explained that it was our friends bday she actually told the birthday girl they didn't do birthdays - the birthday girl! I spoke with management who brought out two desserts after I explained the situation. She was nice and definitely listened to my problems but two small desserts for 8 people was a bit insufficient considering the number of problems we had. I will give it another shot because it is in the neighborhood, but I'm not sure I'd go as far to order food again there. I hope this place can do better ....
4	After hearing through the grapevine and keeping tabs on construction for this establishment, we were surprised and delighted to hear that The Peculiar Rabbit was holding a soft open this past week. Had heard that it was going to be "Jack's Across the Tracks" and a few other rumors that made no sense. After seeing another gastro-pub open in town, the time was ripe to check it out! Here's my take:The exterior and general aesthetic doesn't exactly scream gastro-pub. It has taken an odd shape with some serious standout qualities. My favorite part is the giant logo literally stamped on the side of the building. Definitely makes a statement. The interior is very chic and a little more trendy than I anticipated. Wasn't expecting to see such a heavy bar scene. Long bar on the 1st and 2nd floors that I'm pretty sure mimic one another to a T. When it comes to a night out in Plaza, beer is always on the menu. I was pretty disappointed with the beer selection. The draught brews consisted of some NC beers, but only Copper from Olde Meck. Think it'd be nice to get some of the other local breweries on board as well. The bottle selection is decent. Had a chance to order a New Castle brew I had never had.The menu was a bit limited due to the soft open. We stared with the twice-baked potatoes and pretzels. First, the twice-baked were pretty bland. The creme fraiche was very well executed, but the rest of the dish was forgettable. With only three tiny potatoes, I wouldn't look to order this again. The pretzels....divine. The presentation was great and the portions, hefty two-bite sized pieces, were perfectly crunchy on the exterior and chewy on the inside. The beer cheese, which seems to be rather popular as of late, is splendid. Great texture and subtle flavor. Also came with spicy stone-ground mustard.We decided to split an entree. Went with Banh Mi. My goodness. Talk about divine. The pork was so flavorful and was reminiscent of some other great Banh Mi I've had. The veggies were fresh and complemented well. The bread, sourced local, was a nice touch. Very good stand up for that juicy which. The views are absolutely stunning. It was an absolutely gorgeous night and the skyline couldn't have been set more perfectly. The roof deck is by far one of the most impressive in town. I'm looking forward to dining there next time! One of the most admirable aspects is the farm-to-table practice. Great to see the menu littered with local sources and our server had a great knowledge of where specific items had come from. A rather important trait for a biz to have these days to stay on the radar of Charlotte's culinary-minded. One thing we couldn't really handle was the noise level. We were sitting across from one another and yelling to hear each others' words. Wonder if there would be an option for sound dampening on the 2nd floor? Also, the natural light that comes in with the sunset was blinding. Curtains will definitely be a must in the coming weeks. My biggest critique is the parking situation. Goodness gracious. Everywhere you can park around the building is permanently taken and other parking spaces around that part of plaza are marked with what seems like "PARK HERE AND DIE" types of signs. If they can work something out with local parking spaces after regular biz hours for surrounding businesses or look into comped valet perhaps, it would serve them well. I think TPR has some serious potential with that space. Their menu and beer list will definitely see some tweaking and I look forward to the result. Like many new places, there will be many changes made for flow, better service, and overall experience. I'm definitely a fan and the service and experience given to us will have us coming back in the near future. The views alone from the roof will keep us coming back on cool, clear nights!Glad we had a chance to sample this joint so early! Welcome to the neighborhood!Cheers.
3	They aren't officially open, so I don't know what to say yet.  Will try and keep this short and sweet given all that.  Great location, pretty adventurous menu, and a nice roof deck, so it has promise.  I wasn't going to even write a review about my first experience here, but after reading a few others I figured I might as well.  I can always do another later.I've been looking at this monstrosity slowly come together for some time now.  And I've had high hopes.  Hostesses were quite friendly and came to my aid, being on crutches and all at the moment.  We were sat at a very dimly lit table that had a candle that was burned out.  I tried to light the candle myself but the tea candle just had nothing left to it.  This all made the limited menu quite hard to see.Our waiter was obviously busy and all over the place.(Eric/Erin I think?)  Really nice guy, and has a great ability to describe food but needs a little work on his beer knowledge.  Also, he kind of just walked off one time while we were trying to order, but it was rather loud and he was being distracted by multiple other employees.  We ordered a couple pale ales and they came in quite tall glasses.  We asked if they were imperial pints and he looked at us like we were crazy.After ordering a couple apps.  The stuffed figs and the lamb skewers.  I don't quite recall the description of the figs and they have no legit website up, nor is there a menu on the facebook site.  It was basically cheese, inside of figs wrapped in bacon with a beet puree drizzle.  The dish was good, but the beet sauce added nothing to the dish besides color and it almost tasted like some of the sugars were burnt.  Worth a try for only $6I see on here others complained about their bread taking forever, I never got any.The saving grace for the food part of the adventure was The Kafta skewers over fava bean hummus, was REALLY good.  Basically 2 lamb meatballs on sticks over some hummus for $9, but I was a big fan of the flavors.The general idea is good and like i said the place has promise, but they're going to need to get their act together if they want to keep a place that large packed, especially when there are soooo many bars within 2 or 3 blocks.I'll try it again in a couple weeks.
5	ABSOLUTELY the best fish and chips that I have ever had and I have favorite spots all over the world. Fresh trigger fish from the NC coast lightly fried in a beer batter that was as good as any tempura I have had in Japan.  Real, hand cut fries too.  I can't wait to go back and try some of the other interesting things on the menu.
2	Peculiar indeed.I have watched this place with great anticipation for months, wondering what, when and how ..... last night saw that they might be open, called to confirm and stopped in after dinner elsewhere. My observations echo many of the preliminary impressions. Considering the size of the exterior I had an assumption of what the interior might be... Unfortunately you know that old cliche about assumptions.......We walked up to the door and there were 2 people chatting  sort of said "hi " ....were they customers, employees, door people, friendly loiterers ?? not sure.A few steps in get to the hostess stand, 3 girls behind podium, no recognition as they decipher seating charts like they were cryptic treasure maps. The downstairs was 60ish % full ... but were told there was a long wait on all floors ! hmmmmWe decided to check out the space, from the  outside I expected a spacious inside. I was wrong. Very choppy, small staircases that serve both customers and waitstaff carrying food / drink, and low feeling ceilings.On the second floor there were many (many) open tables, I asked if I could grab one and was told I had to go back downstairs..... hmmm .... we continued the journey up the tight stairs to the "rooftop deck"    Shauna is exactly correct the deck is DARK... it feels like they are going for a "Miami Lounge" feel, if so it doesn't work, it is also much smaller than it appears.  We looked around and noticed no bar, hmmm,  a group after us said out loud "what no bar ?" ...... We head downstairs and I notice a backroom with a sign that says "Snooker" ... think to myself "cool ... Snooker in Charlotte, maybe some redemption for this place" ....  walk in the room and WTF pops in my head, as I flash back to being 12 years old ..... Bumper Pool maybe fun ? but it is Not Snooker !!!!As we walk out there is a guy at the door who smiles and says thanks while drinking red bull..... We head over to W.W. In Summary...the menu looks good, but not sure...very dis-functional designinexperienced and untrained staffI will watch the reviews and give them several months before I go back.....
3	I had told myself I was going to wait, but last week as we were walking towards Soul for a late dinner we changed course and decided to try the Peculiar Rabbit. I'm happy we did, but I'm also looking forward to the changes they make after completing their "soft"opening (which we thought was over then, but most likely is by now).We walked in and asked if we could sit up top, they told us there just happened to be one table left (yay). I'm guessing, as others have mentioned, that they've been cutting back on full seatings while they work out the kinks because there were multiple tables open on the roof. But the view is really nice.Our server was great, but after telling us they were still in opening stages I was surprised he was handing out three menus to both of us. I was completely overwhelmed, and since this was a last minute decision I didn't have the recommended flashlight packed - so we read by cellphone light. The first oversized menu is beer on the front, restaurant menu on the back, the second is solely wine, and then a smaller manageable card was the bar menu. Having a separate drink menu isn't abnormal, but not everyone at the table needs one, especially when you're already trying to work with a larger sized menu in the dark. It would have been hard enough to take it all in with proper lighting, so after I found what sounded good I just had to stop squinting and hope for the best. We started with the PBR mussels, and they are amazing. I wish I would have ordered two bowls of them. A few weren't completely purged (not exactly pleasant, but it happens, I understand) but the flavor was fantastic. And the bread they serve with it is tasty as well.My banh mi, oh my poor banh mi. Apparently a member of the kitchen staff is of Vietnamese descent so for a moment I thought that I was in the wrong with only Americanized versions in my head - but there is no way this sandwich could have been right. Since I don't have night vision, I can really just describe how it felt - like a soft meatloafish portion of (nice flavored) meat on a barely toasted hoagie roll. Mush on mush. There were a few pops with the occasional veggie, but the mayo-like spread on the bread smelled heavily of cloves or anise or something I couldn't exactly put my finger on, but it was potent. Needless to say I left over half the sandwich on my plate. At least it was accompanied by a sprinkling of fries. The ribs were not a hit either, but as my dining partners stated - bad ribs are still ribs - as he cleaned his plate. It was on what tasted like a sweet corn puree, which I liked, but that's as much as I tried.Our server was very friendly and attentive, unfortunately all of the games in the game room on the second floor were broken that night so our plans to take our drinks downstairs for a round of video bowling were put on hold. I'll definitely try the Rabbit again, and I'm hoping they'll 1) add some lighting up top 2) fix the games 3) trim down the menu.As far as the pricing - one appetizer, two entrees, one beer (bottled, on the larger side), and one glass of wine - $50. Not exactly breaking the bank, but next time I'd like to want to finish my food.
2	Like most people in Plaza Midwood, I've been watching construction happen on The Peculiar Rabbit and hoping for the best. So when I learned their grand opening was last night, a few friends and I decided to try it out. We made a reservation so we were seated immediately as we arrived, at a large table on the main level.The beer selection is on point, and our waitress was very knowledgeable about each craft beer on tap - we were thrilled to find that their imperial pints were on special for the grand opening (yyyeeeessssss!). When it comes to the menu, we were all kind of disappointed. The dishes run the gamut - not in a good way - and just seem mismatched. My table ordered the beet salad, oxtail poutine, and fish and chips. Our server just kind of walked away in the middle of our ordering and we had to flag her down to finish...very odd.The wait for our food wasn't very long at all. Unfortunately, we were all kind of bummed with our dishes. The beet salad, while beautifully plated, is just...there. Cut up beets with some goat cheese and bean sprouts. Meh. The fish and chips got an A+. The poutine....woof. The fries were thin and mushy, the gravy had started to gel, and the cheese was sparse. Super disappointing.Maybe in the near future they will tame down their menu and adjust their pricing (as of right now, for what you get, it's definitely not worth it). Proceed with caution.
4	Boyfriend got the draft mocha stout beer, very reasonably priced. For an appetizer we got PBR mussels. We both loved them, but they did have a little kick to them! For a meal I got the pork belly. It had a lot of fat but once I got past that and just ate it it was actually really good. Probably just the cut of meat. The only thing I didn't like was the celery mashed potatoes. My boyfriend got the peculiar rabbit and really liked that as well as his mashed potatoes. He was impressed at how tender the rabbit was. Lastly, we split two desserts: the apple rhubarb crumble with honey wildflower ice cream and strawberry panna cotta. He doesn't like sweets but really loved both of them. I liked them both as well. I think the other reviews have been too hard on TPR especially considering they just opened a week ago. Give a brother a break!
1	Some places get pretentious pretty quickly because they are the new spot in town. We went in on a Fri. and walked over to Soul for drinks as the hostess at PR said she'd call us when our table was ready. Over an hour later and no call. May want to ramp up your customer service PR.The rooftop is cool - but no bar. You have to get waited on. So far, not impressed. Service is just as important as the venue (if not more).
3	We went during the soft opening, and it was packed. Was most definitely confusing for us, and staff alike, as there seemed to be a lack of organization. It's dark in there, and hard to read the menu. Food was pretty decent, however i would like to come back once they figure everything out. We ordered the stuffed figs and lamb kofka skewers over fava bean hummus. The figs were good, but the sauce was too sweet and seemed to dominate the other flavors. Kofka skewers were delicious. The hummus was some of the best I've had in a restaurant. Best part of this place was the roof, the view is killer, and it is nicely decorated. I will definitely return for the regular menu, and once the hype dies down some.
1	OK- so I had low expectations to begin with as I love the Common Market and the Diamond, but I thought what the heck- try lunch. Firstly the menu for lunch is very limited, I also took my kids- no children's menu. I am aware that it's a "sports bar" but when you are in this neighborhood, during lunch you should really consider catering to families. They were completely empty and it still took 45 minutes to get our food. The portions were small (which I like) but the prices are a bit high for  food that is just ok . The server was nice, and attentive but we were the only table seated. I will stick to the places I know in the neighborhood, the tried and true standbys.
3	First visit came late night this past weekend and I had the chance to try the burger.  Absolutely a great burger (bar bite menu) with a fried egg on top that really made a mess unfortunately but the taste was worth the mess.Honestly it was so packed on the first level, we had to be seated on the second level and with that being said it was hard to really get a feel for the interiors of the place so I'd like to go back when it's not so busy.The service was perfect and quick to the table and eager to serve all of us.  The drinks we had were stout and well poured.I didn't get a chance to catch the view from the rooftop so that too is a reason to come back out!
3	So...my husband and I were a little leery of a giant restaurant owned by Jackelope Jack's in the heart of our neighborhood. Maybe rightfully so. This week we've been there twice, on a Monday and a Wednesday. The first night we hung out on the second floor, in the game room and at the bar. We sampled their selection of beers and besides the service, were pretty pleased. The bartenders didn't seem to know anything about wine and little about beers (except for what they didn't have) and were pretty uninterested in us for the most part. The shoddy service might be a theme, as it just got worse on our second visit, not what we expect from a restaurant in PM. This time we felt like the server was rushing to get us out since we only had a beer a piece and split two apps. We were only there for 45 min. He kept trying to take a menu from us that we we kept in case we wanted to order more. He then kept trying to give us the check, they weren't busy, mind you. We ordered the duck mousse which is phenomenal (order extra crackers as they don't give you nearly enough for the generous portion of mousse) and the PEI mussels (not so good. Pretty scronny and about 1/4 were empty shells. The ham and pbr broth is not very flavorful, lacking salt, and isn't hardly enough in my opinion). The frites that come along side though, with the homemade ketchup, are up to par, nice and crispy. Hopefully they are still working some things out because it would be a shame to have such a monstrosity of a business in my hood that I can't enjoy. Hands down, BEST view of the downtown skyline I've found.
1	Fish & chips - a big piece of soggy, mushy, bland fish, with a big pile of lukewarm fries, during lunch when there was only one other table occupied.....I don't think so..
3	The biggest impression The Peculiar Rabbit made was when I was leaving last night. Let me rewind to my dinner last night with a friend to catch up. We had reservations via OpenTable (this venue doesn't give dining points FYI) at 6pm and as the evening was warm preceded to dine on the upstairs patio. At 6pm the downstairs bar was empty and we proceeded straight up the stairs. The local art on the wall is a good choice for such a prominent neighborhood location. Still it was odd to walk through what used to be a goth dance club to see it all fancy and covered in brightly lit wood. The view is indeed, really, really nice. Our waiter's knowledge of the beer list wasn't comprehensive when I asked him about the type & bitterness of some of the selections but he was able to make a suggestion when I told him the style I preferred. Kudos to them for carrying Breckenridge Brewery's Agave Wheat that I discovered on a recent ski trip. My friend and I were tempted by the PBR PEI's but split the baby back rib sliders with granny smith apple slaw. He ordered the Shepard's Pie I went with the signature Peculiar Rabbit.I was surprised at how long our appetizer was taking so I believe the kitchen is still figuring out their timing. Indeed the sliders we wanted to share arrived just after  as our main dishes. The fries that accompanies the appetizer looked great but just weren't as crispy as I was expecting but tasted good. The apple slaw on the sliders is really great pairing. I can't speak for my my friend's Shepard Pie as it was gone by the time I looked up to ask. I was engrossed with the peculiar rabbit. The rabbit itself is executed sublimely, with a mild and not overwhelming flavor in the cabernet sauce that envelopes the rabbit meat without overwhelming or hiding it's game meat earthiness. The mashed potatoes the rabbit rests upon are smooth for a rich experience as a dish.So to recap the food is really good, not outrageous but certainly a price point generally above the rest of the neighborhood but Lulu's, the service/kitchen pacing is mildly underwhelming (and really the only thing holding back a 4th star) but  not impressive and I've already stated the view is great. So let's get to the atmosphere which really was impressed upon me as I left and more people were there. I can completely see the Peculiar Rabbit becoming the new it place for first or second dates. If you want to impress the first date, spend the money, order dinner and eat on the top level patio. For a more relaxed or mingling evening stay on the second floor & sample multiple dishes from the bar snack menu or drift to the back room for skee ball or bumper pool. To pick up a new upwardly mobile professional friend hang out inside at the first level bar and for a first date cozy up at the tables & heat lamps out front to people watch Snug Harbor or Soul's patrons.
3	Great location.  The rooftop has one of best views of the city.  The service was pretty good (although we heard the waitresses fighting over who had to serve us-- which ended up being fine but a little unprofessional).  The food was good.  Had the Bahn Mi-- which was NOT a Bahn Mi and I would not recommend.  The meat tasted like Gyro meat (processed pattie).  Also had the fried green tomatoes.  Also just OK, certainly  not the best.  The Onion soup was good.  The rabbit was great (i would hope) and the pork belly was also very good.  We thought the prices were good for the quality of food and setting was great.  One small drawback.  It's a three story bar with only two single service bathrooms.  Both bathrooms were locked for long periods of time.   Need to build out the facilities a litlte bit.  Overall, I would go back and would recommend to others.
5	This place is the best food in Plaza Midwood. A little pricy but Dee licious!  Sweet spicy regular, vegetarian or meat eaters, they have it all! A must go in the neighborhood! And to top it off literally, they have the best third floor view of Uptown Charlotte in Plaza Midwood! Big fan!
3	Popped in on a gorgeous College Football Saturday ( before the game!) just to see what the Peculiar Rabbit was all about.Was greeted warmly by the hostess who even gave us some good natured SEC ribbing which I always appreciate.We were confused by the absolutely empty 1st floor, but  frankly it was kind of an off time for a Saturday. But we forged up to the 2nd floor and  caught our groove at the bar. There were several  groups dining and few folks at the bar. Just there for a quick bite and drink, we ordered a couple of beers and perused  their light-bite ( lunch?) menu. Chose the soft pretzels - a win - and the asparagus with poached egg - also a win. Bartender was pleasant and professional.They definitely spent some coin on the renovation and it looks great but perhaps a little, generic? Which is not a bad thing, just no funk or flair like some of the other neighboring joints.But, CAN WE STOP WITH THE GASTROPUB MONIKER, PLEASE?Disclosure: After spending 10 years on the West Coast before Charlotte I am BEYOND OVER the use of the the term Gastropub  so maybe I am just being a big crank about that.Moving on...The 3rd floor - outside patio - has fantastic views of the city and I am always a fan of more outdoor seating with a view. The biggest misstep in design for me is the lack of outside bar upstairs. It screams for  bar.Overall, I though the Peculiar Rabbit was perfectly A-OK. Would like to check it out again at a different time, taste some more food and see how the vibe changes.
3	2nd try...the service was much better, perhaps because it was a Sunday.
1	Not a fan of this place after overhearing the owner wants to put eb's and t-street out of business. Do what you do, but don't strive to bring others down. Bad vibes, and i really wanted to like this place. Try heist brewery if you want somewhere new. I will NOT be giving PR or jackalopes any more of my business :(
1	When I heard we were getting a three story bar with overpriced food I have to admit that I was pretty elated.  But I was even more excited to find a section of parking roped off just for the rabbit!  I mean nothing says exclusive like premium parking!  I can't wait for more extra premo establishments to move to Plaza Midwood.  Maybe a Zaxbys or Applebee's.  oh a red robin would be excellent!
1	Really disappointed in the lack of neighborhood mentality. Charging for parking in a lot that's used by all local bars and then offering a $5 drink if you pay means they're just trying to steal all business from the other local restaurants/bars. Oh by the way, you have to spend $50 to get that $5 drink. What?? It's disrespectful and it makes many people not want to go to this establishment. They should know better in a neighborhood like Plaza Midwood.
1	Overpriced, mediocre food. Bland atmosphere. Completely out of place and awkward feeling. Peculiar Rabbit is what happens when you have no vision of what you want to do, but decide to try and capitalize on the success of other businesses in an area. None-the-less, considering who owns it, I'm sure they will spend all the money they can to try and turn it into the go to spot... Even if people only begrudgingly go there.Case in point: After a dismal turnout for their first 2 months, they decided to start paying $2500 a month to buy up 210 parking spots (far more than necessary for a business of this size) that were previously used for free community parking for all businesses in the area. Now, these spots have been turned into $5 premium parking spots. As a reward to anyone who pays $5, you get a $5 credit at Peculiar Rabbit! Nice, right? No, because you can't just swing by for a drink and get back your money... They expect you to build up a $50 tab at their overpriced restaurant first, before getting that $5 credit. Needless to say, the $50 catch isn't posted on the signs when you pull into the paid parking area. This is the bait and switch mentality of a failed business idea being forced upon a thriving neighborhood.None-the-less, find some free parking and check out some of the great bars and restaurants in the area who don't need to turn their customers upside down and shake them to get a couple bucks. For breakfast / brunch, I suggest checking out Zada Janes, Bistro La Bon, or Soul. For lunch / dinner, I suggest Midwood Smokehouse, Soul, Dish, Diamond, Fuel Pizza. For drinks, check out Elizabeth Billiards, Twenty Two, Common Market, Thirsty Beaver, Snug Harbor.Don't waste your time here.
1	Absolutely terrible service, food, and overall atmosphere. Couldn't ask for a worse location and experience. If I wanted a three-story failure I would've run into a burning building. Paying for roped off parking is also the most amazing idea.
1	Do you like paying exuberant amounts of money for mediocre bar food and domestic drafts? Then this is the place for you!  When I first walked into The Peculiar Rabbit I noticed the lack of, well, everything. The bland decor, the lack of customers, and a complete disregard for the plaza-midwood neighborhood mentality, made me feel a bit peculiar. See what I did there!?It is very apparent that this restaurant is trying to play off the success of more "upscale" businesses in the area. With a restaurant like Soul around the corner who offers a much better atmosphere, food, and price point, it is hard for me to understand why anyone would waste their time and money on this establishment. It is amazing how uninspired this business is and how their idea of making a restaurant a success is to alienate the community and throw money around. Just because you built a giant crap hole with a nice roof deck, doesn't mean you can ask people to pay ungodly amounts of cash for a bud light and a burger.Their real mistake is when they started to infringe on the accessibility of local businesses by leasing a vast majority of the parking spots in a lot that serves many establishments. Which is kind of a peculiar (LOLZ GET IT) site because there are a total of maybe 5 cars at any given time using the $5 to park makeshift lot. Good thing you guys paid all that money to rope of the parking lot because it is really being utilized.The only redeeming factor of this place is the staff. Which were friendly and helpful.Do yourself a favor and stay away from this worthless business.
2	This place was just plain strange. Started by walking into a completely dead first floor with about 4 hostesses just staring at me. I walked upstairs to meet a friend at the bar and I swear it felt like it had the feel of an empty Applebee's. The music was also just pure insanity. If someone told me to come up with a mix of the crappiest songs from the fifties and the late eighties; I wouldn't have come close to the poor selection they offered. After about twenty minutes of joking about it; they changed it to something bearable. Even though the beer selection was worse than the Citgo down the street; the service was actually decent. Gotta hand it to them- they were making the best out of a pretty bad situation. Not sure how this one gets turned around but someone let me know if that miracle happens and I'll give it another shot.
4	Went for lunch. I think they have gotten the Yelp message about mediocre service. All through the meal drink glasses were attended to and I think every employee in the place came by to see if all was to our liking. I would go back, the food was about the same level as the Terrace Cafe.Food is good, their house burger was a bit messy to eat but quite good; fries were good. For those who had a bad experience you might want to give it another try.
3	I (as promised) have given The Peculiar Rabbit another shot and this time was a definite step above the last.We came in for a late brunch on Sunday and took advantage of their AWESOME mimosa special $4 all you can drink (yea, you read that right). While I won't say it was the best mimosa I have ever had as the bubbly was a bit too sweet, I can't argue with that price. My friend and I split two dishes, a potato tart and the veggie burger. The tart was the better option and was served with perfectly seasoned asparagus, it was tasty. The veggie burger wasn't good. It tasted grossly sweet and had and oat-like texture I didn't get any  chick pea flavor/texture as in the description. The saving grace was It was paired with really delicious fries and the brioche bread was tasty. The prices seemed much more reasonable this time around and my meal with mimosa came to $15. Our service was leaps and bounds above the last and we also had a server-in-training who did a nice job (he had a good teacher). I still think they have room for growth but I was much happier this time around...
4	What a great addition to the Plaza-Midwood restaurant scene!I've been twice now and am pretty excited about this new place.  My family and I went on a Saturday for brunch.  We are two adults with an 8 year old and 3 year old twins.  We really, really liked the brunch menu.  My husband had two different fancy beers, which he liked.  I didn't have anything to drink, but saw some other folks having yummy looking Bloody Mary's and Mimosas.But it was the food that was delicious!  Husband had a burger and I their version of a BLT.  The kids had burgers and grilled cheeses.  We were all very happy with our meals and I thought mine was really yummy!Today, I went back for lunch with a girlfriend.  I had the Vidalia Onion Bisque and my friend had a chicken wrap thingy.  She LOVED her lunch and snarfed it down.  My soup was fine, but I'm honestly less of a cream based soup fan than a broth based soup fan.  So I would have liked a broth based soup option.  It was still fine.  We are planning on going back again.  When we were there for lunch, the let us wander around the place looking at the views.  The upstairs view of downtown is worth coming and having a drink or three with some friends!  Kind of fancy for Plaza-Midwood!
4	Wow, came here to give this place a positive review, I'm really surprised / confused by all the hate this place is getting. We went for lunch and sat on the roof, which has a great view of Charlotte. Our server was quick, polite, and professional. The food was good but slightly overpriced. The only thing I wish (besides lowering the prices slightly) is that they had a larger draft beer selection. Other than that, I enjoyed it and will be back.
4	For those that haven't tried this place yet, you are missing out!!!!  Phenomenal beer selection (over 40 bottles, over 25 on draft) and countless wine selection. A visit is a MUST
2	As I posted in my tip, I won't be back. I don't eat meat and wasn't in the mood for a veggie burger or to pay $21 for scallops so I tried a salad and app instead. The southern bean salad was dry and the beans were mush. The pimento cheese app was too salty to eat. The atmosphere and staff were great, but that's not enough to bring me back, unfortunately.
5	I have no idea what's driving some of the overly negative reviews here.  But in short, we had a wonderful experience from start to finish.In long...First, the whole parking thing.  Yes, there's a convenient lot right across the street that charges $5.  This is a complete non-issue if you are planning on having dinner, because you are going to drop $50 if you get drinks, starters, and a couple entrees and the restaurant will credit you back the $5.  That being said, the restaurant didn't set up shop in a strip mall with 9,000 open spaces, so deal with it, really not worth griping about.Second, the facility.  As Charlotteans, we should be thrilled that someone was willing to invest so much money in the local food scene.  It's obvious someone spent a whole bunch of cash on this place and it really shows.  I didn't go upstairs, but the bar area is really nice.  Beautiful wood finish, warm, cozy, inviting.  Third, the service.  Nice greeting, quickly shown to our seats, and drink order taken almost immediately.  It was clear there is still a bit of a learning curve for the waitress in being able to talk about the menu, but for a place that's relatively new, I don't really mind if she has to check her notes a few times.  She made some good recommendations nonetheless.Fourth, the food.  We started with the English Cheddar Rarebit and Lebanese Lollipop.  Rarebit was buttermilk biscuits with a nice beer cheese and tomato confit.  Biscuits tender and flaky, great strong cheese.  The Lamb skewer "lollipop" might have been my best bite of the night.  Tons of flavor in that bite alone and that's not including the Hummus and salsa fresca it came with.  Starters, big hit.One minor nit was that our bread came out after our starters.  It was very good, crusty homemade bread, but the butter it came with was heavily salted.  Not sure if by design or not.  A bit too salty for my taste and I tend to like salty.For mains, I got the Oxtail Poutine and my wife got the Mussels.  The Oxtail Poutine was off the charts savory goodness.  I mean, house cut french fries with oxtail gravy and cheese.  Very heavy dish but crazy delicious.  The Mussels were very good as well.  Make sure to save bread or ask for more to use in the Mussel broth.  Lastly, dessert.  We got the Car Bomb.  Chocolate pate, mouse, shortbread.  It was really good, but my wife is more the chocolate person.  I would have gone for the fresh doughnuts or fried ice cream.All of this ended up being way too much food.  We were able to share and we could easily have dropped one of the mains.  All in, before tip, we spent $66 including alcohol.  Dropping a main would have put us around $50-60 and I don't consider that a bad investment for dinner date with food this good.  Way better than spending upwards of $100+ for a fancy steakhouse.So, bottom line, ignore the star rating and give this place a shot.  If you are a fan of the gastropub genre, this place is well-deserving of your $$$.  I'd love to go again.
3	After visiting The Peculiar Rabbit 3 times over the course of 3 months, I can only give this place 3 stars. The first time we visited, it had only been open for a few weeks, and since we live in the neighborhood, we wanted to wait a bit for the hype to die down as well as the kinks worked out.We sat at the bar on the first floor (the second floor was being rented out, as was the patio downstairs) for dinner our first visit. It was a week night and fairly quiet. The bartender was great, and served us quickly. The beer list was pretty good, and I always love seeing NC beers on draft! We ordered the Pretzels with Rarebit dip & whole grain mustard while we perused the menu. The pretzels were super buttery (almost too rich), and the rarebit dip was a little mild. The mustard was great, but since it was whole grain, it was hard to get it on the pretzel (picky, I know). However, it was a good start! We then ordered the Lebanese Lollipop and the Banh Mi with fries to split. The Lollipop was excellent. The hummus and the flatbread were really yummy, and the salsa fresca served with it was refreshing. The lamb was really flavorful, and I would definitely recommend it! The Banh Mi threw me off. First, the pork was in patty form (ground with spices) and in a flat oval shape. The menu said  "ground pork meatball" but we didn't expect it to be flat! The texture was really weird. Also, there were fresh jalapenos, which made it too spicy! The house made roll was really good, and the other accoutrement (pickled daikon & carrot) were good. The fries are really really good here, but the sandwich is something I wouldn't order again.The second time we came here, it was just for drinks on a Friday night. We were happy that the bar wasn't being rented out upstairs, as it would have been packed! There were 8 of us and we floated around the second floor, listening to music and playing some of the fun games. We also went upstairs to the outside bar (which has some lighting and heat blowers). There were 3 groups that had taken up the 3 working heaters so we couldn't be up there too long. The service was good, and if we had stayed longer, I know it would have been a wild night!The third time we visited was on Friday. We didn't have a reservation (oops), and we showed up with 8 people at 7:15. The 2nd floor was being rented out (again, a common theme it seems) so space was very limited. This was originally intended to be a casual, sit-at-the-bar kind of gathering but the bar downstairs was packed and the hostesses said there were 3 big parties expected at 7:30 and it was worth waiting for if they didn't show. So we waited around the bar area (getting jostled every 2 minutes, it was definitely too crowded) and miraculously they made a table of 6 work for our group of 8. The hostesses were rock stars! I ordered the Burger (fried egg, bacon, Mornay sauce) with those irresistible fries. It came out perfectly medium rare which is nice to get in Charlotte. I was not thrilled with my burger, which should have been a knock out dish. The Mornay sauce was an unnecessary addition as it was very bland. The sauce just really drowned out/dulled all the other flavors! My fiance ordered the Fish & Chips, which were excellent. Other people ordered the Tofu Burger (the only vegetarian in the crowd and it was NOT good), the Ribs (came highly recommended), and the Banh Mi with a side of sweet potato & bean soup, which was apparently delicious.  Service was OK, but I know they were busy so I'm not going to knock them for that.All in all, I haven't been wowed by everything on the menu...it seems really hit-or-miss. I definitely want to get the Oxtail Poutine and the Mussels next time, though! I will definitely come back in another month or two and keep working my way through the menu because I really DO want to love this place. I think the concept is great and the service is pretty good. I hope they keep working the kinks out!
5	We just visited for our second time, and the experience, food and service were spectacular.  We sat upstairs this time as opposed to in the bar the first time.  The scene was a little dark and cozy but energetic, and our server was spot-on.  We got the fried green tomato appetizer; the tomatoes were great, and the relish and remoulade were flavorful without being too spicy.  I got the chicken for dinner and my fella got The Peculiar Rabbit; we agreed that mine was better, but his was still pretty good.  This is a welcome addition to the neighborhood - creative food, craft beer, good service and warm atmosphere... throw in a great view, and it's quickly becoming my new, favorite place!
4	You will be WELL served in the liquor department at The Rabbit! Nice rooftop seating overlooking Central Ave. and uptown Charlotte. Great place to hang out with friends!!
5	I post reviews under two circumstances; a place is REALLY good, or a place is REALLY bad...and the former certainly applies to The Peculiar Rabbit.  First, I am not all that familiar with Plaza Midwood or the surrounding neighboorhood, but the location felt hip and trendy without being too young or too old.  The atmosphere downstairs was great; I did not see the bar or view upstairs.  I ordered the Bibb Salad, which was excellent.  Portion size was great, ingredients were fresh and expertly prepared (especially the walnuts).  For dinner, I had the Wild Mushroom Risotto; I'm not vegeterian, and rarely order pasta at restaurants, but the description sounded great, so I went for it.  WOW.  WOW WOW WOW.  Seriously, maybe the best risotto I've ever had.  Risotto is really easy to screw up, and those I've had at restaurants in CLT are average, but this literally blew me away.  I don't know how you make mushrooms and rice taste like that, but it was just so damn good.  WOW.  For dessert, I shared the fried ice cream...which is bacon ice cream.  Yup, bacon, in the ice cream.  Ice cream...with bacon.  I don't think I need to say more than that.  It was awesome.  Wine list was nice too; fair prices for healthy pours.  The Argentinian Malbec was very good.Having read other reviews of this place, I'm perplexed. I think the folks who gave it 1-3 starts are delusional.  Granted, I had one meal there, but I'm super critical of restaurants, and I couldn't find a flaw.  I can't wait to go back.
4	Pretty spiffy spot.Saw a neat building on New Years Eve, and my group and I decided we should pop in and check out the venue.  It was a nice find with 2 levels, and the 3rd, being on the rooftop.  The people who worked here were kind enough to provide the event with New Years gear, champagne, and fun sparklers! Overall, the setup for Peculiar Rabbit is great because I tend to get bored being in one area, and I am able to move around on different levels, or play pool in another room, or just grab some fresh air on the rooftop.  The place is also new looking, and is not shabby at all!
3	We went to Peculiar with friends for brunch like so many of you we previewed it late last year, and it  was on our bucket list of places to check out this year. We were served on the 1st floor dining area the decor is eclectic the food was good,(especially the shrimp and grits) first time I had it. We need to check it out for dinner overall it was a pleasant experience.
4	ok.   The good:  Duck Liver Mousse is fantastic and paired really well with pear marmalade, the vidalia bisque with truffle oil and bacon was good but I probably should have gotten the butternut squash bisque.   God I love that stuff.   For right now that is all I have tried,  I just went in for a quick bite and to talk with management about the following weekends plans.   As far as service and the help,  Kristy (Christy) the bartender, was pretty much the only one I had contact with minus the floor manager,   Kristy was awesome,  very knowledgeable with the menu and knew how to make someone feel comfortable.   She explained every dish I asked about and was actually able describe the taste.  Koodus to her.The bad:Plaza Midwood has gone to sh!t.  Parking is awful, everything is trendy,  buildings are becoming gaudy looking, and the people wear KHAKIS WITH OXFORDS!  The Peculiar Rabbit is the epitome of the present Plaza/Midwood.    I suppose it is something I am just going to have to get use to.   I will re-review next time I go in for a sit down dinner and try a few more items.***Review Update***In all fairness the above review was done after a night of heavy drinking and I wasn't in the best of moods.   i have been back to The Peculiar Rabbit 3 times since that review.  On my first return trip, I ate upstairs at the bar with a bud of mine and Frances the bartender was on point and very cordial. No complaints in the service Dept.   Food.   Disco Fries are exactly what I thought, pulled roast beef and gravy, but with a hint of lemon juice.  Atleast, I think it was lemon juice.  Good twist none the less.    But here we go.  I have found a new favorite sandwich.    DUCK CONFIT REUBEN!  BOOM!     I love reubens.  But they must be made perfectly.   This thing was insane!    If you like reubens and you like duck.   Hell if you dont like duck you still should try it.   Winterberry sauerkraut and gruyere cheese, rye and duck.  Who would have thought????  Geoff Bragg did.    Now the not soo nice.   Bahn Mi.   A ground pork patty vietnamese style.     The "Wheres tha Beef?" Lady was the first thing to come to mind.    Lots of bread, not a lot of interior.    Honestly,  I suggest passing on this one.    Its a pork patty seasoned with soy and terryaki with carrots, daikon, cilantro and jalenpeno.   Sounds really good, but there really just isn't enough there for the bun size.My 3rd visit was just for a beer.Fourth visit here,   4pm in the afternoon Fri. Best time to talk up the staff and just chill.   New Belgium Winter Snow and the SWEET TEA BRINED WINGS.     Watch out for the mustard!    Wholly cow, it will blow you mind if you have too much on there.   Highly recommend this app.   For the price you do actually get a good portion. Four actual chicken legs.   Not small drummets as in wings.    Actual Chicken legs and these things are good!   Word at the bar,  SuperBowl Sunday 2013 they are 50 cents a piece.  I am becoming boggle minded as I look for my next course.   Its a toss up between the lamb lollipops and the steak skewers.   I love lamb and have been wanting to try the lamb sandwich or the lollipops,  Louie the Barkeep has confirmed the Lamb Lollipops is the way to go for my second course.    (Did I mention I was actually at the bar doing this review?  Yea, I kept forgetting to update it since my first visit, so I decided to finally knock out this review.)  Btw,   I have to admit.  The barstaff here is the one of the best in all of Charlotte.   Not only do they know the menu but they have tried it and actually can tell you the tastes and textures.    Koodus to them.  Kristy(Christy), Francis, and Louie.Lamb has arrived.   brb.Lollipops.  Served with Hummus that has a good spice kick to it, a salsa of sorts that adds good dimension to the lamb and grilled flat bread.   The lollipops themselves are kind of like a meat ball but none the less great.   YES Recommend this one.   Two pops, a healthy serving of hummus and flatbread.     Ask for tzatziki if you are expecting it.   I am sure it will round out the flavors quite well.   So there you have it.   I personally think the food is great and will come back to finish out the menu.  Prices are fair, so quit your whining.   The staff is very cool and well versed in the menu.  Atleast, my three were.   Kristy (Christy), Francis, and Louie.  As to the clientele,  yeah, its khakis and button downs.  The old Midwood is changing, we are just going to have to accept that.   Peculiar Rabbit, got a lot of flack in the beginning but honestly,  I like it.  Good Decision on this one.
3	This place is a 3 to 4 stars toss up.First of all I live in the neighborhood, and yet I don't understand the up-in-arms vibes I am feeling with some of these reviews. So here is my honest and fair version after several visits, including the soft opening. The design of the space is a little odd.  The first impression is that the space is a little tight.  Reason being there are so many oddly divided areas, like the hidden game area behind the stairs where staffs go in and out of kitchen and a separate dining area on the first floor.  The place is an otherwise well decorated, simple, pub-y kinda joint. The service has always been good, though sometimes I think the wait staffs just aren't that knowledgable about the menu. Bartenders were great and are always on their A game. Beer selection is decent. Lots of local and domestic microbrews. The other night they had $4 pint on any winter seasonal. I think they have drink specials every time I have been here, so complaining about drink prices isn't warranted. I haven't been back to the rooftop since the soft opening, which was too dark to eat (or see the other persons face for that matter). I don't know if they have fixed it by now.  Frankly I can't truly enjoy any outdoor patio space in Charlotte ever since it becomes smokers' paradise. I may pop back up there when the weather gets nicer. Food... It is their weakness.  There are always hits and misses.  I have had the mussels and the onion soup on my first visit.  Mussels were a little overcooked in my opinion. The onion soup has always tasted good but it's a very different consistency (it's a cross between creamy and fluffy... Yes, it has a fluff to it). And it's never hot enough for me as a soup. I have had the banh mi in the late night bite menu, which wasn't a bad deal since it comes with a side.  The meat was a bit overly salty that time, but I may give it another try.  The most recent visit I had the Swedish meatballs. It's a typical tapa size, 3 meatballs with mashed rutabaga.  I found the rutabaga to be fabulous but the meatballs were a little tough in textures.  I think if they can step up the game with the food, it will definitely be a 4 stars place. I do agree that paid parking isn't cool, but I think that even for uptown. They blocking off an area for themselves is no worse than my city which I pay taxes for telling me I cant park on the street and I must pay to park in private parking lot or garage. At least here we still have plenty of free spaces, just have to walk a little further. I don't know what beef people have with this management, but I truly believe those personal feelings should not be used as "reviews.". This place is no more "out of character" than Whiskey Warehouse around the corner. At least I always have good services at the Rabbit, can't say that for WW.
4	I must admit I had some reservations about this place based on other Yelper's reviews which seemed to vary quite a bit.   I was part of a large group celebrating a birthday and I enjoy hitting the Plaza Midwood neighborhood now that I live in the 'burbs.Found the interior inviting and loved the track doors and woodwork.  I am not a fan of sitting on barstools so I chose the booth side of our platform raised table near the bar.  Our server was excellent, and realized we had some old menus.  I have to admit the overhauled new menu was much more to my liking.  We shared pimento cheese, pretzels, and deep fried veggies for our apps. I found the pimento cheese a bit dry, but well seasoned. I skipped the other apps, but the rest of the group enjoyed them. The large bite size pretzels and beer cheese were the crowd favorite.For my entree, I chose the chili. I would call it greek style, sweet and slightly spicy. I really appreciated the portion size too.This place is huge with three floors, VIP room and a roof top bar that has excellent skylne views. The main floor bar had a nice buisness for a Monday night and should be drawing a neighborhood crowd.Our server was excellent and had no qualms about seperate checks and splitting the birthday girl's tab among all of us.    I cannot complain about parking since it was a weeknight, but I know that I sympathize with other Yelper's complaints about the $5.00 charge.  We actually parked across the street.
5	I was in the Plaza Midwood area looking at houses with a friend when we drove by The Peculiar Rabbit. I remembered reading a feature on the restaurant in Charlotte Magazine and have been wanting to try it since reading the article. So, I dragged my friend to lunch so we could try this new addition to the neighborhood.We went on a Saturday and found out they do brunch on both Saturday and Sunday. I never argue with brunch. I decided to try the apple jacks and my friend ordered the FGT BLT. I also ordered a side of the Benton bacon per the waitress' recommendation to have with the apple jacks. It took all I had not to eat everything on my plate! The portions are large and the flavors are amazing. I would have been fine if they had given me double the amount of goat cheese and lingonberry preserves on my apple jacks, but then I guess there wouldn't be as much for everyone else. The hash browns are incredibly crispy and very difficult to stop eating. By far some of the best I have ever had. I was also able to try the FGT BLT (FGT = fried green tomato) and what a great take on a BLT. The bread was perfect for the sandwich and perfectly grilled. As soon as we finished all I could say was "when are we coming back?"
4	Despite the uproar that this place has caused, leading many Plaza Midwoodites to call it the Puke-ular Rabbit, I enjoyed my dinner here.  The interior is strange but as Ron Burrrrr-gundy would say "that's a given" since the shape of the building is right out of an Escher creation.  Service was all over the place.  We had a lot of different people come by our table and some of them were attentive and others seemed to be checked out.  But the mussels and the large pours of Belgian beer were very tasty.  My wife got some sort of seafood conglomeration and enjoyed it.By the way, IN RE the parking situation, I live just down the street and y'all can come park in my driveway for free if you do something nice or funny for me.  Y'know, leave a little package of Swedish Fish in my mailbox.  Or maybe you can dress up like Dick Van Dyke in Mary Poppins and sweep my sidewalk and sing Chim Chimaree. Anyway, if you can figure out the parking thingamajig, I think it's worth a visit to Peculiar Rabbit to give it a shot.  And stop by all the other cool places nearby afterwards - Snug Harbor, 22 Gallery, Petra's.
3	Nice look bathrooms where outside main doors which kind of sucked? The menu was great but small. They could use more stuff but I had an app for my main the mussels are excellent and my gf had the duck mouse  thing which was excellent. Overall very nice and if you got the bucks I would go.
1	First timer and had high hopes because I know the owner also owns Jackalope Jack's, which happens to be one of my favorite bars to go to in Elizabeth.  Myself, my boyfriend, and our friend walked in about 10:00 PM at night on Saturday and were greeted by the hostess, who asked if we were dining in.  We said no, we were meeting some other friends who had texted us that they were upstairs.  We asked if there was another bar on the upper level and she said yes, then looked up at the telvision above her head with camera views of the different areas of the restuarant/bar and said "It's very crowded up there."  Well, it's Saturday night and we want to be apart of the crowd!  Strange that they have the camera views visible.  We got a drink at the 1st floor bar and the vodka/cranberry that I ordered seemed heavy on ice and not on liquid.  We ended up meeting my three friends on the 2nd level, where yes, it was crowded, but fun crowded, not shoulder-to-shoulder crowded.  They were at a table in the corner, drinking.  We were planning to order a few more rounds before heading to Thomas Street Tavern and were enjoying a nice few minutes of conversation when the server comes to our table and asks if we're ordering food or just drinks.  We tell her we're ordering drinks.  Two minutes later the hostess from downstairs walks up to our table and tells us that she's sorry, but since we're not ordering food, we have to leave the table.  It was as polite as possible, but still, I looked around and saw no one else at the tables surrounding us having food on them.  We were still going to be ordering items, just alcoholic ones.  We debated ordering an appetizer, but were put off by the whole scenerio.  What made it even worse was that when we walked downstairs, there were plenty of tables available for people who want a meal at 10:30 PM on a Saturday night.  Really, Rabbit....very Peculiar indeed.  Needless to say, will NOT be going back anytime soon.
3	I was really pumped about trying this place... it had all the elements I was hoping for in a new CLT restaurant, but unfortunately it didn't live up.  I will re-rate after one more try if my experience changes, but sorry to say this was just average.First, the positives - cool atmosphere, good energy, liked the music, beer list was good, wine list was just OK (some improvements could be made here).Now, the negatives - out of 2 apps and 2 entrees, only one was above average (pork belly entree), 2 were average at best and 1 (the bahn mi) was inedible... it was so bad we had to push it aside otherwise we were getting a bit sick from it - not exaggerating.  We ultimately had them take it away.  It was like a rubber sock covered in fish sauce and slapped on a hoagie.  So that's it... just average for food.  Maybe a cool spot to just go drink beers and I might try the food again.  If so, I'll update the review.  For now, don't get your hopes up that this will change the CLT dining scene.
4	I love the Peculiar Rabbit! The food is delicious, the staff is friendly, the view is great, and the atmosphere is perfect.  I really wish I could give it a 5, but unfortunately I have never been served a dish at the appropriate temperature.  It's always been lukewarm in the dozen+ times I've been there.  I've decided in the future I will be requesting my food HOT and hope to receive it as such.  The Saturday special was amazing! It was a crispy duck with mushrooms and bok choy that was amazing in flavor, but lacking in temperature,   I can only imagine the potential of the deliciously balanced flavors and textures to be stellar if served when hot.  Everything is great!  I especially recommend the rancheros for brunch as well as the bahn mi, lamb burger, and the mussels.  The only thing I've had that I wouldn't recommend would be the fried green tomatoes.  They were very underwhelming.  Overall, a great restauarant! Just remember to order your food hot!
5	We were waiting for our table at Zada Janes and stumbled into this place for a drink while we waited.  Chris, the bartender was knowledgeable about the extensive wine list and very friendly as he explained each.  We ordered the butternut soup which was amazing and paired perfectly with a small piece of pumpkin bread.  The GM Jason was also polite and enthusiastic.  We are looking forward to heading back and having an entire meal here.
2	I really liked the environment/atmosphere at Peculiar Rabbit, but the food was average and the menu was limited.  I feel like this place does not really have an identity yet.Basically, I don't feel an urge to come back here for anything more than some beers.
4	I am continued to be amazed reading the whiney reviews from folks who complain about the $5.00 parking option.  The KEY word is OPTION. No one makes you park in those spaces. You can park on the street on in the lot beside John's Country Kitchen IF there is space.  The Dish has only the parking that is on the street in front and that same public parking lot.  The Common Market has only a very few spots in front.  The Peculiar Rabbit is the only restaurant in the neighborhood willing to pay a considerable amount each month to the owner of the huge property across the street to give its customers a very viable OPTION  IF they so desire convenience vs. driving around the blocks hoping to find a space.
4	I'm a fan of the Peculiar Rabbit.  Yes, I get they roped off some parking, but it's not hard to find a free spot (especially after all the additions on Commonwealth).  It's just ridiculous to rate this place 1 star because of that.  Broke ass hipsters need something to complain about.  Weird thing is, most of them don't even drive. Ironic, huh?They always have drink specials, even on weekends.  I hate when I go somewhere on the weekend and they don't have ONE special.  You'll always find one here.  Last time I was there was the epic 'ice storm' of 2013 (lol).  They had $3 imperial winter draft pints.  That's a 20 oz beer by the way.The food has always been consistently good.  They source local ingredients, which is the norm now if you want to be a hip place.  My favorite dish from what I've had was the fish n' chips.  Waitress persuaded me to get it because the Triggerfish was fresh off the boat that day.  Needless to say it didn't disappoint.
2	Not quite the atmosphere that is advertised. Expected more of a bar scene, but was seated at a table surrounded very closely by families with children (tables very close together upstairs). Wanted the mimosa special and was told ordering food was required. I ordered an appetizer, which was $5 for a scoop of pimiento cheese and couldn't even eat it due to how salty it was. Too much salt in the cheese and the crackers. The deviled eggs were not great either. Food definitely over priced and not something I would necessarily recommend. Drink specials aren't too good either.
5	I LOVE this place!  Don't know why I haven't written a review until now, but I'm a huge fan.I've been for happy hour on the rooftop with the most amazing view of Charlotte, great beer and good friends.  We were there from 6 until midnight and our server didn't seem the least bit annoyed that she didn't get to turn the table.  I also went for my work Christmas Party, we were with a group of beer drinking guys, a couple of chefs and some girly girls and everyone was happy.  The manager hooked us up with a couple of round of shots and we all got to tick around and play all the games too.Basically- what I'm trying to say is that customer service has always been on point, drinks have always been cold and food is cooked to perfection.
3	My favorite appetizer is DEVILS ON HORSEBACK.  Great stuff!  For dinner, I had the special - surf & turf.  The crabcake was good - mostly crabmeat.  But the 4oz turf came out rare instead of medium.  When I sent it back, the manager personally delivered it to me.  It was still rare.  I wasn't sending it back after that.  The staff is very friendly!
3	Second visit.  Service so-so.  Food disappointing.Both visits, one waitress took our drink and appetizer order after a bit of a wait, then another waitress actually waited on us.  Turnover was less than perfect; we had to ask for water a second time.  Then, we had to prompt our waitress a second time to get another round of drinks. IMHO, they were understaffed.The pork belly was charred.  Barely edible.  But we'd already waited so long...Mashed potatoes were tepid, not much more than body temperature.The cioppino was flavorful, but overcooked.  The shrimp were rubbery.  The fish, mush.The second floor was so loud, we could barely hear each other or the waitress.The beer and wine selection were a plus, but getting a last minute reservation through OpenTable was the highlight of our visit.
4	Peculiar Rabbit...Not Peculiar at all...More like Incredible Rabbit!  My first experience with this establishment and wow I was blown over. Walked in and it is a very interesting looking building, there is a roof top seating area also but it was 36 degrees here last night and not the time to sit outside. Our waiter approached us right away and informed us that wine by the bottle under 60.00 was half price and to our surprise they had Klinker Brick Petite Syrah! 13 bucks, half price that is a great deal! We looked over the menu and decided that we would have all appetizers. They all sounded so good we had a hard time deciding.  Our first order was for Devils on Horseback, normally it s Bacon wrapped dates but this was  Figs wrapped with Bacon and stuffed with Goat Cheese..(Is your mouth watering yet) served with a side of Arugula salad with tiny beets chopped up on it ...Wonderful! Our Next appetizer was the Duck Duck Mousse. A gorgeous plate with a Duck Mousse served in a little cup with sliced apple and two kinds of pickles, a Duck Confit salad with a pear Marmalade and sexy little pieces of Brioche buttered and sliced for you to spread the lusciousness on...It was really really good! (I think my favorite of all) Our third app was the Asparagus and Egg, It was really good smoked Asparagus with a poached egg over Pepperonota sweet peppers. And our last tidbit was the Lamb Lollipops, two very meaty ground lamb lollipops over a bed of hummus. The Lamb was incredible, grilled and  succulent. It was served with plain flatbread. The hummus was not so great but the lamb made up for it. Like I said..Peculiar , no, Incredible yes..I will be going back soon!
3	My original spot that my brother took my family was Soul. But since they didnt have indoor seating, because it was full, and there was a 30 minute wait time on a Sunday (they had outdoor seating, but it was too cold)... We came here. I'm glad that I had the chance to check out this place.Located on the corner of two streets, it gives a feeling of it being up to dated and almost, dare I say "city like" feel? Hm, I guess that's what I was thinking when I walked in.Inside, you'll find a nice open area and two floors. They have a full bar, my favorite place because you can see what they have on tap, and plenty of seating. Our waiter was Matt, and was a good one too (even though he sometimes forgot what we asked...I'll give him a break though.)So lets get to the goodies. For appetizers we got devils on horseback. Not bad. The only problem I feel like this dish had was that it was loaded with cream cheese. I'm not in particular about it or fanatic, but it wasn't too bad.Second appetizer was the fried pickles. I would also like to mention that they have fried okra mixed in there. These weren't bad, but nothing really amazing to compliment either.  Just fried pickles, okra, and some ranch dip.The third appetizer was the Korean BBQ skewers. Now these, they're just lacking some flavor. I can see the potential of this, but also the portion I felt was a little too small and lacked the BBQ taste. I wish they would have just a little more taste and that would have made the difference for me. The entree:I got the pasta and provisions pappardelle. You know that excitement feeling from reading the dish and then after tasting it, you have that "that hit the spot" feeling? Well, sadly I didn't get it this time. Yes, I finished my dish, but the aftermath of the dish was just okay. I don't know what it was about though because to me when I ate the pasta it was either too wet (I know theres cream with it, but it wasn't that type of wet) or too thick. The texture in my mouth felt as if I was eating something mushy. Yet, more notably...the flavor of the cream sauce was good. So it was like eating flavorful mush!(On the side note, my mother got the Shepard's Pie. This dish is great, I suggest it over what I got.)Overall, this place I'm just going to give 3 stars. Some dishes lacked flavor and the price of the food I thought was a little pricey, but not too expensive. I would pay any price for some amazing flavor! Hey, at least I didn't have to sit in the cold for food.
4	I bought a Living Social Deal for TPR because it included alcohol, something I'm always excited about because deals normally do not. We went here with a couple of our friends and between the table ordered muscles and fries, and disco fries for appetizers, and then we got the BBQ sliders, fish and chips, ribs with corn pudding, and burger with butternut squash bisque. I thought the disco fries were very good. They included meat, which the one other time I've had them they only cheese and gravy, but I liked it a lot! If you haven't had disco fries you should definitely give them a try. I had the burger with butternut bisque. I got the bisque as my side (which they do not charge extra for), because we got the fries earlier and it had creme fraiche (South Park nerd). The burger was pretty good, fairly standard. I thought the soup was the star of my meal. Everyone also got a 20oz beer (they have 10oz and 20oz), which was around $5.50. They do not have cider :(. The bartender was also nice enough to give us an "extra" beer that they had for Free. Love Free. Our waitress was Megan, who I thought was good. It did take a while to get going, but you have to remember this place is fairly large with 3 floors. We made a reservation for 6:30 on Open Table because they did not have any 7 available, although they had plenty of tables still available at 7. To address the parking situation, we were able to find it pretty easily, and we did NOT have to pay any money, which is something I know a lot of other people posted about. After the Living Social deal we were only left with a tab of a little over $3. (The deal was for $40, and we got the disco fries ($10), a burger with soup ($9), ribs with corn pudding ($16), and a 20oz beer ($5.50).)  So if you find yourself wanting to try something new I suggest The Peculiar Rabbit, good ambiance, lots of TVs, and good food!
2	My friend n I have been wanting to come here for a very long time but sadly we were extremely disappointed. Decor: Tables are ugly. Decor on general isn't cohesive.Drinks: Worst bloody mary I've ever had.Brunch: Split the eggs Oscar. Asparagus was cold and the hollandaise was a little on the thick side.Service: Our server Kristopher was not in a good mood and frankly turned us off from the very beginning. He might want to try smiling... Just saying Sadly not impressed, maybe we'll just come back for beers.
3	Finally made it to this restaurant.  My friend and I sat at the bar on the middle level and enjoyed the excellent view of the Charlotte Skyline.  I read through the menu many times and saw quite a few dishes that sounded good.  I'm a big fan of poutine, but didn't feel in the mood for it.  I settled on the Shepherd's Pie.  I love shepherd's pie and this dish just did not do it for me.  Beer selection was good, view was good, service was good, but the menu didn't live up to what I was expecting.  I will give them another try with another dish later and see if it was just a one-off.
2	I have mixed feelings about The Peculiar Rabbit.I came here for the first time with a Amazon Local coupon, woohoo! This neighborhood is my jam and I was itching to try the place out. Unfortunately, I didn't have the greatest experience.The vibe of the interior is nice. Kinda dark and pub-like, but clean and distinguished too. We sat on the second level. The worst part of our visit was the service. Our waitress was just horrible. She wasn't mean per say, just a total airhead that kept us waiting forever on drinks, food, our check, refills. You name it, she botched it. She even messed up our coupon. She told us we had $5 left, so we ordered dessert, but she didn't add the dessert to the coupon, just gave us a bill for it... wtf? And when she was refilling everyone else's water, I slid my over for a top off... but she totally ignored it and sauntered away. Another thing that bothered me was all the unnecessary frou frou labeling on the menu. This is a bar, not an elite restaurant. We had to ask endless questions about everything, which was annoying for our server and ourselves.Also, the prices on our check were higher than what was on the menu! That's a no no! Come on!We split the OMG Pretzels as an appetizer. They were okay, but nothing special. A little too crunchy and the sauce a little boring and stingy on the portion.My mom ordered the Classic Burger and was happy. It was simple and she enjoyed it.My friend and I split The Veggie Burger and The Pub Grilled Cheese. The quality of both of the ingredients in these both was really great. The Veggie Burger was hearty and filling, but the flavor was bland and boring. It needed some sort of zing to step it up. The Grilled Cheese was really good. Thick crusty sourdough bread, gooey cheeses, and tomatoes (which were pretentiously called "tomato confit"). I would definitely order it again. As my side I ordered The Ginger-Butternut Squash Bisque.... SO YUMMY. This was my favorite thing I tried. Rich and thick but a rather small portion. We split the Creme Brulee.... 2 thumbs up. It was great and the texture was just right.I think  I'd give Peculiar Rabbit another try in the future, but please give me better luck with the server.
4	The building is great!  I love the use of space & have dined here a few times.  The rooftop view (of Uptown Charlotte) is spectaculiar!!!  Service was slow at first but once my guests & I were greeted, we were very well taken care of.  The food is always amazing & I love the selection of local beers on tap.  Jason (GM) always makes a personal visit to our table each time.  The ambiance is great for a date, a night out with friends or brunch with girlfriends.
2	My wife and I and another couple visited this restaurant on a Friday night.  Luckily my wife had made reservations several days ahead of time, because when we arrived at 7:00, the wait was 1.5 hours.  We were seated promptly at a nice four top table next to a window on the first level.  Unfortunately, things went down hill from there very quickly.  Our waiter came over for our drink orders and we had to tell him multiple times which wines we wanted and finally had to point to them in the menu so he could write them down.  Drinks came and then we ordered appetizers. After 30 minutes, I had asked the waiter to check on the order.  The appetizers were delivered a short time later.  We then put in our dinner orders, and after about an hour, I finally asked another waiter working in our section if the kitchen was having problems because the delay in getting our food was ridiculous.  BTW, we are not high maintenance people so it is very unusual for us to ever complain.  Jason, the manager, came over to our table and apologized for the delay and said it was our waiter's first night and they had to pull him off the floor because he had gotten overwhelmed.  Jason said our food would be on them for our trouble.  Fair enough.  Class move by him to admit the problem and make it right.That's when things got really strange.  15 minutes later, Jason came back to the table and said the food was being plated.  Then, a short time later, our original waiter (the one who had been "pulled off the floor") came back to the table as if nothing had happened and asked if we wanted dessert!  We had to tell him we still hadn't gotten our food and he promised to check on it.  Finally, about 30 minutes after we were told the food was being plated, it arrived piping hot.  Jason came back to the table and admitted that there had been issues in the kitchen as well and comped our entire meal drinks and all.The food itself was great once it arrived and Jason did what a good manager does when there is a problem which is why I gave it two stars instead of one star, but it is hard to overcome the bad impression the service made.  Maybe the restaurant needs to limit the number of seatings per night until the kitchen and wait staff rise to the level of their food.
3	So after thinking of going here "one day" we finally did. First of all, do not let my 3 stars change your mind about going to this place. The food is a-mazing. But my lack of 4/5 stars is heavily influenced by the noise level here. Omg, forget hearing what the people across the table were saying, I could barely hear what my boyfriend was saying, sitting right beside me. Their music is loud, and there are people around yelling on top of that and by the end of our evening I had a headache. Maybe it's different if you sit outside or upstairs, but we were on the main floor.That being said, all the food at our table was good and there wasn't a single thing I didn't like. For appetizers, we had the Devils on Horseback, OMB Pretzels and the Disco Fries. The first two were awesome, the disco fries were a bit soggy. For entree I had the Bahn Mi, my boyfriend had the Peculiar Burger and the two others from our party had the Peculiar Rabbit and the Pork Belly. The Bahn Mi was totally mind-blowing. The Peculiar burger was good, but nothing great. Probably not worth $11 I would say. The Peculiar Rabbit was alright (yes, it's rabbit meat) and the Pork Belly again, was really good.My only complaint about this place really is the noise level. I know I said it already but it's worth stressing on because it really was annoying. We will definitely go back, and sit outside or on the roof, since it looked really nice out there. I would probably have the Bahn Mi again though.
5	The view from the roof is spectacular! Great for taking pictures. I had fish and chips during this visit. The fish is HUGE. Great appetizers. Currently have live music on Wednesday nights
3	The name and concept of the Peculiar Rabbit were enough to draw my attention, and when I found an online coupon for the place I was sold. The idea of getting some good food at a bar-like environment was intriguing, and we headed out Saturday night.Finding the place is no problem, as it's the big three-story bar located across from the Family Dollar parking lot. Parking itself is a different story, and something that confused the heck out of us. We went at 6:30 (made reservations) and by that time there was no parking anywhere on the street or the lot located near Sherwin Williams. After circling a few times trying to find an actual spot to park in we caved in and parked in the Family Dollar lot, which requires you to give the attendant $5.Once we were finally parked we walked into the place and I was charmed at first. It has a very nice interior that is ascetically pleasing and looAhhks pretty roomy at first glance. We were sat upstairs on the second floor, and upon sitting down and relaxing I realized that the overall noise of the surroundings was too much for me. Our table was right in front of the bar, so as the meal wore on and the seats at the bar filled up, people began having their drinks and conversations while standing...which happened to be right next to us! It wasn't long before I couldn't hear a word the missus was saying, despite being right next to her. I guess part of me expected a somewhat quieter setting for a "gastro pub", but once the drunken young women and disturbingly older men began chatting in arrangement of free drinks, I realized this was nothing more than a bar with a fancy food menu.Ahh, the food...one of the redeeming qualities of the Peculiar Rabbit. First off, the beer is excellent. They have a nice selection and it is available in 10oz or 20oz glasses. My initial reaction was "what, no 16oz?!" but I found that 10oz was a suitable price... especially when I got a draft of Beckenridge Vanilla Porter for only $3.50! When we go out for dinner we have a beer or wine to go with our meal, not to get drunk on. Thus 10oz was perfect for us.For dinner I ordered the Shepards Pie ($14) and it was done very, VERY well. I've had Shepards Pie at Irish places and found it under-seasoned and bland, but this dish was nothing short of tastetacular! They start with a heaping portion of ground lamb, which is not overcooked and tough but tender and juicy and greasy...just perfect. Peas and carrots are mixed in with it and this wonderful mound of meat and veggies is plopped onto a bed of mashed rutabaga, rather than the potatoes you would traditionally get. The rutabaga was actually better than potato and was much lighter, so I didn't get the heavy feeling in my stomach I would get after eating some mashed taters. Then they top the entire dish off with a thick layer of cheddar cheese that is simply divine. It was the only part of the meal I had to cut with a knife because it was so thick and chewy, and so, so good. The Shepards Pie is a great meal, and definitely worth the price of admission.The missus ordered the Cioppino ($17), which is pretty much a spicy fishermen's stew. It consisted of scallops, whitefish and mussels drowned in this tomato stew that was heavenly. The seafood was all of good quality and cooked well, but the star of the dish was definitely the stew itself. It had a nice spicy kick to it and also retained an overall seafood taste. I ended up dipping my bread into the stew, which is something I rarely do. There is one problem with the dish though. The menu says it comes with shrimp as well, though the missus didn't get any shrimp on her plate. Also, even if there had been shrimp, the meal has little substance to it. It's just a plate of seafood. Granted, it's tasty seafood, but I think it needed some kind of starch or side to go with it, like pasta, couscous or risotto...something to make it a complete meal. No one can make a full dinner out of a few mussels, scallops, shrimp  (if you happen to get it) and some whitefish chunks.All in all, the Peculiar Rabbit does serve really tasty food. My biggest concern is the ambiance, as I would only go back for an actual meal, and want to go somewhere that is less...bar-ish. The outside seating seemed to be a bit more our speed, and if we came back (which I would not be against since the food was good) we would wait the 30-60 minutes for an outdoor seat that might prove to be more comfortable and a little less noisy.
4	Had dinner and drinks on the fabulous rooftop bar -- the drink special was delicious - a blood orange margarita with salt foam (very cool presentation also!).  Tea brined wings and corn dogs were both delicious, as was the fish and chips.  The tartar sauce that comes with that fish is really yummy!  we also had the southern salad, which was the only item that was a little underwhelming for me.  Not bad, but not as good as the other things we had.  I have eaten here a few times, and had about everything on the starter menu at one time or another - they are all really good!  Friendly service, nice daily drink specials, good beer selection -- and that view!  great place for a sunset dinner.
5	Food and view, what more do you need!  I can't understand how this place has 3 stars.  We ordered several appetizers to share as well as the Duck confit sandwich.  The sandwich was the highlight of the meal!  But the devils on horseback were not far behind.... The different flavors and textures went together very well.  Great place to have drinks on the patio without compromising dinner.
4	rooftop view is amazing. food is great but avoid the nasty deviled eggs.  service was great too.
4	I absolutely loved to atmosphere here. Although we didn't go up to the rooftop bar which is apparently awesome. We ordered the truffle fries for an app & really enjoyed them. My sister ordered two cocktails & both tasted like cough syrup. That was the only part of the dinner that came up short. We ordered the shepherds pie & it reminded me of something my mom would make, which is def a good thing. Very comforting. Last but not least, we got the chocolate car bomb for dessert which was amazing. Overall we had a great experience & will be coming back soon to try the salmon!
1	I was SO looking forward to this place because I heard it was delicious.  My boyfriend and I had been traveling a lot and hadn't been on a date in a long time and were VERY excited to try this place.  We made a reservation for 8pm and arrived promptly, but really wanted to sit outside on the upstairs patio so we agreed to wait an hour.  When the hostess got us an hour later, she took us to a table on the ground floor, I explained that we were waiting for a table upstairs.  She snapped "Well there are none" and left us to sit outside.  20 minutes or so later a server finally brought us some water (9:20pm) and took our order.  We ordered the calamari salad, bacon wrapped figs, and a duck entree.  More than 30 MINUTES later (9:50) the figs arrived, and you could tell by the heat level and texture that it had been sitting under the heat lamp for god knows how long.  The calamari salad came around 10:00 and was horrible and bland.  It is a cold salad...there is no reason it should take 40 minutes to come out.  The entree arrived at 10:20 (nearly an hour and a half after we sat down) and was absolutely terrible.  The duck was greasy yet dry at the same time and had clearly been under the heat lamp for some time.  It was so bad that we ended up ordering a second dinner at the movies later!!We advised our server around 9:30 that we needed to be gone by 10:15 to make a movie.  He was the one saving grace of the meal.  He was very apologetic about the wait and did take a beer and our entree off the bill.  I know it wasn't his fault...the kitchen was clearly backed up, but it was one of the worst dining experiences I have had in Charlotte.  Whoever is the manager needs to take a serious look at the staffing of the kitchen and the flow, especially on busy warm weekend nights.  We will definitely not be returning, unless for drinks only, which is a shame because it is a great location and the menu looked promising.
4	Had a great time here! There are 3 levels to this restaurant, and (you guessed it), 3 bars! The roof has a party all of it's own, with their own bar and a beautiful view of the city.I went with a group and all of us tried something different. LOVED the Devils on Horseback (it's a must try-and you will do a happy dance when you eat them!), Mussells, and the Korean Skewer! Didn't much care for the Lamb Lollipop, which had ground lamb.I ordered the Rabbit for dinner-something I had never had before. Not my favorite, but it was good. The best meal of the night was the Pork Belly (it was on special and is currently NOT listed on their menu; it was not served with noodles). The ribs were also fantastic!We had drinks all night from the bar-great beers, and fantastic hand crafted drinks as well.Great atmosphere, so eclectic and really fun to people watch there. Delicious food, looking forward to going back!
4	I tried this place out last night with a friend of mine. Great atmosphere. I didn't get to try out the rooftop seating since my friend isn't a fan of the outdoors. I have to stay I was a little unsure of what to order, but ended up choosing the Lobster Mac & Cheese. It was absolutely delicious!!! For the appetizer we tried the Sweet Tea Brined Wings. The wings were a hit but the dipping sauce not so much. It lacked flavor. I will definitely be a repeat at this place.
5	This place is a cool chill spot. The view is amazing from the roof and the food is spectacular . Definitely a spot to go to if your in Charlotte. I would write more but I'm in a rush.
2	Recommended to Peculiar Rabbit by a friend, my boyfriend and I went here last weekend to sit on the rooftop veranda and enjoy the views of Charlotte and food.  We arrived at 7pm and were told it would be a 40-60 minute wait for roof top seating.  We obliged and enjoyed one of the limited drafts from the roof top bar.  75 minutes later, we were starting to get hangry and asked the hostess how much longer.  There were 4 open tables on the rooftop veranda the entire time, and we were pushed to the fire escape stairs to get out of the wait staff's way as we drank our beers. The hostess said at least another hour. We asked to just be seated inside or eat at the bar and the hostess said that would be a 30 minute wait and once we got seated it would take another 30 minutes for the kitchen to prepare our food because they were backed up.  We found it inconceivable to ask patrons to wait 2.5 hours to eat so we left the snippy hostess and vow not to return.  Over priced drinksRude hostessExtremely long wait timeLimited beer selectionKitchen cannot support entirity of the restaurant with new restaurant expansionNice view of Charlotte in distanceNice view of Family Dollar and CVS parking lot
2	After driving around for 20min trying to find a place without a line to have brunch, we decided to try the Peculiar Rabbit.  I have to say that the only thing that impressed me were the personalities of the servers, very out going and personable.  The food however, was nothing special and I'd opt to wait in a line at a different place before I came back.The strawberry banana bread they brought for the table was a bit dry and def didnt taste like strawberries.  My buddy had about two bites of his runny grits and barely finished half of his pancakes while I attempted to eat a very underwhelming bahn mi sandwich (the bread swallowed the rest of the sandwich).My beer was actually really good, but my friend's bloody was sub par and pretty weak.Oh, and they have a ton of cameras throughout the restaurant and had all their feeds displayed on a TV above the hostess stand, almost like a weird reminder you are being watched.Find another place to eat if you can.
2	I've been to The Peculiar Rabbit a couple of times now. Here is my take so far:  I love the location, I love the name, I like the arrangement of the restaurant, I love the view except when the late afternoon sun is so intense that you get spots before your eyes. With that said, I feel somewhat welcome here - not really welcome, somewhat.This last visit gnats (maybe fruit flies) were flying around my drink at upstairs bar (thought that was peculiar.) I ordered  the butternut squash lasagna and am still contemplating whether I liked it or not - the squash was a bit too under cooked and I wish there was more spinach. It just left me feeling they could have done better on that.I might return and give it another shot - especially since they offer live music - I love that.
3	For now, Peculiar Rabbit is only getting 3 stars from me. That is solely because aside from having a small bite of my husband's pretzel, I haven't tried any of their food. Despite not trying their food, I am OBSESSED with a) the view from the roof and b) their perfectly spicy bloody marys. The Peculiar Rabbit is now going to be yet another "go to" place when we have out of town guests visiting. It's in a fantastic neighborhood, close to several of our other favorite hangouts, has local beer on tap, and a view of the Charlotte skyline that is unmatched. I haven't been at night yet, so I'm only judging it based on what I experienced at ~2pm on a Sunday afternoon, but I wouldn't mind heading back there next Sunday to soak in some sun and enjoy the views/bloody marys yet again. My only suggestion, if anyone from Peculiar Rabbit is reading, is to add a few umbrellas or shade structures to the roof. I got absolutely FRIED sitting on the roof for 2 hours, I know I should've worn sunscreen... but I totes would've sat under an umbrella if I had one available. Other than the sun sensitivity issue, I can find nothing but positive things to say about the Peculiar Rabbit. I hope to try it for dinner and late night soon!
5	This is by far one of my favorite new places in Charlotte.  Creative, fresh menu and great cocktails.  How can you beat half price bottles of wine on Sundays??  Devils on Horseback - Amazing....Duck Duck Goose appetizer...so yummy.  Love the pork belly and the sandwiches.  Really cannot say anything negative at all.  Go see it - your tummy will thank you!!
4	The Peculiar Rabbit is a pretty large bar/restaurant. When I first heard about it being built and finally opening, I thought it would be more of a "bar food" type of place. I was wrong. It does have that bar feel and is would be a great place to head over after work with some friends for a cocktail but I was surprised by the menu. The menu has some unique twists on various dishes. I don't know that I have ever given figs a chance but I do now. The goat cheese stuffed figs wrapped in bacon are something I think about probably a couple of times a month now. They are sooo good. The bacon is not too crisp but just enough that it wraps around the fig and is drizzled with a beet reduction sauce #OMG. For dinner, I had the mushroom risotto. Another great choice, but I think this might be a seasonal dish and not one of the regular items. And since we were out for my mother's birthday, what dinner would be complete without a little dessert...so we ordered the seasonal cheesecake which hit the spot. Overall, I would recommend this place for anything from after work drinks to date night. I would not suggest this place for children for various reasons.
1	Waited for an hour and our food still was not servedTwo of us waited an hour and had to leave because our food had still not arrived. It's probably a pretty good place to while away an afternoon drinking and finally eating - we did see two of the six tables in our area served food over the hour we were there - but as a restaurant I would recommend avoiding it for now.
2	Went there for a friends birthday. Our waitress didn't understand that we wanted split checks and that everyone was sharing the birthday girls portion. Took like 30 minutes for us to get our tabs. The mussels were delish. Would highly recommend. Lobster Mac n cheese was disappointing. Would not recommend. Very disappointing. We went the for the amazing view but it rained so we had to sit inside and it's very noisy and difficult to converse.  I think had the weather been better this place would be great for after work drinks.
4	Visited the restaurant last night with a load of friends, 25ish total.  I visited the downstairs bar while waiting for the group and enjoyed the excellent selection and bar tenders' personalities.  After moving upstairs (2nd floor) with the group, we were well taken care of even with the large number of guests.  I ordered the chicken and waffles which were great, not the best I've ever had but I'll have them again.  The other food around the table looked good with most folks offering compliments.  Along with pricey food and drinks, this place has a loud, trendy, almost college vibe but I'll be back.
3	I've been curious about this place for a while, but finally stopped in today for the first time for brunch.Right off the bat, I have to say that the roof deck is phenomenal.  To sit down and have that sweeping skyline view in one direction and the greenery of plaza midwood in the other is pure magic.  The food was okay, the service was okay, I guess (I'll get to that), but that view is just about worth the price of admission on its own.And then there's the food.  My lady got the french toast.  I got the huevos rancheros (the menu calls it "ranchero 28205").  The food wasn't really that special.  My dish was pretty overcooked and gloopy except for the eggs, which were properly poached.  One really odd thing about my dish was that one of my poached eggs had a smear of blue on it.  It looked like someone had dabbed a bit of blue food coloring on the egg.  I'm not a high maintenance diner, so when I found that I could just wipe it off with a napkin, I did so and kept eating.  But the dish was fair.  Not great.My lady's french toast was pretty good.  You know, it was french toast.  It wasn't as good as the stuff they make at Bistro La Bon, and it sure as hell wasn't in the same league as Ina's french toast in Chicago, but you know, it was pretty decent.The service was friendly, but it took about ten minutes for our waitron to reappear to take our food orders after we got our drinks.  We kind of felt like we had been forgotten, but the thing was, on that rooftop, with that view, just hanging out and being forgotten has its own up side.Bottom line: if we had been inside, this brunch would have sucked.  The rooftop dining experience can lead one to forgive a lot.  But I'll be back, I look forward to checking out their dinner options.  But they really need to focus a little more on service and putting out plates that look and taste fresh and great.Peculiar indeed.
3	Went here on a Sunday afternoon.  There was a rather long line, so they gave us a pager.  After waiting 30 minutes we went in to inquire. We noticed several empty tables so they seated us.  The pager never went off - guess they forgot about us.  A quick round of drinks and we placed our food order.  Another very long wait due to a kitchen backup.  When the food finally arrived, it was quite good.  I rate it 3 instead of 4 stars due to service.
5	Somewhat surprised that this place doesn't have a higher rating. I've been here 3 or 4 times now, and each time I've had something different to eat and was equally blown away each time.This is more of a restaurant than a bar, so I recommend you try their food out. Brunch items are great, as are their burgers, sandwiches, and traditional irish pub food. Do yourself a favor, get a side of the corn pudding. It's the only time I've ever gone to a restuarant and re-ordered something when I ran out. Give it a shot, sit on the rooftop patio (it's covered so no need to fret over the weather), and enjoy yourself. Great food, plenty of local beers on tap, and typically good rotating drink specials. One day during the week I know they have a $10 burger and beer special...why wouldn't you try it out.Happy to have this place in my backyard.
3	Is it okay to write a review even though all I had was dessert?  For me, desserts tell a lot about a place.  I look at the dessert menu before I even order my meal typically because I want to know what I have to look forward to.  I also like to see how creative the chef is and if they have gone the extra mile to hire a pastry chef at some of these establishments.  If you put time and money into dessert then you clearly want your patrons to have the full experience and you care about the details.  If you slap on the usual (NY Style cheesecake, molten lava cake, carrot cake, brownie with ice cream, etc) then I have to question your loyalty to your customers.  All of that to say, I was excited to see some creative options when I was handed the dessert menu at TPR this past Friday.  My eyes immediately went to "The Elvis."  It was described as a chocolate chip bread with peanut butter ice cream, whipped cream, etc.  I was so excited but once it came out and I took my first bite, I was so distraught.  The bread was so dry!  What was it? Ezekiel bread with some chocolate chips smashed in?  The ice cream layer was so thin that you couldn't even take your spoon to get scoop.  it just melted into the hard, dry bread and it wasn't even making the bread soggy if that tells you anything.  How could this be?  How could something that sounded so good, be so awful?  I have to say, this was probably one of the worst dessert experiences I have ever had.  Good thing they have a fabulous rooftop and are in such a great location.
4	Went to Peculiar Rabbit this morning for brunch. I've never been and am glad I didn't read the reviews prior to going or I probably would've changed my mind. Really cool atmosphere. Clean, cool views of the city, nice decor. Food: First, our server brought out some delicious chocolate nut banana bread which was a tasty surprise. I ordered the chorizo omelette at the recommendation of our server. So glad I did, because it was so full of flavor. The chorizo was really tasty and perfectly cooked. Paired with home fries, it was a delicious combo. I also ordered a cup of coffee which wasn't too good but that's ok, the omelette made up for it. The boyfriend ordered the French toast which I snuck a bite of and it was also really good. He loved it too. Peculiar rabbit is generous with their portion size, so go hungry. The service was attentive and quick and friendly from the time we walked through the door.  I definitely plan to go again for dinner and check out the rooftop seating. Give this place a try!
4	Perfect brunch spot! Great drinks, atmosphere and food! Menu is tasty and eclectic, never been disappointed with anything I've had there. Staff is always friendly and efficient! My fave thing is the Eggs Oscar...poached egg with hollandaise sauce on crab cake and english muffin. And a side of grits! Amazing! If that's not "brunchin"... I don't wana know what is!
4	This place has grown on me.  Delicious Fish and Chips, awesome drink specials, and their Waldorf salad is fantastic.  Service can still be  bit iffy, but overall, I have enjoyed my time spent here.  Worth a try for sure.
3	This place was just so-so.  Maybe it's the fact we went on a busy Saturday night, but our poor waiter seemed slightly overwhelmed, so it could be a staffing issue.  The food was good, I hate to say it about a somewhat nicer restaurant but the pretzel appetizer was the best, it was absolutely delicious!!  I had the pork and although I am preggers and had to get it done well, it was still pretty good but tons of fat.  Cute atmosphere so maybe we'll give it a try during the week when it's not so chaotic!!
4	Ok so I just stopped in here for dessert today and will need to come back for a proper meal and full review, but trust me, this dessert deserves its own review!It was a funny coincidence because I was with a friend and had just been telling her how much I despise absolutely everything about bananas, the taste, the smell, the texture... Then we walk in and the bartender immediately suggests that we try The Elvis, a dessert comprised on banana nut chocolate chip bread, peanut butter ice cream, salted caramel, candied bacon and whipped cream! My friend's eyes lit up and 4 out of those 5 components sounded amazing to me so we gave it a shot! We'll it was beyond amazing and the banana flavor was faint enough that I was still able to enjoy the dessert. Every component of The Elvis, including the banana bread, was perfection and this experience definitely makes me want to go back and try some of their other items! I also found out from the bartender that they employ a pastry chef who is solely responsible for the dessert menu and thought that was very impressive, especially for a gastropub. I would never have thought of The Peculiar Rabbit for a romantic date of dessert and drinks, but now this will go straight to the top of my list!
4	Amazing spot! Great food, great drinks, great staff, great environment. I'm just sorry we didn't get here sooner.
1	This is the worst restaurant I have experienced  since moving to charlotte . The service was slow  the mussels were slimy and i fully expect to see them later on this evening .The burgers and fish was over cooked - the best thing on the menu was my sons kiddies grilled cheese . Stay away
3	Great food with a gorgeous rooftop. Been here a few times now and there's a lot of hits but quite a few misses as well. To start off, the food is beyond tasty and props to the chef for coming up with eccentric flavors that simply just work well together. Stopped by after a yoga class on a Friday and shared a slew of apps - we ended up getting the pretzels, the disco fries and the devils on horseback. Gotta admit, the disco fries were way better than I first anticipated, topped with gravy, shredded cheese and cilantro. The devil was bacon-wrapped figs with goat cheese and a sweet beet sauce. Awesome after workout chill spot on the patio and we really enjoyed ourselves.Last time I headed over was for lunch with a few co-workers. The service was just not good at all. The server never smiled and hardly ever came by so our glasses were constantly empty. Our order took almost 30 full minutes - really? 30 minutes during a lunch hour on a Wednesday? I ordered the turkey burger with a side of beer cheese soup and both were great... just wish I could say the same about the server. But this seems to always happen with the service. I've only had good service one time (after the yoga class) and every other time it's been slow or unfriendly. Or both. So I always make sure to come by only when I'm not in a hurry... which really is a terrible thing to have to do. On a side note as well, know that at night you can't grab a table without ordering food. If you ask for a table but are only ordering drinks, you'll be asked to move. Seriously. Even if the tables are empty you must sit at the bar, stand or go elsewhere. Although at night, I'm more likely to rack up my bill with drinks not food so their loss.But if you are looking for a well-crafted meal, this is a good place to check out.
3	Above average food, but even higher prices.  Dinner for two topped $100.  Enjoyed the experience but the food will not be enough to draw us back a second time.  We had the fillet and grouper.  Our favorites where the fig and goat cheese bruschetta and the crispy broccoli.
4	OK, I'm just going to put it out there.  There is no rabbit anywhere on the menu.  Thank goodness though that there is lots of other great food.  I had driven by this place several times recently and wondered how it was being received by the Plaza Midwood area.  When my daughter and her husband offered to take me there for my birthday lunch, I jumped at the chance to check it out.You can't review The Peculiar Rabbit without talking about the parking situation, or more precisely, the lack of parking situation.  There is literally no place to park legally.  End of story.  If parking in a business lot and sneaking across the street creeps you out then eat somewhere else.The venue is pretty cool, 3 levels and the layout is nice and cozy.  We opted to sit on the roof.  It was a nice day with a great view of uptown and the service was prompt.  For a starter we went with the mousse and pickles, which is duck liver mouse and house made pickles.  I love duck liver mousse so I was looking forward to this.  It was good but not great, nice and smooth and flavorful, very classic.  The pickles were ...ahem...."different".  Okra, radish, mango, jalapeno, and cauliflower, in a sweet, spicy, vinegary brine.  Between us we had 3 different entrees.  I had the braised brisket sandwich.  This was a solid hit.  A nice mound of tender flavorful, juicy brisket that paired beautifully with the caramelized onions and blue cheese, all sitting proudly on a soft but crispy hoagie roll.  French fries are hand cut and fried pretty well with tons of flavor.My daughter, Melissa had the Banh Mi, a first for her and she is definitely a fan.  She said her life is now divided into two periods, before Banh Mi and after.  The Rabbit's version is pretty traditional with a very flavorful pork patty that Melissa said tasted like the inside of the best egg roll you have ever had.  I tasted it and have to agree.  With the pickled daikon, cilantro aioli, and jalapeno peppers it has that traditional bite of spiciness.  Chris had the lamb burger, big, fat, meaty and so juicy that the juice dripped onto the plate with each bite.  He said it was really good.  He ate it so fast I never got a chance to poach a bite.  If you're in the Plaza-Midwood area for lunch or dinner and don't mind circling the block a couple of times for a parking place, hop into the Peculiar Rabbit and give them a try.
4	Best rooftop view of the city skyline! The food is pretty good, nothing mindblowing but I love to go have some cocktails and enjoy the view from the rooftop.  the Chicken wings were excellent.  The disco fries are good if you can get over the fact that your eating fries (already so good for you) with a ton of gravy slopped on top.  The rooftop pulls it up to a 4 star for me.
3	Cool space ! We were in town for the Fleetwood Mac concert and stopped here to get drinks before heading anywhere. Built more vertically than it is wide, there are Lots of steps in this place! We sat at the very top, it is open with minimum covering which i loved. I sat with a group of 6 just drinking wine but we waited 25 minutes to see a waitress. Then I order a glass to share the wine with everyone, a coke with lime and a shot of Jameson neat. Nothing but the wine glass shows up for the remainder of our short stay. It was all good though, we ate at Soul Gastrolounge after and it smoothed everyone over.
4	Interesting menu choices and we were pleased with the quality. Very nice place for a date night with some wonderful martinis!
2	Amazing Space...The building is amazing in location and layout.Sadly a waste. Been here twice...everything I've had was either "meh" or just not good.I've had Disco Fries, Lobster Mac and Cheese, Peculiar Rabbit Burger, Their deviled eggs, and their version of lamb shwarma.Food is eh, Service is mediocre, Venue is great....but what are you to do.
4	Awesome Food! Chicken And Waffles Rocked! The Lobster Mac 'N Cheese was fantastic! Started the meal off with a Mediterranean plate for an app! Very very impressed by the atmosphere and food! The only issue was parking... not easy to find parking that you won't get towed from!
3	The Good: The FRIES...of course most people are going to be like really of all the food you could talk about you talk about the fries! YES! They are PHENOMENAL, I could honestly just go there and eat fries. I also had the tea brined wings...twice. The first time I went they were excellent, the second time I went, they were WAY too salty. :-(  The decor is pretty nice, and the waitstaff is friendly. Our service was fast and both times I've went was during lunch hours.The Bad: Parking kind of sucks. I mean, if you aren't familiar with the area, you will be driving around looking for a spot. It could be worse but it definitely could be better. The good thing is you can park near CVS or the Junior League but sometime parking is packed there too. I also had the deviled eggs...meh, you can pass on those, I though they had a bad aftertaste.
3	do NOT order the deviled eggs, the flavor is all wrong. honestly they really need to step up their food game.  the concept and intention is there but it falls short at flavor.  calamari was not crispy at all....please improve the batter.
3	Overall a good, but not a great, experience. I loved my meal, the Banh Mi pork sandwich. One of the best sandwiches I have had in years. Very flavorful with some asian inspired spiciness. Girlfriend was not as lucky.  Her braised pork was a huge piece of inedible fat. Yes, it should not be a lean cut of meat but it was like a slab of lard. Dessert was great. It's called The Elvis. The name alone gives you a hint that it's going to be big and decadent and it is.  Big enough for 3 or 4 to share. Service was good for us but we could see from the tables around us that not everyone was so lucky. But we had a very good waiter. So all in all they hit on 2 of the 3 dishes and we had good service. Not sure if we would go back though. It's not fair for people to gripe about the parking because that is a neighborhood trait and not their fault. If you don't like hunting for parking and your parallel parking skills are weak, you may want to skip plaza mid wood altogether anyway.
4	I've been here twice now and have had a pleasant experience during both visits. Out of all the things I've had (we split everything): Fig and bacon app, Ribs, Risotto, Chicken & Waffles, and Crab Cake sandwich the only thing I didn't enjoy was the ribs. I'm a rib lover, and these just didn't hit the mark. Everything else was delicious!! The Risotto had amazing flavor, they do a great job at keeping the traditional Chicken & Waffles yummy and savory, and the Crab Cake sandwich had a great sauce and I love a good gourmet bun! The service was ordinary the second time but great the first time and the drink specials are good. I will definitely be back, and I hope I can make it in for a ladies night out sometime too!
3	We stopped here for brunch and sat up on the rooftop. It was chilly up there but as long as you have a sweater you're good! The menu has some pretty good choices and I went with the Eggs Oscar and a side of their soup of the day (corn chowder). My sister had the club sandwich with a sunny side up egg added to it. Service was decent and it didn't take too long to get our food or drinks (mimosas and bloody Mary's). My meal was good, I really liked the crab cakes and the grilled asparagus it came with was cooked just right. Blood Mary was made with a mix and just kind of blah, although the mimosas weren't too bad. I really didn't care for our server at all..he was just soo boring. Loved the view and restaurant, food was good overall, but this won't be a place I'm dying to go back to.
5	Great food. Cool atmosphere. It's been on our list of "go to" restaurants in the area for a bit. We finally went for a date night and I'm glad. We will definitely be going back. The staff is knowledgable and the menu is very interesting. I love a good farm to table restaurant. We had devils on horseback as an appetizer. I ordered the pork belly and my boyfriend ordered the rabbit (which was one of the specials.) his was way better!!
2	The food was great, but the service was below par.Me and two other friends showed up to the Sunday brunch at like 12:30. We were expecting a wait, but the inside was completely empty on the first floor. The hostesses said that they were reserved for reservations. It made sense and the hostess said it would be a 25 min wait. We decided to wait. Almost 1.5 hours past and our buzzer still hadn't gone off. People coming in after us were getting sat before us. It was becoming very frustrating. We finally complained to the hostesses and they said they forgot about us. It is very unlikely because we were standing in front of the hostess stand the whole time. The server was lovely. She did a great job. The chef's can cook there. It is just sad that an experience that could have been very positive was very negative and it is all blamed on the hostesses (one of them being a manager in a purple dress).
4	The name, Peculiar Rabbit, is not the only delightful aspect of this newcomer.  The 2nd floor of the restaurant provides for a cozy evening enjoying dinner with friends followed by drinks and a beautiful view from the rooftop bar.  The menu is extensive with something at each price point.  Besides the pimento cheese appetizer, nothing really stood out as amazing on the menu.  That is not say that what I had was not good, it just wasn't stellar.  Peculiar Rabbit has pretty good food, but it's appeal isn't really the cuisine.  PR provides a great space in Plaza Midwood where you can gather with friends for drinks or dinner.  The drink menu is wide and sure to appeal to the beer fan or wino.  Lastly, I see all these issues with the parking.  Let's just face it, most of the restaurants in Plaza Midwood do not provide parking.  So park on the street like you would have to if you went to the Penguin, Common Market, Thomas Street and so on.
2	This was our second time visiting this restaurant. we had eaten here once before and it was OK. we figured we go back and bring a friend with us last night. We all ordered the burger platters and all of us were very disappointed. in fact none of us came close to finishing what was  on the plate. the fries were old and spongy, they had been sitting in the fry for hours. All 3 hamburgers were burnt and not cooked to any of our likings. We all agreed that we would have been better off visiting a McDonald's. For $57 with included 2 drinks, it was not worth it. We left and went to Fridays and had a great mealAll in all I would go for the crowd and a drink or two, but pass on the food....go else where.
4	This place is great!  Food, cocktails and service exceeded all of our expectations.
2	The service/waiter was excellent. Most of the food on the other hand was disappointing. Ordered the Lamp Lollipops for an appetizer and had to send them back because they were under cooked. For dinner I had the pork belly... it was dry and overcooked. My wife had the Lobster Mac & Cheese and it was good- not swimming in butter and cream like many restaurants prepare this dish. I will say the parsnip and leek soup was  excellent. We shared a dessert - the layered sour cream pound cake with almond cream and strawberry's  which was difficult to share due to the narrow opening of the small mason jar it was served in and lacked consistent flavor through the layers.
1	This is the second time we went back to Peculiar Rabbit, and it's still not good. The first time, the service was so bad I wish I can give the place a negative 5 stars.However, I usually give every place a 2nd chance before I make my final judgment.This time we have a groupon so we went during dinner peak hour on Sat night. The place seems way more crowded than last time. We got seated pretty quickly, and the server was ok. He was not that attending because he didn't check on us after he delivered our food but to give us our check. But it was much better than last time.The food is ok, but they are way overpriced. Korean BBQ skewer consists of 2 beef skewer is $10. A bowl of fries with oxtail sauce, mushroom, and cheese is $10. This 2 I can accept, what made me crazy is the lobster mac & cheese. The plate is $22 itself without any side items, so I expect at least a handful of lobster meat. Instead we got a bowl of pasta salad looking pasta with no more than 5 piece of meat, and a tiny spoon of crab meat slaw.The entree is very disappointed, because for that price I can get unlimited crab leg somewhere else. And not to mention it did not tasted like Mac & Cheese at all!!!So will I go back for food, definitely NOT! However, I might go back for a drink at the rooftop for the view of the city, not because the restaurant itself attracted me back.
2	Second time was not so good. I have a feeling the martinis on my empty stomach encouraged me to leave a very generous review after our first trip. Don't waste your time or money. Atmosphere is loud and food left my stomach in ruins for a few days after.
3	We had a work event here.  I was delighted that this restaurant was chosen, as I was able to walk there from my home.  We were seated on the second floor, and it felt hot initially, but that was most likely due to my walk.Drink orders were quickly taken, and bread with butter was served.  The area was brightly lit, and loud, commercial pop music played.  Would have preferred dim lighting and background jazz, but I am sure they are going after the young demographic .I ordered the Mediterranean plate, which featured pickled vegetables, hummus, pita bread and falafel.  Delicious, and a nice portion for a light meal.  Service was on point, even when it came to bringing the checks.There are a couple of things that I found unappealing.  I excused myself to go to the ladies's room, which is downstairs.  A server who was ascending cut me off, causing me to wait.  You can "ma'am" me all night long, which they did to my annoyance, but actions speak louder than words.  Show your manners.Furthermore, this building used to be a beautiful, old church and now it resembles a big box, cookie cutter chain restaurant.  Sure, they can cram them in and give them a view, but there is absolutely no charm in this place.Still, the restaurant is in my neighborhood, plus food and service was decent.  I will support it.
5	This is a great place for brunch! Went there on a Saturday morning. My friend had the French toast. She said it was amazing. I had the Eggs Benedict Oscar- with crab cakes and asparagus. Came with stone-ground grits- delicious! A little mishap with the pepper shaker- the cap came out and pepper dumped out everywhere. No problem- the waitress cleared the area right away, apologized and had a new plate for me in no time. The coffee was piping hot and the OJ tasted freshly squeezed. There was lots on the menu I wanted to try. I hope I get the chance to go back!
1	This trendy little restaurant in the heart of Plaza Midwood is getting some poor reviews... and there's a good reason.The service sucks.We have enjoyed the food here on two previous occasions, and went again for lunch.After we were seated with menus the server came to ask what we wanted to drink. I asked about cocktails. She acted like I was speaking a foreign language, she didn't know cocktails. I pointed to the menu and said, "I want something alcoholic that isn't beer or wine... a cocktail from the bar."She told me that all of the ingredients for their cocktails were out of season, so I couldn't get a drink from the bar.Now, obviously this isn't true. They would have made me something... but this girl was just so stupid that she couldn't comprehend what was happening.As we were walking out the general manager stopped us and asked what was wrong. I told him, and he confirmed... they had no specialty cocktail menu because all of their ingredients were out of season.If I were an investor in the Peculiar Rabbit, I would be worried. Not serving cocktails from their well-stocked bar is like pouring money out the door, instead of into customer's glasses.We will never return.
4	The disco fries tasted good, but I was a little disappointed in the amount of cheese on them (and not in curd form either). It's very American of me to want more cheese on everything though, especially when the cuts of oxtail were surprisingly large and juicy. If I could change them, I would put curds of cheese, more like the amount found in poutine and shred the oxtail pieces into the gravy to make them easier to eat and share. My dining companion had the burger with an egg, bacon, and pimiento cheese on it. It was giant and difficult to hold and eat - I would suggest offering to cut it in two or sending a knife that's up to the challenge out with the burger. I tried a bite -- it was delicious, but very messy due to its size and construction. I had the chicken and waffles and while I was initially concerned about anise being added to the syrup (I don't like licorice flavors), I tried it and it added a depth of flavor to counteract the sweetness of the syrup while being otherwise unoffensive. The chicken was perfectly cooked and juicy inside a crispy crust of breading. The waffle was made with cornmeal, which helped make it less like a typical breakfast waffle. The Brussels sprouts were caramelized with bacon. All the flavor profiles on the plate meshed very well.
4	I heard mixed things about this restaurant so when a groupon came up for it I figured what a great way to try it.  I was VERY impressed!I thoroughly enjoyed my dinner from start to finish.  As far as the service went, our waitress Elizabeth was excellent.  I am one to ask 20 questions about the food and she was patient and provided great explanations and recommendations on everything.  The service could not have been better.As far what we tried, it was all great.  The beer selection was outstanding, I got to try the Stella Cidre which was really good.  We started with the bacon wrapped date appetizer.  Very flavorful.  My boyfriend had the fish & chips plate which was a HUGE amount of food for $13.  I had the mushroom risotto dish and it was amazing.  He kept eating my food.  It was risotto balls that are excellent with several different types of mushrooms.  The flavor was great.  It wasn't a healthy vegetarian dish but it was outstanding.  I think I will be craving this dish on occasion.  I don't know how we managed to eat dessert too, but the pumpkin cranberry bread pudding was really tasty.  I was pleasantly surprised after reading the mixed reviews.  I am so glad I gave this place a chance.  I will definitely be back!!!OH yeah, I read a review about cheesy pop music playing and we did not experience that.  When we were there it was good music in the background with matching videos on some TVs and football on others.  There was some fun 80s music with some radiohead, modest mouse and music like that thrown in.
2	Waiters are rude, all three that were waiting on us... Calamari is aweful! Chili is undercooked. Muscles and wings were ok.  Very disappointed!
4	Took my husband, 4 and 6 year old for dinner to use our groupon. We have been here before, and enjoyed it but tonights dinner exceeded our expectations. Wild mushroom arancini was soooo good!
1	I've actually never written a review before but my experience at The Peculiar Rabbit motivated me.  Positives:Great space, two levels, beautiful interior.  Nice beer selection and the service was good.  My wife and I split a calamari appetizer which was nicely done and a nice portion for the price.Negatives:I ordered the Guiness beef stew and it was terrible.  I can't recall sending a dish back (unless its obviously under cooked, etc.) but last night I couldn't justify paying for this dish.  For around 15 dollars (can't recall the exact price) I was given a dish with one piece of beef in it and several spoon fulls of vegetables. Also, it was listed a Guiness beef stew and the broth tasted of canned beef broth.  The actually serving dish itself was quite large but the amount of food in it was equivalent to what you would expect in a appetizer size or bowl size of stew and mostly watery broth.  I sent the stew back and told the waiter that I wasn't interested in anything else.  After having sent something back you would expect a visit from the manager but we didn't receive one. I was not looking to complain but more wanted to give my honest opinion.  You would think they would want to hear the reason for it being sent back so it could be improved upon.    My wife ordered the mushroom risotto arancini which was tasty but was a little dry.  Not sure if it was made to order.We did order dessert (we had a groupon and wanted to get our money's worth) and got the apple gallette.  Again, very dry and did not seem fresh at all.  The dessert was barely warmed and filled with mostly raisins.  Again, it was a very cool spot and would consider going for drinks and maybe an appetizer but would definitely not consider eating there again.  They don't seem to be suffering at all, it was packed on a Tuesday, but they definitely need to work on their food.  The price is not worth the quality at all.
3	I don't have much to say about this place. it was alright. small menu, but beer selection was A-OK!
1	This place was terrible all around.  We started with the Mediterranean plate and it was not so great.  It game with hummus that was pretty gross, pickled cauliflower - which was probably the best thing on the plate, flavorless pitas, and some olives.  It wasn't awful, but we weren't impressed.  I wish we had stopped the meal there since it went drastically downhill at this point.  Our waiter decided to come by only when we asked for him for things like forks, napkins & water...since they have runners that bring out the food.  The place wasn't even busy when we were in there and I saw him taking pictures with the other staff and laughing...I ordered the Bahn Mi and it was just so bad I couldn't eat it since it was grossing me out so much.  My husband ordered the burger and it was burned and beyond well done which is ridiculous since he asked for it to be medium.  One of my favorite parts of the night was when we were sitting around waiting for the bill and surprise, surprise, he was no where to be found.  When we asked for him again, he brought the check and we paid with cash - he asked if we wanted change back...if we said no, the tip would have been 50% of the bill! I was kind of impressed he had the nerve to even ask if we wanted change back.  After waiting forever for our change, we left as quickly as we could.  I would never ever ever go back here again.
3	Visit occurred in June of 2013, review is admittedly late. Made reservations for this new (at the time) place in Charlotte. It was a really nice building, elegant decor. We were excited to try the Poutine, I thought it was good, but I have nothing to compare it to! I was not overly excited by the food, but we had a nice meal and left full.Pros-Wonderful ambiancePerfect for a dateUnique menu optionsCons-Pricey considering the "normal" food qualityNo memory of the service quality, so they didn't do anything good or bad to catch my attention
4	Went here a few weeks ago for breakfast on a Sunday morning. The first thing that strikes you upon entering the Peculiar Rabbit is the peculiar environment and Peculiar ambiance that exist within the falls of this Plaza Midwood gem.  Its very hard to describe, its kind of dark, feels like your eating in an old house that was remodeled into a restaurant/bar.  As far as the food, I thought it was good not great.  Although the service was a little slow, our server was very polite and friendly and I would definitely give their Sunday brunch another shot.    I would definitely like to check this place out on a weekday evening for dinner an drinks just to see what its like.
2	Tried this place with a group of friends (4) last night and I'll have to say we were not impressed. The service was slow and I attentive.  The server was pleasant but, improperly trained.  I had the ribs and they were awful, I couldn't eat them. They were dry, fatty and full of gristle.  I told the waiter they were bad and he laughed and said it was winter????  My friends were not impressed with food either. The facility was really cool and the drinks were good. If the owners can improve the food quality and fix the service, it'd give them the chance to compete with the awesome restaurants in the area.  Great place for drinks...I wouldn't eat here again.
4	The food overall was great, the scenery was amazing,  and the staff was very friendly.  The only things that was a small minutes was the parking set up for a non Uptown location,  our server forgot my meal drink altogether,  and the lack of lighting at the table we were sat at on a very non busy night.
4	Six of us went to The Peculiar Rabbit tonight for dinner.  We started out by sharing Disco Fries and the pretzels.  The fries were delicious.  Four of the party got one of the burger selections.  They all seemed to enjoy their entrees.  I had the baby back ribs with corn pudding and collared greens.  The ribs and the corn pudding were very good.  The collards were OK, but they are not my favorite to begin with.  The service of food delivery to our table was good, refills of water and tea was a little slow.
1	We went here last night for a friends birthday and for the most of us it was our first time. The food was not at all no where near good especially for the prices that you are paying. The services was slow. The parking is horrible in this area. We had a some what large group and some bills where incorrectly charged. Once this was brought to our server Hunter's attention he became very argumentative and snappy, as if though he had to be right. Let's just say I came, experienced it and never will go back.
5	Our family of five ate at the Peculiar Rabbit yesterday. We had appetizers of Korean BBQ, calamari and pretzels and all were exceptionally tasty. The boneless ribs reminded me of my last trip to Seoul. Our entrees consisted of burgers, crab sandwich and the delicious Vietnam pork sausage sandwich. Service was pleasant, friendly and fast. This is probably the forth or fifth time that we have eaten there and each time it was wonderful.
1	Whats a terrible place to eat! Overpriced and terrible service,  how can a place like stay in business,  went to celebrate a birthday with a group of friends.  First the waitress was awful, since we were a group of people she didnt have to work too hard since the gratuity was already included in the bill. What a dump! Plus all the food that was ordered was salty!!! I rather starve.
5	Wow, hate to see people are not liking it here!!  I went for the first time last night with a friend and I will definitely be back!!!   We had reservations and were seated immediately!!  Our server arrived quickly and brought drinks out while we browsed the menu.  She stopped by again and answered all our questions about the menu in detail with lots of great recommendations and suggestions!!  I had the cornbread mac and cheese appetizer.  It was amazing!!  Perfectly creamy with a little spice!!!  I honestly think its the best mac and cheese in the city!!!!  Really really good!!  Came with a side of bbq which was also good.  That really in itself would have been a meal but I ordered the wild mushroom arancini omg phenom too!!!!!!!!  The risotto croquettes were to die for!!!  Very rich and very delicious!!!  I had a brownie dessert that was decent but nothing special but the app and meal were so overshadowingly yum that it was ok!!!!!
3	P Rabs has really good drunk specials, most of the time. The food is a bit overpriced for what you get there, but it was good. I'm personally was not a fan of the big gazebo top they added to the patio with the blue lighting. Yes I understand it's good for when it rains you can sit out there, but the lighting could be better in my opinion.The one thing I hate is parking, you can't really park at Elizabeth Billards without the owner yelling at you when you don't go in or see a guy asking for money or you'll get towed.
4	So when I heard about a place with such a name, I knew I had to try it out.  Finally, I got a chance and was pretty impressed with it.  It is situated on a corner right in the thick of everything in Plaza Midwood.  Truly a prime location.  There are multiple levels and a nice outdoor area as well.  Parking is a bit of an issue.  We were fortunate to find a spot on the street so it worked out.  We went here on a Friday night and were pleasantly surprised to have no wait to get a table.  The place was very lively and we must have timed it perfectly because we didn't see any other empty tables.  Our waiter was adequate at best and the service was pretty slow.  He offered good recommendations but we just didn't see him very often for refills or much of anything other than taking our order.  I got a lamb burger which was essentially a gyro with a stick through it.  It was pretty tasty but not memorable.  The corn pudding that accompanied it was awesome!  As we were finishing up our meal, the owner/manager stopped by to chat with us and we really appreciated that since we were first-timers.  He seemed truly interested in knowing how everything was and he invited us to return.  We will!
3	I went to Peculiar this past weekend with 2 girlfriends for dinner. Upon walking in, we were told that the wait was "35 minutes but should be sooner". So we decided to wait at the bar and have a few drinks. Thankfully, the drinks were great and the bartenders were on point :-) Unfortunately, an hour went by without any sign of a table :( We eventually asked the hostess and were seated within 5 minutes just to find out the kitchen was running an hour behind on tickets (We arrived at 7:45PM and were sat at 9:00PM). Our server was great and extremely attentive. And eventually the food was delicious (at 9:45PM)- we ordered the hummus plate, onion rings and the po'boy sandwich. All of which were prepared well and tasted great! Though these were delicious, we would have ordered actual entrees if it wouldn't have taken as long. I believe there was mention of a new chef, which understandably can be stressful on a restaurant. But I really think the ball was dropped on communication here. We have been to Peculiar a million times and have always loved it. Servers, bartenders, and food have always been great. Hopefully this one time was a fluke. Will be trying again and hopefully writing a better review. Fingers crossed :)
2	Perhaps my expectations were set too high, but I am just not as impressed as I had hoped.I have been to Peculiar Rabbit twice--once for dinner and once for brunch. We decided to try it out after a co-worker recommended going for a few drinks but once I saw Chicken & Waffles and Disco Fries on the menu I decided I needed to try the food as well.The building itself, dining areas, bars, and rooftop are splendid and I will definitely be returning solely for the sunset view of the city. Caution: Be sure to check the weather, our first visit was plagued by sporadic raindrops, which sent us running under the awning a few times.The drinks are strong and the craft beer selection was impressive. I enjoyed my Bloody Mary, but was slightly annoyed to have to have the spice subdued. Not a big deal.We had a very difficult time with our waiter. Bless his heart, he was extremely friendly and admitted he was new, but made many errors with our order and had to be reminded of drink orders a few times.The disco fries were the exact over-indulging, heart attack-inducing deliciousness you'd expect. If you're looking for comfort food, these are your answer.I ordered the chicken & waffles and was disappointed that the waffle wasn't light and fluffy but overcooked and flaky. Long story short, the flakiness of the chicken (which alone was not too bad, but again, overcooked) paired with the overcooked, flaky chicken turned my meal into underwhelming flaky, overcooked mess. Thank god for the maple glaze, which may have been the best part of the dish. In summary, I should have ordered the shrimp & grits.I wasn't keen on returning for brunch only a week and half later but were meeting friends and didn't really have a choice. I ordered the eggs benedict, a predictable choice for me.  Hollandaise was bland, shaved ham was flavorless and the hash-browns did not taste homemade. I was not very pleased with my meal, but to be fair, I tend to be overcritical when it comes to eggs benny's and very rarely am I impressed. :)Overall this is a fun place to grab a few drinks or watch the sunset on the rooftop but the food seems to fall a bit flat. Too bad, I really wanted to like it.
1	This restaurant is very hit and miss.  We bring our staff here (usually 9-11 people) for lunch.  Sometimes the food is good, if you get the specials.  Today, I had the club sandwich for $12.  The description sounded awesome...but the actual product was disgusting.  Dry, old bread...a little swipe of mayo on the bottom...lunch meat...1/5 a piece of old bacon...very disappointing.  The $3 diet coke really drove me over the top.  $3 for a diet coke from a fountain...really?  The waiter removed my sandwich and $3 diet coke from the bill.  But if I had not spoken up, I would have been overcharged.  We are not going back to the Rabbit this year.  Too many other places to eat lunch.  Sad because they use to be good...but the past 6 months has gone down hill.  I'm sure it is hard to keep people working in a restaurant, but good food is your product.
2	I've been here twice so far. The first experience was a bit underwhelming, but having heard good things, I decided to try again. Our visit today began with a rocky start. My friend and I both ordered coffee. The coffee arrived with a bowl full of crinkled up brown equal and Splenda packets and the tiniest little pot of cream I've ever seen. The server was nice enough to run to the kitchen to bring us some real sugar. Alas, once it arrived, there weren't any spoons to stir the sweet goodness into our cups. Fast forward to the food. The grits tasted like a strange sweet creamed corn and the chorizo omelet was just okay. My friend ordered scrambled eggs, hash browns, toast, and bacon. Let me just say, hashbrowns do not mean cubed fried potatoes. I mean really, they're like mini-fries. What is the fun in that? And the scrambled eggs? Well, they were a bit creamy. I think they were underdone. Their menu has a lot of variety and I give them kudos for that. However, I can't say that they do any of it well. The view is nice and the vibe is chill. Other than that, I don't think I want to eat here again. Perhaps just drink?
2	I want to give this a 3, I really, really do. After the Competition Dining experience a few months ago, my husband and I were wowed by the food from Brent Martin and vowed to check out Peculiar Rabbit. But, clearly, we weren't fast enough as Brent has moved on. We ate here the other night. The food was ok. Really just plain ok. We went for dinner and were craving real "dinner" food, not pub fare so I guess we need to check it out when we are craving a burger and fries. Both of us had amazing salads but so-so entrees. Drinks were fine, nothing memorable. The service was attentive but maybe a little over eager. I asked to have the salmon entree modified to be served gluten-free and, after a quick trip to the kitchen, I was told that wouldn't be a problem at all. However ... when I ordered dessert - a pudding, or so I thought, it might have been nice to have been given a heads up that what I ordered was totally not gluten-free. Most people are gluten-free for the entire meal, not just the main course. My mistake but still ... silly.
5	Whatever you guys are doing with the pretzel buns keep it up they are amazing---would've had a better picture but I are them all.
3	Peculiar Rabbit is quite Peculiar. The fare here is quite inventive. Especially love the sweet tea brined wings, sweet tea, and truffle fries. Not a fan of the deviled eggs. Have came a number of different times, although I would say the Customer Service has not always been the best here.
2	Great creative foodExperience is spoiled by dreadful staff.  Hostess are disengaged ( either texting on iPhone) or otherwise ignoring customers.  Told us wrong information regarding roof top. ( said that "bar and tables" were first come first serve.  Was 5:15 on a Wednesday night.  Rooftop and restaurant was virtually empty. Companion and I sat down at a table close to bar -- few minutes later another staff person said "hate to be Debbie downer... You can't sit here.  Only "those two" tables are open seating.  Of course "those two tables" were occupied.. Indicated the two top we occupied were for folks wanting to dine... I informed we wanted supper.  She said it would be 25-30 before we could sit there "in case someone else" shows up.  Reminding her -- the restaurant was empty.  She bluntly said. "You can't sit up here.. U need to move."  That we were welcome to sit outside on the front terrace.  She led us down to front -- gave us menus-  and left.  We said there for at least 10 minutes.   I could see a bevy of staff lingering /chatting at the front hostess  podium just inside the door.  I got back up. Asked if the front area was self serve ( order from bar-- take your own food out) or if there was a server coming.  Few minutes later a server arrived.  We placed order.  As did others outside waiting.  Either the staff has no way of marking what tables are what.  Every time new food came out to terrace the runners stopped at every table ( Including folks already eating). With plates of food.  Asking "is this your order?"   The entire experience was chaotic.  Months ago I dined there and had similar experience.  For the Price point of the food.  I expect better service.
2	After visting several times and loving every time with a great eclectic menu, great wine selection and bourbon specials who wouldn't.....but last night I finally talked a few friends that ususally don't leave their "Southpark Bubble" into coming towards uptown and we were very disappointed.  There were 5 of us and they were out of the first 4 wine choices and the one recommended was not tasty at all.  We went to a higher priced bottle that was fine and they DID take the first bottle off the menu and apologize profusely.  They have also changed their menu to more mainstream items, and the roof top was closed.  I won't be going for a while and my Southpark friends will stay close to home!
1	After a few less than stellar visits, here's short:The food is creatively attempted, but without remarkable flavor and tends toward overpriced. The tap is not interesting. The beer is expensive. On top of that, the staff doesn't seem keen on letting a person hang around and have a few--which at the price is probably a good thing. The wait staff is terrible. Just terrible. The service is slow to get to you, then inattentive until they want you gone. I have not had a nice, friendly experience on any of my visits. This is key. All of that wouldn't rate a one-star rating, this puts it over the edge:The folks at PR have decided to start charging for parking spaces across the street; this impacts not only parking for the rabbit, but also all of the venues around, which have traditionally been open after the shops close. Since they can't seem to make bank with their mediocre food, apparently they need to make up the difference by screwing the neighborhood.This fact makes them not just an overpriced and uncomfortable place to kill time or have a meal, but an actively bad actor in the community. My advice would be 'avoid' if that weren't true. Since it is, my advice is to actively oppose.
2	Had a dinner reservation for an anniversary dinner.  No place to park.  Even if we parked 1/4 mile away in a shopping center lot, there was a guy to collect a fee. Moreover, the neighborhood is somewhat sketchy, making me wonder whether my car would be there after dinner whether I paid or not.  I'll try it again if they ever get valet or a lot. Far classier places have complimentary valet.
1	This place is probably the worst thing that ever happened to the history of the known world.  Admittedly the atmosphere is pretty sweet.  Great views of the city, although parking can be a little difficult.  The food, however, I initially would want to call unremarkable but I can't.  I can't call it unremarkable because it is so incredibly remarkably terrible.  I ordered a club sandwich.  It took 45 min to get to my table after I ordered.  After about 30 min I was informed there was no turkey, so they would have to substitute turkey with chicken.  That was fine.  At this point I just wanted my food.  When the sandwich came, my sister who was also with me said the following: "Your sandwich looks like something they would sell at a gas station in South Carolina".  I think that was a completely fair assessment.  For a $11 club sandwich and 45 min wait, I had pictured a sandwich carefully crafted with shaved ham and turkey (as advertised on the menu).  What I got was a slab of ham steak slapped on two pieces of bread.   I'm positive I could have made a better sandwich from my play kitchen as a 3 year old.  My wife ordered a burger medium well.  It came out about as rare as I've ever seen meat.  At this point though we had been waiting for so long she just went with it.  To put in perspective how terrible this place is, this is the first time I have ever signed into yelp and wrote a review, and I would consider myself a serious foodie.  Bottom line:  If I owned a gun, and was walking in a field with a "peculiar rabbit" just ahead of me.  I would shoot that rabbit dead.  This place is terrible.
5	Had dinner before performance of Wicked.  We were really pleased. The PEI mussels were outstanding, the oyster PO boy was very good, and the ribs were very tender. And to top it off, the service was good, and the place is very cool and updated.
1	Basically it turned out to be just like the reviews said. We waited 45 minutes to sit and we noticed open tables but didn't dare want to sit upstairs bc it was super loud and we noticed everyone waiting an obscene amount of time for their food. Everything on the menu sounded like it was going to be really good but was just "meh" not a lot of flavor. Our dessert was some banana bread thing with ice cream and banana. They forgot the banana and the banana bread was hard as a rock and burnt. I would just skip this place all together
2	So, the food was good, not great, but I'd go back to try other things on the menu if the rest of the experience was great, but it wasn't.  I had the chicken and waffles upon suggestion from our server.  The chicken was a bit salty and dry, but I'd give other things on the menu a shot, it looks like there's potential.Peculiar is the perfect word to describe our overall experience.  Our party of three arrived and was told there would be a 30-45 minutes wait (for inside or outside) and that all the bars were open if we wanted a drink.  My friends suggested we go to the rooftop where I would be able to take in the skyline (I was visiting Charlotte).  When we arrived upstairs, we noticed that nearly every table was empty.  So, we thought that maybe they weren't seating dinner on the rooftop (it was a nearly chilly March evening).  We asked if we could sit at a table while we waited for our table for dinner and were told no, that we would have to see the served to be seated.  Whaa?  So, after about 20 minutes of waiting, one from our group went back downstairs to ask about seating, since there were clearly (dozens of) empty tables and clearly people waiting.  She was told that the 'kitchen asked them to slow things down since they're fully booked.'  About four minutes later, the hostess came upstairs and invited us to sit at the vacant table we had been standing next to for 30 minutes.  We then had a hard time reading the menu and navigating our meal because there wasn't much lighting.  I mean, shame on us for sitting outside?  Peculiar, indeed.By the time we left, the rooftop was pretty packed with people getting their weekend drink on.I mean, I get if the kitchen doesn't have the capacity (maybe), but it seems like a better approach would be to not allow dinner guests on the rooftop and offer it as a place for drinks/to wait.  The whole experience was just bizarre and left us wondering what was really going on.
2	We went here because the building looked really cook and it had a roof deck.  I orderd a chicken bri salad.  It was ok but the salad had 4 ingredients lettuce, chesee, chicken and bacon.  It tasted good but I honestly never had a salad with so little ingredients.  MY girlfriend had a breakfast sandwich with home fries which was small and overpriced.  The view on the roof made this place fun but the food was overpriced for what you got.
5	Hands On Charlotte held an event to view the Wells Fargo Lights.  The food was great, the atmosphere was great and Chelsea and Thomas took awesome care of us.
5	Such a great night at peculiar rabbit! The soft pretzel appetizer was garlicky deliciousness. Cristi, our awesome server, suggested the trout and the schnitzel, and her recommendations did not disappoint! She was spot on - the trout was amazing, and the schnitzel was so comforting on a nice cool night. We sat on the patio and enjoyed the sunset. The atmosphere was totally fun. Prices were very reasonable. We were just visiting to look at houses this weekend but we will be back when we move here permanently this summer!
5	Had awesome service from JP ( my new favorite person!) and a great time at super better than bad trivia!
4	My friend and I went here for her birthday lunch.  We had an awesome waitress named Elizabeth she was busy but super nice and fun the whole time.  The food was GREAT...loved the seafood soup.  We will return again for the PAINKILLER.
5	Loved it!  1st time but I will be back. Rooftop seating with Rachel was great!!!  With 3 floors to choose from you cant go wrong.   $4 mimosas to start the meal off. Had the Mediterranean plate and so did my friend. We both loved it!  Cant wait to go back.
3	Ambiance good. Service was good. Location is close to shops and boutiques. Food was ok. Bland omelette, grits. Pancakes were great! Sundays brunch mimosas are 4$!!!!
1	This is such a cute little place but the food is HORRIBLE and the service is even worse. We went for brunch and had to wait an hour for a table that was open the whole time. My omelette was greasy,y friends salad had wilted brown leaves and the vehicles was cold- they the salad and it was still bad.. They told us they took it off the bill but they still charged for the added chicken. Service was horrible. The tables around usWe're left messy too while the hostess just looked at them.I have asked many people and they have all said how bad this place is but the location and facility is nice.
4	The other night I was out with several coworkers after a long day of work and suggested we try out the Peculiar Rabbit. I had visited the restaurant almost a year ago and had a mediocre experience. However I thought I would check it out again to see if things had improved. To my surprise we all had a great experience! We sat on the rooftop at a large table that was accommodating for our whole group. The table had an excellent view of the Charlotte skyline and there was a nice breeze. Our bartender Matt was extremely amicable and friendly. He was very knowledgeable about the menu and made several great suggestions for beers and appetizers. Overall all a great time and will definitely be back again.
1	Way over priced.  $26 for a piece of tough meat with some onion rings and fries on the side.  Don't be fooled by their tactics to lure you in with coupons and offers.  They very rarely offer what they advertise.  Too many great places in plaza midwood to waste your time here.
3	I met a group of friends here and decided to give this place a try. I ordered a salad that was very good! It had Bibb lettuce, pears, candied walnuts, blue cheese, with an apple cider vinegar salad dressing! The service was great and this is also a great place to hang out with friends because you can play pool or sit outside. This place has plenty of space!
1	Wanted to try this place out since I've heard a number of good things about it, assumed it was worth a try.  Worst place I have ever been to!  First off, the hostess forgot about us when we stood there for 20 mins. waiting and seated another couple before us as soon as they walked in.  Our waitress was awful, she was more concerned with hanging out with her friends at the table next to us.  We had to wait for over an hour for our food, and even the food was awful!  Will seriously NEVER come back here again.  WORST experience I've ever had at a restaurant!!!
3	I've visited Peculiar Rabbit a few times for drinks and food and have had an OK experience up until recently. My last two experiences here have been a bit of a let down. The first happened on New Year's Eve. A group of us arrived shortly after midnight and there weren't too many people inside, so we assumed that the bartenders would be happy to get business. That was not the case. The bartenders made it clear that they were not happy to be working and were simply waiting for us to leave. A few months later, my husband stopped by for appetizers and drinks on one of the first nice Saturdays of Spring. We assumed that it would be crowded and that we'd have to wait for a table since it was both a Saturday evening and it was nice out, but it was worse than we expected. There were several open tables, however, the hostess told us that it would be a 90 minute wait to seat the two of us. When we asked about the open tables, she informed us that they were low on wait staff...on a Saturday night...during March Madness. After waiting for a while and listening to the wait staff that was there fight and complain, we left along with many other groups that were waiting. The location is great and the food is good, so hopefully the next time we stop by, the service will be better.
4	Knowing that it was going to be an awesome Saturday evening weather-wise, I booked our first reservation on OpenTable for the Peculiar Rabbit, hoping to dine outside.  When we arrived, the hostess "couldn't find" our reservation (but OpenTable was quick to send me an email later letting me know that I didn't show up for the reservation I made), and we were seated in a "dining room" in a side room off the first floor, back in the very corner.  It was great for conversation in an otherwise noisy bar/restaurant, but the room had no atmosphere whatsoever.  It felt like a cafeteria dining room, and put an immediate damper on our first impression/visit.  We stuck with it, though, trying to make the most out of the situation.  We started with the pretzel bites appetizer because it came with a "beer cheese dipping sauce."  You only get a tiny ramekin of "dip," which was actually just the beer cheese soup.  (Our server did kindly bring us more upon our request, though.)   I assumed the beer cheese dip would be different than the beer cheese soup since they'd require different consistencies, but since I'm not a professionally trained chef, what do I know?  I know not to order them again or recommend them, that's what I know.  The pretzel bites were a bit greasy and we realized that we had to ask our server for napkins/silverware, which the hostess neglected to give us upon seating us.  (Seriously--is checking off reservations, seating people, and bringing them menus & silverware too much to ask of one person?  Is it too much to remember?)My partner ordered the Vegetable Wrap and loved it.  I ordered the Lamb Burger and loved it.  It was juicy and had a lot of flavor.  As a side, I went with French Fries, and they had a lot of flavor, too.  They had a crispy coating on the outside and were an excellent complement to the burger.  Having never dined at the restaurant before, I asked our friendly server Christian about the other floors of the building.  He told us about them and recommended we walk up to the rooftop for the view.  The second floor wasn't that great for dining, but when we got up to the rooftop, we loved the view and saw open tables.  Why wasn't this an option for us?  So because the food and service was great, we'll return, but we'll know what to do next time.
2	This place could be awesome - smack dab in the center of Plaza Midwood and great patio and building. The food blows. It's bland and boring and just, bleh. I've been there twice and nothing was spectacular or even worth finishing. The crowd there is also weirddddd
2	Went for dinner last night after Veg Fest. We were seated right away but were seated at a dirty table. The hostess cleaned it right away when I pointed out the food still on the table. When our waitress greeted us she told us how she didn't want to be there and how it sucks to work Saturday nights.  I ordered the cheeseburger-cooked medium and my friend ordered the lamb burger.  My burger was well done but the lamb was good. They were also out of the first three beers we tried to order.  I tried to like this place and this is my third time eating here and most likely my last. I wish they trained their staff better.
4	We had a great brunch this morning! The menu for Sunday brunch is fabulous! My husband had the American breakfast! He enjoyed it very much. Everything was cooked to perfection! I had the chicken, bacon, Brie salad. It was delicious. I had hoped for more bacon and Brie, but it was a delicious salad. I added a cup if fruit, $4...a smidgen over priced for what I received. Too bad it was before noon on a Sunday. We couldn't drink...but we look forward to going back again sometime that we can!
3	Charming place in Plaza Midwood. Three levels, or three and a half, with a rooftop.Chelsea, our server, made a recommendation of the "veggie wrap, add chicken." This was excellent.The chairs in the dining room, when moved, create a loud and irritating sound. This should be remedied.The extreme high pressure faucet in the upstairs men's room may as well be a fire hose. This should be remedied.The surveillance monitor in the men's room is fascinating. This should be duplicated.FANTASTIC rooftop view.Mimosas for $2 or $3 on Saturdays is a great deal.Slightly overpriced otherwise.
2	Let me begin by saying if you are looking at the menu here on Yelp, or if you venture over to their website to look at an entirely different menu, surprise!  Once you actually get there you will find yet another menu.  So, if you are looking for something in particular that strikes your fancy, don't get your hopes up, it's probably no longer on the menu.  Wait you may say, the menu probably changes often?  No!  According to our server (who was excellent) the menu hasn't changed since she started in February.  We decided only to have several small plates and share..some were hits, some not so much.  I think we all agree the Disco Fries were the best thing we had and the Beef Wellington was really good, but it would have been nice to note on the menu somewhere it was actually de-constructed Wellington.  The pulled pork slider with a sugary glaze on the bun was just weird, some heat or spice to counter the sweetness would have been really nice.  Too bad the wait at Soul was so long, I know at that place, the food is done right!  Live and learn, next time it will be worth the wait.
2	Average bar food and incredibly over-priced for what you get. The menu items are not as described. Great atmosphere, stay away from the food, go for drinks only.
3	I am from out town and stumble into this fantastic restaurant for a quick lunch. My server, Shaun, was great. He knew the menu and made several suggestions but I ended with salad to start off. The sherry vinaigrette dressing was made from scratch and was awesome. I chose the fantastic  Fish and Chips. Huge portion and I had to take half of it home. Shaun presented me a desert menu but nothing was to my liking. I had asked my server if I might find something lighter for desert that was nearby and he took the time to consult with his coworkers. He came back and suggested a place right around the block. I really appreciated him going the extra effort even-though it took away from his sales. Would defiantly recommend this place and be sure to ask for Shaun.
1	I really wanted to like this place.  I had the fish and chips.  The fish was huge but was all breading.  When I bit into it, there was raw batter inside.  The waiter was very nice and returned it.  When I received the second try, it was done but very greasy and still a lot of breading.  It was almost as if they were trying to fry it inside a huge hushpuppy.  Needless to say, I left it as well as my desire to return.
4	Jim Beam Honey & Ginger Ale is delicious and People's Porter for $3 was awesome.Bacon wrapped figs- Yummy.Shrimp & Grits and blackened grilled salmon was very good.For a 4th of July buzz there wasn't a huge crowd at 6pm but I expected a bigger crown. Our waiter was unique in a good way. He was very attractive and attentive. He knew the menu and offered suggestions.
4	Had Sunday brunch with my family.  Great selection.....better than on-line menu. $4 mimosas special!!!  Will recommentpd to friends and definitely dine again.
3	I have very much wanted to like this place, but sadly I haven't had either good service or good food when I have been here. I would have given two stars but since this is a fun bar location I bumped the overall rating up to three. The first time I went I had eggs Benedict which were entirely lacking - mostly cold and the hollandaise sauce was clumpy. Another time I went a friend ordered a side of toast that was not brought until almost 15 minutes into our meal. The last time I went I had coupons and asked the hostess if I could use multiple since there was no mention of combining coupons. She said they now had that stipulation in writing on the new coupons, and since mine was before that I should be able to combine. Of course when we got the check the waitress refused to apply more than one coupon. All that said I have never tried (nor am I tempted to) this place for any meal other than brunch.As a bar this place is fantastic - large beer selection, knowledgeable bartenders and solid views of the city.
3	The location is fun. It's not exactly uptown but that's why your there! Low key, no nonsense. The food is not great but it's not terrible. I have gone in and tried several things at once with a group and all rated it just about the same. The roof top bar on the summer is a HUGE plus!
3	My last visit to this place left me disappointed. Previously, I always ordered the salmon scramble for Sunday brunch. Despite it being a popular item, this week it was taken off of the menu. The waitress said that I could order the sausage scramble and add (not substitute) salmon for a $5 upcharge. I was being a diva and left. Advice: If it's not broke, don't fix it. On a positive note, anything with salmon is good here. They make mustard sauce in house, so sometimes it's stronger than others.
5	Good food and great service. Fun atmosphere.
2	I had high expectations for my visit to the Peculiar Rabbit.  I had found the restaurant on the renown National Eater heat map and after checking out the restaurants website and menu, I was very excited. The menu was a bit of a hodgepodge with everything from Shepherds Pie to BBQ Sliders to Chicken n Waffles, but there were several things that caught my attention. In addition, the view of downtown Charlotte from the rooftop looked amazing. Unfortunately, this was one of the most disappointing dining experiences I have had in a long time. Atmosphere- 1/1The view from the rooftop is amazing. It's one of the best views from a restaurant in Charlotte. Unfortunately it began to rain and we would be forced inside.  Inside still has a good feel to it, but we were clearly disappointed in the change. Food- 0.5/2*No matter what, this is where a restaurant needs to earn its keep and the Peculiar Rabbit fell way short of expectations. I had looked up the menu prior to coming and knew exactly what I wanted. However, the waitress informed us that the menu had changed and everything I wanted was no longer offered. The waitress recommended a few popular items, but had failed to try most of the menu. We ended up getting a burger and tacos. The burgers were said to be big 1/2 lb burgers with lots of flavor, it turned out out to be ok and small. There was no way it was 1/2 lb. The tacos were pretty good but they came with a side of bland rice and a black bean paste on top that looked completely unappetizing. The food was ok, but I was expecting much better.  I left still very hungry. Price- 0/1*Our meal was grossly overpriced. $12 tiny, bland burger? $15 for 3 small tacos and a terribly looking side? No thanks. I hate spending $30 for food I don't like and doesn't fill me up..  Service- 0/1*Listen, I'm not one to be overly critical of the service I receive. I just want a quality meal and somewhat attentive service. This was one of the worst service experiences I've had in quite some time. Here was our experience:-Waitress was friendly but not knowledgeable of the menu. -As mentioned earlier, the menu had drastically changed and was not reflected online. When I asked about a menu time that was no longer listed, the waitress informed me that they were no longer serving that. Often, I've experienced that the waiter/waitress will go make a special request to the kitchen, but not here. Wasn't a big deal, but a little disappointing. -As the rain came, we noticed ever other server came immediately to the assistance of their patrons. Our waitress didn't show up for 5 minutes. We were hesitant to get up without notifying her so that we wouldn't confuse the wait staff and sit in a place that we weren't supposed to. We were definitely a little wet by the time the waitress got back to us. -As we were moved to the bottom floor, our food came out a bit cold but not terribly. Since my burger came with French fries, I naturally would have liked some ketchup. Not our waitress nor anyone else came up to ask if we needed anything. I finally had to go to the hostess (who was very pleasant and helpful) and ask for ketchup. -We did not receive one refill the entire night. -Our waitress was not seen again after we moved to the bottom floor... Not once. -No wait staff or manager asked how we were doing and if we needed anything. -After we finished eating, our empty plates sat in front of us for 5-6 minutes as probably 20 wait staff walked by and did not offer to take our empty plates away. I finally had to once again ask the hostess for a little help in taking our plates and getting the check. It was the hostess who got us our condiments, took our plates and got our check.  I could have EASILY walked out without paying, no one would have noticed. It turned out we got lost in the shuffle during the move from rooftop to bottom floor. It happens, I understand that. But this was more than one waitress mix up, this was an entire wait staff that had no intentions of ensuring that we had a good experience. Once the mix up was identified, there was no one and nothing done to make us feel like a valued customer who regrettably got lost in the shuffle. Just barely a disingenuous "sorry." I've never not left a tip, but if there was ever a case this should have been it. I ended up tipping about 10%, which was generous and honestly should have gone to the hostess. I have a feeling that if I visited the Peculiar Rabbit again, I would have a better experience. The restaurant really does look fun, it's in a great location, great atmosphere, enticing menu, etc. But I will not be coming back to the Rabbit. I'd rather spend my money where I enjoy the food and am treated like a valued customer. Disappointing.If any staff from the restaurant would like to speak further about this experience, I would be happy to. Feel free to contact me through Yelp at this time. Thank you.
1	New menu as of late July14. We were there on its second day. The waiter kept telling us everything (we asked about) was great. We later realized he hadn't even tried the stuff yet. The calamari was like eating a Michelin.  We sent it back (its gotta be awful for me to send it back).  The waiter then recommended the cheese board (no price listed). It was pretty decent...until the bill came. All other apps were in the $6-10 range. Cheese board: $38!!!  WT...  Shady!  Burgers were OK but two times here was enough for me. Much better spots in CLT...and more affordable!
2	We were so excited to try this place out for our anniversary,  only to be disappointed and ready to go after 20 minutes!  Service was okay, Food was okay,  kind of bland and the music was too loud to hear ourselves talk. Probably a first and last for us!
4	The food has always been good when I go; however, the views from the rooftop are what keep me coming back.  I'm usually not one that likes to sit outside with the sun beating down on me while I eat but I'll make an exception for this place.  If you're able to time it for when the sun sets behind the skyline it makes for an even better experience.  The last time I went to the Peculiar Rabbit I had their meatloaf which was really good.  They pan fry it before plating it which adds a nice crisp texture to the meatloaf.  We had tried the artisanal cheese plate as an appetizer and it was also really good.
2	I've been here twice now and I'm not impressed. The food isn't bad but there is nothing special about it either. I definitely won't be back unless someone makes me.
2	Nice atmosphere. Rooftop is nice but there are no umbrellas and there is no shade, so you can't comfortably sit there in the heat of the day. The food is pretty bland. The calamari was flavorless. The salmon burger I had was just ok. Everyone at my table felt that the food was bland. They do have nice drink specials, which is a plus.
3	The Peculiar Rabbit, or I as I call it... the funny bunny. No matter what you call this place we can all agree on one thing: the real reason to come here is the rooftop patio. #AmIRight?! Tremendous view of our gorgeous uptown skyline. I think it beats Whisky Warehouse based just on layout and setup.Foodwise, the menu can vary because of PR's farm to table concept. I really like that. Our latest visit here we ordered calamari. I wasn't a huge fan of the breading. A squeeze of lime drastically made this better. I ordered the watermelon feta salad. Simple, clean, fresh flavors. My friend got the chicken and waffles. Holy, it looked like an entire chicken was on the plate. A-OK is a good description for the food here. I've never had anything bad... it's just there is nothing that has been overwhelmingly impressive.I've only been here during evening hours, so I usually park across the street at the JLC Wearhouse. (Only when it's closed of course) I don't understand the whole reverse parking thing in Plaza Midwood. You can translate as, "I'm not very good at parking." I think The Peculiar Rabbit rooftop is a great place to grab drinks and apps for a date, a night out with friends or to kick off an evening. Because of the size and all the levels, it would also work well for a group dinner.
4	My wife and I stopped by for late drinks and appetizers last night and were impressed with the friendly service and the amazing rooftop views. We had company in town so we decided to drop by this morning to give brunch a try. While the servings were large and tasty, I think Peculiar Rabbit still falls behind Heist and Tupelo Honey Cafe for local brunch. That being said, the herb biscuits were definitely a standout, both in my wife's biscuits and gravy and my country breakfast plate. We will be back. Side note - front porch is super dog friendly; we saw a server bringing another customer's dog a large bowl of water.
5	Was here for a networking event, thinking it was just going to be regular bar food but was pleasantly surprised. The staff was very accommodating and pleasant. Great food choices and presented very well! Has rooftop seating with a great view of the city. Glad we found this place and are very excited to come back!
3	I don't really have anything terrible to say about this place. It was just okay.I was a little peeved that we asked to sit inside bc it was so hot out an the hostess sat us upstairs (where it was super hot) in the middle of trivia night that was "almost over" but lasted the entire time we were there (over an hour). Meanwhile the lower level had plenty of open seating.The atmosphere doesn't seem to match the pricing. The drinks and food seemed to be that of a nicer restaurant, but its a BAR. The food was good but not worth the cost.So I guess if you want to over pay for your food and drinks and sit in a hot bar, THIS is the place for you!
5	Had Sunday brunch order chicken biscuit, grits and gravy biscuit. The chicken has a nice crush and is a thick meaty breast. The grits are creamy and even better with cheese, they don't require butter. Finally, the biscuits are un-describably good; they seem to contain some herds. Great place to eat.
2	This place is good for grabbing a beer and maybe a late night snack... but we made the mistake of coming here for and early lunch on a Sunday. Five of us ordered omelets (mine had spinach and mushrooms). Worst omelets ever... Food delivered in 30 min, so all omelets were cold and rubbery. Also siphoned about 4 tablespoons of oil off of mine. Waitress was apologetic, but was very slow and did nothing. Eggs are not much of a culinary challenge... so not sure what was going on. Suggestion: Stick to the beer at the PR. Central Ave. has too many other great places to eat where they care about the quality of their food.
5	What?? 3 stars??? This is my first time here and I can't believe how amazing the food is!!     I had the peppercorn bistro steak and it was cooked and seasoned so perfectly that I would say it rivaled 5 star restaurants. Drunken mussels for an appetizer which were also "off the chain".  This place is not McDonalds cheap, but remember, the food is so perfectly prepared that it is worth far more than the menu price.  Don't forget what many other reviewers said... One of the best views of the city hands down, especially if you sit upstairs.  If you live in Charlotte or are visiting Charlotte, this place is worth a visit! YUM!
4	Great ambiance, the food was lovely, the DRINK SPRECIALS WERE AMAZING, and i love in the fall they have an outdoor fire place.  One of the reasons I love coming back to Charlotte so much.  It's hip, it's fun and the service was great.
3	Stopped in for a pint and a burger after a Friday Night run with the Charlotte Runner's Meet Up group.  Place is huge, with an outdoor patio and three floors of bar / restaurant space.  Lots of beers on tap - at least six local brews - as well as just about any mixed drink you could want.  I tried the Ghost Burger with the sweet potato mash.  Actually preferred the mash to the burger - the bacon slices in with the sweet potatoes were quite tasty!  The Ghost Burger itself was spicy but not outrageous.  A bit overcooked, but the grilled onions on touch were a nice touch.  Waitstaff was not great, but it was a Friday night so they probably were just prepping for a long night.  Prices were high - spent $20 for a burger and beer.  Would expect to pay about $10-15 for the quality of the food served.
2	Ummm...Ehhh....Meh...Blah. To be fair, I had friends in town so I was able to visit twice before deciding that this place as cool as it may "appear to be" is not my cup of tea. In fact, the second visit was worse than the first....good thing there was beer involved. My first visit I went with a pretty decent size group, we just went to have a few drinks and share some appetizers. There was no greeting, just stares....not even glances but  it looked like we inconvenienced them as soon as we arrived. Not a great way to start, we eventually make our way to a few tables upstairs and get some drinks...order some apps the crab cakes, fries and some wings. The food was fine (well the wings were pretty damn good) but after the crappy service we had it didn't make it worth it. Ugh. The next visit (one day later) was equally bad...again we sat upstairs, the waitress never came over we had to go get her, she told us more of what we couldn't have than what we could...she rushed through everything....was slow to refill our beer and overall it was just very weird and uncomfortable. One time, perhaps was a fluke...but twice....makes it the norm and I'll be glad to visit other places in the future.
5	Food is amazing got the lamb burger and possibly the best burger I have ever eaten. We got the drunken oyster appetizer and it was phenomenal. Service was great, personable server attentive and my beer was never empty. Only downside was that we came too early to sit on the rooftop patio but the street level patio was just fine. Highly recommended.
2	We've eaten here twice in the last 3 months. First time for lunch was great!  My husband had their version of Shepherds pie and he gave it great reviews! It wasn't the traditional pie he grew up eating in the UK.  Our second visit we ate around 10pm at night, I had the chicken and waffles and my husband a burger.  Chicken was over cooked/dry with a really dark almost burnt skin, and the waffle cold.  Our waiter was indifferent to our complaint about the food.The food is inconsistent,better places in the neighborhood to try.
3	I've been here twice, wasn't too impressed either time.  The food here seems to be perpetually bland. I don't know why. Maybe I just go on " off" nights?
2	Overpriced, complicated, hipster food. They try to take standard american bar food, fancy it up a bit, then slap a $$ price tag on it. Yes, the view is amazing; and yes, they've got a solid beer selection, but that's it as far as I'm concerned. After giving the place several tries, I would say from now on I'd stop by for drinks only.
4	A girlfriend was kind enough to invite me out with her to the Peculiar Rabbit to burn off a gift card that she had, otherwise I would not have ever visited (odd parking situations turn me off - I am an old lady).  I am so glad that she invited me outside of my comfort zone - what a great evening!The parking... yeah.  There are some parallel spots around the building, but at 5:00 on a Saturday, these were all full.   I drove around the block once to try and check everything out and ended up parking in one of the back-in spots (eek!) on Commonwealth.  When we left around 8:00, all spots everywhere were full - had I encountered that, I would have bailed and told her I caught a case of the plague.Even though we were meeting very early, I made reservations on Open Table on the off chance that everyone was going to be sick of family and turkey the Saturday after Thanksgiving and bum rush the place.  After 6:00ish, the place really picks up and they were slammed for the rest of the night that we were there.Very cozy ambiance, comfortable seating.  High top tables and chairs in the bar area, tales throughout the rest of the first floor.  I was seated immediately, even though I was early and the hostess asked if I wanted water and brought it back almost immediately.  Our waiter for the evening was Christopher (?) and he was right on top of things. My dinner was the Turkey Lurkey, which was a turkey burger with sage mayo, craisins and.... I don't know.  It was good.  Served with a side, I chose the mashed potatoes, which were fine, but the turkey burger was awesome.  Well seasoned and extremely juicy, YUM.  My dinner date is a vegetarian and they made the Holiday Risotto veggie friendly by omitting the turkey.  We split the Oreo truffles for dessert (balls of smashed Oreos covered with chocolate), which was served with glasses of milk.  Deeee-licious and so rich.  We sat there for a while eating and chatting.  Drinks were kept filled, our waiter was fantastic.  It was all around a great evening and I would definitely go again (early, so I can get a parking spot).
2	Up at the peculiar rabbit right now - good news is the beer selection is phenomenal, bad news is we are the only two people here. We ordered the deviled eggs, they were rubbery awfulness.  Won't be back.
2	I went to brunch this morning at Peculiar Rabbit and was very disappointed. The service was mediocre at best and despite not being very busy the waiter was especially slow. I ordered the chicken and waffles and for $16.00 was disappointed at the quality. While the chicken was good and the portion was large, the waffle was nearly burnt and quite hard. With all of the lovely brunch options in the area I would not return.
3	Since I've been to PR, their menu has changed for the better. Today I enjoyed lunch with friends. Service was good and the food was good-not spectacular but good. I had the curry chicken salad sandwich. I asked for not toasted but it came sort of toasted (or maybe it was just dry?) The kale salad was really flavorful but I detected the tell tale grit of greens not washed properly. Kitchen staff: please don't trust the greens you get from your food supplier Wash them!My friend's food was good-the fries were especially good. The collards not so good. The salmon burger got good reviews.
3	i wrote this post over a year ago and never posted it on accident............$6 mussels on a Tues night got us excited but they needed seasoning & the broth was flavorless.  The bread that came with it was undercooked & turned doughy when dipped. Toasted bread would have been better. I got the pork belly & the flavor was good but it was dry & stringy. I was hoping I could cut it with my fork but I def needed my knife. The brussel sprouts were under cooked. I also had to add salt to all of it! Not a good sign. My gf played it safe & got the burger, which she's had before. I refuse to eat their burger because I want the Kobe Beef burger Jackalope Jack's used to have. Why don't they have one here? I think I'm done trying this place for a while. I had the fried chicken & waffle another time I ate here & it is just a boneless chicken breast like u would get from the store. $18 for a chicken breast??? The flavor was good but if it came with a bone-in breast & thigh it would have been amazing! Might try brunch in the future. I heard it was pretty good. The waitress was nice.
2	I went for lunch the other day and had the reuben sandwich. It was awful. The bread was so soggy that when I picked up the sandwich it literally fell apart in my hands. I have been a couple of other times and the food has been bad every time. I want to like this place- the atmosphere is good, the waitress was nice (although she didn't seem to care about the disaster of a sandwich when I mentioned it), the fries were good, and they have a good beer selection, but the food has been consistently bad from my experience. It is kind of pricey for the food to be that bad. Peculiar Rabbit PLEASE fix your food- you can do better!
4	My Girlfriend and I want here Monday night 11-17 around 915pm. Quite empty, understandably,  grabbed a seat and was told that entree's weren't available only burgers and starters. Disappointed, (hence only the four stars) we had the beef tartare app. It was good. The bartender/server was great. Despite, closing up shop, she was nicer and more attentive then expected. I wish I knew about limited menu on website or kitchen closing time, however, good experience will have to go back to get my entree.
