5	Some of the best Italian food I have ever had in my life....honestly. On one visit I took one of my friends who comes from a huge Italian family and he swears it was the closest thing he has had to what his grandmother cooks. I have heard that the chef/owner worked in Italy so that can provide some explanation.  Very pricey but damn good food with a wine list that I drool over.The Pasta Fagioli soup is amazing and a must start to any meal that you have here but if you aren't into soups you can try the Antipasto Misto. Some of the freshest Italian meats I have ever had with great cheese and marinated artichokes!! I am a gnocchi lover and here it is so light and fluffy! The grappa sauce it is tossed in is out of this worldTheir house specialty is the Osso Buco but I always have to have the Costolette d' Agnello!! Oh my oh my!! 3 huge Colorado Lamb Chops that are flavored with rosemary garlic and balsamic....now I know why it is the most sacrificial animal in history...I would slaughter one if they ran out just so I could have it!! Wine: Great selection....must start of with a glass of Prosecco to get your appetite ready and then a glass of Barrel 27 Syrah or a half bottle of Clos du Val...goes great with anything on the menu.
5	Really good!  Came recommended by one of my associates.  Good old school service, great wine selection and wonderful food. 'Nuf said,5 stars!!!!!!!!! Well maybe not nuf said, I had butter lettuce salad w/ Gorgonzola,toasted walnuts and a perfect lite-balsmic dress, Lobster ravioli appy.  and a great Gnocchi w/  meat sauce.  Great bottle of vino, Italian, but I've forgotten which....oh yeah and grappa, lovely!!!
4	I like Ferraro's. It's a classy joint that isn't pretentious, and serves upscale, but not ridiculous, italian food. To me, it's a hard combination to get right. When you go to a nice italian restaurant, you could very easily pay a lot of money for very basic plates, or, on the flip side, a *ton* of money for fancy bullshit California-italian-nouveau food. At Ferraro's, you can get a nice experience, atmosphere, and food that you'll never confuse for the Olive Garden or some chic LA pan-italian-fusion place.Ambiance-wise, the place has low lighting, and can be very romantic, but can also work well enough for business or more casual meals. Service is usually excellent, and on most nights I've been there, Mimmo or Gino has been around saying "Hi" to people.It's not particularly cheap, but it's not outlandishly expensive. If you avoid falling into a classical multi-course italian meal, your check will end up very reasonable. There are a lot of italian restaurants in Las Vegas where you can impress a girl, or overpay for a decent (at best) meal, but Ferraro's makes it possible to go to a nice place and get food on par with what you're paying.
5	Holy mother of god!!  What an outstanding meal THAT was!!!  Thanks to Susan R for hooking me up w/ the link for $50 off cuz I probably wouldn't have tried this place out if I didn't have it.  You could easily spend $100 by yourself.  The guy at the table next to us did by ordering a half bottle of wine, crab cakes, osso buco and the crepes for dessert.  He also inhaled the whole damn thing but that's another story....How can you possibly beat homemade pasta???  You can't.  We opted for the pasta sampler for the appetizer which consisted of gnocchi, ravioli and risotto. I've never had gnocchi so tender.My wife went with their version of frutti di mare which was amazing and I went with the squid ink pasta w/ clams.  Did I mention how good fresh pasta is???The waiter even brought us a couple small desserts on the house which consisted of a small tiramisu and cannoli which was really cool of them.I guess the only thing that would hold me back from coming back here would be the price.  I'd be interested to see how it is for lunch.  I know we'll go back again before the coupon expires.  This is definitely the best Italian I've had in Vegas.
4	Great food, nice atmosphere. A perfect place for a date. The food is sometimes a little too salty for our taste though....
1	We went to Ferraros a year ago and the food and service were mediocre: however one of our execs wanted to go back this year because he felt the food was authentic Italian. Reservations were made for 8 for 7:30p. 31/2 hours before our reservation we decided we could not make our reservation. I called to cancel. I was rudely told by the manager that my credit card would be charged $50/person ($400) for cancelling less than 48 hours in advance, Who knows 2 days before that you will not  be able to keep a dinner reservation? I told her not to charge my card that I was not giving her permission to do so. I asked to speak to the owner and was told he would be available in 1/2 hour. I called back to have a very rude man tell me "his manager told him about me and that he had already charged my credit card. Then he hung up on me without even giving me a chance to say anything. I called back and he refused to speak to me. Needless to say I will never recommend this restaurant to anyone mainly because I was treated so poorly.
4	This is by far the best italian restaurant in Las Vegas! Everything is homemade and the veal is to die for. Its definitely worth leaving the strip to dine at this spot. It is a bit pricy, but its such good quality. I give Ferraro's a 91/100
5	Ferraro's is phenomenal in every way and is a must if you love authentic Italian food and superior service.  This was our 3rd visit and we plan on going back the next time we are in Vegas.  It is family owned and operated and it's obvious that they take great pride in the the food and customer service.  Our waiter was a handsome nephew from Calabria, who made sure our wine glasses were always full and was never away from the table too long.  My friend and I both started with the Insalata Mimmo...Heirloom Tomatoes, Avocado, Red Onions, Fresh Mozzarella, Extra Virgin Olive Oil, Aged Balsamic Vinegar in a Radicchio leaf.  Absolutely delicious.  The guys had Cesar salads and said they were great.  I had the Gnocchi di Patate with Pomodoro sauce and freshly grated Parmesan and it was perfect!   Our friends had Lasagna and Pappardelle Mimmo...which consists of Lobster, Scallops, Asparagus, Butter, Sage and Seasonal Truffles.  They both said their entrees were outstanding.  But the real star of the table was my husband's Osso Bucco, the specialty of the house.  O.M.G.  My Gnocchi was delicious but I kind of kicked myself for not ordering the Osso Bucco.   I kept sneaking pieces from his plate, which I normally don't do but yes, it was that good.Their wine prices are a bit inflated so we stuck to something inexpensive but with food that good, it really didn't matter.   And darn it, we were too full for desert :(And I can't forget the live music a few feet away from our table.  We joked that their band consisted of guitar, saxophone, piano and defibrillator, LOL!  But they were quite good in a loungey sort of way and it only added to the dining experience.
1	I agreed to edit my review if my dispute with Ferraro's restaurant was solved so here it goes. My dispute with Ferraro's restaurant in Las Vegas was on a charge of $400 for cancelling a reservation less than 48 hours before the time we were to be there. After lodging 3 disputes with my credit card company and finally having to have American Express' Advocacy Department call Ferraro's twice they issued an initial credit for $25 and later a credit for $125 (after the second call) for a total of $150. I have to give kudos to American Express for pursuing the issue, but mostly for making up the difference and crediting my account for the additional $250. That is why I have used American Express as my main card for over 30 years.
4	Lovely restaurant.Lovely decor.Fresh, lovely red roses at every table.FANTASTIC SERVICE.Even the bartender was very nice when we sat down at the bar. Our table was ready before we could order a drink but she was so sweet and had a great big smile on her face.The Caprese is to DIE for, I highly recommend it.The bread is soft and delicious.Being vegetarian, I was a little intimidated by the note at the bottom of the menu, asking customers to "Please Not Alter Our Menu"However, when I told the waiter I was vegetarian, he offered up a modification of their Risotto, with mushrooms and artichoke and snow peas included. It was delicious, and the perfect match to the Riesling wine I had just ordered.He was very polite, helpful and attentive.Cute too ; )The meal was a good price for a high-end Italian restaurant. I've had MUCH more expensive dinners here in Orange County, with comparable food but nowhere near as good of service as here at Mimmo's.Very lovely.Made for a very nice and romantic 21st birthday dinner.
3	I have mixed feelings about this place. I heard that they had great osso bucco here and I went ahead and tried it the first chance I got. The shank was enormous like a Flinstone meal and it looked really good. It was good but that was it just good. I expected to get knocked off my feet. Maybe I just set the standard so high before even setting foot in this restaurant. A bit biased on my part. The service was good. I may have to try this place again and see.
1	I am sorry but this restaurant SUCKS. Food, service, everything was Horrible!!!At least this is my experience from the one and ONLY time I will ever go there.We started with the Calamari, which was fine if you enjoy eating or rather chewing on Lego tires and the pan sauted shrimp was overcooked and rubbery.My brother had the "Signature" Osso Buco and had to spit it in his napkin because it tasted so bad. As for the rest of our meals .. well they were not much betterAs a matter of fact we ended up going to Subway afterwards because no one really wanted to make a scene in the restaurant but it became a joke while we were in the car.... not that my dad appreciated that much, since he had paid a pretty penny to feed the eight of us. Anyway, the wait staff sucked. Never got any drinks other than water although we asked several times and they were always "coming".and to top it off it then took about 45min to just get our check.
5	This place is definately authenic italian cuisine.  I'm a chef in the city and know good food when I taste it and believe me, this place is GOOD! I've been here serveral times for dinner and once for lunch.  The decor is intimate and beautiful.  Wait staff is very attentive and tend to your every need.  Our server definately earned his 35% tip. I guess we all went home happy that night! I haven't had one thing bad here so I have nothing bad to say about it.. Good job Mimmo!
5	I still dream about the mushroom ravioli here.  This is really authentic delicious Italian food.  Very attentive and nice servers.  You can tell it is a place that is popular with the locals.  I found out about it from my boyfriend who always used to go with his dad, who heard about it from a friend... It's that kind of place.  We love love love it and I will definitely be going back.  Everything was delicious, but I went there six months ago and don't remember the other dishes we ordered.  No doubt I will be going back this weekend when I go back to Vegas.
3	Although the company I was with was excellent, the food was just ok. I was a little too salty for my taste. Maybe one day I will give them another try but still, it was just eh...The piano player was excellent and the wait staff were great. Just wish the food wasn't so salty.
5	Authentic Italian food, GREAT service. Best restaurant in vegas imo. Definitely give this place a visit if your in the city.
2	Great nite fabulous food completely ruined by the owners ignorance as we exited this stereotypicly authentic Italian restaurant.
5	Ferraro's recently moved to a new location, and I think the ambiance has slipped a little as a result, but this was probably a 6 star review before and now it's a 5.  The food is still amazing.  My dad is a big fan of osso buco and he said this is one of the best.  I would definitely recommend the pasta I got, the Pappardelle Mimmo which is a seafood and truffle pappardelle.  We ordered a different ravioli this time and it was also delicious.  I would recommend the pasta here, even though the meat dishes are very good, the pasta is really where this place shines.  Oh and also there was a really beautiful soft mozzarella and prosciutto salad, but the menu changes seasonally so it may not be there when you go.Also as a heads up, the building is in a strip mall and doesn't look like much from the outside.  But I promise it is so great you won't even notice that the next time you go.
5	I had my wedding reception here 10/2009. This spot is perfect for a small gathering. We had 38 people. The food was stellar. There was so much of it too! The guests raved on and on about the food and the service and the atmosphere. It was intimate and authentic. I had some concerns because we had lots of vegetarians and picky eaters. Gino told me himself that he would make sure that everyone was happy and had an amazing meal and he was right!I was planning a wedding from out of town so I just had to put my trust in them. Greta (the staff planner there) made me feel so at ease. She is a gem and a pleasure to speak with. Everything she said made me trust her 100% and my trust was well placed. Whenever I started to freak out about a reception issue I called Greta and she put my mind at ease. I cannot thank these folks enough for helping me with the best night of my life.The best part too is that the price was perfect. Could not have asked for better. Thank you!
5	What a delightful restaurant. Professional service that is welcoming and attentive and excellent food. What more could you want?The Tiramisu is amazing.
4	Great service and good food!  The menu is somewhat limited but the food was very good.  The ambiance is nice and quiet enough for you to have a conversation with your party members.  I enjoyed my entree very much.The price is fair to a bit on the high side for the portions given.  Complimentary bread didn't taste fresh and being a bread guy, I would've liked freshly baked bread.
5	A recent trip to vegas, a vendor recommended if I like Italian food to take my wife here and wont be disappointed. He was definately right!We got there a little early, and it wasnt too busy. A lot of big parties were gathering here that night. We were sitted at Piero's table. Piero is absolutely the man when it comes to service. There are some restaurants that should take note. He is what made the dinner so fabulous in addtion to the great food. He came out with some 'special' appetizers, recommended a fantastic wine, and even had a little something extra for my wife. It was a great evening. I still compare service, and qualitity of the italian food at Mimo's to italian restaurants here in Arizona. We were taken care of from start to finish. Unfortunatley my wife and I have yet to find a restaurant that compares here in Arizona for fine italian dining and service. I recommended this to my boss who was there on business recently, and also agreed this place is top notch.
1	This was a stuffy old restaurant on the west side with stuffy, old customers who got destroyed by Nora's and had to move.  Great idea!  Let's get dj's and stay open late and open across the street from the Hard Rock so we can be "cool and hip".  Let's have a "tapas menu" full of things that are not tapas, but appetizers.  We'll call them tapas cuz tapas are cool and hip right now.  Not.Still an overpriced, unimaginative menu.  This place is not and will never be cool.  The wine and food are way overpriced and hum-drum and the room is a bore.
4	For $10 to charity, young professionals got a free bellini and passed hors d'oeurves, but since a few guys in the group don't like bellinis, I got THREE free bellinis!  So let's just say I love bellinis, and that was yummy!  There were various passed appetizers but my absolutely favorite were the arancini (risotto balls) with truffle essence!!! MMMM I knew right away there were truffles in them!  I had 3, but as everyone around me said they could not have a fried item out of guilt, I started to slow it down :)  So four stars for bellinis, truffled arancini, hosting a charity event, and not kicking us out of our special area by the bar long after the event.  Usually places do that, and the happy hour was 7-9, but I left close to 11.  I am not the biggest fan of Italian food in general, but I would probably go back for more arancini and maybe to try something else.  The location is convenient!
5	I was on a recent trip to Vegas with friends from all over the West Coast and we culminated our weekend with dinner at Ferraro's.  The restaurant is cozy, they have an extensive wine list, and despite the "dressed up" atmosphere, the vibe is relaxed.  The food was great!  Simple Italian preparation with tons of flavor.  I had the Veal - the meat was juicy and tender, and the sauce was deliciously tangy.  I ordered the Grilled Asparagus as a side, which was perfectly cooked.  Everyone in our table enjoyed their meals as I heard a lot of yum-yum noises throughout dinner.  Paolo took care of us and was very helpful with wine suggestions (the Chianti he recommended went beautifully with my dish).  At the end of our meal, Paolo surprised us with complimentary dessert!  We each had a tiramisu and canoli - light yet luscious and tasty!  This next part of my review is all about customer service.  Aside from being charming and attentive, Paolo went above and beyond his job description.  He called us two cabs (there were 10 of us) to take us to the Luxor after dinner.  One came and turns out, the second one never arrived.  When our friends finally met us later, they told us that Paolo ended up driving them to the Luxor!Ferraro's is definitely a must-visit every time we are in Vegas!
4	Okay, I'll admdit it, we're Italian food snobs - and the thought of eating in a strip mall in Vegas, well, it was a bit hard to handle, but we were staying at the HRH across the street, so hey, what the heck.Well, all I can say is Ferraro's was dynamite! Totally exceeded all of our expectations.  We wanted to sit outside next to the fire pit, so we had to wait a while in the bar - the bartenter was so helpful, and they had some very nice wines on tap, including a lovely Montepulciano.Then we moved outside for dinner, and they continued to exceed our expectations!  We couldn't decide on a dish, so we went with a variety of the Italian "tapas" (probably 40 choices in all).  Had a wonderful arrancini with truffle cream sauce (so rich!), wonderful polpetti di nona, some very nice grilled vegetables with goat cheese, fritto misto (excellent and not at all greasy), and a grilled sausage (probably the low point in the meal).  Everything was wonderfully prepared and plated - not at all your typical American/Italian generic slop, and not what you expect from Vegas or a strip mall, but who'se complaining?We'll defnitely go back, and so should you if you're in Vegas, baby!
5	Staying at the Hard Rock, your food options are limited to either cheap and tacky(Lucky's and Pink Taco), or overpriced and overrated (Rare 120, Nobu).  A short walk across the street allows options galore! Based on Yelp reviews, my SO and I went out for our first Italian restaurant dinner that wasn't wood-fired pizza in YEARS. Sure, I order italian style food at French restaurants, but a honest-to-goodness Italian resto hasn't been of interest. I can make pasta at home any day. The service was 10 star worthy, making sure every detail was perfect, despite our "wine by the glass" type of night vs the huge table of big-tipping Italian men. For starters, I got a half portion of gnocci in gargonzola sauce and the toothiness was perfect. There is not a doubt that it was made within the day.  The specials of the evening were a whole fish, deboned table-side or a poached fish. So as not to offend the non-fish eater, I got the poached whitefish.  My French is good enough to know that Beurre Blanc sauce and what the fish was poached in means butter! Between that and the amazing bread basket with butter I probably ate a whole stick. But, what is eaten in Vegas, stays in Vegas, non?
4	I've got a bone to pick.I had always heard rave reviews about Ferraro's, but just never made it.  I guess it's that everyone says that Ferraro's Osso Buco is THE best.  For me, when I see Osso Buco on the menu, that is what I get.  I love the stuff and would eat it every day if I could.  But, I also don't want to be disappointed, as I've had waaay to many  bad instances.Let's start with the wines.  After much discussion with our waiter, who either was very knowledgeable or was pushing stuff the restaurant hasn't been able to get rid of (I do give him the benefit of the doubt and think he was quite educated), he recommended the 2003 Palari Faro.  I hadn't even heard of the grape, let alone the region it comes from.  It was enlightening and tasted pretty good, too.  For a second bottle, I ordered the 2001 Pio Cesare Barbaresco.  This was a relative bargain on the wine list.  Over all, I have to rate our server pretty high for his expertise and ability to navigate the list.  Where I have to subtract is from the wine service itself.  While our glasses were never empty (definitely a good thing), our server continuously poured wine to top us off.  It felt rushed.  I would have liked to see the bottom of my glass at least once.Anyway, I'll skip to the food...that IS why you're reading this, right?  We order three appetizers:  (1) Carpaccio Torcello, which is basically beef carpaccio - the color and texture exude freshness, like it definitely wasn't sitting pre-sliced in the cooler for days (like at some other places).  It was good; however, it just didn't have enough beef flavor for my taste.  (2)  Carpaccio di Tonno (tuna carpaccio) - this was really fresh and the accompanying salsa-looking mixture was refreshing.  The tuna itself had a nice crust that gave the tuna an earthy aroma and flavor.  (3) Burrato, Proscuitto, Rucola - this was like a salad with melted mozzarella and proscuitto.  Interesting mix of crunchy, creamy and chewy.  Good stuff and my favorite of the three.For dinner we had the...Osso Buco.  All three of us.  The shank was nicely tender, which is where too many places fail miserably.  IMHO, it could have been a little more moist, but soaking the bites in the sauce definitely made up for that.  The sauce was really nicely done and very balanced: it was rich but not overwhelming, it wasn't salty but had good flavor and, most importantly, it did not counteract with the wines.  Impressively done.  The grains on the side (I can't remember what it was called) were crunchy on the outside and soft in the middle and was a nice complement in texture to the rest of the dish.  Ah, but how can I end the review without mentioning the bone marrow?  I picked that bone dry.  It was buttery and fatty and just was astounding with the flavor of the sauce.  My companion never ate marrow before, but convinced him to give it a try.  While I don't think he's completely hooked, I did see him picking a lot of marrow out of that bone.
5	We were staying at the Hard Rock and were tired of their restaurants (very mediocre), so we hopped across the street to Ferraro's. This place was outstanding. The bread came with an excellent oil/pesto/vinegar mix. The carpaccio appetizers were wonderful. I got the house specialty Osso Buco, and the waitress was not kidding when she said no knife is required. It melted and was outstanding. I tried some of my friends' food (boar+pasta and a spinach ravioli something or other), and they were great too.... Excellent beer selection, and a wall full of wines. The wait staff were extremely attentive, knowledgable, and a lot of fun. Even if you're not staying at HRH, you should catch a quick cab from the strip and come try this place out. You wont be disappointed.
4	Used to head out to the old Flamingo location a few times a year but with the new location accross from the HRH I frequent about once a month - usually for lunch.  One of my favorites for taking clients as the pace of service, food quality, menu selection, and portions are just right for a business lunch...Nothing particular stands out on the menu as "must have" but teh osso buco and pastas are all winners and have had a few very good fish dishes...its on my list of regular places to go.
4	A little pricey but if you go on wed.(1/2 off the entire menu if your a local). We sat at the bar & everything from the service to the food was good. We plan on going back again...(only on a wed. of coarse).
5	Was very excited to visit Ferraro's for the first time last night.  Although I've lived in Vegas for 17 years, I've never been to Ferraro's.A good friend was hosting a party there to celebrate the launch of his new company.  For hors d'oeuvre we were served slices of Cheese Pizza, Sausage Pizza, Risotto Balls, and Sausage w/Marinara Sauce.....all of them were awesome.Once we were seated, we were served Gnocchi w/Marinara Sauce & Penne Pasta with Bolognese Sauce for Appetizers.  For a Salad we were served a salad w/Heirloom Tomatoes, Mozzarella, Balsamic Vinegar, Avocado, and Red Onion.....this was soooo good too!  For an Entree, I chose the Filet w/Wild Mushrooms in a Veal demi-glaze reduction while the Better Half chose the Fresh Seabass.....a couple of friends ordered Ferraro's World Famous Oso Buco......we loved them all!And to finish the dinner, we had Tiramisu & Cannolis....what!!!  I think I died and went to heaven!Plus the wine was free flowing all night long.....I can't remember how many glasses I put away.....ha!I hate to sound like such a Homer, but this was a really really good experience from beginning to end.Will I return?  F-U-H-G-E-T-T-A 'B-O-U-T I-T!
5	Exceptional food and equally exceptional service.  This is a great restaurant and being just off the strip is an added bonus.  As much as I love Italian restaurants - it is not very often that I actually order pasta for dinner.  All I can say is thank goodness Ferraro's is not in my home town - I'd be as big as house.  Their ravioli's were simply amazing.  Hands down - the best I've had.  We split their ravioli special as an appetizer (which I'd highly recommend doing) and then had their veal chop which was also great - but the ravioli's were the star.  This is a must try for when you are in Las Vegas.
3	I first entered the restaurant and I was very surprise to see it busy on a Wednesday night. I enjoyed the atmosphere. We sat down and immediately after received menus. The food was fantastic. I really was expecting very service. our waiter was friendly, polite, but did not pay much attention to details and to the table. Our food came and He came back to check on us when we were almost finished. I would go back to try it again.
5	Seriously the best italian food in America.  The lobster risotto is to die for, and as the others say the Osso Buco is amazing.  Ask for Walter- no shit
3	With big thanks to Misti (Yelp LV's manager), I got a VIP card to this place which is 25% off drinks and food for a lifetime...YES, L I F E T I M E!!! Friends and I were more hungry after the Elite party so, we decided to stay for more to nosh on. I ordered their ravioli stuffed with rabbit, I think. And my friend got the osso bucco. WOW WOW WOW the food was AHHHHHHMAAAAZING!!!! Everything was so rich and surprisingly fulfilling. Osso bucco was fall off the bone delish.THE RUB: OUR WAITER WAS HORRID! And this is the reason for the 3 star waiting. He seemed so impatient with our ordering that he just left our table without informing us that he'd be back. He took my friends still filled wine glass away without asking if she was done. He seemed sarcastic in the way he answered our questions. And even gave me attitude when asking what he recommended I order. He just seemed in a bad mood which didn't go over well with us considering the great time we had at the Yelp party at their bar/lounge area =(FAIL, Ferraro's, FAIL.
5	Went here last night for my 9-month anniversary with the boyfriend since they were having an incredible deal of 1/2 off all food for locals. Needless to say, we splurged anyhow! The service here was absolutely top-notch. We never had to ask for anything whatsoever. This place is class class class all the way. The ambiance was very soothing and romantic. But the food was the true star of the show, and man did we go nuts. We got two appetizers - risotto balls and the caprese mozzarella, tomatoes, and basil. Both were absolutely delicious beyond all comprehension. The caprese - my god. The amount of cheese you get with this appetizer is mind-blowing. The only problem I had with the risotto balls was there wasn't enough, and it's not ideal for sharing because there are 5 of them - make it even! Six would have been ideal, especially for the regular price ($14 - ouch, but sooo worth it!). But I was a very good girlfriend and split the 5th one up evenly instead of devouring it myself ;DWe also split a house salad, which wow - this thing would have been enormous if I would have had it on my own. Heirloom tomatoes and the right amount of dressing made this dish delicious, and I'm glad I got my greens for the day! Our entrees were also ridiculously huge and I'm amazed that I finished every last bite. I got the gnocci with vegetables, and there was an excellent ratio in my dish, about one veggie per gnocci. Very tasty but once I got toward the end of the dish I realized it was just a teensy bit on the salty side, but still very delicious. Matt ordered a ravioli dish that he enjoyed very much. Even with all this food and being full beyond all reason, we couldn't pass up dessert - white chocolate raspberry creme brulee. The presentation was amazing and it was beyond delectable. I am very happy we decided to change up our Dad's Grilled Cheese anniversary ritual for Ferraro's. From the setting, to the service, to the food, everything was absolute perfection. I will definitely be coming back again!
2	I have always been of the adage when it comes to restaurants that you need to go twice before you can truly judge service and food. I completed my second experience on September 10th and the verdict is in..I will NEVER go back. On my first visit to the "new" Ferraros was in August. The chopped salad was great as was the always reliable Osso Buco. However, our waiter was pushy and rude. We ordered for the table the Calabrase appetizer and when it was brought, it was raw. Our petulant waiter took it back and 20 minutes later brought us one that was so overcooked it could have been sawdust. The rest of the meal was good. Last Friday we went back to take advantage of the advertised locals specials. When we arrived we went for a cocktail and I asked the maitre de if we could sit at 630 as we were going to see Cheap Trick at 800. He sighed as he looked at his EMPTY restaurant and with said ok. We sat down for dinner and ordered the chopped salad again (terrific) and asked about specials since we had looked at the menu at the bar and were ready to order when we sat. He told us about a pasta and the Dover Sole which he said was terrific. I asked him about the preparations for the Veal Chop and he said it was better over arugula salad then with cheese and tomato sauce. My wife decided on Salmon and I said ok to the Veal Chop over Arugula.. Time went by and now it was almost 730 when our food finally arrives with my wife getting the salmon and the waiter bringing me the Dover Sole which I DIDNT order. I had to remind him of our conversation when he finally admitted his mistake.Since I didn't have time I ate the Dover Sole which was good, but was bland and needed side dishes. When I went over to our favorite Maitre'd, he said he would look into it as I told him about the previous visit. He then never came back to me to explain. Of course they took the mistake off the bill;, but the attitude was unacceptable. I am sorry, I can't go back no matter how much I like the Chopped Salad or the Osso Buco. They should have stayed at Flamingo and Jones where the service was terrific but this move has been a disaster
5	My wife and I had dinner with our daughter here Sept. 11, 2010.  I asked for the best waiter in the house and got him!  Walter did a fantastic job!  This was our 2nd time to visit Vegas and the first time to visit Ferraro's.  We all had a wonder time and an excellent meal!  I chose Ferror's as I wanted to try out a local place and get away from the big hotels and casinos.  Ferraro's is about a 10 min cab ride from the Paris hotel.If you go and you really should, be sure and ask for Walter.  The ladies in your party will appreciate it!
5	I love Ferraro's! Fresh and clean tasting food. Lots of vegetarian options and awesome local discounts. On Friday and Saturday from 5pm-2am they have local appreciation night with 50% off all food!I usually get the grilled veggie platter with goat cheese and the Mimo's Salad which has mozzarella, tomatoes and TONS of avocado all chopped up with a balsamic glaze.The pizza there is outstanding. Thin crust and good sauce. I love Grimaldi's pizza but this is definitely on par and much closer to central Vegas.Other yummy orders: cheese plate (lots of variety!), eggplant parmigiana (little single portion), veggie caponata (like a ratatouille), fried rice balls with truffle and ALL the salads are awesome!Ive been here many times and the chef Mimo is always out greeting the customers which shows that this place really cares about locals and customer service. Head on out there, you'll love it!
5	Great bar service.Great table service.Great food.Great wine.Great company.Great evening.Ferraro's!  Fantastic meal.
5	Simply put, One of the best restaurants I have ever been to.  From the moment you walk in the door to the time you leave it is absolute perfection.  This was my first time going to this place, as I live in LA and was in town for a few hours for a business dinner.  My clients suggested this place as they have been frequenting the business for over a decade.As you walk in, you will see the many awards and accolades that this place has received on the wall to your right.  (The stretch from basically the floor to the ceiling lol) and the place is just warm.  on the opposite side is a family portrait (as this is a family owed restaurant.)  As you walk to the host stand I was greeted by everyone from the host to the servers which was very inviting.  My clients had not shown up yet so i sat in the lobby and waited till they showed.  Once we were seated the waiter was amazing.  Had an accent but explained everything very well and suggested one of the 3 specials for the night.  I cannot pronounce or even remember the name for that matter of the dish however it was 8oz of lobster, w mushrooms, homemade fettucini with a white wine butter/garlic sauce..BEYOND WORDS.  Was heaven in my mouth.During dinner Mimmo Ferraro came to the table (the son of Mr. Gino Ferraro) who was the Exec Chef? to check on everything.  Was a very nice touch of class. And then about 20 mins later Gino came to the table as well.  I love the personal touch of the service from the owners.  Tells alot about a business.I did not order desert, however next time i probably will.  This place is definitely on the higher end price wise but worth every single penny.Gentlemen if you are looking for a place to take your date, this would be a great place.  We had a pretty great dinner meeting, not to loud, great ambiance just overall this place gets a 10!!!This is my new spot in Vegas for dinner.  Cannot wait to come back.  Thank you Ferraro's for a delightful dinner experience.
5	This is probably one of my favorite Italian place in Vegas. Tonight we tried the caprese and the mozzarella was phenomenal.  Super soft and just the perfect amount of salt and pepper also.  The fried calamari (Fritto Misto)  was also perfectly done. I have always appreciate freshly made pasta, but the Pappardelle Mimmo was more than just the freshly made pasta.  I could tell the chef run the pasta over the pasta machine few extra times in order to get that perfect texture and thickness.  The sauce was amazing, I asked to be light on the butter and it came out perfect.  The scallops were not over done and finally there is someone who isn't stingy on the truffle.  I only wish I have a bigger stomach.
5	Thank you yelpers for steering me here for my 17th wedding anniversary.  It was a great dining experience.  Patrick, our server, offered excellent suggestions and if we go back to Vegas, we would definitely go out of our way to dine here.  Risotto balls are delicious but too much for 2 people - you definitely taste the truffle oil, so if not a big mushroom fan, probably not a good choice.  I really enjoyed them.  The chopped salad was the best I've ever had.  Main entrees;  had to get the osso bucco and it didn't disappoint.  Risotto lobster is a bit heavy and also features the truffle oil....but it is perfectly cooked with a good amount of lobster meat.  As for wine, the glass prices are pricey but the bottle prices seemed reasonable.  Armed with a restaurant.com certificate we didn't hesitate to splurge on our anniversary dinner, and it was worth every penny!
5	My favorite Italian restaurant in Vegas hands down. We always pony up to the bar and let the bartender Ricky suggest specials for us. Gorgeous restaurant with nice outdoor dining area and fire pit- some nights they have live music. Killer 1/2 off deal for locals fri/sat nights. My favorite is the Spaghettini Scoglio which has tons of shrimp, scallops, clams, calamari & lobster in a light tangy tomato sauce and the insalta Mimmo which has heirloom tomatoes, avocado, red onion & fresh mozzarella-- but, everything i've had on the menu (especially the steaks) are AMAZING.
3	It looks nice from the outside, and definitely tries to be classy and more on the upscale side. Locals come here often, the waitstaff mentions.The food? Meh. I think my expectations were set high, as it was mostly forgettable in my mind. I only remember the Caprese to be very excellent, though. Through a variety dishes from risotto, steak, osso buco, etc it was not as flavorful and tender as I was expecting.The experience on the whole was nice though, as I came here for a friend's birthday. I merely asked for dessert and the waiter gave a whole schpeal about how he's risking getting fired to give us a complimentary slice of cake for the birthday girl -- I'm not sure he was telling the truth or not, but I found it more annoying than flattering.He also called out a roaming magician to perform tricks for our table. I guess is night, but I felt a little invasive.Um, I guess it was alright.
5	I would like to say thanks to YELP for leading me to this wonderful restaurant.   The service was awesome, food awesome, and great atmosphere. The osso buco is one of the most awesome dishes they make.  It was tender, flavorful, and just great.  My wife had the lobster risotto and she probably should have had a half order because it is extremely filling and delicious.  At least we had some to take home.Our server was probably one of the top five I have ever had.   His professionalism is way above the best. Overall I stay away from the Casino restaurants and this place is one of the best places I have ate at in Las Vegas.5 Stars all the way!!
5	The environment is fancy and service holds some oldworld ways, but it's a place you can feel relaxed in. Maybe too relaxed- everyone got to witness me be break all decorum and go at it like a pig face. Hours after dining here I am still sitting food comatose, yet I'm thinking about food- Mimmo's food that is.  We were greeted by Gino himself and promptly taken to our table. The maitre d' starts off the old world hospitality I appreciate and sadly don't see much anymore. He pulled out grandmas chair, helped her out of her coat and hung in on her chair neatly, helped hang her bag and pushed her chair in. Started off with:Salsiccia Calabrese $8 (1 House made spicy sausage grilled, served withpeppers and tomato sauce) -  I love calabrese and it's not like I can buy it at the supermarket and love when it's made fresh. Lovely, a bit spicy and had a nice grill crispy char. Very simple, but sometimes that can be bad when you don't know what you're doing. This is definitely for sausage lovers. Arancini al Tartufo $14 (Fried rice balls with the essence of truffles with truffled cream sauce)- we had these at a Yelp Elite event and were trying to hock so many so fast I had ball burns....on my tongue...errr.... the truffle is definitely present so if you love that flavor profile, it's the star. I had their "House Specialty"- Osso Buco $41 (Veal shank braised in red wine reduction served with farro)- pretty yummy. Definitely didn't disappoint...it's a different variation than how I make it at home or the one I order at my favorite Italian place in LA, but a good version. I like farro, but I think I prefer risotto milanese still with my buco. The BF had Risotto Aragosta e Tartufo $36 (Italian vialone nano rice, lobster meat, seasonal truffles, mascarpone, truffle oil) Very nice. It was a large enough portion that he couldn't finish. Had a good amount of truffle (so not for someone who doesnt like that flavor since the are not shy about truffles here) and plenty of lobster chunks. It's rather rich of a dish that I definitely want to order this again, but I think the BF and I should half this and another more delicate dish to balance it. It's decadent and one of the best risottos I've had. Mom and grandma in law shared Costata di Manzo $42 (18 oz. porcini rubbed bone-in prime ribeye) We love Austins steakhouse and they think this was actually better in flavor. I think lies the difference in that it's natural grass fed beef and not conventionally raised. I took a bite and it was butterknife cutting soft. They also got two sides ($9 each): Mac N Cheese was lovely and I don't even like mac n cheese much and green beans was perfectly cooked and lightly flavored. Notice- in everyones food I'm putting MY input....I did say I was pigging out. It backfired in that I couldn't eat dessert later, but the food was lovely that it's worth sitting here having "the itis". It's my birthday so I can do what I want- Haarmmppfff. It's not like my family was gonna finish their food on their own. Our server is a professional, in a personal way. Attentive throughout, friendly in a sincere manner, informative on the dishes, good suggestions. Kudos to Edward (I'm starting to make a point to find out names of those who do their work well because a little kudos is deserved) - thank you for a lovely service and giving us a experience.On a random note that highly impressed me- they didn't forget the beer! Sure, they're known for their wine collection, they have cocktails and spirits covered, but their beer bottles are impressive. They have imports that are definitely a direct import because no distributor has these beers. I wish I didn't see that after when I was looking at the dessert menu (which is attached to the cocktails,spirits,  wine by the glass menu....bottle wine list comes out in the beginning of the meal so make sure to ask for this drink menu too) or else I might have debated to try to go for full comatose with a Nuova Saison. We went during the locals appreciation night and it was an AMAZING deal for that experience. We are already talking of coming back (BF wants to get the rabbit, I would love to have the tripe. Yes, it's a guilty comfort for me) possibly taking in their wine pairing experience and doing a Wednesday antipastini late night UYE in the future. This place reminds me very much of my dear Il Buco in Beverly Hills (my favorite place outside of Italy) and has the quality of homey yet indulgent recipes I've had the privilege of trying (and learning) in authentic Italian homes. My Nonna would approve of this place and she knew her food. .I can see this being a favorite Vegas establishment where we can take our visitors and come when we want to indulge. 25 years in Vegas and I sure hope there is 25 more.
4	locals appreciation Wednesdays 5p-2a 50% off all food...
4	The locals appreciation is now on Friday & Saturday from 5p until 2a...
5	Just learned of "yelp" and have enjoyed reading reviews of my favorite businesses. We've been Las Vegas residents for decades...and Ferraro's is one of our very favorite restaurants in town.  The environment is both very elegant and welcoming...you can absolutely let your hair down and have a great time, while being certain that everyone who works there is a professional. I read with great interest the comment posted by "Mike N" on 11/22....it stands out as such an anomoly among the reviews of this restaurant....and it always makes my ears perks up when someone says he never writes a review, then proceeds  to write a really negative one!  Some people only speak up when they have something negative to say...and for people like that, almost everything they say IS negative.  I am very glad to see that the overwhelming majority of reviewers are commenting on both the outstanding service and food -- beause that's what Ferraro's has.  We've been enjoying this restaurant since its former location on the West side...it is one of our highlights in the city.  My husband and I eat at Ferraro's at least once a week...and I can assure you that Walter and Piero, as well as the GM, Adam, Mimmo, Gino, Jeff, Rick, Ali, and everyone else are 100% professionals. We have truly never had an experience there that wasn't amazing...and we've had lots of experiences!!!  The osso bucco, halibut, sea bass, filet, raviolo (just to name a few) are on our frequent flyer list...as well as many appetizers that I won't mention because I don't know the proper Italian spelling.The osso bucco really is the very best I've ever had. Lobster diablo is another top 5....the list goes on and on. jThe extensive and reasonably priced wine list is also a plus. For anyone looking for Italian in Las Vegas, give Ferraro's a try...you won't be sorry!!!
5	Yelp has guided us so many times and it has never let us down!  We were very happy to have chosen Ferraro's our second night in Vegas.  The ambiance, the service and the food were superb.  Ferraro's is one of those restaurants that one certainly comes back to.
5	By far the best Italian food I have eaten in my life. I'm ready to come back to Vegas just to eat here multiple nights in a row! The food was outstanding and the service was too! We celebrated our anniversary here and they gave us tiramisu for free! Instead of having a salad we had their in house sausage that they make..the best i've had I do believe! I had a seafood pasta dish that was outstanding! My husband had steak and he said it was great! We can't wait to return to Vegas!
5	Ferraro's is our favorite off strip Italian restaurant in Las Vegas. We have been going here since it was a deli on south Jones back in the mid 80's. We really enjoyed the ambiance of the West Flamingo location and lamented its relocation. We've been to the new Paradise Road location twice and are still trying to warm up to it. Two things that have never changed, and in some ways have gotten better and better, are the food and owner Gino's hospitality. There are new menu items, a wider range of appetizers and side dishes and more nightly specials. My wife absolutely loves the melt in your mouth gnocchi, but last time it came with a gorgonzola cream sauce. She's not a big fan of gorgonzola so ordered something else, but this time it had a saffron cream sauce that was beautiful. I had the pappardelle mimmo, which was heavenly. Fork tender scallops, lobster, asparagus with butter, sage and truffle. If it wasn't a nice restaurant I'd lick the plate. We started with the mozzarella with parma prosciutto over arugula salad. The salad was a bit overdressed but otherwise was absolutely delicious. We ended the meal with a cannoli, a perfect topper to the meal. With three glasses of wine our bill came to $150, including tax and tip.
5	We dine at both local places and on the strip.  When dining at Ruth's Chris, on Paradise, we asked our New Yorker Italian-American waiter for a suggestion for GOOD italian food in Las Vegas.This was one of the places he recommended.Located directly across the street from the Hard Rock Hotel, on Paradise, we found Ferraro's to be a FABULOUS find.We shared TWO appetizers... absolutely heavenly.  They make their own fresh mozzarella (soft and creamy with the savory prosciutto)... and the balsamic glaze was sheer perfection!   Burrata, Prosciutto, Rucola    Fresh mozzarella with a creamy center wrapped   with Parma prosciutto over arugula salad   Caprese di Bufala 14   Imported buffalo mozzarella, heirloom tomatoes, basil,   extra virgin olive oil, balsamic glaze, pine nutsDinner... we went in two different directions:   Pappardelle Mimmo for me   Long wide pasta with scallops, lobster, asparagus, butter,   sage, truffle   Filetto di Manzo for my husband   Prime filet mignon topped with roasted peppers, mushrooms,   onions over arugulaMy pappardelle was delicious.  A lovely balance between the seafood, the light sauce, asparagus, and the truffles.  After having split two appetizers, I took home half of my main course.  My husband said his filet was perfect!  He is quite picky and is not afraid to express any disappointment or hesitation.Our waiter, Edward, was grand.  He spent time with each of us, explained the specials, the locals favorites, and asked about our preferences.  The additional table staff kept our glasses topped off, the bread replenished, oil and balsamic (and herbs) refreshed.Excellent, all the way around.  I recommend Ferraro's without hesitation and greatly look forward to a return visit!
3	I'm torn between giving Ferraro's a 3 or a 4... from a purely vegan value perspective, it's a little disappointing, considering that Italian food has many ways to be vegan without much modification.  Let me set the scene - nice ambiance, attentive service, zero vegan options.  Lots of vegetarian, but nothing vegan (with the possible exception of a salad.)  However, our server was on the ball and they rustled up some egg-free pasta in the back of the kitchen and left the ricotta off the linguine pomodoro.  I had the pasta ($19) and a glass of Sangiovese ($14), which made for about a $40 dinner with tax, tip, etc.  The pasta was pretty delicious I will say.  Definitely high quality tomatoes, olive oil.  Very simple but well executed.  But I felt like I didn't have $40 worth of dinner.  Bottom line - not worth it to me to pay that much for that little, but I would gladly go again if someone else were footing the bill or if I got in on the 1/2 off locals deal that Adina mentions below.  Everyone else in my party raved about their food, so if you eat eggs and cheese, you'll probably enjoy the food and feel like you're getting your money's worth.
4	So I took everyones rec an it's all true the mozzarella, osobuco, wine great, service was also great
5	Great modern restaurant with the service to boot.  Was in the mood for Italian but after reading all of the average reviews for the major hotels on the strip, I decided to venture off the strip and take a chance with this place.  It wasn't too much of a risk since the avg. review was 4 stars.  The restaurant is right across the street from the Hard Rock Hotel.  Parking is in the strip mall.  So we didn't have to spend extra on the valet.  Always a plus in my book.  The restaurant was modern with a classy flare.  Service was fantastic and our server was very helpful in aiding us on our wine selection.  He was very knowledgeable.  They have an extensive wine selection by the glass, half bottle or even sample tastings 1oz, 3oz and 5oz.  We decided to start with the fritto misto (calamari, zucchini & fennel).  The batter was light and well seasoned.  Not greasy at all.  The marinara sauce that accompanied it was a great compliment.  I got the 18oz. rib eye medium and the gf got the risotto with truffle and lobster in a cream sauce.  The steak was cooked perfectly.  It had a nice crust and the balsamic glaze made it easier to eat the steak to the finish.  It had a nice burnt crust just like what you get from the grill.  The risotto was al dente and the truffle added a great aroma to the dish.  The recommended wine pairing cut through the creaminess and made it easier to consume.  I would definitely come back here the next time I'm in Vegas.  It's better than most of the restaurants on the strip and the service is not stuffy.
5	Holy cow, people, run don't walk to this place! By the way, you'll need to get some exercise afterwards, too!The service was impeccable. The food was over the top crazy-good. Of course the best dishes were pricey but very much worth every penny. I had the Pappardelle Mimmo which was perfectly prepared. My dining companion had the Spaghettini Scoglio. Zero complaints from either of us.The pasta is made in house. At least try it despite the fact that all of the other ingredients are incredible. Oh, a bit of advice, don't bother with the bread. You'll want the space in your stomach for the entree!This restaurant is not on the strip but is not far as it's directly across the street from The Hard Rock Casino. Get off the strip for one of the best meals you'll have in Vegas.
5	Fabulous service and wonderful bar drinks. Im told they have 2 happy hours which is great for people who work swing shift. :) I had the gnocchi which was melt in your mouth wonderful, and a salad I cant remember the name of, Insalata de Mimmo I think, with avocados and red onions. Best salad Ive ever eaten.  There was also a live band which I thought was awesome, and I would definitely go back to sit in front and listen to them.
2	The food is underwhelming... the prices astounding!. A caesar salad was about as boring as one could imagine, and the veal ravioli 'special' was far from it... at $30 for 5 pieces. The wine list is quite extensive, especially in seriously high priced Italian wines... but a 350% markup is just too absurd. Top it off with a server whistling and singing to himself  (quite loudly) while he's serving your table.....arrivederchi.
2	First of all, Ferraro's is located in a strip mall next door to a smoke shop. Because it's so close to the strip, there isn't a strict dress code. I saw customers walk in dressed in everything from Mickey Mouse sweatshirts and denim shorts to cocktail party attire.Ferraro's is almost dead around 5:30PM on a Saturday but that doesn't mean the service is any faster. In fact, the service was outrageously slow.I'm not one of those people who walks into a restaurant like Ferraro's and expects to be in and out in 30 minutes, but I would've liked for my visit to be under 2 hours considering it was just my husband and me and 75% of our time here was spent searching and waiting for our server.It took at least 15 minutes just to get menus even though when we first arrived there were only two tables seated (including us). Our server was extremely friendly but we spent most of our meal sitting around and waiting for him to come back. It seemed as though the busser did all the work! I'm pretty sure the server forgot to bring our entrees when they were ready because the busser ended up bringing it out and it was almost room-temperature with cold, slimy and thick sauce as if it had been sitting out for a while. (We both ordered pasta.)Our server never came and checked on us to see how the food was or if we needed anything else. Completely not even exaggerating-- he didn't even glance at us from the time he took our order to the time he came and dropped off a dessert menu (literally 20-25 minutes AFTER we had clearly finished eating).THE FOOD: The portions are very small compared to many other Italian restaurants in the area. The temperature of the food was completely unacceptable and I would've said something except (as I've already indicated) we couldn't get our server's attention unless we wanted to cause a scene. I got the Gnocchi Zafferano and I usually love gnocchi but whatever I got tasted like the little dumplings in Campbell's Chicken & Dumplings soup. I asked my husband how his food was and he just shrugged and said, "It's okay." I tried a bite of his pasta and had the same kind of shoulder-shrug feeling. The food wasn't bad, it was just boring.All in all-- I hope our server was just a bad apple or having a rough night because he was awful. The food was less than decent-- not even worth half its price. I definitely wouldn't recommend going to Ferraro's.
5	Just had a large business dinner at Ferraro's restaurant. All the guests were blown away at the quality of food as well as the service and ambience. Living in San Francisco and a native from Italy, I would consider Ferraro's as one of the top restaurant I've ever been. The osso buco is at the top of the list! Their wine list is quite impressive as well.
3	Ferraro's delivered $10 lunch coupon's to our office and so we decided to use them!  Anything on their menu will then be $10!  Wow!We started with: Fritto Misto $9Fried calamari, shrimp, fennel, zucchini- The calamari was delicious and the red sauce that comes with it is so yummy!  It was a huge plate... enough for 3 people to have a great appetizer!For the main courses:I had: Salmone Checca $14Grilled salmon, fresh tomatoes, basil, fresh garlic and kalamata olives- I feel like there should have been more kalamata olives for more flavor.  Don't get me wrong, I ate the whole thing, but it didn't have alot of flavor.  I think if they added maybe some more salt & pepper it would have tasted even better.  I would order it again, because it was light and I think could have more flavor next time.My friend had:Pollo Parmigiana $14Chicken breast, mozzarella and tomato sauce served with a side of pasta- He said it was good... but wasn't sold on it.  It looked really good!We sat outside on a beautiful day and had excellent service!  They let us each use a $10 coupon for our main courses!  I can't believe it!I would like to come back for dinner and wine next time!
4	This place was great. Strong drinks, wonderful service and oustanding food. The calamari was in line with the best I've had at other places, couple that with good bread, salad and amazing ossu bucco and you have to give this place a try. Yes, it is not on the strip, but is is located across from the Hard Rock Hotel. This has it's advantages as you are not paying for location as you are on the strip. The prices were very fair for the quality of food, especially in Las Vegas, NV. The service was top notch as we never had to wait for a refill or have dirty plates in front of you. This place gets busy, so make a reservation. We had one on a Saturday night and still had to wait about 15 minutes, but we got a drink in the bar and had no complaints. Also, use a restaurant.com gift certificate to save yourself some cash.
4	Best Osso Bucco ever. Great all around food but a bit overpriced. Always seem busy. Wish they would bring back the half price locals night.
5	I had heard of this place once before but just in passing. So this time when one of my colleagues suggested we go there for their Osso Bucco, "it's the best" he claims, what kind of Italian would I be to turn that down? We were at the Hard Rock Hotel for a meeting and made our way across the street to a strip mall where this gem is located. It was lunchtime, late lunch, and we were hungry!First I will say, the service was excellent. Courteous, efficient, and always with a smile. The atmosphere was just right, matched the quality of the entire experience. The menu and wine selections were well varied, not too much, not to little.I had ordered the same glass of wine my friend did, and he came back with the wine he informed me that there was one glass left in the bottle they had on hand. He said it would be 10 minutes before they would have another bottle on hand and would l like another glass complimentary of something else while I wait? But of course! And it was more like 5 minutes until the other bottle arrived. You could not wipe the smile off my face.Similar thing for my friend who ordered a Martini, they poured him whatever extra was left in the shaker into a second glass and brought it to him. THAT is service!Ok, now for the food... It was literally the best Osso Bucco I have ever tasted. It melts in your mouth, in fact I don't think words can describe it. We had commented that it had to take longer than 4 or 5 hours to prepare and cook this masterpiece (not while we were waiting of course, it's an ordeal to prepare this dish). Just as we were talking, the chef & owner Mimmo came out to check on us and he told us it was an 8 hour process. Thank god someone knows how to take their time and care for food as much as Mimmo! We showered him with compliments, our other 2 friends with us had the veal ravioli special and raved about it as well. Not a single person at our table had a complaint. We all swore it was the best.How can this experience get any better you might ask? Well, when Mimmo sent out a complimentary dessert plate for each of us we about died! A small piece of the tastiest Tiramisu and a mini Cannoli took em back to memories of my Italian grandmother's skills. They were perfection.If you are in Vegas, do yourself a favor and dine here. You will not regret it. It can be pricey, but it's well worth it. I think the places outside of the hotels & off the strip work harder to provide better food and service than the swanky places in the big hotels, and this place proves my theory right. I will be back to work my way through their entire menu.If you visit, tell Mimmo hi for me!Ciao!
5	The best food I've had in Las Vegas. One of the specials was a mushroom pasta with wild boar sauce; I was curious to try this, as well as the chicken vesuvio, so the waiter encouraged our party to split a few dishes. Everything was excellent and not one person was left disappointed. They make all their pasta fresh everyday, and the service alone is enough to go back for.
5	Had chicken florentine!!! Excellent meal. Calamari was fantastic and the sauce it comes with soooo good!
4	Go at happy hour after 10 PM and the prices are awesome with a good selection of wine and Italian food.  Service is great for a late night place!  Nice atmosphere and bar!Wayne Gorsek
5	Everytime we go to Vegas, this is a must do. It does help if you are up some coin before you go. The wait staff are incredible, knowledgeable, friendly, and treat you right. Never had a disappointing experience. That could be in part to the incredible wine selection. Make it a point to go and savor this place.
3	So they've moved to a new location and become a restaurant/wine bar.  The old place had such a good ambiance, the new place however is pretty plain and boring. The food is still good but it's just not the same
4	Want a mouth orgasm? Ferraro's will give it to you, and give it to you good!Finally tried Ferraro's for lunch with my gal pal. Lunch special 11-4 $9.95!We started off with an Appetizer Arancini Tartufo, rizoto filled fried balls MMMMMMMMMMM YUMMY!I ordered the Salmon, very good, moist and delicious!My friend had the Chicken Vesuvio, must have been good she wiped her plate clean with her last piece of bread, lolOur meals came with a delicious house salad, scrumptious!Bread basket is a winner, comes with Olive Oil and garlic spread.They have sweetened Iced Tea! Yeah baby!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!The service was fantastic!Peter was our Server and he rocked! He really is a kick ass server! They are lucky to have him!Will be back for sure!HAPPY HOUR...yes they have one! 4-7 and 10pm-2am in the lounge and bar!This is a great restaurant for a first date!I added a few photo's of our visit.
5	I discovered Ferraro's by attending a Las Vegas Woman's Magazine networking event held there. They were serving these appetizers called Arancini Tartufo also known as a mouthful of heaven! Basically, they are risotto and cheese formed into balls, fried and served with a cheese dipping sauce.  Each person dining should have their own serving. That same night I ordered their Italian meas and cheese tray with olives and pepperoncinis. To die for! I wanted to go back but the opportunity never presented itself until months later when I received an email that Ferraro's was offering summer deals for locals. So I took them up on their $9.95 lunch special which included a salad and entree. I chose the house salad that was sprinkled with their house balsamic vinaigrette which was sweet and tangy at the same time and the Pollo Vesuvio with Rosemary Sauce. If I wasn't in a high class restaurant, I would have licked my plate. I instead opted for the olive rolls that were served with olive oil and herb dipping sauce to capture the remaining rosemary sauce on my plate. I was too full to partake of dessert. But I have a plan- upon my return, I will the skip lunch special and just do the same appetizer and then dessert. This place is so fantastic! You can tell it is run by a family who puts their heart and soul into every dish!. If you haven't tried it, what are you waiting on? I'm pretty sure even in this economy you can afford $9.95 lunch special from 11a-4p until Sept 30 and they also have other specials for locals. Just ask your server.
3	We eat here when we want to splurge a bit.  Upscale gourmet Italian in the mid-price range ($30ish an entree)The canolis are great!!!If you are looking for a little less spendy place on a week night, check out Nora's on the West side.
5	This is MUST DINE spot in VEGAS. Off the strip (Across from the side of Hard Rock Hotel and Casino). Absolutely delicious Italian (REAL ITALIAN) and this positive endorsement comes from a New Yorker who knows of great Italian Food. Yes the place is in a strip mall but DO NOT let that deter you. We didn't dine off the menu instead we had the chef prepare us a 4 course meal based on our discussion of food when he came to say hi at the table. I immediately said that I was in the mood for pasta, love risotto, love arugula, proscuitto, cheese and that I am an eater... little girl with a love for food. First course was a sampler of risotto (best in my life ever) agnolotti pasta AMAZING, and a pesto risotto OMG incredible. Second Course: arugula salad with sliced proscuitto and buffalla mozzerella that was a ball of heaven. Perfectly dressed with a hint of lemon. Incredible!! Third Course: Oso Bucco which is what the restaurant is famous for. Literally falls off the bone and I'm not a huge fan of Osso Bucco but if you are don't leave this place without having some. It's cooked superbly. Chef also brought us linguini di mare with mussels, scallops, shrimp, octopus. Delicious. I was so full from the other courses that we had much to take home. Over all the meal and service was outstanding!! Next time I want Italian in Vegas this is the spot of choice.
5	If I could give Ferraro's 10 stars, I would. Everything from service to food to ambiance is excellent.Came here for dinner two nights ago and got seated immediately in the bar area. Considering it was a Friday night, I didn't expect to get seated so quickly. The waiter quickly let us know that if we were locals, everything, and I mean EVERYTHING on the menu was 50% off. Carpaccio Torcello: Amazing! All the flavors melded so well together. The argula added a nice peppery bite, while the parmigiano added just enough saltiness to accentuate the beef...and the truffle oil....well, truffle oil just makes everything better!Carpaccio di Tonno: Again, this was amazing! None of the ingredients in this dish over powered the other. They seem to only bring out the beautiful flavors in each other. A must try if you love ahi tuna.Funghi Misti al Forno: Delicious! I'm not sure how the pizzas are cooked, but by the looks and taste of it, I would think it was brick oven baked. The edges were crispy, the mozzarella was perfectly melted and the mushrooms (not sure what kind of mushrooms they were) but they still had a nice bite to them (kind of like enoki mushrooms). PERFECTION!Fettuccine Pomodoro: Fettucine with Fresh Tomato, Basil, Garlic, Extra Virgin Olive Oil topped with Fresh Ricotta. The noodles tastes as if they were made fresh. This dish has no meat whatsoever, but you definitely do not miss the meat with all the great ingredients and flavors going on in this dish. The ricotta was a great addition as it added a silky creaminess to the dish without being too heavy. Again, to me, this was PERFECTION!Pinot Grigio - Veneto, Italy, '09 - Slightly sweet and the perfect pairing to the pizza and pastaPinot Noir - (not sure of the location or year) - delicious, warm aromatics and was a perfect pairing to the carpaccios.Ruby Slipper Martini - delicious! There's definitely alcohol in this! Even though it tastes like fruit punch, it definitely creeped up on us a little later.The service was great! The wait staff was very professional and were very attentive. I will definitely be returning!
5	Wawaweewa!I had lunch at Ferraro's today, and I must say, this place is a true gem in Vegas.I'd been here once before for an Elite event, and remember the good times, and great food, but I wrote a review for the event. Now, I am proud to write this review and share this lovely restaurant with you.The lunch menu is fairly simple ($10 per dish). Each item comes with house salad or soup. Get the salad with their house dressing. It's a fantastic balsamic vinaigrette. The plate is glazed with a balsamic reduction for show. And it's sexy.My Dad and I ordered the Chicken Parm. It came with a side of rigatoni. It was so nice, The chicken was nicely breaded and crispy. Not oily, but had a baked in taste.My angel of a mother had the Salmon which was topped with a lemon caper sauce, and also had a side of rigatoni. It was a fantastic combo.The dinner menu is a bit more upscale ($25-$50), but I recommend this place for any special meal. The restaurant has been in business for over 25 years, and they know what they are doing.Come here for the following:A special date. Don't bring an ONS here. An announcement dinner: "We're getting married:A business lunch or dinner with clients.Bachelor party looking for a classy dinner before a night of debauchery.They have several wines available (and even wine lockers for the ballers). The beer selection is pretty good too.Make it happen. This is your spot.
5	my parents introduce me to this place. The food was great. I ordered the soup of the day which was spit pea and the frisee salad with walnuts,cranberries, chicken,goat cheese,pears and this really amazing light dressing....what a delight!!!
3	3.5 stars, but I'm not rounding up. The food was pretty good but for the price I'd much rather go to Il Mulino. Service was a little spotty but I also didn't realize this was such an uppity place. I rolled in with my bandanna and Kid Rock t-shirt, this got our party immediately seated in the back room by ourselves, ha ha. I might come back for happy hour but even with a $100 off coupon it was still too much.
4	Good food!  Good service and staff!  Some of the best secret family recipe Italian food ever!  Everything is from scratch (so they claim)....super fresh tastes will all menu items sampled!  Price may be a turn off for some, but worth it if looking for a good experience in a down tempo setting.  HUGE wine list.
5	I mentioned in another review that I'm a native New Yorker and "wannabe Italian."  I always look for a good local place to get great Italian food. Well, I found it.  Some friends and I went for dinner on a Monday night (I know, not a good night), but it was great!  I had one of their specials for Share, and a companion had veal, but all of us, without question, thought our dinner one of the best Italian meals ever.  "Johnny," our waiter, suggested the NY Steak for me, and I tried it, though I never would normally order steak at an Italian place.  Perfectly prepared, but the pasta with Bolognaise (sp?) was outstanding.  I've been back since, and the service and food remain excellent.  The owner was at the door when I left both times, and I complimented the food, the service, and his presence in front.  If there was a higher rating, I'd give it.  Spendy, but totally worth it.
5	The Mimmo salad (heirloom tomatoes, mozzarella, avacado and aged balsamic with red onions is awesome) with a hunk of rare beef on it -- totally awesome.  But if you go here DO NOT MISS the homemade sausage appetizer.  They make the sausage in house and it is the BEST EVER!  Everything here is perfect.  One of those places where they serve high quality food and still polish the glasses!  Has private dining from two to one hundred people and can handle them all seamlessly!
5	A new favorite!  Delicious food, great service, cozy ambience.  Love that they make their own pasta and their meats are organic grass-fed beef and organic free range chicken.
4	Great italian food, all their pastas are homemade. Nice extensive wine selection, and some nights they have live music. Perfect location right across the street from hard rock.
2	I have had much better Italian cuisine then here. I came with high expectations and left sad.
1	I have eaten at this restaurant about a dozen times and always been impressed by their food (but sadly, neglected to review it during the good times).  Fortunately, at the time, my companions made it a point to post positive reviews of the restaurant.  So, when I had relatives visiting from out of town, looking for a late night meal, I proudly recommended Ferraro's. The restaurant could not possibly have made me look worse than with the sad events earlier tonight.  The back patio - normally quiet and sane - was booked for a private party and it was loud and rocking.  No problem by itself, but I wonder if it left the dining room understaffed.Not to belabor the details, but the meals we were served would have been terrible by Olive Garden standards.  Each of our three entrees were served cold (you'd have to heat them a few degrees to get to lukewarm) and were mostly inedible.  The fact that all three of us left 80% of our meals untouched was clearly lost on the busboy who was surprised that none of us requested a doggy bag.  After waiting 45 minutes for our food to arrive, none of us was in the mood to even consider a re-order even if it had been offered - which (it's important to note) it was NOT.  Our waitress simply dropped off our check and rushed off to the next table.I don't know if any of this was because the kitchen was overwhelmed, or if the one lone waitress in the dining room didn't bring them out quickly enough - and quite frankly I don't care.It may have been just another day on their schedule and - oops - they messed up during a pre-booked party, but it was a very important event in my life and that meal was simply unacceptable.  Certainly by my previous experiences, and by the reviews of others on this page, your odds favor a good experience.  But I like to leave my gambling at the tables and - now that this restaurant is clearly not a sure thing - take my business elsewhere.Oh, yes... shame on you, Ferraro's.  When you stop caring about one customer, how long before you stop caring about them all?  Keep offering 1/2 off deals for locals and then treating us like crap. It's a guaranteed long-term recipe for failure.
5	Fantastic! We brought 11 people and everyone was thrilled. The osso buco was a favorite but everything was delicious. Enjoy.
4	Great dining experience off the Strip.Wine list is amazing, but you will pay for it.  The wait staff was excellent and attentive.  Excellent Italian food no matter what you crave.  Do not let the fact that it is located in a strip mall fool you.  Inside is a different world.
5	This place is amazing!! A local recommended this place - saying they went there all the time. They are open late and was perfect for after a show. We ordered sausage, truffle fries, and chicken parm... Amazing!!!!!
4	Escape the overpriced, hyped up, yet underwhelming hotel food and get a reservation at Ferraro's.Las Vegas has an over abundance of tourist trap restaurants along the strip that cater to the unsophisticated masses. Why not venture out to a quiet off the strip restaurant that is worth every penny!Key Reasons to go -Romantic and cozy ambienceOut of the hustle and bustlePrivate lot to park inNice bar areaWelcoming hosts and waitstaffDecent wine selectionFriendly and attentive serviceModern & clean restroomsDelicious foodThe highlight of the night and the reason to return, is Ferraro's fall of the bone and melt in your mouth Osso Buco. They compliment it with the creamiest most delish risotto on the side. To die for!!!!!!! After a yummy salad there is hardly any room for desert unless you take it to go.  My husband tried the house lasagna. Now let me preface this by telling you that ALL lasagna dishes at restaurants have stiff competition to overcome. My mother-in-law's amazing sauce takes 2 days to make. When you combine that with real fall off the bone meat and layers of various cheeses and fresh pasta you have the most incredible flavor sensations in every bite.  Honestly, it's hard for restaurants to even compete.Having said all that it was decent lasagna, but I think he was jealous of my Osso Buco and it was just too good to share more than a bite or two! he he heWe most def will be back the next time we are in Vegas and craving some authentic Italian food.
5	My favorite place to eat in vegas. Awesome staff.  The owner and chef are always visible and super friendly.  I've had about everything on the menu and it's to die for!
4	Came for a business dinner tonight, so a good way to check out the place.  I was used to seeing this place on Flamingo and Jones for years, and was sad we never made it in before it closed.  But I get this memo with an invite for dinner and was surprised to learn they had just moved locations.  I have to admit, it's smart, now closer to the strip and more business!Since it was  business dinner, I didn't get the entire menu to choose from but did get to choose from a smaller version.  They started off with an antipasta tray, it had Italian cold cuts, cheeses, marinated vegetables, it was great.  Then they gave use a house salad, mixed greens,with house vinaigrette.  And finally we had our choice of three entrees, 8 oz Prime filet mignon topped with roasted peppers, mushrooms, onions served with starch & vegetable of the day, Grilled organic raised salmon with fresh tomatoes, basil, fresh garlic & Kalamata olives served with starch & vegetable of the day, or Half free-range boneless chicken, extra virgin olive oil, rosemary, served with starch & vegetable of the day.  I chose the filet, it was perfect.  Tender, cooked just right, very good meal.Our desert was a creamy cheesecake topped with fresh raspberries in a raspberry coulis.  It was a perfect meal, cooked perfectly, service was excellent and it was free, oh, I did have to listen to the presentation but it was worth it!
4	Stayed at the Rumors Boutique hotel steps away from Ferraro's.  And we were looking for a great Italian experience in Vegas, and after checking out pricing, menus and reviews, we went for Ferraro's even though we'd been to the same area for nearly every other meal.....but the Strip restaurants were either chains or way overpriced and not much authenticity in the menu.Restaurant is much bigger than it appears on the outside.  Host staff were extremely friendly, and made us feel special from the moment we walked in.  Our waiter, Eric, was super nice, very knowledgeable and creative with menu recommendations.  He helped us with great wine choices, and even offered to give me samplers of two dishes I couldn't decide between.Really was an enjoyable evening, and we enjoyed knowing that we were supporting a local Vegas family-owned operation.  It was definitely worth a special occasion meal, but also friendly enough for two friends to just enjoy an evening together and not feel out of place.
1	I give it one star that's exactly what this place deserves. A group of friends and I went to go see what all the hype was about we all left feeling sick and very disappointed. I had the Chicken Alfredo pasta and it tasted like cardboard this place is way over rated and over priced all five of us said we would never go back.
5	oh WOW!!!! this restaurant is fabulous! I had dinner there with my boyfriend and another couple when we visited the sin-city.First, the service is OUTSTANDING!  Our waiter is super friendly, yet very charming and knowledgeable. The water is always filled, the wine is excellently poured. The food came pretty quick after we ordered, Osso bucco is yummy, the pollo parmigiana is amazing! The lasagna is good, and the tiramisu is quite a pleasure.The price is also not bad... . plus we have the restaurant.com coupon, which makes the pricing even better. (But talking the truth, we would be willing to dine here without the coupon).Oh... and I forget to mention the lovely live entertainment, am I? ... =)To sum up.. a VERY NICE treat to the happy stomach.
4	Ferraro's is close to my work. A co-worker suggested going there for her going away lunch. I had never tried Ferraro's and am always up for trying something new. Especially Italian which is probably my favorite type of food.As we walked in, we passed former mayor Oscar Goodman who was just leaving. He stopped and talked to us for a minute and said the food is always great at Ferraro's. He was right.I got the salmon livornese and a cup of lobster bisque. Both were quite good. The price was reasonable for the quality. I definitely plan on returning!
4	What a great off the strip Italian restaurant!!! Such a refresher from all the cookie cutter really over priced restaurants located inside the hotels!The service was impeccable from the minute you walk in. The staff look like they stepped out of a Al Pacino move.. I mean that in a good way by the way...The ambiance and the vibe were so up beat that just looking at their menu mad my mouth water. They make all their own pasta fresh, wow no Chef Ragu/Prego working there..We ordered the antipasti appetizer. It was filled with different kinds of cheese, olives, pickled artichokes, prosciutto, spicy ham. I'm not a fan of olives but the red ones weren't all that bad. It was really good and pair that up with the bread they bring you at the table and you practically have your meal right there. But better save some room for your dinner because you have to try their pasta dishes. I ended up ordering the seafood spaghetti meal that had scallops, huge pieces of shrimp and calamari. I admit it was good but a little too much on the seafood. My BF had the Sea Bass and it was really melt in your mouth type of meal. The fish was cooked to perfection! I would have given them five stars but I wasn't that crazy about my meal but I am more than willing to go back for more and possibly change it.Highly suggest this restaurant when in Vegas. It's located behind the Hard Rock Hotel off of Paradise in shopping center that has CVS in it. Oh and for the ladies.. in that shopping center is a nail salon that is open 24/7.. oh yeah.. I can see it now drunk mani/pedi's...good stuff.. Have to try that one when I go back to Vegas...
4	Every year, the Mrs.'s business partners take the finance team and spouses (i.e. ME!) out to dinner. This year it was Ferraro's. We began with drinks that were not watered down. My Jack & Coke was mostly Jack with a splash of Coke. My wife's Snickerdoodle (pinky drink) tasted like the real thing. It should've been a dessert drink.The bread basket was warm and we began with an appitizer sampler: 1) lobster ravioli with asparagus was my favorite thing I ate here. Luckily, the Mrs. doesn't eat seafood so I got hers, too. 2) Mushroom risoto was cooked al dente. Very good. 3) Sausage had spice. Very good. Then I got the scallop appetizer. It was perfectly seared and seasoned. I could've ended the meal there, but my main dish was brought out: Osso Bucco (The house specialty) $43.I was a bit disappointed here. The meat was fall off the bone tender and beefy. It was the tomato based sauce that just didn't seem to go well with the meat. I like my braised meats with garlic & rosemary, so I ate the rosemary garnish with it. I did eat the bone marrow on the bread. That was extremely rich. The barley side was kinda bland, but a plenty. I tried my wife's filet. It was kinda tough and dry. Nothing special.The tiramisu was perfection, but it was way too small. I make mine from scratch, so I'm used to giving myself bigger slices. This was about half the size of a deck of cards. I recently read that the owner comes in everyday and personally makes the Tiramisu though. Limoncello was STRONG. I could only take a few sips and gave it to others who could handle it.Overall, I did enjoy it because it was FREE!
4	Really good food, service, atmosphere! Pricey.
3	Went here before a Rebel game with some friends. I had the Pizza Bianca and added some mushrooms. The forgot the mushrooms and asked if i wanted them on the side. I did, the problem was they brought them with the check and we all ate already. Pizza wa ok, Settebello is way better! Prices seemed a bit high on everything else, not sure if i will be back.
3	Food was amazing, from app to entree to dessert. However service was lacking, unable to multitask, were left waiting forever for dessert menu and then again for the check as were other tables around us.
5	A+ - GREAT ALL AROUND.  Service superb and food even better.  Highly recommend.
4	This place has a very romantic atmosphere. The decor is charming especially if you are a wine aficionado. Their red wine selection is more daring than the whites and the happy hour is great because the wines by the glass are half price.I had the calamari appetizer which was awesome and I don't say that very often.Their cappuccino is also very good. I would definitely recommend this place for a date or date night. It sure beats the place that use to be there before it was Ferraros.
5	I visited Ferraro's about a year ago (I wish I had reviewed it then),  and I have to say that this restaurant has given me the best customer service I have ever received. Our waiter was extremely attentive, and the food was spectacular. I ordered a dish, ate the entire thing, and had the waiter come up to me to tell me he had given me the wrong meal. I usually don't make a fuss about things of that nature, so I told him to not worry about it because I hadn't even noticed. He was not having it! He proceeded to comp our entire meal, gave us free dessert, and made me my original order to go. Now if that's not good customer service, I don't know what is. I will definitely be returning when I get the opportunity. Thank you Ferraro's for the memorable experience!
4	Took my Mom and Dad here during a quick stop to Las Vegas. Early celebration of my Mom's birthday.Got their for an early 6PM reservation on Thursday. Place was hopping by the time we were on dessert.Food was great.  Had lots of food and everything was good.  Hightlights included the grilled shrimp with beans as an appetizer, the papperdele with shellfish entree and the veal chop.  Portions were large. Everything cooked perfect.Service was very good, along with recommendations that were spot on.  I mentioned pre-dinner that we were celebrating my Mom's birthday and they brought all of us some tiramisu and a mini cannoli for dessert, along with a candle for my Mom. Nice touch.This place is a bit expensive but well worth it.  See you again during my next visit to Las Vegas. Great to get out of casino restaurants. This place has been around a long time. They used to be in another location and called Mimmo Ferraro's. You don't last in this town (or many places) if you are not consistent.Check it out. You won't be disappointed if you want to great old world Italian food.
3	I've never been blown away from this joint. I've eaten here 5 times for lunches because of work, and the food is, well, good. Pizzas, sandwiches, salads... it is all what I expect from a higher end Italian place. I thought the calamari was a little too chewy though. But nothing that really struck me as 5 star worthy, especially with the prices charged.Additionally, the ambiance is OK, basic wines and little green shrub things and some wood stuff.... nice decor. It seems very generic Italian high end though. Where is the true character? Also a few times they were playing some poppy italian music very loud, the VIP we had in town for business commented and had to have them turn it down. Not a good look. I've just never had that "wow" moment here, culinary or service wise.Maybe I need to come for dinner to get the full shabang. I will update this review if I do.
5	One of the best places in Vegas, and off the strip.  Food is always superb, and service is always very attentive.  Wine list and sommelier are top notch, and good value can be found.  Lobster ravioli makes the trip worth it.
3	I travel to Las Vegas frequently for business and always stay off the strip, preferably at the Embassy Siites just behind Ferraro's on Swenson.  I was in the mood for a light dinner and headed to the strip mall where Ferraro's is located.  I entered and was immediately floored by the prices.  They do realize they are in a filthy strip mall, sharing space with a Piercing Emporium and a shady looking massage parlor?I was by myself and, although there were tables in the dining room, the hostess clearly wanted me to sit in the bar, so I followed her there. She asked me if I needed the wine list, but I did not; I then sat for SIX minutes, no menu, no drink, no food, no bread, nothing.  Doesn't sound like such a long time but when you are hungry, it seems like FOREVER.  Maybe they were hoping I would leave??I eventually placed my order and a bread basket came.  My server was courteous but semed a little distracted, subtly implying that she had bigger and better tables to get to.  She was helpful with menu choices and I placed my order.  The bread basket arrived and fairly quickly my salad arrived.  I had a chopped salad which was a delicious blend of iceberg lettuce, black olives, Italian meats and a light oil and vinegar based dressing - very good!  Unfortunately, I stumbled on my next order, you see, several of the items (pasta, pizzetes, etc) had both Italian sausage and BEANS on them. My server explained that this was due to the chef's Tuscan influence. When I ordered the pizzete, she recommended the white pizza ( blend of garlic and cheeses) but I went with the Pizzete Toscani with the aforementioned sausage and beans.  Bad choice.  It was neither tasty nor appetizing.  Food 2/5, service 4/5, 3/5 stars overall.
5	I LOVE LOVE LOVE Ferraro's!!!!  I have lived here for 17years & just never have gone!!!  I have even worked with one of the Ferraro family member's years ago!!!  I had some friend's in town from Chicago they wanted Italian so I took them here!!!  It was soooo good!!!!  I was surprised & sad that it took me this many years to try it!!!!  It was late at night but the bartender that waited on us was very nice & didn't ignore us as we weren't sitting at the bar!!!  I can't wait to go back!!!!  Everything the four of us ate was FABULOUS!!!!
5	We had dinner last night at this Las Vegas gem, and had a thoroughly enjoyable meal! I had the Bucatini Carbonara and it was delicious. Sampled the other entrees from dining campanions and was impressed with theirs as well. The service was outstanding - everyone was gracious and warm. Pricey? Not for the level of cuisine and service!
5	There is only one place I would want a person to sell like a car salesman, and thats here at Ferraro's!  The waiter who was assigned to our party was just like Alfred from Batman!  He was at our beck and call.  He was attentive to our needs, very knowledgeable of the Italian food lingo and he wheeled n' dealed us on the most prestigious dishes on the menu.  Not to mention his team of bus persons who hawked us for any breadcrumbs to be immediately scraped off the table.  Honest to say, I've been tired of the Italian food fare.  If it wasn't for a deal breaker I found on Restaraunts.com, I would have never considered dining at this stallion of a venue.  Needless to say, The menu items were more on the Bucket O' Gold side, but because of the quality and taste of the food, it was money well spent.  We ordered a number of items on the menu, but the one most memorable dish, out of all things, was the calamari!  The squid was fresh and fried to perfection!  If ya gotta PYT, take her here to start things off.. the ambiance is very dramatic.  If you're coming with a sizeable party, I suggest you order numerous items and have the chef portion the food to the number of people in your party.  The waiter will bring it in individual plates so that everyone gets a taste of  the Fanciness!  ..Fancy!
5	On our last trip to Las Vegas we wanted to join a friend who lives there for dinner but I was ready to get off the Strip. He is a server at one of the Casinos so he hit up his other friends for a great restaurant since he knows we much we eat out. Funny enough he said he was nervous because when he comes to Denver I take him to super good places. We got there on a Thursday afternoon after the lunch rush. The server seemed very excited to have people who were ready to dine and drink wine. I can only imagine he was use to people rushing to get back to work. We had such a great experience and the food was amazing. We were there for several hours and just didn't want to leave. The ambiance was beautiful and we were able to enjoy the shaded patio. I love going in ethnic places and the staff still have their accents. It made me feel like there might have actually been Italians in the back cooking. In the end we were all debating over dessert. We finally decided on the creme brulee, but the server was so great he brought a second plate with samples of all the other desserts. That was the cherry on top of an amazing sunday. Would I go back? Definitely! Would I recommend it to others? I already have. I never knew that place was there when I lived in Las Vegas and now I'm sad I missed out.
1	By far the worst restaurant experience I've ever had. The waiter treated us like we were hobos because we asked for a wine in the under $100 range. This is a place who has entrees in the 15 dollar area so ....When the 700 check arrived we wanted to split it up among our big party and the waiter said they don't do that. He forced us to go to the atm across the street while acting like a huge dick the whole time. Seriously, in 2012, they can't split up the check on multiple credit cards. Oh, and the food was mediocre.
5	Being Italian, its hard to impress and compare too homemade cooking. However the meal here is outstanding!!!!!!!!!!   I would highly highly reccomend, service prefect, and a impeccable restroom.. Our dinner consisted of house salad, the homemaid Papperdale pasta with truffle, scallops and asparugus, a perfectly balanced flavor of all ingredients, followed by the Seabass, and the Tripe which were both tremendous, dishes clean. Like usual problem, no room for desert. The lounge area is very inviting, old school, and relaxing.  Not only will be returning, but cannot wait.
5	Fantastic Italian right across the street from the Hard Rock.  I have been here twice, once for lunch and once for dinner, and it was fabulous both times.  For lunch, my wife and I ordered the lunch specials and not only was the food excellent, it was a great deal.On my most recent trip, I had an epic dinner with a friend of mine.  We split an antipasto and the carbonara, then we had the osso bucco.  It was really quite memorable.  To top it all off, they had live music and the service was great.  I will definitely make it a point to eat at Ferraro's whenever I am in Vegas!
2	Ferraro's was wholeheartedly disappointing, and there wasn't much that came as a positive from my visit.  The atmosphere was stuffy, as was our waiter, who felt it was more important to correct our pronunciation than to remember what we ordered.  The food was not bad, but was not up to par with the price tag.  I had the osso buco, which was okay, but it no where close to the best I've had in Vegas; the farro that accompanied it was bland and didn't pair as well as one would hope.  The appetizers and deserts were good, but didn't stand out from any other italian restaurant I've been to in the past few years.  It almost felt like they weren't even trying to impress us when we visited.My relatively high expectations were no where close to met, and I don't foresee myself returning anytime soon.
4	This is just about pizza.Because as good as Ferraro's can be (and it's on and off believe me), it's way too pricey for what is essentially a locals Italian restaurant. Even with the latest 25% off for locals, it's too expensive as far as I'm concerned.BUT.....Their pizzas are outstanding. Only Settebello compares, and unless you live near Green Valley (and I don't), this is the best place to get authentic Neapolitan-style pizzas.So....when the jerk-off category of "New York-style Pizza" fails to move your taste buds to orgasmic heights, and you want real Italian pizza, go to Settebello or Ferraros.Specifically, their Pizza Bianco: prosciutto, arugala, sliced mozzerella and white truffle oil.....now if that's not "orgasmic heights" I don't know what is....even orgasm itself.
1	Service was unacceptable here. We waited over an hour from the time we ordered dinner to the time it was set down for us. Water glasses went enpty for over 15 minutes, wine bottle was empty and never asked if we wanted more... really?????One dinner was sent back due to very over cooked (setting under a heat lamp??) and was not follow up on. asked for manager and was 20 minutes before he stopped by.is Vegas really this bad? this came highly recommended, so either a really bad night or has gone down hill.
1	Seriously?? MAJOR DISAPPOINTMENT and expensive mistake!  This was maybe a step up from Macaroni Grill  but way more expensive and  I dont think the food was as good. The service was crap, the "fresh made pasta" was way under cooked (hows that possible?) and I am familiar with "al dente"....but crunchy spaghetti??? C'mon. We ordered the "exotic" cheeseplate to start....LOL, the ding dong waitress had no idea what the cheeses were so we were left guessing.....although it was a fun game, not even 3 star service.  She suggested provolone was an exotic cheese. Precious. Ordered sparking water and the waiter kept filling my glass with tap;( and then bringing me a new glass each time.The lobster ravioli wasnt bad, but nothing special. My friend had spaghetti and meatballs and it was BAD. How does an Italian restaurant screw up spaghetti and meatballs???? The noodles were crunchy and the sauce was like canned tomato sauce heated in the micro and the meatballs smelled like canned dogfood. As we left, an older gentleman( owner? Manager?)  asked if everything was "ok" and I said " it was ok" and he was offended and questioned in his hammed up Italian accent "where we'd had better food?"  I told him " I make better spaghetti and I'm Irish" he didnt think it was funny and asked no more questions;) Do not eat at Ferraros....go to Olive Garden or Mac. Grill and save yourself $100 or pick any other Italian place in Vegas, great odds that its better.
2	First off, I should comment that my husband made a reservation for the wrong restaurant and at 7 pm on a Friday night, we got right in.Other than that, my experience was less than gratifying.The calamari fritti was good, sauce was pretty good.I was pretty upset to find that the menu on the website is not even a representation of the menu provided in the restaurant. The website says copyright 2012, but Ferraro's does NOT serve Eggplant Parmigiana as stated on their website, nor is their Chicken Parmigiana $20. It was $24.  Also, I've NEVER been to an ITALIAN restaurant that serves broccoli, carrots and POTATOES (potatoes!? seriously?!) with ANYTHING in marinara sauce. Especially since the menu both on the website and IN THE RESTAURANT says "served with pasta."NOT IMPRESSED. Still searching for a REAL ITALIAN restaurant outside of NY.
5	Sit outside. Lovely misters and put put golf for the kids.This place deserves more of a review then I can write at the moment, but I will say this, came here with my daughter, she is 20, and had a great dinner.We shared a pasta dish and salad which were both excellent.The ambience inside was warm and nicely decorated. Truly an experience I will remember for a long time.It is not often she and I eat out like this by ourselves, so what a wonderful place for this.The wine list is huge and offers everything from California wines to fine french and Italian wines.Dinner for two with two glasses of wine and sparkling water, $100 bucs.Stay away from the strip and go here!
4	Amazing. And amazingly priced. Come with you're pocket book !
4	Nice outdoor section, good atmosphere.
5	Went here on a weekday for lunch with my girlfriend. I ordered seabass with scallops. it tasted fresh & cooked perfectly.
4	Surprisingly nice place close to the Strip.  It has a great atmosphere and is clearly frequented by more locals than the Strip restaurants.  They even offer special discounts (up to 50% off) for Las Vegas locals - not bad!  We enjoyed the patio and used the putting green to pass the time.
1	no thank you!
5	I had an incredible dining experience this evening. The food was top quality, prepared with originality   The service was excellent. It's a unique dining treasure.
4	We sort of stumbled upon this place which is off the strip and so glad we did!  We started with the Tritata Salad, I loved the flavor dimensions of the salad and you can never go wrong with crispy pancetta!  We also had 2 Pasta dishes, both better than the other.  Porcini Pappardelle con Ragu di Cinghiale (pasta with boar meat sauce).  This was so wonderful.  A truly hearty and filling dish with so much flavor.  Our 2nd, Bucatini Carbonara e Tartufio Nero.  All I can say is this was the best Carbonara I have ever had!  This is a place I would love to go to again and again.  Service was very good.  Server, Paulo was very knowledge and efficient.
4	It's all about the lunch specials here.  Fantastic spaghetti and meatballs with a salad lightly dressed in a yummy balsamic vinaigrette for only $10.  The pizza I had was good, not great.  I appreciate the different size pours of wine offered.  Other restaurants should follow suit.
4	Calamari was delish!!!! Perfectly fried. Ordered also the margarita pizza - yum yum but I still would have liked a thinner crust. Coworker ordered the carbonara and loved it. Homemade pasta!!
5	Impeccible service, excellent food, plesant atmosphere. Well worth a visit. Nice that it is off the strip too. Easy to drive to.  Highly reccomend...
5	Best service I've had at a restaurant in a while. Preston, our waiter was so patient and friendly. The food was fantastic. I was craving Alfredo and chicken but it wasn't on the menu, but Preston made it happen. So awesome! Can't wait to come back here, if you want great Italian look no further!
3	Monday night is Girls Night Out with my, well my girls....... We actually hit 2 spots last night. Firefly on Paradise and Ferraro's also on Paradise. I remember the old Ferraro's on Flamingo when they DIDN'T measure the wine. I despise wine measuring. It makes the employees look like they are just itching to steal from their employers. It makes me feel that the 3.6 oz, or whatever it is, $14 glass of Chardonnay in that big ass glass wasn't enough to quench the thirst of a flea, and worse it looks that way in the glass. On the other hand the ambiance is fabulous as is the food. But when I am just drinking, don't mess with numbers, pour a REAL glass of wine.
3	After my meal at Ferraro's, I found that it could be viewed in one of two ways...as a local or as a visitor/tourist.As a local I could go as high as a 4/5, but as a tourist it could be as low as a 2/5, so I split the difference.  The main reason is price.  Before going to Ferraro's I checked out the menu online and thought, "man this places must be fancy, maybe this is an off-strip gem" (since it was suggested by a long-time Vegas resisdent, myself being new to the area).  The decor was nice, staff friendly, the bar wasn't bad either.  For me there is always that bit of hesitation when all the starters, salads, soups on the menu are $10-$20 because it tends to cause expectations to go up.I will say the apps were pretty good.  My brother-in-law got a pizza which looked like nothing special but he did clean his plate.  I went with the sausage and peppers which was definitely good, but not a $14 app.  I mean sausage and peppers should be about as cheap as it comes.  My wife went with the Chef Mimmo salad which was also good.  The avocado was very fresh as is common in this parts and the balsamic and mozzarella was good as well.  It was a different take on the salad because all the ingredients were served as cubes or chunks and tossed together.For my entree I went with the Filet.  It was probably below average.  Cooked right but very plain, not a lot of flavor at all, not a $41 filet. The veggies were standard, nothing special there.  However, the mashed potatoes were clearly of the instant variety.  The only reason I took a second bite was to confirm the first was actually that bad.  My wife went with the porcini rubbed rib-eye.  This was much better than the filet but still not a $48 entree.Now for the savings grace...locals get 50% OFF with a local ID.  I didn't scour the bill in detail since the wife took care of it, but I'm not sure if the discount applied to all food or just entrees.  Either way, this made the meal much more tolerable.  I went from thinking her meal at $48 was wildy over priced and thinking I'd much rather pay an extra $10-$20 at a high end place on the strip, to thinking, this isn't a bad meal for $24.If I were to go back, I would probably try out some seafood or pasta options versus the beef, but at 50% I can say that I could see myself going back.  However, if you are a tourist staying across the street at the Hard Rock and looking for other options, I might try to look elsewhere for some better value.
4	Unlike most folks that roll into the glamorous side of Vegas, my wife and I don't have excess money to burn for the sake of the conflagration.  So when we saw Ferraro's proudly proclaiming a 9.95 lunch we were in.  I'm so glad we did it, too.  I ordered the spaghetti and meatballs off of the lunch menu along with a side salad.  I'm not crazy about vinaigrettes to begin with, so when it was only sparsely on the mixed greens, I wasn't thrilled, but I was hungry after an afternoon of libations at the pool, so I ate up.  The entree on the other hand, that's another story.  De-lic-ious.  The meatballs tasted like the ones I remember from my Italian, great-grandmother's kitchen; the sauce wasn't over powering or under-seasoned--simply perfect; and the noodles were cooked just right.  The portion was satisfactory as well.Our waitress was delightful.  Polite and attentive, but not pandering for tips.  Just a doll (I wish I could remember her name, but I do know she work's the bar and has a tattoo on each inside wrist, so look for her next time you're there).It's not often that I'm in the middle of Sin City (typically due to the aforementioned monetary setbacks and I just don't much care for Vegas to begin with), but the next time I'm in town and I have the opportunity, Ferraro's is a stop I'll make.
3	This place is going downhill, I think.  It used to be very good.  Last year, they had the 50% off for locals deal with hardly any restrictions.  Now they just make it too complicated.  It's only 50% off food and only certain items, not the specials.  No splitting checks.  They add a mandatory 18% gratuity.  No Restaurant.com certificates.  And no happy hour when opting for the 50% off deal.  The food is overpriced to begin with so 50% off just gets it down to a normal price.  I've been here a few times for events and it takes them forever to set up and seat us.  And the last time I came for lunch on a Friday, it was almost completely dead and they seemed kind of perturbed that I was even there.It has been more crowded when I've been there for dinner.  Occasionally, I've seen a live piano player there, which is a nice touch.  But it did make the place very loud.The Insalata Mimmo was quite good.  Not sure if it is $14 good, but still tasty.  But I don't think I'll be coming back anytime soon.
4	Above average food. Good friendly service.
5	I think this is where I accidentally parked in the handicap spot. Excellent wine list and the pasta is aaaaaaaaaaaaaauthentic and handmade. Very tasty food and I feel like I'm in a cool mob movie with the godfather across the room giving me dirty looks. I hear if you send your food back you're cruising for a bruising. Just joking you can send it back (at youre own risk).Great place. Live music and super attentive servers.
5	I will be honest here. they have the absolute best chicken fettucini alfredo in the world. This is an authentic Italian restaurant that gets SUPER authentic at dinner (don't expect spaghetti and meatballs). I make this a must-go-to every time I come back to visit.
5	This was by far one of my best dining experiences... Chef Mimmo is amazing. From the food to the service to the ambiance.. I can't not say enough!
5	LOVE this place! I have been coming here for years and the newer location is great! The menu has only gotten better and they have kept all their classic dishes. The most popular dish is the osso bucco and they are known for it! BEST IN TOWN! I also had the boars meat pappadelle and it was magnificent! They also have a great lounge menu if you're looking for a more casual experience! This place isn't too pricey, but it's definitely more upscale which I like. GREAT wine list too, just know they don't allow you to bring your own wine for a corkage fee. The service is always great, and definitely a more slower dining expericence to really enjoy yourself, your company, and the food. This would also be a great place for a business dinner since you can actually hear the person next to you :) I'm sure i will be coming back for many more years to come.
5	First and foremost, I experienced this as a tourist, not a local.... I stumbled upon this restaurant on the weekend of my anniversary. My boyfriend had asked me where I wanted to go and I had told him to surprise me. Well, he sure did and he did a great job by picking Ferraro's. We had reservations but arrived about 30 minutes early. Regardless, they seated us right away. Within a couple of minutes, our amazing waiter grabbed us some drinks, bread + olive oil and left menus for us to review. We ordered the cheese platter (Formaggi) as an appetizer & pasta (Fettuccine Pomodor con Ricotta Fresca) for dinner. The pasta itself was more than enough and the ingredients were fresh. I think what topped it all off for me was the fact that they seated us in an area that was away from the more "casual" dining. We didn't have to ask, they just did this. Our waiter created a short lived relationship and shared some stories about his hometown in Italy. I might add that the Wine Bar has such a large selection. I've seen some reviews on here that complain about how much wine they get but, really? If you're looking to get shit faced off wine with a full "glass" of it (lol), you probably don't belong here. I can't wait to return for round 2!
5	If you want a 5 star dining experience with that family owned restaurant feel, this is definitely the spot. From the pristine kitchen and impressive wine cellar, this family owned and operated Italian restaurant, gives you the welcoming as if you are a part of their family. The Osso Bucco is the finest I've had and is a must try for your first visit. Great food and atmosphere. Our good friend and co-workers Larry and Ralph suggested the spot, so I'd not only like to thank them for letting us experience an awesome dinner but extends Thanks to Gino and Mimmo for making our experience at Ferraros a memorable one.
4	I never even heard of Ferraro's, but friends had a restaurant.com coupon, so we decided to try it out.  I'm glad that we did!  We first had a drink at the bar (25% off everything during happy hour from 4-7p), and then were seated in the beautiful, traditional dining room.  Our waiter was from Italy (I can't remember which part), and had a lovely accent and was attentive and charming the entire night.  We also found out that locals get 50% off the entire regular menu (specials not included), but we couldn't combine the coupon with the special.  Our waiter was gracious enough to calculate which would be the better value for us.The food was delicious as well.  We started with the beef carpaccio and calamari. I LOVED the calamari- seasoned nicely, the breading wasn't too heavy, and I could have eaten it all night.  I ordered the lobster risotto for my entree and was very, very pleased. There was tons of lobster meat, and the risotto was creamy and well seasoned.The creme brulee was a delicious ending to our meal, but the canolli was a bit disappointing. Nonetheless, it was a lovely dining experience and we will return.
4	Legitimate Italian restaurant for Las Vegas. Sophisticated and elegant atmosphere. Would recommend making a reservation. The antipasto was decent, next time I am going to order the salsiccia calabrese (grilled calabrese sausage with polenta and red peppers). The wine menu is definitely a major attraction, there is so much to choose from and their cave is extensive - was overwhelemed so ended up ordering a few bottles with my group. I would definitely recommend getting a couple of plates and having courses as this is what the style is formatted for - traditional italian food - so order your antipastos, then maybe a salad, then get a couple of pasta dishes as well as a couple of main courses. I ordered the vitello piemontese and would rate it a 4,5 - exquisite, the truffle sauce was perfect, although not as tender as would have preferred a great main course. Other plates that I ordered were osso bucco and the pollo al limone.
5	Ferraro's Italian Restaurant & Wine Bar is a unique get-a-away, to a land of wonderful, fresh, Authentic Italian Cuisine.There are very few places where you may have an "all - around" experience. With each of your senses tantalized, you cannot help but enjoy Ferraro's Italian Restaurant.This family owned establishment has boasted over 25 years in Las Vegas, Nevada.As one of the most influential, top quality, "Zagat Rated", Fine Italian Restaurants in the State of Nevada (and in my opinion the U.S.A.), Ferraro's stands out from the rest.Ferraro's has won many "Best Of.." Awards, and I am proud to say that I give them a Five Star Rating as well. To name a few of their "Awards", Ferraro's has been named "Best Recommended By Michelin 2009", as well as, "Wine Spectators" "Best of Award of Excellence" From "Distinguished Restaurants of North America" in 2008, and "DiRoNa" "Award of Excellence" 11 consecutive years in a row." Just to name a few.The staff is professional and knowledgeable about all of the menu items. The Family always makes sure that each guest is well taken care of and happy. When you walk into Ferraro's, you get the feeling of "home". It's a family atmosphere, with a flair of excellence. Just by looking at the decor in this establishment you know you are in for a treat. I sometimes forget that I am in Las Vegas, Nevada and feel as though I could be right in the heart of Calabria. That is where Gino Ferraro is from. Since 1985, Gino and his Family have taken Italian Cuisine to new heights. In 2003 Gino's Son, Mimmo, took over the kitchen operations and helped transform his families recipes into the very dishes that are served to each guest. This family is not new to the restaurant business, they are just re-inventing it. Having been involved with other family restaurants, they know what to do and how to do it FIRST CLASS!Have you ever had a server come up to your table and eloquently tell you the specials of the day? Or, when your server remembers all of the menus items verbatim? It is a gift when each server has been trained so professionally. Most of the staff have been with Ferraro's since they opened, and they are considered part of the family. These are some of the small touches that make Ferraro's my favorite Fine Italian Restaurant in Las Vegas. This is a place to see and be seen. If you know good food and you're in Vegas, don't be surprised if you sit near someone famous.While sitting at the beautiful table in the "Main Dining Room" with Walter Ferraro (another important asset to the Family & Ferraro's Restaurant), overlooking the casual ambiance of the rest of the restaurant, my food was ordered and arrived. It was picture perfect. I almost didn't even want to eat it. The dishes were bold and bright with color. The portions are not too big, and can also be family style for sharing. As if I were sitting in Italy the vegetables were so brilliant. The appetizer I ordered was the, "Carpaccio Manzo", Thinly Sliced beef, arugula salad, shaved parmigiano, truffle oil. It was so delicious.My second simply scrumptious dish was the, "Salsiccia Calabrese", Ferraro's Homemade spicy sausage grilled, served with crispy polenta, and roasted peppers. As well as, the Imported FRESH Mozzarella.Did I mention that Ferraro's has the best Homemade Pasta and Pizza to order? It's the real deal! This is what you would order if you were someplace in the middle of Italy.As I took a bite of my, "Agnolotti", Ravioli filled spinach, mascarpone, ricotta, mortadella, tear-drop tomato sauce, I was enjoying every minute.On to my last course (before dessert). "The Ferraro's House Speciality", Osso Buco and Baby Lamb Chops. One word for both, OUTSTANDING!The "Osso Buco" fell off of the bone and it was so perfectly cooked I was in heaven. If you love "Osso Buco", you should not be reading my review right now. You should be on a plane or in your car on your way to "Ferraro's Italian Restaurant & Wine Bar".If you're a "Wine Enthusiast", the selection of wine at Ferraro's is one of the most notorious around. Ask, Joe Pike, the Sommelier to accommodate you. He is happy to help you find the best selection. Ask to see the wine cellar, if you're into that. It is phenomenal.For those VIP guests, Ferraro's also offers private wine lockers for your special selections.For dessert, my two favorites are the, "Authentic Homemade Cannoli", Trio tower of cannoli filled with smooth ricotta, sugar & cinnamon, with chocolate & raspberry sauces, and the, "Tiramisu", a Ferraro's favorite...classic Italian dessert made with lady fingers, Mascarpone cheese & espresso, also homemade.Ferraro's Wine Bar is absolutely gorgeous. The bar area wraps around from the inside of the dining room to the "one of a kind" outside patio. The Patio is well decorated, simply classic, like a summer Italian Garden. Probably one of my favorite spots to sip on a glass of vino and relax.As a "Food Critic" I HIGHLY RECOMMEND Ferraro's.
5	Great old school restaurant with exceptional food and service. Paulo was our server and made sure to explain in detail flavors and selections. Started out with an Italian app plate of cheeses and paper thin sliced meats. Delicious. The salads were unique and fantastic... from the arugula, fennel and fresh orange salad in balsamic to the more expected wedge. Half our party has steaks and half pasta and all were ecstatic about their selection. My homemade pasta dish (buccatini, pancetta, in a garlic tomato sauce) was outstanding. Steaks were prepared as expected. And the tiaramasui and gelatto were exceptional and authentic. A delicious meal... and with the half-off locals special, well priced too!
5	Love this place.Being from Providence RI, the Italian food Mecca, I am extremely jaded when looking for good Italian in Las Vegas, mainly because they so frequently miss the mark. (It's the little things) That's why I am both pleased and proud to give Ferrarro's a 5-Star review.You sure as hell wouldn't expect it when seeing their location, a strip center on the corner of Harmon and Paradise. But once you walk insie, you immediately forget you are in a strip mall. Someone clearly put some time, effort, and money into the place, right down to the beautiful Italian Murano-glass lighting fixtures.Long story short, everything about the menu is the real deal. Killer wine selection, classic menu, and almost overly attentive waitstaff.If I had any complaint at all, it would be that the fare is a bit pricey. Worth every penny though.I recommend the Pappardelle Mimmo, and the Caprese.
3	Feeling a little peckish late at night, but not wanting to hit a casino, we checked Yelp, it came up with Ferraro's, it also showed that there was a late night menu that was 50 % off, worth the risk.The food was ok, it could have been great, but the small things were off.My wife had the Carbonara, I had the Gamberoni pizza.The carbonara was ok, there was just a little something missing, I couldn't place my finger on it, but it lacked something, I still can't place my finger on it, if I do figure it out I will edit this review. I will say, the pasta was cooked perfectly.The pizza intrigued me, I had something similar at this place :http://www.yelp.com/biz/oreganos-pizza-bistro-scottsdale-2It is a pizza, with potato,  pancetta, shrimp, mozzarella. Oreganos makes it without the shrimp.To be 100% frank I was worried about the combination, I couldn't get my head around shrimp being on this pizza, but I was happily surprised, the shrimp turned out to be the best part. This could of been a great pizza, except the potato was cut to think. If cut thin like Oregano's makes it the potato gets a little crispy adding a great texture to the pizza.We really did like the setting, we sat outside by the fire pit, it was a nice way to have a late night dinner. The service was very good, attentive without being intrusive.The 50% deal meant a check of just under $50, not a bargain for sure (including a glass of wine) but an ok price for what we got, if it had been at full price I don't think I would have been happy, so take advantage of the specials.
5	this is easly the best meal i have ever had in my life. the fresh mushrooms were amazing in the homemade pasta. along with the pasta i had the filet migon which was the best piece of steak i have ever eaten. i had the rasberry and lemon sorbet for desert. and all around fantastic meal i highly advise you visit this reastaurnt on your next trip to vegas
5	Want to be with the "in crowd" on a Friday night....this is the place.  Noisy...Crowded...Great drinks....Wonderful apps and reg. menu....WONDERFUL SERVICE...spendy but worth the experience.  If you are there for dinner MAKE A REZ!!!
5	My wife and I had an amazing experience at Ferraro's. The service was incredible and the food was among the very best Italian in the U.S. The wine list is very large and represents all the regions of Italy.  This is our new favorite place in Vegas and we will be going back the next time we get to town.
5	This was a GREAT Yelp find in Las Vegas! We were wanting to try something off the strip and came across this place. Will most definately go back!!
5	My wife and I had an amazing experience at Ferraro's. The service was incredible and the food was among the very best Italian in the U.S. The wine list is very large and represents all the regions of Italy.  This is our new favorite place in Vegas and we will be going back the next time we get to town.
5	My wife and I had an amazing experience at Ferraro's. The service was incredible and the food was among the very best Italian in the U.S. The wine list is very large and represents all the regions of Italy.  This is our new favorite place in Vegas and we will be going back the next time we get to town.
3	We ended up at Ferraro's on a busy Saturday night when we were told that our original destination, a nearby establishment, had over an hour wait.  We dropped into Ferraro's (a little under dressed) but they were able to seat us right away.  We were seated in the bar area, where they have high top tables cozied up around the bar.  If you are looking for an extensive wine list, almost an encyclopedia of wine, this is your place.  They appear to have it all!The food was fresh, but was very heavy.  We probably should have shared a salad and an entree between the two of us.  We finished the meal with a raspberry cheesecake that was divine.The atmosphere was very busy.  There were a lot of staff and patrons coming and going around our table.  There was a lounge singer warbling out Christmas tunes, backed up by a piano player, but due to the volume of the chatter in the bar you could hardly hear them.I gave Ferraro's 3 stars because our service , the atmosphere, and food were only so-so compared to the prices you pay.  We went in well over $100 for our meal and it was something I could have gotten at a chain Italian restaurant.  Next time, I would come back here for desserts and drinks, but not for a full meal.
1	Save your money. Over priced. Better flavor in a can of Chef Boyardee! My wife had the spaghetti and meatballs. Over cooked and totally lacking flavor. I had the carbonara....I think.....the lack of flavor confused me. And the service sucked.Pass.
3	Didn't get the side booth as requested in the online reservations. And didn't get the correct year of Wine. ($80 bottle) waitress said, "oh its the same thing). Food was very good though. It's was the other things that will make me try somewhere else.
5	I've been coming to Ferraro's for years, well before we moved to Las Vegas.  We used to get into town and have dinner that first night at the old location on West Flamingo.  The veal osso bucco is the best version of this dish I've ever had, my favorite Italian dish in town, and my 2nd favorite dish overall in the Valley (narrowly losing to a mighty competitor, the reserve ribeye at Carnevino).  But, Ferraro's is so much more than its most famous dish.  They have had, on occasion, a lobster risotto that will make you forget your spouse's name.  We've ordered it more than once and it's worth twice what they charge.  The ambiance is very fancy, but the servers are fantastic and make you feel at home.  Wine list is long and can be high, but you can find some good Italian selections that won't force you to eat off the value menu for the rest of your trip.  It's well worth the short cab ride from whatever strip hotel you are staying at, and if you are a local, you MUST come during restaurant week.  The full portion osso bucco is offered for only $50, and it includes a starter and dessert.  It's been one of, if not the best bargain I have found during RW.
3	Ferraro's does run some nice specials, but it was difficult to navigate through their restrictions. By the time I was finished with work at midnight, they were running their late night happy hour. So the wine was 25%, the regular menu was no longer in effect, and the late night menu had more drink appropriate food. I didn't question it too much and stuck to the simple stuff. I have been on a baby beets kick because they are everywhere now. It was lackluster. It was not bad for half off, but at full price it would have been frustrating. A couple of glasses of wine and everything was better.
3	Extremely overpriced restaurant for the portion and the taste! There was nothing special about the menu that you can"t get at any given restaurant. I had a small piece of salmon with 3 small roasted potatoes and 3 skinny over cooked asparagus. My husband had a small piece of average lasagna and my friend had an appetizer. No alcohol or desserts and the bill was over $100.00! It was also very noisy! Not an intimate , quiet ambience that such a price should command! Will never go back there!
5	My favorite off the strip but still near the strip local restaurant in town. Amazing Italian food and first class service.
4	I've never had the amazing opportunity to have a Valentine's date on February 14th.  Never, so you can imagine my excitement when I found out I had not 1, but FOUR other beautiful dates joining me this year on that special day.  Tonight, we decided to do it big, not only because it was Valentine's, but because this was my 200th Yelp review!!!  We wanted to check out a fine dining restaurant close to the strip so we stumbled upon Ferraro's.  The minute you pull up, you can tell you're going to be treated to a dramatic evening.  The outside is accented with stone and the low lighting shows a sneak peak of this intimate restaurant.  Red and white awnings add a little color and pizazz.  When you walk in, the first thing you'll notice is the very dramatic chandelier. The restaurant's red and yellow combinations offered a very passionate dining experience which made me realize this was an excellent choice for couples on Valentine's Day. The hostess stand included granite counter tops and etched glass.  I knew this wasn't my typical restaurant visit and that I needed to be prepared to throw some cash down that night!One thing that did turn me off was the fact that we had reservations for 5:30pm and still had to wait for 15 minutes.  A party even got sat before us.  I didn't want to say anything because I didn't know the complete story, however, my perception made me a little irritated.  After the wait, we were sat in our own little room, close to the bathroom.  Our reservations were for 5 people, we got sat at a table for 8.  Kind of big, but I still appreciated having our own room.  Our server assistants were super nice.  My water glass was never empty and our table was constantly kept in an organized state.  Another thing that bothered me was the fact that our actual server didn't have much patience with our party.  It almost seemed as if he didn't think we belonged there.  I mean, he's probably right.  We love humble places, but let us enjoy it!  It's a special occasion!One very impressive thing was their extensive wine list.  67 pages long!!  They also have an option to tour their wine cellar which I thought was super amazing.  Our party ordered two bottles that evening:  A Sauvignon Blanc and a Pinot Noir.  I don't exactly know what kind of Pinot we ordered, although I know it was from California and about $50 a bottle.  As for the Sauvignon Blanc, we ordered the Ferrari-Carano, Sonoma County '10 for $45 a bottle.  It was light and crisp.  Not sweet like a Riesling, which I LOVED!  Great choice.  Now onto dinner.  I decided to get the Risotto Funghi, Prosciutto e Porcini for $32.  As described on the menu, Italian vialone nano rice, porcini mushrooms, proscuitto.  No joke, THE BEST risotto I've had to date!  I love a great risotto and this dish did not disappoint.  Probably the most creamiest rice, huge pieces of porcini mushrooms and stems.  Add in the smokey flavor of crispy proscuitto and I was seriously in heaven.  I had to eat this slow, just to savor every bite.  That's how amazing it was. A good friend of mine had the chef's special, a Chilean Seabass with champagne sauce and black truffles for about $50.  There were other dishes ordered, however, those are the two that really stood out to me.  The food made me take a step back and realize how good life was.  Nothing better than food that makes you sit back and think of life's many wonderful things.  Super cheesy but it really made me feel that way!Now I'm not a person who can afford this type of dining every night.  Every person on the table paid $75 each that night. Definitely somewhere you can visit on special occasions like Valentine's Day.  If you want to try an amazing Italian restaurant on a special night, please come by and check out Ferraro's.  The food alone makes you kiss your fingers and yell, "delizioso!"
4	A gem in a non-descript strip mall on Paradise. Great food. The veal ossa buco is unparalleled. A must visit restaurant in Vegas.
3	Atmosphere is really nice, a little touristy but to be expected considering the location.  The bar area is really nice for cocktails especially before a show if you weren't eating there, I definitely would go have a drink at the bar.  Their wine list is extensive, definitely a must for wine lovers. The appetizers we ordered were spot on: fried calamari were excellent, the carpaccio was good on a scale of 1-10 , it was an 8.The reason I only gave 3 stars: our main dishes lacked the wow of the appetizers. Ferraro's makes their own pasta, any pasta lover  knows fresh pasta is the best.  Gnocchi with meat sauce- gnocchi had a great texture, the meat sauce was good - separately the 2 were good but combined ? Not so good, too heavy. Bolognese sauce ie meat sauce is a northern Italian sauce, gnoccchi is a southern pasta the 2 don't go well together. The saffron  risotto with shrimps as below par, the rice tasted like it was cooked separately and they threw 6 shrimp on top, the flavor was not combined.  The pasta and the rice dish was not worth the price either: pricey and small portions. I will go back to try their signature dish Osobuco.
5	Great food, Great service. Eric was my server...knew the food, great , fast, and fun guy.  Food was great.  The fresh mozz. appetiser was a 5.  The bread is freshly baked on site 5.   Carbonara is authentic NO CREAM...the way it's supposed to be done 5.  Dessert so cool & different 4 *.    My new favorite place & ONLY Good Italian in vegas that we've tried.   Been to 10-12 or so on the strip.  Ferraro's is 5 minutes off the strip and a complete home run.  - Mal from NJ
2	This review is particularly for the happy hour. We went on a Friday at 5 pm and they were not busy but we did not have good service. The bartender might've been the most unfriendly bartender I've ever had anywhere. And the prices aren't that great... It cost $32 for only two drinks and two apps. I expected a lot better.  Still a nice place to come for dinner... Just would not come back for happy hour.
5	5 stars! period! My husband worked for the family years ago and besides being great people, they make authentic great (from scratch) food. The pistachio passion is the most amazing dessert ever made! Ferraro's offers great food, wine, service, and ambiance!This is a regular choice for our nights out...
5	BRAVO!  Probably one of our best restaurant experiences to date.  We were so happy to find this lovely gem across from the Hard Rock Hotel, where we were staying.  We loved it so much, we ate there twice during our trip, and had wine on the patio a third night.  The service was AMAZING.  Ana took such great care of us, and remembered us the next night we came in.  We dined on the patio one night, as it was a beautiful night in Vegas.  The food is fresh and uncomplicated, pure delciousness.  The first night I had a filet and mushrooms, the sauce was DIVINE.  We had a superb lentil soup, as well. My husband had the buccatini with tomato and pancetta, and it was so good, he ordered it the next time, as did I.  The staff was respectful of my no-cheese request.  The wine list is stellar, as well.  We had two perfect nights of dining here, completely turned me around from thinking Vegas restaurants are over-priced and under-whelming.
3	The food is good, but I personally think it's a bit overpriced for my liking. I'm not big on paying a ton of money for food when I can get the same quality, quantity and service somewhere else. It is good and it is a nice restaurant. If you're looking to take out some on a fancier date...then yes. Splurge to impress. They have a very large wine selection, and that's always a plus. We had the cesar salad - you can definitely tell they make their own dressing. It had a fresh garlic taste and it made for tasty breath. For dinner - Osso Bucco - Of course, very tender. I wasn't a fan of the sauce and I'm also not a fan of veal. My boyfriend did like it though and he did order it. If you love veal, I'm sure you'd enjoy this dish. Pappardelle Mimmo - I liked this dish a lot. It wasn't overpowered by butter or oil like a lot of places do for their butter sauces. It had a very distinct smell of truffles and they also serve a large portion of lobster in the dish. They served it with two large scallops which I would have preferred it to be pan seared. They were steamed very well to where they were not chewy though. Overall - very tasty dish. The service was good - it wasn't extraordinary. They were very good at making sure we had water/wine at all times. The server was nice a polite. I kind of noticed that this place has a lot of older people and they seem to cater more towards that crowd. The reason I say this is - there were two tables with older couples in nicer attire and they were served much quicker than we were. There was a table of four (same size party as us) that was sat about 10 minutes after us. Within 2 minutes, they were served water, bread and the drinks they ordered. We didn't even get asked about drinks other than wine until after them. The other odd thing is, the waiter gave us our tab and we told him how we wanted it split up. He took the two cards (our tab was over $300) and then he brought it back with his 18% gratuity on there. It was not listed on there before. Not that we wouldn't have tipped him. My bf and I typically tip 20% in most cases, but that was definitely a turn off. I didn't remember seeing this anywhere, but in a nicer place like this - I think it's a bit tacky. So I'm half and half on this place. Maybe I'll go back....maybe I won't. :)
2	At first glance this looked like a wonderful restaurant to have a great evening meal. We were greeted by a wonderful hostess, and then it went down hill once we sat down at our table. The waitress unfortunately started on the wrong foot when asked about if they had a Malbec in house, the reply was: Yes, It's $200 and I don't think you can't afford that, and we don't sell it by the glass.  I was stunned!  (My husband had returned to the table) to see me, and the others in a shocked state. I would like  to take the higher road and say that I don't believe she realized what she had said to me.So in short we settle for the over priced $98 bottle of Ruffino Chianti Classico. The water was great but it lacked the lemon we asked the waitress to bring and received none until we asked the server to bring us some. (With a smile still). The menu's came and my husband who never complains about anything was taken back by the prices. Thus adding insult to an already injured evening we ordered our perspective appetizers, and meals and carried on conversations to pass the time.From the ordering of an over priced bottle of wine, ($98) to a menu of food that was good but not off the charts, we could have gotten the same quality and better serve elsewhere. My friend order the Risotto the price was $30.   Risotto!!! Not only was this one the most expensive restaurants, for the quality of food but the service unfortunately didn't add up.  Speaking of service: This evening was so slow that they had a table with a party of 7 who ordered their drinks and their meals up and leave.Anyway the highlight of the evening:  We found out that if you are a Las Vegas resident you could get 50% off your meals (Alcohol not included of course). Oh! but the waitress forgot to tell my son that...who is a new resident and had left early because of the time. Thank goodness for great friends we met their for dinner. They told us! So that whopping over $400 and then some bill was reduced by the great friends.  So all in all the evening blessing was we got to spend it with our son and our friends who met us their for dinner. No we didn't get dessert!Being thankful for good and bad experiences teaches us much about life.
5	What a great experience and amazing food!  My husband and I came here and had the pizza, lasagna, and Carbonara.  All three were just splendid!  We couldn't stop eating.  Our server, Eric, had great suggestions and we had the pistachio dessert he recommended which again was completely amazing.  We will definitely be back.   My only complaint is when we arrived, we went to the bar to have a glass of wine and the people working the bar ignored us for about 15 minutes.  We tried to get their attention too, but to no avail.  We just decided to be seated and the experience was great from then on.
4	Ok , just to let you know that this review is only for their desserts, we were out for dinner at another restaurant and the one dessert we were craving they were out of!! So on the way back out, a sweet craving took over!! So ferraros was on the way and we decided to stop! The restaurant itself is stylish and old world in one, white linen table cloths candles on the table etc! We were greeted promptly by a very cordial hostess, and she offered to seat us in the bar area, and hand us the drink & dessert menu, there we sat for about 10 mins till someone finally greeted us, when he did he was super nice and apologized for the delay in service , I asked for help in my dessert choice and he said hands down the pastachio passion, my friends ordered the canoli and the cheesecake., each dessert was about 10$ a little pricey but definetly not the most expensive I have ever had, the canoli was rich and flavorful with crispy outer shell and a slightly sweet filling! Yummy! The cheesecake was stellar , rich and velvety and topped with fresh raspberries , now for mine! The pastachio passion was amazing !! A pastachio creme over a sweet cream cheese filling in a nutty/ buttery crust!! Each bite was heaven! I definetly will be back to try dinner!! Although not cheap! I'm sure of it is any way as great as their  homemade desserts I will be sure to enjoy !!
5	This is a fabulous restaurant!  Truly a hidden gem in Las Vegas...This was my second trip to Ferraro's and they improved on what was already a spectacular experience.  We were seated immediately by our waiter Guiseppe on the patio and had wine and appetizers (house-made sausages and very delicate calamari) while the staff catered to our every need.  Once we finished we move into one of the beautiful dinning rooms and began the main part of our meal.  I had the Colorado Rack of Lamb, which was exquisitely prepared although I can also say they have one of the best Osso Bucos you will ever expirence!  This was followed by a delicious dessert of baby cannoli and tiramisu that was out of this world.  I also wish to give the sommelier credit for picking out a great bottle of wine for our table.  This is a must try while in Las Vegas!
2	The wonderful neapolitan-style pizzas here have gone down down hill.Overcooked, dry, almost inedible. What a shame!They used to be so good.I suspect they have a new pizzaiolo cuz something has changed.The rest of the food, made by Mimmo, is still excellent, but say bye-bye to the pizzas.
5	On behalf of my company credit card and taking a job candidate to dinner, I was able to enjoy an AMAZING MEAL.  I can't afford most high-end restaurants in this town often, but when it's not my money I will certainly go all out!!  It was a bustling Thursday night and the service was excellent - exactly what you expect the service to be when you are paying those kinds of prices.  Our party of 3 started with two appetizers - the calamari and the anitpasta meat/cheese platter.  Both were very good.  I've had better calamari elsewhere and would love to try something else next time.  We enjoyed the house wine, which is a bit cheaper than the others but still tastes very good!  For my main dish, I ordered the Papperdelle Mimmo - served with lobster, scallops, and truffles.  It was by far the best Italian dish I have ever had.  BEST DISH EVER!  Okay, so I'm not Italian, have never lived in an Italian city, and have never had an Italian friend.  So to me, this was straight-up delish Italian food.  I would have licked the bowl if not for the fact that a.) I was interviewing a job candidate who I want to take the job and b.) I didn't want said candidate to know it was such a rare occasion to eat at a place like that on our salaries, which was not yet disclosed to her!  WORD TO THE WISE (and budget friendly diners) - this place is EXPENSIVE.  For my party of three with one person not drinking alcohol, our bill was $222 before tip.  Do I think it was worth the money?  YES.  I am looking forward to trying some lunch specials - which are less expensive - in the near future.  And according to some Yelp reviews here, they offer a LOCALS 50% off - but I wasn't aware of that until now, which is too late.  I also find that hard to believe, but will look into it.
5	We used to go here all the time and hadn't been in a while and decided to go to use the local's discount.  I was real simple and got a pasta pomodoro and a tomato mozzarella salad.  Both were great, the sauce was light and the pasta was home made.  My Fiance got a seafood pasta and loved it.  I think this place is overpriced, but if you can go with a local discount or late night deal or whatever it is def worth checking out.
5	This is a classic high end Italian restaurant that is at the top of it's game. The food is superior with an atmosphere and service  you would expect  from one of the top restaurants in Las Vegas, if not the country. A special place my wife and I go to each time we are in Las Vegas. Recommend it to everyone we know that is going to Las Vegas.
4	I recently discovered Ferraro's as I was driving aimlessly around the area trying to find a lunch spot to tantalize my taste buds. I stumbled across this swanky Italian joint as there was a huge, yellow banner advertising their $9.95 lunch specials. I made a sharp right and decided to give it a shot.I had heard about this place and had basically wrote it off because I have heard how expensive their dinner menu is (that holds true and I still wouldn't ever be able to come for dinner) but that's why I was delighted when I saw a lunch banner. You can choose from 3 different pasta selections that rotate daily as well as your choice of a cup of soup or salad for $9.95. I'm in!Now did the food hold up to this Italian girl's high standards?The answer is yes, yes, yes. I was given a bread basket to start with rolls nestled warmly in a blanket accompanied by a stained glass-like painting of olive oil and balsamic vinegar. These scrumptious little pillows held my anxious stomach at bay until my main dish arrived. Fettuccini alfredo with grilled chicken....ahhh. There were ribbons of scratch-made noodles arranged perfectly on the plate with creamy, silky smooth alfredo sauce that would make even my Nona blush, all topped off with a fresh grilled rosemary chicken breast...it was Italy...home away from home, and within that moment, they had a customer for life.
1	The only thing good is the bread with oil and vinegar. Service sucks just as bad. Our waiter 2028 Michael who keeps disappearing, didn't even give us napkins. It's possible that they don't give good service because gratuaty is already added to your bill. I had a very salty spaghetti and meatballs and pizza. Food is waaaaay too salty
5	This restaurant is fantastic.  We eat here every time we visit Vegas and have never been disappointed.  The staff are friendly and knowledgable.  Many are family!  The food is amazing.  Last time I had Scallops that were out of this world.  My husband loves the Oso Bucco!  Everything is delicious and they have a great wine selection!  The owner, Geno, will visit your table and is concerned that you are having a wonderful experience.   I will continue to eat there when we are in Vegas.  Also, it is close to the strip, but not on it.  It is nice to get off the strip and their hostess will call cabs for you as well!
4	This totally could have - and should have - easily been a 5-star review.The food and mood both get 5 stars.  We had such a fantastic experience several years ago when we were in Vegas that I asked to return to Ferraro's on this trip.  Since our last visit they've moved (better location, nicer interiors).  The setting is lovely, the food is fantastic.  Our server, John, was disappointing.  He was inattentive, did not listen, and seemed uninterested right up until he announced that he gave us the "local discount" (good for us).  However, conditions of the local discount added an automatic 18% gratuity.  Clever. The busser was very attentive and would have made a far better waiter than our waiter.
2	I went in at about 5:30 on a Tuesday with a group of about 12+ for happy hour.  Everyone was happy with the quality/taste of the food and the drinks, but unfortunately, the service was sub-par.  Our server seemed like he would rather be anywhere else than in that restaurant.  That is such a shame, when there are quite a few unemployed people who would be happy to take over for him.  AND, to top it off, we were there for HAPPY HOUR, where they advertise 25% off of all drinks during that time.  NOT ONE of us received our tabs with the discount on it, and we all had to give the checks back to the server so he could correct them.  PLEASE, he didn't seem like he was new at the job, so the only conclusion I could come to was that he was trying to rip us off intentionally.  The difference was a few dollars, but it's the principal.It's a shame a bad server will probably prevent me from ever going back.  He must have been the same server Staci G. had on 6/14.  Sorry I didn't get his name.
5	I found this place by accident and am glad I did.Being solo I sat at the bar and was served a wonderful meal,and given great service.They welcome locals and visitors so be sure to mention one or the other for a discount.Food,very good.Prices are moderate.They are in a little strip mall and there is adequate self parking.I will go back next visit there and the bartender informed me they serve late (until 2AM I think she said).They even have some healthy options for those of us who are carb conscious.
5	Everything is delicious and fresh. The lunch menu is very affordable and the service is great. Fast for lunch as well. Perfect date spot too. I highly recommend this restaurant.
5	Excellent!  Love this place. My former "go-to" place was La Scala.  However if you want a special meal, try Ferraro's.a. Location - On the NE corner of Harmon and Paradise, this place is easily accessible to all areas of Las Vegas.  Plenty of parking and although in a strip mall, very well placed to streets and the freeway.b.  Ambiance - This is a fairly large place that has some private areas, some normal areas, a bar area. I think it will be able to handle groups of all sizes!  Comfortable, roomy and elegant yet casual.c.  Service - This is one reason I come back. I bring my friends from Middle East and Europe here and they really love it. We usually ask for Alessandro to wait on us and we don't use the menu. WE just describe to him what experience we are looking for, and he and the chef bring stuff out for us. It is great.  Friendly, professional and very attentive.d.  Food - As you know, we just yap and the waiter and chef bring stuff out. Antipasto, sharing three types of pasta on a tasting plate, a bit of meat, small bits of dessert.  It does not get better than this!  Love it and everyone that comes here enjoys it as well.e.  Price - A tad bit more expensive, because we are trying lots of stuff.  Usually ends up about 50.00 per person without alcohol. OK, so at Olive Garden you may spend about 25.00 per person, however, the price is relative. This place is unique,and the pasta's are great. The last time we had lobster ravioli, gnocchi, and risotto. We had antipasto, calamari, then we had osso buco and a bit of cannoli and tiramisu. I love coming here and will continue as the food and service are great.
5	Love Ferraro's. Every time we come to Vegas, we make it a point to come here.  You  must try the beef carpaccio!   Wonderful! Can't wait to come back!
5	The only way to match the ambiance, service and food at this incredible restaurant would be to book a flight to Italy.  I have stopped looking at the menu, instead I simply ask my favorite bartender and server, Nina, to select my meal and wine...
3	After reading about this place in an airline magazine (never trust those reviews) I thought I'd try it.  Lasagna was good, not great.  The only thing more over priced than the food was the wine.  Salad, lasagna, 1glass of average pinot noir was $55 not including tip.  You can do better for less.
1	Made reservations because someone in our party was craving Italian food. Walked in and promptly greeted by a friendly female and taken to our table and given a wine list. Once we said we did not plan to order wine the demeanor of our server changed. We each had a mixed green salad that was very good and we each had a different entree. Out of the three of us, none of us were incredibly pleased with our food. My spaghetti carbonara was dry, the ravioli was ok and so was the lasagna. Really disappointed because this restaurant had good reviews.
3	Over all it was great service!  The food was hit and miss...Vitello Piccata was really salty but the Risotto was awesome.  Three stars because the waiter was a little slow taking our orders and the salty Vitello.
4	Restaurant Week Meal #8 (Dinner for $50.13):Appetizer (Choice of 2): Risotto Funghi OR Agnolotti OR Gnocchi Bolognese OR Penne PomodoroSalad: Mista del Casa OR Caprese di Bufala OR CesareEntree: Osso Buco OR Pollo Piccata OR Vitello Saltimboca OR Salmon MarecchiaroDessert SamplerThe appetizer option was a bit confusing because it says "choice of 2" - so we were thinking each person gets to pick 2 appetizers - nope! It's choice of 2 appetizers per table. So, what if you were eating  by yourself? So, we ordered calamari on top of the RW items. Appetizers and certain menu items are 50% off for locals.The service was great. Very kid-friendly. They have high chairs and our server, Paolo was entertaining kids. Calamari (regular menu):Tender pieces of squid lightly breaded and seasoned with a side of marinara. This was not chewy at all. 4/5Agnolotti:Ravioli filled with mascarpone, ricotta, mortadella and spinach, topped with cherry tomatoes. 4/5Gnocchi Bolognese:Potato dumplings with Bolognese meat sauce. I love gnocchi and theirs is freshly homemade. Tender potato pillows with tender pieces of meat. Although I prefer alfredo sauce, the Bolognese meat sauce was yummy. 5/5Mista del Casa:Mixed greens with balsamic vinaigrette. Nothing that tickles anyone's pickle...it's salad. 3/5Caprese di Bufala:Bufala mozzarella, heirloom tomatoes, basil and pine nuts drizzled with balsamic vinegar and olive oil. The usual caprese. 4/5Osso Buco:Braised veal shank with farro. Very tender meat and good marrow. The sauce was perfect and not thick. 4/5Pollo Piccata:Chicken breast, capers, lemon, butter and white wine. The 2 pieces of chicken breast weren't that tender but the sauce was great. 3.5/5Dessert Sampler:Tiramisu and cannoli. The tiramisu wasn't super soaked in alcohol - I didn't taste alcohol at all. The cannoli was one of the best I've had.  Crisp shell and the filling was just divine. 5/5
4	Came here for restaurant week!Semi casual Italian restaurant, off the strip, that caters to locals!  Not sure if they offer the menu at 1/2 price for locals year round, but during our visit it was still going on!  That's EVERYTHING on the regular menu at half price for locals!We supplemented the RW menu with Calamari Fritti ($15 / $7.50 for locals): Fried calamari and Spicy Tomato Sauce. This was good, very tender pieces of squid. Lightly breaded with not much flavor/seasoning...almost plain!  Wish these was a bit more zing/kick in the flavor dept.The Complimentary bread...nothing crazy here, but the pesto/olive oil combo was nice.  I dipped the calamari in it to add flavor lol.Tasting of Agnolotti : Ravioli Filled with Spinach, Mascarpone, Ricotta, Mortadella, and Tear-Drop Tomato Sauce. Good, but wish there was more to the tasting lol.  They gave up one ravioli, so it was a pretty light portion.Tasting of Gnocchi Bolognese : House Made Potato Dumplings with Bologna Meat Sauce. This was perfect! The dumplings were super soft, tender and meat sauce was flavorful! This was the highlight of the night for me actually, and I would come back for this dish alone!  Gnocchi doesn't usually do too much for me, but this actually wow'd me!Mista del Casa: Mixed Greens with Balsamic Vinaigrette. This was actually pretty good, coming from someone that doesn't enjoy eating salad lol. Simple but flavorful salad.Caprese di Bufala: Bufala Mozzarella, Heirloom Tomatoes, Basil, Pine Nuts, Balsamic Vinegar and Olive Oil. I only tasted the Mozzarella, which was good. Not my kind of dish.For main entrees, Osso Buco ($45 or $22.50 for locals): The House Specialty, Veal Shank Braised in Red Wine Reduction and Faro. This was super tender, fall off the bone, and melt in your mouth! Sauce was a good consistency, but a bit rich...couldn't finish it!  Tried the bone marrow...ok, but I guess I am not a huge marrow fan.Pollo Piccata: Chicken Breast, Capers, Lemon, Butter and White Wine. Good chicken, a bit heavy on the capers with a strong mustard taste, but good overall.And for dessert, a Tasting of Tiramisu and Cannoli. Tiramisu wasn't overly strong tasting, but good overall. Cannoli had a crisp shell and light filling...good! Service was very friendly, and our waiter even entertained Little Foodie Dude while he ate :PPrices would be great if you are local, and fair if you aren't...just not as much bang for your buck on certain dishes.  Go with the pasta since everything is made in house!  Give em a try :PPics :
1	Their 50% off for locals is a big rip off. They add on 18% gratuity on the full price of the meal and to top it off their food is not very good, it's mediocre Italian at best for their prices.
5	Absolutely breathtaking experience. Our server Paulo was very helpful throughout the night. Once you walk in, you see all the accomplishments this restaurant has received throughout the years, and they have every right to boast it. Paulo did a remarkable job explaining the menu. My girlfriend and I absolutely fell in love with his voice; sounded very authentic Italian with his accent and constant "bene" and so forth.I had the osso bucco and my girlfriend had the gnocchi. I decided to try something ew with this and was delighted at what I chose. The veal shank was cooked to perfection and the gnocchi was excellent. For dessert we had the tiramisu and the crepe. All the food was spectacular. Couldn't help but wait for Paulo to come and grab our check and thank us for the remarkable dinner. I would definitely recommend.
4	Great late night eats.... Finally I found a USEFUL review on Yelp!   I always find places... and I do read the review and count the stars, but in this instance, I read a review about later dining and found a gem.
5	The service was impeccable for our large party of almost 20. The wait staff was VERY attentive and personalized the experience for EVERYONE in our party. The appetizers are excellent, we went with the homemade sausage over sauteed rapini and calamari. The Chianti wine that the staff chose was on point and didn't break the bank, while the entrees...pause...AMAZING. The best Osso Buco I've had hands down with a nice helping of marrow that I shared with the table. This veal shank was juicy and perfectly seasoned with a nice glaze on the base. For dessert we ended up with a mini cannoli and tiramisu cake...wait for it...EACH. Legit Italian at beyond reasonable prices and beyond words when it comes to service and food quality. If you HAVE to have Italian then you HAVE to visit Ferraro's and NO WHERE else!!!
4	Haven't been in a while but they have a great deal for industry happy hour and Vegas locals .. Use to always come here after work at ten pm for their beef carpaccio, Mac n cheese and meatballs .. Their service was always prompt and friendly I loveeeeeeeee their garlic pesto bread dip ... So yummmmmy :)
5	Great service and great food. Always love to find a local restaurant and as an added bonus it's off the Strip and not sponsored by a Celebrity chef.We started off with our server preparing for me and my colleagues a pasta sampler which included gnocchi bolognese, lasagna and agnolotti/ravioli. All were excellent! Then had a delicious chicken parm with a small accoutrement of vegetables (escarole and potatoes). Others raved about the Dover sole and one colleague just had a salad.The restaurant on top of everything is really nice.Will now be my Vegas favorite.
5	Back again and didn't disappoint.   Had the nocchi bolognese and hands down the best I've ever had.    So good I'll never eat them again unless I'm there.   Eric still a rock star.    Can't miss top 5 restaurant all time.
2	Went here Monday with girlfriend and family for my girlfriends bday. Hostess was nice and we were seated very quickly. First we got the wine list, waiter was very pushy, trying to get us to buy the bottles. Took 15-20 mins just for him to take our drink order, and doesn't even ask me if I would like a drink. Even the water took awhile to get. The waiters attitude didn't change all night. Pushy, short answers, and just not pleasant. I give this place two stars because of the fact that I was my girls bday, and no one should be treated like this on their special day. But the food was awesome, everyone's food was great.
5	The best Italian in town.  Ordered a caprese to share.  They split it for us. Also got the ravioli which I requested in a cream sauce.  Everything is always wonderful here.  I like the German Riesling also.
3	Quite expensive for limited menu, paying high prices because of location rather than food which was very mediocre. Bread given at beginning of meal was nice, but that is about all.
3	I do enjoy Farraro's. I like the location, I like the food, and I like the service. However, with such a huge influx of Italian options in Las Vegas, not to mention the countless celebrity chef Italian options on the strip - I think the menu prices are a little outrageous . We use to go in almost weekly for 50% off for locals, but they recently reduced this to 25% which has now lured us elsewhere.
4	Entering the restaurant you immediately feel the warm and friendly atmosphere. The large dining room opens to the right and at the far end is an alcove with several tables. This area is open to the dining room on one side and offers a more secluded dining experience. Our server was friendly and helpful throughout the evening. The dining room temperature was a little cool and the hostess offered my wife a shawl while they adjusted the thermostat. I thought this was a nice touch. I recommend the Caprese di Bufala: Bufala Mozzarella, Heirloom Tomatoes, Basil, Pine Nuts, Balsamic Vinegar and Olive Oil as a starter. The Mozzarella was moist and the tomatoes juicy.Pollo Piccata: Chicken Breast, Capers, Lemon, Butter and White Wine. Good chicken, but a little salty. The side order of roasted potatoes was good size portion, enough for 2 people.Osso Bucco veal shank braised in red wine reduction and served with Faro was perfectly cooked. I thoroughly enjoyed the entree.The wine book is huge with too few domestic selections by the glass but with some help we found some choices.Currently if you dine before 5:30 it's 50% off the entire menu. The time worked perfectly since we were going to the theater.
4	Unassuming Local destination in a strip mall down past PH and The Hard rock was our 5 party destination this evening as we find more and more the local places are much better than the high end Hype of the restaurants in the Hotels on the strip.Arrive 25 minutes early for our reservation and are immediately seated. Place is very modern upscale Italian eatery with various rooms, nooks, crannies, side rooms etc that gives each type of patron from an intimate 2 top to a larger party options.  Quickly presented with the bottled water option, the wine list etc and two wonderful valued Sicilian wines are offered and IN VINTAGE.  Some garlic bread and rolls are presented with an Olive Oil garlic dipping sauce but the bread is Not hot and garlic bread simply cold.  Various specials are given and many lean hard on White Truffles which are an additional $80.00 to any entree BE CAREFUL HERE on this part. If you stick to the basic menu you will be very satisfied. Appetizers in no particular order:Shrimp Lemon butter Garlic two large shrimp in a delicate sauce were very fresh and extremely tasty. Stuffed pepper "nonna's" with beef, veal, mozerella, and eggplant topped with an unassuming marinara sauce was very much top shelf. Ceasar salad was very authentic with hearts of unbroken romaine lettuce with large slices of cheese covered with dressing heavy on anchovies and a hard boiled egg for esthetics. The Real winner was the Meatballs which were absolutely outstanding. Entrees:  No particular orderVeal marsala was two pieces of nice tender scalopini with a delicate sauce roasted potatoes and brocollini.  Thought the amount of veal was a little light for the price point but a 7 out of 10 taste wise. Two Special Veal Osso Bucco one with "Faro" not quite sure what that is were absolutely fresh and outstanding, quality and taste wise. $45.00The best thing on the table was the Grilled Veal chop hanging off the bone it was by far one of the best Chops I've ever tasted.  With some nice mushrooms it was clearly one of the finest dishes presented. LOSER: My entree  Pasta Carbonara was almost cold as you can see the cream sauce congealing as it sat.  The peas were almost not cooked as the were hard like rocks and the overall taste of the dish was lacking in every facet on a 1-10 this one gets a 1 Really NOT AT ALL what was expected as they rave about home made pastas.Skipping desert and coffee - it took some time to get the check and the appetizers came quickly while there was a significant delay in delivery of dinner entrees. Place was packed but still a little slow on delivery. Also was told our Taxi was waiting outside and we go out and nobody has any idea what we are talking about. All and all a definite repeat they need to tighten up a few things to get my 5 star rating. NOTE LOCALS with Nevada ID can get on their local club which gives 25% off the ENTIRE CHECK... That alone with mostly wonderful food will get us back there.
5	My second visit to Ferraro's was as good as my first.  I'm pretty certain there is not a bad choice on the menu.  The service was fantastic and I'm pretty certain my dining companions were every bit as pleased with their selections as I was with mine.  Definitely a recommendation for anyone looking for great Italian food with awesome service and a wonderful atmosphere.
4	4 of us had the special Thanksgiving menu.  Very good, very reasonable, but not as good while much more reasonable than their incomparable osso bucco.  Highly recommended.
5	I came here because I wanted some good Italian food.  I needed some recommendations so where did I look?  Yelp, of course!  And you all did not disappoint!  I had the Spaghettini Scoglio, which had shrimp, scallops, lobster, clams, calamari in a tangy tomato sauce. Our waiter Eric was phenomenoal.  Super great service and very personable.  I will definitely be back!
4	Great authentic Italian food but not the greatest service. Mozzarella in the Caprese salad was fresh and delicious. Meatballs were great. Service was slow and not particularly attentive but maybe that is the authentic Italian way!
3	My family came here for Christmas dinner.  Overall, I enjoyed by food but our waitress was bit brisk and not very attentive.  I am sure it was because she was working on Christmas day but if you are in a customer driven field, expect to work on holidays and be nice about it.My Grey Goose and cranberry cocktail was good but my mom's Bombay .Sapphire and topic was not very good.  She said the tonic was flat.  I started with the insalata mimmo - good flavor and I love avocado and mozzarella cheese.  It was very tasty.For the entrees, I had the veal pic
4	Fantastic option if you need a great affordable meal off-strip.
5	Used yelp to find this one. In town for work. Based on location, I was a little surprised at the prices but... It was wonderful!!!! The best gnocchi I've ever eaten! Little pillows from heaven! I couldn't wait to eat the leftovers the next day. I also had the heirloom tomato salad. Yum! My server was great and made a point to check in with me frequently and chat, I assume because I was dining by myself. I will go back at my 1st opportunity!
5	After doing much research to find a good and unique Italian Restaurant, we went to Ferraro's.  Upscale decor, warm and very inviting.  We live in Atlanta and visit family in Vegas.  After cocktails, and wonderful fresh salads, we ordered our entree's.  I requested a special version of Spaghettini Scoglio and it came out perfect!!  My husband had the fish special and mom had Lobster Ravioli, which was great.  Deserts were a perfect ending.  Everything here is fresh, natural (Grass Fed, no antibiotics) meats, and pasta's from scratch every day.  The owner actually took us on a behind the scene tour and the kitchen is spotless!  They go to great links to make sure the entire restaurant very clean.  LOVE IT!!!  We plan to visit again very soon!!!!
5	Had lunch here and the food and wine selection are excellent.  The wait help is very service oriented.  There homemade pasta is awesome.  I visit every trip I go to Vegas. This is one of my favorites in Vegas.
4	The food was delicious, the service was phenomenal and the price was good! I definitely recommend the penne de pollo.
2	I left Ferraro's disappointed. Good service could not make up for lackluster, overpriced food. I had the Caesar Salad and the Risotto Aragosta e Tartufo Nero (Italian vialone nano rice, lobster meat, seasonal black truffles, mascarpone, truffle oil).   The Caesar salad was good. Two hearts of romaine topped with a decent Caesar dressing and shaved Parmigiano Reggiano cheese. The Risotto was a total disappointment. If there was any lobster meat in it, I couldn't tell. I could neither see any or taste it. To make matters worse, I could not pick out any truffle taste in the Risotto.  So, essentially I had what amounted to a $38.00 bowl of rice. Even though someone else paid for my dinner, I felt cheated!On a brighter note, the three people in our party that had the Seafood Pasta absolutely raved about their dishes. The four others in the party neither complained  nor expressed anything positive about their meals. Finally, Ferraro's does not allow any outside wine. So, if you have a special bottle for a special occasion, plan on going somewhere else!The best way to sum up Ferraro's is: Michelin-rated prices with Yelp 3 star food.
5	i went to the restaurant last sunday and with three friends we stay on the lounge. we ask suggestions about the wine and our server Paolo with incredible passion suggest us a phenomenal barbera di asti from Michele chiarlo. listening the description of the menu and the specials we canno resist to have ossobuco and ribeye. absolutely exceptional and well paired with the wine. the family ambiance and the music make us very happy. for sure we will be back and maybe try a nice Barolo. we will talk with all our friends
5	Back again this time with 5 more picky eaters.    Everyone agreed Ferraros is a must in Vegas and he NC Carpet Binding crews 1st stop next year.    Food is amazing,  Eric great server.   Tell em Mal sent you.
2	I was in town for a convention last week and a friend of mine, who is a local, suggested we meet at this place.  He said the food was really good.  The food was pretty expensive and only average. Imagine Olive Garden at the double the price.  My spaghetti and meatballs were $28 I think and I didn't even want to finish it all.  The worst part was the VERY overpriced wine list.  I am an experienced wine drinker as I travel and collect wines.  The list was not very creative and most bottles I recognized had a 3x markup.  After carefully reviewing the wine list, I decided to order a beer as I have a hard time paying such marked up prices.  My buddy commented he will also not return.  I will say our server was very good though.
1	We are locals and dine at Ferraro's a lot, but we won't be back. The food was good but not the service. We went there with a restaurant.com cert which irritated the server, and the time before we went for their locals promotion only to be treated the same way. When our bill was presented she took the cert and when it was returned to us their was a 3.00 difference same with the locals promotion. She also had charged us for the most expensive glass of wine when we had the less expensive wine. We purchased two glasses at the bar at one price and were charged more at the table for the second glasses. This is the third time we have been treated this way by the same server. If they are going to offer specials they should honor them. We have dined and spent a lot there without discounts there was no reason to do this. We will not be back. Also the 18% gratuity that she added on the second bill was not necessary my daughter works in the industry so we always tip 20 to 25% so she lost out, wrong person to do this to. Never again
5	10pm in Las Vegas and you'd think too late to get a good meal but not true at Ferraro's Restaurant. These service professionals know exactly how to give Excellent Customer Service as soon as you walk in the door. All Bartenders waited on me in a proficient manner and Mario was extremely accomodating. After a bad day at work all you need is great service and excellent food to cheer you up. Thank you for putting a good ending to my day.
2	I lived in Italy for a few years abs my wife is from Vegas, so one if my favorite things to do when we're out here I'd try different Italian places. I do feel that the staff was pretty snooby and not at all welcoming. The server was American and didn't speak any Italian. (I think nice Italian places should have Italian staff that can pronounce the menu if they write it in Italian)The food was good and authentic, but way over priced. I have ate at many places that have better and more authentic food in Vegas. You do pay for the "wine bar"atmosphere. Very nice place, elegant, but a little too snooty for my liking. Italians are some if the most welcoming people and I like to get an Italian atmosphere when I pay as much as I did. The food you can get better for less elsewhere! If it were not for the high bill it would have got a better review, but when you charge me much higher prices, I expect better taste and better service... neither was found here.
5	Our favorite Italian place in Vegas. We usually come here for our anniversary every year. We love that it feels a bit old-school--white tablecloths, candles, the whole bit. The staff are very professional, knowledgeable, and friendly. It definitely feels like a special occasion when you eat here. Yes, it is expensive, but you get what you pay for. If you want cheap Italian food, go to Olive Garden!
5	I had an unexpected trip to Las Vegas recently.  Due to a later flight, I was starving for a good meal when I arrived.  On the way to my hotel I spotted Ferraro's from my cab.  I checked in and asked locals about this restaurant.  All comments were complimentary.  I walked over and received a friendly welcome.  My server had overwhelming knowledge about the food and wines available. I believe his name started with a P and he was definitely from Italy.  I love Pasta so he explained the dishes offered in detail.  I ordered Fettucini Pomodoro and asked the server to add shrimp and he said it would be no problem at all.  It was so delicious!  At one point, I needed extra butter for my bread which most servers always forget.  He came back with a large bowl of butter instantly.  I was very pleased with my whole dining experience due to the professionalism of my server, the taste of the food, the wine suggested, the ambiance and the family owned feeling.  A little slice of Italy in Las Vegas.  I am a fussy customer, but my server had all of the patience in the world with me.  I will certainly be back again.  Thank You Ferraro's!
4	I was searching to have a great Italian meal.  We arrived and realized the place was packed and we didn't have reservations.  We had to wait about 30 minutes.  I saw the  Maitre D and smiled at him.  He had a blank look on his face.  The girls at the front were trying to get us seated and had called us to be seated prematurely.  So, right from the start I wasn't getting the old school Italian feel.  Once seated the waiter was on point.  The bus person was on it with water and refilling the glasses.  I ordered their famous Ossobuco.  It was good but not great as I was hoping.  However, the pasta and sauce was cooked excellently.  I enjoyed that more.
5	Absolutely the BEST Italian food in Las Vegas PERIOD!I've been several times, the last time being Valentines Day.  When we arrived, the manager gives the ladies a rose, really nice touch.  At the end of dinner they gave us a complimentary desert to share, and it was fabulous.Every dish tastes individually made, with a sauce to die for.  The spaghetti sogleti (sko leo) is chuck full of calamari, lobster, clams, and shrimp.   But the best thing about this restaurant is the service.  Hands down the best service I've had in Las Vegas.  You can reserve a table online.  An extensive wine list!  Ambiance is fabulous.
5	We love Italy and good Italian food - this place feels like Italy and the food is great! The moscato grappa was a perfect end to our meal: smooth, sweet and the flavor if Italy.
4	The rice balls and beef carpaccio are top notch!
4	After being on the road most if the day driving in from Pasadena it was a pleasure to be greeted with a smile and seated. Being in jeans and t-shirt we were a bit underdressed but we just wanted good food fast. Warm bread with olive oil and balsamic, it was a little oil heavy for me but that's because I love lots of balsamic. The Caesar salad was different, good but different. I kick the croutons off since I don't eat them but in this case I couldn't do that. They used a bread crum mixture. Oh we it was still tasty just different. The seared scallops were sooooo tasty! The broccoli rabe was cooked to perfection. Have dessert! The Tiramisu was splendid! And the Pinot Noir was brilliant after a long road trip. Will return!
5	one of the best in town for off strip Italian done right.    ALways love it here, from the Osso Buco to the steaks and wine.  Stellar, delish!   5 star , service, food and price.  Enjoy your food, and relax and stay awhile, its cozy for a date in there....
4	What a wonderful dinner we had! This restaurant is only 2-3 blocks from the strip so it is within walking/driving distance. Valet parking is offered as well. Their menu had so much variety that I can't imagine anyone not being able to find something they would like. I had the pasta fagioli soup, and my friend had a salad. Both good. Our waiter even had an Italian accent and the wait staff in general was always prompt in serving us, clearing plates, refreshing beverages, etc. For the main course, I had the veal saltimbocca and my friend had the salmon. Both were wonderful. Even the bread was good (and I am not usually a bread person!). This is a place I would definitely visit again and will recommend to anyone in the mood for a great Italian meal. It is not cheap, but if it is a special night, or you have the budget for it, it is worth it. They also have a large, private room for parties and groups. We went on a Thursday night and it was packed. A reservation would be recommended.
5	I absolutely would recommend Ferraro's.  I am never disappointed when dining there. The service and food is always excellent!!!!!!
5	Dinner was tasty and hot. Had calamari and shrimp. Pasta and dessert were great. Service was professional and well timed. Gave nice suggestion that were spot on. Have been here several times. They really take care of locals. Will be back for sure.
5	Delicious is an understatement!!!! This place has superb food, superb service,and great prices! Our server, Tony, was not only authentic (Italian) but knowledgeable and extraordinary attentive to us. Truly made my birthday dinner special! Thank you Tony!!
5	Incredible food, superb service, great wine list. Will have to eat here the next time I come back to Las Vegas.
5	Had some friends visiting Las Vegas and they made a reservation here on a Tuesday night at 6:45 pm. We showed up about 20 minutes early and got a table immediately in the back room of the restaurant next to a table that was set up for a large party. Our server, Kimberly, greeted us and went though the water preference, specials and "things we needed to know" spiel. My boyfriend was currently doing a water cleanse and was not dining. She was very accommodating and VERY nonjudgemental, engaging him in questions about the cleanse and alerting the bus boys to not fill his water glass throughout our visit. Our friends ordered a nice bottle of wine and I ordered a glass of white (told her I liked sweet and she immediately suggested Moscato which I could not drink fast enough!). I had a caesar salad before my meal  and it was delicious. We shared a beef carpaccio which Kimberly cut and served to us. Again, delicious. Then, on to the main courses. I had lobster ravioli topped with a nice cream sauce and shaved asparagus. TO DIE FOR!!!!! My friends had the rabbit and veal both of which did not disappoint. Dessert was also amazing, we had cannoli, tiramisu, crepes with nutella (!!!!!!!!!!!!) and poached pears. I loved that my cappuccino came with a rock candy sugar stick to sweeten, I have never sent that before. Although Kimberly's large party arrived while we were mid-meal, she remained attentive as did the server assistants. I was more than pleased with my experience and cannot wait to dine here again. Everything was perfect from the first impression, Kimberly's service and to the maitre d' sending us waddling into the night with a handshake. Not going to dinner here is doing yourself a HUGE disservice. Do not miss out on Ferraro's! *** Also they LOVE locals!!!!
5	Back to ferraros thursday late night and this time we enjoy some pappardelle mimmo and pollo parmigiana. we love tha ambiance at the late night and specially service and music. and we love to meet with friends after work. we really love the selection of wines by the glass and the service. a touch of italy. see you soon!
5	This is my absolute favorite place to eat in Las Vegas.  Sitting in an unassuming shopping center across from the Hard Rock in Las Vegas sits a great eating experience.The Osso Buco is awesome.  I finally ate outside on the patio and it was great.  All the servers are amazing - if you are looking for a place to take a date, she (or he) will be impressed!I've been here about 10 times, I come to Las Vegas often (poker tables!) and I almost always come to Ferraro's once each time.A few months ago I had Thanksgiving dinner here. First time in 50 years that I didn't have turkey!  I had the Dover Sole and it was amazing.  But what makes this place really shine are the wait staff.  Friendly and wonderful without being overly solicitous they make the meal!  Our server for that meal made it my top four dining experiences of all time.  Joe the Sommelier is warm, friendly and very knowledgeable.Make a reservation (but they usually can squeeze you in anyway!) it gets packed, but I can't think of a better meal in a town known for amazing culinary experiences.My four best meals NOT in order (perfect food, and even more perfect wait staff):1) Joe's Stone Crab in Chicago2) Micheal Mina's in San Francisco (not fair though - they thought I was from corporate and tried to comp my meal (I didn't let them)3) Ferraro's Las Vegas4) The Four Seasons NYC
5	What a great place off the strip and full of flavor great service and good value.We will be back.  Thank you for a great experience.
3	If you're staying on the Strip and you want a higher end Italian option Ferraro's is worth the hassle to go off Strip to try. All of the Italian classics and typical favorites are well represented and very well prepared here. The wine list is truly extensive, and the staff's recommendations at least at my table during my visit was perfect.It should be noted that the decor of the place (which tries to upscale it's location at the end of a strip mall  and almost pulls it off) could use some attention to detail. One should not have torn artwork hanging on the walls as I found in the side room I was in. And while the wine recommendations were spot on, there were times our table felt ignored...drinks were not tended to, plates were not cleared in a timely manner...in short Ferraro's is a good experience when you're enjoying what's on your plate, but when I'm sitting there with 2 empty glasses for over 15 minutes...at this price point that's not acceptable. 3 Stars. (1 Star docked due to inattentive service).
5	GNOCCHI GNOCCHI GNOCCHI.  I lived in Argentina for two years, and Gnocchi was my favorite meal.   So many Italians down there, so many good types of homemade pasta.  The gnocchi at Ferraro's is easily the best I have ever had that was not homemade, simply because it tasted homemade.  The sorbet?  To die for.  Truly, every single meal was spectacular, from pasta to steak to sea food.  The salads were delicious and not too large of portions, the wine was exquisite, and service was great.  From the moment we walked in we were well taken care of, the servers were friendly and helpful, and good at their jobs.  The head guy even stopped by to say hey, which was pretty awesome.  The atmosphere of this place was equally amazing.  So much wine, a performer singing covers that were well done and popular (it could be a little quieter) and a good lighting.   If you are looking for a nice dinner for a date, a group, whatever, and Italian is what you are craving, GO TO FERRARO'S!!!!!
2	Had the chicken parmesan. First time I did NOT receive spaghetti with this dish; every other restaurant that I order this I get spaghetti. Disappointed in that and the fact  that the price was too high for what was delivered. Food was delicious and ambience was nice. Our group had consensus that was too pricey.
5	Epic atmosphere and quality service. Amanda was by far the best server we have had in Las Vegas. We came in for Valentines Day and truly had a wonderful experience.  Amanda made our night and will be going back for future visits in Las Vegas
4	Las Vegas is never in want of fine dining and I am constantly surprised by what one can find just around the corner. There are so many great restaurants all within a half-mile radius of Ferraro's and and  the restaurant definitely stood out exuding its over 25 years of charming, old-world elegant presence. The interior decor is classical Italian. A bar is located to the left upon entering the restaurant. People can order drinks while waiting. Plenty of great seating on the outer patio offering nice ambiance and the area is particularly wonderful on a cool evening under the heated lamps and round fire pits.All of the dishes served were very well-prepared with great depth of flavor. The caprese and the osso buco were espcially excellent. Dessert was most decadent and delightful.- Appetizer trio:  ravioli, crab cake and seared scallop- Caprese di Bufala - heirloom tamatoes, buffalo mozzarella, pine nuts- Osso buco - Braised veal shank with farro grain- Filetto di Manzo - 8oz prime filet mignon topped with mushrooms- Dessert - cannoli and tiramisuService was excellent. Valet parking available. Will definitely return to sample other dishes on their menu.
5	From the moment we walked in the door they made us feel welcome, the staff was absolutely excellent and the food was even better!!!
5	Wonderful family-owned restaurant with the best Italian food in Las Vegas.
4	I have eaten here twice and the food was spectacular both times. The first time I ordered the Gorgonzola salad (the exact name escapes me at the moment) which was like a dance of different favors in mouth -soft, buttery, sweet butter lettuce; Gorgonzola crumbles; balsamic and ranch; almond slices. The tangy-ness of the vinegar provided the perfect balance to the almonds. Great salad (got it again for lunch today )! Think of it as a wedge salad with butter lettuce. My dinner entree during first visit was the pappardelle mimmo. Pasta cooked well, large chunks of lobster meat throughout and big hunks of scallops. The truffles added a nice smoky richness. Awesome! I had the gnocchi bolognese for lunch today. Melt in your mouth goodness! Literally!  I liked the way the gnocchi stuck to the roof of my mouth. Meat sauce not too red and tomato-y, just the right balance of meat. Subtle, rich flavors! Everything was great! I have to knock a star because bread was not warm. Hard on the outside, moist on the inside but not warm at all! Service on point. Will return!
5	i loved the place, the food and the service. great decision i made by making a reservation in this place. even the salad was awesome, i will definitely come back
4	We split a Barbabietole Pistacchio e Caprino (beet salad) and then had Rigatoni Toscano which had just the right amount of spice! It was a great dinner and had Monetti LaRossa beer. Great dinner to start the weekend. Can't go wrong with this place!
3	Ferraro's is getting a solid 3 stars from me.The restaurant is decked out in nice rustic Italian fashion with dim lighting and white table cloths. My party and I arrived about 10 minutes earlier than our reservation slot, but we were seated immediately anyway.As per the norm of most Italian restaurants, warm bread was brought to the table in a basket covered with a napkin. Brought along with the fresh bread was a ramekin filled with a delicious concoction of what I believed to be olive oil, a bit of roasted garlic, and perhaps a hint of pesto. For appetizers we went with the calamari fritti (fried calamari) which was adorned with a lemon and marinara topped with red pepper flakes. Overall the calamari was mediocre, in my opinion.For my entree I went for the Bucatini Corti all'Amatriciana. A $24 plate of thick, but hollow bucatini noodles topped with Italian bacon, onions, red wine vinegar, and red pepper flakes. I've had variations of this dish in the past but this particular one did not rank up near the top with the others. Don't get me wrong, I knew exactly what I was getting into with my order however for the price I was expecting to be wowed. Unfortunately, I was not. I am making a general assumption in that the dish prices are predicated upon the restaurant's proximity to the strip, and I am certain the cost of the bacon is something to take note of.The waitstaff certainly deserved 5 stars. Friendliness, knowledge of the menu, and attentiveness were definitely their strong suits that evening. I did feel bad for the bussers who had to constantly refill the tiny water glasses in front of us, but I suppose I could've just asked for a larger glass.
5	Had a Caesar salad as an appetizer and then I had the spaghetti and meatballs. Absolutely delicious! Service was great! We watched the FIFA world cup on a big screen and had some yummy cappuccino as well. This Italian place never fails for us!
5	By far one of the best experiences ever ! The food is amazing for such a reasonable price !
5	Gino (owner)and Mimmo ( son) top chef know how to make you happy, this is a Great Italian restaurant- keep it Italian but all the Veals are terrific. One of my favorites is home made Italian sausage, made daily, Great wines, friendly people,  in door and outdoor eating. I recommend this for romantic dates to business parties in privite rooms to 5-7-10-15 25 groups. Enjoy
5	Went for a partner dinner after a convention. We were a large group of about 30 and the service was on point. Staff was able to keep up with drinks and bringing food out in timely manner and to the right person. Everyone was eating at the same time which at most places doesn't happen.I had the porcini rubbed ribeye 20oz and honestly I enjoyed it more than the steak I had at N9NE steak house at the palms. Amazing flavor great marbling!Calamari was fresh and tender and well seasoned. Marinara was fresh with chunks of tomato. Also had a buffalo capresi salad and a small tasting app which was not on menu but had special ravioli lobster risotto and homemade sausage. All delish! Be prepared for high pricing even on pasta dishes. That's would be my only negative is the overall cost.Def worth a trip off the strip and after dinner you can walk across the street to hard rock!
4	I was pleasantly surprised by this Italian eatery tucked away in a strip mall just across from the Hard Rock Hotel.  It came as a recommendation from a fellow Denverite who knows his Italian food.  My wife, two children, and two business partners attended dinner here over the weekend.  I had the Agnolotti which I thought was pretty good.  My wife had the Spaghetti Polpette and kids had the white pizza.  Later I found out my wife found a strand of hair in her spaghetti but short of that everything was amazing.  The ambiance is that of an upscale Italian restaurant which was a surprise given the rough exterior.  Overall, I'm pleased and I'd recommend others try it out.
5	Loved our visit to Ferraro ' s. We took out 6 and 8 year old, and they were treated like little princesses. There isn't a kid's menu, but they were able to pick a pasta and get a "side sized" portion. Fettuccine Mare Monte was very good. Cannoli was a huge hit. Very nice restaurant, not in a Casino. You'll be well taken care of.
5	Recommended by our Taxi driver on a way to another Restaurant. We were pleasantly surprised. Our server was very helpful and the food was excellent. The wine was also very good. Felt great to support a local family restaurant, will definitely go back on nest trip!!!'
5	We had an amazing meal last night.  The staff was very attentive to our grandson's allergy restrictions.  It is always a challenge to get the point across when there are allergy problems.   We had a super time.  Food was extraordinary and then we were surprised with dessert.   Thanks for making memories for our family.  We will be back
4	Peperoni Ripieno is a great start- stuffed pepper w/ pegg plant cheese, bread crumbs with topped mozzarella! So good!  Osso Buck - veal shank braised in red wine reduction served with farro! Excellent!
5	When I'm in the mood for Italian food (which is pretty much every day), there's no place I'd rather go than Ferraros.   I've been a regular since I moved to Vegas three years ago and my girlfriend even gets frustrated because it's the only place I ever want to eat.  For a great lunch join Nina at the bar.  The "love your lunch" specials include soup or salad and a delicious entree!  Free for happy hour?   The small plates happy hour menu is the best deal in town.  Ask for Anna, she's the sweetest waitress in the lounge.   If you are a Vegas local, Ferraros has AMAZING local deals every night....just ask your server.  If you sit in the dining room you need to ask for Kimberly. Not only is she knowledgeable about the menu, but so funny and makes for a most enjoyable evening. My favorite dishes include  all the homemade pastas, the osso buco,  carpaccio,  the dover sole.....and I always save room for the pistachio passion!  For a romantic date night,  dinner with the parents,  or boys night out.....Ferraros is the best restaurant in Las Vegas!
5	THE most authentic Italian Restaurant in Las Vegas! Amazing experience from the moment you step inside the restaurant.  Very friendly staff and always willing to help make your dining experience the best! Family owned restaurant , the food will not disappoint,  almost everything is homemade and the wine selection is almost overwhelming.  I highly recommend the Carpaccio di Manzo to start and the Dover Sole (deboned at the table) as main dish. They always have many specials , including locals. Overall highly recommend this restaurant! !
5	Hi I'm from New York Friday 7/252014 I'm go to heat in ferraros Italian restaurant e wine bar located in 4480 paradise road Las Vegas nevada 89169 raccomanded by friends on my I go to inside this beautiful classy family restaurant whit really Italian atmospery the personal is amazing helpful ,I'm order  Spaghettini Scoglio, whit shrimp, scallops, lobster, clams, calamari in a tomato sauce. And my friends order ha lasagna whit mozzarella in top the taste is superlative y never heat Delicious Italian food Like ferraros befor Ourserver was fantastic.  Super great service and very personable.  I will definitely be back whit my family nex time thank you .
5	Unreal. Wonderful family run establishment. I've dined here now 8-9 times. From the moment you walk in the friendly, courteous staff are there for you! ! The food, nothing short of phenomenal, from the veal dishes to the handmade pasta, all ridiculously good and prepared fresh to order. Unbelievable wine list for you wine lovers as well. I'm literally drooling just writing this review. Can't wait to return. Enjoy this off the strip gem.
5	If you know the difference between authentic Italian and Americanized Italian, this is the only place in Las Vegas to go. Having grown up in an Italian family, this is the only restaurant in Las Vegas that serves the kind of homemade dishes that my parents and grandparents made for dinner, especially on Sundays. The pasta is homemade and all the sauces are made from scratch. The vibe you get from the entire staff makes it obvious that Ferraro's is a family run business from the minute you walk through the door to the end of dinner. It is not like in the casinos where everything is so corporate and robotic. My opinion comes from 25 years working in the restaurant business (most of which I spent in the kitchen) and from my 100% Italian ancestry.
5	Ossobuco house specialty,Great fresh pasta, outstanding wine list and live music. What else can you ask for?
5	Perfect restaurant and to be honest with you is the best one I found for my entire week in Vegas.  Also the hospitality is amazing.
5	I took a customer here last week for dinner. First of all, the service was impeccable and the food was delicious! Fresh, hot and timely was the food. For appetizers we had Capresso di Bufala, Gnocchi and Calamari. My guest had sole that was deboned at the table. My guest said it was wonderful. I had a rubbed bone in ribeye that was cooked to perfection. I'll be back on my next Vegas trip.
3	solid 3.5 stars. nice atmosphere, good food. service could've been a little better, but was ok. I would come back.
5	Nice place very fresh food Ossobucco very tasty and tender Great service and good live musicThanks chef Mimmo
5	It has been a a while since I have been to a restaurant that has great service and amazing food at the same time. I been to tons of fancy restaurants in California and all over America. The evenings specials were all unique to the original menu. I went with the 20 ounce rib eye and the gf went with the Chilean Sea Bass. The steak was cooked to perfection and the side of rustic potatoes were crispy thru the end. I tried her sea bass, and I can honestly say that it was the best fish dish I've had in my life. The fish had salty roasted peppers on the side and it perfectly complimented the delicate fish. It was literally melting in my mouth. My steak was perfect, but I could not stop eating her Chilean Sea bass. The service was one of the best I have ever experienced. I am not just saying this because the food so good it blinded me. The service was really top notch.Our waiter, the older bald gentleman, sorry I can't remember his name. Was really attentive and genuine with his speech. He wasn't over bearing or overly friendly to the point where it annoying. Straight to the point and very prompt with everything. I been to  masteros and it is one of the most pretentious places on the planet. I am pretty sure masteros gave my gf a usda choice cut of steak and charged us for prime because they thought we are young and wouldn't notice the difference. I have a feeling a lot of high end restaurants do this. They have cheaper cuts on the side for suckers that they think won't notice the difference.  Anyway, forget all other restaurants, I will recommend all my friends to Ferraaro's. Don't be fooled by the plaza. Go in and try the sea bass
5	Found my new favorite restaurant in Vegas and can't wait to be back! We didn't have a reservation on a Saturday night but were welcomed in to sit at the bar, where they serve the full menu. I can't really comment on the regular wait staff but our bartender/waiter, Christian, was good and attentive, even though I know he was busy. I loved the ambiance of the place and there was a good, live singer/piano player that was nice and not too loud. I had a delicious glass of wine from Montepulciano, after getting an honest opinion from the bartender to help me choose. We ordered a caesar salad (decent) and the caprese, which was incredible! Fresh, juicy tomatoes with a high quality mozzarella, olive oil, pine nuts and basil. But what I really have to rave about was the rigatoni with sausage and cannellini beans! Ingredients tasted so fresh and the dish was truly done to perfection. I normally wouldn't have ordered this but the bartender recommended it and I was so glad he did. We also had the spaghettini with shellfish and calamari in a tomato based sauce, which was also very delicious and LOADED with seafood! We topped all this off with the cannoli, which is not typically my favorite dessert but came recommended by a fellow regular patron at the bar and it was also amazing! I will seriously be salivating until the next time I get to eat here!
4	$10.95 lunch special - choice of soup or salad and entree choice of salmon (small side of rigatoni with simple red sauce), pesto chicken (small side of the rigatoni pasta) or pasta dish with olives, tomato sauce and anchovies.Ordered pesto chicken with pasta fagioli soup. The soup was one of the best I have had. Good bean to noodle ratio and broth was not super runny. Good use of fresh ingredients.Chicken with pesto sauce was okay - thinly pressed chicken but the pesto was missing something. Pretty plain sauce for pesto. The small rigatoni pasta side (comes with lunch special ) has a good tomato and basil homestyle flavor.Bread basket and olive oil is good. The olive oil has oregano and pesto in it - good taste and the bread is fresh!Good, attentive servers, hosts, managers and staff.
5	Me & the hubby went for lunch last week and the food was amazing!  Our waitress/bartender provided awesome service.  This is one of those places I would like to try everything on the menu.
5	This was a fantastic experience.!    Eric Schultz was a great host.  The beef carpachio was excellent.   The service was as good as the food.   Family owned and operated.   We had a 6 course meal for two on our anniversary and the cost before tip was 140.
3	Went for friends Bday. Paid  $30 for pasta and sauce.  Party of 8. we were rushed in and rushed out. its a dress up place. very and loud and live music. They do have little cubbies  for private parties but money talks and poor people climb out the restroom window (they have a restroom attendant).
5	Incredible service. Food was amazing. I had 100$ credit from restaurant. Com, which I could use with no less than 200$ bill. At first I was not sure if I should trust it but I enjoyed every second as soon as we arrived. I've been in many fancy and expensive restaurants and travelled a lot, this restaurant is in my list of favorites. The food was AMAZING. We ordered 5 more dishes and all of them were perfect. No buttery aftertaste, like many restaurants have. Oh, at the end they brought a delicious tiramisu with the candle for my birthday. the waiter was very knowledgable, friendly and professional. They also had a nice piano player. The environment was warm and friendly, nice and clean. I will come back here for sure.
5	This place is a great local gem, totally worth the drive from your neighborhood or perfect for anyone visiting.  The food is amazing, fresh ingredients, homemade, special touches.  I just came to celebrate my parents 39th anniversary and they made it very special.  My husband and I will be back soon, maybe to check out the late night menu that's offered until 2 am.
5	Wonderful. Great food, service and atmosphere. Luv, luv, luv the beef carpaccio. Went after the Rock n roll marathon. Sat in the bar. Very intimate and comfortable.
5	Tasty food, and excellent service. Our server Elizabeth was amazing and attentive. They don't have the live band on Sunday's I guess, but any other night you can enjoy the food, ambiance, and fine dining with good music. Go!
5	FERRAROs WAS A WONDERFUL TREAT ON A SUNDAY. OUR SERVER ELIZABETH WAS VERY knowledgeable and friendly.  The Dover sole and chicken picata were delicious.  The Buffalo mozzarella caprese and Caesar salad very fresh and tasty. We capped the dinner with Nutella crepes. And the locals discount just topped the evening.  I will and we will return very soon.
5	Authentic Italian cuisine that will make you want to come back and try everything on the menu! Went for my parents anniversary dinner and the food & service was top notch. Meatballs were amazing! Yummmm
5	Great italian restaurant in Vegas!  It is tough finding a good italian restaurant off the Strip. Ambiance, service and food were superb!!
5	Exceptional service. 5 stars all the way, waiters knew the menu and were very friendly. I highly recommend the rabbit, and lobster ravioli. The fact we had an option to order small portions (Tapas) and were able to try more then one meal (four each to be exact) was phenomenal. When visiting Vegas please stop by and try it out. Being italian and raised around good food, here and in Italy, I am very particular with my Italian food and for myself to recommend an Italian restaurant is extremely rare. A+
5	ROUND 7....Food still lights out, Eric still amazing.  The Burrata was off the charts good.  I couldn't decide what to get so Eric had them prepare me both entrees for dinner.
1	I am not sure what everyone sees in this place. First of all it's very stuffy feeling Italian restaurant and the food was not as great as I expected nor was service. Capos is far better for quality of food, taste, for service and for price. This was a let down!
5	Review from 2010 that didn't post - Ate there last night. It was amazing. Our waiter was named Wally and he was great.  I had the filet mignon and it was perfect.  The owner stopped by and was so friendly and gracious.  Definitely would eat there again.
5	Great dinner. The Oso Bucco was delicious.  My little pet peeve was when I visited the rest room the attendant was on the phone. Also there were a lot of tourists who were very loud. But but our food was wonderful & our waiter & Busboy were very attentive. A very pleasant experience.
4	First of all, we were greeted by Mimmo Ferraro who is the son of Ferraro's owners Gino and Rosalba Ferraro. I just realized that when I saw the menu. I ordered Pappardelle Mimmo (House made pappardelle pasta with scallops, lobster, asparagus, butter, sage, truffle oil) which was pretty amazing. I also love how their Pasta is cooked al dente. They have this super thick book for their wine list. I had a taste of one of their Pinot Noir (forgot which one) and also their Blood Orange Cosmo which was very tasteful in a good way. I didn't have the time to order any dessert which was unfortunate. I will definitely be coming back. Plus they have a local discount.
5	Tonight was not the first time we've eaten at this wonderful restaurant. Tonight our waiter was Paolo. He was quite engaging and his wine knowledge was amazing. Not a white wine lover, he recommended a Sauvignon Blanc that was awesome with my meal. I always choose a fish special while hubby is addicted to the Veal Piccata. Tonight my choice was between Dover Sole and Chilean Sea Bass. I had the Sole last time ( it was perfect) so I chose the Bass tonight.  It was juicy, silky and seasoned perfectly.The atmosphere is elegant and upscale, a pleasant change for Las Vegas "strip mall" restaurants. This is a must try dining experience.
4	My friend and I arrived here before the group and I told the waiter we were party of 7. But he gave us a look like he didn't believe us or something. Another person came over and asked us and did the same thing. For happy hour we were able to get a table at the lounge area, the place was elegant and upscale and spacious.  Finally when everyone showed up, everything seemed to be fine. The food was good. The waiter also arranged a wine tour to the wine cellar located inside the restaurant.They have happy hour almost everyday and specials include a reduced price antipastini menu, reduced priced specialty cocktails, house wine and beer, from 4 p.m until 7 p.m and special late night reverse happy hour again from 11 p.m. until 2 a.m.
5	It's almost unfair to rate Ferraro's as a restaurant because it's much more a dining experience.  Absolutely the BEST Italian food I have ever had, anywhere, including Milan, Venice, and Rome.....go figure.  My suggestion to you is a simple one.  Save a little extra money to have a really great meal here.  When you arrive at the restaurant, give the menus back and ask them to take care of you.  Gino and Walter were absolutely fantastic.  I'm already planning my next trip back to Vegas just to take my wife to Ferraros.  Yes, it was that good.  For those who are interested, our party had the Buca Amatrician, the home homemade sausage, Meatballs, rabbit, Ossobuco, truffles, a couple other things and two bottles of wine:  Batasiolo Barolo and an Arcanum.....Yes, I just read all that stuff directly off the receipt:)
4	My wife and I asked Siri for directions to the best Italian in the area and for the first time I think she got it right!Eric was our waiter and did a spectacular job thank you Eric we would recommend you to our friends and everyone to try Ferraros!Loved the bass and scallops and the tomato salad!DJM
4	I have passed this placed many times and paid no attention. Was invited tonight by a friend. Was very pleasantly surprised. Nice food music and atmosphere. I will be back for my  birthday in a few weeks. Caution if you are looking for a bargain you won't find one here and that is fine with me. Very up scale restaurant.
4	Went in for an early dinner. Had the calamari and chicken Parmesan. The calamari was cooked perfectly. The pasta that came with the chicken Parmesan was ok but the chicken Parmesan itself was very good. The service staff was phenomenal. Definitely worth checking out.
4	I was there for business and staying across the street at the Hard Rock. It was our last night and we finished up at the trade show and needed a place to eat. The Bell Hop told us to go here. I had Salmon which was honestly the best I have ever had. My coworker had filet minon and He said it was incredible. The waiter was knowledgable but seemed too busy flirting with a couple girls instead of checking in on us. I would recommend this restaurant.
3	Went last night for a late dinner around 10pm. The service and ambiance were great. I loved the entertainment. The food was pretty good except for my lamb. I ordered it medium rare and it came out well done. It was the worst lamb I ever had.
5	I was in Vegas with my favorite Aunties and they had received a recommendation to "absolutely try" this restaurant. Let me back up for a moment so we can put this review into context: I JUST arrived home after a fun very "Vegas-y" trip to Vegas and despite how tired I am, I just HAD to write about my experience at Ferraro's. Yes. It was that good.First, the restaurant is beautiful. It is large and open with dining rooms branching off from a gorgeous and inviting bar area (which is framed by their impressive wine vault!)We started by having a cocktail in the bar where both the drinks and the service were fantastic. We sat and started the somewhat painful process of narrowing down our menu selections to a handful of items. Everything both on the regular menu and the specials sounded great (they even managed to make tripe sound appetizing) but we settled on a burrata with proscuitto for a started and the buccatini and mushroom risotto for our "secondi." The buratta some of the best I've ever had and all three of us finished our risotto and pasta as they were both so flavorful with layers upon layers of depth of flavor. Main course was a seabass on the special menu and I fear I've run out of adjectives (be nice- I did just return from Vegas!) to describe how fantastic it was. Ethereal and perfectly cooked in texture with a light and flavorful white wine reduction. I could wax poetic about their vast wine selection for hours. Some of the bottles they have- and reasonably priced, I might add - you'd be challenged to find anywhere else in Vegas or even the western U.S. ENORMOUS Italian wine collection and the owner and staff are available and well-versed in their offerings and can guide you to the perfect selection. The only thing I'd change, and this is such a small little gripe, I'd love to see more Argentine wines on the menu as I think they could fit with the food so nicely!Yes, it's off the strip- TAKE A CAB! You will want to drink enough wine to challenge the legal limit without a doubt. It's worth the journey and I doubt there will ever be another trip to Vegas, no matter how short, where I won't make a point to eat here. The place is magical in a way so few restaurants can achieve.
4	We stopped in for lunch and the food was very good!  Will make a point of trying to get back for dinner one night. The location is directly across from the Hard Rock ... Easy to find!
5	Best Italian food in town! The service and food are impeccable! Love love love it there! It's a must go people!
5	Wow. Top notch restaurant!!!! Oscobusco the best. Sea bass melts in ur mouth. My waiter Pualo the best
4	The food here is excellent. This was my second visit and everything from the appetizer to the dessert were terrific. The only issue I had this time around was that we felt very rushed by the waitress which we didn't feel last time with the waiter. It was my wife's birthday and when I asked if a dessert with a candle could be brought out I was told they don't have candles. Sort of odd but I got the impression they just wanted to wrap up the meal. All in all the food is great and the atmosphere too is great.
5	We just came here for the first time for my birthday dinner. It was a very quiet Sunday night. Not a lot of people dining, which was nice because we had great service and the food came out quickly. We brought my son who is s toddler and they were very welcoming of him. A lot of times nicer restaurants make you feel bad when bringing in a kid. They did not. The wine menu is HUGE! It can probably be a bit overwhelming if you are not a wine enthusiast. But the wait staff seemed very knowledgable about their menu. Overall, we would definitely go back, but only if someone was visiting and staying on the strip. The location is not the best for a local Summerlin family. But we are glad we tried it out!
5	Mario and Nina are the best bartenders in Vegas!!! This place has the best happy hour in Vegas and the staff is amazing! Tonight was one of the busiest nights because of the Rebel game and we were taken care of in a timely fashion. I highly recommend this place. The staff and the food are absolutely amazing!!!!
5	Recently my son and I made our yearly pilgrimage to Las Vegas. I am a retiredCountry Club GM/owner and my son is currently a restaurant GM. We always have dinner at Ferraros. Food quality and service are amazing. Great wine list also.     We chose to sit in the outside dining room, a beautiful covered patio. But firstwe had a drink at the bar, which has outdoor, as well indoor seating. Great set up!!The Ferraro family could not have been more welcoming. I had one of the finest nights of dining ever[including my trip to Italy.]     You have to go to Ferraros.Thank you Ferraro family and your incredible staff.Gary G
4	Was there Saturday night and was able to walk in with no reservations.   Appetizers were great.  Ordered the filet but was under cooked.  The waiter took it back but came back stil undercooked.  Other than that, all the rest of food was awesome.  Staff was friendly.   Manager took of the filet of the bill and then offered us coffee and desert on the house.  Went the extra mile to make sure we were happy.  Nice place away from heavy traffic of the strip.  Will be back.
5	Awesome dinning experience. Happy hour menu allowed us to try several dishes and the food was wonderful. Rich in flavor and fresh! Wait staff very attentive to our needs.
1	RUN AWAY DO NOT EAT HERE unless your a local. They treat non regulars like CRAP! Me, our son and husband called ahead several weeks from out of town for my husband's SPECIAL birthday dinner. Then we called to confirm when we got in town. When we got to the restaurant they said they said they didn't have our reservation!! Whatever, let's eat. They finally sat us. We ordered a 250.00 bottle of wine. The risotto Nero is nothing but rubbery old lobster Zatarain's rice from a box!! YUCK!!! My husband got the osso buco. It was bland in a generic sauce with no vege's or tecture. Slimmy meat. Our son's pasta was also bland and very undercooked and I know what al dente means. When I sent back my HORRIBLE RISOTTO NERO that acted rather pissy to me and the waiter just walked AWAY without even asking me if I would like something else. I guess in a very vain attempt to try salvage a tip they sent out 3 little sloppy desserts with very melted sloppy ice cream never even asking us what we might have wanted for dessert! But the creme de la creme insult (excuse the pun) was they actually had the nerve to put a 3/4 burned USED CANDLE on my husband's dessert!! How RUDE. I think when you spend 250.00 on a bottle of wine you should be treated with some respect and hospitality not like the people whom you are trying to insult. I think Michael would have treated Fredo better than this in the Godfather!!  I have learned NEVER order the wine until you taste the food!!
4	This is old town Las Vegas at its best.  Awesome attention to detail...you are made to feel like they've been expecting you as you enter!  A must have is the Osso Bucco, a signature dish at this spot.   The bar is updated and warm, nice atmosphere to gather with your party for a pre dinner cocktail.  Once you visit you'll come again and again!
5	On the last evening of our Las Vegas trip a family member told me we must eat at Ferraro's. Since we were meeting some local friends who had not yet eaten at Ferraro's either we all went for happy hour. What a treat!The restaurant is in a strip mall so we were not expecting how nice it was inside.We started with meeting Gino the owner -- fun and friendly. Then his staff. We were laughing and having a good time even before ordering wine (very extensive list) and appetizers.We started with the meatballs, arancini, salad, and rigatoni Bolognese. We could not believe how wonderful every item was. We scarfed everything down and ordered more plus a pizza appetizer. I guess we should have just had dinner but this sure was fun.My husband and I go to Italy every year and this is the best Italian food we've had in the USA.We can't wait to have a reason to return to Las Vegas -- well, maybe Ferraro's will be the reason!
5	This place was recommended to my husband and I by two people who had eaten there before. It was our first time to Las Vegas. What an experience! Very unique! I have never eaten or seen anything like it. It was also very delicious! Start with the Mediterranean Bread, and then order or share a Ferraro's Italian Restaurant & Wine Bar Pot Pie. It was so good! Enjoyed the overall experience. Just bring cash, no credit cards accepted. Go Early, it gets crowded, but well worth the wait. Have a drink at the bar.
5	Loved this place,We stayed across the street at the HardRock,  the moment, my husband and I walked in, on a Friday night, they sat us out side or al fresco, great ambiance excellent service, Wines choices till our hearts content, My husband loved their home made meatballs. We enjoyed it so much on our last night in Vegas Sunday night we went back and ate there again. We'll keep going back each time. Not on the Strip, worth the ride. Awesome, loved our waiter,asked for his station and this time we ate inside. Lovely,  he was very attentive, new all the great Wines selections.
4	Had the best parpadelle with butter sage reduction and white truffles, outstanding!! Veal chop done to perfection ( schnitzel like)Attentive service is great without being a nuisance, they make you feel like the part of the family they like to have come back again. Wine list that boggles the mind and prices to match. Would recommend this place to anyone. Our waiter even treated us to a complimentary tiramisu for desert.
3	Ferraro's had a great atmosphere, and the food is delicious! They offer a few happy hour options to choose from. Definitely suggest trying Ferraro's.
5	A beautiful experience every time I have dined here. This last visit the chef himself came out to apply the truffles to my signature dish. Just awesome. Creative bar staff who delivered some amazing cocktails I have never had before. I always make a point of dining here each trip to Vegas.
