5	A shark could have broken out of the tank and bit my face off and I'd still give this 5 stars. The aquarium is a decent size and you move through different areas on a self guided tour. I have never been so up close or felt so immersed in the exhibits at an aquarium than I did here. There are views from above, the side, underneath, and in a big tube (with a glass bottom floor that rocked!) The octopus put on a show for me while I was watching it and I was mesmerized. I got some good pictures of sharks, stingrays, jellyfish and a clownfish. (Or as I like to call them, "the trannys of the sea.")I'm thrilled to have an aquarium so close. My only complaint is that it's in the mall. (Ewww.) I also went during the opening weekend so it was packed and a little chaotic, but that's what a grand opening is all about. Yes, this place is geared towards children, but don't let that scare you off! There is still lots of cool stuff to see.
2	By far this is the worst aquarium I have ever been to. Mind you I have only been to 3 other aquariums. Sure the staff were friendly but they seemed to disappear 3-5 minutes into the "experience". They had a decent selection of fish and such but I don't know why I expected more. The lack of staff frankly made this aquarium a tad bit dangerous. I could picture some idiot holding their toddler over one of the tanks and dropping him. For some reason they decided to leave 75% of their tanks open on top. Someone could just throw something in there. In fact I saw a bottle in one of the tanks. Not sure if it was part of the cheesy decor or not. I'd rather rent the Little Nemo movie and stay at home. I would have given this place 3 stars had they had any turtles. I mean how could you sell stuffed animal turtles in the gift shop and not have any turtles... All in all I will not be coming back.
2	I saw a billboard advertising the Arizona Sea Life Aquarium on the way to work and knew I had to go there. I love new things, exploring and having adventures, so yesterday Kristen and I headed over to Arizona Mills Mall to see what was what.       Walking up to the bright blue building, we were certainly apprehensive, Arizona Mills has seen FAR better days after all, and we didn't know how big an aquarium in a mall could be, plus, $18.50 per person? That seems a steep price, we walked in expecting fairly big things. After a young staff member (they were all very young, 16 to 18) takes your cash, you are walked over to an optional "funny photo" green screen, something like being eaten by an octopus or chased by a shark, we hammed it up and came out with awesome photos, but there is never an option to buy them. And if there is, it is an extremely well kept secret, because I looked everywhere and even talked to the girl showing the photos, not that I would have bought one, I'm just saying it's odd.      The aquarium itself is neat. There are lots of tanks, lots of fish, you can pet a starfish, and I saw a jellyfish for the first time, they are awesome, but the staff I encountered were pretty bad. Very uninterested, very bored, very tired of kids and questions, only talking if asked a direct question, it was just bad, and we went on it's third day of being open, what will it be like in a month? A year? And yes, it was full of kids, and yes, the bad parents were super annoying letting their kids scream at the top of their lungs and slap the tanks with all of their little might, but we expected that and were overall able to stay away from them.      I guess to break it down, I may give the aquarium itself 3 stars, it was interesting and fun (though we have fun anywhere) even while being geared so much towards children. But adding in the price and the staff, I would almost say I'm being nice giving it 2 stars. If they dropped the price to 10 or so dollars, I would tell everyone to go and visit it, but nearly $20 for about an hour of wandering around with nearly no help from any staff? I would much rather visit the zoo, even during the hot Arizona summer.
2	I should have known better, especially after I realized this aquarium was located "inside" AZ Mall.  I really felt sorry for the huge line of people standing outside, in the heat, for over an hour,and most with babies and toddlers.  (I was lucky to have obtained passes and was ushered inside immediately).  First of all, don't even think about going for a few months until the crowds die down!!  It was horrible: having to wait to see each and every pool, pond, tank, and exhibit all the while surrounded by the crush of people, tiny kids running around your legs, 10 yr olds shoving past you, and tripping over dozens of strollers everywhere.  Even with all that mayhem, it still only took 1 hour to go through the entire place!!  It definitely would have made a big difference to have been about 60% less people, but 'd have to say in no way, shape or form is this worth $100 for a family of 4!!.  Even with my  1/2  price discount I can't say that even $50 did I get the feel it was worth it at all.  Maybe around $10 per adult would have made it palatable and only then would I recommend it.  The kids are given little scratch off cards to take quizzes and trivia questions throughout.  They are 'suppose' to get a prize at the end.  Guess what? They had none left, even though we were done before noon!  (Should have at least offered something!)Seriously, I would not go back, I don't think even if I obtained free passes.  What a big disappointment!  I thought that since they were somehow affiliated with LegoLand I would have expected MUCH more.
2	should have known better, especially after I realized this aquarium was located "inside" AZ Mall.  I really felt sorry for the huge line of people standing outside, in the heat, for over an hour,and most with babies and toddlers.  (I was lucky to have obtained passes and was ushered inside immediately).  First of all, don't even think about going for a few months until the crowds die down!!  It was horrible: having to wait to see each and every pool, pond, tank, and exhibit all the while surrounded by the crush of people, tiny kids running around your legs, 10 yr olds shoving past you, and tripping over dozens of strollers everywhere.  Even with all that mayhem, it still only took 1 hour to go through the entire place!!  It definitely would have made a big difference to have been about 60% less people, but 'd have to say in no way, shape or form is this worth $100 for a family of 4!!.  Even with my  1/2  price discount I can't say that even $50 did I get the feel it was worth it at all.  Maybe around $10 per adult would have made it palatable and only then would I recommend it.  The kids are given little scratch off cards to take quizzes and trivia questions throughout.  They are 'suppose' to get a prize at the end.  Guess what? They had none left, even though we were done before noon!  (Should have at least offered something!)Seriously, I would not go back, I don't think even if I obtained free passes.  What a big disappointment!  I thought that since they were somehow affiliated with LegoLand I would have expected MUCH more.
3	This was a nice aquarium. I have a five year old who LOVES sharks. I travel a ton for work & he comes often so we've done aquariums all over the country. Honestly it does not compare to a few we've seen. "Nice" is the best term for it. It's clean, decent for kids. The sharks are small, the aquarium is small, but it's in a mall, so I expected that. We enjoyed ourselves. Don't expect too much and you'll love it. My son did.
4	We arrived at the Aquarium at about 10:45am and then waited in line for about 45 minutes.  That was okay the rest of our group (4) window shopped the mall. Purchase your tickets prior at the kiosk in area 6 of the mall or online.You can buy the fun green-screen picture at the end of the tour.  Make sure everyone in your party stands to the right or you'll cut someone out of the great photos!We used  a coupon from one of the mailers for $3 off each ticket, saved us a full ticket.The exhibits were great!  The kids and grandma liked them almost as much as the wife and I, almost.  We had a great time.We recommend going after lunch.  The line was really short as we left.
2	I went to the aquarium as a play date with my toddler and infant.  Having two young kids I need a diaper bag and stroller.  The aquarium itself is pretty nice and I thought the price of admission was fair.  With that said, PLAN AHEAD. I would NOT bring a stroller of ANY kind and that includes a umbrella stroller.  If you do bring a stroller be warned they don't have "stroller parking" although they told us we could leave them up front, but would not be responsible if anything happened it to.  It's extremely hard to maneuver through especially with the crowds.  The set up seems  nice as they have seats throughout the exhibits, but the seats make it much more crowded and harder to push a stroller though.   We should have known that it would have been crowded as it just opened a few weeks ago, so that was our bad.  Had I known it was going to be sooooo crowded I would definitely have waited until the summer was over.  It was so crowded it was very slow moving and our toddlers were being trampled by older kids trying to push their way through to see the exhibits.  I would recommend and encourage the aquarium to designate a day of the week for large groups only (i.e. camps, field trips).  There was at least 4 bus loads of kids today and it was absolute mayhem.  I even felt sorry for the chaperons who had to try and keep the kids together.   I would have thought the aquarium to be more spacious, but I guess being built in the mall I shouldn't be surprised that it wasn't.  The fish were fabulous to see, but we unfortunately just couldn't enjoy ourselves.  Maybe it was the age of my kids, but I don't see us going back there anytime soon.
3	This place is all right, but absolutely not worth paying full price for. Wait for a coupon or a deal or something, and then come down and take a look at the fishies.I couldn't help but compare this aquarium to the one at Wildlife World Zoo in Litchfield Park. I absolutely prefer that aquarium over this one. Pay about $10 more than the admission price to the AZ Sea Life Aquarium and you get admission to both the Wildlife World Zoo and their aquarium, a much more relaxed and entertaining place.Anyway, back to this aquarium. It is crowded (we had the misfortune of going when 3 charter school groups decided to go). It is hot, when everyone is packed in like sardines. Everything is at kid-level so there's a lot of stooping. The plastic/glass is already covered in fingerprints. No adults watch their kids and for some reason people bring strollers in, which do not have enough room to maneuver.The animals themselves are cool. There are rays, my absolute favorite, and sharks, and jellyfish. If you get a few moments to yourself without some ten year old shoving his way past you or a stroller taking out your ankle, you can enjoy watching them enjoy themselves.
2	Having two teenagers that spend every summer scuba diving off the Catalina Coast, it was not a matter of if we were going to visit the new SeaLife Aquarium at Arizona Mills, but when.  Not wanting to battle the grand opening crowds, we decided to wait until a midweek hot summer morning.  Arriving there at about 11am, 3 busloads of summer campers arrive just as we did and are escorted into the aquarium.   Ugh, we decided that a loop through the mall and maybe some lunch before we go see the fish.  Campers gone, we explore the aquarium with only our ankles under assault.  WHY DO THEY ALLOW STROLLERS IN SUCH A SMALL SEMI LIT, CONFINED SPACE?  Moms, do us all a favor and leave your stroller in your car.  If your child is not old enough to walk, this aquarium is not age appropriate.  That said, maybe management will read any of the current 3 reviews posted on Yelp and realize that strollers are a MAJOR problem.  The aisles and space between the exhibits are just too small to accommodate strollers and the crush of people.  The exhibits are kind of cheesy.  Plastic coral and lots of fake looking rock work. There is a funky smell. (No, it does not smell like the ocean!)  The lights are very dim and there are some poorly lit artificial rocks scattered throughout that everyone seems to scrape their legs on.  All the acrylic is scratched and cloudy.  It is extremely overpriced.  Not just expense,  EXTREMELY OVERPRICED FOR WHAT IT IS.  Should be $10 at the most.  It takes about an hour to see everything.But...This is the best public aquarium in the state of Arizona.  Sad reality.  So, if you would like to expose your family to the wonders of the ocean, go.Just be aware of SeaLife 's major shortcomings, (and leave your &$*% stroller at home!)
3	I'm a bit of an aquarium aficionado, not by choice but with a 1,000 gallon tank and multiple hundred gallon tanks at home, I've got no choice but to form an opinion. I've been to practically every aquarium in the U.S, a few in Europe and I've coved a few in Israel, Egypt and Jordan...Again, I've got opinions on aquariums. Arizona does not have much in the way of museums, history and cultural activities and so far everything we do have, has not rated world class. New York, San Francisco and Chicago, we are not. There is another aquarium in Phoenix, and Sealife is a more attractive, interactive experience.  So, SeaLife at the Mills is no Monterey Bay or Atlanta Aquarium. These are world class joints and Sealife is a nice middle of the road, view a few fish, touch a few starfish, get a greater appreciation of the life around us sort of place. Think Black Angus, not Ruth Chris. The tanks are state of the art and you can actually view a tank from the inside. Pretty cool, I haven't seen this type of tank anywhere else.  The sealife collection is nothing too exotic, a couple of hardy sharks, a lot of sea horses and manta rays. The tanks are impressive and very hands on. The tube and glass walk thru are what you would expect from a much a larger aquarium and pretty impressive.  However, the space is cramped a for such a busy mall, try to go during the off time with no lines. With just a few people, it would be tough to see the exhibits. We had one family in front of us and it was tough to share an exhibit together. All and all, a great way to spend an afternoon.
2	Unfortunately, I must concur with previous reviewers: SeaLife is just lame. There were absolutely no specimens there that I have not seen many times elsewhere, and quite a few of which my husband and I have at home in our own reef tanks. In three tanks today we saw dead and dying fish. No wonder they had precious little live coral, if they can't even keep fish alive. The plastic coral substitutes were just awful looking, and my husband couldn't help but correct one of their "experts" who told another patron that a rock he pointed to was covered in algae, when in fact it had some live mushroom coral on it. The passageways were just too crowded and filled with screaming children, and their cacophony echoed off of the tanks and cave-like interior. Save your money and take the family on a trip to San Diego.
2	I suppose that living 5 hours from the nearest oceans makes us suckers for these things.  It is a nice enough place to take the kids on a lazy afternoon but at these prices you would expect more...maybe staged shark attacks or talking Orcas.  The place has a ways to go.  They kind of made the ocean boring.
2	I saw the freeway ad about the aquarium a while back and decided to check it out with my two year old today. I waited to avoid the crowds and I'm glad I did as the place is Small. Also, we got in as soon as they opened. I didn't had my stroller, but  can see how when it's crowded it must be a pain to use. First, it's overpriced. $18.50 adults, $10.50 kids. I wouldn't mind (as much) if it was at least a whole day experience but you're in and out in one hour! I'm glad at least I didn't had to pay for my son. Inside is Disney-like, with the low lights, fake treasure chest and what not. They had someone painting some wood that was in front of a tank. It had a " Don't touch wet paint" sign. Huh? There's tons of kids that are bound to touch it, sign or not. I think that they could have painted during closing hours.  My son's favorite  was the ray/shark tank. There's several "go inside the tank" experiences that were cool. My son was asking to leave, that was a first! There were kids every age in there and none seemed too excited. There's a little play area at the end, but it was warm and uncomfortable.I agree with someone before who said they made the ocean boring, hehe.
4	Aside from things that Sea Life Aquarium cannot control (strollers in the way, morbidly obese blocking exhibits talking while a crowd of children are trying to look at them, etc) the aquarium is awesome. My daughter and nephew had a blast. A ton of great exhibits, decently priced admission (currently $18 for adults), and a knowledgeable staff. And for you out there expecting this to be some world class aquarium, get real. It is in a shopping mall, why would you expect it to be? For what it is, its really great. I would recommend this to anyone with kids as something to kill a few hours.
2	Good for young kids, not good for aquarium aficionados or people who like oceanariums, lots of fish, big viewing areas and quiet museum-like experiences.Perhaps I'm spoiled growing up in the north burbs of Chicago and having a pass to the Shedd Aquarium my whole life, and seeing some of the best aquariums across the country but... SEAlife didn't do anything for me.I can sort of deal with the price, it's expensive to set this type of thing up and get the fish in and blah blah... I get it.  It's pricey for the experience but I get it - so nothing in my review is based on the price.A few of the tanks only had a couple fish in them, so I'm assuming they're still populating them. and some of the areas like the circle room with the fish going around the room and above the doors had half the room's windows masked off... unfinished? idk. The starfish thing was roped off when we went but there was a staff person there talking to kids about them.There was a little movie theatre area showing shark videos... aka discovery channel.  That opened up into the room with a somewhat small viewport considering no more than 10 people can look through it at a time without blocking it from behind. Dinosaurs hanging from the ceiling... okay?  That big viewport looks into the main center tank area, with a shipwreck type of thing... lots of bigger fish and sharks swimming around.  Which eventually leads to 'The Tunnel'...  One side looks into the middle of that big tank and the other side is short with a nearby rock wall; not many fish on that side.  The floor was clear but, even in the short time the Aquarium has been open, was scuffed so bad it was pretty much not-see-through.  They'll have to figure that out.  One little black light tank with jellyfish... couple of those bubble things you can crawl under and stick your head up into the middle of the tank for a photo op... couple skinny semi-circle shaped tanks... one little sea horse viewport... little lcd panels with info on them for the display...Felt some areas were bare.... lots of open room w/ nothing to see, most places except the main Ray tank with the overlook balcony. Note, not a petting tank, it's about 5' tall or so but clear all around and lots of rays swimming around and some sharks from what I remember.The walls are colorful and lots of lighting effects going on around every room - nice walls I thought.Being in Arizona, of course everything has to be bilingual with spanish... and in one case (the active display on the floor that you interact with) the whole thing was in spanish with no way that I could tell to flip it to english to figure out what the game / point was of the display. FAIL, wtf? Useless.After that you're dumped into the gift store... honestly I didn't even take the time to look at anything... more screaming kids and strollers blocking routes and I was ready to get outta dodge as fast as I could.  After the store is a kids play area - something with the big plastic tubes and stuff like you see at burger kings.  AAHHH get me out of here! Reminded me of a playground or school recess area.So, needless to say I went in expecting more and left feeling shorted and unimpressed. Won't be back.
3	We came here last Sunday using $5 off per admission coupon from the Entertainment book. After the discount, two adults and a child came out to $35. Aside from the sticker shock, I was moderately pleased with the aquarium. It seemed like for a while, we kept seeing the same fish exhibits but as you get closer to the end, it gets cooler. I was very entertained by the stingray/small shark tank and I loved the HUGE area with all of the fish, stingrays, and sharks swimming around. There was a tunnel you could walk through with see-through glass below, to the sides and above you. Another thing I thought was neat were the couple of tanks that you could crawl under and pop your head in the middle. We freaked out my 3 years old a few times with that...pretty cool. The aquarium was small but I didn't expect much for a mall? I do think it is too expensive with/without a coupon but I'm sure something like this costs ALOT to maintain. I'm not sure I would come back because of the costs but I definitely think it worth going at least once.
4	I love the ocean, I love scuba diving, I love fish... but I live in the desert.  So of course, I was beyond excited to hear that an aquarium was opening up in town!  The $18 ticket price kept me away until yesterday, when I scored a Groupon for $9 per ticket!  I'm glad I waited, because I don't feel as though it's worth the normal price.Overall, it's a pretty good aquarium.  I've definitely seen better, but those have been in large cities or close to the ocean.  It's very small (located inside a mall), but they did the best they could with the space they had.  There is one large tank, which you can view from at least four different locations.  I'm not a big fan of the "line" you have to stand in pretty much through the entire thing, since the path is fairly narrow, and winds around from area to area.  But overall, there was a good variety of animals, and lots of facts and information to make it a great educational experience.  The decor reminds me of Disneyland - very clean, and lots of attention to detail, which I definitely appreciate.  One of my favorite things was the little scratch-off "quiz card" that you get when you enter.  There are eight questions to answer, and it helps keep younger kids entertained while waiting for the line to move along.  At the end, they can redeem their card for a sticker at the gift shop.  This is a great way to avoid buying overpriced, unnecessary souvenirs!We spent about an hour and a half walking through the aquarium, stopping at each exhibit.  Some of our favorites were the tidepool creatures (touch tank), sharks and rays (viewable from above the tank as well as the side), and seahorses.  They also had a very cool octopus!  The aquarium has "talks" scheduled for every hour or so in different areas, and if we had decided to stay for one or two of those, we probably would have been there for longer.  At the end of the aquarium, there is a large room with a play structure.  I'm not sure why they need this, although our little guy sure enjoyed it!  I wish they had used that space for another exhibit!It was a fun experience, and worth the $9 discounted tickets.  I'd really like to check out the aquarium at Wildlife World Zoo next.
2	I was SOOOOO disappointed with the aquarium:( I had really high hopes and was very excited to go and it was just blah. I don't think I would call it an aquarium as much as it is some fish in smallish takes swimming around in circles. The kids seemed to like it but it doesn't hold a candle to the Monterrey aquarium. It seemed to be some-what educational and the animals seemed healthy, but almost all the plant-life and corral were fake. In fact the tanks of fish they have at Cabala's are much more fascinating. Anyway, my advise to you is to save your $$. It is not worth the price at all. I hope the AZ zoo is better.......
4	Today I used a groupon I had purchased a few months ago and felt my aquarium experience was well worth the discounted $9 entrance fee. I didn't have to wait in any lines to get in and there weren't any lines to go through the museum as mentioned in previous reviews. You can have your picture taken as you enter and pick it up at the end in a creative souvenier frame, for an extra fee, of course. The photographer asks you to point or look up. Those pictures turned out really cute with the jellyfish and sea life backgrounds.I took my time going through the aquarium, reading everything (Recommendation:The print should be lower to the ground and bigger to make it easire to read, especialy for kids) and taking tons of pictures with my mobile phone. (I posted some of them). I was lucky enough to be there during the seahorse feeding. They're sooo cute!  There's even a rare natural albino seahorse in one of the tanks. In all my years of scuba diving, I have never seen more than one seahorse at a time. This was a special treat.You'll see lots of fish, sharks, various rays, starfish, jellyfish and even a large Pacific octopus. I thought it was cool how the different kinds of fish co-habitate in the large tank with the sharks and rays without becoming food. At the end there's a play area for the kiddies. I stopped to color with some kids (my way of stopping to smell the roses). I'll probably go back again to see any changes or additions as the aquariums mature.
2	I loved going to the Aquarium!  Although, I do not agree with having to pay the full amount for something that is closed off.  The tunnel that the attraction offers was being cleaned today.
3	I'm not really sure how to start off but to say, I wasn't expecting much of this place. Especially considering it's in the ghetto-ness of AZ Mills.My friend invited me to go with her and her kid.So i said  "sure! why not?"I wasn't doing anything better.Expecting to pay maybe $10 for entry.As we're at the register, paying,the cashier says "$20 please"I'm thinking "really? are you F'ing kidding me? This better be good!"I mean I was impressed because I didn't expect a lot of the things I saw-jellyfish, sharks, mantareys, stingrays, and OMFG an octopus. :)The exhibits were pretty cool.I just still didn't think it was $20 impressive!I mean $15 at the most.For SOME children, most children, (because her child seemed whatever about this place) this place would be so much fun.I probably won't ever go again because I feel like going to Wildlife Zoo is definitely a lil more worthy of my $, since I get to see an aquarium + a ton more animals + a petting zoo.
1	Ummm, do they really charge almost $20 for full-priced admission? That seems crazy to me! We took advantage of the groupon deal and I still didn't feel like I got a great value.This was mostly like looking at large fish tanks with average sized fish for an exceptional home aquarium (or an aquarium store, for that matter). Then there's the grand finale, which is the ocean TUNNEL!!! Oooooohhhhhh, 20 feet or so where you get to see more of the same tank that you just saw from another angle. I'm pretty sure this is the only "impressive" display they had, and even it was lacking in many ways.For starters, the tunnel was closed off for repairs when we tried visiting Sea Life a few weeks ago, so we thankfully decided to come back another time. Then when we came back today, I found that it was still not looking like tip-top condition -- we could see the black liner through the sand, for instance, and the top of the aquarium's water level is just barely above the glass.This place didn't even capture much of my toddler's attention. His favorite part, I think, was the McD's-type play gym at the end of the tour, and I've seen better versions of those as well.No thank you, Sea Life. As much as I initially thought this seemed like a silly idea, I am now convinced. We'll look at the fish on our next trip to the coast and feel better about the whole experience.
2	So thank you groupon for saving me some money as this place is not worth the admission fee.  I grew up in Seattle so aquariums and sealife are something I really enjoy and usually when traveling I like to go to them to see different regions sea creatures.  Well that's the first problem Phoenix is a desert and I should know better than to go to an aquarium here but I was intrigued as it was new and I got a good deal on tix.  The tanks were small and too many people in too much of a confined area for my liking.  I felt people were angry for you taking more than 30 seconds to look at something or take a picture.  The talk times were a waste as they were all too crowded and you couldn't see anything.  There was one cool tank that had a second level to go above and look down on it which gave the best view in the place.  Overall I say drive to California go to a real coastal aquarium and save your money.  Heck even go buy a DVD or something.
4	Came here to use my groupon before it expired this past weekend, I thought it was a great exhibit, some people think this place is too small for what they pay but considering all the money they must have put in that place I thought it was fair.  It took us about 30 minutes to get through it with my 2 boys and I thought the large leopard shark and sting rays were way cool.  I hope this place does well so it doesn't go empty and then the whole mall can start turning into Metrocenter....ugh.  I would go again, and even pay the full $20.
4	Nice aquarium. Went for the first a couple of weekends ago. Downside is that since it's part of AZ mills mall we had to stand in life which pretty much blocked the mall entrance/ exit and shoppers had to filter through the aquarium line to get by. I would recommend buying tickets in advance online plus save a few extra bucks. Advance tickets paid for go through fastlane and dont have to wait. Offered military discount as well with valid ID.
2	i'm used to the chattanooga, baltimore, and georgia aquarium-this was so not even close. the giant spider crabs were cool but other than that, i was glad we had a coupon....
3	Let me just start by saying that admission to this place costs more than the Phoenix Zoo... and it's in a mall!  Once I was able to get past that, and realized that my still under 3 year-old daughter got free admission, I really had a good time.  I had no expectations going in, but the exhibits they had were really impressive.  All I had to do was look at the expression on my daughter's face as she ran from aquarium to aquarium yelling "Daddy, do you see that?!" to know that it was worth the trip. The best part of the exhibit was the large tank at the end with a viewing tunnel going through it.  This gives you almost 360 degree views of everything from sharks to rays to jellyfish.  Word to the wise, though, if you're planning on making a trip to this place, maybe call ahead and see if their are any field trips planned for the day.  We showed up at about the same time as 10 school buses did, and spent most of the day dodging 200 running, screaming elementary school kids.Having lived in AZ for nearly 5 years now, and not getting to see a whole lot of sea life in that time, Sea Life AZ was a pretty neat experience and a place that I will definitely take my daughter to again... but only until she turns 3
3	I went here today with my daughter and my mom. The admission is normally $20 but we got discount tickets for $11. Positive: there is some pretty cool exhibits and the place is pretty big for being in a mall, there are really neat areas where you can crawl under and up into a surrounded area that makes you feel like you are in the tank with the fish, there is a lot of cool facts, there is a small play area at the end and a coloring area, the staff was super nice Negative: if we would have had to pay the full $20 if would not have been worth it, the walk ways are super small and (like us) if you get stuck behind a big group of people you cant pass them very well, there are a lot of fish but they are the same fish (at least that is what it seemed like) throughout the whole thing, the gift shop is super over priced and sells things that doesn't have to do with the exhibits, they have a "shark" tunnel but in the tunnel all we say was 1 shark and a bunch of fish... the shark was one of the little ones. Overall I wouldn't go back, but it was a good place to go one time and a nice place to visit when you are in town and want to see animals but dont want to be out in the heat.
1	Thought the idea of driving to Phoenix to go check out an aquarium sounded 'cool,' but no way Jose! WAY, way overpriced! Cool tanks, but  too small, fake coral, and over all small. Got through the whole thing in 45 minutes. Don't waste your money buy a DVD on sea life and you will do much better.
1	Well if it smells like shit?... Looks like shit....?First off this "Aquarium" or as I have newly named it "The Fishtank" is in the most GHETTO mall I have ever been too. I had heard about this mall and it lived up to every expectation and then some. Gross, I must have sanitized my hands 100 times. I was actually shocked I was not greeted by an acordian playing child selling chiclets gum. Of course, this is not about the mall, this is about the aquarium. Heres your run down YELP:SmallSmellyCrowdedUnimpressiveUnderwhelmingRIP OFF!!30 minutes to get throughI was looking forward to seeing sharks in AZ. The ONE shark they had in the main glass walkthrough I could defeat with my left hand and my right eye closed. It was tiny.  If your 5 year old just got done watching finding Nemo HE/SHE may be impressed....all others stay away. This place is terrible and the atmosphere is gross!
3	This is a great place if you just want an indoor activity during a hot day.  I would recommend buying your tickets in advance online.  They often offer discounts.  The admission otherwise is a little outrageous given the size of this aquarium.  The displays are well done, and there is a point that the kids can touch starfish.  My kids loved watching the stingrays during feeding time, and they really liked watching the spongebob movie they offered.  They have a great tank of "Nemo" and "Dori" fish as my kids like to call them.  It was a pretty good time.  One really convenient thing about the location of this aquarium is the Rainforest Cafe that is in the same mall.  You can really make a day out of going to the aquarium and then the cafe for lunch.
3	If we hadn't read the previous reviews we would probably have been quite disappointed. But our exppectations were well managed and with a buy an adult admission get a child's admission free we enjoyed a nice change of scenery for an hour and a half.Sea Life is dreaming if they think the regular admission price matches the value of the experience. The shark talk was pretty lamely delivered and included a blanket statement that "sharks are an endangered species".... perhaps true for specific species of shark, but I doubt the kid deliveringthe talk would understand the difference between genus and species. Also when we asked what other names the "mexican lookdown fish" also went by (Because it looked familiar to us but we had never heard the name Mexican lookdown fish before) he had no suggestions. However...at least he was making an attempt to discuss the animals on display, unlike the two kiddos manning the tidepools...think "Omg im so excited for my play tonight! My costumes all over the backroom because I totally have to finish it on my break!!! Like totally!"....ugh.All that said, if you have a 2 for one and you're looking for a change of scenery for an afternoon and you are willing to lower your ideals for what an aquarium is about....go. but go forwarned.Also...no conservation message? But a request for some random charity called Merlins Magic Wand for which there is no obvious mission? The most specific statement made was "makes kids smile"...okaaaaaaaay.
3	I agree with most of the other reivews (summary):- Not huge place, lay out decent - Good on a hot day (we lucked out, no school groups)- Only go with at discounted rate (my company sells discounted tickets)- Kids (7 &10) liked it (completing the shark sheet), thought some of talks were boring
2	It is great to have an aquarium in Phoenix, but if you have been to any other aquarium (or fish department at your local pet store for that matter) you may be disappointed.  Based on the height of the exhibits, it is apparent that Sea Life is geared to a younger audience.  Little kids will find this place fascinating.  Older kids not so much.  There are domes built into some of the tanks that allow small kids to crawl under the tank and stand in the middle and look through the tank (very fun for a young child, I'm sure).  The best part of the aquarium by far is the 360-degree tunnel that goes through one of their tanks.  It is pretty awesome to see water below your feet and all around (though I didn't take my time standing on the glass).  If you are considering a visit to Sea Life, try to find a coupon for discounted admission...
4	make sure you go here with a coupon!it is an interesting way to spend a half an hour in a mall.
4	First of all I have given it four stars just because I'm intrigued by the fact that they even have an aquarium in the middle of a desert....and it's inside a mall! Come on you gotta admit that's pretty cool! Secondly, the place itself was set up wonderfully and had a impressive arrangement of aquariums and sea-life ornaments. Sure it was a bit small but it provided my bf and I a good 30 minutes of entertainment and beside Arizona is a desert...to have an aquarium with that wide range of fishes, rays and ocean creatures is impressive already. It's really for those that live here and have never been to the seaside and it's the best and closest that they can get feel and see marine life without having to go to California or any coastal states. I wouldn't have guessed I would have thoroughly enjoyed my 30 minutes here since I've been to much bigger aquariums like the Aquarium of the Pacific in Long Beach, Ca but since my bf bought a Groupon for this place (20 bucks for two, originally $18 for one) I thought it was well worth it and I had fun.It was not every crowded either even though it was a Saturday...definitely a lot of parents bring their kids but it wasn't like you couldn't see any of the exhibits because there was a crowd of people around it. Overall I thought this was a nice place to go on the scorching hot weekends in Arizona...the bonuses of this place is that it's INSIDE the shopping mall...so right after visiting it you can go shop OR watch a movie because they also have a 3D Harkin Theater. How convenient!
3	It really is a cute place to go, as well as a great addition to the mall. I went to see the sea critters, but it's more aimed at children (which naturally means I enjoyed it!)
2	This aquarium is ok.  I've definitely been to bigger and better ones.  The fact that it's attached to a mall is interesting, but ultimately a big pain in the butt because you not only have to navigate aquarium traffic, but also mall traffic.  On top of that, AZ Mills is a mess.Sea Life feels like what it is: a privately-owned aquarium franchise that uses mall space.I probably wouldn't have gone if I didn't have the 2-for-$20 groupon, since the admission is pricey.  The aquarium itself is small and crowded.  There are also "box" seats seemingly randomly strewn throughout, with which my shins are very well acquainted.They do have a nice sting ray exhibit, with some sharks here & there.  The 360 degree walk-through was nice, but small.  The jellyfish exhibit was a very small tank.  The crustacean room was interesting.  The seahorse exhibit was great (then again, I love seahorses so I'm pretty forgiving).It felt like I could have seen the majority of these fish in the Rainforest Cafe in the same mall, or even at a tropical fish store.There are a lot of kids working there.  This isn't a bad thing, but it doesn't make me feel confident in their marine biology experience.  I left feeling underwhelmed and a bit annoyed.  Unless I get free tickets, I probably won't be going back.
5	If you have a kid between the ages of 18 months and 8 years, this is a FANTASTIC way for them to spend a morning or afternoon.  Everything is at kid-eye-level and is geared towards them.They give you a stamp to get admission all day, so mid-way during our visit, the little one got hungry.  So, we went off to eat at the food court and check out the carousel, train and amusement rides that are now in the middle of that area.  Arizona Mills is now marketing itself more to kids.  Then we headed back in, stared at some more fish and crabs and played in their play area (a giant climbing structure).It is expensive, but we had a coupon and only paid $10 a piece and the little one was free.  It was worth that though...our son had a blast and so did we.  After reading all the terrible reviews on this place on Yelp, I was worried.  Thankfully, I was very pleasantly surprised.If you're an adult, don't expect to see a world class aquarium...hello--it's in a mall!  But if you're a kid, prepare to be dazzled by an aquarium built just for you--like the tunnels underneath tanks that you can crawl into and look at the fish from inside their tanks!!  Cool!!!
4	Yea for having an aquarium in Arizona!  This was really neat and something different to do in our landlocked state. I loved racing my niece around to look at different tanks with her (and beat her to the next one). The main tank was closed (lame) for preparation of sea turtles (wicked), but there were plenty of other things to do and see around this place. I loved the exhibit where you could hold different sea creatures, mainly starfish and hermit crabs - oh and so did my four year old niece. The best part of the aquarium is that they stamp your hand for readmission which is awesome because then you can go out and explore mall. We went through once, left, had lunch at the Rainforest Cafe, and came back again a second time before we finally departed Arizona Mills.Would have been 5 stars but the ocean tan/main tank was closed. But, whether you are four, (or possibly) 27, or 64 years old, this place will keep you occupied and make you temporarily forget that you live in the Sonoran Desert.
4	Does it deserve only 3 stars?  Maybe.  But if you're a kid at heart, which I am, or if you have kids, then this is a jewel in the furnace of the greater Phoenix area.The place is expensive.  But if you are paying full price then you didn't do your homework--there appear to be deals for admission all over the place from what I've seen.  As for the size:  I was expecting it to be far smaller than it actually was.  I really was pleasantly surprised.  No, it's not the Boston Aquarium.  But really, it's not your grandmother's fish tank either.  There's plenty to see with many exotic creatures.  There's touch-zones where you can see what starfish feel like.  There's a movie theater, which was playing a Spongebob movie when I was there.  There's even a play zone for the kids.  And of course, there's the obligatory "exit through the gift shop".  I managed to get through there with the most minimal of purchases.The pros:  The underwater tunnel through the main tank; the pop-outs in numerous tanks where you can sneak in from bellow and be surrounded by the tank's inhabitants; the abundance of puffer fish!The cons:  The price; the fact that it is connected to a mall (although this wasn't as bad as I thought it would be); the giant crab tanks really need to be bigger; informational signs on who's in what tanks are often ambiguous.The rumor:  The main tank is being outfitted to house a sea turtle some time in the near future.Overall, don't go here expecting an aquarium like you'd find in Boston or Newport.  If you're excited to see some neat fish in a well managed aquarium, you likely won't be disappointed.
3	Not a bad place to take the kids to kill some time. All in all we spent about 1 1/2 hours here and that was with doing everything. The sea turtle exhibit was under construction when we went which made navigating around a little interesting. One of the best things about this place is right at the end there is a big play place for the kids to go crazy in and do some coloring, it made my kids visit. It would be nice if more malls had things like this for families.
5	Located at Az Mills Mall, at the entrance next to Sports Authority.  Had NO idea it was there until I got my 2012 Entertainment Book!SO NICE to have something like this close to home.  Very nice displays, good variety of sea life and so much imagination put into the "experience".  the BEST part?  the viewing bubbles built into several displays so you literally pop you head up into the display for an up-close view.  Hands-on tank, thanks that's fun!Sea horses - cool!  Octopus - neat!  Jellyfish - eeew, brings back bad memories!  Going Back as soon as they bring back the sea turtle and re-open that massive display!  WORTH THE MONEY, support something in this Town besides trashy movies that are mostly bad re-makes and rot your kids brains!
4	Fun for a one time experience and to say you have been there.  It cost the same amount to get into the Zoo and the zoo is double the size.  Kind of expensive for the size and amount of stuff they have.  Very nice for the kids to run around and see the different type of underwater sensations that they have. The kids enjoyed it and had a blast so no complaints.
4	I had my niece (5) and nephew (2) for the day and needed to find something to keep them entertained. I took them to the mills in hope of finding something to do and saw this aquarium. I was surprised to find an aquarium of this size inside a mall, but it was a happy accident that turned out really well for usI actually used my iphone to buy the tickets, even though we were already on location, because when you buy online, you save money on each ticket. I just told the girl the confirmation number and she printed the tix.The exhibits wind through really nicely and there is a lot to see. I love the way they displayed everything in thoughtful, child friendly ways. The kids loved it and had a great time. It is a great alternative to being out under the hot arizona sun - nice and cool. At the end of the winding exhibits that includes everything from tiny Sea Horses to Huge Sharks they have a climbing play area where the kids can get out any extra energy they still have left. This was very helpful.I took the kids to Rain Forest Cafe afterward to keep the animal theme going and they actually have a coupon when you eat there to get free admission for kids with the receipt to the aquarium.. oh well, i'll know for next time.. eat first. HA HASmall kids will really love this, though older kids will probably not be very impressed. I think they did a great job, all the wild life looked well taken care of and in good health and had enough room to seem comfortable.
4	Great place to take the kids. They loved it.
3	I read the other reviews and looked for a discount coupon before heading over... then I heard that the kids menu at Rainforest Cafe has a free kid admission with purchase of an adult ticket, thinking that would be the best bang for the buck, we had lunch at Rainforest Cafe (but had to ask for the menus with the tickets on them because they are no longer printing them) Lunch was ok, and then headed to Sea Life and the girl at the counter said that I could not use the free kid tickets with the "buy the adult tickets before hand and save" deal... so I ended up paying full price for the kid tickets (which was something like $11.80 each and $15.00 for each adult... so I basically got raped, because it was a nice place and a cool aquarium, but like other reviews have said NOT worth the ticket prices!  I have four kids, so I will be hanging out at the local pet store to check out the fish instead.  Other than that, it was a nice place.  Clean, cool, nice ambient music playing and enough to look at the keep the kids entertained for at least an hour.. you might consider buying a season pass if you live close enough to go every other week and like that kind of thing, but otherwise, not worth the money paid.
4	With some of the negative reviews on this aquarium I was hesitant to visit.  I went there with a 5 dollar off coupon, it was worth using a coupon because it was a little pricey.  As you enter one of the employee's takes 3 different photos of you and your family if you would like to buy the pictures at the end of the tour.  I went on a Friday afternoon which wasn't too busy. On the plus side everyone is in school when you go that time of the day so it's not too busy just mom's with babies.  You aren't allowed  to use flash photography because it disturbs the fish and sea life.  I honestly disobeyed that rule turning off my flash and using a fast shutter speed that can handle twilight and marine life photography.  One display you can touch the starfish and it was so awesome feeling their arms and little suckers underneath.  My fiance and I found it pretty fun not like sea world at all of course but it's nice to have an aquarium in AZ.  When you pay for your ticket you do gets a full day stamp so you can come back all day till they close without having to re-pay which is awesome!
4	I enjoyed the variety of aquatic life, and the knowledge of the staff. It is definitely small (as in, if someone stops to look at something, it can be hard to get around them). But they squeezed a lot into a small space.
2	I am sorry but I am just not impressed with this place. I've been here twice and will probably never go back again. It is way overpriced for what you get. Even if you stop at every single exhibit and read every word you will still be done with the whole place in one hour. It's just not worth the money. They've also been advertising new sea turtles all over the valley yet we didn't see them anywhere. There wasn't staff around to ask either. And both times I've been they've had one of the feel tanks closed. That is the only hands on thing to do in the entire place so it's a bummer they don't keep it open. Unless you have some killer coupons to get in I wouldn't waste your time!
1	Although I have heard nothing great about this aquarium, there is nothing more tranquil than watching sealife!We went last Thursday during a promotion for $6.00 per person.I was afraid we wouldnt have much time to enjoy as we got there an hour before it closed....we were in and out in 20 minutes and that included time holding starfish and taking our time.  I would say paying $6 would be a fair price of entry, however they charge $18.00 for an adult!!!  Yes....that is right!!! My suggestion is to rent Nemo in the comfort of your own home and keep the cash!
5	My kids look forward to visiting Sea life aquarium. We stop by every other week just to visit the sharks stingrays jellyfish and the octopus for about an hour just to say hi. The annual pass is a good value if you visit as often as we do.
4	While visiting Arizona Mills, boyfriend and I came across this place. I am a water life person and a sea animal person, so we have to check this place out. And we got to check it out because I am just visiting so I can't always come here. So we got our tickets, (make sure you have your student card, discount!)  When we walked in, there is a green screen for them to snap a picture of you to make it look like you are under the water with the sea creatures, however, I'm not sure how much it is since it was broken when we went. It was interesting going through a door where there is an introduction of what sea animals are moving into Sea Life. (great place for kids to learn)Somewhat i feels like Long Beach Aquarium in California, but not as great. Give it a try and see how you would like it. :)
3	Went in with my friend. Price is reasonable. Good location. they don't properly care for the fish though. Many are sick. It's not that impressive as an aquarium but convenient for a family outing or date option. I still enjoyed going.
4	I am no longer a Yelp Virgin! First review, perhaps my good friend AJD is rubbing off on me, I'll shower later to fix that! Okay, the SeaLife Aquarium is IN A MALL! What? Did someone get lost? I enjoyed it thoroughly! With the space provided, the crowds that were there on a Saturday afternoon, and the Price (listed at the door of $18 per adult, $12 per child up to 12yo, more on that in a sec) I wasnt sure I'd like it. The displays were awesome, the fish were beautiful, the rays and sharks were bad-ass, and the company was great too! SeaWorld is a long drive, the 90 minutes it took me to get to Tempe from Tucson was well worth the time. No, its not SeaWorld, or a major city like Boston's Aquarium, but for our little piece of the sun we call Arizona, it was worth my time, and money....back to that...Get your flippin smartphone out of your pocket or wrench it from your childs hands....and book online...you save $6 per adult and $4 per child, takes 5 minutes while you are in line (10 if you are smartphone challenged as I am) and save some money, help the good causes the Sealife aquarium backs, and enjoy a few hours in a place that Arizona is lucky to have. First review....go easy on me!
4	My kid loved this place!  The fish and animals appear to be well taken care of and the activities for the kids to participate in seem to be plentiful.  It is a surprising place to have an aquarium but you'd never know once you are inside.We will be going again... I am considering a membership.  I am not quite sure yet though.I'd recommend for sure!
3	We took our 19 month old toddler here and even though it was fun, we were through with it in an hour and that's taking our time.  For younger kiddos, I'd probably give it 2 stars b'c there's just not that much for them to enjoy.  There is, however, a little playground at the end of the trails just before exiting to the gift shop.  One of those cage like ones  you climb into.  Probably good for the "around 5" crowd.  For older kids though, I think it's great.  They have these trivia/quiz stations you can stop at and learn about the various sea creatures.  My toddler just didn't really get into that stuff.  I think 3and under is free.  The hubby and I paid $18 each which is insanely expensive but I figured that includes my donation in there somewhere.  We've been to various aquariums and this one is definitely on the small end.  Cute things at the gift shop but nothing I really wanted to get for the kiddo.If you have a kid that is old enough to engage in the trivia stations, I definitely think it's something fun to do with them.  However, for young toddlers, unless they have a special interest in sea life, I'd say wait until they are older.  Save that money for when you can enjoy it with them.  P.S.  I think if u order online you can get a discount.  I just didn't want to give my CC info out.
3	While Sea Life Aquarium doesn't have the variety and breadth of species found in large aquariums such as the Shedd, Monterrey, or even the Wildlife World Zoo's aquarium in Litchfield Park, it's a decent outing if you are in the East Valley and are a fan of anything ocean related, or just want a fun place to take your kids.  Oddly situated in the AZ Mills Mall, the entrance is through the actual mall.  Adult admission is $18, although you can get a 20% discount if you buy tickets online ahead of time.  The exhibits themselves were well-maintained, and the signs next to them are nice in that they are on an easy to read digital screen, but not all the signs have the fish species in the tanks labeled, and some fish species on the signs are not even in the tank next to them.  A lot of the fish tanks are nicely designed, such as the 360 degree tank that has a large school of fish swimming around in one direction.  The shark tube is really cool too.  Some of the tanks also have a "bubble" indentation in them so that you can peek inside and get a view of the fish swimming around your head.
3	All the empolyees are very prompt and professional and the acquarium was very neat.   This is a wonderful place to go with friends or to take your kids. My only gripe is the high price of admission, which is not all too bad when you consider the price allows for re-entry.   I paid a small fortune for myself and my two daughters.    The cost may be par for the course but I would HIGHLY recommend finding and using various coupons or discounted pricing before your first or next visit....
2	Very short and too expensive! Not worth the price of admission. The staff is very nice, and the layout and scenery is pretty cool.
2	Not impressed. It looked fun from a newspaper ad but then we got there and it was SUPER EXPENSIVE for a dinky little aquarium. I don't mind paying that kind of money for like a legit aquarium and zoo combination, but it was TINY and it's definitely not worth paying the money. I'd rather spend the $18 adult admission ($13 for children under 12) on something else.
2	This place was a huge let down!! If you're going to charge $18 for one person it better be amazing. I was expecting a lot more for the price.
2	Um no!  I went to Sea Life with a cousin and her 4 year old daughter.  We went to view Sea Life with the hopes of creating some family memories.  Unfortunately we created a memory we would all like to forget.This place gets two stars because:-It's expensive.  We paid $13 for adults and $8 for a child.  This is way too much for what you get.  We should have gone to the movies instead.  I suggest a flat rate of $4 for everyone.  - The event took 20 minutes.  - We took pictures at the entrance.  When we went to buy them they were extremely pixelated.  We retook them and had the same result so no pictures.-The dark walk scared the smaller kids. They added scary huge animals on the ceilings just in case the child could brave the dark they would be terrified of the large creatures suspended in their air.-The poor little fishys looked suicidal. They all sang, "I'm locked up, they won't let me go". They wanted to be free and their cages where way to small.  It made us sad that they were not free.  We saw multiple fish especially the sting rays with bruises on their noses.  I will imagine the bumps and bruises weren't caused by the treatment of the workers or small tanks but because they were rescued from someplace bad.Overall, don't go.  Watch Saving Nemo at the IMAX instead.
3	I went here on Mother's day, and we ended up getting a reduced rate for mom ($3 bucks).....This helped offset the overall cost of admission, so I won't gripe too much about the price.  Just FYI - You can get discounted tickets if you purchase/print them on line.....Yes, it IS expensive, but it is in a mall with numerous high-end shops, etc.  I think that if it were somewhere else, that the price of admission might be lower.The tanks are very clean (especially the BIG one).  All the creatures looked pretty happy, so I guess they are doing something right over there.  There were a couple of dead jellyfish in one of the tanks.....The only "bad" thing I saw.Lots of kids acting like kids.....A few times we got backed-up behind large groups of people - I can see how this would be a BIG issue on a busy day, but it was not too bad for us on a lazy sunday.Yes, it is dark in some spots - I am sure somebody will fall & sue them one day.....LOL  The darkness does make it cool, though - Just watch your step!
5	Loved this place! Took the grand kids, and they loved it too!
2	The place is nice, but it's way too expensive for what you get. It should be under $5 per person. From a business perspective, they would probably make more money if they made the admission less than $5 because more people would consider going for that. I will never go again. It's simply a rip off. Sorry.
3	It was as nice as a aquarium can be in the middle of the desert and inside a mall... The fish room was soothing, and the bubbles you could stick your head in were neat as well. It is a great place for kids, I just wish there as more to explore. You go once and you're pretty good for awhile. We bought our tickets online ( for a discount.) tried to print our tickets online but they never sent them to us, and we were expecting some drama when we got there, but they said they just needed the confirmation number, thank goodness for smartphones! Afterwards we ate at Rain Forrest Cafe and I think their children's menu had some sort of deal with the aquarium as well.
3	Worth a visit, especially if you have a little one. As others have said, it's quite expensive for how long you'll actually spend there, but you can save yourself a few dollars if you buy your tickets online ahead of time. The play/climb structure at the end was a big hit with my 2 year old. Would go again if I found a really good deal or groupon.
3	The aquarium was pretty nice, and I appreciated it as one of the few activities I could do with a five month old. She loved looking at the fish and the dark environment was peaceful to walk through, even with other groups of people. My main complaint is that it took so little time to get through. I felt like looping back through and going again. But I guess you have limited space in a mall, so I understand that. I especially liked the rays and they had a new jellyfish area since the last time i went so that was fun too. Overall, it was a nice way to spend part of a day and I would go again.
4	We have been here many times and it is always a good time.  Since we came the last time they added a new Jelly Fish area showing many different types of Jelly Fish in awesome colors.  We also left, walked the mall and saw it again!!!
5	My fiancee, my nephew and I went into this exhibit as a group, and I'll admit I was a bit skeptical.  After all, it's an aquarium contained in a mall, how great could it be?  Turns out it was far above my expectations.  I did not expect to see a quarter of the specimens I saw, nor did I expect to see them in the good condition and spirits they appeared to be in.  Maybe it takes a fish keeper to truly appreciate what they've done, but color me impressed by the sheer number and healthy condition of the animals in every exhibit we saw.  Some of the fish on display are notoriously difficult to keep in captivity (namely the sharks and rays) but each one looked to be in excellent shape.  Plus, they had sea turtles!  The main tank with the walkthrough tunnel was a sight to behold and I felt like a lot of care was put into the planning phase of the exhibits as each room had a unique feel and theme to it.  I loved the round shoaling room, the huge main tank with the sharks, the "Finding Nemo" tank full of clownfish, tangs, and other assorted smaller species, and the disco themed jellyfish room.As I am a fish keeper and am beginning to dabble in saltwater, I can understand why the tickets are priced the way they are.  Even going in with a coupon from my Entertainment book, they were pricey, but with good reason in my opinion.  Maintaining the water quality and filtering equipment is no mean feat, and not cheap either.  Some of the specimens also have specialized diets that require purchasing live animals for them to hunt.  Plus, dropping the price by too much would likely cause a huge influx of guests that would be stressful to the animals.  I felt for what they offered compounded with my knowledge of fish keeping, the price was fair and the exhibits were excellent.  I will definitely return in the future.
4	Nice aquarium with a good variety of fish I haven't seen before. The kids loved it and want to go back again. It's way overpriced for the 30 minutes it takes to walk the whole aquarium.
5	I like that they added on! This is a fun place for the kids and its nice that it is in the mall.
4	We bought our tickets online and got a discount which was nice, when we arrived it was busy and as approached the front till the girl wasn't over friendly and printed our tickets and stamped our hands and that was it, no info of where to enter or what happens next. Once we entered it was then good, people were friendly and helpful and the staff even shared info with us about certain exhibits. I would say that it was worth the money and definitely a great place to visit, had some nice sharks, fish and stingrays.
2	We went a month or 2 ago.  A couple of the exhibits were closed.  They shut down an entire section (the part where you look like you're under a doc or inside a ship or something).  When I asked about this, the girl knew nothing about any sections being closed.  I told her I have photos of my kids in this section and it's completely gone.  She didn't know what I was talking about.The theater smelled like A*S, the picture was bad, the sound was bad.  It was hot in there.I got creeped thinking about touching anything in there, I wouldn't let my kids use the interactive displays because I was afraid they would catch some virus.  It did not have a feeling of being clean at all.  The second we got out of there I went and found some sanitizer. The interactive game at the end was broken and did nothing when you walked on it. In fact we've been there 3 times and the interactive game has never worked.  What's up with that?The play area looked pretty beat up and dirty.One of the bubbles you stick your head in to see inside the tank smelled like someone puked or peed in there or both!  How hard is it to clean??I mean, this place hasn't been open that long and it's already looking run down and old.  I picked up some discount tickets.  I paid $15 and got 4 adult tickets, so it was a good deal, but I certainly would be disappointed if I paid full price for this.Advice:  Clean it up, add in some new stuff, fix everything.  Make sure it doesn't SMELL like a Jr. High locker room!I suggest you go to the Wildlife World Zoo and get a Zoo and Aquarium for about the same price.
2	If you have never been to an aquarium in your lifetime and have possibly been landlocked in this desert state I'd say go. If you have toddlers or children up to age 5 I'd say go.Fish dissection was the best part the teachers were very knowledgeable the rest of the workers lacked basic social skills. I would never ever pay full price for this place not even on a good day. Cool dino fish and shark exhibit, jellies were neat, the walk through aquarium was ok but the floor underneath is completely scratched you cant see anything a bad design choice I'm guessing.Aquariums are so tiny I feel bad for these fish they are all saying HELP ME!! You could basically stick your hand in any of these if your over 4 ft and touch the poor fishies, which is probably a really bad thing!!My 10 yr old took a whole 10 minutes to go through the entire thing they said your pass is good ALL day, considering we couldn't get out of here fast enough ummmm def not worth a trip from the other side of town just for this def not a tourist attraction I'd rather watch reruns of Tanked from the comfort of my layz boy.
2	Good fun for the kids for an hour but way over priced.  Our 10 year old grandson enjoyed it much more than our 3 year old granddaughter.  He got to touch a starfish, shark egg and a sea urchin.  If the price had been $25.00 vs $53.70, it would have been worth that.  By the way, our price was discounted $12 for purchasing online so paying at the door could have been much higher.The attractions they do have on display are nice and they do share information about the animals throughout the tour.  There just wasn't enough to see and not enough room to maneuver.  We visited on a Saturday and with the crowds, and all the strollers, it was hard to see, and hard to walk.  I felt rushed to get out of people's way.  We came away feeling ripped off.  The kids said they had a good time but the grandson wished there had been more hands on things to do.The jelly fish room did not impress me at all.  It seemed like too much space was devoted to one species, some of the tanks were cloudy, the kids breezed through this part fast.  I liked being able to climb stairs and observe the sting rays from above but like other reviewers, felt sorry for the fish and as they made the same circular patterns repeatedly obviously frustrated with captivity.There is an indoor playground like some of the fast foods have at the end of the tour.  And then the exit leads you into the gift shop where they hope you will spend additional money.  The little one needed to use the restroom and since we didn't see any facilities here, we just left without shopping in the gift shop. I wish they had a large aquarium in the Phoenix area like I have seen in some cities.  New Orleans has a nice one.  This place is obviously relying on customers to foot their entire bill of maintenance and upkeep.  Large aquariums solicit private donations from foundations and sponsorships from businesses to offset costs so the public doesn't have to dig deep into their wallets just to see the attractions.  I would not recommend touring Sea Life unless you think $50-$60 for one hour of entertainment for four people is a good value.
2	I booked my daughters first birthday here.  We were promised in the $164 we paid a month prior, 10 free tickets for day of, a entertainer for 1 hour, party favors for the kids, and a free year membership for the birthday girl.  We were supposed to be there at 3:00 for the party to be at 330.  The party before us ran over, pushing our set up time to past the party start time.  Our guests had to wait out in the mall for almost a hour.  They gave us extra time at the end, which we didn't even use. We didn't have an entertainer, the guy that was supposed to be doing it was only there for a max of 10 min. No party favors, glad I made my own. No membership at all.  Then they wanted to charge me $170+ for the 10 people who were already part of the $164 plus the additional people who came to the party but didn't actually go through the aquarium or paid already. I for sure won't be going back for another party or to visit the aquarium, which is a shame cause my daughter loves watching the fish.
3	Maybe I have been spoiled by the aquarium at Atlantis in the Bahamas and Sea World, this one was meh.... =(  It was warm, kids were running everywhere, and some people took forever to read the signs and look at the sea life.  I loved the jelly fish exhibit, there were this black ones.  Didn't know they were come in black, I always thought they were clear.  Cool!
3	Fine experience.  The place is geared towards kids, and my kid likes to tear through to get to her favorite attractions.  I was excited the main tank had sharks and sea turtles.  We weren't able to see any of the feeding times (missed them by that much), which was a bummer.  If we go again, I will plan better so we can see that.
2	This was the letter that I wrote to Sea Life Aquarium about our recent experience:I tried to leave a comment on the "sea life contact us" page, but kept getting a "page not found" error.  I called the 877 number and was told that you were the correct person to contact.I am writing about a recent field trip that my children went on with ___________________________school.   We visited the Tempe Sea Life Aquarium on Sept 25, 2013.  I was lucky enough to be a chaperone for the day so I was able to experience your aquarium.Initially I was a bit skeptical about visiting an aquarium in the desert!  I've been to many aquariums so I wasn't expecting a lot from your facility.  Boy, did you prove me wrong!  Your facility has beautiful and engaging exhibits with a large range of aquatic life.  Many children in the group had never been to an aquarium before so they had a wonderful first time experience.  Despite the beautiful tanks, we were disappointed in the educational presentation for which we payed extra money.  We were brought into a small, hot room where the kids played a game answering random questions about an oil spill and recycling.  Our students asked many questions at first and the answer that they received back most often was, "I'm not sure.  I just have the questions and answers written on the paper."  Our Honors Team students even laughed at the fact that the presenter was unable to spell "piranha."  The girl who did the presentation, I believe her name was Kristen, seems to need more training and education about the topics that she presented.    The first problem arose when she assumed that the kids were much younger than they actually were - not cool for 13 year old kids to be asked if they are 9.......not that big of a deal, but it set the presentation off on a negative note.  She was unable to interact with the kids in an engaging interactive manner which left the kids bored and uninterested.  The questions were random and there was no discussion about what the significance was regarding the questions and answers.  It was basically a bunch of random facts thrown at us that involved no thinking or discovery.  I feel that the presentation was not correctly geared towards our student's age group and academic level.  After the game, which lasted way too long (one hour), there was no discussion about the impact of oil spills or reasons why children should recycle or what they could do to make small changes to improve the health of our ecosystem.  Sadly, there was little to no educational value to the presentation.  I would have rather had my children watch a documentary on a screen than listen to someone present a topic in which they obviously had no training or understanding.  I feel that our time would have been better spent in the tank area.Again, your facility is really nice and we enjoyed our time in the exhibit area.  However, your education department needs to step it up.
3	My husband and I visited this aquarium after we found a coupon for it while walking through the mall.  I think it was $20 for us to both go through it.  We recently moved here from the San Diego area, so I thought the aquarium was a bit small and underwhelming.  It was kind of a nice change of pace however, and it gave us something to do for an hour or so.  Would be much more fun with kids I think.
3	This aquarium is pretty cute.I've been to some really great ones, so in comparison to the Atlantis and the Camden Aquarium in NJ, it's fairly small.It has some really neat features for kids!There are a lot of pop into observation bubbles for the kiddies in the tanks.My daughter loved the bubble in the sting ray tank.There are several touch pools-we were able to touch some star fish, which was pretty neat :)The main tank is beautiful...and we were able to get through the whole aquarium on a Saturday in less than an hour (we didn't stop to read anything-our daughter is fairly young).There is a family restroom at the entrance which is very handy.We paid with a discounted admission through Goldstar-I can't say I would pay regular admission. It's overpriced for such a small place, but I'm sure that money goes to the care of all the wildlife, which makes it worth it.The mall the aquarium is housed in..well, it's sketchy. We waited for our daughter to wake up from her nap before entering the aquarium and walked around the AZ Mills Mall-and it was just..wow. That's all I'll say. Not a place I'd shop at :/Anyway..if you need to kill an hour or two, this is a really adorable place to bring the kids.
5	A couple weeks ago, I took my young son and his friend (girl about 9 years old) to the Aquarium at the AZ Mills mall. I was about to get discounted tickets through The Employee Network which was made the trip even better. So basically I found it to be exciting around every corner!! It was a great, convenient day attraction to take the kids to. There were several small display of animals through out the aquarium; there were even areas that you could touch the SLIMY creatures of the sea, stand over stingrays, and be surrounded by SHARKS!!! Near the end the kids could run off any spare energy in the small gymnasium. This aquarium could be a quick visit or hours of fun-filled time with the family! (Plus the food court is right there if you work up an appetite with the sea family.)
2	Wasn't what I expected really. It's more like a mini-aquarium...definitely better/geared towards kids, not good for "dates" They also didn't have many different animals here, just two sea turtles for now.
3	Went here to kill some time after watching a baseball game.... Not super impressed with this place but it seems to be a good place to take your kids. Considering that it was located at an outlet mall I thought it was pretty interesting. Facility looks clean and well maintined, definitely enjoyed being able to touch some of the animals
3	We have POGO passes and the aquarium is one of the included attractions that you can get access to twice in one calendar year on each pass. So we have been here twice now, and I was hoping the second visit would be better than the first, but here goes.Some of the pros about this aquarium are the variety of animals, tons of talks / shows with highly informed trainers and fun facts on the walls and plenty of signs to help you know what each thing is throughout the whole experience. Every show on the inside we have attended has had really nice staff members and they take the time to answer any questions and ensure you know everything you could want to know. The gift shop is well stocked with a number of things you can get for yourself or family if you are so inclined.  On the flip side, it only takes about 30 minutes to walk through the whole thing, even with reading all the signs and information - may take a bit longer if you have little ones or watch several of the talks. The front staff both times we've been here has been not so friendly and on the second visit, ignored us completely until we walked up to the register base to try and get in. There was no picture person taking shots for the "fun photos" at the beginning on either of our visits, but you are forced to wait in that area until the automatic doors open, which don't have a timer or a person manning them, so you just stand there and hope they open.  Overall: C+If we didn't have POGO passes that included other area attractions I'd probably be upset at paying the regular full price to get in here....
2	This place is not bad, but I've seen better. It is something to do that is inside (out of the AZ heat), and is fun for kids with all the different sea life to look at. Nothing amazing, a few steps up from Petsmart for sure, lol. I honestly think our favorite part is at the end where they have a really cool play area for the kids, as well as chairs for the adults, and a coloring area with kids tables. I think we could stay in there for an hour, and give the rest of the place a walk through. We use our Pogo Passes for this place, and it's the way to go for sure, so you aren't paying full price. Check out Pogo Passes if you haven't already. Promo code: TAKE60OFF will get you 60%, and then you won't be paying full price for this place!
4	We've been to this aquarium twice now thanks to our Pogo pass, and have thoroughly enjoyed it each time. There are a large variety of fish and other sea creatures on this place, and even interactive tanks were you can touch some of the animals. They do informational shows as well as feedings for viewers. The prices are reasonable. It's also conveniently located inside the mall, so there are other things to do in the area when you're done checking out the aquarium. Growing up in Florida, I have been to bigger aquariums with a larger variety of animals on display in things to see, but for a central location this is a great place to take kids and students or any other family or friends who enjoys sea life.
5	Excellent place for kids and adults.  I was impressed with all of the different aquariums they have!  My daughter enjoyed the jelly fish, my niece the sea turtle and my son was intrigued with the sting rays.  There are quite a few little bubble windows to get up close to see them!  There is even a tunnel surrounded with water and fish!  Don't forget to eat the the Rainforest Cafe!  Have fun and enjoy all the smiles and laughter you will have.  PS buy your tickets online for 20% off and admission is good all day.
5	First time to the sea life aquarium and we went in with low expectations not knowing what to expect from a mall aquarium.  They have a many smaller exhibits and several interactive displays.  They definitely make the most of their exhibits with most having viewing bubbles which offer a unique view into the aquariums.  Me, my 5 and 8 year old girls spent almost 2 hours and enjoyed it.
3	Good with potential. I've been here twice now. Once with my 1yr old daughter and a group of moms, and once with my now 2yr old daughter and new son. I grew up with Chicago's Shedd Aquarium, so my standards are high, but I'm not going to compare one to the other. Overall, it seems pretty good. Pretty nice tanks, nice variety of fish, fairly clean etc. the first time I went was when they had their special jelly fish thing going on. By the advertisements I had seen prior, I was expecting something pretty cool. It...wasn't. Not at all. But the rest of the place was pretty good. Today, it was turtles. Points for being better than the previous jellyfish display and more engaging, but kind of random. The tunnel tank is pretty great though I noticed a lot of kids get scared by it (not Sea Life's fault). The "bubbles" in some of the tanks where you can climb in and look around from inside are awesome. My daughter loved it, and it was pretty clear that other kids did as well.  It doesn't take much time to go through...maybe 30min if I were alone and reading everything. With kids, that time stretches longer for obvious reasons. I wish it were bigger/took longer to go through, but it's in a mall. Not much can be done about that.  Bonus - a play area just before the gift shop. This is a bonus and also why it gets 3 stars instead of 4. The play room really needs some staff management. My 2yr old was getting bowled over left and right by big kids...one of them had to have been a girl of about 13...who were just sprinting around. There are couches for parents to sit on, but this also lead to them not watching their kids, which was irritating the third time the same boy pushed my daughter away from the slide. The whole room just has a chaotic, not very clean, "we don't care about this area feel to it". The gift shop is decent. Up the staff supervision in the play room (and maybe put one staffer in each aquarium area to supervise - some places were kind of crazy), and is be much happier.
3	It was just fine. Went there with my five-year-old boy and my husband on a Sunday around 230 in the afternoon. It was just fine. It was clean enough. The fish seemed comfortable in their adequately sized habitats. People who are saying that the fish had faces like they wanted to be let out are being silly. It was not too "people crowded". It is a rather small place.  It's actually what I would expect for an indoor mall. It does not take very long to go through.  The bubbles were neat. The play area was alright. Overall it was too expensive for what you get. I feel it should be much less money but we paid their asking price, didn't we?  We won't pay that much (even online) again.  The wildlife zoo has nice aquariums.There are signs that offer birthday parties.  No.  The smell of vinegar was strong at times.  Maybe natural cleaner for the glass?  There is no need to put staff around at various points (even in the at area).  Parents must be responsible for their kids.  What could/would staff do anyway?  Young teens with the first time jobs...they are fine.
3	I'm definitely not in a rush to come back here. Ever. The cute sea creatures deserve five stars for just being themselves, the staff deserves zero, so three stars seem fair. When we arrived, there was some confusion on which way to enter. My party was trying to read the signs as a crabby employee (pun intended) was shooing us off in a different direction, only to find out she made us go the long way to purchase tickets (there was no line). Had she moved out of the way and let us by, we would have been right where we needed to go. I came with a coupon for $10 admissions for any age, up to six admissions. Kids two & under are free. There were seven in our party, including my two-year-old, so the coupon worked out perfectly for our group. The employee was confused... Or thought we were trying to pull a fast one. She kept asking my two-year-old how old he is. Seriously, lady.... Then she had an issue with redeeming the yelp offer I was given when I checked in for 50% off a guide book. She told us it would be a while, because we had the admission coupon, too, and she'd have to get a different order up and do a search, blah blah blah. Really? We decided to just try the offer with a different employee on the way out and consider it a souvenir, since it really isn't necessary for navigating through the aquarium. Plus, my little ones were more interested in seeing the sea life, not hearing me spew facts at that moment. The restrooms were gross. The electronic screens that tell which creatures are in the tank are on a rotation, so if you miss it, you have to wait. Guess it's more feasible than having a million signs for each species. The starfish touch station had no restrooms nearby or even a sink for after the kids were finished. Ew. I did spot a crusty, empty sanitizing pump, though. Not helpful. Of course, we hit a trainee at the photo purchasing counter. Even with help from an assumed more seasoned employee, it took forever. They both seemed very confused, even after we told them exactly what we wanted to buy from what they had shown us. (Photos are taken in front of a green screen after admission is paid and before a short film is shown and you're let loose into the aquarium. Fun  backgrounds are added and the photos, key chains, etc. are for sale. In the same fashion as typical amusement parks.)So, like I said, the sea life they had there was nice and kept the kids' interest. Too much employee confusion and rudeness. Glad we checked it out, but I was hoping for a better experience overall.
2	No rush to come back here after the horrible experience we had. They did a segment on the news about the aquarium and the reporter specifically said that if you mentioned seeing the tv segment that you would receive admission for the ENTIRE family for $10... Not the case! We found out through a very rude employee that it was $10 per person and that we "must be stupid if we thought $10 would get the whole family in!" With a chuckle followed after. She wasn't speaking at a normal level either! She practically yelled it loud enough so the entire mall heard. There was a ton of people around so to prevent further embarrassment I paid the $30+ and took my sister. The lady taking pictures wasn't much better. Our pictures came out looking like they had been taken by a 2 year old with a disposable camera that was shaking. She wasn't friendly at all and was very rude when I knelt down to get to my sisters level she yelled at me to pick her up. In fact the only place that there were people who were friendly were at the sea star area, the Octonauts photo op area, and the gentleman in the gift shop. Even spoke to the manager telling her the issues we had and she said that there was nothing she could do and that she would talk to marketing about the issue. I thought this would be a fun learning experience and for my sister to see some of her favorite characters come to life. She did have fun and learned a lot about the different types of fish but only because I had my phone out and became a google master! Two stars for her leaving there happy she got to see Captain Barnacle and Kwazzie. But like I said we will not be returning anytime in the near future. I will just continue to find fun activities for her to do from Pinterest for the summer.
3	Cool place, especially for kids.  They have a wide variety of marine life:  king angel fishBamboo sharkCortez sea starJeweled moray eelsRound tail chubGreen sea turtleTouching poolsMoorish idolGold rim tangAchilles tangTear drop butterflyfishAnd much more
1	Understaffed ticket line - even for "fast track" and "prepaid". Due to disorganization people were hopping between lines because no one knew where to stand. Had 3 LARGE groups of people jump in front of me. Makes no sense that I'm waiting in line for up to 20minutes when I had already paid. Highly doubt I will ever come back. Not enough stuff in this aquarium to put up with terrible service upon entrance.
4	As far as aquariums go, this place is tiny and probably not worthy of more than two stars ... but it's in a crappy mall so one can't really expect too much. However, in another context, worthy of four stars for the family friendly factor (ie, living in the middle of the desert, mom of small children looking for fun things to do with kids, indoors, during the summer, without having to drive too far). This is a great place to go for about an hour to check out sea life. There's a fun playground at the end too where you can just let your little one go!
1	What a rip off!  This place didn't have it's sharks and half of it was under construction.  For four adults and one toddler we paid almost $100 to see some seahorses and a few clown fish.  Im happy for their mission of conservation but they should try a different form of fundraising outside of ripping off the community.I would pass, as your children will have a better time sitting through a National Geographic episode or at the DCD player "Finding  Nemo".
4	Take your time...it's not Sea World, you will run out of things to see and do if you rush!This is another great venue to visit in the summer, when it is too hot to take the little kids outside.  You will be surprised to find this kind of place in a shopping mall.  There are tons of fish and other sea creatures to see, there is an area where people can actually touch some sea stars, sea urchins and occasionally some other crustaceans.  SEA LIFE has a shark tube, or a glass tube where you can walk through the shark tank, much like the one at Sea World, California, only a little smaller.  There is a play area and a souvenir shop near the end.
4	This attraction is a great place to spend some time on a hot summer day.  It is very nice and cool inside!  While the aquarium isn't as big as Monterrey Bay Aquarium, it is a great place to visit, especially for families with young children.  On the day we visited, the people working at the aquarium were very friendly and helpful - coming by and asking if we had any questions or if we needed anything.  The only item I would change is the displays that give the names of the sea life.  Instead of being just an old-fashioned sign with pictures and descriptions, they have a display that highlights each species in that section and tells a little about it.  I like the old way.  I noticed some folks talked about a lack of sharks in prior reviews - well, we saw plenty of those.  Lobsters, starfish, seahorses, rays, and so on.  Our family was absolutely delighted with our visit - thanks Sea Life Arizona!
2	Not worth the price but something to do with the kids when it's 1000 degrees outside. You get a discount if you buy your tickets online. It's also pretty small so take your time.
4	Since my last review I'd thought I would do an update. I received a message from the aquarium manager. She apologized immensely and set tickets for my family and I at will call to return as we please. She attempted to make things right where her employees went wrong. That tells a lot about a manager and how she expects things to be done and handled. I'm sure we will be returning soon to see if our experience will be better the next go around.
5	This place is great!!! For adults or children.  Extra mega clean, the fish tanks are a work of art, each one is beautiful. Does not smell! Kids can touch and feel. Plenty of hand sanitizer for convenient use after touching some of the animals. Took my two year old grandson and he loved it! Great place, great staff. We will be going back often!!
5	Went through the entire aquarium, and I though it was fantastic.  My girlfriend is not from the area, but has lived here for a long time, and did not even know this was here!  It's an aquarium in the desert!For what looks like a small aquarium, this is actually bigger than you probably think.  There are a lot of sharks here (unlike what another reviewer claimed), seahorses, octopi, sea turtles, and unique fish tanks.This place is kept clean and is not smelly or humid like other places can be.  Well done, and highly recommended.
4	I was surprised how big this place is. There were a ton of different fish to look at in a lot of different, unique tanks. There are many that are built so you can step into the cutout and look at the fish all around you, as well as a glass tube that you can walk through that has fish over, and under you. They do have sharks in multiple tanks. They can obviously not accommodate huge sharks but if you have realistic expectations, you won't be disappointed. You can touch sea urchins, star fish, even shark eggs. They have turtles, jelly fish, octopi an so much more than just regular fish. Also, it was clean and didn't smell. They have a play area for kids at the end and a gift shop. Tickets get you in all day so we went through and then walked around the mall and then went back through again before we left. Also, you can get $10 tickets online with an AAA membership!
4	Had a fantastic time with our family, took a drive up to phx and definitely worth it. Children under 3 are free and adult tickets we're priced well.  There was tons of amazing sea life (fish, sea turtles ,sharks), and an aquarium that allowed you to touch a star fish, which our son LOVED. It was a big enough walk through aquarium (for being insaide a mall) that our money felt well spent. It was great family fun and tons to see.
5	Is Sea Life going to compare to some of the gems in California?  Probably not.  However for an aquarium inside an Arizona shopping mall, it really is as good as could be expected.
5	My family and I loved this aquarium! So much so, we bought the annual pass. An added bonus is that the passes were on sale so we saved $40 total. We were very hesitant before we came because the last couple of aquariums we went to (out of state) were complete busts. Surprisingly, AZ has one of the best aquariums we've ever been to. It looks very small on the outside, but inside is a very nice surprise! After we got our passes we were put in front of a green screen and an employee took a few different photos of us with different backgrounds. Each of our kids got a dive book that contained different stations. Each station is located in different rooms and has a certain fact the kids learn about. Once they visit each dive station they got to stamp their books. My kids were disappointed that one of the dive stations was out of order, but they soon got over that quickly. I love the setup of this place. Each room has different animals and facts written on the walls. We learned a lot while we were there. One of the rooms has two touch aquariums. We got to touch a hermit crab and a starfish. That was one of the highlights for our kids. We also got to see an employee feeding different animals in one of the aquariums. This place was very clean and the staff we encountered were friendly. It took us about 2 hours to get through everything. Mind you, we have young kids so that factored into it as well. They stayed looking at some aquariums for a while. Don't let the outside fool you. This aquarium is great!
3	good for children..
