4	Sin City Cupcakes kindly catered a few varieties of their sinful scrumptious treats at a yelp event last night. I was anxious to try the Italian Stallion, but it was a crowd favorite and Chocolate Wasted was the flavor that remained when I got to the table. And while it wasn't my first choice, it was very chocolately and moist with a devilish hint of vodka. Sin City Cupcakes would be great for any adult gathering or split an order and choose non-alcoholic flavors for the kiddos. I will definitely keep them in mind for my next event. I'd really like to sample other intoxicating flavors - I bet they'd earn a full five stars.
5	I was surprised on my Birthday this past weekend in Las Vegas at Bare in the Mirage by my friends who ordered me delicious Alcohol-infused cupcakes! They were to die for and such a great idea! The cupcakes were yummy, very moist and filled with tasty creations. I received Chocolate Wasted, No Limit Lemon drops and Pink Pussy cat. Hands down my favorite was the Chocolate Wasted!! The two beautiful owners hand delivered them and were a blast to meet and hang out with! So friendly and professional in every way! I would recommend anyone to order these cupcakes from them! Also, you don't just have to be in Vegas to snag your sin city cupcakes they are also available nation-wide for shipping!!
5	This review is biased because Sin City Cupcakes is part of my mafia family and  no one likes a Fredo.  These cupcakes are not for the feint of heart! Do not operate heavy machinery or sign legal documents while under the Italian Stallion!  Leave mommy alone shes not sharing!
5	Thank you guys for your yelp deal, I went to a party this Saturday and I took your cupcakes with me, (Chocolate and Red Velvet).  The cupcakes were fun, everyone really like them.But the most impressive part of your company is the next day delivery.  You delivered the cupcakes while I was at work, and you confirmed just to make sure everything is okay.  I love that.  If you keep up this customer service, people will be coming back for way more.  Thank you again!
5	We stumbled across Sin City Cupcakes as we were planning out our most recent Vegas trip. Being fans of cupcakes and booze on their own, we thought, "Hey, why not see how they are combined?"The answer to that question? Spectacular. In fact, these cupcakes might be the best I've ever had - alcoholic or not.We ordered the Mango Margarita Madness and the Back in Black cupcakes. They were fresh, moist, and most importantly, delicious. There's really nothing like coming back to your hotel room after a crazy day/night in Vegas and topping it off with a boozy cupcake that melts in your mouth.Their customer service is phenomenal, as well, with prompt service, friendly staff, and delivery to anywhere in Vegas.This will definitely become a Vegas tradition for us.
5	I found Sin City Cupcakes while searching online for favors for my sisters bachelorette party in Vegas.  What a perfect pairing for such an event ~ cupcakes & alcohol!!  I called to place an order - I ordered a dozen (half Cosmopolitan flavored & half chocolate).  The order process was seamless, I submitted it via email, they called to get payment & the cupcakes were scheduled to be delivered to out hotel, the Cosmopolitan on Friday at 4pm. Unfortunately as we were driving to Vegas from LA, we stumbled upon the worst traffic I have ever seen (chemical spill at state line shut down all lanes!) so I called several times to have my delivery time change.  The ladies were so helpful & accommodating!  They agreed to keep pushing out our delivery time & eventually left the cupcakes for us at concierge, as we were running severely late for our 9pm show.  I received an email confirming the cupcakes were left for me at concierge & as promised, they were there waiting for me.  They were beautiful and oh so delicious!I had them out for about three days & on the third day they were still delicious.  These cupcakes are not only perfectly flavored and decorated but make for great party treats or self indulgences!  And the ladies that run this place are fantastic!
5	My girl friends and I were planning a bridal shower in the middle of a bachelorette party in Vegas.  Instead of the traditional cake, we were looking to find something a little different and fun since the bridal shower was taking place in the city of sin.I of course turned to Yelp, as always, to help me out with this task.  Sin City Cupcakes popped up with great reviews from many people, which was very promising.  Their website is super user friendly and I loved the descriptions of all the alcohol-infused cupcakes.  I purchased a deal off Yelp, and called up Sin City Cupcakes.  Lisa was incredibly helpful with answering all my questions and even suggested some of their most popular flavors for us to try.I ended up ordering two dozen cupcakes, 6 of each of the following:Chocolate WastedRed Velvet BackseatNo Limit Lemon DropsX-Rated FlirtiniMost other bakeries in town were charging up to $30 for delivery, whereas Sin City Cupcakes delivered for free!  Pretty amazing if you ask me.I didn't try all the cupcakes, but the girls seemed to love each flavor.  I had a bite of the Chocolate Wasted which was SO good.  There were little bits of chocolate chip in each cupcake, plus a nice little frosting/creme center that was mixed with the vodka.If you look on the website, each cupcake looks adorable and really well put together.  We felt a few of the cupcakes were assembled a little messily, but the taste was so yummy that it didn't really matter.The cupcakes were such a hit, and I would highly recommend Sin City Cupcakes to anyone looking to add a little spin on their desserts.
5	I randomly found Sin City Cupcakes as I was searching for a fun place that delivers cupcakes, for a recent visit to Vegas.  What a great find!I was in Vegas for a bachelorette party, where during the weekend, we would be celebrating 2 birthdays (including that of the bachelorette).  So in following with the theme of the weekend, I looked into cupcake places that were doing alcohol infused cupcakes.  After narrowing down my results, to a couple, Sin City Cupcakes became the best option for a few reasons: (1) The Yelp Deal I purchased, (2) Friendliness and flexibility of their staff, (3) Free delivery to hotels on the Strip, and (4) Ability to accommodate to my delivery time.  This last point was actually a HUGE deal!  The other place that I was looking into only had 2 windows for delivery times, and none of them worked with our schedule.I emailed my ordered a few weeks before our event and gave them my cc info over the phone a week out.  Half of my order was for No Limit Lemon Drop and the other half was for Chocolate Wasted.  I personally only tried Chocolate Wasted and it was REALLY good!  You have no idea that there's any alcohol in the cupcake until a few minutes into it.  You don't taste/smell it, but you definitely can "feel" it's effects.The two birthday celebrants and the others in our party all really enjoyed the special treats!  I'll definitely go back to Sin City Cupcakes, the next time I am celebrating in Vegas!(If they had a retail outlet, then I'd probably order at least 1 of each flavor, just to try everything!)
4	Talk about a fat chix dream.  Cupcakes mixed with booze? I'm in heaven. Recently we had a convention at the Plaza and one of the planned events was a "sweet & greet" Even though there is a cupcake place inside the Plaza, the idea of combining cake & alcohol is a win-win. IF the cupcakes were good and IF the taste of booze didn't override the over all taste.  I had sampled one of the cupcakes at the Yelp Mob Museum event and they were awesome. We had the following: Russian climax (White cake/Kahlua or vanilla vodka) Marilyn Monroe (also with white cake)Choco-mallow IntercourseSexed in the CityLittle Havana Nights Better Than Sex  Sugar & Spice Dreamsicle Nights (made with vanilla cake)All were made to order - (see substituting white cake) as several of our group don't like chocolate - I know that's hard to believe for a group of phat pholks. The only downside was that they delivered them in boxes with no way to transport them - like a bag but that is a very small price to pay for getting ripped on cupcakes.  *looks innocent*.
5	Wow! What yummy cupcakes... and I don't even like alcohol! I got 2 dozen (4 flavors - French Kiss, Dreamsicle Nights, Russian Climax, Sugar & Spice, 6 of each) to share with people at the Las Vegas BBW Bash this year. I made a LOT of new friends! :-)   People were very impressed with the taste, quality, and visual presentation. Sin City Cupcakes delivered to my hotel and were VERY good at communicating with me throughout the whole transaction. I especially appreciated the packaging which held each very pretty cupcake secure and surrounded by a confetti of colored marshmallows.Sin City Cupcakes ROCKS! Two thumbs up!
5	I recently ordered some cupcakes for my friends 26th birthday this weekend and let me tell you, if you want awesome alcoholic cupcakes..this is the company for you! I e-mailed my request for a dozen cupcakes 6 being the Devil's Scandal and the other 6 being the FukuCupcake. They e-mailed me later that same day and called me the next day to confirm my order and handle payment. They were very professional! I also asked them if they were able to deliver my cupcakes early and they did. The thing that I loved about them the most is that you're able to order 2 different flavors for a dozen cupcakes when most other companies would charge extra for that! And the free delivery..awesome! The cupcakes were great and I gotta say that the Devil's Scandal had more of that strong alcohol taste but it was good being that we were partying that weekend. But overall great company, great prices, great service, and great cupcakes! Would definitely order cupcakes from them again.
5	Ok, so I didn't actually EAT the cupcakes, but I had them delivered to my sister and brother-in-law when they were in Vegas for their anniversary. My sister LOVES cupcakes and my brother loves alcohol, so it seemed like the perfect combo! When I saw they delivered for free anywhere on the strip, I was sold. They definitely went above and beyond in terms of customer service. They called to see WHO they should call before delivery, and then called again when they were arriving and I was very concerned about it being a surprise, so they advised me to just give the front desk a heads up, which I did and everything went smoothly just as I'd hoped! My sister sent me a picture of the cupcakes (gorgeous) and they were texting me their favorite flavors - mint mojito and margarita! I'm heading to Vegas next weekend and will be dragging my drunk ass friends there so I can try them! Thanks for your help executing an amazing gift!
5	I had the opportunity to taste Sin City Cupcakes at the 80's party following the opening round of the Justin Timberlake - Shriners Open.  They were infused with sangria made from Nobilo wine (who sponsored the party).  The cupcakes were outstanding.  Great flavor, sweet but not too sweet, and they were the perfect one bite size.
4	Got my first taste of Sin City cupcakes when they had a table set for the Nerdy Dancing II Yelp event.  My sweet tooth radar zeroed in on the cupcakes table.  Lisa was so nice and took the time out to tell me all about her boozed infused desserts!  Love the concept and love the cupcakes even more! The Adult Strawberry Milkshake one I had was so good. The whipped filling had the proper balance of sweetness & alcohol.  I found out they were going to be at the Asian Food Festival that weekend.  So once again I was lucky to indulge in these sinfully divine treats!  This time though  I decided to purchase the cupcakes to take home and have them later. The packaging used for individual cupcakes to go was perfect. It kept everything intact, cupcake, frosting and all.  So when I got home it was one sweet Happy Hour!  I chose the Coconut Sake w/Strawberry. Cupcake moist, I love the pairing of these two flavors. It was delicious!  So here's a toast to booze infused cupcakes!
1	Had a cupcake at the Foodie Fest on 11/02/12.  The cupcake I had had no flavor so I cant even tell you what it was called. When we bought them they were sitting out open on the table so it was kinda stale. And the size was super tiny...about three bites.  If there was any alcohol in them you couldn't tell...because  the cupcake had no taste.  I wouldn't waste my money if I see this food truck again
5	Had some of these cupcakes at the LV Foodie Fest. Yum.
5	Wonderful experience!  Headed to Vegas for a 3 day weekend on Veteran's day, which my other half is an 11 year Veteran and it was also his birthday, and wanted to have something other than a cake for him.  I search on yelp for some ideas and up came Sin City Cupcakes.  I was not disappointed at all.  Lisa was amazingly helpful.  I explained we were coming in from California on that Friday and it was his birthday and he was a Vet.  She made sure that we had decorative boxes as well as candles (but we forgot to bring a lighter :-) ).  I ordered the Red Dragon (Hennessey) and White Russian (Vanilla/Chocolate/Chocolate Vodka/Espresso Vodka), awesome.  We personally preferred the White Russians, they were simply amazing.  Customer service was great.  I received a follow up email because of slight scheduling issues with a pre-existing event they were catering, but I was notified each day with the status.  AND...in the end they were able to make it on time.  I would recommend everyone experience it at least once.  Thanks again Sin City Cupcakes!!!
5	looked on yelp looking for a place to provide desserts for my bday in a few months. everyone has a cake for their birthday so why not try something different? i flew in for bday arrangements and placed my online order days prior. I was given a call to confirm info and even when my order arrived at the hotel. I got the bailey's and the strawberry scandal. i'[m in love with the bailey's and will be getting those again along with others for guys. the selection is great,the price is right and the best part is the free delivery anywhere in Vegas.As I was coming through security, the TSA lady smelled it and I passed on the contact info to her. I will provide an update in a few months when my friends try them. keep up the good work
5	Just leave the box and step away... cause it's cupcake time! While others are walking down The Strip with those yard stick alcohol cups, I'm strolling with my pink box and my alcohol fix neatly tucked away in my next bite. These cupcakes are not for the faint of heart, they pack a punch, eat a couple in a row and your sweet tooth and buzz have just been married in the chapel of love that is your belly. I recommend the Itsy Bitsy Yellow Polka Dot Bikini (a mouthful to say and a mouthful of rummy goodness) and Russian Climax (get a glass of milk or a cup of coffee, you'll thank me later). Lastly, GREAT customer service to go with the GREAT cupcakes, thank you Sin City Cupcakes, you're all angels.
5	I found Sin City Cupcakes on Yelp when I was looking to get some treats for my bday celebration in Las Vegas. I immediately was on board because it just made sense: alcohol IN cupcakes. After researching the menu, I made some selections, but I needed to know if they could do a 1/2 dozen gluten free cupcakes. I sent and email via the website and immediately was given information about options and the cost. I mean, it was 7pm or so--I wasn't expecting a response so quickly. The email was also written very courteously, which gave me a good feeling about the company. So, a few days later I placed my order to be delivered at the hotel where I was staying in Vegas. Immediately I received an email to confirm my order...turns out I said 24 (as in dozen) instead of 2 dozen (24 cupcakes) which is what I wanted. I was happy to have received that confirmation email! At that time I was told that I would be contacted before the delivery in order to provide  payment information and confirmation about time of delivery. Sure enough, a day or two before the delivery I received that phone call and everything was set. On the day of delivery there was a bit of a delay, but I was called and informed ahead of time, which was nice (I feel like most places just don't provide this type of courtesy).  On the newly schedules time of delivery, my cupcakes were given to me in person and they looked lovely. So lovely that when I returned to the room all the ladies wanted to just eat them right away. I had a set time I wanted to have them, but peer pressure drove me to change those plans. Here is what I ordered, and my overall feeling about how I (and everyone else) liked them: Chocolate Wasted (Chocolate/Vokda) 5/5 hands down the fav of the bunch. I can see why it is one of their most popular. Better Than Sex (Raspberries/White Chocolate/Champagne)-- custom gluten free version 4/5 everyone was surprised at how good these were to be gluten free. They did not taste like it at all!Red Velvet Backsteats (Red velvet/ Chambord/ Cabernet)- 4/5 these were good; I will say I didn't care for the little pearl decorations on top. I just felt there were in my way. LOLExotic Sunrise (Tequila/ Orange/ Grenadine)- 3/5 I think these were the least favorite of the bunch. I decided upon these at the last minute because I wanted something with tequila, but it didn't come together for me. These cupcakes were moist, and besides the one "miss" (Exotic Sunrise) everyone was raving about them. If you are in Vegas and need of cupcakes for a party these will be fun to try. The folks who run the business obviously take care in what they do.
5	I am obsessed with Sin City Cupcakes!!! I haven't eaten one I didn't love-the flavors are amazing and you can absolutely taste the alcohol in them...but it's the perfect amount: boozy deliciousness! I had them cater an event for me and the cupcakes stole the show! The team behind SCC is top notch-especially Lisa. She is friendly and knowledgeable and makes you feel welcome the instant you talk to her.  I also love that Sin City helps with collaborations and special events. They did some custom colored frosting and decor for me and even helped with set up! There's no other company like them! Even if you are originally looking for a standard cupcake company, consider Sin City Cupcakes-you're guests will be so impressed!
5	Is there a more deliciously sinful cupcake in Las Vegas?  We've had them to our office twice now and each time, we are pleased with the timeliness of delivery and overjoyed by their tastiness.  Highly suggest if you're looking for alcohol infused cupcakes!
5	I first experienced these delicious cupcakes last year during the Asian Food festival and was hooked from the first bite!  I've been to other premium cupcake places and enjoyed their offerings, but the alcohol fillings in SSC's cakes sets them apart.  Coming from a family of drinkers I wasn't expecting to feel much of a 'bite' from the fillings as they claimed but was pleasantly surprised to feel it on the first taste.  The cake quality is also as good or better than the other places, solid with minimal breakup and flavorful.  I'm a cream cheese lover so I adore their cream cheese base for the frosting, and they don't overdo it on the spreading; the other places tend to spread a bit too much frosting for my liking.  There are currently plenty of flavors to satisfy any craving and they keep adding more as they hook up with other brands of liqour; your favorite brand may show up someday.  Finally, the owners Lisa & Danielle are wonderful young women; very cordial, professional and committed to the sucess of the product, not to mention quite attractive, a plus in my book ;)At $42 the price per dozen will be steep for some, but keep in mind that the ingredients are of premium gourmet quality and the cakes are made, baked and delivered fresh daily ensuring maximum taste and flavor.  You most certainly will be getting what you pay for.I strongly urge you readers to give these cakes a try; just don't get too drunk off them now, hear? (though that might be hard given they're so good)
5	I never write reviews, but use yelp for everything. This is the first time I've been compelled to write a review because my experience with regards to customer service was beyond anything I've had from a company. I found SCC on yelp when trying to find a cute little birthday treat for my girlfriend's birthday. I called to get advice on the best flavors, and they were so helpful on the phone. The same day, I placed my order online and they called me the next morning to make sure everything would be all set in my order...because the cupcakes were part of a surprise for my girlfriend and were to be delivered when we finally drove into town. First, I put the wrong date on the cupcakes, and they went to deliver them as per my request. When I told them I meant for them to be the next day, they were so gracious about it. The next day, I called SCC to let them know an update on our driving into town so the delivery could be just right. The girl delivering was even texting with me to make it that much easier for me!!! finally, they delivered to my hotel, and the 12 cupcakes were BEAUTiFUL! We had 4 Lemondrop, 4 chocolate wasted, and 4 sexed in the city. They were incredible! Everyone loved them. We're STILL talking about them and its been almost two weeks. SCC even followed up with us via email after just to see how they turned out and make sure everything went well. I would recommend this place to everyone. You'll be so happy with the cupcakes and even happier with the service. I was very impressed. Thank you again, SCC!!!!!
4	I must agree with the post below me, the customer service provided here at Sin City was beyond anything I've ever had as well. Planning a Bachelorette party is always stressful and i'm sure very common in Las Vegas, although it's difficult to always find people who can work with you rather than against you. But there was absolutely no issue receiving our cupcakes (even when the hotel permits delivering foods to any guests), Tiffany was kind enough to actually personally deliver them to me right inside our hotel lobby. The cupcakes were absolutely amazing and delicious. We ordered Sex in the City, Better than sex, and Chocolate Wasted. All flavors married well with our "Sex and the City" themed party. Thanks again, Sin CIty!
5	I was in town for a conference and my birthday so i wanted something fun for my colleagues and I to enjoy.  We fell in love with them! They we the most delicious, most, and tasty cupcakes! You also get a slight buzz.. hehehe.They dropped on of my cupcakes and replaced it but also gave me 2 free cupcakes! they were awesome and super nice! I will order from you everytime I am in Vegas.
2	I recommended this place to my sister-in-law for my brother's 40th birthday that they were celebrating here in Vegas.  I tried one cupcake (Chocolate Wasted) from this place before and enjoyed it.  However second time around trying these, weren't so good.  The presentation of these cupcakes are really good, however when you take a bite, it's another story.  Review on the cupcakes we had:Chocolate Wasted:  The overall cupcake was delicious.  From the frosting to the actual cupcake.  And it was moist like a cupcake SHOULD be.Russian Climax:  Taste of the cupcake was okay, but it was falling apart as I ate it from being so dry.Red Dragon Cupcake:  I couldn't enjoy anything about this cupcake except the frosting.  I thought the Russian Climax was dry, but this was horrible!  It was almost like eating a scone.  I'm not sure why the cupcakes turned out dry.  I really wanted to love these new flavors I was trying, but I couldn't enjoy the cupcake.  As a local trying to recommend this from a guests, I'm really embarrassed.  This place has so many good reviews, but unfortunately I can't agree with all of them.  The only other positive experience was that my sister-in-law requested the cupcakes for 6pm delivery and they came 10 am.  A lot earlier than expected, but at least they weren't late.
5	Delicious, pretty, unique, alcohol-flavored cocktail cupcakes with cream cheese frosting and a  surprise center - what more do you want? Awesome and super friendly service - we were coming from out-of-town for a birthday celebration and it was easy to order online, they confirmed via telephone a few days before, delivered free of charge to our hotel, even worked with me to change last-minute plans on the location. Very professional. The Russian Climax and Kickin' Red Bull cupcakes were my favorites. The cupcakes came in a pretty pink box with a window so that you could see them, and were packaged very well - I didn't need anything else for the presentation. I tried scoping out some other places but this one far exceeded my expectations!
4	After searching various Cupcake options in Vegas, I decided to go with Sin City based on the stellar reviews and awesome customer service. Oh yeah, the fact that the cupcakes are filled with booze also helped!I worked with Tiffany during the entire process and she was super helpful and professional. I placed a custom order for 1-Dozen bachelorette themed pink/purple cupcakes. Since everything is made fresh, you generally only get 2 different flavors per order. Being the indecisive person I am, I decided to add an additional flavor for a  fee. So here's the run down of my order: - Chocolate Wasted (Chocolate/Vodka) - Sexed in the City (Cosmopolitan - Cran/Orange/Vodka) - No Limit Lemon Drops (Lemon/Vodka) The Chocolate Wasted was my personal favorite. Initially I thought it would be overly chocolaty, but it was perfect. I was actually surprised by how much liquor was in them! I thought it would just be a "hint" of flavor, but you could most definitely taste the alcohol...without being too overwhelming. The delivery process was super easy! Tiffany called me about an hour prior to the delivery to let me know the driver was just leaving the bakery. When Chris (the driver) arrived to my hotel he gave me a call and told me to come down to the lobby. The whole process was completely seamless and super convenient!
4	I was in Vegas for my bachlorette and my girls ordered cupcakes from Sin City. We had the Chocolate Wasted, Cosmopolitan and Lemon Drop.I honestly thought it would be one of those cupcakes where they said it had alcohol in them but so much of it bakes out during the cooking process that you really didn't get to taste anything.Much to my surprise, it was quite the opposite, There was a creamy filling inside of each cupcake that was loaded with alcohol. Took some home to my fiance and even he was shocked by the amount of liquor in them.Win in my book!The cake itself was moist and flavorful. Big fan!
4	We had my sister's bachelorette party in Vegas and I wanted cupcakes for her dinner party.  Found this place and decided to call them.  The gal was very friendly and I ended up placing an order online for the Better than sex and Chocolate Wasted. Cool thing is, they deliver!  I wanted the cupcakes to look kind of raunchy and they were able to accommodate that with an extra fee.  The cupcakes were a hit with the gals.  The penis sprinkles were cute and the cupcakes were delivered to our restaurant on time.
5	I had a chance to sample these dee-licious bites of cupcakery and alcohol infused creations and I have to admit they arrrrrre good.... I'm not BIG on desserts, but these little bombs just explode in your mouth!  The cake is moist and tasty with the spike of booze...  so you get a sugar rush, then the mellow marinating of al-cohol.  What else can give you that combo?  Well, OK... there are other things, but that's another review....Foodie Fest is approaching, keep an eye out for them.... just try it, you'll like it!C
5	One Word. Wow! These are absolutely delicious! Had these for work with a variety of their cupcakes delivered to us. The cupcakes are infused with alcohol but they are made with just the right amount. Their creations are not overbearingly sweet but are just the right size. The only issue... You can't just have one! Almost wanted to try every cupcake but had to share with the others :)
5	Sin City Cupcakes wowed my guests with their amazing flavors and designs. They were professional and friendly from the get go. Their response time to all my questions  was immediate. The owners were super sweet in helping me plan during the process. I live in Minnesota and could not attend the tastings. My maid of honor attended in my place and loved how prepared they were to present their product. I wanted a fiesta themed set up and they came through with a gorgeous cupcake table. My guests raved all night long about how beautiful the cupcakes looked. They raved even more after they were allowed to start eating them. It was awesome how many of my guests huddled around the table tasting every flavor.  I can't wait to fly home to Vegas and order cupcakes for just us on our next trip.
5	I went to Las Vegas for my best friend's bachelorette party and we surprised her with Sin City Cupcakes.. It was awesome !!! She loved them !!! The cupcakes were surprisingly good too! We ordered the "better than sex" and  "pink pussycat", both were great. I wish they delivered to Texas!
4	Just had them provide cupcakes for my wedding reception at the Palms. Incredibly responsive and easy to work with in the weeks leading up to the event. A little sad that I was unable to have a tasting beforehand (I live in California); but all the flavors we selected were delicious and they looked beautiful. Would definitely use them again.
4	I wanted to do something nice for a friend that would be in Vegas celebrating their birthday. After doing a lot of Yelp research I decided to go with Sin City Cupcakes. I gave them a call to see if they quickly accommodate my order (which I wanted in less than 24 hours) and they were super helpful in all aspects. The cupcakes arrived just when they were supposed to and I received an email letting me know they had arrived as well which was nice since I am on the other side of the country. My friend really enjoyed their cupcakes and it was a nice surprise. My one complaint is that they were a bit pricey, but then again what isn't pricey in Vegas?
2	I bought these site unseen based on other reviews.  Since I have decided that reviewers were already wasted when the reviewed! My first hint that something was wrong was that the bellman was laughing at the fact that I paid almost $90 for a dozen cupcakes.  When I ordered these I thought something about them was worth $90. Not so.  The appearance was more like a teenager baking at home. Clearly someone struggled with these and there were random loose crumbs all over. The lemon looked the worse-more like cornbread. I bake lemon cakes all the time and don't get the hideous color!  All three (chocolate wasted, champagne and raspberries and the lemon)  were clearly butterless and dry.  We would have been happier with Costco cupcakes:( 2 days later and I still have 16 left.
2	The cupcakes are amazing. Delivery service absolutely blows and lead time is a joke.We ordered 4 dozen cupcakes. They tasted amazing. HOWEVER...first, we're given an ETA of cupcake delivery between 5:30-6pm. Great. Fine with that.We get a call day before saying the cupcakes will actually have to be delivered at noon. Ok, inconvenient, but I can deal with that. I assume they'll keep at room temp until we need them around 6pm for the bday celebration. I hung out in the casino waiting for them from 11:30-1:30. No show.I get a call. The cupcakes are now coming at 2:30. I continued to hang out in the casino lobby, wasted some time on slots, my friends went out on the strip to have fun. I stayed put. 2:30 comes and goes.... nothing.I call Sin City. I'm told that the cupcakes will ACTUALLY be coming around 3:45 or 4... despite original estimates. I'm a bit frustrated at this point. $144 bucks for cupcakes and I've already spent 3 hours waiting for them while everyone else is off having fun.4pm comes and goes... No cupcakes.you have got to be kidding me. Why the hell didn't you just tell me they'd be coming at the original ETA of 4
1	Why only one star you ask? Well unless you have time to call them and ask all the questions or thoroughly read their website, let me give you a cliff note version because I refer to Yelp when I'm on the go... 1. This is not a store front bakery shop. It is free delivery only. However, there is a $10 charge to deliver to the outskirts of Vegas so ask ahead of time.  You cannot pick them up on your way home from work or on your way to a party. Must be delivered. 2. You must place an order 48 hours in advance or you are charged a "rush" fee. They don't have cupcakes in stock or ready to go. 3. The minimum order is one dozenTo explain my example, I called at 11am and asked directions to stop by and purchase 4 cupcakes. Based on what I just explained above, if it were even possible my order total estimated $65 plus tax. Better plan ahead next time! I do look forward to tasting them at some point.
5	If you have read the other reviews, it is obvious their product is superior and consistent. That is a fact I 100% concur with! My company has now done several events with SCC. I wanted to comment more on the experience that Lisa and Danielle deliver. Two words come to mind, "professional" & "playful". These girls have such a high regard of business to make sure EVERY detail is covered. It's quite intimidating. But when the product is delivered (always timely) these girls and staff have a way of lighting up the room. They are super-engaging with guests like old friends. SinCityCupcakes can be quite the focal point of your next event.
5	These young ladies do an absolute marvelous job! The time and quality placed in each and every cupcake is astounding. The consistency and timeliness of their product is something many small businesses can learn from. I am extremely impressed and highly recommend Sin City Cupcakes to all!
5	Yelp filtered my review and I have no idea why, so I'm copying and pasting it again.  Damn you Yelp!Wonderful experience!  Headed to Vegas for a 3 day weekend on Veteran's day, which my other half is an 11 year Veteran and it was also his birthday, and wanted to have something other than a cake for him.  I search on yelp for some ideas and up came Sin City Cupcakes.  I was not disappointed at all.  Lisa was amazingly helpful.  I explained we were coming in from California on that Friday and it was his birthday and he was a Vet.  She made sure that we had decorative boxes as well as candles (but we forgot to bring a lighter :-) ).  I ordered the Red Dragon (Hennessey) and White Russian (Vanilla/Chocolate/Chocolate Vodka/Espresso Vodka), awesome.  We personally preferred the White Russians, they were simply amazing.  Customer service was great.  I received a follow up email because of slight scheduling issues with a pre-existing event they were catering, but I was notified each day with the status.  AND...in the end they were able to make it on time.  I would recommend everyone experience it at least once.  Thanks again Sin City Cupcakes!!!
5	On our weekend get away to Las Vegas for my best friend's bachelorette party, I decided to order these alcohol infused cupcakes after hours and hours of research in trying to find the best cupcake place.  I can't even tell you how thoroughly please I was with the company and with how delicious everything was!First of all, before we even arrived in Vegas, the Sin City Cupcakes team answered all of my questions on the phone/email regarding ordering, delivery, cupcake flavors, etc.  The girls were really helpful and super nice!Then, they worked with us and our crazy schedule to get the baked goods delivered promptly to the rented house.  Sadly, we had a lot of cab and phone troubles, but they didn't seem to freak out even though we delayed them with the rest of their deliveries.  The bride-to-be was surprised, and she and the girls absolutely loved how tasty the cupcakes were!We ordered: Red Dragon, Bailey's Wet Surprise, Lemon Drop, and Better than Sex.Everything was perfect!  Some even had little bachelorette sprinkles on them!  I was kinda weary about the Lemon Drop  thinking it would end up being really sweet or a little sour, but it was so so good.  Even the Hennessy cupcake was great, and Hennessy is not my favorite.  All of the cupcakes just melted in our mouths!In the midst of everything, I forgot to tip the girl who delivered to us, and when I called them back and insisted they charge my card for gratuity, they happily refused and just said to spread the word.  Well... word spread!We will be back in town in a few weeks, and my sister who also got to enjoy these little pieces of heaven insisted we order some for her and her Vegas birthday celebration. :)
4	These cupcakes are delicious!! They communicated with me throughout the whole process and even sent me an email with all the delivery details and who they had left it with.  Which happened to come in very handy since our waiter at the restaurant where they had been delivered to, for a minute, couldn't find them. I will knock them off a star because I paid extra for "customized" colors (black and red) and they came in pink and a dark gray looking color. So my personal advice, don't pay extra for the custom colors, they're cute just the way they come.
1	Let me start by saying WORST CUPCAKES EVER!  Seriously.  I'm not trying to be mean, but they were really the worst cupcakes I've ever eaten.  First of all they looked very unprofessional, I seriously think my 7 year old grand daughter could have baked and decorated better cupcakes!  The taste was very bland, poorly decorated and just plain BORING!  Don't waste your money on this crap.  Girls... maybe you should take up watching CUPCAKES WARS or take a professional baking class... just a thought.  Needless to say I will NEVER eat these again and NEVER recommend them! OVER PRICED AND DULL!
1	The idea is great but I recently purchased some at the foodie fest. To start $5.00 dollars a cupcake is overpriced. The packaging was terrible and I was unable to get the cupcake out without it tipping over and messing up the frosting. The first cupcake actually crumbled and fell apart on the ground. The taste was bland and noting to write home about. The creme filling was too heavy which causes the cupcake to fall apart. There was hardly any frosting and visually boring. I don't see this business getting any farther from the truck.
5	To start, I bought a "Baker's Choice" dozen for my friend when she had her birthday party in Vegas.  On her birthday, I received a text, including pictures, thanking me for the beautiful cupcakes.  She said they were so delicious and that it made her birthday much more enjoyable.Now, with that being said...That was more of an incentive for me to try one of Sin City's cupcakes for myself during my recent trip to Vegas for the Foodie Festival.  These cupcakes, as my friend said, were delicious, both to the eyes and the taste buds.  Beautifully decorated and colorfully appealing to the eyes.  My personal favorite was their Red Velvet Backseats with the Cabernet center. I never would have thought Red Velvet and Cabernet would make a tasty combination.  Their other plethora of flavors were just as amazing.  My only regret was not trying their Fireball infused cupcake, to which I only heard positive reviews on.$5 per cupcake is reasonable, given the fact these cupcakes are sold on their website by the dozen.  Yes, alcohol is a major factor in price, I believe, but for events such as the Foodie Fest, other factors definitely are taken into consideration.  And, I was told that their van was broken into before the event, leaving them to present their cupcakes in secondary packaging.  Though the individual presentation still had its appeal and I do agree that I had a cupcake fall apart as I was trying to get it out, all I can say is.. I'm not holding that against them.  They had a conflicting issue that they dealt with, head on.  Plus, I had a cupcake for each day of the festival so one cupcake falling apart on me is not signaling the end of the world.So, to the beautiful ladies of Sin City Cupcakes, I spent $44.00 for a dozen of your cupcakes as a surprise gift for my friend.  I can honestly say that after having your cupcakes for myself, it was definitely well worth it.  I look forward to seeing you again at the next festival or ordering another dozen, whenever I come out for another eventful weekend in Vegas.
5	First off the idea alone is genius, alcohol infuses cupcakes! I've purchase them by the dozen for any event I have going on where they can be incorporated. So many flavors & they're all delicious. My favs are the Lemon Drop & Strawberry Scandal! As far as the pricing goes I figure you spend 14 bucks on 1 drink at a bar, incorporate the cost of liquor in a cupcake, best of both worlds!
5	Alcohol + Cupcakes = Let's get the party started right! I host many events in the Las Vegas market and my most recent event in October demanded something different, unique, and fun. I was introduced to the owners of Sin City Cupcakes from a fellow Events Manager in the market and fell instantly in love with this company and their delicious products. My guests were wowed from start to finish and I couldn't be happier with the outcome of the event. I plan on using them for many more of my upcoming events and parties in Las Vegas. Amazing work ethic, delicious product!
5	Alcohol plus cupcakes plus Las Vegas equals fun for everyone!!!  Don't miss out on this treat that is always made fresh to your order!!
5	Really good - I gave them barely 48 hours notice for two dozen cupcakes and they responded very quickly by email. Called me the next day to confirm payment information, and by 10 am the next day the cupcakes were delivered to our hotel.The cakes themselves were beautifully presented and very tasty. The inside is quite gooey so it's a good idea to provide napkins! I had the Mojito and the Bailey's flavours and they are delicious.My only slight quibble is that the pink cupcake pans used sometimes give you sticky pink fingers (they're not 'colourfast' I guess). Overall a very stres-free and professional experience! I wish they had a shopfront where I could try some more flavours :)
5	sin city cupcakes is an amazing company with amazing owners.  i have never had a cupcake that i didnt like and they are known all around las vegas.  they are always striving to have more flavors and come up with more events to be apart of to show everyone what they are all about.  every event i have been able to be apart of has always been a success and there are so many more to come in the future, i look forward to hearing about them and hopefully being apart of.  thanks again girls, you rock!!!  i cant wait until its time to have another cupcake.  tiffany
5	Tiffany and Rachel are amazing, they helped me with a rush order yesterday and everything went perfect!  Bakers choice dozen for the birthday boy who was oh so happy!  From a pastry chef in New York to an amazing team in Vegas, I thank you!!! Can't wait to check you out next time I am in town.  100% best customer service!
5	I ordered a dozen Better than Sex cupcakes for my friends bachelorette the weekend between Christmas and New Years. They were super moist and delicious for several days as well as beautifully decorated with a fresh raspberry. They were also very helpful and patient with working with a tough delivery because it was taking me longer to get in to town than I had planned. Overall great experience! And they were open over the holidays when many others were closed.
5	Bought a bakers dozen to have delivered to a good friend for her Birthday. Called Friday afternoon and was able to get free delivery to a hotel on the strip. The customer service was great! Had the opportunity to talk to Tiffany. Super nice and friendly. Explained the whole process delivery, the cost, the difference in mini cupcakes and bakers dozen. Decided on the Bakers Dozen and paid over the phone. Five minutes later I get a receipt! Super prompt. Delivery was set for around 3 or 4 on Sunday.. Around 2 I got itchy. I called to see if the delivery was mad and without hesitation Tiffany knew who I was and where the cupcakes were going and who it was for! Wow., I jumped the gun a bit and Tiffany told me the delivery was just going out.. It did! Got there by 4.. Got a text from Tiffany when it was delivered! Friend got the cupcakes and Birthday in Vegas continues with sweet decadent alcohol laced desserts!! Thank you Tiffany!! I must try the next time I'm in Vegas! Mmmm they look amazing!!!
5	Amazing cupcakes & Great Service! The ordering process was simple and easy.  Free Delivery to my hotel on the Las Vegas Strip. Ordered days before and they were able to accommodate my request.  Needed one nonalcoholic cupcake and it was no problem!  Overall great experience with Sin City Cupcakes and I would recommend to anyone staying on the Strip from out of town who doesn't have a car while on vacation. Not to mention, they were very tasty!!!
5	I came from Los Angeles to Las Vegas for the annual CinemaCon convention at Caesar's.  My boss (who is based in NYC) just happened to be celebrating her 40th birthday while we were all together attending the convention.  We needed a way to help make this milestone birthday memorable.  Enter Sin City Cupcakes!  They were so pleasant to deal with on the phone and helped me to decide on which flavors to order.  We settled on Pineapples on Top (cuz my boss likes Pina Coladas) and Better Than Sex.  They told me they would be delivered between 8am and 10am to the Bell Desk at Caesar's.  At 10 minutes to 10 the Bell Desk called me to tell me they had arrived, and how delicious they looked!  I picked them up after my 10:00am meeting.  Everyone loved them and they really did make my bosses birthday a memorable one!  Thank you so much!
5	By far the best tasting cupcakes you will ever have. I loved that they were filled with liquor and still tasted good. I order them every time I'm in Vegas! Obsessed!
5	I've tried every flavor they've let me come in contact with. And the result is always the same...AMAZING!
5	Talk about my excitement seeing Sin City Cupcakes back again for another Yelp Nerdy Dance. All I keep thinking about besides the last Nerdy Event was truly those alcohol infused cupcakes. It was the star of the show for me last year and no doubt stole my heart again. Brilliant idea alcohol in cupcakes. Not that non alcohol cupcakes can not be as tasty! They do offer non-alcohol cupcakes, also gluten free, and really cater to all your cupcakes needs. Awesome! If that not five star customer service not sure what else there is in life. My first thought naturally was will it take away from the cupcake. Sin City Cupcakes they truly find this AMAZING balance between right amount of alcohol kick you in the butt and still have perfectly moist cupcake every bite. The icing, decorations, and whole presentation is unreal. Every cupcake looks like artwork felt guilty with eat bite deconstructing it bite by bite. Every bite you just get more addicted and want more. This year Nerdy Dance unfortunately miss the first round but thankfully Sin City spread out the love so everyone could get some. I got too taste exotic sunrise cupcakes. It was the mini cupcakes. I had the red velvet last year I believe. Not sure the alcohol was but red velvet one of my favorite desserts. I loved just like all of Sin City Cupcakes they find that balance. One that unique cause honest Sin City Cupcakes first cupcakes I have had that does alcohol infused ones. God Bless Lisa for being an amazing entrepreneur, yelp family, and showing locals gives back yelp community. Lisa her crew were amazing not only spreading the cupcake love all night. Not only Lisa and entire crew beautiful, friendly and fun table visit. Also being very very informative with any questions about the cupcakes we were blessed too try, about the company, and website order tasty treats. Couple spots now that Double Helix Wine & Whiskey Lounge at Town Square Lounge.Thank God cause know if need quick fix Vegas got the spot to get some Sin City Cupcakes. I must admit never checked out the website. Shame on me right. I was again blown away. Sometimes thinking ordering things online can be such hassle more less talking about food. The pictures (most part nothing left out comes too different menu items, or just feeling the Sin City Cupcakes heart and soul put in each cupcake), all the info, detail structure comes too the ordering system, the two day advance notice for any order, min dozen order no matter the size cupcakes, and classy the font too every detail just like the cupcakes. The follow up and the customer service is all five star service. I know my yakudoshi year. I know count on Sake-to-me dozen check! If ever thought about or wanted too experience alcohol infused cupcake Sin City Cupcakes in the first and only option anyone needs too know!! Lisa S Thank You for stopping by Yelp Nerdy Dance second year in row!!!!! =))))) Always be fan of Sin City Cupcakes.
5	I love these girls.... They are super sweet. They were patient and the customer service was amazing. I ordered two flavors back in February for my cousins birthday. They were delicious!!!!!! I will definitely be ordering more  in October for my next trip their for another cousins birthday. Different flavors of course
1	I ordered cupcakes this past weekend and they were delivered to the hotel I was staying at. First of all get your own candles, if you order them you will pay $5.00 for 6 measly candles. I was too excited to try them for the first time to even care about the price of cakes or candles. I had high expectations after all the great reviews on here. Well let me tell you, I would have been better off buying some at the grocery store. I ordered the mini dozen baker's choice and I didn't taste the liquor, cupcakes were stale and for 50.00 for 12 mini cupcakes, I really expected a moist cupcake. My friend's are staying in vegas in a couple of weeks and were going to order their cupcakes from this place but after this, I don't think that's going to happen....Not a happy customer.
5	We ordered cupcakes to be delivered to our daughter who lives in Las Vegas, we live in Oregon.  After a last minute change of plans, we contacted Sin City Cupcakes to see if they could deliver.  Not only did they guarantee a morning delivery, but stayed half an hour past their closing time to help us while we dealt with a credit card issue.  They were professional and compassionate!  The cupcakes were delivered when they said they would be and our daughter LOVED them.  Best company I have dealt with in a very long time.
4	The chocolate wasted cupcakes we delicious! Everyone loved them at a friends surprise birthday party. The frosting was sweet but not too sweet where it was not enjoyable and the cake was soft and moist. Tiffany and Rachel have great customer service and were extremely helpful. They have free delivery to certain places in Las Vegas which is always nice. If I ever need cupcakes for a birthday or celebration out in Las Vegas I will be ordering from them.
4	I ordered these boozy lush gems for our destination-elopement weddingmoon babymoon ummm... Any other trendy words I need to insert here?  Anyway, ordered a dozen cupcakes sent straight to my hotel front desk.  The process of payment and setting up delivery and flavor choices was done swiftly.  Everything went well, and as I paid over the phone, I had to power down my ubiquitous Apple product as we were now taxiing down the Tarmac. Monday morning I receive an email. The cupcakes have arrived!  I was told to go grab them lest they melt in the punishing heat of Vegas.  So we hopped out of the pool and fetched these heavenly things before we were off to the spa at the venetian.  I got Marilyn Monroe, an amazing banana flavor spiked with vodka; Better Than Sex, a raspberry white cake deal that was supposed to be spiked but didn't have even a moist center; and Bailey's Wet Surprise.. The true winner here.  Dark wet chocolate cake injected with a sexy burn.  The kind of boozy bite that warms the gullet.  Vegas perfect.  This was GOOD.  Unfortunately we couldn't finish the raspberry-topped ones as mold quickly set in on those treats.  There were only four of us so we ate them as quickly as possible however and did keep them in a fridge. They were amazingly delicious and so fun for my wedding "cake."  The price was a little crazy but that's Vegas.  A dozen smaller cupcakes (very light on the frosting) in three flavors delivered to your hotel will cost you around $59.  Gulp.  But they were so dang yummy and welcome to "come home to" after a long night on the Strip.
