4	I don't eat pork at all and that's their specialty, hahah, it was soo funny, cause the host said something like "have a porkstastic day" and I looked at him like he was crazywe ordered beef brisket, and appetizer sampler. They have good catfish. Good food actually. corn was soo juicy and the corn bread was yummy toothey have 4 different bbq sauces on every table and I like their paper napkins on a roll
4	Great BBQ - Friendly staff, super atmosphere and reasonable prices - what else can you ask for? Ribs and BBQ Chicken are my favorite.  Try the Devils spit sauce if you dare.
5	So glad a Famous Dave's opening up near me.  I have been waiting for this one for a while.  I blame going here on Man vs Food where he was taking on some BBQ from Texas.  Anyway, I had the beef brisket & Chopped Pork.  They bring it with Corn on the Cob & Cornbread.  My two sides (as if al that were not enough) were the baked beans and garlic mashed potatoes.  Really good meal, but word of advice - if a kid is scared of the dude (or gal) in the pig suit, leave them alone - they are scared of you and Daddy just may get up and punch you in the snout if you make his kid scream one more time.  Just my .02 though.I can't wait to continue to go here and enjoy being a "meatavor"  Service was great and prices are always reasonable.  Portions are more than enough and again, my only complaint is the annoying person in the pig suit making my kid scream.  It may be fun for YOU, but not ME!
5	This was the first time that I ate here and I too am glad that it opened up near me. I have not heard of this place but saw it while visiting San Tan Mall. I ate here for lunch and I tried the Texas Beef Brisket Sandwich and fries with baked beans. The Sandwich was great, the fries were cooked well, and the bean were flavorful. The beer was really cold and so was the glass and that was very important for me. The prices for lunch were great and the people were all very nice. Oh and another important thing is the bathrooms were clean! I don't have one reason not to give them anything but 5 stars. Yay.
4	Every time I visit famous Dave's I try and get something different and I'm not disappointed. You will not leave this place not full even the more smaller plates are stacked high. When place opened my wife and I were walking by with our kids and it was the pre-opening. It was VIP day and the manager asked if we were hungry and to come on it, the food is free today.  I've been back about 4 other times since February and the manager comes by to talk because I used to be a cook and in the food service. All the side dishes are really great, my daughter decided that the corn bread on her plate was not enough. She helped herself to my plate finished my cornbread too and then moved onto the rib tips. 20 mins after that she was asleep in the chair and slept all the way home and throughout the night. The beer selection could be better, I'd like to see some more micro-brews but I feel this way from drinking beer at San Tan Brew in chandler.
5	I enjoyed my experience at this location of famous dave's. The service was excellent, the server went out of his way to make us happy!!! I ordered the BBQ baked potatoe off of the lunch menu, A large baker filled with cheddar cheese, butter, sour cream, and perfectly cooked brisket. It also came with bacon bits which i opted to decline that topping. The price was $6.99. I also added a side salad for $2.99, It was fresh, cold, and crisp. The dressing (blue cheese) was great!!! tasted like they make it in house rather than coming from a jar.My personal pet peeve is when a restaurant serves un-filtered water, Famous Daves serves filtered water. YAY!!! I will be goig back for more delicious mouth water BRISKET!!!!
4	g and i stopped in here for happy hour, and were shocked at how much we liked what we got. i was expecting the worst - i mean really? chain restaurant barbeque? and like i said, we were really surprised. we ordered happy hour specials - some sliders, some fries and wings. the food was good, and i loved the basket of different bbq sauces on the table. beers were cheap. our server was friendly and full of recommendations. the bill was super cheap - about $15. if we lived closer we'd probably be regulars.
5	Love this place, the meat is great especially the St. Louis Ribs (is that right?) heaven, the corn bread is to die for. Didn't care for the corn on the cob either time I've tried to eat it. The green beans have a great taste (bacon!) but overcooked to my taste. But really who needs veggies and grains when you have smoked meat?
2	My family and I ordered a big butt load of food.  They have this platter I'll refer as big butt load of food because that what it is.  They have everything on this platter for you to try.  I enjoy the ribs the most for obvious reasons - they fall right off the bone yum!  The chicken and tri-tip wasn't much to rave about - corn bread muffin style that's pretty cool.  Big butt load of food also came with some corn on a cob & some wedge potato fries (according to Man vs. Food eat the carbs last)  There wasn't much of a drink special - mostly for mix drinks - yeah what's up with that?  I want beer with my BBQ man!  Ambience is alright southern rock n roll with some down home feel.  Service was good and they were on top of it.  The BBQ sauce I gotta say they had enough on the food, but with 5 different flavors you can't help but play around with it (Try the Devil's Spit!)
5	This is the best BBQ in phoenix right now period.  The St Louis ribs are what I usually get and have only been disappointed once out of 15 visits.  Also try their Bread Pudding for dessert it is awsome.
3	Solid all around BBQ joint. Great deals for Happy Hour. Skip the catfish.
5	Every time we visit Famous Daves we are never disappointed! Always get right in, always the BEST food and wonderful friendly service! My kids beg to go there and having 3 picky boys its nice to know they will always eat their food, nothing is ever wasted! The pickles are amazing!! I buy a jar every time because I cant get enough!! LOVE THIS PLACE!!
3	It was ok. I liked the atmosphere and the service was good but nothing else really impressed me. I split the BBQ Feast with my family which contained a little bit of everything. I will say this the beans and the corn bread were really good.
4	Delish BBQ most of everything you get has a "kick" to it.. Great lunch specials.  Love the pickles.  I did try the mini bread pudding for dessert it was delish.
5	Love Famous Dave's!!!The smoked brisket just melts in your mouth and the pulled pork is equally FAN-FREAKING-TASTIC!!! This is typically what I order when I go there for lunch on the weekends. Their lunch menu, which is available all the way to 5:00 PM, is a great deal. I usually get the two meat one (already mentioned which meats I prefer), with a side of slaw, green beans as a replacement for a corn cobette, and a corn muffin. Usually scaled down lunch portions are not as satisfying as their relative dinner portion. This lunch portion, however, is more than enough food to stuff your gord.Will I go back to Famous Dave's, specifically the one at San Tan? You're darn right I will again-and-again-and-again.
3	It was ok. I liked the atmosphere and the service was good but nothing else really impressed me. I split the BBQ Feast with my family which contained a little bit of everything. I will say this, the beans and the corn bread were really good.
5	Best BBQ place in AZ. Five different sauces all on the table, yummy chips to try them all, awesome fries, mashed potatoes, and pork bbq sandwiches. Great service, always coupons or specials, sign up for the email list and you get coupons. Reasonably priced.
4	The only thing preventing this Famous Dave's from getting 5 stars is the acoustics. Like all Famous Dave's that we have gone to, the music is very loud... but, for some reason this particular site seems to have an extra 'tinny' din that makes casual conversation nearly impossible. I felt sorry for 'Famous Anthony' because I could tell he was struggling to understand our orders. If you have a chance to sit in Anthony's section, you will be delighted! He was attentive, humorous without being annoying, and made our large family gathering feel like it was 'no problem'. Inlaws, 5 children and my husband and I... 9 folks to keep satisfied, and he performed amazingly!
4	Probably the best ribs I've had! In fact I like everything I've had the chicken, briskets, of course ribs. The sides I love the fries (awesome), garlic mashed potatoes, beans. The corn bread is way too delicous! I never get to eat my corn on the cob anymore since my dds always take mine, but when I used too they were yummy! We used to go to the Chandler location until this opened. This one is closer to us and not as busy. The food is just as good actually so far a bit more consistent, once in a while I got something at Chandler that wasn't as good as I'm used too but so far San Tan hasn't disappointed. The service is always really good except for the other Saturday night but my dh talked to the mgr because we love Daves and we didn't want others to be disapointed and not come back because of they're experience if they got a waiter/waitress in training but the mgr of course made it right away and I'm sure all other guests of Daves that night had a great time :) We will keep coming back unless of course I can find better bbq elsewhere ( I doubt it) but this place is so good I really don't want to try anywhere else for bbq, especially ribs!
5	I have been to famous Dave's before, just not this specific location.  I came here for my birthday dinner on Saturday night, and was glad that I did!Upon entering, I was warmly greeted by the hostess.  I told her that my friend and I were here to celebrate my birthday, and she asked if we wanted to sit in the bar or at a table.  I chose the table of course!Travis was our waiter for the evening.  I  belong to the Famous Dave's P.I.G. club, so I had a birthday coupon for buy one entree, get the second one for free.  I told him this, and he said that I also get a free dessert since its my birthday.  FTW! YES! Who doesn't love free dessert?!?!? I DO!!Anyways, I went with the Brisket dinner, and my friend went with the 2 meat sampler. He got the BBQ'd chicken along with the sausage.  We both got corn on the cob, 2 sides each, (I went with the coleslaw and garlic mashed potato's) and my friend got something similar.O, and the Brisket? Done PERFECTLY as always!  Juicy, tender, and o so delicious.Anyways, Travis was really warm and friendly during the evening, and they brought out my ice cream with a flaming candle on top!!!! YES!! They even emailed me a photo!!  MY LIFE IS AWESOME!!! I love you Famous Dave's and will be back 10 million more times...
5	Waiter was great service was fast!
4	Just had the full rack of ribs, Louisiana style. Very tasty. Everything including the service is great here. If you love ribs, you gotta get down here!
4	My son & I go here and have a BLAST!  Great food and awesome service!
3	Last time we were here they didn't serve homemade chips. But tonight they did, and they were good!One complaint I've always had....chopped pork.  Not pulled pork.  Chopped pork.  I have no idea why they do that, but I find pulled pork is better for sandwiches, and I like my BBQ pork in sandwich form!  Not wild about the "Texas toast".  I prefer an actual bun, preferably wheat.Overall this place has good BBQ.  It's not my favorite, but it's reliably good.  Perhaps a bit salty.  The potato wedges are good, and the beans are good also.  My wife likes the mac and cheese.  The cornbread is very nice.  I like it!  (And, to any Southerner reading this, I do realize it's actually a corn muffin, not corn bread.)Service here is generally very good.  Friendly and quick, and they do their best to work with you (such as getting you an extra something :-) ).This is not my favorite place, but it's pretty close to home and pretty good.Try mixing the Rich and Sassy sauce with the Sweet and Zesty.  It's good.Yes, they have TVs...in the bar.  And they also do happy hour.
5	1st time there the other day and it was great! Loved the baby back ribs and the baked apples and the beans were delicious
2	The meat is generally decent, but it doesn't have the smoke flavor of the Chandler Dave's.   I can never smell smoke in the place or outside.   The people are nice and the place is always clean.  The Saturday all day happy hour is a bonus.    Ribs and brisket are usually tender but the tri-tip is over-cooked.
5	Love Famous Daves! I always by there BBQ from the store and was excited to eat at the restaurant. They have many different types of BBQ sauces to choose from! There pull pork was excellent and they have many sides to chose from! Service was excellent as well!
2	I should start by saying I'm not a big fan of BBQ. The bar service was friendly & personable. The beers weren't great. But the food at Famous Dave's is just okay. It's not too bad & it's not too good. The corn fritters say there is heat in them, but there's not. The southern rib basket was pretty good - the meat was tender & we like the pickles & onions that come with it. The beans are okay. The boneless wings were good & we liked that they came w/blue cheese w/o even asking. Really nothing to write home about & probably won't be back unless there isn't another option available or we're really hungry & it smells good when we walk by. That's about it.
3	The BBQ Ribs were  delicious very well season but the meats Little bit to dry for me. Steam broccoli are over cook but the rest of the other two side dish very tasteful. Although the customer service are excellent very warm environment can't complaint about that.
2	Sorry, but I am always disappointed with Famous Dave's, primarily due to the low quality of the meats here.  I have to admit I have given up on them and no longer go here for that reason.  Gristle City!  I like the sauces and the servers are always friendly, but it is not a real BBQ place.  Nice bar maybe, but not a place to eat.  I am a big time barbecue fan and just can't recommend this place under any circumstances.
4	Food was great!!! nicely smoked flavors and the sides were good too ...The only disappointment was the pecan pie was burt, and the bread pudding had good toppings but by its self was just plain and nasty. -1 for the after dinner snacks.Will eat here again for sure...
5	Last night, 1st they ran out of tri tip which we both ordered which delayed our food. Kerri(waitress) and John(mng.) both made sure we were happy with our food once we got our replacements choices and then covered our tab. Talk about great customer service.
3	I was drawn to this place by my nose. If you have walked around Santan Mall you know what smell I am talking about. Sweet bbq smell, it drew me in. The place is fun and casual. The prices are good and their is a lot of variety on the menu. I shared a two meat combo with my bf. They brought out the wrong order for us, but I caught it and they brought the right order. The food was good especially the potatoes. Nothing was too special though and I doubt I will come back. The service from the people who took our names down to the waitress were eh-ok.
4	Love bbq. Their devil sauce is really good and spicy. Their ribs and brisket do not disappoint.
4	8/4/12I still love this place!!  I have not had a bad experience.  Had St. Louis ribs, potato salad and green beans. Appetizer of Corn Fritters, great and large portion. Ribs were just a little tough, but edible. Love the sauce choices. One of the better chain BBQ places.  It is a great fall back.
4	One of the best BBQ places in East Valley, period. All entrees range from normal BBQ to the infamous, spicy "Wilbur's Revenge" sauce, which I highly recommend if you can take the heat.The environment and decor is superb, added to the friendly staff, which gives you one of the best restaraunts to go to when you're visiting the San Tan Village.
4	Famous Dave's was a complete surprise. We ended up at Famous Dave's while looking for a quick dinner and finding all our usual haunts packed. I can't say anything about Famous Dave's BBQ, but the burgers we had were to die for; rich and juicy - on fresh buns - very tasty.
5	Don't go here much because I gain too much weight when I do.  The food is AMAZING, even the fricken corn on the cob - how do they do that?
4	Never before have I lived in an area where Famous Dave's has a happy hour - but theirs is so great.  Their Devil's Spit (hot) sauce might be one of my favorites ever created.  To get six of these little drumstick beauties for $4 is just perfect.  The other stuff here is great too - the brisket, the hot links, the ribs - but I'm a sucker for a nice cheap happy hour & these guys deliver.
5	Man their sauce is good. We just had the riblets because we are on a diet and dont eat carbs and boy oh boy they were sooo good.  Happy hour drinks vodka tonic were outstanding and only 5 bucks. We will eat here again when we are in the neigborhood.
2	Typical west coast BBQ. Dry, flavorless, and overpriced.
5	Take out last night for the family. It was a hit!! A large variety, the feast served 8.5 of us with leftovers!!
3	Good bbq that is smoked with a nice but mild spice rub.  The ribs are fall off the bone tender.Service is usually really good.  Unfortunately tonight was not one of the nights for good service.   I ended up having to call the restaurant to ask for me server to please come to the table.
4	Two visits, two satisfied dinners.  The St Louis ribs taste great as served, but adding a different sauce to each rib is even better.  The brisket as well.  The sweet corn on the cob is nice & juicy.  The corn bread is sweet, buttery, and you don't get the surprise kernel of corn in each bite. (I prefer my corn bread kernel-less, thank you!)  The Wilbur Beans have a great zing and a surprisingly large ratio of meat for the small portion you get.   And The Alligator is a great signature cocktail.  I really need to try something else next time. I have a bad habit of finding one dish that I love at a restaurant early and never trying anything else. Because I don't want to be disappointed, knowing I would've loved the other thing.  The good news is I'll definately have that bridge to cross, because I will be back!
4	Always good. Don't order any specialty drinks. Way way way overpriced and no booze in them.
4	Really good barbeque and a nice atmosphere sometimes the music can be a little to loud for conversation. We usually go with another couple and order the big tray of food it comes on a garbage can lid and the platter for 2 is big enough for 4 with food left over.
4	This place is really good. Everyone is really nice and I like how they take the time to explain each sauce. I'm not a die hard bbq fan but I was impressed by the food. I have only had Famous Dave's from a catered lunch at work but never actually went to a restaurant. The only thing I wasn't crazy about was the corn in the mac n cheese. It was still good though. Other than that minor thing everything was really good!
2	Everyone has been talking about this place ever since I moved here 10 years ago. I finally gave in and went to Famous Dave's for dinner! I have to say it was okay, nothing impressive. Don't understand why everyone swears it the best. If the price was a little more fair for what they serve, then I would say its a pretty decent joint. Overall, i left disappointed. Enough said.
5	Came in for the first time due to yelp. I had high expectations and they blew me away. Service was great, food was served fast! Everything tasted great! Cannot say one bad thing about my first visit. If its your first time let them now!
4	I have been coming here for several years now and have a few favorites. I like that there are so many bbq sauce options and they are all right on the table for you to try. The service is usually great, the prices fair for how much food you get, and the place always looks clean. I really like the georgia copped pork platter and always have some to take home. It comes with two sides and I really love the baked apples. The only thing I am not a fan of are their ribs. My son in law however loves them so it is just a personal preference, not anything wrong with them. They have an email club and send coupons and specials regularly.
5	Great food as always, just wanted to extend a THANK YOU to  our server Famous Chelsey, and the manager, mario for their outstanding service yesterday.
4	I love Famous Dave's and have loved it for a very long time! My favorites are their lunch combos and the big meal served in a trash can lid. You get a little bit of everything and can share with the family. Another plus for this restaurant is I have never encountered a rude or unfriendly server.
1	For the last three times we have it has taken forever!  We are talking 45+ per time to get our food.  One time we were there over an hour, luckily our kids were well behaved.  The food is decent, every time we go it seems as if the back of the house does not have their act together.
5	I LOVE this place!! Such good BBQ and a fun atmosphere to enjoy a yummy meal!! I recently took my family, from out of state, and we got the big platter. It was around $60 and it fed all 5 of us, plus left overs. Delicious!! Everything I've tried there is good.  And they do free meals for teachers on teacher appreciation day!!
1	Ribs came out cold and when I said something they took them back and reheated them in a microwave making them scalding hot. The ribs were then overcooked and not good at all. We had a great server however the food was not good and we wont be back.
5	We eat here all the time. Great service and the most amazing burgers. YUM!!!!
4	Great food, great service. The chips are awesome for flavor testing of all the sauces on the table. Went with the sampler plate as my dinner as I wanted a taste of it all. Monday night was very little crowd. Start and end with Famous Dave pickles next to the door.
5	They got it right, it's that simple.Food was amazing with an ambiance to match.  To compliment just one of the staff would be unfair, they were all great from entry to exit.Will be back.
5	Our first experience at Famous Dave's was one of our best so far since moving to Gilbert over four months ago. Our server Eddie was very friendly and made excellent recommendations.  We had a chance to meet Wilbur and also had an opportunity to meet Cheryl, the manager who brought us our food.  Cheryl took time to speak with us like we were family who had come to her house for dinner.  All of our food was excellent and delivered in a very timely manner.  When we asked for our check, it was delivered by Cheryl who also brought us a free desert welcoming us to Gilbert.  We will be back and we plan to tell others about our great experience.
5	Oh boy this finger licking BBQ serverd sweet with a smoking fire on the side of your mouth the drinks are amazing I ordered a Arnold Palmer sweet and sour to a Sweet tea and burgers are top notch up to the best I have ever had I give famous Dave's a 5 star rateing my eatting experience was very good workers on there game every thing was very smoking good
2	Server was good but the food lacked. Food came out Luke warm and lacked flavor. For the price I could have gone to a few other places for hot flavorful food. Not only was it warm and not full of flavor the kitchen was so slow it took 35 minutes to get food out which was not even well prepared. This much time I would expect hot food and flavor. My toast for example was only toasted on one side the sausage was reheated from the night before because it was cold on the middle. Two salads and chili and lunch platter and kids corn dogs and it took 35 minutes for what I gather was microwaved. Really sad I wanted to like the food. Again the server was great but was hammered by his kitchen coworkers.
2	Difficult to find.  Waitress was wonderful.  Almost all of the food was great!  I got the mac n cheese as a side and it was spoiled.  Tasted like sour milk.  Waitress wouldn't touch it.   I got an apology.  Once from the waitress and another from a gentleman who did not introduce himself.   That's it.  Sorry but as a small business owner I expected a bit more than an apology.  Hey guys! Next time make it right!!!!!!   Famous Dave's will not be on my "go to" list.
5	I went in tonight, a Friday, and they were super busy. I could tell they were overwhelmed, but not in a bad way. They had it under control. The service was no different than any other time I had been there,  the food didn't take long, and it tasted spectacular. If you're not much of a ribs person, order the salmon! Their Macaroni and Cheese is my favorite from any restaurant.
2	Food took almost 2 hours to come out and when we got our food it was cold!waitress was rude the one by chandler mall is so much better will drive the extra miles to get better service and hot food!
3	Was good and on par for what it is. Mashed potatoes seemed a little fake, and the soda was flat and only had like 2 ice cubes floating in it. Service was nothing special. All in all, it was Famous Daves.
3	This place is hard to find in the San Tan mecca of stores.  I had to call to get directed in.  Servers were nice.  The food portions were very small but tasty.  I wasn't overly impressed with the sauces.  They were decent but i have had better.
1	We had the platter. The brisket, ribs and chicken tasted like they had been refrigerated for the last 5 days, reheated and served with fresh potato wedges. Tasted very dry, not like fresh sliced meat or BBQ chicken. Not impressed.
4	Wanted some good bbq and found this place on Yelp. This was my first time here.  The girl doing the to go was so polite and really had great customer service skills. She was so sweet. Ordered the feast for two, cost about $40.  When I got the food I was shocked. This was the most food I have ever seen in a portion! This thing must have weighed 10 pounds at least. OMG. The cornbread was AMAZING. I chose corn on the cobb, coleslaw, and baked beans as my sides. the meat consisted of chicken, ribs, and tri tip. I thought the tri tip was not good. very fatty.  The ribs were great. The chicken was okay.  The only thing that was disappointing was the bbq sauces. I tried two of them. One was so spicy I couldn't even eat it. The other was ok. Would I go back? Yes, definitely. There are more sauces you can choose from if you dine in. Overall I was impressed. Check it out.
5	My husband and I were looking for a new place to eat instead of the places we normally go out to eat, when we do go out.  Honestly, I wanted Greek or middle eastern food, but I knew my husband wouldn't want to eat that.  We even were at the front door of Carraba's and then my husband said he didn't feel like pasta.  I'm thinking, are you kidding?  Why didn't you say that before we got out of the car?  So, since we were close to the San Tan Mall, I thought how about there.  Let's see, he doesn't like sushi, so nix that.  He doesn't like Mexican.  Nix that.  We wanted a new place, so nix Grimaldi's.  He doesn't care for Paradise Bakery.  Nix that.   Nix Red Robins because we've been there before.Seriously, the options are closing down and I can feel faint for driving so much trying to find a place.  How about Dave's?  What do they serve?  Beef?  I want beef.  Okay.  Yes, they have been and BBQ stuff, will that be okay?  FINALLY.We parked not too far from the orange Lotus in the parking lot and went to Dave's around 1:15 pm.  Not many people.  I was so hungry and was thinking some burger, even though I really wasn't interested in a burger, just so my husband could be happy.My husband just loves hardcore good ole American cooking whereas I really love all these ethnic type foods.  So, we get seated at a booth that is really big enough for six people.  The place is rather quiet, so it was good and it was clean.Everyone was really nice and they gave us these menus filled with meat stuff.  My husband's wanting something with the word Feast.  The Feast for Two is 1/2 of the Feast for 4-6.  I'm thinking from the picture the Feast for Two is a lot of food, but I figure, we can take home leftovers.  It was a bit pricey at $36.99.  We normally go very inexpensive, well under $10 for lunch for the two of us and this was like 4 lunches, almost, well, after tip it was like 5 lunches plus.  Our waitress, the woman that brought the food, the person who seated us and some other woman all were super nice and gave great service.  No complaints there and they were very accommodating.  Our waitress warned us it was a lot of food and that we would be having leftovers for sure.She came out not long after we ordered, obviously the food was made already and I was glad because I was super hungry and so was my husband.  However, the amount was HUGE, I mean HUGE.  Everything tasted fresh and good, not as one reviewer said.  The roasted chicken was very succulent and tasty.  The brisket was juicy and had good flavor.  The meat on the ribs were very tender.   All the sauces tasted very good.  My favorite was the devil's spit (hate the name) with one of the sweeter sauces mixed.  The potatoes wedges were fresh.  The corn on the cob was really tender and yummy.  Loved the cole slaw and beans.   And there was some corn muffins, which I didn't eat.I had some of the chicken, 1 rid, and a piece of the brisket, a little cole slaw and beans, some wedges.  My husband had a bit more meat than me, but even after we both too our food for our lunch, it didn't look like we had taken too much from the very large platter of food.  We took home 3 large containers of food packed home.  This really wasn't a feast for 2, rather a feet for 6, at least how my husband, kids and I ate.  Total for us, it really feeds 6.  I'm sure if we took our kids there to eat that same meal, we'd still have leftovers.  We really enjoyed this and my husband really loves this kind of food.  We'll be back again, but even with being really hungry, it was way too much food.Maybe our good experience was due to coming at some off hour, after the lunch rush is over and well before dinner.  I don't know.
3	As someone who spent the last seven years living in Tennessee and north Carolina this place was a disappointment. I guess if you don't know real bbq it is probably fine but there is nothing famous about this place.  Won't go back again. They do have really cheap happy hour appetizers if you can deal with the fast food style bbq.
4	So i'll start off by saying its not the best BBQ in the world, but its definitely one of the better ones.  Especially for a large high volume chain.  I'll start off by saying I don't like corn bread, but the way they do their's is awesome!!  They have two platters, I usually always get the large even with only two people for a TON of leftovers. It normally serves 4-6.  Brisket is tender, ribs are fall off the bone, corn is sweet and never dry.  Even the pice of bread under the brisket is something to savor.  We even found ourselves buying their sauces (they have 6 if I recall) and the pickle chips.  Oh those pickle chips..  Buy the BIG jar at costco!!  Can't say anything about the price as BBQ is always expensive, but this is at the lower end.  If you have BBQ in mind and your not from Texas or Oklahoma, then don't hesitate with this place.  If you are from Texas or OK, tell me what you find here.  PS, i've been to other Famous Dave's and they are just as good, very consistent.
4	Always amazing service, but I always feel guilty after eating here.  Good BBQ, but definitely not for the health conscious :)
3	Ehhhh.... Food was ok, nothing great but also not terrible. The sides of mashed potatoes and mashed potatoes were really good although I wish they would have let me know the mac & cheese had corn and pepper? Chicken sandwich was good but not amazing, tasted basic. The servers though are in need of basic training,
4	It had been a while since we have had lunch or dinner here, sooooo good! We order a feast to try everything and we have leftovers for tomorrow. The brisket was tender and delicious. The ribs are awesome with a little sweet and zesty BBQ sauce! The Mac n cheese was very good, no complaints!
4	Go for happy hour.  The rib tip platter is really good.  You dont get alot of meat but you get alot of flavor. I recommend the stillhouse sangria too.  Its a peach sangria that is really refreshing on a hot day.
2	Went here to eat dinner...i got the cast iron steak....it was burnt full of char...have to drench in bbq for any flavor. I know its a bbq place but wanted just a steak. My wife got the catfish. Little slivers of catfish strips that were a lil too fishy for her. Best thing was the side but that being said u get a small scoop of those! We wont be going back due to the food....the time it took the server to get our food. I think they were a lil understaffed
5	Went there this afternoon with our kids (4 of us).  Used my daughter's birthday coupon to get 1/2 off the 2nd entree.We got the Feast for One (with the roasted chicken) and another entree of St. Louis Ribs with Texas Beef Brisket with mac & cheese with broccoli.  Everything was delicious, though, my daughter commented she liked her aunt's ribs better.  This was a lot of food and we all ate until we were stuffed.  The Feast for One is enough food for 2 adults to get stuffed.We went about 3:00 pm or a little later, so there were hardly any people in the restaurant.  Our server Sarah and the other people that helped were fantastic.  No complaints.  It's a little pricey for what we usually do, but once in awhile and a coupon certainly does help.  The roasted chicken, the pork, the ribs, the brisket were all so yummy.
2	The service was very, very good, but the food was awful. If you're gonna do BBQ, just drive 15 minutes west to Rudys and get some great grub.
4	Had a great meal there on my birthday and the rib tips were great.Cant get enough of their chips and sauces not to mention their spicy pickle chips.James G is a great bartender and took great care of us. Thanks for the blow torch atop my birthday sundae !!Famous daves bbq leftovers are great the next day !!
1	If I could give no stars, I would. We actually just left this one to go to the one at Mesa river view. Service here was terrible. 2 managers were sitting in the bar, at a table directly in front of us, eating, servers just walked right by and ignored the empty glasses on our table. Heard a server drop an "oh shit" less then 6 feet from me at the bar. And they had 1 bartender to make the drinks for all the restaurant plus service ALL the tables in the bar area. You can absolutely tell that the 2 restaurants are managed totally different. We will never come back to this one.
3	So we came in to give them a chance at redemption, and they did. The brisket was good, the service was good. And we will leave it at that.
4	First and foremost I will start by saying my favorite food in the world is BBQ ribs!  I went here yesterday for my birthday lunch to have just that,  I ordered tge chilli for starters which was pretty decent,  but a little heavy on the sour cream and lacking in the meat department. I ordered the baby back ribs of course for my entree with the mashed potatoes and steamed broccoli.  I am a fan of all style of ribs,  however these ribs where not the best and not the worst, but could certainly be better.  I understand there not "fall off the bone ribs"  but they were tougher than most steaks I've had.  I am a fan of this place and will return for other menu items, but the ribs need some extra love for sure.
5	every time I go here, the food just plain rocks. I love having all the different types of BBQ sauces at my table at once. never had a bad experience here, and definitely a fan.
1	Thought we'd try something different tonight as we're celebrating my boyfriends birthday week.  We have both been to Famous Dave's before just never together.  We arrived about 715pm and we always sit at the bar,  especially during football season.  The bar had 2 guests souring at it and the remainder of the bar was dirty. Not one open seat inviting us in.  As we stood there,  i finally spoke up and asked the bartender if we can sit there, and he finally started cleaning up.  I thought ok,  let's give this guy a chance,  he probable just finished a rush and hadn't pickled up yet.  Ummm no!!!! The service continued to decline and the mess just piled up. Boyfriend and I finished first beer and waiting 10 or 15 minutes before I asked across the beer for 2 more beers. REALLY?  this is crappy service.  Not only did the bartender wait on the bar guests,  he was responsible for all the tables in tyne bat and the outside patio.  While he was outside I could have served myself quicker.  Not very smartly thought out. Service was crappy,  food was cold,  dirty restaurant.  Very disappointed in this location.  Even saw manager running food out,  but never stopped to greet tables or round  on guests.  Obviously this location is lacking from management down.  Chandler mall and mesa riverview will get my business next time.UPDATE 11/3 Impressed that the General Manager attempted to call me to speak with me regarding my experience, however after each of us leaving a message for one another, it didnt go any further than that. The ball was left in his court and he never attempted again. Guess he REALLY didnt want to talk to me. Too bad!!
1	Not real bbq...burnt ends were like cubes of spam smothered in bbq sauce.  Ribs had no meat.  Mac n cheese sub par. Beans tasted like they were out of a can.  Sorry....won't be coming back.
5	Ate here two times. Both times food was excellent. People are nice and service at bar was excellent.  Big screen tvs with games on at bar. All in all good food and good atmosphere. Will be eating here again.
