5	I'm in Las Vegas with my father for one night (don't ask, we're not getting married or any sick Red state shit like that) and I refuse to eat where we are staying because as much as I love me some free room service, I cannot handle when my only choice on the menu is a STEAMED VEGETABLE PLATTER.  that is right.  it is a platter of steamed vegetables and a scoop of white rice.  just typing that sentence makes me want to get sick all over this computer.  now, you might be thinking, "Laura, aren't you on Weight Watchers?" and to that I say, "Fuck you."  So anyway, I decide we're going to be adventurous and take a trip off the strip to a mostly vegetarian restaurant that I've been to before called Long Life Vege.  It's about a ten minute cab ride away, it's cheap and they have delicious fake meat.  Delicious.  While my dad may hate fake meat product, there is nothing the man loves more than cheap (the dude likes to be told how much you spent on his birthday present and if it's under $10 he will be all, "HIGH FIVE!" Once, my sister got him a pair of toe nail clippers from Mac Frugal's (RIP) for 99 cents and the man shed a tear.  HE CRIED, HE WAS SO PROUD) so we were in a cab faster than you can say, "faux chicken chow mein."  Well, our cabbie was a delightful chap from Somalia who was very affable and talkative and when he asked why we were going to a vegetarian restaurant, my dad said, "Because this one's a VEGAN!  Hahaha!' and they laughed and laughed.  Good one, you guys!  It IS hilarious when someone is vegan!  HAR DEE FUCKING HAR HAR.we pull up to Long Life Vege and the motherfucker is closed.  GODDAMMIT.  we ask our cabbie for restaurant recommendations and he suggests Merkato since it is nearby and he is a regular.  We get to Merkato and as we are getting out of the cab, both my dad and I realize that we forgot our wallets.  Well, actually, my dad forgot his wallet and I "forgot" mine, you dig?  I ain't paying when money bags is around!  I wrangle dogs for a living and my father gets hundred dollar bills poured on his head just for waking up.  Plus, there will be no social security left for me when i'm old and I gotta save NOW!  and by save NOW!, i mean buy that new ipod phone because it's SWEET!  do you think it comes in pink??We take a cab back to the hotel, my dad get his wallet, takes out another $100 from the ATM and we drive back to Merkato.  The cab is $45 at this point so my dad gives the guy what he thinks is $70 because he has put up with our insanity for the evening.  You're saying to yourself, "Who gives a fuck, Laura?" And to that I say, "Wait for it. You will get a mild satisfaction at the end but it's probably still not worth reading the whole long ass review."We walk into Merkato and are the only non-Ethiopian people in the place and it's crazy crowded.  Both VERY good signs for potential deliciousness.  I order the veggie combo (which was a very typical veggie combo: yellow lentils, red lentils, mustard greens, enjera salad, etc) and it was MAGNIFICENT.  One of the best i've had and I've had A LOT.  my dad got the dead lambert and said the flavor was fantastic but there was too much fat and gristle.  now, contrary to popular belief, i haven't always been vegan.  i used to eat meat and let me tell you, i liked the grossest meat.  tendons and gristle and marrow...i mean, i would CLEAN a chicken bone and then use a splinter to pick my teef.  i was a hardcore red neck of an obese 9 year-old until i figured out i was eating bambi.  ANYWAY, if you are currently like i was when i was 9 years-old, then get the lamb and when you're done, have your cholesterol checked because i'm pretty sure you're gonna drop dead at any moment.  So, we finish our fantastic meal about 15 hours after we first walked in (that's how they roll in Ethiopia.  Slowly.  But friendly.  Like this review.) and as he's paying, my dad realizes that instead of the $30 tip he thought he left our lovable cabbie, he gave him $115 tip.  MY DAD'S BAD!  we also realized that we had no way back to the hotel. luckily when i asked our waitress to call us a cab, she was all, "hold on" and disappears.  two minutes later, a guy who was eating a few tables over has us in his cab, headed back to the hotel.  Major bonus.In the end, we're dealing with:Cab rides: $135.  Dinner: $25 (for two HUGE plates plus two beers and tea)Average Cost of Dinner for Two People in Las Vegas in Some Cheesy Rip Off Restaurant On The Strip: $200.  So anyway, I think we still did good.  And there's a cab driver (Yasin!  Holla!) who is high rolling tonight.  Or, you know, sending money back to his family in his war torn country.  As my dad put it, his company is paying and screw those jerkwads, the better man (Yasin! Holla!) wins tonight!  I love my dad.  I am finally done, you can rest your eyes.  Get up, stretch, do some squats, get the blood flowing...you've been here awhile.
5	I decided to visit this restaurant based upon the lone review here on yelp.  Also, my uncle married a lady from Ethiopia, and I was curious about the cuisine.We arrived around 10:00 on a Tuesday night, and the place was pretty much empty.  We were the lone non-Ethiopians in the joint.The surroundings were nice, but relatively spartan.  Our server, who obviously saw that we were clueless, was very nice and offered suggestions on what to order.  We went with lamb tibs and a beef dish of some sort.OK.  Things are going well so far.  I'm drinking my beer, life is good.The beef entree arrives on a big, metal plate.  There's also a basket with five or six napkins in it.  The food is sitting on this big pancake-looking thing.  No silverware to be found.  WTF????  Where's my freaking fork???The server, sensing our confusion, unrolled one of the napkins to reveal not a napkin, but another one of those pancake thingys.  Holy crap!   I get it, you rip off part of the napkin (which has a very strange texture, like a sponge), to scoop up the delicious morsels sitting on the pancake.OK, that's funny.  I'm a fucking yokel from North Dakota.  TEE HEE HEE. You can stop laughing now.  Really.  I'm a rube, we get it.OK...the food was delicious.  A bit spicy, but in a good way.  The lamb tibs were a bit charred and had lots o' gristle, but were very flavorful and had a nice sauce to accompany them.  Very nice.Service was at a leisurely pace, and the server was very nice and attentive.  The tab was about $30, and I had three beers.  CHEAP AS HELL!I asked the server what the bread was made of, she said sunflowers, but I didn't buy it.  I subsequently learned the bread is injera, which is made out of a grain called teff.  Who knew?  I ain't never seen none of them there teff farmers out here in NoDak, no sireee!!!!  Wheat?  Check.  Barley?  Check.  Flax?  Check.  Teff?  Um, Nope.I'm looking forward to hitting an Ethiopian restaurant on my next trip to the big city (Mpls/St.Paul, Denver, etc...) and would return here on my next visit to LV.Closed Circuit to Laura B:  You COULD have explained what the napkins were for.  Just sayin'.
5	Finally made it here just recently!  First experience with Ethiopian food and we are already contemplating going back the next day haha.  We went with an Ethiopian friend of ours which made the experience SO much better because he explained everything in detail, reasons why things are done a certain way and he had a great rapport with the owners and many customers in the place.  We felt like we were on a tour or something..it was great!We all shared the vegetarian dish with the beef tibs.  Oohhh the beef...soooo tasty!  Everything was delicious right down to the Amoeba water which is their version of Pellegrino.  Planning to do the raw beef dish next time.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE this place.  Damn...that chicken with egg thing is amazing...the sauce kind of tasted like Vindaloo which I have have almost weekly.A MUST is the coffee ceremony.  They bring you to the side and have a little stove where they put the coffee bean in a pot and shake it until the beans are nice and toasted (see photos).  The coffee is strong...but I LOVE strong coffee.  They serve the coffee with freshly popped popcorn...not sure if that is an Ethiopian thing but...why not.Our server was great...she was also the one doing the coffee service in the photo.
4	This spot is Eithopi-ILLIN'! I've been here a bunch of times and always come away smiling, belly bursting with spongy Injera that expands in your stomach. LV is a strange place...when I walked in here the first time I expected the usual suspects of mangy trustafarians and tatted hipsters but was surprised to find myself dining amongst Ethiopians munching on piles of raw beef. But aside from scratching that stuffwhitepeoplelike.com itch to eat an ethnic meal without any other whities in site, the food is stand-up: excellent Doro Wat, Tibs, all the usual stuff. Funny though one of the "vegetarian" items has ground beef in it. My only complaint is they don't have Ethiopian beer, or Hej -- Ethiopian honey wine, a sweet alcoholic delight which appeals to the sorority girl in me (Deltas for life!). But they treat ya nice enough to make you forget about any of that. Plus they redid the bar recently so now you have this absurd Saturday-Night-Fever-looking panel mixed in with the dining-hall decor, creating a schizophrenic ambience that somehow makes the food tastier. Maybe I'm too forgiving -- I just feel like I'm eating a REAL meal cooked by REAL people here. And it makes me happy and sated. What else can you ask for?
5	As good as it gets for Ethiopian food!A friend of mine came over and I told him that I got a "something different dinner place".He never tried that kind of food while I had neighbors from Eritrea for about 2 years so I have a pretty good idea about their food. (I even used to chew tchat with them - but tsss! don't tell anyone because it is actually illegal here in US :)We ordered beef tibs and doro wat. Boy... it was plenty of darn good food! I also had that Ethiopian sparkling water (i think it's better than Perrier). Bottom line: If you never had Ethiopian food before - go for it and start here at Merkato. Ask for "not too spicy" because Ethiopians like it "spicy as hell" on a "Caucasian scale" :). Also... just an advice - don't drink much cold beer - it doesn't help digestion in this case - go for hot tea or coffee and it'll make it easier for your full tummy :)I will be back for sure - try more stuff off the menu. The only thing that I would like to have there - some kind of dessert would definitely be great.
4	Thanks to Yelpers I was able to find this place and take my family when we went July 4th.  They are open pretty late so that was good because we had to brave through the LA traffic to get here on a LONG weekend! lol For full pics and reviews go to http://www.kats9lives.com/2008/07/adding-culture-to-trip.htmlMy Dad has never been to Ethiopian food so I thought this would be great because he can get a cultural experience.  He is SO PICKY! He only likes Chinese food and it has to be CHEAP! So I thought, "Hey, why not Ethiopian."  They usually aren't too pricey and the food is good & plentiful.  As usual the service was slow but they were very friendly and nice.  We were the ONLY Asians in there for sure, but hey I like my Ethiopian food! ^_^ It's a nice low key.  You can get a lot of food for a very good price.  There are some stuff that was really good and some were so-so.  I did like the Tibs because it was just fried and flavored.  Yum! The fried beef was the best and the fried lamb was good.  They were my favorites.
4	This place is so good and it's open late night when my craving for injera comes.get their spicy lamb. so freaking good.  their vegeterian sampler is really good.  And they have this bean dish on their breakfast menu that is really good.go there late at nght when all the ethiopians come out and play.  it gets pretty fun.  one of the guys their usually gets up and starts playing music and singing.one platter is more than enough for two but leftovers are good in the morning. the injera soaks and tastes good.  hope you like spicy and use your hands.  don't stick out like a sore thumb and ask for a fork!
5	CHEAP prices, excellent food, what more could you ask for?Service: A bit slow, but the waiter explained someone called in sick that day, which is fine.  I've never had Ethiopian food before and they were very helpful in teaching me how to eat the enjera.Food: I ordered the "Chicken and Egg" dish with enjera, which was AMAZING. The best way i can describe it is that it tastes like curry, but not as spicy.  My friends ordered the Beef and Lamb tibs, which came sizzling on a hot plate.  Everything was delicious and perfectly seasoned. Portions are huge.I wish there was one in Southern California.*My opinion may be a little biased because my mouth (and wallet) were still sour from an incredibly underwhelming and just as incredibly over priced meal at Bouchon at The Venetian the night before.  Apparently, they charge you a RESTAURANT FEE just to eat there!
4	Merkato was my first Ethiopian experience and I was surprised with how much I enjoyed the food!  My friend wanted us to try his ethnic food so he ordered for the whole group.  I wish I remembered everything we ate but the best dishes were the Lamb Tibs and the Chicken and Egg.  The Lamb Tibs were AMAZING!  It came out on a skillet with sauteed onions and some sort of spicy vegetable.  Yum!  The chicken was just as tasty - it literally fell off the bone.  Not to mention, there wasn't any silverware in sight.  All we had were our hands and some sort of spongy-bread-crepe-looking-sourbread-tasting-food to use as a scoop for our food.  It made a great cultural experience, too!
4	My boyfriend and I were looking to have an evening out where we tried something completely new and different.  Neither of us had ever tried Ethiopian food before and in the mood for something exotic, we were up for the challenge.  So off to Merkato we went!  We were the only westerners in the restaurant, which was a great sign that we were about to have an authentic experience (as authentic as you can get for Ethiopian food in Vegas, anyway).  The service was great and helpful as the waitress explained to us what various dishes were like.  We both ordered a dish, very affordable, and quickly the food was brought to our table.  For anyone who has never had it, Ethiopian food is served without utensils and you eat with these giant pancake-like things that the food is poured atop.  Messy but delicious and very meat-heavy, we could have easily gotten by ordering one dish to share.  Excellent food and I will be back again even though my boyfriend and I both had tummyaches after dinner... not sure if it was from so much meat or what, but it's worth it and I will return.
3	3.5 Stars.It was a cool experience trying out some new cuisine and eating with our hands. We ordered the Lamb tibs as per recommendations and some savory beef stew dish. Both were poured on a large metallic platter that was covered with a round piece of brown spongy bread. You tear off a piece of bread, grab some stew or tibs, and then consume. The salad that came with it helped mix up the flavors, but nothing memorable. The waitresses were nice enough, and came to check on us once in a while.A cheap new experience in gastronomy. However, I don't think I'll be back.
3	I have to preface that I don't eat meat at restaurants very often, so I don't think I can give a 100% fair review. Mf and I each had a sambussa, which is like an Indian samosa or puff pastry, filled with seasoned lentils and fried ($1 ea). Those were good. I could've eaten those all day long. I had the vegetarian combo for $8.50 and it was meh. It was six different items (like mustard greens which tasted like spinach straight out of the can, potato, ground lentils, split beans) served on a large circular platter and lined with an injera, a pourous flat bread. The texture of the injera is weird. It looks like a rubber place mat or a thin pancake. It is virtually tasteless, but you use it to pick up the slops of food. They also dropped a basket of more injera. Mf had a seasoned lamb dish. I don't remember the name. He just asked for a suggestion and the waitress pointed at this item on the menu. Maybe the tibbs? He said it was okay. We were both clueless on etiquette, by the way. We were totally spying on the other parties, trying to figure out how to hang. We didn't know if you were supposed to eat with only one hand (since Ethiopia is such a Muslim getback). You eat with your hands, both hands are fine. There aren't any utensils. Its accepted to pick up food off your own plate and feed it to your neighbor. We didn't witness that ... but its good to know. Service was friendly. Restaurant seemed clean. Although I did blow ass the next morning. I'm always wary of eating with my fingers. Read: wary, not afraid.They serve alcohol. Mf ordered a mysterious blue bottle of clear liquid called Ambo. Yeah, its just sparkling water, bottled in Ethiopia. Um ... doesn't Ethiopia have poor potable water? We saw a lot of other customers order it, so we got it. I guess people just get it because the tap water tastes like chlorine. They have this dance floor/ stage with some instruments and I guess they get down three nights a week. We were not there on one such night (we went at around 530p on a Monday). When we got in, there were only two other parties of Ethiopians. When we left, there were like, eight parties of Ethiopians. And there were like, 15 cabs in the parking lot. Awesome. Okay, do I have to spell it out? There are a lot of Ethiopian cabbies in Vegas. * off the strip, non-casino
4	I've been wanting to try Ethiopian for a while, and when the veg place in Vegas that I originally wanted to try had a power outage, plan B was in effect. Across town we went in search of Merkato.So glad we did!We were the only non-Ethiopians in the place, which I took as a good sign. Service was friendly, even if we looked like we had no idea what we were doing!We each got a samusa, which is like an Indian somaosa, for $1! A puff pastry type pocket filled with lentils and spices. Very delicious!My boyfriend and I split the vegetarian platter. It was much bigger than we thought, and it was filling! The meal is served with ingera, a spongy bread, that you use to scoop up the food. What a fun experience. I was so looking forward to a new cuisine and a different way to eat. The bread doesn't have a whole lot of flavor, which is good because the meal is filled with so many different spices and flavors.The food was surprisingly filling, but we managed to put most of it away. I left happy and satisfied!Oh, did I mention how inexpensive this place is?! Even with two beers, our total was about $17! I don't remember the last time my boyfriend and I got out of a restaurant in under twenty bucks!
5	Being a vegetarian convention visitor to Vegas is tough, so I give Merkato Ethiopian Cafe five stars for being tasty, cheap, and friendly to both vegetarians and carnivores.  I've eaten Ethiopian food many a time in Berkeley, and this Vegas version held up pretty well in comparison.  My colleagues had never tried Ethiopian food, but were teff enough for a new adventure.  I ordered the Vegie combo and they ordered the Chicken Wot (a stew with a hard boiled egg that C said was fantastic) and a lamb stew.  While the food was great, the highlight of the experience was the special coffee ceremony.  Our server explained that in Ethiopia guests are traditionally welcomed with such a ceremony - which starts with flame-roasting the beans; no decaf here!  The aroma of coffee still lingered on my jacket the next morning; I was sad to have the delicious scent countered by the noxious odors (tobacco and artificial floral deodorizer) of the casino.  (Grumble - most convention goers don't appreciate having to traverse the casino floor to get from the hotel rooms to the conference rooms.)As a bonus Merkato was only 1.6 miles from the back door of the Venetian, so we were able to work up an appetite by walking to dinner.  (Note that the neighborhoods traversed are not the greatest, so I suggest eschewing the walk if you're going solo.)  Getting a taxi back was easy: we simply asked the driver who had just finished his dinner if he was available.The vegie leftovers made a great lunch the next day - I consumed most of it while waiting in line at the Southwest ticket counter.Parking is easy: the restaurant is in a strip mall.
4	this place has the best vegetarian combo, but beware... there is an item listed under "vegetarian" that blatantly lists beef as an ingredient.i'm sure it was an error in translation.. just make sure to read what your ordering. the service is average to excellent depending on who's working but it is ethiopian just be happy its the best spot in vegas.
4	It's not everyday you get the chance to take a step into different parts of Africa and try this vast continent's food.  However, this past Saturday, we headed to Merkato for some eastern African fare - specifically, Ethiopian.Located in the corner of a quiet strip mall, the dark windows can be deceiving.  Walking in, you'll notice a bar to the left and tables in the middle with a stage area in the back.  Guests of all ethnic backgrounds are dining (some Ethiopians, and by the end of the night, more non-Ethiopians).  We chose a table right in the middle.Our waitress brought our menus over and took our beverage orders.  (Unfortunately, no special Ethiopian drinks were available.)  Not realizing this was the Husband's first time, I immediately took ranks on what to order.* Yemisir Sambusa "Flakey vegetarian pastries stuffed with spiced lentils" ($1.50) - We ordered one of these, but I guess they forgot to put the order in for it.  It was just as well because we were so full with our main course that we were glad they forgot.  The waitress did apologize when I brought it to her attention.* Vegetarian Combo "Great variety of vegetarian dishes." ($8.50) - This dish arrived laid out on a piece of injera, which is a large sourdough flatbread and has a bit of a spongy in texture.  It included Injera Salad, side salad, ground bean powder, yellow beans, green lentils, spinach, red lentils, and steamed cabbage and carrots.  Our favorites were the two variations of lentils, the spinach, and the yellow beans.  The bean powder one had a weird texture, similar to baby food.  Overall, everything was really good from the Vegetarian Combo and perfect enough for two to share.* Kitfo "Ethiopian version of steak tartar, lean red chopped beef minced, blended and delicately seasoned in hot spice 'mitmita'." ($8) - After seeing Andrew Zimmerman's Bizarre Foods, we recalled him eating this raw beef and was definitely game to try.  We were so glad we did.  The waitress brought it to the table and placed it in the middle of the injera that was already laid out with veggies.  It had delicate hints of spice from the chili powder, and had a nice taste and texture.  It didn't seem overly meaty despite it being rare beef.  It had quite simple flavors actually.  It was a nice addition to our Vegetarian Combo and perfect enough to share.A basket of injera bread also comes along to help you eat since there are no utensils for this part of the dining.  (You just use the bread to pick up whatever you want and pop it into your mouth.)The waitresses were really friendly, although it does seem like they have sections. (Our waitress stepped out for a bit and I think we were forgotten.)  But it also seems like people really take their time here, so there's no rush for you to eat and leave. The Husband felt he had a really good first experience with Ethiopian food, which is definitely a plus.  I personally felt the aftermath of the hot chili powder in the next day, if you know what I mean.  We'd definitely go back again for more kitfo and to check out their other dishes too.  And it's a bargain to eat here!We were interested in the Special Ethiopian Coffee Ceremony, but it cost $15.  So we figure we'd save it for another day.No AMEX accepted.
4	Ok. I don't know squat about Ethiopian food but being the gallant food adventurer that I am I soldiered into this place twice to place an order. I think I need to try this place a few more times and further educate myself before I can write an accurate review but it is so unique others should know about this restaurant. Both times I ordered had no idea what was going to come out but when it did I was blown away by flavor.  It was unlike anything I have eaten before. Very unique & defiantly good for a food adventure.
5	COMPETITIONThis is the best of a trio of Ethiopian restaurants within about 1000 yards of each other. The other two are (1) Lali-Bela is one street north and (2) Axum (across the street). A fourth restaurant named Meskerem is in front of the convention center.MANNERSEat with only your right hand. Very important! BEST ENTREEI had the Kitfo "Ethiopian version of steak tartar, raw red chopped beef" ($8)  and an Ethiopian beer for $3.50 and sat at the bar. For $8 you couldn't finish the food and it is very tasty. Take a chance on the raw meat! If you are scared stick with lamb tibs.SERVICEVery friendly people, nice service, excellent cuisine and rock bottom prices. Waitresses are very attractive.  They speak in a very quiet vernacular of British-African English which can be difficult to hear.DIRECTIONSThe strip mall is pretty seedy , and half the stores are empty. BUS: route #203 you catch on the Palazzo side under the overpass to the Wynn. Your 24 hour Deuce pass is also good for 24 hours on local buses. Try to be there on the half hour interval 15 minutes before or 15 minutes past the hour.DRIVE: Less than 2 miles from this intersection, plenty of parkingWALK: Questionable at night, OK in the day. It is a half mile from the southern back entrance to the convention center. Head south on Swensen and make a left at the 7-11.   If you walk between the Venetian and the Wynn you will follow the monorail route until you get to Paradise Ave. After you cross Paradise, Sands Avenue turns into Twain avenue and you begin passing McDonald's, gas stations and Latino themed strip malls, and apartments. The restaurant is about 1000 yards past Paradise Ave after you cross Swenson . There is a 7-11 on the end of the strip mall. The windows of Merkato are very dark, but it's near the corner of the L shaped building.
4	I absolutely loved the food! This was the second time I had Ethiopian food. Not only did the food taste great, but smelled yumm too!! Their portions are super large.  The ambience is very lunch-room types but the food more than makes up for it!! We ordered veggie combo & chicken yer bto (not sure if I remember the name right).
5	Cheap as hell and delicious!  Atmo isn't bad... linoleum floor and cheap furniture, but with interesting ethnic touches... and besides, who cares when the food is so delicious and so cheap?!?  I had the vegetarian sampler for 2 with a side of beef tibs.... totally awesome and fantastic!  They have a full bar and it's so cute to see the girls make drinks, since they probably don't drink themselves and have no idea what's in anything.  I had to tell the chick how to make a margarita (I was with my mom, cut me some slack) and she did a great job!  Anyhoo, this place is kinda in the ghetto, but don't be a puss.  Live a little!!  Check it out!
5	Wicked, wicked good! I'll be honest - this was my first experience with Ethiopian food, but was brought here by a friend that lived in Ethiopia for a while and is from a Eritrea. It truly was great food by any standard. The meats were fantastic and the spices were done nicely enough to not overshadow the flavors of the food. If you go try the kitfo (well done if you're not a fan of raw/rare beef), the lamb tebisi, and the final dish we had was kitfo done a bit differently being served in a ceramic dish with coals under - AMAZINGLY GOOD. The service is a bit slow, but meh, it's all good. The prices were stellar especially considering that you're in Vegas. When in Vegas I'll most certainly be back here.
5	If you enjoy having Ethiopian food, you'll really enjoy visiting Merkato. (This means you already know you won't get any utensils, and you'll be eating by tearing pieces of injera off and wrapping your food in it.) If you're into fancy places with three sets of forks, spoons, and knives, you should move along: there's nothing to see here.Jon A. and I took the 203 bus from the Strip to visit Merkato for dinner on a Saturday night. Our waitress was happy to answer our questions (e.g., "We want a lamb entree, but which one would you recommend?"). We went all out and ordered three drinks: mango juice ($2) and two helpings of spiced tea ($1 each). The mango juice isn't fresh-squeezed; it's in a glass bottle and imported from somewhere. But it was delicious. And the spiced tea really hit the spot on this cold evening. It was regular ol' Lipton tea, but they'd added warm spices to the hot water used to steep the teabag in.We ended up with the house kitfo ($10) and awaze lamb tibs ($8.50) based on our waitress's recommendations. Our entrees came on the same big plate with three sides in total: a salad, goat feta cheese, and stewed spinach. Even though we tried our best to stuff ourselves silly, we still couldn't finish everything, which was saddening to me because we had no fridge back at the hotel to preserve the leftovers in.If I had to order all over again, I would have voted to order one meat entree and one vegetarian one: two meat entrees felt like a ton of meat for the two of us. (But it was very tasty.)During the meal, a guy at another table showed off his ability to balance a chair on his chin at two different times. There's also a dance floor and stage off to the side: they probably have special events and musicians visit once in a while. The atmosphere was laid back and friendly, which I really appreciated.When we were getting ready to go, we asked our waitress if she knew where the return bus stop was. Not only did she tell us where to go, but she also dug through her bag to look up the bus schedule for us. How sweet is that?The verdict: Huge and delicious portions, sincerely friendly service, and very reasonable prices. I'm a fan of Merkato!Extra hint: They have a coupon for buy one entree, get one 1/2 off until February 28 this year. (Maybe they'll have another offer on their website after that.) I did have to remind the waitress to apply it after she handed us the first draft of our bill, but she was apologetic and promptly fixed the mistake.
3	This was my first go at eating Ethiopian food and I really enjoyed it. The food did not look very appetizing but it was quite tasty, and fun...see, you eat with your hands. We were with another friend who had been here quite a few times before and she knew her way around the menu, so she ordered for us with a little help from our waitress. I honestly have no idea what we ate, but it was all good. It wasn't spicy but from what I understand we could have ordered our main dishes a tad bit more on the spicy side, had we not been novices. The service was a little lacking considering we were the only people in the place but the wait staff was nice enough.It seems like this place is mostly a place for Ethiopians now living in Vegas to come hang out, listen to music, smoke, drink and just visit. There is a little stage with a microphone in the cafe that I suppose is utilized on the weekends with live music. By the time we left, the place was full and we were the only non Ethiopians in the whole place.I will go back the next time I'm in Vegas. It was super cheap. ..$30 for three of us and we ordered WAY too much food. We could have ordered about 1/3 less and still walked away fat and happy.
5	This was my first experience with Ethiopian food.  I went with my boyfriend, who had tried the cuisine once before in a different city, and my roommate, who was another first timer.  The restaurant itself is unassuming, but beautiful inside, with a colorful lit bar and tangerine colored walls.  The atmosphere was relaxed and friendly.  Like quite a few other reviewers, we were the only non-Ethiopians there.  From the moment we walked through the front door, the aroma of meat and spices tantalized our noses.We started our meal with a round of yemisir sambusa - flaky fried pastries stuffed with spiced lentils.  One is enough per person.  They're quite large.  The combination of delicate, crispy pastry and toothsome lentils was delightful.  They came with small cups of spicy sauce for dipping, as well.The three of us each ordered an entree, with the intention of sharing, so we could try as many new things as possible.  I ordered the Yedoro Wot, which is a chicken drumstick and a whole hard-boiled egg stewed in a rich, spicy sauce.  The chicken was incredibly tender.  The egg really soaked up the flavor of the sauce, and was a surprisingly good compliment to the chicken.  My boyfriend ordered the Awaze lamb tibs.  They were so flavorful and juicy, stewed with onions and hot pepper paste; they may have been everyone's favorite dish.  My roommate got the Special Kitfo:  seasoned raw beef mixed with cheese and spinach.  It was FANTASTIC.  I'm a fan of tartare to begin with, and this has to be one of the best presentations I've ever had.  If you have any courage in you at all to try raw meat, this would be your best chance.  Go for it.  You won't be sorry.When the waitress brought the dishes to our table, she set down a giant platter in the center, covered with several pieces of fresh spongy flatbread.  She poured all the dishes directly onto the flatbread, as a communal serving dish.  There are, of course, no utensils.  Instead, the diner tears off pieces of bread, uses the bread to pick up the meat, and eats it together.  It's a wonderful, sensual way to dine.  I would recommend it to anyone who enjoys ethnic food.Also worth noting:  the food is rather spicy, but you can order it mild if you prefer.The service was also pretty good, if laid back.  Our waitress was happy to answer our questions about the cuisine and the menu.We all left stuffed.  You can't find a more satisfying meal in this city for under ten bucks a person.  Amazing.  This place is a gem.
4	This was my first Ethiopian meal but will definitely not be my last.  I really appreciated the reviews on this restaurant as it helped us to decided which one to chose.  This place was comfortable and we were able to grab a spot against the wall by the 'dance floor' secluded enough for good conversations.  We got there at 5pm on a Friday night and stayed for a little over two hours.  We never once felt rushed or abandoned.We got an appetizer of puffed pastry with lentils and ordered one for each of us but could have easily shared a single one and saved the room for the main meal.  For the meal, we ordered the veggie combo and went with the server's recommendation of a lamb dish and decided to go spicy.  I found the food delivery to be very fun and even though we were served forks, chose to use the bread for sopping up the food.  The lamb was excellent and we were fighting over the juice-soaked bread after it was all gone.  If you're into Indian food then you'll be happy with cuisine too.The service was friendly and efficient and the price was unbeatable.  We got a few beers, two appetizers and two main courses for just over $30.  The one downer was the bathrooms, which to me say a lot about a place.  It was good enough, there was paper and soap and they appeared to be clean...but the doors and walls were filthy.  This bugged me but, not enough to keep me away.
4	My first time at Ethiopian cuisine after numerous failed attempts at getting someone to go with...I've been working on this for years but timing never worked out. Or maybe I just wasn't dating the right people or something ;)So! after an attempt at a Chinese place that we found out was closed Sunday, here we were. The service was very relaxed so be ready for some people watching and good conversation.We ordered the sambusa-puff pastry filled with lentils and vegetables-for an appetizer. One per person is more than enough they are very filling.We also ordered the fish goulash and a deep fried beef dish with onions. I was nervous about the fish goulash for some reason, and of course as soon as I tried it I wondered why. It's a white fish chopped with vegetables in a delicious red sauce. The bread underneath soaked it all up!The beef was good and something to order if you don't want any sort of sauce, but to be honest I will not order it again, just because I really enjoyed the sauce from the other dish together with the bread.There was so much food for the two of us, we did take some home and eat it the next day. Everything was just as delicious. And so cheap! With a couple sodas, our appetizers, and all that glorious food coming out to about 25 bucks, I will be back for more! And often!
5	No joke, this is my most visited restaurant in Vegas right now. Some plates to try: probably every single one, except I haven't made it through the menu yet because I keep ordering the same delicious dishes.The Gored Gored is my favorite! Beef cubes that are served raw (you can ask them to cook it a little for you, I switch between this and raw, I love both ways so much). They are seasoned with berbere, peppers, onions, and a red wine sauce. There is a pleasant amount of heat-just the type where you have to keep eating! I can't taste the red wine much because the sauce is more complex than the English description on the menu, as a matter of fact I have a tough time wrapping my head around what is really going on. Is there an Anthony Bourdain goes to Ethiopia or something? What you really should do is ask the servers. They are all pleasant ladies who love making recommendations, and always smiling. There are some ribs on the menu that we have ordered over and over again. They are deep fried in butter, nice and salty, and served with sauteed onions on a sizzling plate to your table. They are so addicting!For a chicken dish go for the yedoro wot, or the leg and egg as we call it jokingly. A drumstick and hard boiled egg stew, also spicy. They have a fish goulash which is made with small cubes of firm white fish, with spice, peppers and onions. There are also a few veggie platters full of lentils, etc so everyone can eat happily together from the same platter of injera bread.Another good one is the lamb wot which was some of the freshest, tastiest lamb I have had at a restaurant. There were all types of nice bones and joints to pull apart and suck on, or you can eat around the bones and enjoy the melting, tender lamb. Thank me later, seriously. I don't think I will ever be able to frequent another Ethiopian place after Merkato. Most orders are under $10, a few are more. Ordering 2 plates for 2 people is even too much sometimes and if we can't take things home we will order one and split it and still leave happy and full. We go at least twice a month or more, I really can't get enough. GO! NOW!
3	Nice restaurant.  The service was a little slow, but friendly and nice.  The food was well seasoned and spicy!  I wasn't sure if I liked the bread served with the food or not.  It's spongy and a little gummy.  I was craving a contrast of some texture!  All in all, I definitely recommend the experience!
4	Haven't tried any other African food, so I don't have anything to compare my experience to.  So I roll up to a hidden corner in the shopping center to find Merkato, and it doesn't have too much going on outside.  I walk in and a faint smell of incense hits me, awesome.  So I'm looking through the menu, and of course I zero in on kitfo. The server urged me not to order it because it's raw meat. I try asking for it again, and she urges me to go with beef tibs.  Finally, I relent and go with the tibs. The food comes out and I am thrown off by the injera bread.  I inferred what the concept is immediately, but didn't expect the spongy texture.  Not that the bread wasn't good, the distinct sourdough taste overwhelmed the flavor of the meat for me, so I go with picking up the meat and salad directly. I just figured it's really just the same as picking it up with the bread except more saucy.  I suppose I must have sounded crazy when I asked if any of their dishes comes without the bread, but the server did note that some come with rice. The tibs tasted very similar to meat prepared Indian style and wasn't very foreign to me. The meat itself was very tasty and seasoned perfectly.  I insisted to the server that I try the raw meat with rice next time.
5	I love ethiopian food and this place was great.  I so wish someone would open a place like this in Santa Fe or Albuquerque.  Only here for 3 days and we're definitely going back.
3	I went here with a big group and the staff was very accomodating, even to how loud our group was...we never got a dirty look or was asked to keep it down. Our waitress was very friendly and she took the liberty of picking out our order for the basic fact that none of us had ate ethopian food before and she didn't want us to have a bad experience. I couldn't tell you what we were served, but it was all delicious!! While I thought the food was good, its probably not a cuisine I would try again...to me its one of those, you have got to try everything once things and Merkato was a great choice for my first ethiopian food experience. The food is good, service is great, and its very reasonably priced...for 11 people, our bill came out to only about $96.00!
4	This restaurant gave me my first taste of Ethiopian food and I have been back several times since.The waitress (and I want to officially dub her "THE" waitress because she is always the one I see there) is very kind and extremely helpful in helping first-timers pick something tasty from the menu. I always really enjoy their traditional chicken dish, but I think my favorite is the lamb. The vegetable assortment also adds a different texture and dimension to the food. It helps to add variety to the bites of sponge bread and meat.I like variety, so I love family-style meals. And sharing is caring. This is the perfect place to go with a group, pick out a few entrees (or let the waitress decide), and just dig in.
4	I get the veggie platter to go several times a month. I love it! The service is good and it is ready and waiting for me when I arrive!I love the sambusas also!My fave Ethiopian is at Rahels on Fairfax in LA, but this is a close 2nd!!
4	Went here with a bunch of friends for a b-day party, and everyone was happy!  It was most people's first Ethiopian food experience, and all bellies left satisfied.  The kitfo (finely chopped raw beef with spices and clarified butter), yedoro wot (simmered chicken dish), yemisir wot (spicy simmered lentils), and sambusa (pastries filled with lentils) were all delish, although the gored gored (beef cubes cooked in a rosemary wine sauce) was the best!  The atmosphere here is better than Meskerem, but the food is pretty comparable.  They have a stage for live music, but the night we went they just had Ethiopian music videos playing (you can learn awesome dance moves to impress on the Strip after dinner). ;)
4	I live so close by and I'm so happy I do! Great food. Favorite is Lamb Awaze Tibs and for some reason, I really love their salad. $ price for ***** rating. I've also taken out from here plenty of times.EDIT: I had to knock em down a star because the service is terrible. I think my favorite server that always helped us before is gone. She was literally there every time we ate or took food to go, but I haven't seen her the past 5+ times and everyone else SUCKS.
5	I almost always get the vegetarian platter because it's delicious, cheap, has a ton of variety, and is composed of different dishes every time I go.  One veggie platter serves two (leaving you either stuffed or with lefotvers), and coupled with two sodas puts you out under $12 (just add in tip).  Just a tip, either accept eating with your hands, or remember that silverware is BYO.The veggie platters come with about six dishes, always one or two lentils, a split pea (yellow), some kind of green, often either cabbage or beets, a salad (seasoned with a vinagrette, sometimes spicy, sometimes not), sometimes green beans, and one or two other legume based things that are usually unidentifiable and delicious.  I love Ethiopian dishes, they are so warm, savory, and spicy - with complex flavors (I wouldn't even know where to start to imitate it at home), and the tangy, yeasty injera (spongy crepe-like bread) rocks my world.  My favorites on the veggie platter are always lentils, split peas, anything involving the cooked cabbage (often coupled with potatoes and carrots), greens (sometimes collards, sometimes others, generally finely chopped and stewed until delicious), and anything involving beets (also generally coupled with potatoes).  You don't get a choice for what comes on the veggie platter, just whatever they happen to be cooking up in the kitchen that day.  I don't think I've ever eaten the same meal twice.Expect the food to be plentiful and diverse, and the service to be friendly and slow (don't expect to be in and out of there in under an hour, and expect to have to ask for your check, and then maybe take it to the front to pay).  If you're even a slightly adventurous eater, like a lot of flavor to your meal and bang for your buck, Merkato should be on your "to do" list.
3	Solid food. Portions were great.  Sambusa was not cooked well hence the 3 stars.  The ingera vat was good and so were the curries.
4	I love this place. Everyone I tell that I eat the raw beef dish Kitfo thinks it is the weirdest thing ever, but when they try it they are converted. The one thing that bugs me is that despite coming here several times, everytime we order the kitfo they ask if we would like it cooked a little? No! we want the authentic deal. Also the injera bread is great; slightly sour, spongy and addictive. Really like the Tibbs dish. It is a funny contrast from raw (Kitfo) to well done, but both are great. Lastly I liked the dark Ethiopian beer. Cannot remember the name, but I liked it better than the St. George. All in all very good food.
4	This was the first time I tried ethopian food. I forgot the name of the dish I ordered but it tasted like chili with chicken. The portions are big. I think 3 people could get full off one dish. The staff was friendly and patient with all our questions.
4	As a former vegatarian (and now a dirty, dirty carnivore), I can say I've eaten a lot of Ethiopian food during my life.  And, this place ranks high.It's located in an unglamorous, partially deserted stripmall (like most delicious LV restaurants).  And then you walk in....and...okay, not glamorous inside either.  Don't even go into the bathroom, trust me, you will be frightened.But the food, the food.  I always order the vegetarian combo (some habits die hard) and at least one meat option.  The vegetarian combo has a great selection of dishes that includes cabbage, pureed vegetables, lentils and a salad.My favorite meat dishes are the lamb tibs, gored gored,  and Kitfo. The lamb tibs and gored gored (cubed, cooked beef) are all marinated and served in delicious sauces. Do try the house Kitfo, the raw ground beef.  It may sound scary but it's really just ethiopian steak tartare (I told you i'm a really dirty carnivore now). Between two people, two entrees is wayyy more than enough to order.  All the entrees average from $8-$10 and everything is served on injera(the big, bread pancake).  Also, if you don't know, eat with your right hand and use the extra injera bread as your utensils.Please note that service here is at a "leisurely pace."  Be prepared for an extended dinner as the waitresses, while super nice and pseudo attentive, are generally very busy and take a while to bring you the check.
4	It's different.  Maybe not my cup of tea, but you have to try this place once.Prices are great.  Neighborhood shaky but my Ethiopian friend is a regular here and says it's fairly close to homemade!The after dinner coffee is authentically prepared and I can only say WOW!
3	I was pretty excited about eating here as I've only been to one other Ethiopian restaurant in my life.  It was in NYC and terrible.So after seeing all the reviews here, I definitely wanted to try this out.I ordered the awaze lamb tips, which the waitress tells me is the spicy version of the lamb tip dish.  And I order the dark version of their Ethiopian beer.  The beer isn't bad.  I decide to try the light version and did not like it.  And honestly, the dark beer really isn't true dark beer.  Give it a try.My plate comes out on a plate but on top of bread plate.  I was really excited after seeing the waitress bring out this enormous plate for another table with tons of food on the same bread.  The bread is spongy and cold!  I was a little shocked at the bread being cold.  I've eaten at a lot ethnic places that uses bread plate and it's typically served warm to hot.  This was the 1st time I've had it cold.  So obviously, you don't get any utensils to eat with your meal.  My lamb was really tough which definitely took away from my experience.  And I kept on thinking that the meal would have tasted better if the bread had been warm instead of cold-but what do I know?  I guess this is the culture.  Here's the thing that made me not give this place a 2 star rating.  It's really, really fun to eat with your hands.  It really made me want to go back and try the other foods.  So hopefully I'll have an update in the future for this place and raise my rating.
5	Very tasty food and friendly staff...must go...
5	Phenomenal! Excellent service, delicious food, and a fantastic coffee service, all at reasonable prices. What more could you ask for?
4	I've never had Ethiopian food, but this was a good experience. The restaurant doesn't look like much on the outside, but that definitely changes once you see the indoor decor. I enjoyed the authentic food that was provided here, my order was the whole fish with rice and salad. I don't know what that sauce is called but it had a nice spicy kick to it. All of the food was delicious and I'm glad I stopped by.
4	Bored from the same old Asian cuisine me and my friends chow down on a daily basis, we wanted to try something different.  Hell, why not Ethiopian food??  So I did some research and found this jewel of a restaurant in a run-down mall on Twain and Swenson.The restaurant is modestly decorated with some traditional Ethiopian art, and they even have a legit Ethiopian coffee experience you can purchase for about $15 I think?  They also had a stage in the restaurant so I'm assuming they have live music at specific times as well.The food was good, but it's an acquired taste.  The bread was a bit sour for my taste buds, but the chicken was good and deliciously marinated.  Although it wasn't fitted for my taste, I respect the fact that the food was not standardized to appeal to average consumers; It's as real of an Ethiopian dish you can get.  I can see that it may be highly enjoyable after I build an acquired taste for it.I gotta say the service was wonderful, and that's what earned the fourth star for me.  The server greeted us and constantly filled our waters, helped us with whatever we needed, and even other people eating engaged in conversations with us.  It may be in a run-down mall and whatever, but the people are very friendly.  All in all, it's definitely somewhere I would go with friends or families in town looking for an experience.PROS: Original Ethiopian food, service is greatCONS: Location is a bit meh, it's an acquired taste
2	I wanted to like it. I really did.A friend and I went in here based on the Yelp reviews she read and, never having ethiopian cuisine before, we were excited for the experience. The flavors could have been good, but the food was gritty, hot food was cool, cool food was warm. We're not texture freaks usually, and we knew that it was a new cuisine for both of us... but this couldn't be right. The bread didn't scare us, the idea of no silverware was fine, and the various textures/preparations on the meat dishes were a welcome change (and, we hoped, an exciting new experience). We talked to the waitress who explained some of the preparation process. The idea of the mortar and pestle are cool - I love people who still use those - but grit in the food? Not so much.We tried a combination platter and a few other things to make sure we were getting a broad spectrum of flavors and techniques. Overall, we liked the idea behind it and found some stuff we liked (the spice and flavor profiles were new to us and we enjoyed them!), but the grit really overshadowed what could have been a decent meal.Adding to the "meh" is that the place just seemed dirty. Not old and well used, but dingy and in need of a good wipe down. Two pluses, which helped push this to a 2 star review... (A) Coffee and teas. I don't know what it was or how it was done, but it was all strong, flavorful, and hit the spot. (B) Price. We ordered enough food to feed two tables and the tab was barely $20.Going back is on the table, so to speak; we have considered another go to see if it will be different/improved. After finding Blue Nile, however, I would be hard pressed to go back to Merkato if I didn't have to.
4	Any excuse to forgo utensils, eat with my hands, and not be frowned upon is alright in my book. Ethiopian food is one of those cuisines that I am not familiar with and it might take some time to get used to. I knew going in that this cuisine was friendly towards those who have dietary restrictions or are vegetarians. Merkato offers a vegetarian plate that can easily serve two people. The meal comes out on a large platter lined with the traditional bread and eight generous samples of different items. There were two styles of lentils, sauteed cabbage and carrots, spinach, a lettuce and tomato salad, a chilled salad using the injera bread, and two types of paste. It is enough food for two grown men to leave satisfied. At first we were surprised by the injera because it was cold to the touch, spongy, and then when eaten had a strong sour taste. After the initial shock, it did not hinder us from ripping at the three large rolls that came with the meal. The fun in eating is finding the best combinations of flavor. The two curry-esque powder items were good on their own, but when mixed with the spinach or the cabbage they were even better. The lentils had an al dente texture and were my favorite. When we were finished, we left feeling satisfied for only $10.81 before tip.This experience has left me excited to come back and try more.
5	A hidden gem in the desert!  Being a foodie, I enjoy exploring the city in search of little hole in the wall restaurants and ethnic fare.  This place is no exception.  Located in a non-nondescript shopping center in a rougher part of town, Merkato Cafe serves some of the best Ethiopian food in Las Vegas.  Upon entering, don't let the drab interior deter you: the food speaks for itself.  Whenever the mood strikes, my girlfriend and I order our usual: veggie combo with Kitfo (raw steak tartare) to the amusement of our servers.  The meal is traditionally eaten by hand and no utensils but can be provided upon request.  The portions are huge, healthy and best of all, delicious!  We can never finish off the meal and get it packed up.  For the veggie combo, meat entree and a drink, all can be had for a mere $20!  great deal for a great meal!  Highly recommended!
1	People think i love giving bad reviews when in all actuality I root to give good reviews because when in an establishment I look forward to having a good time. I just I gave this establishment a 1* for the following reason.  Lets make this in bullet point form.1.)  After we sat down, we got our menus 10 mins after and it wasn't busy.2.)  Food takes a while to prepare.  Maybe my hunger just made my impatience stronger because it seemed like forever before we received our orders.  But that's probably normal.3.)  Decoration was minimal. There wasn't much thought into making the restaurant look appealing and welcoming.4.)  Lastly, the owner doesn't seem to care about customer service or whether people will want to come back or be given a bad verbal review because when we presented our coupon for the meal,(a) the server didn't know how to use it or what it was which only means the owner doesn't communicate things like that to his employees.(b) when she called the owner to find out how to use it, he wouldn't pick up the phone.  She dialed almost 7 times. It took my cousin to use his phone, a different number, for the owner to pick up.  Obviously, employees calls aren't important but unknown numbers are.(c) he subscribed to the coupon, my cousin paid for the coupon, and the owner wouldn't accept it.  The coupon was purchased for $15 and worth $30.  Our bill came to $31 and some change.  We ended up having to pay because the owner wouldn't accept the coupon he obviously agreed to. The only reason why I'm even bothering to give a star is because the food was really good.  The cook was great in preparing our dishes and for the server who was helpful and sweet and patient with us. Moral of the story, as great little businesses are, one of so many sometimes forget that customers will talk to other people or blast a review in yelp about the awesome or awful experiences we have in establishments.
1	I do not enjoy giving bad reviews, but based on principle, I have to give Merkato one star.First, I should state that the dining experience itself was good. We enjoyed the food. Being Filipino, we grew up eating with our hands. The prices are cheap. We went with a combination sampler plate for $15, which gave us a great introduction to their cuisine. We also ordered their whole fish dish for $10. It actually came with two nice sized fish and a large plate of rice with tasty sauce.If you want, you can stop reading here and head on over to try their food. You'll probably enjoy it.Everything was going well until it came time to settle the bill. I had a TownHog certificate for $30. I had mentioned it before we ordered, but suddenly the server said she didn't know what to do with it. She tried calling the owners but was unable to reach them after several attempts. Strangely enough, when she had me call using my phone, they picked up right away.To cut to the chase, the owner said he would not honor the coupon. He said he had called the company back in June and told them he no longer wanted to participate. So after sitting there for a long time, we ended up paying and leaving with a very bitter taste in our mouths.I just got off the phone with TownHog. The representative said that because Merkato has already been paid, she would have to call them to confirm that they refused the coupon before I can get a refund. They've already been paid? That just makes the situation worse. It's just not right. You agreed to sell these coupons in order to get people into your restaurant. That's exactly the reason I was even there in the first place. It's essentially marketing and it worked. It got me into your shop.It's really a shame because we did enjoy the food. But there's no way I can return based on that ordeal. Luckily, there are other Ethiopian joints around town with similarly good reviews.
5	The food here is delicious! The staff was very helpful and patient as we tried to figure out what to order. We ordered the daily special (I haven't a clue what it was called) and had plenty to share between 3 of us and still had a jam packed doggie bag! We also had the lentil appetizer which was divine. I tried the Ethiopian beer and found it be light, refreshing, and delightful. A wonderful meal and it only cost $20 to feed 3 of us!
5	Awesome food!  I don't have anything other Ethiopian spots to reference this place against but I'm surely convinced that this spot is the jams!  We opted for the Vegetarian platter.  A whole plate of Ethiopian dishes (none of which I remember, but the orange one is awesome!) smattered on Ethiopian bread and super tasty.  The fun part about it is that I used my hands and the bread to eat the whole time; no utensils required.  Also, the same night we went, they decided to have a coffee ceremony and asked us if we would like to have a complimentary cup.  After little debate, we agreed to try some coffee.  It did take a while (like 30 minutes) but the coffee was awesome!  Light and tasty is how I remembered it.  Definitely something to try if you ever get a chance to stop in.  It is in a crappy neighborhood but don't let that scare you off.  Good food and good coffee and definitely a good time.
4	If you've never eaten at an Ethipian/Eritrean establishment there are a few things you might want to know. First, the food is eaten with your hands using delicious, sourdough-like, mildly elastic njera bread to pick it up. Wait staff, while usually nice, will not be as attentive as other restaurants as a general rule. Be prepared to flag down your waitress if you need something. Know that there will almost always be a strong smell of incense. If you can deal with that you can have a great meal at Merkato.I like to ask cab drivers who are not native to America where their country's best food is served in town. Not only does it help pass the time, but they will almost invariably steer me in the right direction (pun intended). Almost all of the Ethiopian cabbies say Merkato is the best and you can tell by the number of cabs parked in the Merkato parking lot.  I've been to Merkato three times now; twice taking Ethiopian virgins (to the food, not the other kind). It is in the corner of a struggling strip mall without much indication that there is a restaurant inside. Upon entering there is a nice little retro bar with a small assortment of liquor.  The rest of the place is made up of dated peach-pink-ish Formica tables.On all three visits I have ordered the doro wat which is a chicken leg and a boiled egg in unexplainably delicious sauce and the vegetarian combo. I'm an unapologetic carnivore, but I could be a satisfied vegetarian if all I could eat was that veg combo. the things they do with lentils are fantastic. Doro wat is the ubiquitous Ethiopian dish and is done to perfection here. On two occasions we ordered gored gored. Basically, raw beef cubes in a spicy herbed marinade. If you can get past the raw part (I've NO problem with it) then you're in for a real treat. On the last visit we ordered the short ribs which were ok, but nothing special.Bring your appetite and be prepared for leftovers. I didn't think it possible, but doro wat is even better the next day.
3	We went there a few weeks ago and i forgot to write a review. I went with my foodie buddies, DJ and Jennilee, and my kids. My son is allergic to nuts and seafood and when i asked if they have that in their dishes, they couldn't understand so we had to buy food at 7-11 next door for him (which is fine for me because i'm used to that... but it may be inconvenient for others).  I forgot the names of the things we tried but i remember what they were. the first dish was an appetizer described as a spicy lentils in a puff pastry. it was delicious! But fair warning, the red sauce that comes with it has kick. Next we had the veggie platter, it is HUGE the size of a large pizza with the sour tasting, foam looking "pita bread" that is used as your utensils. It had some hummus-looking portions around the platter and as well as salad, lentils, and other Indian-like dishes that you scoop up with your sponge bread. All of them were tasty but i got sick of the sponge bread because of the sourness. We also ordered a dish with spicy red sauce and 1 chicken leg and 1 egg. it was pretty good. Then we ordered a beef cube dish and it was super good--no sauce, just seasoned meat. it was a good experience but i don't think i would go back again. except maybe for that puff pastry :)
4	The BF and I have been wanting to try this veggie friendly place for a bit. We got the veggie sampler, side salad,  yemisir sambusa ( lentil puff pastry). Side salad came first and out came a huge family style platter. We barely even touched this as it wasn't needed. It was just simple salad of greens and tomatoes oddly with Italian dressing. There was a mixup though and while we wanted a side salad the lady gave us a full size. The veggie platter comes with a little salad so I don't think its needed. Then the yemisir sambusa came and for $1.50 is a large pastry filled with lentils. I was expecting a small samosa sized thing. It was pretty good and filling with all the lentils. There was a side of a horseradish-y paste to accompany it.Vegetarian platter- came with lots of goodies and it was all delicious. It doesnt seem like a lot of food at first, but when you eat it with injera it hits like a brick. We had a cold lentil salad, some greens and tomato salad, cold injera salad, braised cabbage and carrots, red lentil, yellow lentil, collard greens, curry paste. With the platter and the yesmisir sambusas the BF and I were full and we would definitely order that again and skip the salad. Service was just OK. There was plenty of waiting around after eating for a box and then it was a long wait for a check to come to us. It seemed usual so don't expect a speedy place. The food here is really cheap and the quality and flavor is great so I will be back!
5	SO good!  Vegetarian platter is amazing...so much food and all healthy too.  Also recommended by the owner was the spice tea that cleanses out the system.  Great place in Vegas
1	I feel bad. Giving a one star. I feel horrible, even though I shouldn't give a crap.At work, my coworker, Tesfaye (I'm sorry if I slept your name wrong) let me try his lunch... He said, just dig in with your fingers. I lOvE that. Just EAT! The reason I went here is because Ty is Ethiopian. In the break room, the left overs were flavorful and great!! That one bite made me crave a new culture of food I couldn't believe I have never tried.Straight away I told my fiance, we're going to eat Ethiopian food. Soon. Ty told me which places were good in Vegas. He said this was the best food wise. Couple other's were good, one which has bad reviews on yelp.....but, because this was the best we went here!Sunday, just past 2pm. We drive into the ghetto strip mall (which I love when it comes to food). People are leaving from the establishment as we arrive. And.. we walk in.The place is empty. Well, there were two females one older and bitter, one younger and chipper... but the place was empty of customers. We choose a table with our son, get the high chair, and wait. And wait... and then we wait. I waaaved my hand, and we waited. Finally we got attention!YES! We can try authentic Ethiopian food!! This is what I wanted my fiance to try! She went to Hong Kong with me while she was pregnant and we still haven't had this fare. The 'waitress'? Comes over. We kind of know what to expect, but still have questions. Fiance orders the Salmon. I specifically ask what the difference is between their different lamb dishes. Response is, YES, you wont just the one fish? Fiance says YES! She points to the same Salmon dish on the menu. Answer is OK.....okMy turn, again. I ask for the lamb wot dish? Or more importantly please tell me what the different lamb dishes are... The description's look amazing. My taste buds are going crazy I just want to eat even though I have never in my life eaten in a place that has no customers!!!! (Seriously I don't think I have) Answer-Noooo.. just this one... 'server' pointing to the first lamb dish I pointed to... so.. OK I order that.. With confidence for sure. But then, the food comes.My dish comes first. The flavor of the sauce is exactly what my taste buds wanted to experience, but the substance.The delicious beef with bone stew flavor that they served me was what I expected Ethiopian food to be in flavor, but, it wasn't Lamb!What did I order? Lamb.Patti's dish comes...... LOL yeah, you think that's Salmon. She told the server the specific number on the menu of what she wanted. The server brought the fish the kitchen wanted to get rid of.My fiance is too kind to complain. We should have. The 'server' said "TRY IT" "IT'S GOOOOD"... Patti said... yes... it is...... So she ate her white fish.but WOW. When I paid, the owner looking guy walked away when he heard me asking the question "If I come again will you give us what we order"?ARE YOU KIDDING ME? Think about this. When is the last time you have been to a 'restaurant' and been served something you didn't order. Entirely.And ate it. OK. The food was OK to eat. With the horrible taste in our mouth of being screwed over unfortunately. My dish just tasted like a nice Mexican beef stew that I'm cooking right now at home. But, ugh, the fish... yeah... it was deep fried fish you can get from anywhere frozen. THANKS!WOW.I guess I need to come here with Ty in order to appreciate it. That's really sad to me.This dinning experience was actually the worst in my life. It's a zero star for sure. Now I have about a decade of work to do convincing my fiance to try Blue Nile... she's completely done with Ethiopian food as of right now. (Ambiance was nice, if there were other people? Everything was clean, but when you have my experience you don't even recognize ambiance)
5	Awesome, delicious, yummy fabulousness!!!
4	This is a decent place. I deduct some points for the ambience and locality, which makes this place seem shady. When it comes to the food, it's a good place, although I could claim to have had slightly more flavorful Ethiopian food. It has good hours for the city that it caters to. From the crowd that was flocking here, it seemed fairly authentic (I don't mean to be racist, but it's a good indicator). They serve you mineral water bottles so you can be sure they mean good. :)
4	We found this restaurant through Yelp and couldn't be happier with our choice to get off the strip for something unique. I would recommend driving or catching a bus, but we made it there by walking. We ate so much delicious food that the walk home was a little painful, but well worth it. Don't be shy with your server and let them know if it's your first time eating Ethiopian food. On a side note, you have to go to this place thinking "Ok, I'm going to try something new." It's not the cool thing to do in Vegas, and it's not a great place to impress a blind date (unless she's a totally awesome chick who's into trying new ethnic foods. In that case, this is perfect). Don't expect anything fancy, just good food, nice servers, and delicious beer.
5	Went there yesterday, the food was delicious, I ordered them beef ribs and my BFF had them kibee, the bread was awesome.....going back real soon!
4	Don't come here if you've never had Ethiopian food before. The wait staff won't be able to guide you or describe anything since they have difficulty with English.Come back once you are familiar with the cuisine. All the lamb tibs are incredible, grilled to perfection and seasoned just right. They have the second best Doro Wot I've ever had (1st is a place in Oakland), and the lentils (Shiro Wot is what we got) were delicious as well. I didn't have any beef dishes so I can't speak for those.They do have Ethiopian coffee and tea, despite the menu not saying so.
3	I found this restaurant due to some research.  I knew I was going to be visiting Las Vegas and in addition to all of the fine dining opportunities, I wanted to see what cultural food I could find in Vegas that maybe I couldn't find in my own hometown.  I know there are a couple of Ethiopian restaurants in south Florida, but I had never been to one so I figured I'd try this one out.  The funny thing is that only 30 minutes before I walked into the door of this restaurant I had just finished a meal!  I was at Mint Indian Bistro because I wanted to try Nepalese and Tibetan food.  But as I finished my meal I saw that this restaurant was nearby.  Despite being full, I ventured here for the opportunity to try Ethiopian food. To give my stomach a break, I walked from the first restaurant to this one.Luckily, it took the food awhile to come out and that gave me the opportunity to make some more space in my stomach.  My waitress was very friendly.  First, she helped by explaining some of the Ethiopian cuisine.  Next, she recommended a meal for me to try.  Finally, when my meal came she showed me how to use my fingers to eat everything.Naturally I tried an Ethiopian beer with my meal.On my goal to try different cultural foods I can say that I have tried Ethiopian food.
3	A-OK.A tell tale sign that a restaurant is any good if you find that the majority of the patrons are of the same culture.  Well, this one was mixed, and really the standard still holds.I would consider my palate to err on the adventurous side, and I had Ethiopian once before.  The friends who introduced me to it didn't think I could handle a particular dish, so of course, I made sure my next opportunity fulfilled my curiosity.  Kitfo is the Ethiopian version of steak tartar, and I won't lie that the thought of it took some intrinsic strength to order.  Even the waitress at first tried to steer me away from it at first, and then tried to convince me to have it cooked instead of raw.  I reasoned with her that I wanted to try it as it should be.  A different waitress served it to me and said I'd be hooked.  Well, that might be true if only they didn't cook it anyway.  Granted, not all the way through, but it did see some high heat for at least a few moments.  This deeply disappointed me because I was willing, yet for some silly reason, they weren't.  It basically looks like ground meat served on flat, sour-dough along with spinach and cheese.  Using the bread, which I'm a fan of, as a utensil, I tried it in every combination: just meat, meat with cheese, meat with spinach, meat with cheese & spinach, etc.  Conclusion was that in every way, despite not receiving it authentically, it was good.  I'm not sure, even after asking, what spices they used, but it was a delightful combination.  Spinach and cheese weren't anything special, but added contrasting textures -- which I think was the point.  Surprisingly filling too.  Will I regularly order Kitfo? Probably not, but I'm still glad I gave it the half-assed attempt.Very apparently if you're not Ethiopian by some measure, you just might be missing out on something.  I saw the service is leagues better if you are.  Also they won't tone down whatever you order I guess.  Not a pleasant thing to have to say, but somehow I can empathize.
4	My wife and I are pescatarian, so no meat.  Merkato has a delicious vegetarian sampler for $10 that fill both of us up.  The flavors are more pronounced than at other Ethiopian places, which is good.  I'm told they have excellent meat and fish dishes, too.One star downgrade due to the place doesn't look that clean, and the wait staff can be slow to serve non-native customers.  But we've been here several times, and do love the food, and the value is amazing.
1	Server aren't professional at all. Good authentic Ethiopian food. Horrible service. No thank u. I can make it @ home.
3	My first time eating ethopian food.  I appreciated the distinct culture and flavors that this restaurant brought to the table.  They had someone walking around spreading a smoke that gave off an aroma which mimiced what i assume it may smell like in Ethopia.  Inside it could be a whole world away from vegas, but a quick walk away from the strip.  I must say the food might not be for everyone.  It was different.  That is to say everyone's pallett is different.  I didn't really get blown away but did appreciate some of the new flavors and textures.
2	I cannot say enough about the service here. I was recently here for dinner with my sister while on vacation and thought I'd stop by here due to the amazing reviews. The restaurant was pretty packed as we entered. As we were seated, I noticed that we were not handed a menu. So we sat and waited about 15 minutes before being given a menu. We were basically left to sit in the corner for about an additional 20 minutes. I was a little confused as to why things were taking so long. I mean the reviews on Yelp were really good. The customer service I found was extremely lacking, as our order was taken the waitress walked off and had not asked us if we wanted anything to drink. So I had to ask her myself. I told her that me & my sister wanted water and she returned 5 minutes later with bottle water (which a glass of free water would have been sufficient) The food took a while to come which did not surprise me at this point. The food was good not GREAT!!! The portion was large which is probably the only reason I gave them 2 stars. After we finished our meal, we could have basically walked out of the restaurant, I doubt they would have noticed anyways with the way things were going. I walked up to the counter and stood in front of the cashier to pay my bill. She took her sweet time and didn't even realize I was there until one of her co-workers pointed it out to her. From here it took her about 5 minutes to hand me my bill and change. She did not even say thank you when she gave me my change. No tip was given obviously. I would not return to this restaurant due to the poor service.
4	My wife and I went here after becoming fatigued by the lack of reasonable dining choices at the luxury casino restaurants.  We thoroughly enjoyed the dining experience.  Eating with the bread was new and fun for us, and we each enjoyed at least 80% of the fare we had on the sample platter.
4	One word: Kitfo.  Their special kitfo is VERY spicy (ask them to tone it down if you're sensitive), but divine.  It is better than any other Ethiopian place in town in my opinion.To be more specific and very blunt:The area is a bit dicey, esp. at night, but the parking lot is well lit.If you send the kitfo back to be cooked (it's raw), you'll get a hairy eyeball from the chef (normally a woman)--I watched 2 tables nearly get mowed down by her stare when they sent it back to be cooked.If you are NOT Ethiopian and look Caucasian, you often will be seated away from the Ethiopian and non-Caucasian patrons.  I've been there five times. EVERY time, I'm way away from everyone else.  Once the servers and staff realize you know what you're ordering, the service could NOT be better and they are as sweet as can be. Otherwise, good service but not overly prompt.I was told by several Ethiopian friends that it's bad manners to not eat all the food in front of you--when my 3 friends and I apparently ordered too much and asked to take it home, the cook came out and asked if we liked the food.  The waitress confirmed, when I asked, that taking food home is a sign of displeasure.  I assured them is was  WONderful but I was full (and patted my beef belly). I've had the lamb (beware--not delicate to eat--bones and gristle are in it still) and it was very good, and all the kitfo's but the Special Kitfo (with sweet goat cheese, spinach--I think--and hot peppers) is by far the best.  It doesn't look like much but my boyfriend and I swore it just kept multiplying on the plate.This would be 5 stars, and my experience has been 5 stars, but I have seen the staff react negatively--never rude but in terms of a glare or a hard stare--at customers who, I think in their minds, should "know better" than to send raw food back to be cooked.
3	We went here on Sunday when we found out another place was closed. We were hungry and wanted to sit someplace cool.The service was just OK. They weren't rude, just not very interested in serving us. When we got there all the servers were at a table eating.....The food was filling and the portions were very large but lacking in flavor and spice. I like spicy food so that was a disappointment.All in all it was OK and I could go there again to see if it was just an off night.
4	Out of town couple who love Ethiopian food went here based on a recommendation from an Ethiopian cab driver.   Our general rule of thumb - if the cab drivers eat here, it will be good.  We actually came here twice during our week long visit to Las Vegas because we enjoyed the food so much.Food was fantastic, inexpensive and generous.  The veggie combo - which we usually order at Ethiopian places - had something like 9 items on it!!!  The service was friendly and accomodating if a little uneven.  Clearly a family run restaurant that probably caters mostly to the local community at a relaxed pace.The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is that overall the restaurant could be cleaner.
4	This review should be split into two categories: service and food quality.  The food was 5-stars.  Flavorful, generous, and delicious.  The service was 2 stars.  Our party was one of two in the entire restaurant.  Due to the fact the 3 servers were seated in another part of the restaurant catching up, I had to get up and request water and other things we needed.  From start to finish, lunch for 3 people took close to 1.5 hours between waiting for service.  Always happy to find a good Ethiopian restaurant and definitely recommend the food here.  Just plan on the extra time for the waiting you will do.
4	Modest in location, yes. But the important thing about this restaurant is when you walk inside and are introduced to the DELICIOUS cuisine! It is a little quiet, but the servers are kind and helpful about what to order. If you have never eaten here, I would recommend the veggie combo platter which can feed 2 people easily, maybe even 3 if you aren't starving. It comes with three pieces of that delightfully spongy, and slightly tangy heaven of a bread also known as injera which you can rip apart and fill with as many different combos of food as you like. I also recommend the sambussa, which is a lentil-filled turnover of goodness fried to perfection, add some hot sauce and your life will be complete. The best part of all of this, you eat with your HANDS! (staying true to Ethiopian tradition). If you don't mind getting your hands a little dirty, but do love exquisite and diverse tastes swirling around in your cheeks, this is the perfect place for you. We ate for two and spent less than $15. Bon Appetit!
1	I -really- wanted to enjoy myself at Merkato Ethiopian Cafe.  I've never had Ethipian food and my companion had only enjoyed once so we decided to go to the highest rated place in Vegas that was the cheapest - Merkato seemed to be a great choice.We have been doing 30 days of vegetarianism so we decided on the pastries with lentils as an appetizer and the vegetarian combo that most people on Yelp rave about. I found it a bit strange when the vegetarian combo came out without the pastries/lentils - but figured that they would bring it out later or forgot to get it. She spooned a red chili-consistency food onto the sponge-bread plate that was the vegetarian combo. At this point I had finished my water before beginning to eat. Everything tasted good; the Injera (spongey bread) went well with everything but I found that it might have tasted better if it was warm instead of cold (not a beef with the restaurant). My companion took a bite and pulled something out of her mouth. This is where things took a turn for the worse.She showed me a small black rock that was in the yellow food that looked like mashed corn. I thought it might be a seed, and she dropped it on her plate - making a loud chink sound. I felt it and we definitely agreed it was a rock. A rock in our food? Really? A waitress never adressed if we were doing okay; but to be fair they were busy chatting with each other ALONE at the bar instead of helping their customers. My water was empty the whole dinner and was never refilled. I had to walk to the waitresses and ask them for the check. This is when the second strike happened.The check read a vegetarian platter and then an $8 appetizer that we did not order. Instead of giving us the pastry, they had given us a more expensive appetizer that they had scooped on to the plate. However, there was no way we could have known this during dinner because 1.) nothing was ever explained to us what each thing was and 2.) they appetizer apparently came at the same time as the vegetarian platter (and the description of the vegetarian platter is vague on the menu). I asked if they could take some of the cost off of the appetizer - I acknowledged  that maybe there could have been more communication, but it really was a mistake on the waitresses part for taking down our order wrong. She said "Oh no, because that's good stuff and you're taking it to-go." to which I responded "I don't want to waste your food, if you want to throw it away and take some of the charge off i'm okay with that;" She said she couldn't do anything and was completely unreceptive and unapologetic. Her view was that we should have told the waiter that we had received the wrong appetizer. My companion told her and showed the the black rock that was found in the food. No emotion. No apology. She just said "Oh..." Are you kidding me? We were astounded by how terrible the service was.Poor communication takes two parties, but they really dropped the ball on this one.Poor waiting service because I had to get up to ask for the check and no one came to check on us - they weren't busy with anything else but conversing with each other.Poor kitchen - there was a rock in the food. A rock.I'm very upset. I'm very sad that I'm writing a poor review; before this my companion always joked that I always have a great time and enjoy all dining experiences. That streak is over. Thanks a lot Merkato; avoid this place at all costs just in principle of the way they treat their customers.Restaurants that care more about money than sharing an experience with their customers don't deserve to be open - there are too many passionate and loving business owners/workers that are struggling to support an operation like Merkato.
5	Great food, great experience, and just few min. cab drive from the strip! It was awesome, highly recommended.
4	If you love funky, authentic, inexpensive "hole in the wall" ethnic restaurants this is a great stop.  It is open super late - a lot of Ethiopian cab drivers stop in for grub.  They have live music at times.  The service was attentive and easy.  You get so much food - a vegetarian platter for $10 easily feeds 2.  A family feel.  I would definitely go back.
1	I really wanted to like this place. Gave it a second chance too. Our lamb wasn't cooked at all, cold and chewy rare is not a pleasant way to eat it. We asked it be taken back and cooked a little more and they took us at our word. "A little more" was all it got. Not even warm. We also asked for any of their specialty hot sauces and had to ask twice more before anything was brought out. My boyfriend likes spicy food and so do I.The waitress didn't make any attempt to talk to us and we felt unwelcome like the first time. I hate to say it but if this is a locals hang out they definitely don't warm up to anyone new. Last chance and it was a fail.
4	Great experience!  I brought a friend to try Ethiopian food for the first time.  We shared the veggie combo and the house kitfo.Service was a little slow but we were taken care of.  We were offered a traditional style coffee that was made in the dining area with some bread.The incense was quite strong and created a hazy atmosphere.
5	My husband and I have dined here several times and we always enjoy it. They make us feel very comfortable and never out of place. The food is also very delicious. We highly recommend it! It is laid back, and not a really fancy place for those looking for a  fancy dinner.
5	Excellent food, service and friendly atmosphere....the coffee ritual is a must if you visit. Had lunch today with 5 friends and we all agreed we will be returning soon.Oh and my 10 month old daughter and she was nicknamed princess by the servers who were very conscious of her and took the time to hold her and  helped me keep her entertained as we ate.Very friendly and family like atmosphere.
5	My favorite Ethiopian restaurant to date! This will definitely be on the list any time I return to Las Vegas. I found this place using yelp reviews and was so happy to find a local restaurant away from the mega buffets on the strip!My husband and I love flavorful/spicy cusine, being Indian American and we loved this place! The portions are huge and there is so much variety. We ordered the lentil sambosas to start and they were a perfect way to start the meal( they come with a meat filling as well). We ordered the vegetarian platter to share and wow we could barely finish it. There were at least 6 or 7 different vegetables/salads to try. See the pictures! I really like the yellow lentil dishes. The injera bread was spongy, soft and fresh. It was perfect to scoop all the different veggie preparations. There was also a cold injera bread salad, which wasn't out favorite( a bit to sour and cold). It seems like they have entertainment on some nights and they have some tables with authentic table side cookware. You can tell this place is popular with locals( how do you know an ethnic restaurant is good? When you see people from that ethnicity's background as the majority eating there. My husband and I use the same gauge for Indian restaurants. This place actually made our trip!
4	I was meeting with an uncle today from Taiwan, and I wanted to take him to a place he wouldn't find back home.  I was only a touch concerned that he might be off-put by the exterior of the restaurant located in a seemingly half abandoned strip mall.  Fortunately, Merkato pulled through for me with their incredible food.  In total, the entire group totaled 8 people.  We ordered two of the vegetarian platters, 6 lentil sambosas, and chicken, fish, and lamb dishes(I believe the protein dishes were tibs).  Though everything was good, the group favorite was the lamb.  No protein was dry. Even the fish dish was perfectly cooked with a crust on the outside and moist on the inside.  The vegetarians platter came out no more than 15min after ordering (so you know that not everything was ready made and just plopped on the platter.  Then the proteins came out.  The waitress squeezed the meats between the veggies on the injera platter.  Lastly, came the basket of injera. Now if only they would serve tej and mushroom shiro!This will now be my go to Ethiopian restaurant in Las Vegas.
5	I am so glad that I read previous reviews and ordered what other people ordered. This was my Husbands and my first time trying Ethiopean food. We have been talking about it for at least 2yrs so needless to say I was very excited to try this place while we were in Las Vegas. We ordered the Vegetarian Combo and the Kitfo, as well as the puff pastry appetizer that was filled with lentils. EVERYTHING was amazing! The Injera made for an overall great dining experience.  All of the staff was very friendly and attentive. Don't let it's humble outward appearance fool you. If I had to change anything it would be to have cloth napkins and maybe some updated menus. Overall a great first time experience and we will be returning!!!
5	Oh. My God.Special Kitfo. Get it Raw.Don't buy any crack outside, though.This place is a win.But I'm serious about the crack. It's cheaper up the street.
3	Don't read too much into my rating because this was my first experience with Ethiopian cuisine.  This place may make amazing Ethiopian food, I would not know.  I have been wanting to try Ethiopian food for a long time.  Well, today I got my chance.  The food was interesting, but I did not like it.  The restaurant is in a bad area close to the strip.  There was a thick, stinky haze of incense wafting through the air.  I did not like that.  The TV was blaring music videos in what I assume is the language spoken in Ethiopia.  We went during lunch on Thursday, but the restaurant was almost completely empty.  The waitress tried to help but the language barrier was too much.  I ordered YeDoro Wot, which is chicken cooked in butter and sauteed onions, seasoned with garlic, fresh ginger, and pepper herbs simmered until tender.  One chicken drumstick and one hard boiled egg were in the sauce.  The waitress spooned it over a plate of the traditional bread.  Some kind of crumbly white cheese was also on the bread.  Another friend ordered the vegetarian combo, which was also served over the traditional bread.  Each order was $8.50.  Traditionally you eat with your fingers, but halfway through my meal I asked for a spoon.  I did not hate the food.  I did not like the food.  I would just say that it is exotic.  One try is enough for me.  I don't intend to return.
5	Merkato is one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas. Admittedly, I've only ever had one dish - the Vegetarian platter - but I've heard that the other meals are good as well. The Veg platter is in fact vegan, and will easily feed three very hungry people! I also recommend the coffee service if you have some spare time. The staff roasts the coffee beans right in front of you, and it's the thickest, richest coffee you will ever have. Yum!
2	Never even had the chance to try their food. We sat down and ordered an appetizer and the server could not even understand what I was saying, I had to point to the item on the menu. We waited for 10 minutes and then she finally came back and asked us what we ordered again. Insteading of working, she had spent the whole time chatting with the other wait staff. Needless to say, we just got up and left. Very disappointing :(
4	Just like others have mentioned, the incense is a little on the strong/smokey side. The vegetarian platter was delicious. Too much food for 2 people.I ordered a white wine and it came in a single serve bottle and tasted on the sour side. My dinner partner ordered a Jack and coke and they had no idea what that was. I don't think they serve very much alcohol.We didn't get to try the coffee but will definitely be back!
4	Veggie combo- exactly what i expect from a veggie platter. everything was good and fresh except  for one of the sides.  I suspect this was a filler, it was cold mashed injera with salad dressing...horrendous.   The injera was by far the best i've had.  very consistent texture and not to dry or moist.  this dish could be shared by 2 people.Beef- it was super fresh and was scooped right of a sizzling platter onto our dish.  pretty lean meat with minimal flavoring.Injera refills were quick and without question. they tried to sell us bottled water but you can ask for tap.this was probably the most legitamate ethiopian place i have been to, the staff was clearly african (rather than african american), there were home-made looking music videos on screen, and the food was rather good.
4	veggie combo is all you need to compleat the the day. Did I say the lamb/beef combo...love lamb
5	Me and my bf love this place. We are regulars.  If you want to try something new come here! It's great for vegetarians and meat lovers as well!
3	This place was not in the best area in the city. I would not go by myself .The people are very nice my friend told them it was my first time so they were so polite everyone asked me how it was. It was okay .The bread is something that you have to acquire a taste for. The meat was okay it tastes like fried kalbi with a side salad that you eat with your hands. It was a little over priced. The bathrooms were clean. Thanks but it's going to take more for me to come back.
2	Wow...  this one was an experience.  We went on one of the days it was raining in town and very cold.  It is never a good sign when you go into a restaurant and the employees are all wearing their jackets.  We were slow to get attention from anyone.  Once we did, they were quite pleasant, but continued to be slow.  We ordered the veggie plate and a beef dish.  The odd bread did not satisfy either of us.  It was moist and spongy, and to us, did not go with the food.  The beef was good.  There were a couple of good curry dishes on the veggie platter as was the salad.  We asked for the bill several times with only the owner coming over to talk.  (We are eat and run folks)  When we finally got the bill, he asked us if we wanted fresh roasted coffee which we declined.  Truly, there was nothing wrong with the food, just a strange atmosphere in a sketchy building.  This is another one in town we will not be back to.
3	Came late on a Thursday night for take-out. Ordered a dish described as chicken cooked in butter and garlic sauce, priced $8.95. Got a drumstick in a heavy sauce. wrapped in a savory crape. It tasted good but the portion of chicken was pretty poor. I would have been happy with a single breast. Tasty but insufficient.
5	Just enjoyed a fantastic dinner here. I was really impressed with the friendliness and knowledge of the waitstaff. I learned some new things about Ethiopian food. I got the vegetarian combo and it was awesome. I really liked the spinach. The decor is kind of old fashioned but it's definitely a worth while mom and pop type of place.
5	This place is unlike any other. Ethiopian food is very rare to find I feel and so this place is definitely one to go check out! There's no utensils and instead you use this bread called "injera" as a "fork". I forgot exactly what it was called but it resembled an empanada but with lentils inside. It was absolutely delicious! We got the veggie sampler and a chicken dish and a beef dish. They were all really good!
4	This place is located near the LV Convention Center and I found it by accident. Having never eaten Ethiopian food I decided to check it out. The mall it is in is off-putting but don't let that stop you. The place is clean, not fancy but comfortable. With suggestions from the server I tried a lamb dish and some collard greens. Damn Good! The food had a bit of spice and lots of flavor. The portion was not huge but enough to fill me up and then some. The greens were firm, not hard and tasted awesome! You have to ask for  a fork if you don't want to eat with your fingers (using the bread). My meal cost under &20.00 which is a deal on the strip. If you are in the area, try this place.
4	We came here for dinner on a Sunday. There were few other tables occupied when we arrived. We ordered a Chicken doro wot. Wanted to order a Lamb dish, but since they ran out of lamb that day, we ordered a Beef tibs. The portions are large, I think my husband and I would have been full with splitting just one dish. The chicken doro wot is delicious, much better than the ones that I have been in some popular Ethiopian restaurants in the bay area. The beef was a dud, it was dry, chewy and we couldn't finish eating the dish.If not for the beef, I would have given a 5 star, considering that service is fast and friendly.
4	I liked this place...i was sort of confused on if the place was open or not but since I looked at other reviews it wasnt that big of a deal...My only complaint was I didnt know there were bones in my dish...so I wouldve liked a little warning but nothing happened...the staff were nice but I was the only one there so I guess they didnt have much of a choice but to check on me haha...overall I enjoyed the food...maybe a "open" sign would help hahaP.S yes there were incense lit towards the end of my lunch and yes they were strong...but I feel like thats just apart of the restarant/culture so I dont know what to say about it:-) oh i got a free piece of bread...didnt know what it was though:-) but thank you!
5	Went to Merkato last Friday. Ordered the salmon dish with rice and injera bread. Good meal! Good price! Big portions too! Better than the Abyssinia restaurant! I will be back! :)
4	This place is great! Food came out fast and Delicious.Everyone was so friendly. I will come back every time I visit Vegas :).
5	As a vegan, I LOVE this place. My friends and I always struggle finding a decent place to eat after 10pm when most places close. I love that it's open very, very late into the night. (Not to mention, eating their Ethiopian food while drunk is like heaven.) The servers are nice- they smile at you and casually interact with you, unlike other Ethiopian restaurants I've been to, where they can hardly speak English and they're difficult to be around.More importantly, the service is ALWAYS SO QUICK and I've gone here at least a dozen times. Plus they even offer you extra injera (Ethiopian spongy, sourdough flatbread).Almost forgot to mention the food, which is always DELICIOUS.
4	So much food! Great customer service. Their coffee is wonderful and very interesting in how they prepare it. A little bit of a sketchy neighborhood but what you use to scoop your food, that little sourdough pancake type thing is what will bring me back!
4	If you are a regular visitor to Vegas, let's hope that you've tried to look for other places to eat or stay other than on the Strip. This trip was for the American Library Association conference, so I was trying to keep the expenses within the guidelines.I was also of tired of paying for expensive and tasteless food on the strip.Was tired of our usual Indian place and had a craving for Ethiopian food. It was a bit late so wanted something close to our hotel, so that we didn't sweat within the first 10 minutes of walking.Ok so the location looks a bit sketch, and for a Saturday night at 8pm it was kind of dead. There were about 8 folks in the place, sad to say 6 of them looked like library folks, and a few others were Ethiopian. There were a couple of women who were sitting in the middle of the room and smoke was rising from the middle of the room and the small of burning was pretty strong. Did not see a vent insight, nor a fire extinguisher either. Apparently they were making fresh coffee and I mean literally. Roasting beans, grinding the beans, and brewing. If you have had turkish coffee this is similar.  Ordered a vegetarian dish, and combo meat (for my regular readers, this was for me) Apparently for an army of me, as my plate could have fed 3 others. The veg one was just right. Be sure to order the spice powder.  The Injeri bread, some say is an acquired taste, but it cancels out some of the spices of the food.  Food was good and if you take the left overs it taste awesome the next day.So we decided to have the coffee after. OMG, Why didn't someone introduce me to this 20 years ago when I was in college, pulling my all nighters! Thank god check out time was noon as I couldn't go to bed until 4am! Price was moderate, and of good value. Will be returning. Something different and to remind you that LV is not all about bright lights and booze.
4	short version: good food, great flavors, generous portions, and awful service. long version:We got 1 veggie combo + 1 fish with peppers and onions and everything was delicious. Also, despite us both having hearty appetites, it was enough to fill the both of us for 2 meals! We took home an entire large container that we ate for dinner the next day and the bill came out to less than $30 including tax + tip! Usually, we order an appetizer and 2 veggie combos at ethopian restaurants and finish everything so the portions are definitely larger than normal.Only reason for 4 stars is the service which is pretty awful. First, they tried bringing us overpriced water bottles even though we never asked for it. Then, they started clearing our plates before we finished eating. Lastly, they didn't fill our waters and again took it away before we were done, without asking if we wanted a refill. Also, it took quite a while to get the bill despite us being the only table of customers there by the time we finished our meal.All that said, I would definitely come for the food again...just don't expect great service and dont come if you're in a rush.
4	Merkato is a friendly, simple ethiopian restaurant with good, solid, authentic ethiopian food.We tried the sambusa (both meat and vegetarian), both were very good. The shiro wot was excellent and i could have had two portions just of that (and they are large portions!). The awaze tibs were excellent quality and well seasoned, albeit a little bland for my taste.This place is not only very good but it is an unbelievable good deal for the money. I just wished they fixed the sound system!
3	Not the best I've had...I ordered the veggie combo, the lentils were too sweet, and the collars greens and split peas were flavorless.  Even though I only did takeout so didn't spend too much time there, I noticed that a lot of the lights are in desperate need of repair (the place was unusually dark) and the TV was constantly skipping.
3	Overall was decent.As we walked in, we were greeted by a wall of incense smoke. So bad, that you would think the place had caught fire-no joke. Since we were the only ones in the restaurant, I asked if they could please turn the incense off and open the doors which they kindly did,As far as the food went, the vegi platter was really good and the added beef tibs were just about inedible. The meat seemed to be reheated many times over the past few days.If I would return, it would be only for the vegi platter.
5	As a vegan, I LOVE this place. My friends and I always struggle finding a decent place to eat after 10pm when most places close. I love that it's open very, very late into the night. (Not to mention, eating their Ethiopian food while drunk is like heaven.) The servers are nice- they smile to you and casually interact with you, unlike other Ethiopian restaurants I've been to, where they can hardly speak English and they're difficult to be around.More importantly, the service is ALWAYS SO QUICK and I've gone here at least a dozen times. Plus they even offer you extra injera (Ethiopian spongy, sourdough flatbread) every single time. Almost forgot to mention the food, which is always DELICIOUS.
4	Fantastic food. The sambusas were spectacular. We also enjoyed the meat and veggie combo plates, especially the raw kitfo. We fed 5 people an amazing meal, including drinks, for less than $60.It took a very long time to get our check, so service was the only reason for not giving five stars.
5	Excellent ! I needed my fix of Ethiopian .. Normally it's desta in Atlanta .. I was weary of trying any other places .. Until I found a his place in vegas ...
