4	We are very happy to have an authentic Lebanese restaurant in the neighborhood. The chicken and the falafel are well prepared and very filing. The food is displayed in cases and the hostess will happily give you a tour. The sandwiches are prepared with 100% creamed garlic and often have parsley, vinegar pickle, or fried potato. The fruit and desserts are also on display and include two different baclawa. They have a gas oven which produces a wonderful Lebanese pizza like bread topped with sesame seeds and spices. The staff appear to be either family or newly hired and try to be very helpful.We hope they are successful here in Matthews.
4	I just had a few minutes to grab a quick lunch on Friday and I knew that this place had opened recently, so I thought that I would give it a try.  Ever since we moved from Montreal, the wife and I have been looking for some decent Lebanese food here in Charlotte. I may have just found the spot.The place was relatively empty when I walked in just shy of 2 o'clock for a late lunch take away. After quickly scanning the large menu, I decided on 2 sandwiches: the meat schawarma and the chicken shish taouk.  The meat schawarma was made with perfectly seasoned and moist shavings of lamb. The shish taouk was a combo of larger pieces of chicken, a garlic sauce explosion and some tangy, tasty pickles. I was really satisfied with both sandwiches with a slight nod to the schawarma on this visit. Plenty of desserts and pastries to try here and I will definitely return with the wife. I just hope that this kabob place becomes a popular Matthews location and does very well over time.
3	Nearly ready for prime time. This is no falafel joint, the Lebanese proprietors  are obviously aiming higher. This is a full service restaurant with sparse modern decor, spot lights, artwork, and several refrigerated displays of artfully prepared foods and deserts .... when I saw the food on display I knew I had to give it a try or two. Rod O. will have to take these pix, my phone is not up to par. There is no separate lunch menu and entrees are priced a little high for Matthews, $14-17 by the time you include the "a la carte" rice, my guess is that they'll have to adjust the pricing. There's a good size patio for al fresco dining and the wait staff is very young and completely unseasoned but they try hard.They don't offer a mixed appetizer plate (not yet) but they gladly obliged my request for a combination of Baba Ghanouj, Humus, Labneh and Bathinjan. The presentation was picture perfect. I often buy Lebneh from halal markets on N Sharon Amity and it tastes great, but it's heavy and lumpy. Not here, the Lebneh was smooth and served at the perfect temp: cool but not refrigerator cold, very good, I only wished it was garnished with a few green olives on top -Lebanese right? The Bathinjan was a very zesty salad, strong with parsley, mint onions and lemon, I couldn't taste any of eggplant I expected. Still, very nice for a side.The humus was smooth and almost frothy ( blenderized I suspect) more of an observation than a criticism, but I prefer the heartier traditional way. The Ganouj was really good, without any bitterness and I didn't detect any of that artificial liquid smoke so common these days, but again the consistency was a little too light.  The slender Kafta wrap tasted really good, all the ingredients came together gave the wrap great flavor although the kafta itself was too mild for my taste - I'm very picky about kafta.The bakery is where this restaurant shines. The sample plate includes a Cheese Sambousek (feta and haloumi in a philo pie) I LOVE IT!  A lamb Sambousek and a Fatayer spinach and sumac. Both tasted a treat although one time the spinach won over the lamb and another time it was the opposite. Also from the bakery: a small square of pistachio Baklava that I found just about perfect every time I tried it. The only fail was the Turkish coffee, strangely it was bitter and weak both IOWs the polar opposite of what it's meant to be, also no whiff of rosewater in it.To sum it up : A "modern" restaurant offering very good Mediterranean cuisine in Matthews.
2	Disappointed in mixed grill to-go. See picture. Did not come with humus, any accompaniment. Nothing.
5	Simply the best middle eastern food on Charlotte. Great customer service and very clean. Highly recommended !!
5	Awesome and AUTHENTIC. So many people want Americanized food but this is the real deal. The fattoush is the best salad (think Greek style) I've had in Charlotte. Ever. If you're new to the cuisine, try the entry level stuff. Chicken shwarma is nice and easy. We loved it. My husband was raised in a Lebanese family and this place is spot on. My kids love it too but they eat anything. Sizes are big, prices low (baklava at $1?!). You'll have leftovers you'll want to eat!
5	Try the grilled platter and spicy sausage you well not be disappointed!
5	We decided to try this place last night.  We missed having a good Lebanese restaurant in the area since Aladdin's closed a few years ago and we found our new spot!  The food is very tasty and authentic, and the prices are very reasonable.  We had a selection of appetizers and the mixed platter entree.  Everything was excellent- my husband really enjoyed the kefta and my favorite was the lamb kabob.  There was a great assortment of desserts.  We shared a slice of lemon marscapone cake- heavenly!!  Total for 3 different appetizers, one entree, one dessert, and 2 drinks- under $40!  We will definitely be returning.
4	This is a nice, cute restaurant with indoor and outdoor seating. Prices are VERY reasonable and it was fun to try the Zaatar pizza - no sauce or cheese with mild spices and olive oil. Yum!  Near to Sweet Frog (yogurt) and Starbucks.We had the hummus app, shared the pizza and an entree with a little room for dessert. Lots to choose from including various baklava treats to cakes and cookies.
4	Really good hummus served with plenty of pita.  And the Lebanese "pizza" was a crispy surprise - I'm sure it's the first time I've tasted za'atar.  We split the beef shawarma plate and chose rice instead of potatoes.  The shawarma was tasty and lean even though it had pieces of lardon thrown in (which I picked out) to keep it moist.  For dessert we tried the fig square which was kind of like a less sweet fig newton.  Would go great with coffee but was a little too simple on its own - this being a critique from an American who is used to overly sweet desserts.  Overall though "loved it."  They've only been open since July and I hope they keep going strong because I'll be back to try a falafel sandwich and the mixed grill platter!
5	One of the best if not the best middle eastern restaurant in Charlotte.  I haven't tasted all their dishes yet but all the ones I had have been scrumptious.  Their desserts are fantastic too.The atmosphere is made even more genuine with the enchanting music of 60-70's Lebanon.Great outdoor patio area for a good-weather day.Servers are friendly and hard working.Prices are fair.
3	We ate dinner here today. Our experience was mixed - the falafel sandwich was pretty decent although it can be improved by adding more tahini and providing a hot sauce to go with the sandwich (red chilli and garlic sauce was do just fine thanks). The hummus and pita bread plate was really good. The Lebanese pizza, not so much. It's not really a pizza. Service was slow, could be improved.
5	The best Mediterranean/Arabic I've been to, it really takes me back to the times spent over seas. Just like the street vendors Kabab Je keeps it fresh and healthy. I LOVE! LOVE! LOVE! this place. The service is always amazing very helpful and ready to serve you. Yesser the owner is so humble that everyday he is working the restaurant so you'll have lots of one on one time with him if you have any questions. Over all this place is in my top 3 favorite places in NC. Go on and enjoy some of the most flavorful dishes in the Matthews area, I promise you will be overly satisfied with Kabab Je wether is lunch or dinner. Try the Falafels but my favorite is the Batata Hara and the rice with lentils. Oh!!! and their meats are kosher so you know that you are getting quality lamb and chicken.
3	The food is good and they have items you can purchase by the pound or otherwise in refrigerated cases.  The dining area isn't very large and I was really hoping to try multiple items.  My boyfriend and I ordered sandwiches which were great but they don't come with anything and I was hoping to try the grape leaves, taboulleh, potatoes harra, hummus or falafel but you have to order any of that stuff separately.  There are no free soda refills, if you order soda it comes bottled and it's $1.95 per bottle so be prepared.  I think the menu could be reworked to include a side item with your sandwich choice or you'll spend a fortune buying everything a la carte.
4	Recently came across this place and ate in once, carried out twice.First, let me say that I am originally from Detroit where there is a lot of good middle eastern food (definitely a lot of Lebanese).   Not that I'm the world's greatest expert, but this is LEGIT.Everything we've had is great (esp the kababs) -- but the garlic sauce is ridiculous.I was surprised at some of the negative reviews here, but noticed most of them seem to be clustered around the time they opened back in July.Service was attentive, ambiance is pretty plain vanilla: go here for the food, not the romance.
5	I had my first Lebanese food last year in Peachtree City GA at the Beirut and it was AMAZING....this comes close to that.We stopped by last Saturday and have since visited with other family members on Wednesday.  As some photos show it has a deli type display where you can look at the food and ask questions...and they are very happy to help answer.  On both visits our waiter was Sammy, he is such a nice guy and really helpful in giving information and answering our questions.  Visit one we shared a mixed kabob plate and everything was very tasty, we loved the garlic sauce. :)  We also shared a Fattoush salad which was very tasty and a large serving.  For desert we had a bun/cheese dish served with rose water that was very good I just have no idea what the name was.Visit 2 we had the feta salad which was good but I liked the Fattoush better.  We again shared the mixed grill kabobs wich again we cooked perfect!  For appetizers we got the Batata Harra which I liked but I wish it wasn't so oily, the first time I ahd these was in GA and they were crispy and almost like they were baked...We brought my son and his wife, both gave it 5 stars....we all will be back and soon.
5	Holy Moses is this place unbelievable! We love Mediterranean food and have looked for the perfect restaurant upon moving to Charlotte.  We have found it.We have been coming here at least once a week for about two months.  Our service is always spot on no matter who our server is.  Our standard order is the hummus, a feta salad with grilled chicken and a falafel plate.  We share it all and snag their amazing salted caramel mousse cups as well.The food is fresh, flavors are on point and we always leave totally satisfied.
5	The is the best Mediterranean food in Charlotte!! The lentil soup is excellent, having a perfect constancy and blend of seasonings. The best I've ever tasted. Everything on the menu will delight the pallet and there is a good variety of freshly made items. This is a family owned restaurant, with a friendly atmosphere and great service. There is a counter that allows viewing of the selections including delicious desserts. We try to eat here at least once a week.
5	Quiet atmosphere. We went for lunch and it wasn't busy. The lunch staff was very friendly and helpful. The even brought over fresh hot bread. We ordered the kibbeh fried with a side of saffron basmatti rice. The kibbeh comes on a bed of lettuce and tomato, and they are fresh. The rice is fragrant and perfectly cooked. The rice is also plated well, squared with cranberries and golden raisins on top. My husband ate it in a pita. I are it mixed together on the plate. Both ways was delicious. Highly recommend people try this place.
4	My friend and I were  in the area and wanted to grab a quick bite to eat. Glad we saw this place. I was not sure I would find something I liked but they had a nice selection. I had the chicken kebab and rice and my friend had the lamb. It was delicious and I will definitely go back when I am in the area.
1	My Husband arrived with a couple of our friends and all ordered something different. I ordered a gyro pita, it had no taste as well as no cucumber sauce, I wasn't happy with it :( I'm used to my gyro pitas to be full of flavor and sauce. My friend ordered a dish (can't exactly remember what) that had so much spice it over powered everything. When she came to the chef and asked about it, he grunted and took the meal without offering a discount or a new dish overall. Our Men's meat was dry and they couldn't finish it. We won't be coming back.
4	This place is very good.  My wife and I went with another couple who ordered different dishes so we were able to try many things. Beef and chicken were great. Also tried a beef lamb mixture which was really good as well.   Staff is very friendly and knowledgable about the dishes. We will be back without a doubt.
3	The best thing about this place was their hummus.  It was definitely made in-house and it had the perfect amount of lemon, garlic and tahini.  It wasn't bland which tends to be the case in most places and it was very creamy.  The bread served with the hummus was definitely unique.  It was a big pastry puff  that was filled with steam/hot air.  It was fluffy and lightly salted.  It was a nice alternative to the typcial pita bread.The rest of our dining experience was not as great.  The menu was a little challenging to follow as it just seemed all over the place.  I ordered the chicken kabob but it didn't mention what it was served with other than a side of garlic.  My husband ordered the kabob wrap and again, no sides were mentioned.  My chicken kabob was served with rice and some pickled mixed veggies (both were not very good).  The kabob itself had so much potential but it was undercooked.  The meat on the skewer was fleshy and it bounced back when I touched it.  The inside was a light pink color and not heated all the way through.  I lost my appetite pretty quickly but didn't want to say anything as we were in a hurry and didn't have time to wait for a whole other meal to come out.  It took way too long for the first meal to come out so we weren't about to wait for another one.  My husband's wrap was good but it was very small and came with no sides.  At least we will know this for next time.  He could have/should have ordered two and a side to go with it.The service was subpar and everyone seemed stressed and unorganized.  The restaurant had an awkward lay out and super bright lights.  It was an uncomfortable dining experience overall.  There is a huge deli section in the center and then an exposed kitchen in the back and somehow a few tables positioned around the deli counter.  I think they will likely work out some of these issues but as of right now I am not impressed.  I was so excited to see a Mediterranean restaurant in the Matthews area but this place has some work to do.
5	I dream of kebab je! I'm not sure where to begin the praises... perhaps with the staff? The servers and the owner himself are courteous and friendly. It's always a pleasant experience to dine here because everyone is so nice, and the service is wonderfully efficient. Move on to the food, shall we? Simply delicious. From the hot, fresh pita & creamy hummus, to the chicken kebabs / shawarma; and everything in between that I've tried, it's all fresh & yummy. If you're a vegetarian, fret not, because they have some terrific veg options as well. As you scroll through the menu, you may get over ambitious and want to order everything, but refrain from doing that because their entree portions are quite large, and you don't want to fill yourself up so much that you miss out on the assorted baklava & tea for dessert ;) The ambiance of the restaurant is casual; it's simple, clean and comfortable. Go check 'em out, and you'll be dreaming of kebab je too!
5	I absolutely love this place! I usually get the chicken shawarma plate and have enough to take home for two more meals. The staff is amazing as well, so helpful and friendly! This is honestly one of my favorite places to eat in Matthews!
5	We tried many items and ALL were EXCELLENT and made you stop and pause on all the perfect flavors and cooked just right
5	I was in town for work and decided to skip the mainstream spots and find a hole in the wall for some good Mediterranean food.  I searched nearby and found this place. I'm already familiar with food from the region but there were a few surprises on there to check out.  My server's name was Henny and he was hands down one of the best servers I've ever met.  He greeted me, asked if I had any questions, and let me be to decide.  I tried a variety, so I ordered Lebanese salad, chicken, beef and lamb.  All of it was absolutely delicious (they even let you pick how to cook your lamb and beef - new to me!), and I almost finished it all, short of 3 pieces of meat.  I opted out of dessert but once I paid my bill, Henny offered me a to-go cup of iced tea.  You can't always find great service, especially at smaller establishments like this, but this guy does a great job. So next time you're hungry, skip the Outback, Longhorn, Texas Roadhouse, Bonefish, and whatever else is around there and head here.
3	The setup - My girlfriend and I were starving at the unconventional lunch hour of 3pm so we chose this place.  It was empty but that was due to the said unconventional hour. Needless to say, (and I'm saying it anyway) we were seated immediately.  What I believe was the owner and another waiter pulled out our chairs for us to sit down.  Uh, a million points for that.  The atmosphere is nice and it's open.  You purposely see your meal being prepared as opposed to being seated at a kitchen entrance where you aren't meant to see, hear, smell your food until it's placed in front of you, but unfortunately (in most cases) you do.I had the lamb sandwich wrap thing and my friend ordered the falafel wrap.  I tried hers and it was very good.  It was fresh and distinct in flavors.  My wrap was great except for the lamb.  It tasted as if it had been frozen and seemed a bit on the fatty side.  So, bummer.  However, I want to go back for dinner and try their kabobs and all that other jazz.  Hopefully, that'll bump them up a star or two.Definitely will return and get the full experience.
5	Wow...hands down one of the best Lebanese places in Charlotte!!  Since this was our first visit we kept it simple...spinach pie (awesome flavor and crust), falafel (best I've had!!), beef shawarma sandwich (great crust on the beef...toasting the pita takes the sandwich to another level) and last I had the Kafta sandwich (again...best in Charlotte...amazing flavor and texture...not dry as many others.) We are already looking forward to returning...   Cheers :)
5	LOVE this place. Ate there twice in 2 weeks, and am always excited to bring friends to try their food. Humus is perfect and pita bread is always fresh and warm. Service is great and owner/manager always checks on the tables. Great food and service!!!!
5	I was recently visiting family in NC and my daughter insisted we have lunch here. So glad we did! The food is authentic and amazing! I had the minced lamb kebab! Delicious! You have to be open to the real deal here! Lebanese at its finest! No fake American altered cuisine! You get to watch them prepare your food fresh too! The food case was so beautiful in the center of it all that I had a hard time deciding what to order! Lol! I over heard someone not happy with their dish and the server was extremely accommodating to replace it for them right away! I could tell it was the flavor and not the dish!!!!! Remember, you have to have the palette for authentic cuisine! This is no run of the mill place!  The owner went out of his way to greet us. Since my daughter frequents the place, they were very attentive, but I noticed that all the guest are treated that way too! I loved the flavors of my food so much that I had to score a container of spice to bring back to Arizona! They have a small selection of items you can purchase and the staff will educate you on how to use them. I've used this particular spice, not sure the name of it, the tag came off during my travels, on everything from my morning eggs to my chicken, fish and of course LAMB! Wow! Lastly, it is a great place for inside or outside seating, large or small groups except call ahead for parties over 10 so they can accommodate you accordingly. Great place for the family! The granddaughter was happy at the young age of 2 1/2 yrs old!Seems to be ideal for catering, but not sure if they offer that. Just ask!This will be my first stop when I return to NC in the future! Can you open one in Scottsdale??? I haven't found a good Lebanese place here yet! Enjoy!Pamela
4	I had the rotisserie chicken and parsley salad. That was the most moist chicken, ever, especially for breast meat! Tender, juicy and flavorful.  The selection of desserts was also great. I devoured a piece of tres leches cake to die for! K. Great. I'm hungry now, and they're closed until tomorrow! :-(
5	This place is amazing. After being disappointed the first time we visited this restaurant we decided to give it another try several months later when invited by some friends. Things have turned around 180 degrees. They have a new amazing chef who makes his own customizations and you need to try his hot sauce. The food thus far is very delicious :) Favorite meal is the lamb kabob entree which comes out very juicy and not over cooked. Now we bring our friends here. Things you need to try: killer combo get the charcoled eggplant (babganush), with humus, the chefs hot sauce and also include the garlic cream and put it on their housemate fresh off the grill pita bread. Husband absolutely loves this combo!Go here all the time now ;) highly recommend!
4	I guess now they're ready for prime time. I've eaten at this location a few times since they first opened up and results have been uneven but I think they've worked out the kinks. I tried the falafel twice and it was the tastiest I've had in this city, by far. The shwarma with hummus ($8.50) is excellent, I ordered it with a combination of both chicken and beef-lamb shwarma on it, both meats were tasty and moist the humus was primo and there was more food that I could eat.  Henny the waiter was professional and personable both, a nice change of pace  from the typically friendly but clueless service we see so much of today.btw they open every day of the week
5	If anyone gives this place less than a 5 star I would be surprised. I have been several times and each time the food has been amazing!  The owner is a very sweet guy and the staff is very knowledgeable and friendly. Love this place so much. Recommended to everyone!
5	Wonderful experience. This place is a new favorite. The pita is made from scratch, and served from the oven. Their hummus is amazing. You must try the cauliflower appetizer as well. I visited this restaurant with family, and as a group with mixed eating styles, we all did well. I am a vegan, and was very well taken care of. The rest of my family eats whatever. They loved their meat dishes, I loved my vegan ones.
5	It's about time & these fine people do it with flair. Fair priced  & plentiful, will definitely visit again & again.
5	I can't believe I haven't review Kabab Je. Maybe because we've been there many times already as it is one of our favorite restaurants in Charlotte. With that said, 5 stars is heavily weighted! Here is why its our favorite. The food is fresh and delicious!! The prices are reasonable to afford us to go at least once a week. I tried Kabab Je from a friend recommendation. My friend Jeff and I always talk about food and we recommend places to each other. Since then I have recommended and taken many of my friends to Kabab Je. The owner Yassar makes you feel at home when you walk in the door. His staff is so courteous and polite. Everything is so good. Our favorites are falafel, hummus, pickles, spicy house salad, grape leaves, tabouleh salad, lentil soup and of course their puff pitas! Some of their desserts are flown in. They are busy for a reason. Go there, you will not be disappointed.
5	Let me start off by first stating, I've been in the high-end restaurant industry for 19+ years as a waiter, trainer and General Manager. I managed Mangia, a Mediterranean restaurant on Madison Ave., in NYC.  Kabab has, without question, some of the BEST Lebanese and Mediterranean dishes I've had, EVER! The dolmas / dolmades, falafel and baba-ghanoush where all amazing!  And to make our evening even better than the food... Our waiter, Heny (hope I spelled that right).  He knows the menu like the pros do in high-end establishments. He's attentive, helpful and respectful to his guests needs.  There is no doubt we'll be spreading the news about this place and be back... soon!
5	Finally some great ethnic food in matthews!!! Hubby and I love this place.  My favs include their baba ghanoush and their fatoush salad with some kind of schwarma meat.  Their pita bread is the best! It's freshly made :-) hubs loved the sandwiches there.  Don't forget their terrific service.
5	Knowledgeable, attentive staff that helps you understand menu items you may not have tried before. Wonderful fresh ingredients and flavors!  The fried cauliflower appetizer is a must.
5	HOW LUCKY WE ARE TO HAVE THIS RESTAURANT!Very very good food for the Queen City. Very obvious that the owner was making personal rounds on a busy Friday night to all the tables. The guy clearly has down this before.Everything was excellent.ONE THING TO KNOW: BYOB or BYOW. They DO NOT have a liquor license. Best bet: Get a good cheap bottle at Costco.
5	Came back for Lunch, and was equally impressed today. Was seated quickly, with a small child. I ordered the Spicy Lebanese Salad w/Chicken shawarma.... For $8.95, it was a very generous lunch portion. Honestly could be shared among 2 folks. My wife got the 4-Appetizer extreme, and was happy too.The pita bread here is freshly baked, which you'll know as soon as you taste it.The wait staff very helpful w/ordering, and professional.We were so impressed, we picked up gift certificate for close friends afterwards.
5	I have been here quite a few times. What a great place. The food is authentic, consistent and delicious. The servers and the owner are extremely friendly and helpful.
5	We were visiting from out of town and wanted non processed real food for me and my 2 boys. The wait staff was over the top nice and very helpful pointing out what everything on the menu was. Large portions, REAL food that was filled with different flavors that even my ultra picky 8 year old liked. The kabab platters are large enough for you to share with a smaller child. My 14 year old ate the whole beef kabab platter and half of 2 appetizers and a slice of chocolate cake. Next time we come back to Matthews, NC we will eat here again!
5	I love this restaurant. I must provide a caveat. I have searched everywhere for Pistachio Baklava and they have it! Besides that they have the best hummus, falafel, and tabouli I have had in Charlotte. Oh, and I can't forget to mention the fresh, hot pita bread. Yum! So glad I found this restaurant!
5	Can't believe I've just discovered this place. Swung thru looking for something to eat before going to best buy for help, happened to see the restaurant and decided to give it a try. Sat right away and our waiter was over quickly. Henny was fantastic! Extremely polite and friendly, answered all our questions and then some. We had the hummus appetizer which was delicious, pita was hot and fresh out of the oven.  I had the meat shawarma sandwich, more like a wrap but delicious. Had pickles and roasted tomato which was surprisingly fantastic in there.  My husband had the falafel sandwich and really enjoyed that as well. We saw them making the falafel while we ate, pretty interesting hand forming. We got dessert to go and haven't tried it yet. Everything looked and tasted very fresh. So happy to have found it and that is so close!!
5	Best Mediterranean food I've had in Charlotte! Service is amazing. Attentive and friendly; it felt like I was visiting someone's home who took pride in serving me his food. Prices are great.  Tonight's special was LAMB SHANK with almond brown rice and braised vegetables for $10.95. Felt like a high end plate that could've cost $18. The pick 4 veggie platter, also $10.95, had many options to choose from but our waiter allowed me a choice from the appetizer menu not even in the veggie listing. Very accommodating. The PATATAS HARRAS were perfectly crispy, but light on the garlic. However, do yourself a favor and add a side of GARLIC SAUCE. It is so lemony and amazingly delicious! I could've eaten it plain. It made everything even better. The HUMMUS was smooth and creamy with just the right amount of salt. And the best part is that it comes with a freshly baked poufy pita. The FALAFEL, while a bit softer on the inside than I usually prefer, had great exterior crunch and very good flavor. We also tried the FRIED CAULIFLOWER, which is tossed with tahini and nice, but next time I'll try Tabbouleh or their version of baba ghanoush for a little more flavorful options.MANAKISH CHEESE AND ZAATAR was interesting and I'm glad I tried it, but it was a bit greasy and limp for my tastes. I ended the meal with a PISTACHIO BAKLAVA, which is not made in house, but comes from the finest baklava bakery in the US (Shatila). I prefer Shatila's finger baklava, as it has more crunch than typical, but it was still a nice ending to the meal. I wish that Kabab Je weren't so far from where I live because I'm going to be making the trek for this food often.
5	Words can't explain the taste that I enjoy every time I visit this place , Guys you are friendly awesome . The Owner such presentable and professional man running this business with a warm welcome and attention to details.Thank you Khaldoun Jaber
5	This place is the best middle eastern restaurant in Charlotte without a doubt. The bakery in the middle of the restaurant with their food display is amazing. You know the food will be amazing when you have a lot of middle eastern people eatingthere.We ordered a bunch of things. warm grape leaves, baba ghanouj, zatar, mixed grill and a cauliflower sandwich. The baba ghanouj was just fantastic. I really could taste the smoke inside it. They served this with a huge freshly made whole pita bread. Gosh I dont think I have ever eaten pita bread that tasted better! The grape leaves were great. Quite a different flavor fromthe other places where i have eaten grape leaves. It had this pickled taste. Zatar was ok. But we had too much food and took mostof the zatar home. Mixed grill was great. The side of rice and vegetables was sublime. I have no idea how they made the veggies taste that good. Cauliflower sandwich was ok. I just wanted to try something different and ordered it. I would thinkthe falafel would be better for vegetarians. The service was crazy good. The waiter was super attentive and seemed to genuinely want to make ur meal super pleasant. Cant wait to go back and try more things on the menu.
5	I was there for lunch. Great and prompt service. I had  falafel sandwich with a side of garlic sauce. I also had a tabbouleh salad. The only negative was that the tabbouleh salad had a bit too much tomato. Their prices were very reasonable.
5	Best falafel around! I used to always go to Jerusalem Cafe, but their service sucks. I was so happy that Kebab Je Rotisserie opened. The batata hara, mutabel, and baba ganoush is delish...and the service is awesome. My family's new fav in Matthews!
5	Doesnt get any better. Wife is from Detroit the middle eastern capital and we both rave about food. We go about 3 times a month. It has gotten much busier in recent months. I recommend the fatoush fof starters lamb kabob( and i am normally not a lamb person) with basmati rice and veggies. The steaming hot pita with garlic spread is incredible.
4	We tried many dishes today since this was our first time eating at Kabab Je.  A Lebanese friend recommended it  to us.  We tried falafel, kibbeh, meat pies, and stuffed grape leaves.  All were delicious!  The waitress was very friendly and knowledgeable about all the dishes.  She was very attentive and check on us often.  We look forward to going back.
5	Some of the best Mediterranean food I've had in NC.  It's a very cute restaurant with an open kitchen and counters filled with the neatest salads, desserts, finger foods, etc.  We came for lunch and it was pretty busy but we did not have to wait for a table.  They have indoor and outdoor seating which is really nice.  We sat indoors because it was a bit hot outside.  Our waiter was incredibly helpful, well-spoken and he brought us samples of the shawarma--which we had to try after Robert Downey Jr seemed so interested in it in the movie The Avengers (we had never tried it).  It was so good!  They have excellent hummus, salads are perfection, and if you don't get the pita bread you are seriously going to regret it!  We had the cauliflower sandwich, shawarma sandwich, falafal and salad, all were tasty.  We will definitely be back!
5	Great job Yelp!  We visited this location because of the reviews.The appetizers 5 stars:  We tried the Hummus Shawarma, Labneh, and Eggplant El Rahib.  They were awesome.  The fresh bread that came with it was exquisite.  Although on our second visit, the over was down and we didn't have fresh pita bread.  Get a second over because the fresh pita bread is a strong selling point.The meals went from 3.5-5 stars.  The Kebab was ok.  I would give it 3.5 stars.  The lamb special on the other hand was amazing and deserves a 5.  Unfortunately they don't have that all the time.  We had some of their sandwiches as well and they were around 4 stars.On average I would give it a 4-4.5 stars, but I bumped it to 5 because they are consistently good.
5	I love the chicken kabob with the garlic sauce.  Most recently we had the mixed veggie dinner and the mixed kabob dinner and everything was fantastic.  We have been twice in the last month and it will be a regular for our eat out choices!
5	The food is legit! We had the cucumber yogurt and it was wonderful. No watery, American style yogurt here. It's the thick and creamy stuff you get abroad. Flavored with fresh dill and mint! Refreshing and a great "table sauce" for most of the dishes on the menu. The rest of the food is fresh also. You can watch them make most things if you sit inside. However, the outdoor seating is my preference (on cooler days). There's a nice view of the fountain, which is nice for a walk around after you finish eating. We didn't try the desserts this trip, but they looked very good. I know good baklava so I'm going to put it to the test next visit.
4	Food was very good and fairly priced! They need to get a soda fountain. Other than that it was great! Loved my server.
5	This has turned into our favorite go to restaurant in the Charlotte area.  The food is fantastic.  My wife and I always end up ordering the same thing everytime....baba ghanoush w/fresh pita bread, fattoush salad w/chicken, and meat shawarma.  The salad is large enough for us to share.  The owner, Yasser, is so generous and caring.  He is always looking out to make sure that everyone is comfortable and taken care of.  We usually get Henny as our waiter...and he is also very attentive and very polite.  If you're looking for a new Mediterranean/Lebanese restaurant to go to....you can't go wrong here!
5	After many tries I have officially found the best Lebanese restaurant in Charlotte because it really can't get better than this unless you go back in time to my Sittee's (that's grandmother in Lebanese) kitchen. We ordered the Chicken Shawarma, Hummus, Babaganoush, Tabouleh, Falafal and Patata Harra. The fresh made out the oven Syrian bread was beyond what I could have imagined. The taste, texture, temperature, service, environment, music... Kebab-Je in Matthews has it all and make sure you try the authentic imported Shatila desserts like the walnut baklava or rose water rice pudding with pistachios and cinnamon, it was seriously unbelievable...
5	It takes every ounce of willpower not to grab the hummus serving spoon and lick it clean. This food is deeeelish. Best hummus, falafel, fresh hot pita, great meats, and super tabouli. Appetizer portions are generous.  Moussaka worth a try.
5	The service was great and the food was delicious! We will definitely be coming back again :-)
5	I have been here twice now, and it is quickly turning into one of my favorite restaurants in Charlotte. The menu is reasonably priced, the service is super-friendly, and the food is Delicious (with a capital D). The falafels are probably the best I've ever had, and the hummus tastes light and creamy. Plus they have a beautiful selection of baklavas to finish off your dining experience.
2	First time I went here I went during Ramadan and had the lamb shank special which was excellent. The portion was very large for only 10.5 and the meat was tender and flavorful, although mild and spices the lamb itself was tender and flavorful. The service was great as well. I went again last night and the food was pretty average or even bad. The shwarma on the vertical rotisserie looked very tempting so I ordered beef and lamb shawarma entree unfortunately the meat was so dry and tough it was approaching beef jerky texture and dryness. The vegetable medley that comes with it was also extremely bland.  Had to soak it in lemon juice and salt and garlic sauce in order to get the entire meal down. Again the service was excellent so at least they're consistent in that department but I doubt I will go back given that shawarma is my favorite Middle Eastern food and theirs is horrible.
2	While several dishes were very good i.e. falafel and hummus, twice we have been burned by entrees. A roast chicken was obviously reheated and came out with a rubberlike texture and a beef shwarma was as tough as Tupperware.The kitchen has quality control issues but hopefully is talented enough to remedy them in the future.
5	First time here the fresh pita was so very good.  The cucumber salad was great and the humus was amazing.  Very nice place to eat.
5	Neighborhood gem. Service was friendly prompt and attentive. The bread was fresh out of the oven. We had. Minced chicken kabob and a lamb kabob. Both came with rice and veggies. We took food home. A lot of natives who must be regulars were eating as well - always a good sign to me. Overall we were very satisfied and will return
5	An amazing experience!  Had the Mixed Grill with tabouleh & potato harra.  Lamb was well seasoned, service was quick & friendly plus great bread.
5	Glad we found this place. Food was great, the service was great. Food was full of flavor and the fresh pita bread was amazing. Definitely will be going back!
5	Love the place and food. Service is great. Staff is very friendly and well mannered. At weekends it's very busy. We tried mixed grill, minced chicken kabob and da sandwiches. Little bit expensive but still good.
5	Great new find! Service was outstanding and very attentive. The Hummus was amazing along with meat shawarma sandwich with rice. A cute decor and gets busy for lunch. I will for sure be visiting more often. Ask for recommendations and you can't go wrong. They know their stuff and serve a great meal!
5	I'm not sure I remember any of the names of the food we ordered but I can tell you everything was delicious. The service is superb. I wish I could I remember our  server's name but really everyone was so kind and pleasant that I just had the best experience at this little restaurant. I definitely recommended it. They even made me a smiley face pita bread =) Amazing food and the best service.
5	I think Kabab Je could be my new obsession, I can't wait to return to try more menu items!  When I was leaving I saw beautiful, lamb and chicken shawarma on the rotisserie, I kind of wanted to sit back down and order more!My favorite surprise was the Musakaa, usually I've had it kind of layered and thick, this was served soupy in a bowl with chickpeas.  Yes, please!  And the bread!  Their bread is made to order in a wood fire oven.  I will make the trek just for that heavenly bread!You can brown bag it!!!  BYOB $10 corking fee for wine/ .50 per beer!
4	Looking for a decent lunch place in Matthews is like trying to find hen's teeth.  I had about given up on the local lunch scene until today.  Because I follow a somewhat healthy diet (lots of protein, nothing fried or breaded) means the abundance of Matthew's fast food restaurants is out.  I was pleasantly surprised when I visited Kabab-je for lunch today.  I ordered the Shawarma entre plate that came with saffron rice and vegetables.  My co-worker got the vegetable plate.  Both portions were HUGE.  I probably was given 8-10oz of deliciously-prepared meat/lamb.  The service was also prompt and the restaurant was clean.  I had water to drink and my bill came out to $14, a bit more than I'd like to pay for a weekday lunch.  This place would have got 5 stars from me if they offered lunch size entre portions at a smaller cost.
5	Fantastic restaurant all around. Great menu with a wide variety of appetizers, entrees, and desserts. Love that you can look at the chefs preparing the food and that they have many of their desserts and other food displayed for you to see. By far the best Lebanese food you will get in Charlotte. Friendly staff and great management. I recommend the hummus and pita appetizer, it's the best hummus and pita I have every had! Love the kebabs, meat pies, lentil soup, and basmati rice. Highly recommend!
