5	This restaurant is absolutely amazing!! The food is fantastic and they have an excellent beer and  wine selection. The atmosphere is fun and the staff is friendly and extremely helpful. I'm going to recommend Cornish Pasty Co. to everyone I know.
5	The food here is excellent! I was surprised at how many different types of pastys they offered, I got the pesto chicken and it was delicious! The crust was perfect, and the filling was generous. My daughter got the rosemary steak pasty and she loved it! The staff was very friendly and attentive. They also have a very big selection of beers...I will definitely be back to the Cornish Pasty Co!
5	So happy this place now open! I know I would never get sick of the menu.. The Reuben is my favorite! Great ambiance and love the music.. Has a unique beer selection too! Bring anyone, any age, there's something they'll love offered ;)
5	My favorite place!! Good food. Good drinks and good people. My husband loves the Mexican pasty. I always love the side dishes. There homemade baked bread is to die for. So yummy. I also love there regular oven chips, broccoli and cauliflower bake, mushy peas w/ a side of sour cream. There side salads with pesto dressing is delicious. I always save room for their Banoffee pie. It's the best dessert ever. They slice fresh banana on top. I was also told you can ask for fresh strawberries too. Defiantly going to try that next time. Do yourself a favor Vegas and go check this tasty place out. You won't be sorry.
5	The food is amazing! Ask any of the staff for their favorites and you won't be let down. They also have lots of vegetarian choices and even some vegan ones! The draught beer selection is tops and the bottled beer is awesome too! As a bonus in my book... There are no TV's or gaming to distract you. This is a great place to meet with friends and have an actual conversation to catch up over savory and original food. Save room for dessert. I highly suggest the STP or Banoffe Pie.
5	Good stuff! Friendly, bright staff, owners on site in a nicely redone space next to Komol at Commercial Center. Great center bar surrounded by custom made benches. Very nicely done old school pub feel with great bluesy rock tracks played in the background  at a decent volume. We sampled all four soups made in house, and recommend them all. Comes with housemade bread and butter too. The pasty choices are numerous and we couldn't decide, so we started at the top with the original Oggie. Steak, potato and rutabaga in a pastry crust baled to perfection with a red wine sauce that pops nicely. One cup of soup and one pasty shared between us and we didn't have room for dessert. Total 12.97 - just try to beat that.
5	Just went today with a few friends to have everyone try what I've been raving about since I've been to the location in az. This venue did not disappoint. Good service. Very friendly. The food was as delicious as I could remember. I had the Mexican. That is by far my favorite. If you have space after, the banofee pie is delicious. Definitely a must try if you're in Vegas.
5	I made a mistake. I ordered the Lamb Vindaloo Pasty. It was phenomenal! They have such a large menu of choices that I would have liked to try a bunch-but I can't image any others tasting better! YUM! It seems to be all ages (restaurant, non-smoking). Their is a beer and wine bar in the middle. Great place I will be coming here often! Most Pasties average $9.00 each, and they are filling! Wine is $6.50 a glass and Draft Beers are about $5.00 and up depending on brand and size.
5	A friend gave me a heads up on this this place and we dropped in for a late lunch to check it out.  We ordered beers and then I had the Oggie pasty and the wife had the Shepard's Pie.  When we saw our dishes we planned to eat half each and take the other half home for supper but once we got started we knew we were going all in.  Both dishes were simply excellent.  We added some strawberry/kiwi thing for dessert to finish it up.  Great food, fair pricing, hip interior, and our server was attentive, professional, and knowledgable about the food.  Well done.Bonus:  We are Vegas locals and the quirky location and understated exterior make this a perfect place to take out-of-town guests, who tend to love off-Strip spots like this.  We will be back.
5	This place is great!! We've been waiting for months for it to open (that sign being out front for so long has been the biggest tease!). It was totally worth the wait. We went in around dinnertime yesterday evening, and there were several super personable guys working.We got a couple of draught beers (they've got some great craft selections, & a few are local) and chose the Oggie and the Royale with Cheese (tee hee!) pasties. The red wine gravy is SO good, and their ranch is also better than most ranches (it's gotta have buttermilk in it). The pasties themselves are enormous, at least for me, since I can't eat a ton in one sitting. I took half of mine (the Royale) home, while my dude scarfed his in its entirety.The joint itself isn't big, but feels homey, and slightly hipster, which works for it in this case and isn't annoying or detracting. (Man, there was a lot of flannel being worn in there, too!) Kind of feels like a place you'd find in Portland. Oh, and if one of the guys behind the bar looks familiar, you've probably seen him checking IDs at Atomic. :)Summary: Hip, casual, comfortable, friendly, and delicious!
5	Having just moved here from Phoenix, AZ my Husband and I were SO excited to see that Cornish Pasty was coming to Las Vegas. So we finally decided to stop by last night.I had a very fleeting thought that "What if it wasn't as good as the Tempe location? Oh no!" But those fears were instantly diminished upon entering the establishment. The staff was very, very friendly. The dark lighting and the bar style seating with simple wood benches for the tables is pretty similar to that of Tempe. I felt like I was home again. As for the food, it was just simply amazing as always. I have never gone to a Cornish Pasty location and been disappointed. I ordered my favorite the Lovely bit of Salmon, it is served with a dill sauce on the side. The pasty itself is just great, but combined with the dill sauce is an experience. My husband ordered his favorite the Royal with Cheese and upon taking the first bite his eyes lit up like a little kids. (he always orders this with a couple sides of the red wine gravy although it does not come with it)We actually ordered to go and ate the pastes in bed, lol. You just really cannot go wrong ordering anything off of the menu here. They have a great list of draft and bottled beers as well. So excited to see this establishment expanding!
5	I had eaten at the Cornish in Tempe az, so I couldn't wait for this to open! I strongly recommend this place. Will not disappoint!
4	I haven't had a pasty since I lived in the East.  I used to buy them from churches that had sales and sometimes I made my own.  Let me say that none of the purchased nor homemade were as good as the ones I bought today.I was in the area--deliberately--today and I stopped and asked about whether it would be OK to purchase a part baked pasty at 1 and leave it in the refrigerator until late in the afternoon and then bake it.  No problem, I was told.  A couple of hours later, after my Chinese New Year photo op was complete, I came back and got two Oggies, part baked, to bring home.  While waiting, my order taker, Alexis, asked if I wanted water or something else.  I got a diet Coke.  Before I knew it, she was back with a nice little bag with the wrapped pasties ready to go.  The Oggie has small steak chunks, thinly sliced potatoes, rutabaga, and onion all wrapped in this wonderful pastry.  I saw them put a tray of pasties into the oven and I wish I had been where I could have gotten a photo.There was a miscommunication or simple forgetfulness, but I didn't get any red wine gravy with the pasties.  I asked about that before I Ieft, one of the men at the bar said that it would be in there--pointing to my bag.  Were it not for that small slip, I would have given Cornish Pasty a full 5 stars.  Regardless, the pasty was fantastic!  It was wrapped beautifully and the baking directions were on the wrapper where I couldn't miss it.Since this is in the Sahara Commercial Center, I have a feeling I'll be stopping here for some pasties before shows at the Onyx Theatre nearby.  It's also a quick meal to make on those days when you don't want to slave over the hot stove.  Also, you can get ANY pasty part baked, not just the Oggie!What a great find!  Thank you fellow Yelpers for cluing me into this new place!
5	Before coming here I had no idea what a pasty was. After going I cannot stop talking about them! The food is amazing and the service was just as great! Thank you Felipe for taking such good care of us on opening night. First off, what in the world is a pasty? For someone as ignorant as myself in the foodie world it is a FANCY A$$ HOT POCKET. I know. You are having thoughts of how disgusting a food hot pockets are. They are. However, a pasty is so much more. First and foremost it is super filling. I really could have just eaten half and taken the rest home for lunch the next day, but I literally COULD NOT STOP EATING IT! I tried to stop. Then my craving got worse. I started taking parts of pasties from the other guests at my table. Second, it is filled with quality ingredients. Whether it be peppered steak bits of chicken and artichokes, these fillings are amazingly put together and perfectly seasoned. Third, NO MICROWAVES! They are baked goodness that comes from the heavens. What did I have to make me crumble at the knees like this? Well my little heart broke opening night since I wanted to try the Oggie (the traditional pasty) which includes steak, potatoes, onion and rutabaga (swede) With a side of red wine gravy or ketchup. We did come pretty late so I had to make a decision fast. I opted for the Pesto Chicken. Marinated chicken breast, mushrooms, artichokes, fresh mozzarella and pesto with a side of marinara came to the table. All of this wrapped up neatly in a flaky outer crust. I don't even know how to begin because it was all a blur after that. I devoured this thing. There was very little talking at our table as we were all busy consuming our pasties as well as protecting them from each other. For dessert we all (four of us) shared a Chocolate Bread and Butter Pudding. It was plenty enough after our dinner. It is a square of homemade bread baked in chocolate brandy sauce. We had it with a side of ice cream The crunchy outside perfectly complimented the hot and soft center. All in all it was a total success. The prices are amazing for the quality and love that goes into preparing the food. I simply cannot wait to go again.
4	After seeing a sign on the door for what felt like three years, Cornish Pasty is finally open and ready for business.  And the best news?  They have tons of vegetarian options!Located in the same plaza as Thai staples Komol and Lotus of Siam, Cornish Pasty is a smaller space but cozy and inviting.  Think of it as a local pub with lots of good food.Speaking of food, we ate a ton of it.  I started off with the Cream of Leek, Potato, and Stilton soup (fyi: this is vegetarian/no chicken stock).  The cup is a good portion, and served with two large pieces of homemade bread and homemade butter.  It's a steal for $3.50.  Although I really enjoyed it, the Stilton cheese it might make the soup a little salty for some people.  As for the pasties, I wanted something more traditional and ordered the Cheese and Onion.  It tasted great and everything was cooked well, but I couldn't bring myself to use the ketchup or marina that came with it.  My husband had the Veggie Chicken Tikka Masala and his was really good as well.  There was a nice blend of spices and it came with a side of mint-yogurt dressing that we both enjoyed.  Cornish Pasty also offers a decent beer selection and a 14-oz will set you back $6. I loved the atmosphere here and all the employees were laid-back and friendly.  Cornish Pasty would even make a good spot just to grab a few drinks for an evening.  I can't speak for the authenticity of the food (which is questionable considering they offer a Mexican pasty), but I do know that I enjoyed what I ordered. The pasties are large and filling so make sure to bring your appetite!Note to Vegetarians: They use Quorn in about half of their veggie pasties.  While being a popular meat-alternative in the UK, this was the first time my husband and I have ever had it.  I found it to be pretty much the same as most other faux-meats.  I'm sure they could leave it out of the pasties if you asked them.Note to Vegans: According to their menu, they offer at least two vegan pasties daily.  Note to Omnivores: If my vegetarian pasties tasted awesome, you have nothing to worry about.  And may I suggest trying a vegetarian pasty?
5	SO MUCH YUM! I almost wish this place wasn't so close to my work and so good because now I'm tempted to go there often! Girls working were super friendly and again... the food was AMAZING. Hope to see more locations open up in Vegas.
4	Food to make any Rennie swoon with delight. There is a great mixture of the exotic and traditional in pasty form. I went traditional with the Cottage with ground beef; it also comes in a lamb and mint variation. The end all and be all of any meat pie (or any pie for that matter) is the crust. Cornish Pasty Co. nails it. Light and flaky but sturdy enough to make my pasty an acutal hand held wonder. Flavorful and filling. Loved the red wine gravy that accompanied my pasty. I'm not usually a gravy/sauce type person; however, the red wine gravy was a great accent to my meaty/potato-y goodness...and it still worked as a hand held food. (I just drizzled my gravy over the bite I was about to take.)You have to try the mushroom, walnut, spinach soup. Absolutely awesome. I know, as adventuresome as I am, the walnuts threw me for a loop. I shouldn't have worried at all. The walnuts gave a nice crunch to my mushroom soup without detracting from the mushroom flavor. I know the spinach was there because of the color but again, no distortion of taste to the mushroom. The soups are touted as being made from scratch, I believe them. Yummy, hot, and partnered with two slices of chewy soft bread. Oh, so good. I can't wait to make a return trip. So many pastys to try, not to mention some very interesting desserts. Also, a nice line up of Vegetarian and Vegan pastys are available. An absolute great perk? Cornish Pasty Co. is easy on the budget. My tab, along with a refreshing glass of Crispin's Cider under $20. Definitely doable.
4	I've never had a pasty before, but some friends took me here.Walking in, the place has a certain cozy charm. It is pretty small, a bar in the center with tables around the outside.So a pasty is like a calzone or an empanada, basically just a meat pie. The ones here are pretty big and filling.I ordered the lamb vindaloo, because that sounded good and spicy. I found it to have good flavor, and it was well prepared, looking very appetizing.However, it was so large that by the end of it I was pretty sick of it. If you want to try out any of the more exotic pasties I would recommend going with a friend and each of you tries half of one.I also had oven baked fries topped with jalapenos, and they were pretty good.Noticed that they had a few soups on the menu that all sounded good, but I had already ordered a pretty big meal so I didn't get to try.I am sure I will be back to this place.
5	This place is awesome!  If you've never had a pasty, think of it as a huge empanada.  If you've never had an empanada, think of it as the biggest and best gourmet hot pocket ever...and maybe think about trying some new restaurants :)Choices, choices, choices!!  So many fillings to try.  My wife got the Veggie Chicken Tikka Masala.  Their faux meat of choice is a British brand called Quorn.  It's not as firm as Gardein but blended really well with the curried sauce, potatoes, peppers and had great texture.  I got the Veggie Cottage Pie (Quorn vegetarian ground beef, peas, carrots, grilled onions, mashed potatoes and cheddar. With a side of HP sauce.) that really hit the spot as it was savory and just got better bite after bite.  We also got to see the guys make a set of pasties by the bar and it looked as homemade as you could get.  I'd say this would be an ideal place for lunch but you'd be seriously missing out on one major thing...their beer list!!  That is unless you can get away with being buzzed and having beer breath at work.  If that's the case, please PM me your work address so I can apply.  There are a ton of great beers from Joseph James to Chimay to a lot of British brands I have never heard of.  I got a beer that tasted like banana bread.  The bartender told me he didn't like it, my wife hated it, I loved it!!!Then there's the whole atmosphere...really cool!  No video poker at the bar.  No TV anywhere!  The Cure and Sex Pistols blaring from the speakers.  Very refreshing!  Check out the menu: http://www.cornishpastyco.com/menu/
4	Came here with my friend after an event, and still kind of hungry. Located in the center of the commercial center area, next to the Tokyo Japanese Restaurant. Apparently this place is super popular in AZ and since it opened in Vegas, we decided to try itThe interior decor is like a normal bar, dark with the bar in the middle, tables surrounding except with an open-style kitchen. The seats are the unusual thing. its like.. formed to your butt. well at least mine anyway... apparently it was uncomfortable for my friends (small) XDSince we weren't really hungry, and the waiter said each of these pasties were dense and weighed like a pound each, we opted to get 1, and share. Then dessert afterwards (as per recommendation on yelp xD) Since this was our first time, we ordered "The Oggie" which was their traditional pasty, which had steak, potatoes, onion and rutabaga (type of turnip), with a side of red wine gravy. When the pasty came, it was already split in half, on two plates (+1!). I tried picking up my half.. indeed it is heavy and pretty dense. but the pastry crust looks sooooo good !  the inside was filled with the ingredients i had listed before... there was a LOT of potatoes, and not that much steak in my half. The red wine gravy was nice, a little sour like you'd expect from a sauce reduction made with red wine. The crust was super good and flaky. not too buttery. For me, i would have preferred the filling to be a little more seasoned. Seemed a little plain for me, even drenching it in the red wine gravy. As for dessert, we had got the Banoffee subbing the bananas for strawberries (my friend doesnt like bananas). Its a very simple dessert, made with a sugarless heavy whipped cream, cut fruit, a crushed graham cracker crust on the bottom, and a homemade caramel. Not being a fan of caramel, but this was actually surprisingly good. Since its a different type of caramel, it wasnt sticky, like sticky to the teeth or roof of your mouth. Took my head quite a while to wrap around the concept... simplicity and different, but good. My friend thoroughly enjoyed it, after slightly struggling to finish her half of the pasty. For those who want to try something different, i recommend trying this. quite inexpensive too. $5? good to share with. Overall, not bad. I'd like to come back and try their other pasties. Something with a stronger flavor like bangers or spicy asiago chicken or the reuben.. *stomach rumbles while finishing this...) dang if only it wasnt so far ! XD
5	We saw this restaurant a few nights ago while eating at a Thai place next door. We wondered what it was. We were at a convention and I ran into a friend from Arizona that recommended it, especially when he heard we had a vegetarian in our group. It was an excellent recommendation.I had a hard time deciding which item to order since it all looked so good. I ended up ordering an Italian, chips, and the leek soup. The leek soup was absolutely perfect. I know when I go home,I'll crave this. Alas, I live thousands of miles away. The Italian pasty great,  but not as good as the soup. The whole meal was good and l liked the atmosphere.It seemed like a very cool place and I'm glad we found it. This place is definitely worth trying. The vegetarian options were plentiful and were very tempting.
5	This place is really good! The pasty's are amazing....especially the Carne Adovada.  The staff is cool....seats are wack! Try the Shirley Temple dessert if you have room!
5	had the cajun chicken pasty..so delish! great place to eat!
4	Very, VERY solid addition to Eastern Las Vegas.  It's blowing up on yelp, and I can see why.  First of all, if you haven't ever had a pasty, get over here.  They are large pocket sandwiches stuffed with all kinds of ingredients.  They are large and they are FILLING.  I had lunch at CPC on a Monday.  The place wasn't crowded at all, but a couple of tables came in after I sat down.  It has a nice combo of 2 top tables and large booths, plus about 16 seats at the bar.  I had the meat and cheese, which is pork/sage sausage with swiss and cheddar cheeses.  At $9.00, this is a great value considering the ingredients and size of the meal.  The crust was buttery and flaky and browned perfectly.  They clearly have the cooking of these things down.  The pasty was full, no bite was without meat and cheese.  The cheese was melty and the sausage was juicy.  It was a winner without sauces, but they offer you sauces!  I couldn't decide, so my server gave me both the cream mustard and the red wine gravy.  I liked both, but the mustard was the winner.  It was like a milder Dijon, and added so much to the sandwich.  I think the gravy needed to reduce a bit more to make it thicker and cook out a little more of the red wine flavor.I got the side of garlic mashed potatoes with cheddar cheese.  I thought this was a normal sized side dish, and I was mistaken.  It was easily enough for 2, probably 3.  I liked the potatoes, they were as advertised:  garlic, potatoes, and cheese.  Simple and quality.  I got the wife the rosemary steak and oven fries to go.  Fortunately, when she ate, I got bites of both dishes.  The rosemary steak was again packed full of ingredients.  I may be mistaken, but I think it was even larger than the one I ate, which was huge.  The rosemary and potatoes make the pasty fantastic, it's basically a meal in and of itself.  The oven fries were long and crisp, simply seasoned with salt and pepper.  This is another large side dish, easily shareable.  The dishes I took to go were hot and fresh when my wife ate, no loss of quality.Overall, this is a cool joint.  Friendly service, and the food was great.  Good addition to Vegas.
5	Really good food and very authentic. The Oggie pasty was amazing loved that it had rutabaga/suede. They have so many flavors will def be returning. The oven chips and leek and Stilton soup are def worth a return trip for. Service was excellent and very helpful esp with beer menu as there were many I've never heard of or tried..Crabbies ginger beer was a great find I'm going to be buying some for my fridge ASAP. Ask for Maddie she was great :)!
5	I had no idea what a "pastie" was prior to eating here but my wife saw this place and immediately exclaimed that we had to go here, I have to say I am so glad we did! The food is so fresh and delicious! Who knew that a little pocket sandwich could have so much flavor! And their soups are amazing! I had the Potato leak soup as a starter and opted for just a cup full but I could have easily eaten 2 bowls in one sitting! Everything here just tastes amazingly fresh! For dinner I got the chicken pot pie pastie and my wife got the Shepard pie and wow was it good. Besides the food the servers were so nice and friendly and atmosphere in the establishment is so cozy, the place is dimly lit to give it that warm feeling that pairs well with the food! I highly recommend this place and I will definitely return!
4	Cornish Pasty Co. is fantastic -I'm giving the long story short here. Driving into the old strip mall was fun unto itself. Took a left instead of a right, and ended up driving past The Green Door. " Ummmm...?? Where are we?!" Lol! We came in on a Sunday night and sat down right away. I noticed the bigger tables benches were actually church pews. We ordered beers all around and took a look at the menu. My English hubby was very excited to try this place obviously, so he took longest on deciding what he wanted. We ordered a vegetarian Greek, an Oggie, a Pilgrim, a Bangers & Mash, a Lamb Vindaloo, a side of mushy peas, and some oven chips. Tried their banoffee pie and the sticky toffee pudding for dessert. Everyone was very happy with their choices; so without boring you with wordy descriptions, you basically can't go wrong here! I took half my dinner home as I was so full. The desserts were ok, I'd likely pass next time. We're looking forward to coming back to try more things, as well as taking English friends and family when they're in town.  **Moment of caution on the lamb vindaloo... Its tasty, a tad spicy, and you'll smell the curry from your pores the day after. I went running this morning, and was confused as to why I was smelling curry....?  Haha!
5	I downloaded the yelp app just for this place. I'm already a fan and can't wait to come back. I enjoy eating vegan dishes when I'm dining out and I was pleasantly surprised that they had vegan options even though I didn't expect it at all. There's something for everyone.. Greek pasty's, Italian styled pasty's, Indian, traditional, and even vegan and vegetarian pasty options. I got the peanut butter and jelly to go.. I'm pretty excited about that one too. Two thumbs up.
5	I am upping my review to 5 stars.  I recently made my second stop here and got pasties for 2 dinners.  We had some that night and I froze the other two for a later day--today in fact--when I needed to have a good dinner done quickly.After volunteering for the National Park Service for 10 hours today, I came home tired and hungry.  I had taken the pasties out of the freezer, they were thawed, and in 20 minutes, I had a good dinner for the two of us.We have now tried the Oggie, a Cottage Pie, a chicken Alfredo, and a peppered steak.  Tonight's peppered steak had sirloin pieces, leeks, zucchini, and Stilton cheese.  The sauce was excellent.  My wife enjoyed her chicken Alfredo.The staff was super when I was there and I know this place will be on my stopping list often!
5	I grew up in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan. Pasties were a once-a-week meal for me my entire childhood - specifically the Oggie-style pastie (with ketchup). The Cornish Pasty Co. version of the Oggie is spot on, and better than the dozens that I get FedEx'd to my house over the holidays. The par-baked $6 version of the Oggie that they sell is very appealing. I will be buying them by the dozen - and locally - this is fantastic!Thank the food Gods for the Cornish Pasty Co. Great execution and made with love. Beautiful egg-brushed crust, and the perfect thickness with quality ingredients. Keep it up guys!
5	Great find. Tucked away in Commercial Center. The interior is quiet and comfortable. Major bonus points for having no TV's blaring. This is a place to have a real conversation over lunch and a beer. The service was super. They were very attentive.
4	First off, I should mention that I'm not the biggest fan of savory items baked in a crust, ie empanadas, pot pies, etc.  But I couldn't ignore my fellow Yelpers checking into this less than a month old establishment over on the Eastside and the raving reviews.Thanks to all the Yelpers who reviewed this before me, it definitely helped knowing exactly where they are located.  And where's that?  Commercial Center - Lotus of Siam and Green Door fame.  They are located next door to Komol, so keep driving and you'll find it there.  It doesn't look like much from the outside and I wasn't sure what to expect going in.  But we were pleasantly surprised to find the bar/counter seating with large and small tables around.  Because it was Superbowl Sunday, the place was empty so we had our pick of where to sit.  The waitress was so happy to see us come in since previous Sundays bring in a good lunch crowd.We started off with the Oven Chips with added Garlic "Hand cut British style chips, cooked in the oven, with cracked pepper and sea salt." ($3.75)  It came out piping hot with ketchup on the side.  The Husband was immediately intrigued by the soups and went for the Cream of Leek, Potato & Stilton (Cup $3.50). It came with homemade bread and butter.  We liked the blue cheese flavoring in the soup and the dense bread that accompanied it.The Husband chose a Signature and Traditional Pasty - The Oggie "Steak, potatoes, onion and rutabaga (swede) with a side of red wine gravy or ketchup." ($8.50)  He asked for a side of HP sauce too.  I got a little taste, but ultimately the Husband devoured all of it.  It's a pretty good size and for someone who drank most of the soup and finished the whole pasty, he was full!I chose a Premium Pasty - the Chicken Tikka Masala (Red Curry) "Marinated chicken breast, tikka masala sauce, green peppers and potatoes.  With a side of mint-yogurt dressing or tahini." ($9.00)  I'm always skeptical about getting chicken breast because of how dry it can be.  This was not the case at all!  It was super moist, tons of flavor, and just really good.  I ate half knowing that I would be hurting if I even tried to finish the other half.  (I did eat the other half the next day and it was just as good! The toaster oven couldn't heat it fast enough for me!)  What I really liked about their pasty is the ratio of filling to crust.  There's a lot of delicious filling and the crust isn't excessive or dried out.  Ultimately, just really good.I took a quick peek at their dessert menu and was bummed out that I was too full to order anything.  In retrospect, perhaps I would have split one pasty so I could order a dessert pasty too.  Nonetheless, we came back about four hours later and picked up a Strawberry Pavlova "Homemade crisp meringue shells, filled with freshly whipped cream, strawberries, kiwi fruit and grapes.  Finished with raspberry coule." ($6.00) to go.  It wasn't the most exciting to look at when you take it to go, but it was nice.  Next time I'm going for the Apple Caramel Pasty, Shirley Temple's Pudding, or Chocolate Bread and Butter Pudding since those seem a bit more unique.They offer a pretty extensive beer menu that had the Husband wishing he could sit awhile and have a drink.  Happy Hour is all day on Sundays from 3 pm to 6 pm and 10 pm to 12 am on the other days, which means $1 off beer and wine.  Mondays, Tuesdays, and Wednesdays also offer a special on the the certain alcoholic beverages.Overall, we are liking the pasties that the Cornish Pasty Company are offering and are happy to see them in Vegas.  We only wish they weren't so far away on the other side of town from us!
4	Pass-tea...not pasty as in nipple tassels or the other term for pale.Every time I come here there's always something I've set my taste buds on having but it's not available. One time, it was banana beer. Another time, it was chicken tikka Massala pasty.But the service makes up for it. The times that I've been here, the servers were very friendly and chatty. The recommend substitutes for what I want but they didn't have have been great. No banana beer, I got to try ginger beer. No chicken tikka Massala pasty, I got to try veggie tikka Massala pasty. Both of which I probably would've never tried.Crabbies Ginger Beer: From Scotland. Very sweet and a mild taste of ginger. Ginger is good for you. Sold by the bottle. 5/5Strongbow Hard Cider:Your typical apple cider. An apple a day, keeps the doctor away. On draft. 4/5Banana Beer:From England. This is hard to find even online. Total Wine is out of these beers until who knows when. Your neighborhood grocery store doesn't have this. It's super delicious. Like a banana dessert made better because it's beer. This is currently my favorite beer. Sold by the bottle. 5/5Veggie Tikka Massala Pasty:I love how I couldn't tell I was eating something vegetarian. I'm a huge carnivore so for me to like this is a big deal. The red curry taste was fantastic. Very filling. 4.5/5Chips with Garlic:Baked thick-cut fries...chips in English. They bake the garlic with the chips so you get a bit of a burnt garlic taste. I love garlic, period so it doesn't bother me. The chips are slightly crisp on the outside and soft and fluffy on the inside. Ketchup on the side. 4/5Chocolate Bread and Butter Pudding:You can get this with vanilla ice cream or Creme anglaise...or both. The bartender helped me decide between this and the PB&J pasty so you can guess which won out vote. Homemade bread, cream with alcohol. Slightly crisp edges. You can taste the alcohol. 3.5/5Strawberry Pavlova:The presentation is very pretty and impressive. I did not expect something so pretty to come from a pub. It has a meringue base, cream, kiwi slices, strawberry slices and halved grapes with raspberry coule. It's light, fruity and creamy. 4/5They have happy hour from 3-6pm and 10-midnight everyday and it's $1 off draft beer and wine. Mondays: 14oz cider for $3. Tuesdays: $1 off all bottled items. Wednesdays: $5 glass of wine. Sundays: happy hour all day. They have Rogue Hazelnut beer on draft - another favorite of mine. You can come here solo, with a friend or with a group - you'd never feel lonely.The bigger tables to the left of the entrance are church pews. Something about that that makes me feel guilty so I choose never to sit there. The bar is the perfect spot so you can watch them prepare pasties.
4	I have finally found my happy place: Banana Beer, bar seat, on a weeknight, solo.Walked into the dark and swanky-looking bar area, and immediately got myself a Wells Banana Bread Beer- fabulous start to my evening, highly recommend. I'm not even a beer person and I finished it before my food came out, and seriously considered another. It's more than I'd usually spend on a beverage ($6.50) but well worth it.Opted for the cream of leek soup  ($3 cup) and the Royale with cheese pasty ($9). Soup was smooth and creamy, flavor was pleasant and Stilton was pronounced. The bread and butter it's served with is delightful- thick, dense bread with plenty of smooth butter.  Pasty seemed to take a while, but it was worth it- stuffed full of beef, mushrooms, onions, and cheese, it really hit the spot. Gourmet Hot Pocket indeed. Crust was buttered and delicious without being too thick or getting gummy, stuffings were hot and complemented one another. Menu mentions several dips it can be served with, I didn't mention one in my order but was brought a dark reddish sauce- based on taste, I could not tell if it was a light house-made ketchup or an odd barbecue sauce, but either way I did not use much of it. Might suggest the Thousand Island as more complementary.Service was attentive, prompt,  and polite. Most of the staff is skinny white guys with tattoos and vintage clothing, and they're all surprisingly quiet but very sweet. Whoever's in charge of the music is great: went from Metric to bluesy country and it was all well-selected. Definitely coming back- tempted to chill at one of their smaller tables all weekend with a banana beer and a bunch of papers to grade. Want to try the rest of their soups, and quite a few of the pastys too- as good as my meal was, I think this is a place I'll constantly be trying new things rather than sticking to one dish.
4	What is a pasty?? and why was I pronouncing it paste-y like my skin, rather than past-ee like I am supposed to pronounce it?  Last Saturday night after the Rebels won a nailbaiter vs Boise State, we got a rita and some nachos at Paradise Cantina.  Then I decided we should continue dinner at Cornish Pasty Co. because it was nearby and everyone was rating it highly.We sat at the bar, which has some very cold barstools!!!  There is a purse hook underneath the bar which is a great feature.  Our server was very cool, did not catch her name.  I got iced green tea which was great.  Eric R. is still not on the black tea bandwagon and only likes hot green tea, so he stuck with water rather than get British black tea.I ordered the pilgrim (roasted turkey/chicken with grilled onions, stuffing, and sweet potato) served with red wine gravy and cranberry sauce (gelled, the best!) - and Eric R. got the chicken tikka masala with the mint yogurt sauce (tahini was the other option).  While we waited for our meals to be prepared, we watched a chef in front of us at the bar prepare the lamb vindaloo pasties (what I almost ordered, and will definitely get next time).  I was intrigued because the night before, I had learned how to make dumplings.  Now in front of my eyes, a chef was making essentially a giant dumpling, using egg wash instead of water to seal the dough but crimping it similarly!  I felt my parallel universes collide.Our pasties came out piping hot and cut in half.  Eric R. learned something new about me that he didn't know (and that is hard for a married couple): that I really like gelled cranberry sauce and even enjoy the canned one.  I never think about it though so I never buy it or talk about it!  The pilgrim was very delicious.  Eric R. asked to swap halves so we ended up eating each other's first halves.  The chicken tikka masala was very moist and the curry sauce was spot on.  Eric R. thought it was a tad too spicy for him which means mild for me :)  Then we started on our second halves and ended up switching plates entirely.  He really liked the red wine gravy and I was quite happy with the CTM.The vibe is cool and it was a hot spot just for people to drink while we were there.  It is located just north/left of Komol.  Whenever I go to Commercial Center, I will have to choose between Cornish Pasty, Komol, and Ma Dang...that is tough!  There is an extensive vegetarian menu too.  Cheers!
5	Alright, first I thought it was pastRy with an R. Then I was corrected and told that it was paste-y like the skin. Now I find out it's past-ee. Lol I'll never get the name right, but regardless, this place is so good. Don't let the run down plaza deter you from trying this place. It's right next to Komol with tons of parking so you can't miss it. Upon walking in, it's in the darker side but your eyes adjust eventually. There's little tables for the more intimate date, a bar to enjoy a few drinks and large tables with church pews to accommodate large groups. The skinny menu has a history lesson on the origin of the pasty. I felt more knowledgable after reading it. The menu has a large variety of pasties with or without meat, appetizers and a long beer list. You'll be reading it for a while. So far, I've tried one pasty with meat (pesto chicken) and one without meat (eggplant parmesan) and both have been delicious. They really put some thought as to what ingredients would taste good wrapped together with dough. And they did an amazing job. They are made fresh to order so they come out super hot so be careful. The crust is buttery and flaky. They are packed full so don't expect to finish the whole thing unless you're really hungry. Both times I've had to take the other half home for lunch the next day. You have to try this place ASAP. The next one on my list is the asiago chicken! Can't wait. P.S. Get the banana bread beer if it's available. You'll thank me later:)
4	With Bobby Y. recommendations four of us decided to check the place out. It was somewhat a cozy place with neat seating (church pews and metal molded seats...interesting).     As soon as we sat down, waitress told us their tap beers were down (drop one star). She was very helpful and helped made some suggestions. Awesome suggestions by the way!     Banana beer is a must. I tried the ginger beer which was very refreshing. A bit on the sweet side. Beer selection is great, but if your looking for wine, you have one choice of wine in each kind.     If you have never had a pasty, you gotta come a try. They are yummy! The choices of filling is very flavorful and the pastry wrap was flaky.    The dessert was very sweet. I can only take a couple bites. Maybe too sweet for me. Overall experience, will go back again to try the other beers and pasties!
5	Lord, I love this place.  I'm originally from the Tempe area where the first one was, and have been eating Pasties since 2005-2006. It's always been the place that my husband and I HAVE to go eat when we go to AZ to visit- so we were OVERJOYED that they decided to open up a place here! Service is great, we always sit at the bar and chat with the bartender.  Also, they have hooks to hold your purse, which is a huge plus. I love the pesto chicken, and have had multiple vegetarian pastys and they are so hearty, they definitely fill you up and you feel satisfied after your meal. Also, they are fast- we were in a rush last time and made it in and out of there in 20 minutes.
5	This place is great, I've had the steak and cheese, carne avoda (not sure of spelling) and the chicken portabella. Steak and cheese was my favorite. The pastry shell has the nice airy consistency of quality apple pie crust. The  staff are friendly and quick. It's not fast food the pasties are made on demand so it takes a few minutes which gives u time to sample their excellent beer selection. They're located in the weirdly amazing commercial center, a secret enclave of world class restaurants where Cornish pasty co will fit right in. I'm glad to have this new option in the neighborhood. The place is comfortable and unpretentious.  Note the pasties are a pretty good size so u might want to share if you're not starving. The layout is a large bar and open kitchen with dining tables around the outer perimeter of the bar.
5	Having lived in Tempe, AZ where Pasty originated, I was so thrilled they brought one to Vegas. It has all the components of what made the original location great - awesome beer selection, delicious food, and awesome staff. I highly recommend checking this place out if you are just looking for a relaxed place to enjoy a good drink and tasty snacks.
5	Hardcore solid stick-to-your-ribs meat-n-potatoes type food. Good on those cold winter nights....so get here fast before the weather turns. This food is a little heavy for summertime.On my first visit, I had spinach/walnut/mushroom soup, which was amaaaazing, and came with delicious homemade white bread. I'm not normally into bread, but this bread was tha shizz. Then I had the chicken tikka pasty, with the yogurt dipping sauce -- FABULOUS! On my next visit, I had the garlic oven chips (yums) and the Pilgrim pasty (Thanksgiving in a pasty...with cranberry on the side. TOTALLY kicks Capriotti's Bobbie's ass). YUMMM! On both visits, I enjoyed the fact that I could drink draft cider without feeling like a pussy -- I *hate* beer, but usually get sneered at for drinking cider. Not so at these British places; they know what's up. (They only serve beer and wine, no hard liquor).Prices are $3.50 for the soup cup, $5 per pint of cider, and around $9 per pasty. Awesome!!! The menu is very extensive, with lots of vegetarian and some vegan options as well. Aside from pasties there are also salads and soups and stuff. Atmo is English pub as interpreted by humble hipsters. Staff have beards and ironic trucker caps and whatnot, but it's somehow not annoying...just a touching sort of "Let's play Portland!" Plus, they get MAJOR bonus points for being in the  unpretentious Commerical Center instead of downtown -- there's PLENTY of free parking, and fewer annoying Zappholes. Music is refreshingly unhipster as well, and played at just the right volume to encourage conversation.Barstools are really uncomfortable metal tractor seats, but there are plenty of farmhouse-style tables as well. I still prefer the bar, seats or no -- my ass has plenty of padding....and it's only getting thicker, the more I come to this joint :-)
5	Heard about this place when it opened but didn't get a chance to try it until this past weekend and whoa was it delicious! So good that my boyfriend and I ended up returning the next night, bringing some new customers along with us.Night 1:I had read some reviews on here to kind of get an idea of which pasties to try -- I can't recall the last time I EVER went out and ordered one off a menu -- as well as some recommendations of their massive craft beer selections. I start off with a beer, ordering the Banana Bread beer which was pretty tasty. The bartender then told us that was a popular beer and they only had a few left. Glad they still had a few available (I guess some other Yelpers had mentioned trying to order this beer, but the place had ran out)A lot of people had recommended the Chicken Tikka Masala pasty, so of course, I decided to take their advice. Boy am I glad that I did, because it was amazing! A little heat in there from the curry-esque flavors (i'm kind of a wuss with heat), but served with a side of tzatziki sauce to cool it down some. Perfect pair. (another reason this place deserves a high-five is because every pasty comes with a side dipping sauce and everything, in my opinion, is better dipped in some sauce)My boyfriend order The Chicken Greek, was was also pretty yummy (I definitely liked my better though). We also ordered the Oven Chips with added garlic -- the garlic is cooked with the chips giving it a nice burnt flavor (burnt in a good way)For dessert, we ordered the Chocolate Bread and Butter Pudding which was next to orgasmic. I absolutely recommend this to everyone.---Night 2:We decided that eating here again the next night wouldn't be a problem, so we brought my parents along to share with their taste buds.I ordered the Bangers & Mash Pasty, with a pork-sage sausage and the normal components that are included in B & M with an extra side of red-wine gravy to dip it in. My bf tried the Peppered Steak because he loves blue cheese and he said it was so good, better than The Chicken Greek, but a bit messy (or maybe he's a messy eater).My mom got the Chicken Tikka Masala, and my dad tried the Lamb Vindaloo. He said the Lamb VIndaloo was a little too spicy, even with the tzatziki, but it was still [super] delicious.For dessert, we of course ordered the Chocolate Bread & Butter Pudding, as well as trying the Shirley Temple's Pudding (RIP Shirley) and the Banoffe Pie, all of which was equally yummy. The Banoffe was not a savory as the other 2, but still pretty good.If I lived closer to Cornish Pasty, I would eat here maybe every other day. Good food, good beer, and the price isn't bad either.
2	Maybe it was a bad night. There was 1 server. Food took over an hour. This place is not family oriented; no kids menu. It's small and very dark. It's location doesn't inspire feelings of safety. The food was tasty enough (oggie, chicken alfredo) but we were in such a foul mood by the time it arrived it was hard to be objective. Food. Took. An. Hour. Plus.
4	Delicious combinations of meat and other goodies wrapped in a beautiful crust. It's a hot pocket for people with taste buds. So many menu options and they all sound delicious. I went with the Philly Steak Pasty and it was awesome. Packed with flavor and cooked just right. Hopefully I will get over there again to try another one soon. The chips were delicious as well.They have a nice beer selection and the service is pretty good. The chairs at the bar I found a bit uncomfortable for someone of my size but still cool to sit at the bar and watch the guys prep some of the pasties. Looking forward to my next visit.
4	A friend suggested that we try out this place for lunch on 2/11/14 and what an experience it was. I first want to say what GREAT customer service we received! The waitress ( sorry I don't remember her name but she was a red head) was a delight. She knew the menu and very helpful when it came to deciding what to try as this was our first time here. We had the mushroom, walnut and spinach soup with fresh baked bread. This soup was so good I went back after work and got a bowl to take home for my daughter to try. I had the Spicy Asiago Chicken Pastie and my friend had the Chicken Pot Pie, both were delicious. I took a cup of the mushroom soup to a co-worker that could not stop raving about how good the soup when I saw her the following day. This place is in the commercial center but don't let that stop you from giving this place a try. We will now make this a regular place that we visit especially since I have to try everything on the menu.
4	sooo...I finally got a chance to try this place. Its in the same mall as lotus of siam...the green door..the tranny bar and the 5 dollar crack head hooker stationed at the entrance to the mall.. Affectionately known to me as something for everyone mall. First thing is you better not have a larger then regular ass ,as they have these pretty cool seats but they are pre molded metal and if you have junk in the trunk your gonna be spilling out and uncomfortable.Other thing is that if your wearing shorts prepare for instant arctic butt and leg chill..the seats are cold. Again,as with most places in vegas they have ONE waitress serving a packed restaurant,this is a pet peeve of mine,its called SERVICE,if you track potential clients you should be able to gauge fairly well when the crowds will roll in,to not do that is just disrespectful to customers.Anyways....I ordered the leek and stilton soup for starters,I can only assume they make this to order because it took a good 20 minutes for it to come out. But,when it arrived I was very pleased,excellent soup and a side of nice bread,both very good and satisfying. I ordered the sheperds pie Pasty.Again if your in a rush forget it, I assume these are made fresh to order,it took about 40 minutes for it to arrive.But,if you plan on the extra time its definitely worth it,savory and satisfying,very good fresh food. My waitress was so overwhelmed that i just jumped up to the bar to get a refill on my coke. Honestly I don't blame the waitress for this lack of service I blame management for not properly staffing the restaurant.If the service had been proper this would without a doubt been a 5 star review. They also have a ton of beer choices. In summation I would return to this place the food was great,I just hope they address the staff issue,it was a bit frustrating,but in the end they made up for it with their delicious food.
5	After hearing allot about this place from several close friends and being ambushed on social media by people I know that all said this place was "amazing" and "the greatest place they have ever eatin" I was nervous to try it. You see, most if my friends are complete morons. Why else would we be be friends? With that said... Me and the old lady decide to check this place out for our selves yesterday after she got done work early... We arrived to see plenty of parking.. We walked in and it was well lit, decorated well and clean.. We were off to a great start. We sat down and were greeted promptly and friendly by everyone behind the bar.. Fun music playing, relaxing and causal. They had a good sized selection of Kraft beers so I asked some questions and I got the rogue hazelnut beer and my wife got a strongbow.. The menu had a lot of veggie and vegan things to choose from, which is great since we are vegetarians. We started with the oven baked fries were great! Not greasy, seasoned perfectly and not dry. Then the baked broccoli And cauliflower something, it was crunchy, creamy and tasty. Then we got the potato, leak and Stilton soup, this blew my fucking mind! Creamy and smooth but not heavey, potatoes were perfect, great taste, perfect temp, great color and the sour dough bread on the side complemented it and help make it one of the best soups I have ever had! No bullshit... By this time I was ready for another beer, I tried a couple but had to get the iron maiden beer, cause, well it's iron fucking maidan. It's was actually really good and not just a pretty bottle.Then we got I believe it was called veggie cottage pie? We split it and I'm glade we did. It was pretty big.. I'm not to familiar with this type of food but I loved it! Seasoned expertly, great mouth feel and very filling... It was truly a great meal... All the guys were great! Genuinely friendly and helpful when ordering. The only ones name i can remember is hank, cause it's hank and he's rad... But all of them were a good time to talk to and added to the dinning experience.. When we got the check I was surprised on how low the price was.. I then looked at the menu again and looked at the prices. This place prices it's food to move man... It was less then if we went to sushi and we were full and caught a nice buzz! We will be going here on the regular and recommending it to everyone who will listen! Turns out my friends aren't complete morons after all... Go figure
5	You know that kind of meal that makes you smile through it? The environment, the beer, and bring your choice of companion to toss back and forth comments like "mmmm" and "you gotta try this" and "one more beer please".   Reinventing the pasty was a great idea.  Opening shop in vegas is an even better one.
5	Yum yum! Oh yeah. My bf and I went here for dinner tonight. I was craving some Thai food but lotus of Siam wasn't even opened yet and already had a huge line :/ so we went here instead and boy was it yummy. My bf had a peppered steak pasty which was pretty good but in my opinion a boys pasty lol I had a carne adovada pasty (my bad for spelling it wrong in the pictures) it was good but I wish I would have ordered a shepherds pie pasty instead omg they looked good. Next time for sure because we will definitely be coming back. The oven baked potatoes delish as well :)))) Definitely a must. Go go go!Oh yeah and I think my bf would recommend the Scottish crabbie ginger beer (idk if I wrote that correctly) It was too gingery for me but he absolutely loved it :)
5	My Dad grew up in Montana eating pasties so when he found this place he was so happy to try it. He thought it was great so he was anxious to share it with my husband and I. Well I am thrilled he did. We shared some chips with garlic to start and all four of us got a different pasty. They were delicious and seriously filling, I only ate half of mine but it reheated great for lunch the next day. I got the rosemary chicken and the flavors blended very well and the dipping sauce just set it all off. My mom got the lovely bit of salmon, which I was skeptical of, and it really was good with the fish being a great consistency. My husband got the Mexican and ate it all and fast so that was a winner. Finally my dad got the pilgrim which he said was like Thanksgiving in a pouch and he got an Oggie to take home for the next day.I was also pleasantly surprised to find I really enjoyed the cider they had on tap. I asked the bartender what it was like and after describing it he let me try a little to make sure I liked it before I ordered. My husband was nearly overwhelmed by the beer options and is looking forward to going back to try more.We all really liked the atmosphere and the music was a great mix. In all we are looking forward to going back as there are many other flavors we want to try.
4	They finally opened. I had bookmarked this particular restaurant quite some time ago and when they never opened i deleted the bookmark and then added the bookmark back. I did this several times for over a year and finally they opened their doors for business. I came here with a friend who's mom is from England and is always looking for good British food in town to lure her mom here for a visit, so it wasn't too hard to convince her to try this place with me this week.We arrived around 530 and the place wasn't packed but there were already a number of diners seated. The restaurant is much larger than expected and I enjoyed the ambiance quite a bit. It's on the darker side and makes you feel like you're the only people in the place. We were seated quickly and perused the menu. Their pasty selection is extensive so it took us quite a bit of time to decide what we wanted to order. In the interim, we settled on some cider that was offered during happy hour. Our waitress was nice but service was a bit slow during our entire meal. She was apologetic about it so we weren't too perturbed. I decided on the lamb vindaloo pasty, since I was in the mood for something spicy. Our meals were slow to arrive, but worth the wait. At first we weren't sure about the portion size. They are deceptively large, when we first thought they were on the smaller side. I enjoyed my pasty quite a bit and it had the spicy kick I had been hoping for. My friend enjoyed hers quite a bit as well. I have tried pasties a few times in the past but I have to say this was probably my favorite so far. We each were only able to finish half of our meal, but took the rest to go with us. I couldn't resist ordering dessert as well, I ended up with the Shirley Temple's Pudding since I absolutely adore sticky toffee pudding and my friend got the strawberry pavlova. Both were good, with my pudding edging hers out by a nose in the flavor department. We had a fabulous meal and my fella even raved about how good my leftovers were, so we will likely be back soon to give them another go. Just be sure you aren't in too much of a rush when you dine here since our whole meal took over two hours from start to finish.
5	This place is awesome!Try the chicken asiago or chicken pot pie pastry. Go hungry very very filling and flavorful! Fresh/friendly/deliciousGreat beer selection too
4	OMG. The pasties are SO DAMN GOOD. I have been twice and have yet to deviate from my regular order of the Thanksgiving pasty (I think that's the name of it). Turkey, sweet potatoes and stuffing in a pasty, served with the yummiest gravy. They also give you a side of cranberry for the ultimate Thanksgiving experience. Their homemade lemonade is delish...Like Hot Dog on a Stick delish. The service can be slow (hence the 4 instead of 5 stars), so don't go if you are really hungry. Last time I went I ordered the tomato soup. It came to my table cold, but tasted delicious. They also have a large selection of beer, which I recommend because it leaves more lemonade for me!
5	I found out about this place from someone at work. The location isn't the easiest to find, but it's worth it. We decided to order out to take home. The waitress went over the menu with us and helped us to make selections, and gave us water while we waited for our order. The pasties were incredible - and we have eaten pasties in Cornwall. These compare very favorably. Will definitely be back.The only drawback - they aren't open on weekends.
5	Everything was awesome here. The food was amazing, they have a great beer selection and we even got desert and that was equally amazing. We ordered the Chicken Asiago, Carne Adovado, the Oggie and the Greek Chicken. I am definitely a fan and will be back. Looks like this is going to be another stop on our tours for out-of-town guests.
4	"Oi, this pint is cold!"  I call to the barkeep."Bloody well right.  We're not in London mate.  This is America" and a laugh.   America, the land of "Hot Pockets".  Hot Pockets, pasties; toe-may-toe, toe-mah-toe.  Only difference, these are bloody good.For the traditionalist, the Oggie; traditional Cornish pasty is hearty and comforting.  A "stew" of  beef, potatoes, onion, and rutabaga stuffed in a well seasoned, perfectly cooked through, semi rich pastry shell.  Despite the filling being moist, and the bottom being thin, it is still firm enough to pickup.  Impressive.  A side of mushy peas with it's baby food consistency and vegetal flavor provides the perfect accompaniment.The crust lends itself well to non traditional pasties.  The chicken tikka masala hearty with a pronounced Indian curry taste, mild heat but somewhat dry chicken breast.  The Shepherd's pie with its flavorful, juicy, gamy lamb, creamy potatoes and root veg also good except for the odd addition of cheddar cheese,  Finally bangers and mash (sausage with onions and potatoes in a red wine gravy) good eats.  The slight acidity in the red wine gravy brings out the sage flavor of the British banger. Beer works best with the pasties.  Very good selection including many British offerings.  Reasonable, off Strip pricing.Great, off Strip service.A single pasty is a meal and at less than $10 each, good value.  It's not perfect but at this price, who's complaining.
4	The restaurant will take you by surprise the second you walk in. Expect a dark modern bar setting. Located in the run down Commercial Center, you wouldn't expect such a nice interior.Menu is pretty simple. Their specialty? Pasties! What are pasties? Pasties are fairly large pastries that are filled with meat and vegetables. You should expect an over glorified hot pocket. Their portions are generous! Don't let the size fool you, half will probably fill you up. Sister re-heated my leftovers and had it the next day. I got the Veggie Chicken Tikka Massala Pasty which was good but not great. The flavors were there but the texture of the veggie chicken was odd. It might just be the kind that they chose to use. I will try a meat pasty next time. Ordered the Chocolate Bread and Butter Pudding served with ice cream for dessert just for the sake of ordering dessert. We were so full from the pasties that it was hard to enjoy this. The service is great, we sat at the bar and got to see them put together the pasties as we ate them, which was comforting...you usually don't get to see what a restaurant does with your food. Meal for about 3 ran us about $45. Good deal.I'll be back to try the banana bread beer that everyone is going on about soon.
4	I was really excited to see another taste from Michigan making it's way to the valley.  I like to describe to people a pasty as a slightly harder calzone with meat and potatoes stuffed inside of it.  If you can think of a winter food which can warm your soul, this is it!The thing which makes Cornish Pasty unique is pure selection.  You can get the original style, or get the pasty stuffed with a whole slew of offerings with sides.  (The price range is roughly $9 on average).  Personally my original style pasty did not taste as good as what I've had in Michigan (where the treat is popular as far as the US goes), but it was still really good.  What will keep me coming back is trying all of the combinations on the menu, I'm sure there is a 5-star winner in there!The desert menu also looked very good, I ended with a PB&J pasty, it was very gooey on the inside and the scoop of ice cream complimented it nicely.  They also have an apple pasty and some sort of banana pie treat.  Once again i will be back!If you are a Vegas foodie, you'll recognize the area from Lotus of Siam, is it nice brand spanking new Summerlin? No, but the location near the strip and surrounding neighborhoods makes for a very easy in and out.  The inside is very nice, not too small, but not too big with low lighting.Check it out!
5	Went for a  solo late lunch and was very pleasantly surprised. Really friendly service that took the time to explain the menu and beers. First, the place seems super clean. Also the great beer selection is reasonably priced.  I had the Oggie pasty and loved the perfect and pepper potato, beef and rutabaga filling, which worked very well with a cold Joseph James beer($4!!). My goal is to try every pasty on the menu(except the vegetarian ones!) Great place to dine alone or with others.
4	Great atmosphere, excellent food, good service! A hidden gem! Had the lamb pasty, delicious! Can't wait to try the tons of other options!
5	Found this place on Yelp and am so glad I checked it out! My friend had the tikka masala salad and I had the pot pie pasty. The meat was flavorful and the salad fresh, my pasty was perfectly seasoned, held together well, with a flaky crust that practically melted in my mouth. I could hardly finish half, and the other half is in my fridge for dinner! I can't wait to go back and try the cottage pie pasty next.
5	We stopped in before the show at the Onyx last night for a casual dinner. Wow! Best variety of pasties I have ever seen. I had the cheese and onion wit HP sauce on the side. My sister hand' had HP before so had to taste it, thumbs up as a condiment. I love Guinness stout, they serve Murphy's, a decent alternative. My hubby had lamb and bro-in law went with chicken Alfredo. We were stuffed and all our choices were great, best outer crust I can recall having. Better than what we got our hands on during the last trip to  England. We will be back for sure.
4	I've been on quite a tear recently with my "To Try" bookmarks. Late this afternoon, I was suggesting to my friend that we pre-game to make sure we were full after restaurant #2 (more on that in the near future). This place popped up in our brainstorming and we went for it.Cornish Pasty Co. found an home in a rather decrepit plaza which happens to be home to the legendary Lotus of Siam. CPC is right next to Komol, and you'll wanna know that the parking spots right in front are angled in the wrong direction if you're approaching from the street. A bar proudly dominates the center of the restaurant, and tables line the outside. We sat at the bar for a change of pace, although we weren't imbibing any potent potables tonight.I originally wanted only one pasty, but my friend convinced me that we should get two so that we could each try two. Conveniently enough, the pasties are cut in half, and they were willing to provide extra dipping sauce for free.I tried the bangers and mash ($9.00) first: sausage, grilled onions, and mashed potatoes with an interesting red wine gravy. Friend didn't care for the wine flavor, but I appreciated that it wasn't just plain gravy. Second up was the lamb vindaloo, which I ordered for the lamb-ness although I found the vindaloo was dominant. The Indian spices, unfortunately, are not in my wheelhouse, the spicyness was definitely a challenge for my delicate / capsaicin-sensitive tongue, and the yogurt sauce was just odd and didn't quite complement the lamb vindaloo. I'll take the blame for most of this, but I'm going to hold the yogurt sauce against CPC.I've gotta say, though, that the pasty shell around each of the fillings was quite good. Very flaky and golden brown, yet not burnt at all, and just the right thickness so as not to distract from the filling. I'm sure that I will enjoy the experience more fully next time when I only pick pasties that are appropriate for my palate, but I still highly recommend that you try the pasties promptly.
5	Starters: Very cool wait staff.  Good vibe in this place...seriously.  They had old Talking Heads buzzing in the. background.Leek, potato, stilton soup...Yowza!Pomegranate tea was a nice alternative to a pint.Salmon pasty suggested by my vegetarian waiter came out hot and unexpectedly firm...which was awesome.  Dillsauce rocked.  Thin cut potatos and asparagus...Double Yowza!I am totally in for more of this.
5	I first went to the Cornish Pasty Co in Tempe in December. I was addicted immediately. Amazing vegetarian pastys, craft beer - what else do you need? Following a plan for a family Vegas weekend in February, I found out that they opened a location in Vegas. It was a MUST do for the weekend. On Saturday I brought my family there. There was 8 of us, and we should have called to make a reservation because they were super busy! But they found a space for us. Unfortunately for being pretty new and very busy, there were some hiccups. But for me - I'm in the restaurant industry so I get it. They were out of a lot of the pastys on the menu. They ran out of glasses so it took a whole to get our drinks. My dad's pasty took a while longer than everyone else's to come out. Etc. Our waitress was super sweet though (I think her name is Mandy?) and apologetic about everything. Food was obviously AMAZING (we all agreed!). Cannot wait to go back!
5	Get the side dishes or the. soups. They are great and delicious. Also sit at the bar. It's fun watching them make the pastys live.
4	If you like English food this place is great. From an American's point of view the food is average. The funky location in the Commercial Center with a very low key exterior made the outing interesting and adds to the appeal.If you have not had an English Pasty before it is basically a Pot Pie without the pot. Service was great and the draft beer was really cold (as opposed to the English tradition). My English wife had a traditional Pasty and reported it was very high quality and authentic. I tried the red Curry pasty and it was fine but  was constantly reminded by the photos on the wall that a "pasty" is basic food intended for coal miners.This is a good place to visit if you are looking for a working class English pub experience.
4	I had this place on my radar, so when fellow yelper, Loon E. and his girl were in town and suggested this place, I was all in! Walking inside it seemed dark, but I liked it. We chose a table and menus and waters were quickly brought to us. Loon had a beer I tasted that was supposed to be ginger flavored, but the ginger taste was very faint. After looking over the menu it was hard to decide what to order because it all looks so good. The menu consists of signature, premium and vegetarian pasties, soups, salads, desserts and an interesting variety of appetizers. To start I ordered "Oven Chips" priced at $3.50 plus an additional 50 cents for cheese I wanted on them. The chips are hand cut British style and baked in the oven with cracked pepper and sea salt. I thought the chips were a bit on the soggy side. I wondered if it was because of the addition of cheese that made them soggy, but after tasting the oven chips with jalapeno and no cheese that the others at my table were sharing, they too were mushy and soggy to me.I ordered a "Carne Adovada" pasty priced at $9.50 and WOW! After the first bite, my taste buds were dancing with joy! This pasty has simmered pork in a New Mexican red chili stew, rice, chilies and cheddar. It also comes with a side of salsa and sour cream. There is so much great flavor going on in this pasty! I honestly never even tried the salsa that accompanied it because the pasty itself has such good flavor on it's own, but I did really enjoy it with the sour cream. I must come back and eat this again! I sampled some of the "Bangers and Mash" pasty and thought the first bite was okay, but the next was a bit blah. The red wine gravy that came with it was too salty. I have to say that it isn't something I have ever had before, so I truly can't compare it to another, but the flavor wasn't for me.Our server was just great! I wish I could remember her name to give her a proper shout-out, but I can tell you aside from being an awesome waitress, she knows all about Emoji and how everybody needs a little in their life! ;)If you wanted they have an option to take a part-baked pasty home to bake when you are ready to eat it. The part-baked pasties are sold at a reduced price, but they make a certain amount fresh throughout the day, so I would recommend calling your order in to make sure they can have the pasty you want ready to take home. I want to come back at some point to try out some of their other sides and try baking a pasty at home to see how it turns out. With the variety of pasties here, if a certain one doesn't work for you flavor-wise, give another one a try! Maybe you will find a favorite like I did!
5	I've subjected the poor Tomcat to all sorts of misery over the years. It's hard to please a foodie girlfriend, especially when his only foodie desire is to eat at every In-N-Out in America. Oh brother.... So, it was after much trepidation that he  agreed to try Cornish Pasty Co., a restaurant specializing in food from Southwest England, more specifically, the Pasty. My selling point was, it had his four favorite food groups: cheese, potatoes, ground meat, and beer. Well Yelp, we found a winner! We finally found a place that we both liked! I loved the Mushroom, Walnut and Spinach soup. It's served with a side of bread and delicious, easily spreadable butter. The Tomcat LOVED the Oggie, a pasty filled with steak, onion, potatoes and rutabaga. I thought it was ok, it tastes bland. It tastes a lot like the food Tomcat cooks at home (his ancestry is Irish/Scottish). So, to some people, bland is good. They even have MUSHY peas (that's how it's described on their menu, "mushy" peas), so this is some authentic British food. Who else eats mushy peas? And are proud of it? Luckily, I didn't order a pasty, but if I did, I'd go with a more flavorful one, like the Chicken Tikka Masala, or the Lamb Vindaloo. Instead, I went with the Broccoli and Cauliflower Cheese Bake. The dish is exactly as it sounds. The cheese baked on top is awesome. There's also cheese melted inside with the fresh broccoli and cauliflower. It's like a healthier, non-carb version of mac-n-cheese. Tomcat and I both agreed, this dish was delicious. I also got a bottle of their much talked about banana-beer bread. Ugh. Bitter. Pass. You can smell the banana and taste a little bit in the aftertaste, but most of the time, it tasted like a strong, bitter beer.The highlight of the meal was the Shirley Temple's Pudding, a sticky toffee pudding made with Treacle and served with ice cream. This was delicious, possibly the best dessert I've ever had. The top is caramelized and the bottom has slightly burnt brown bread that tastes a lot like a brownie end. Top it with ice cream and it is heaven. So, I recommend this place, especially if you're craving some British food. They've also got an interesting beer selection. Definitely will be a date-night destination for us.
5	2nd review... I have been here over 6 times in 2 months and everything is always wonderful. The carne adovada and the tikka masala are literally TO DIE FOR FOR UNDER $10.00If you haven't had lunch here you are making a mistake If you haven't brought a date here, you are missing out and so is your date.Fix it- go there. Live it, love it, eat it.
5	Amazing! Had the Pilgrim. Couldn't finish all of it (big pie) but it was really tasty. Don't miss out on this "hole in the wall" find.
4	Located in the same plaza as Green Door, Lotus of Siam, and right next to Komol in commercial center plaza. Ample parking galore. Just watch for the slanted parking spaces and which way your car is facing!I came here with my boyfriend after a show at the Onyx. Love the concept. Punk rock playing over the speakers. Center bar with metal swivel seats and park-benchlike support was a nice touch. Whoever designed this place deserves props! AMBIANCE: Make sure to sit at the bar to catch the guys making pasties. (Pronounced "pass-teas" and not "paste-stee" like the nipple tape in porn I believe lol) it's cool seeing them make a whole batch, but I worry about when they make a whole batch tray of 20ish. What do they do with the rest when they've baked them all and served people? Refrigerate them? It was a pretty dead night for a friday considering that there was First Friday going on. Love the intimate low-lighting. The design for this bar is cool. Picture polished wood and beer. Clean place. One side of the place has two-seater tables with the same unique park-bench swivel chairs. The other side has two long tables with long benches for bigger parties. I wonder what this place looks like super crowded.DRINKS: We ordered the Union Jack IPA and its darker cousin the Wookey Jack IPA. Union Jack is hoppy (IPA, I know) while the Wookey Jack is also hoppy, but more bitter in taste. I like the fact that they carry both. These beers paired well with the pasties we ordered.APPETIZERS: To start we got the Hand-Cut fries with the option of garlic and/or jalapenos over it. We greedily got both. This was amazing. Perfect bar food to soak up alcohol. Freshly cracked pepper and sea salt seasoned this dish so well. These fries set them apart from other cardboard-tasting carbon copies. The leek, potato, and stilton soup ($3.50 cup) was creamy, well-made, and not bland at all. For those who don't know, stilton is a type of rich cheese. I should have asked for the bowl ($5ish). The cheese flavor went beautifully with the leeks and potatoes giving it a hearty flavor. Came a couple slices of bread and butter.PASTY: My Bangers & Mash pasty was okay. Really drying on the inside including the hard puff pastry encasing it. It came with an excellent red wine gravy sauce so maybe I should have asked for more of that. Although it was okay to eat, it was really salty and dense. I expected maybe a sauce/liquid/melted something on the inside when I stab it with my fork. It would have made the dish more palatable and not just a literal meat-cake. True, I dipped it in my gravy, but it was still a little difficult to eat. Meat was a bit too tough. Expected it to be a bit more tender.Maybe I'll try a different pasty next time. The appetizers and ambiance were excellent. I had a bite of my boyfriend's adobada pasty and that was bomb. We're definitely coming back for this one!
4	"What on earth is a pasty?!" and "Where on earth was it located?!" These were burning questions that became an obsession until I couldn't take it anymore. The juvenile humor in me kept thinking of nipple tassles and it being located near the infamous Green Door only fueled my misconception. Seeing this place given 4.5 stars, mostly from respectable Elites made it too irresistible for me. I didn't want to miss the train!I had the darnedest time finding CP inside the vast commercial center and even gave up after driving around aimlessly the first time. But I was a determined little you-know-what so I did a little more research and found it. Oh happy day! It's located next to the green storefront of Komol. A dark venue inside with a large bar and church pews with special molded iron barstools and a history lesson on the tin miners who originated the pasty. It holds true that as a "hole in the wall" type of establishment,  this place has excellent food that draws all types of foodies. My daughter who is a foodie in the making ordered the OGGIE...the very first pasty on the menu. It's filled with steak, potatoes and rutabaga served with a wine sauce. Tender pieces of beef with soft potatoes and the bright pop of the rutabaga. Let's just say, she cleaned her dish with not a crumb left.I decided to make up for not finding it the first time, by ordering 2 pasties. The Pilgrim and the Chicken Tikka Masala. The Pilgrim is taking the best Thanksgiving leftovers and rolling it up in a flakey crust and the best part is having ample gravy and cranberry sauce to go with it (they will offer more upon asking). The Chicken Tikka Masala would rival any good Indian restaurant and served with a nice mint yogurt. Tender chicken breast so full of flavor and it tastes good even after sitting in the fridge a few days and reheated.These pasties are all handcrafted and made ahead of time then par-baked for 90 minutes. When you order, they are finished in the oven, then served neatly sliced in half with a perfect crust in every bite.Be sure to save room for the Shirley Temple pudding because it is life changing. It's served HOT in a mini caldron that is like 900 degrees which carmelized the sides of the pudding into a chewy crust, and you must get it with vanilla ice cream. Imported british treacle cake (just don't smell it lol) is so moist and has this toffee sauce on top that comes to you bubbling...careful not to burn your mouth.Bring everyone you know, they will thank you for introducing this unique eat to them. If they can't make it, you can get any pasty par-baked and taken home. Believe the hype!
5	Love this place! The food was amazing, staff is great and they play great music! Anywhere I can walk in and here The Clash and The Ramones is great and the food is even better! Great veggie and vegan options as well! I've been here twice in two weeks! Also really good beer selection!
4	I work very close to this place, so when the name popped up I was instantly intrigued. Not to mention the fact that they only serve huge hot pockets. Double the interest. I walked in to a cute waitress with a smile and hot red hair, sold before I tasted the food! Now this better be good! I have never dined in, and my review is based on 2 Togo orders. One for lunch at work, and one I brought home for dinner.Trip number one I ordered the Cottage pie, and my boss tried to vegan rosemary chicken. Also got the chips with jalapeno and garlic. Chips are fries, and would be better dining in. Good, just got a bit mushy. Pasties were to die for. Flaky crust that didn't get soggy. Stuffed so full of goodness. Depending on what your pasty choice is you receive a side of gravy, marinara, ketchup, or whatever may go good with yours! My second trip we ordered Cajun chicken, meat and cheese, and the pastrami. Everyone was happy and would order theirs again. The garlic mashed potato side is FULL of garlic and I was a huge fan of the baked cauliflower and broccoli. Crust was perfect. I have yet to try their desserts, but I have a feeling when I do- my rating will go to 5 stars. Don't let the yuck location scare you off, this place is a hidden gem!
3	After having dinner here I can't say I'm hooked. My wife loved her pasty but I didn't feel the same way about mine. I had the Italian Pasty and there was a good amount of meats like salami, capocollo, pepperoni, ham. It also had mozzarella cheese and came with a side of marinara sauce. The inside of my pasty was really good. I didn't like the "hot pocket" type dough so much though. Before my pasty came I grubbed on some Oven Chips with jalapeno. The oven chips were very greasy and somewhat burnt at the same time and I didn't like that the jalapeno easily fell off since there was no cheese or gravy to hold it all together. We were eating with yelper Loon E and his woman and they felt the same way about the oven chips and found their dishes to be too salty. Our waitress was nice and took good care of us. I can't say I'd hurry back next week but since my wife liked her pasty and you can order them for pick up to take home and cook yourself, I might give a different pasty a try.
4	If you are in the mood for a pasty and a english beer then this is the place to go in Las Vegas.  I had the peppered steak. It was not frozen and was made to order. The flavor profile was a little off for me but I should have known that when I ordered, the peppered steak comes with melted Stilton and the Stilton was just a little bit overpowering and too earthy for me. Although I love blue cheese I would have probably been better suited with the cheese steak.  However, other than that the pasty was great! perfectly cooked and the bread was cooked on the outside with hot filling on the inside - think a deluxe hot pocket. My only complaints were that the waitress was nice but a little dense and incredibly slow. She didn't bring the happy hour cider I requested and brought a larger size at a larger price - but larger cider really shouldn't be a point of contention I suppose. Also, for the $9ish I would have liked to see the pasty come with a side, fries or something else.  We also bought the garlic fries. They didn't taste fried but more like the oven fries I make at home (my attempt to bake fries to be healthy which hopefully offsets the copious amounts of french fries from fast food places I eat). The problem with what appeared to be baked or crisped fries was that the garlic on the outside was burnt. Maybe they should put the garlic on after they cook the fries to avoid this problem. Two pastys, four beers and fries came to about $44. Steep for lunch but I suppose not bad considering the four beers. They also have a decent english/irish beers on tap and many more in bottles. Suprisingly for a  pub in the commercial center, they were not smoky and they had a child seat, which means children are welcome! They had a few larger booths so groups of 4 or more could come here as well. I hope they make it but they are not what you would expect for the commercial center. I think that they would be much more suited in a more prominent area as a new business.
4	Excellent food. Friendly staff. Great music. I will be coming back without a doubt.The price is great and the food is filling. Some authentic British selections without a doubt. Shepherd's Pie Pasty is the bee's knees. The British oven fries with cheese is a great starter. Looking forward to happy hour next time.
5	In short: Outstanding.  I recommend the Cornish Pasty Co.The moment we (my wife and I) walked in we were greeted by both waitresses.  We felt welcome immediately.  The bar/restaurant is dark and intimate with a modern English type theme.  Although I did not partake in the libations this trip, it appeared they had a well-rounded selection of beers.The kitchen is located behind the bar area and is almost a show kitchen.  It appeared that everything is made to order from fresh ingredients.Our waitress was wonderful.  She was polite, attentive, and patient explaining the menu.We started off with one of the four soups on the menu.  My wife and I shared a bowl of the hearty mushroom, walnut, and spinach soup.  It was served with homemade bread and butter.......Delicious.  I would go back just for that alone.  We also ordered a pot of English tea which complimented the entire meal.My wife ordered the Philly Cheese pasty and I ordered the Shepard's Pie pasty.  Before I go on, a pasty is in the calzone family.  The main difference is a pasty is more of a pastry shell versus a heavy pizza dough.  Now that I can compare both, I choose the pasty.  Anyway, the Philly pasty was stuffed with square chunks of beef and accompanied by green bell pepper, onion and cheese.  It was served with a side of a mustard-dill sauce.  I stole a bite from the wife and it was delicious.The Shepard's Pied pasty was everything it was billed to be:  Seasoned ground lamb, mashed potatoes, and cheddar cheese.  This was served with a side of red wine sauce which complimented the dish perfectly.  OMG......terrific!Only one complaint........there is no wine menu; however, upon leaving, I mentioned to the caring waitress that a simple wine list is needed.  She seemed very interested and wanted to champion this task.  Now that's an employee who cares and I want her waiting on me in my future visits.
4	Great pasties! Place looks awesome! The only thing is no pavlova on my third visit..... Here's hoping my next visit they'll have it. All in all solid place.
5	I've heard a lot of buzz about this place on Yelp and my hubby loves him a meat pie or pasty so this sounded like the place for us! It's located in Commercial Center in a very none disscript building just the name Cornish Pasty above the door. The interior is  awesome. They have reclaimed church pews for benches and a beautiful bar! The walls are covered in old pictures with really cool frames. Our waitress was very friendly, but the food! Omg the food!!! It was superb! I had the Philly Steak Pasty. It was huge! It was also filled with steak, mushrooms, onions, peppers and cheese all perfectly melted together in a toasty flaky pastry. On the side was a yummy gravy that just made the dish that much better when you spread it over the pasty. My husband had the Chicken Alfredo Pasty. It too was huge!!! It had chicken, ham, onions, cheese and potatoes. It came with a very zesty marinara sauce. We also ordered the Garlic Chips! Oh boy! It had tons of chopped garlic which I love. The fries were crisp yet soft. It was a great balance. It came with a ketchup that I think was house made cause it too was extra yummy! They have an excellent selection of beers that I will totally be back to try! Not only is this place delicious it is very inexpensive!! My husband and I ate for $24 not including tip. We left totally full and satisfied. I can not wait to go back!!! What a great new local business!!! I'll be spreading the word for sure!
5	Tried this new place with my BF and we LOVE it!!! The soup is beyond amazing, great beer on tap and a super cool atmosphere.  Food was great!!!
5	Good service and great food! I had the veggie chicken pesto pasty and it was amazing. You might consider splitting one if you plan to have dessert. They are quite filling. For you fellow vegetarians, they make their Pasties with Quorn brand faux meat and some without. The chips were great and don't let the appearance or name throw you on the mushy peas.  That was excellent as well!
4	We ordered 2 stuffed pies: Royale was excellent,  but the cajun chicken was okay. The Shirley  Temple sticky toffee pudding was a little burnt so it tasted bitter. Service was very nice. Definitely, we will go back to try other stuffed pies.
5	So yummy! Friendly staff and a great menu that will have me going back for more! I love the flakiness of the dough and the different sauces that were in my pasty. I have was on my lunch break and couldn't have some beer but I definitely want to go back to try some after work and have a delicious pasty once again. My fav was the balsamic mushroom.
5	My girlfriend and I went here yesterday for a late dinner and it was awesome. The ambiance is cool but not too cool, the staff are unique and fun, the beer selection is good, and the food is delicious. What more can you ask for? It's location is in a weird spot but once you find it you're good to go. I highly recommend this place.
5	Absolutely great food - I had the meat and potatoes pasty and a side of curried fries - both were great.  Large variety of beers and friendly staff.
5	I order the Carne adovara as my first  Pasty and a salmon Caesar salad delicious!!!. Great and friendly wait staff who brewed a fresh pot of ice tea for my order.  Great eclectic vibe here. Open kitchen concept where you can see them make the pastys on behind the center bar.. I really like what they have done here. A rock restaurant feel.. I will be a regular!
5	Awesome. Awesome. Awesome.  This place rocks. Commercial center just got a little pasty better. I have lived here 22 years and am a long time customer of the plaza. I'm so glad they chose this place. The food is fresh the atmosphere is fun. They are now part of the awesome family of businesses at commercial center since 1963. You have to try this place it's what lotus of Siam is to Thai cornish pasty co. Is to pasty.
4	Banoffee?  Yes please! Thanks Roger and Riah for topping off the night with an amazing dessert! I had it bookmarked to try it, they suggested it...  so let's go! I was excited to try their famous pasties - entree and dessert.  They had warned me how huge these are so with a party of four, we split just 1!  We chose the pesto pasty that was filled with chicken, broccoli, mushrooms and of course pesto.  The crust that envelops the ingredients was different and delightful! It's a not a pizza crust type but had a lighter flaky texture.  Delicious!  On the side we split one of their huge side dishes of garlic mashed potatoes with cheese.  I love garlic and this did not disappoint.So to the banoffee.  As it was explained to me ~ if you like banana cream pie, you'll love this! Graham cracker crust, house made caramel filling, whipped cream topped with sliced bananas.  Yum!  I fell in love immediately.  So delicious and huge dessert!  There is definitely enough to share especially if you are eating a full meal here.  We didn't just have one dessert to share, we also tried their caramel apple pasty that is served with vanilla ice cream on the side.  As if I didn't have enough to eat already, this again was large enough to share amongst us.  This was also pretty good but I'd stick with the banoffee. It was a different setting inside with church pews for seating at the tables. The people on some of their pictures followed you wherever you were.  We've all seen these.  The waitress was ok but nothing over the top.  I will say I'm excited to bring more people here to try these tasty pasties!
5	I really wish I could eat this every day! such a cool out of the way place we stumbled on it when we were supposed to meet friends next door for dinner but there wasn't space available...thank goodness! because this was so much better. really nice atmosphere, everyone working there seems really cool and friendly but the best reason to go here is the delicious pasty's, which is basically like the most delicious giant hot pocket you've ever had. they have tons of filling options  fromtraditional meat and potato's to carne asada. but my favorite so far was the dessert Carmel apple yummmm!!!
4	I haven't had a pasty in a long time and I'm a bit lazy to make it (all that dough rolling)! I got the Lamb Vindaloo and it was full flavored delicious. The lamb was tender and I was really digging the sauce. I had a side of mint yogurt and even without it, it was good. I most definitely would get this again as it's up my wheelhouse.The BF got shepherds pie which had a solid filling and it was a nice take to have a crust on it for a different texture than traditional. We also got the sticky toffee pudding (Shirley Temple Pudding on the menu). It came in a individual cast iron so it is hella hot! Don't burn yourself on it! I liked this because then the middle is soft, but you also get crispy edges if you eat from the middle out. It was a solid sticky toffee pudding. It was a positive experience so the following week we came back with a friend. I got the Peppered Steak this time and it was also a solid choice. I liked the stilton cheese in this one and it didn't really need the mustard sauce that came with it. The BF got the porky and our friend got the bangers and mash. Both were happy with their choices too.I find our waitress super adorable and she's friendly and pretty attentive both times we've been in. We're checked on, we have drinks refilled and paying in a timely manner has been no issue. Definitely a fan of this place. The crust is perfect crisp consistency and the pasty are filling. It's a good spot for various types of taste too as there is a filling for just about everyone. I'm not normally in this area, but the BF and I will make this a regular spot I think.
5	Amazing.   Yummy...peppered steak.   Best Meal In Vegas. ..Will return.Vegas Best Kept Secret. .Ops Now Its Out...
5	Brand new place, great beer selection, and delicious pasties. I'm always looking for something new, and this fit the bill. I'll definitely be back!
4	The gravy... Is to die for, I could eat a bowl of it! Can't go wrong, close your eyes and point at the menu. You'll love it.
5	Was hard to find at first and looked very intimidating, but once you got in it was a very chill environment/pub. Friendly people and low key. Oh yeah, AND GREAT PASTIES(rhymes with last)!
5	This place is rad. Relaxed staff, intense beer selection, and perfect hangover food. Since my first time there I've been a fan.I'm a little biased to the atmosphere because their playlist is on point, but aside from the music the aesthetic is awesome. The miner photos are a nice touch to the fine lighting.  I'll never go to a restaurant without snooping out the bathroom, and I love that they decided not to remodel them from the last restaurant's kitschy Spanish motif. The menu is excellent. After visiting there a few times at this point, I've gotten a nice scoop of everything they have to offer and haven't been dissatisfied once. I'd go just for the soups, but if  you're going to have that-  you might as well try  the broccoli, and if you're going to have the broccoli - you should really just invite a bunch of friends and try out the full menu. The staff is knowledgeable and fun.  It's definitely a place to sample a few beers, and make a few favorites. With rotating taps as well as iconic staples - everyone's tastes are filled.I look forward to visiting here again, and would recommend it to anyone!
4	Many people have commented about the location of Cornish, but don't let that stop you. Each time I have gone it has been late afternoon, early evening. But having lived in Las Vegas for many years I remember being in that area at all hours of the day and night (Anyone remember Mary K arcade) and never had any issuesThis was my second time to Cornish Pasty Co. Both time I came with family and kids. The youngest being 15 months old. Each time we were able to find a table with ease and the staff was very attentive and helpful with suggestions and tips. We had some questions about some of the beers on the menu and the server was able to give a good description and offered to get us a sample. Because of her knowledge and those samples we ordered beers with our meal as well. I think the most frustrating thing about the menu is that everything sounds so good.One thing that we figured out on our own is to have backup plans for everything you plan on ordering in case they are out. My son wanted an order of mushy peas and they were out and then again when we went to order dessert they were out of the Banoffee Pie. Other than that everyone was extremely happy with their orders. The over chips were on point, not too crispy that they were dried out, but not too mushy either. The garlic mashed potatoes were another hit off of the sides menu. I was a little disappointed with the broccoli and cauliflower cheese bake. I read in one review that is was like a vegan mac and cheese. Well to me mac and cheese is creamy and gooey. The order we got was more like an au gratin and not very creamy. Was still very good just not what i was expecting. Last really good thing is that the food is well seasoned. I didn't once have to ask someone to pass the salt or pepper. Kudos to the staff. A few other things to keep in mind there is no custom ordering of pasties. They are made in batches and cannot be customized. All of the desserts are large enough to share between at least two people. The Banoffee pie and Chocolate Bread and Butter pudding are good examples of that. My Favorite is the Stocky Toffee pudding, again you can share it but after 1 bite you won't want to. either way i don't see how you can go wrong here.
3	I'm going to give this place a 3 on my first try and I'm more than willing to try it again.  The restaurant is pub like setting.  Don't be afraid of the hood :)What is behind my 3 stars is that everything I ate was salty.  When we had arrived, we got lucky because it was not at the time busy.  There seemed to be only one person on the floor taking care of the bar and the orders.  I had to chase him down for a refill on my tea.  I started off with Mushroom walnut spinach soup.  Its the consistency of chunky baby food.  I think what I should have done was see if I could of taste tested the soups they had available before choosing this.  I attempted to finish the soup but really couldn't because of the saltiness.  Even dipping the bread didn't help.  I love garlic fries, so I went for the garlic oven chips.  Its almost like steak fries.  It wasn't smothered in garlic as I would have wanted to my liking, but again the over seasoning of salt overwhelmed the "homemade" taste.  For my pasty I had the shepards pie.  I have a thing for shepards pie so that was why I chose that.  Now my description of a pasty is a combination of a Empenada/Porowski (If you know what those are), but on steroids.  You may think that the portions look small, but if you are not that hungry, I bet you will take your other half home.  I went for lamb in my pasty and as I took a bite, I thought that I should of went the latter.  The gravy has more of a wine taste than regular brown gravy.  So, I attempted to put Siracha on it, but they had the Lum Kee Siracha.  Must get the rooster one.  That was my experience, from my point of view.  I'm not willing to give up on this place.  I'll find a pasty that I like so I can enjoy along with other yelpers that liked Cornish Pasty Co.
4	OK. Fourth time eating here, ordering the same thing every time, and I have to admit - the Oggie is a little salty. Not sure if it's a combination of the filling and the crust or just the filling, but every time I've noticed it more. Telltale sign is I end up drinking at least 5 glasses of liquid (i.e. water or beer) with my pasty, which is even more than I drink at an Indian buffet.Alas! There *is* a significant difference between the Cornish Pasty Co.'s Oggie and the traditional Upper Peninsula of Michigan pasties I grew up with. The cut of the potatoes is completely different. The Oggie's potatoes are cut au gratin style. Most if not all U.P. pasties' potatoes are diced. The palatable truth comes out only after the ketchup has been slathered on, and you realize that you use far less ketchup when eating the Oggie versus a traditional U.P. pasty. Still good though. The crust is superbly executed and the meat quality is fantastic. If you can get over the au gratin cut potatoes and the salt quotient, this is still a great effort. And, you're 2000 miles away from the American mecca of pasties... what are you gonna do?
5	Yep. I'm in love with a pasty. My buddy April F. and I decided to check out all the hype. We went during our lunch break so it was not very crowded. As much as I am familiar with commercial center (no, I'm not a frequenter of the Green Door), the location was not readily visible. It's in the middle part of restaurants in the center of commercial center. The decor is very hip using old church pews for seating. The music must have been on a British Rock playlist which I appreciated. ON TO THE FOOD!!! I ordered the Oggie and she got the Cottage Pie. Maybe it was because it was the middle of the day but I was informed that I could not order mushy peas (my favorite!!) and the pasties took about a half hour to come out. WORTH THE WAIT!! I slowly cut off a piece of my piping hot pasty, dipped it into my accompanying red gravy sauce and gently placed it into my awaiting mouth. SO DELICIOUS!!! I washed it down with my fresh lemonade (no alcohol since work was after lunch boo!). Perfection. I really like that you can order half baked Oggies to bring home. The service was good despite the seemingly long wait for the food but I get it takes a bit to get those bad boys nice and crispy. We will definitely be back and definitely during a time when we can wash our pasties down with some of the beer on tap. Next time, I will also attempt to save room for dessert since it looked pretty amazing. In summary, WORTH THE HYPE!
5	Totally chill atmosphere with a great selection of music and great food. We had the cheese steak and the royale and each pairs nicely with their red wine gravy. Staff is great as well. My only sad point and not enough to deduct a star was they only has red label Smithwicks. After walking past several times to go to Thai next door we will definitely be back! And OMG I don't even like apples but the apple pasty for dessert is f*ing amazing!
5	I LOVE this place! The staff is super friendly and attentive, and the food is so delicious and incredibly satisfying. Best part is that ALL the Pastys are under $10. How awesome right?! I've been back three times and everything has been consistently glorious. Thank you Cornish Pasty Co. for existing.-Marissa
5	This is my first time coming here. I'm not sure if I got something that you should get. BUT the bread or crust was really excellent. The service was good as well. All in all it's different than the average place to eat .
4	The pasties are yummy and the variety is almost overwhelming. I ordered the chicken tikka and boy oh boy was it such an incredibly tasty pasty! The service was not overly quick but well paced because they bake the pasty fresh.  I am interested in the dessert options
3	Great find in a hard to find spot. Both classic pasties and interesting new ones sometimes straying across cultures to the world of empanadas and samosas with a twist. Interesting beer on tap and a larger selection in both bottle and can. Had the shepherds pie version well spiced with a red wine gravy. They weigh in close to a pound apiece so go hungry or share. Location hint it is in the building in the middle of the parking lot not around the edges.
5	Came back to this gem.... And I have to say.... Pav game is on point.... Just saying. Well done fellas.
5	This place is simply fantastic!  Cool atmosphere (Think British Pub with church pews for benches), great, friendly staff and the FREAKING BEST PUB FOOD EVER.  Whatever your taste, they have a pasty or dish to satiate your hunger.  I just really can't say enough good things!  If you come to Vegas, sure hit the Tao, the Bellagio & whatever.  You'll have failed if you don't go here.  It's really that good.
5	When i first saw the name of this place, i thought "pasty" was pronounced with a long "a" sound. I was wrong! No nipple pasties here (at least none seen). I'm not a beer drinker, so i can't comment on that, but i am totally obsessed with the cottage pie (with beef)! It's the only pasty i order. I know i should try the other delicious-sounding things on the menu, but THIS is the BEST! You must order it! Then order the dessert with strawberries and kiwis, piled high with some type of meringue or whipped cream. I forgot the name. As soon as i sunk my teeth into it, my memory went away! You gotta check out this place!
4	Finally got a chance to visit the Pasty.  First, it is in a hard to find location if you aren't familiar with the hidden restaurants inside commercial center off of Sahara. Situated right next to Komol, the restaurant does indeed have the feel of a pub with the center of attention the beautiful bar.  I came here for lunch and there were about 3 tables full and 3 people at the bar and one waitperson to handle all of us.  As a result, it appeared she was the proverbial chicken with her head cut off, often scurrying past me several times before taking my order, bringing my check, etc.  I have to hand it to her though, she managed to keep my tea filled and was friendly! She had excellent knowledge of the menu and the popular items.Word of caution: if you only have an hour lunch and it takes 15 minutes each way, don't come here unless you order ahead, this place is not quick, and that is probably because the pastry shell needs time to cook.  I watched them prep my meat and cheese pasty and it takes time.  The pasty is filled with large chunks of what reminded me of square meatballs and a cheddary cheese.  I have to say, I was expecting to be disappointed and not have much filling inside like so many calzones and empanadas I have tried.  Luckily, I was pleasantly surprised as my pasty came filled to the brim and I killed 3 days of dieting in one meal.  The red wine gravy was excellent!All in all, the unique offerings here coupled with the extensive pub brew list (including strongbow cider) puts this restaurant on my regular rotation.Sure there are some bugs to work out with the service (A customer at the bar said yesterday they had 6 waitpeople) and if you don't want pasty, your choices are limited to salads and appetizers, but Cornish Pasty Co. is a welcome addition to the area.
5	Located in Commercial Center, their appearance seems to want to scare people away. But go there and eat and drink. I tried the regular Cornish pasty, and the sausage and mash pasty. Both are excellent, pastry is light and delicious. One is enough for a meal. Firestone IPA on draft, what more could anyone want.
5	My big group of friends and I stumbled upon this place randomly when we tried to go eat at Lotus of Sian (which was on the eaters 38 list)... This place, though, was not! Random location with blacked out doors. We were scared to walk in but one of our friends had been to another CPC before so we went inside. I've never had pasties, my boyfriend is from Detroit and has been exposed to them. They were amazing! they quickly got a table together to accommodate 12 people. Note, they don't usually have all this space available. The waitress so so sweet and recommended great dishes. She didn't seem annoyed at all that she had to wait on a table filled with drunk adults. The spicy chicken and bangers and mash were to die for. Everyone enjoyed all the food and all the beer selections that they had. Will recommend this place again and again for Vegas!
4	4 1/2 stars. Located in the strip center of the Siam Thai restaurant and next to Komul Thai restaurant. I came in for lunch during the week and the place was fairly quiet.I heart the decor and layout of the place which is on the smaller side. This was my first experience eating a pasty which is was staple of miners in Britain and is a pastry folded over with a filling of meat, vegetables, etc.  - The selection here is very diverse and the pasties are made fresh daily.   I started off with the Cream of Leek, Potato & Stilton cup of soup served with fresh soft bread. Oh it was delish and I finished every drop. My pasty choice was the Lamb and Mint - Lamb, potatoes, rutabaga, onion, and fresh mint. Instead of the side of red wine gravy I requested the chicken gravy to meet my allergy diet requirement. It took probably 15 minutes for my pasty to arrive and it was cooked perfectly crusty crisp on the outside and the inside filling hot and flavorful. I asked for extra sauce which my friendly waitress promptly fulfilled my request. I'm definitely going to returning here again!
4	What I experienced here is definitely not for the health conscious, but I did see salads on the menu. I opted for the Royale Pasty, which is basically a hamburger in pasty form. The food took a while to make it's way to the table, which is understandable because it is baked. My Royale was nine bucks and is served ala carte. No salad or fries on the side here, however, the Royale is made with fries on the inside. With a drink, lunch was north of twelve bucks, excluding tip. The service was good and the drinks were never empty. The atmosphere was nice with some classic rock 'n roll playing throughout. Looks like they've got a nice selection of beers on tap too! I'd put it at three and a half stars, but have to round to the nearest whole number. Good enough to round up for an even four star rating.
4	Quality food but not my kind of thing.  Music was too loud with few customers there during lunch time.
5	This place was awesome. My husband and I stopped by for dinner tonight. We both had the Oggie and were impressed. The seating situation was a little awkward, with just the two of on a long church pew. My husband didn't want to sit on the bicycle style metal chairs. But seating aside, the overall experience was great. The service was good, although I felt our server paid waaaaaay more attention to other customers who were ordering and sampling different beers. Our server was nice, though. And most importantly, the food was fantastic.
5	This place is friggin' awesome. Been several times and always had a great experience. Menu is huge but not overwhelming. Food is reliably good. Great beer selection, prompt service and a really awesome interior. Don't let the location turn you away.
5	Haven't had a Pasty since my last visit to Lead/Deadwood,. South Dakota. (where they used to sell them to the miners of the Homestake Gold Mine).Chose the OGGIE....the original...it was perfect, hearty, and delicious. I will definately be back!.
5	This place is a hidden Gem.  So fresh.  I order to go. but next time i will eat in.The out side is very intimidating but give it a minute inside.  The food speak by it self.Full of flavors and a lot of options.  Even the Vegi menu have a lot.  The service was great, Kendall, great server, attentive, great customer service and friendly.KUDOS to the chef who make this Master piece of Pastries.
4	This was my second visit- this with my guy.  (First with my bf and her Brit Husband.  I had to get his approval, since I know little of pasties) ..more side notes-  I am born and raised in Michigan, the miners migrated there (upper) and took their Pasty tradition with-- but in my Ann Arbor area they were known as 'pocket pies'.OK on to the restaurant.  Wonderful, warm, stick to the belly food.  Brit said 5 stars by the way.  I have had soup, cant remember the name, delicious- salad- Greek, delicious.  Second visit- last Friday-I had the Vegan special- packed full of marvelous veggies and a salad- my man had the lamb and didn't say a word cause he was too busy eating!!  Yes - he wants to go back.  Also he is a dark beer lover and many places do nothing but offer the Mexican dark and Newcastle- but here he had not only darks, but some tap gems he also liked.I'm giving this 4 stars because the seats are tractor seats with that BIG hump in front (don't know how the guys like it) for me it was a bit 'in the way'.  If I wanted to scoot close to my guy or up to the bar a bit--hump the bump--no way.  hahaNow for the only REAL downside, the elephant in the room-- location.  Seedy, scary, haha, but really the worse part is the famous 'sewer' smell of certain locations in Vegas.  Why the town can't figure out how to 'fix' this I have no idea.  But the location is in that old 'square shaped' shopping center between Sahara and Karen (Paradise and Maryland Pky) you'll find:  Lotus of Siam (good Thai) and Komul Thai (have not tried yet) along with some real creepy looking places.  Don't let that scare you away.Atomsphere:nice, cozy.  Service: very attentive, we sat at the bar. Food: fantastic. Prices: $38 for 2 inc. 1 beer.  Nice local place that won't disappoint.Food was so good, I forgot to take pics.
5	I have tried a few of the meat pasties, they were very good. I have a to try a few more of the other ones. I think I will be focusing on the dessert pasties for a while.
5	Stopped in for a quick dinner with a friend, ordered a salmon pasty.  I would highly recommend.  The Shirley temple dessert was also super fabulous. Two winners. I will be going back soon.
3	I've been wanting to try this place for a while. It's in the same shopping complex as Lotus of Siam so I could never hit it up as long as Lotus was open. Last Sunday night, it was on. The place was small and seemed more bar than restaurant. The vibe was trendy, "hipsterry" and industrial which translates to the chairs being a bit uncomfortable. We were in the mood for some serious meat pie and my husband ordered the Meat and Cheese pasty which has pork, sausage, cheddar and swiss cheeses. I went with the Cheese Steak pasty. We ordered a side of mushy peas but they were out. Out of mushy peas?! Sacrilege! They must bake the items to order because the wait for our food felt pretty long. Definitely longer than 20 minutes. When the food finally arrived, I was surprised by how large the portions were. The steak in my pasty was flavorful and the pie was piping hot. The crust was dense enough to hold all the filling yet flaky on the outside.We decided to end our meal with tea and dessert. We ordered the Sticky Toffee Pudding and the Chocolate Bread and Butter Pudding. The toffee pudding was the undisputed winner of the two and we should've gotten two of that instead. At the end, the meal was pretty cheap and the pies were delicious but were definitely too heavy for me to crave as a regular meal. Not a lot of places in Vegas that serve legit pie and the Cornish Pasty Co. satisfies.
4	An unusual find in Vegas. I grew up on the UP of Michigan so am familiar with pasties. I never really cared for the traditional ground beef/pork,potato, rutabaga, and onion versions. This place has them but also a huge selection of other options filled with stuff I like to eat. I had the veggie Mexican and enjoyed it. They had some desserts that looked awesome but I had to pass. Here is a tip- let it cool a bit before eating. Anyone from the UP will understand when I say this place would have a lot of old Finns rolling in their graves but let em roll. I'd come back anytime.
5	Great place! Some of the best off the strip food I've ever had in Vegas. I had the shepherds pie pasty and garlic chips. The garlic chips are the best I've ever had. Try this place now.
5	Great food! First time trying pasty, it was excellent. A perfectly baked pastry dough with a golden brown exterior, stuffed with so much goodness.  I ordered the lamb mint pasty, nicely spiced and served with a flavorful red wine sauce.  This place is a must try when in Vegas. Cheers!
5	I almost dont want to review this place, because I like it being my little secret. The food and drinks are great, very cozy atmosphere mixed with comfort food. The people are fun. The food is authentic and the menu is a pretty decent size. My two favorites are the chicken pot pie and Philly steak.
5	Come hungry because portions are huge but order a beer and relax while they prepare your food. It's not fast good, it's oven baked awesomeness. I had the Cajun Chicken, wife had the Italian. We were both very happy with our choices. I'll be coming back on my next Vegas trip.
4	Having been to this area before for a different restaurant, I was surprised to see that Cornish Pasty Co. was in a place I was familiar with. With an unsuspecting exterior, this place had a modern homey feel to it when I walked in. The only thing I have to complain about is the schoolroom carpet: one color, thin and boring. The old church pews that served as booths were a plus -- I definitely thought they were charming. Lastly, make sure your butt pockets don't have buttons. The bar stools will eat them.I have never been to a pub. I didn't know what to expect when it came to the food, let alone was pasties were like. The wait for your food is worth it. I ordered the Bangers and Mash (pork sausage with sage, cut into cubes topped with rich mashed potatoes); my mom had their garden salad. I'm assuming her dressing was excellent because no sooner so I see her dip a cucumber into it, she's pouring the whole thing all gun ho'.Cornish Pasty Co. offers a wide variety of options; even a whole section dedicated to those that are partial to vegetarianism. I didn't see their dessert options, but am aware that they offer them, as a couple behind me were enjoying something sweet. Also, their alcohol selection was highly varied from your typical bar fare to more ethnic choices.I will be sure to stop by this location when the sun sets for dinner because as it stands, it's too hot to enjoy a lunch there.
5	One of the girls at work had her Tech go out for lunch for us.  I've never had pastry like this other than at faires back east.  She got the Mexican and also the Greek pastries and we shared both.  I really liked the Mexican a lot, it was delicious and had a good kick to it.  The Greek was also good, but I liked the Mexican a lot more.  Since this was a take out that was brought to us, I look forward to visiting the location in the near future.  I'm not too happy of where it's located, not the best part of town, but it will be worth going there.
5	Love this place!!! Love the food love the vibe. Salmon Salad amazing!! Can't wait to go again!!
5	A fantastic addition to Commercial Center!  Cool reclaimed church pews, great selection of draught beers and delicious food!  We shared the traditional Oggie, filled with tender steak and potatoes with a side of wine gravy.  My GF had the half salmon salad - the salmon was fantastic!  I had the sausage salad - it is huge!  Tons of sage sausage with crispy romaine, roasted red peppers, feta, served with a yummy mustard cream dressing. I read that their sticky toffee pudding rivaled Gorden Ramsay's.  I can compare them but I and tell you that Cornish Pasty's is delicious.  Served in a lava hot pot ( I know I touched it - I never listen), it is bubbling with a delicious caramel sauce.  The cold vanilla ice cream is a perfect partner.  I can't wait to try the other pasties!
4	Cornish Pasty Co. is a little hard to spot when you get to the plaza.  I was thinking it was near Lotus of Siam so when I walked by LoS and didn't see it.   I was a little confused to where it was.  That was until I looked around and noticed it was across the huge parking lot from me.  Ugh!!   Everything was good when I got inside though.Anyways, on to the Pasties.  When I saw pics of them on yelp, I had a general idea how big they were.  Unfortunately, I made the mistake of ordering two pasties and getting super stuffed.  I didn't anticipate how dense one of the pasties would be.  I went ahead and ordered the Royale with Cheese since it seemed pretty popular and to balance it out with a veggie option, I went with the Balsamic Portabello.Royale with Cheese --  http://bit.ly/1ngvJrWHamburger, (medium or well) French fries, grilled onions, mushrooms, bacon, cheddar Swiss blend, Side of ranch, 1000 island, ketchup, or BBQ sauce.The Royale with Cheese was good, but I'm not sure if it's something I'd order again.  It was way too dry for me.  The fries and puff pastry combined made this pasty a little hard to swallow even after spreading the special sauce around it.  The beef hamburger inside was pretty good though.Balsamic Portabello --  http://bit.ly/1ngvu07Balsamic marinated portobello mushrooms, fresh mozzarella, roasted red peppers and fresh basil. With a side of marinara.I'd say that my favorite between the two Pasties I ordered was definitely the Balsamic Portabello.  It was pretty much like eating a calzone.  You just gotta love gooey mozzarella and mushrooms.  The pastry on this one wasn't as dense as the Pastry on the Royale with Cheese.Overall, I was pretty impressed with their Pasties and liked how many different types of Pasties they made over there.  If I lived in Vegas, I'd probably visit them quite often to try all of them.
5	Five stars all the way!I finally got around to trying this place and, damn, I'm sorry I waited so long. It's really fantastic food! Yeah, it's in a sketchy, post-apocalyptic-looking shopping center and all, but the food is absolutely phenomenal! I almost regret even posting this review because I kind of want to keep this place as much of a secret as possible. I could go on and on, but I'll spare you.In a nutshell: They offer a wide variety of pasties. So many, in fact, I can't see ever choosing one without being a little bummed you didn't go another way. They are hot, filling, freshly-made comfort food at it's best. That's really the best I can do here. I lack the vocabulary to do them the justice they deserve. You just need to try one for yourself. You will not be disappointed. If you are, you are probably a real jerk.The dining room is small and cozy and (yikes!) dark. All of which, I dig. The seating sucks, though. It's either big, communal tables or some of the most form-fitting chairs I've ever let get to 3rd base. They had a delicious dark beer (can't remember the name), but I couldn't handle sitting on those seats long enough to drink more than 2.(Yep. The seats suck that bad and I'm still giving them a 5 for their food)Beyond that, the staff is friendly and attentive and the like and the prices are very reasonable. You can actually do it "take and bake", for a discounted price, if you prefer. We did a caramel apple pasty that way and it was awesome.So, yeah, this place is a fantastic find and, no matter how badly I may want to keep it a secret, I can not recommend it highly enough. I think this calls for a "BOOYAH"!
4	Lotus of Siam had too long of a wait so I wandered over here.  Great little hole in the wall dinner spot.  Meat pastries dominate the menu and they are actually quite filling at an average of $9 each.  Definitely a different food experience than anything else I've had in Vegas.  Decent beer selection as well.  I got The Pilgrim, which was like Thanksgiving in a pastry, delish.  Came with a side of their red wine gravy and cranberry sauce.  Only complaint was I ordered thier baked potato fries as an appetizer but they didn't even come out by the time I finished my Pilgrim.  Not sure if they had started a new batch for my order or what.  The waitress took it off my bill without a second thought though.  She was working by herself but still managed to deliver decent service.Place is way off the strip (a plus in my book if you are driving) in a somewhat deserted shopping mall.  Worth a try if you are looking for a no hassle made-from-scratch dinner that's easy on the wallet.
4	I really enjoyed this place. The staff is not only friendly, but just plain cool. The vibe is like a really great bar-- but without the nasty , disgusting, cigarette smoke. Then there's the food-- delicious! And so much to choose from including plenty of veggie and vegan options, a fantastic dessert menu, and a huge variety of beers. I'll be back. A lot.
4	First of all, this place is in the Commercial Center Shopping Complex off Sahara, which in itself is a sketchy area (located near some fetish clubs, a swingers club and a men's bath house)...Went in here on a whim during lunch break. When I first walked in, there was only one other customer, some guy sitting at the bar, nursing a beer. Bartender (think his name was Liam???) immediately greeted me, asked me what he could get me to drink and presented me a menu. Liam (if that's his name) was super friendly, and took his time explaining all about the different kinds of Pastys' since I had never had one...his customer service couldn't have been any more wonderful. As time went by, the place started filling up pretty quickly and Liam (??) was on a roll, giving awesome customer service to all who came through the door as he was acting as bartender, server and cashier!When my pasty arrived, I was pleasantly surprised...toasty golden brown on the outside....I cut into it and it looked pretty great....I got the cottage pie pasty: beef, mashed potatoes, veggies, etc. It comes with some type of gravy to pour over it/dip into it...gravy was amazing. However, I was disappointed as I felt the beef was under seasoned. I also expected the pasty to be a little more light and flaky, like the top of a pot pie...but if that is how they originally are made then so be it. Customer service: 5 starsFood: 3 stars (would have been 4 if the beef had been more seasoned)Definitely will be back though to try some of the other pastys'!!!
5	I am British (and have eaten many Cornish pasties) and have to say this place is excellent! Even though they were out of mushy peas and HP, the quality of the pasties were outstanding. I will be back to satisfy my craving for home cooked food! British cooking at it's best. Try it!
3	Always.. So..Delicious. This place does it right. In an assuming building in the commercial center off of Sahara Ave., This place is a welcome addition to the local food scene.Seriously fantastic. I'm a big fan of fresh baked goods, savory or sweet. Cornish Pasty has it down.  I've had 5 or 6 different Pasty's.. and both the mushroom walnut spinach soup, and potato leek are two rich and delicious reasons that I frequent spot place!Service is friendly, and the price for a meal is just right. Give it a bite! You'll be glad you did! Happy Eating!
5	Love this place! Food is fantastic, service is very friendly, and it's reasonably priced.The red wine gravy is to die for!
5	It doesn't get better than this.They make the pasties from scratch here and it shows.  These are light years ahead of pasties I've had in Butte, MT (a mining town).  They are billions and billions of light years ahead of the nasty, ass-flavored pasties I've consumed at various "British pubs" throughout the Midwest.  These pasties are almost certainly better than anything you can get in the UP of Michigan, though I've thankfully never been to Yooperland.Great beer selection and superior service.I know, I know, it's in the sketchy Commercial Center.  If you're ascared, just go there during the day...it will be OK!!!I can't envision coming to Vegas again w/o making a trip here.  It's just that good.
4	I had the Italian.  My two lunch buddies had the Pesto Chicken and Reuben.  I tasted all and it was GOOD!  First time here, definitely not the last.  Bar type environment.  Spacious table seating.  In the commercial center on Sahara next to other food choices.  I will be back!
5	If you've ever thought to yourself, "yeah, light lunch...that's stupid, I'm starving." then Cornish Pasty will be your friend.It's a cozy, low-key joint with the most comfortable church pews I've ever sat in, a great beer selection, and an extensive menu of Pasty's that all look absolutely amazing. I've tried about 7 different kinds, and my favorite is the pretty traditional Sheperd's Pie, which is ridiculously good.  The crust is light and buttery and delicious, and the fillings are always amazing. They also have a ton of vegetarian options, which I have not tried, but one of my Veggie Co-workers waxed Rhapsodic over. Apparently it's hard to do vegetarian Chicken pot pie? Deserts are crazy good, as long as you don't mind a sugar/cream coma. I'm personally a huge fan of the Puddings, both Sticky Toffee and Chocolate bread. ooohh, so good.Pros:- Really good prices for the food you get, friendly staff, and unless they are totally packed, a very quick lunch spot.- Puddingsssssss.- If you like playing menu pokemon, it will take you at least a solid month of coming every day to catch em all, and so far, 7 in, they are all delicious.- Easy parking- I think staff picks the music, and it's usually pretty awesome.Cons;- I don't even want to know the calorie count. - Nearly impossible to Not Get Desert.
5	Went today for lunch.  Saw a article in the Las Vegas paper.  I had the Oggie (traditional for me of course) and my wife had the Bangers and Mash.  Both were excellent.  I am a genuine Yooper having eaten my first pasty over 60 years ago.  The Oggie was better than many of the ones found at roadside Finnish Pasty shops in Da UP (Upper Peninsula of Michigan) and on par with some of the homemade ones I've had.  Next time I might try something different because they have a huge variety.
5	Amazingly delicious meat filled pockets of heaven.  Don't let the location scare you from visiting here, it's more than worth it.   Ordered the royal which is basically a bacon cheeseburger in a pasty.  So perfectly balanced and fantastic.  Husband got the eggplant parmesan, equally delicious.   Mushy peas were perfect.   They also have a ton of beers and some hard cider choices.   Highly recommend.
5	As a British person living in LV for almost 10 yrs now, I often get asked, "do you miss home" my response has typically been "I miss the food"This is where Cornish Pasty Co comes in. I've travelled the world several times and this place does a pasty right. Like many of the reviews say, don't be put off by the location. I'd drive to a war zone for the food here. Our server was friendly and helpful, the craft beer selection is awesome and my wife discovered a new favourite cider with the Aspall, I highly recommend the Oven Chips with garlic, I had the Lamb and Mint pasty which was perfect and then the Sticky Toffee Pudding which was out of this world. It's hard to pick a meal highlight because everything was great. Thank you Cornish Pasty Co. For bringing a taste of home for me to LV. I'll be back. Regularly!!
4	Came here for lunch with my friend (a local) during a recent business trip to Vegas.  I specifically mention that we came for lunch because when I first mentioned it to my friend, he described the area as "a bit sketchy" and was concerned about going there a night.  So, lunch it was!  And an excellent lunch it was too!  Arriving sometime after 1pm, we enjoyed ample parking (in a giant, somewhat sketchy strip mall), and just a handful of customers in the restaurant.  We grabbed two seats at the bar and were greeted promptly.Side note: I read complaints in other reviews about the bar seats.  They are not bar stools, at least not like any stools I have sat on before.  They are formed, metal seats that I felt offered a much better sense of stability.  Were they comfortable?  Well, they didn't bother me at all.OK, back to the meal.  I ordered the Oggie, their "Traditional" pasty, which was filled with steak, potatoes, onion and rutabaga, and served with a side of red wine gravy.  My friend ordered the Shepherd's Pie, which as it so happened, the cook was assembling fresh right before our eyes.  This food is hearty, savory and delicious!  The staff are friendly and inviting.  All said and done, even with it's off the beaten path location, my friend (the local) thanked me for discovering CPC and told me that he will be a frequent visitor.  Give it a shot!  You will not be disappointed.
4	Really tasty place! They have a large selection of beers, both bottle and draft.  Also, their food is pretty awesome.  We had the bangers and mash, meat and cheese and rosemary steak.  The wine gravy was divine and the sage sausage was perfect.  The music and ambiance was hipster and super cute. The only ish was that the tables were not super clean.  The seats had some crumbs and goo so we opted for the bar.
4	The Skinny: sporting a short crust pastry shell, the unique and innovative flavors will have you coming back again (3.75) service: not bad for a British pub (4) value: for about $10ish you get a pretty good tuck in (4).This joint kind of feels like a hole in the wall pub from the outside so I was relieved that it had a little bit of a modern decor inside. With the black walls sporting old photographs of Cornish miners (I am assuming), the small intimate space has a cozy vibe to it. The music, thankfully, isn't too intrusive and you can carry a nice conversation which is a change from most bars/pubs. They have 3 types of seating - a few communal tables, small tables and bar stools. Thankfully free of smoke, it is actually a pleasant environment to have a meal.We were starving after catching a movie before dinner so we ordered three different flavours of pasty - the chicken tikka masala, the eggplant parm, and the chicken pot pie. To be frank, I think our eyes were bigger than our stomachs because we barely made a dent in the third pasty. It is nice that the pasty is served cut in half which made it nice for sharing. Our pies came in a rather timely manner - within 15 minutes of ordering which was a godsend. First let's talk about the crust. The pies have a short crust pastry which leads to a crisp, slightly crumbly texture. It is not a puff pastry or your standard flaky pie crust. It held up quite well considering the moisture from the filling. It had a beautiful golden color and had the perfect thickness to match.That being said, to not overwhelm the crust, the filling tends to be a bit on the drier side. So you must consume the pastry with the accompanying dipping sauce. It not only provides contrasting flavours, it enhances the overall "mouth-feel".Chicken tikka masala - a little on the spicier side, I found this pasty to really require the cool yogurt mint sauce that it comes with. The flavors are pretty good - I think the marinade could use a tinge more acidity, a little bit smokier (from fire roasted tomatoes, of course!) and perhaps dial back on the spice level. Overall, pretty satisfying. This was my hubby's favourite.Eggplant parm - I like the fact that this pasty is brimming with vegetables but the crust totally holds (ie, it isn't soggy at all!). The combination of the marinara, mozarella and variety of vegetables makes this a very satisfying meal. This was my favourite.Chicken pot pie - a little bit unbalanced in the flavour (it had a bit too strong celery taste in the pot pie and could have used a bit more carrot - bonus would be to add some umami to this dish), this was probably our least favourite of the three. The chicken/thyme gravy was a little bit too thick and was overly salty.Service was quick and efficient. Our server was pretty nice, refilled our water glasses promptly even though she was the only one serving and she even offered to refill some of the dipping sauces for us even though we didn't need it.Overall, I was very satisfied by my visit here considering the level of cuisine, the service and the value (pasties set you back around $9+ pretip/tax). I would recommend this place for vegetarians - they really have an extensive menu for those looking to avoid meat. I look forward to returning and trying other items on their menu. 4-starred review.
5	location of the shopping center is a little off putting but it is worth the trip! The restaurant is clean, neat & the restrooms are large & clean. The staff is very helpful & friendly.  NOW TO THE REALLY  IMPORTANT PART.  The pasties are made fresh daily, you can even watch them roll the dough , make the various stuffing mixes and bake them. The taste is authentic- we had pasties in England and Ireland. One pasty is a meal, you are stuffed. There area a variety to chose from but our favorite was the Oggie, the original pasty. The fries are long, thick,  crisp, gently spiced & the portions large.   You will thank yourself for eating there.  We ate there twice while in Las Vegas  during the July 4 holiday & highly recommend them.
5	I lived in a mining community in Northern Ontario Canada, and families traditionally made pastys for the mining men. They would take these meals underground in a metal lunch bucket and place them on the machinery to warm them up.  I still have a metal lunch bucket, but have missed making the pastys. Well, the Cornish Pasty Co have captured the spices excellently in the Oggie. Adding many IPAs to the choice of beverages makes this a great social place in the Commercial Center!
4	Soooo...I convinced my Grandpa to come here with me which was no easy feat.  He is 94, very stubborn, and only eats Italian and American food. He is a regular at Samstown Buffett and Olive Garden (which he thought was a little local joint with authentic Italian....boy was he surprised when I explained to him they were nationwide and almost as common as McDonalds.). Anyway, as soon as he saw the menu, he said, "I don't think we can eat here.  There's nothing here we like.", meaning him of course, because I eat everything. The menu has a few soups, sides and salads, but everything else is basically a meal served in a hot pocket style bread wrapping. Almost like a pastry, but don't get it confused, because this is pasty with no R.  And they are real quick to correct you on that every time you mispronounce it too. So, I ordered a cup of the Cream of Leek, Potato and Stilton soup at the urging of the waitress. You ask what is Stilton?  Well, so did I. The waitress said it was like a blue cheese...as she is explaining this, I was shaking my head and turning up my nose.  Then she said, yeah I don't like blue cheese either, but this is good. So I ordered it. Mistake!  If you don't like blue cheese...don't get Stilton anything!  It actually had a pretty good flavor, but then the aftertaste of the blue cheese creeped into my mouth.  Yuk!  Luckily she took it off the order.  LOL!  Ok, so I don't eat EVERYTHING. ;)Next I ordered the potato chips, which were very well done. I also asked for plain, but could tell they had garlic on them. They were strangely hard on the outside, but still soft in the middle. I actually liked this texture  as weird as that is. The garlic was good, but I wanted to share with my Grandpa and he doesn't like garlic.  Didn't really matter, because he took one bite and was over the texture instantly. Lastly the pasty I ordered was the bangers and mash.  It was pretty good. I loved the pastry outside of the bread. The mashed potatoes were creamy and the sausage had a good flavor. The waitress said the sausage was made in-house too. My picky Grandpa ordered the chicken pot pie, which he really liked. HaHa, I told him he needs to venture out and try new things. He kinda agreed, but I'm not stupid....I won't be taking him next door to Lotus of Siam anytime soon. I'll be back, because I really want to come and try some of the different options. Who's in?  :D
5	Hole in the wall but the place is great. Food is hot from the oven and the toffee dessert is to die for!!
4	This place is fantastic. It's located in Commercial center. It offer's the Cornish version of the Calzone, a stuffed pastry of various varieties. They offer Vegan and Vegetarian options, beer on tap, and a great atmosphere.I've eaten here for lunch about ten times and brought coworkers and friends. It really is a great place to chill out and relax.The Creamy Leek, Stilton and Potato Soup is chunky and wholesome. It comes with bread and is served in a cup or bowl.If you order chips, be prepared to share.Keep in mind that although a pasty is about ten bucks, if you order an appetizer, you can split a pasty, or have half a pasty for dinner easily.The Shepard's Pie pasty was fantastic. The Lamb and Mint was also tasty, but I preferred the Shepard's Pie. The Peppered Steak is bursting with flavor with a hint of stilton and its Creamy Brandy Sauce. The Reuben The only Pasty I didn't care for was the Carne Adovada, which was raved about in the Las Vegas Weekly, so I guess there's something for everyone.I've always been too stuffed to get to the desserts, but I'm working on that. Go, enjoy, try something that is different than other stuff here in Vegas, and have fun!
4	The first visit, I was intrigued. The second, I became a fan. From that point on, I could not help, but tell people about this place. The concept of taking something as simple as a classic meat pie and filling it with some extravagant ingredients might just work. Well, of course it would work. The important thing is perfecting the crust that allows the fillings to shine. For the most part, this does happen. Some of the pies are overshadowed by strong or overpowering spices, but overall they are delicious. The Porky, for instance, is overcome by sage. All of the other ingredients are taken over by this one spice. The Royale with Cheese is one of my favorites though. To have all of the best components of a cheeseburger in a handheld snack is amazing. My only complaint is the lack of consistency in their menu. Instead of doing such a large selection, maybe to offer specials on certain days or setting specific days for each pasty would make it easier to keep plenty. The soups have all run salty every time I ordered one. The sides are hit or miss. The oven fries with jalapenos and garlic are always delicious.The beer selection is reasonable and affordable. Although it is not a huge variety, it is enough to over all of the bases.
5	More delicious than real british food ever could be! reasonably priced and a fun place.
4	First time here and the food was great! I tried the chicken tikka masala and my friend tried the Mexican. I def had the better pasty. And their apple caramel pasty dessert is a must have!  Only tiny complaint was that for such a hot day outside, they could have cranked the AC up a little more for their customers' comfort. It's never a good thing when you have to see yoir customers fanning themselves with their napkins as we're waiting for our food. All in all, a great experience. Great atmosphere and great food with great service!
3	I'm glad we finally have one of this in las vegas. If you never had a chance to try any of these restaurants you must go. To give you an idea their menu consist of a pastry filled with pretty much anything you can think of. Their menu are pretty extensive, they even have vegetarian options! Their atmosphere is pretty chill and laid back. Just imagine your typical British bar and thats pretty much what you will find when you visit this place. Oh the best part of it: they have several beer options including some ginger beer!
4	Wow! Who knew a neighborhood gem could pop up in Commercial Center?!!  Upon a recommendation from another business, I went with my date.  We are a bit adventurous but had no idea how awesome this place could be.  Commercial Center is a very diverse plaza, and it is deceiving from the outside of the restaurant as to what to expect.  When you enter, it is indeed a totally different experience.The menu has something for everyone - including vegan and vegetarian.  We had the Spinach, Mushroom, and Walnut Soup which was absolutely amazing.  The curried potatoes were also very good.  It took me a few moments to realize most of the items are, indeed, served inside the tasty pastry.  The eggplant parmesan pasty was definitely better than any eggplant parmesan I have had.  The Caesar pasty was also very good.  We ended with a peanut butter and jelly pasty ... mmm!  A very nice selection of beers and very comfortable place.  By the time we left, the place was packed!  And for the amount of food, the check was very modest.  Service was great, despite the busy night.  I am going back again and bringing more friends!
5	This visit marks my foray into the wonderful world of pasties. A friend of mine lived in England and continues to rave about these savory treats. After visiting Cornish Pasty Co. I am sold. I had the Cottage Pie pasty, an exceptional blend of beef, carrots, peas, mashed potatoes and cheddar in the most beautifully golden crust I may have ever enjoyed. (My primary take away is that Cottage Pie is Shepherd's Pie with beef standing in for lamb.)I took my more than generous sized pasty to go. While I waited, I sat at the bar and enjoyed a cider which was on tap. The two bartenders who took care of me were very friendly and quite forthcoming with information about the menu. I can't wait to go back and have a proper sit-down meal. The long tables and bench seating would be great for a large gathering of friends in a quaint, intimate setting. One pasty is plenty for a meal. There will probably be leftovers. I loved the red wine gravy!
4	The food is fantastic! We enjoyed Shepard's Pie, Cottage Pie, Bangers and Mash and Oggie Pasties... All delicious! Would've been 5 star if my review was on food quality alone.  The only server working was very nice but because she was the only one working, service was very very slow. Regardless, we will be back. Just allow extra time for possible slow service.
3	Hurry, because the service is going to rob you of the opportunity to enjoy the best pastry - vegan pastry I've ever experienced. Do not miss the garlic chips and coleslaw.  My man had the lamb, spicy,! He broke a sweat but couldn't stop eating .I'm not sure that I will return, but maybe order to go so that I won't be forgotten , ignored, and challenged by the waitress.The food is delicious and the price is inexpensive. Really great place to take a hungry man and feed him well.  Food is 4 1/2.  Service, she better be someone's soul mate because she doesn't belong in service industry, 1 star- BEWARE!Really sad- the food is incredible, the place is funky cool and clean- the service will kill this restaurant.
4	Here for the first time and ordered beef only was awesome and outstanding combination of the spice. Good atmosphere and highly recommend the place. Cost is so good and reasonable. Good quality of cooking. Easy coming at the place........
5	Great food! Great atmosphere! Great beer! We will be going back for sure and brining our friends!
5	I am from Michigan and grew up eating pasties from the U.P. I was so excited to find this place!  We got the original and a chicken pot pie and both were excellent!  It was worth the drive for sure.
5	Spectacular peppered steak and Stilton pastie, great service and, well, finding pasties in a Las Vegas strip mall was the best thing that happened last weekend.They also have dry blackthorn cider on tap, which for a somerset boy like me is perfect.If there was one of these in the Bay Area I'd pretty much live there. My mouth is watering just writing this review...
5	My bff and I went for lunch about two months ago.  The service could stand to be upgraded.  That being said, OMG!  I am originally from Michigan where I thought I enjoyed the best pasties ever.  Who would have thought that I found an equal in the middle of the desert!  Yummmy, yummmy.  Brought some home pre-baked to enjoy at a later time.  The garlic fries and slaw were to die for.  Will be going back several times.
5	I never knew what a pasty was until this place came around, but man am I glad I know what it is now. Every pasty that I've tried is beyond delicious! My favorite pasty is the Lovely Bit of Salmon, I can't get enough of it! There are a lot of vegetarian options here too, which I love. The real gem here is the Shirley Temple Pudding dessert. Words cannot describe how amazing it is. It's so good, I refuse to share! I take my friends and family here and they all love the food here. Even my dad loves it and he's very picky! :) The bartenders/servers are very nice. This is a seat yourself anywhere type of place, and I found it to be a perfect spot to eat great food and catch up with a friend. They never rush you out, which is always nice. The employees always make great suggestions and have yet to let me down.
5	Not sure why everyone is knocking the service, this is my second time here and she has been pretty good. The food is fantastic and I'm looking to come back many more times. The Irish working class theme is a nice touch without being over the top.
4	When my co-workers offered to take me to lunch for my birthday I began to think outside the box for places we had not tried or perhaps had never even heard of.  I found Cornish Pasty Co. and that fit the bill rather well.  I spread the word and requested we give it a try and the co-workers obliged.  So five of us piled into a tiny compact car and drove the couple of miles to the Commercial Center on Sahara and went to one of the dining establishments there within.   We were the only dining party in the entire restaurant.  No surprise since we were there at 11:00 AM right when they opened.  Obviously we were seated right away in a corner booth with what seemed to be old church pews for benches.  It was not the most comfortable seating but it worked.  I did notice some intriguing bar stools around the bar area.  They are old metal tractor seats.  I also noticed the loud hard rock music playing.  I heard the White Stripes, Iron Maiden, Metallica.  Not bad.  It took us a few songs to carefully look at the menu and make our meal time decisions.  I settled upon the eggplant parm pasty.  It was stuffed with cheese, eggplant, zucchini, brocoli and basil.  Served on the side was a small cup of marinara that tasted very fresh.  My boss ordered a reuben pasty that looked amazing.  I don't recall what everybody else ordered but it all looked good and everybody seemed happy with their meal.  I was the only one who finished my meal.  The lightweights of the group all asked to take their meals home for later.  One eaven ordered a pasty to take home for her husband to bake that night.  What a clever idea that is.  A take and bake option at an otherwise dine in establishment.  We are fans and have added Cornish Pasty Co. to our rotation of dining out options.  Now I just need to go back after work to try a pint of Boddington's Pub Ale on draught.
4	Ate here with friends - the food was great - between us we had an Ogie and the Shepherds Pie versions of pasty.  They were more than enough for a meal, I took half of mine home, because I wanted to leave room for the sticky toffee pudding - delicious.  Service was a little slow but very cheerful and responsive to requests. Music could have been a little quieter, but not a huge problem.   We will be back.  Parking was easy, once we had located the restaurant in the huge space that is Commercial Center - haven't been there for years.
5	Go there...go there now!  What are you waiting for? My Cornish pasty was one of the best I've ever eaten in the world, and I'm from  pie capital of the world (the UK) so that's a pretty big compliment!Don't let the slightly dodgy neighbourhood  (okay, I'm being nice here, you are certainly not in "Kansas" any more) put you off, and to be honest the black painted restaurant front lacks a little (again being nice) curb appeal.  Just go in...I assure you that you will not be disappointed with the pasties!Ok, so I am going to speak to the service but I am not putting the blame for the slow service and lack of a "MUST HAVE WITH PASTY" side.  The onus belongs on the owners who are clearly over working their one waitress during peak times.  My colleague and I arrived around 11:30 and about 4 tables were full.  Then a table of about 8 arrived. So I wouldn't say the place was packed out.  We waited about 25 minutes (and I'm guessing here) for our food, but it was WELL worth the wait.  Our waitress was friendly and helpful and was doing the absolute best she could on her own.  My biggest disappointment was the lack of mushy peas.  If you've never had mushy peas with your pie (or pasty) then you have never lived.  We're not talking your bog-standard garden pea variety here, these are well-cooked, sloppy marrow fat peas that "mush" once cooked (yep, no masher involved here!)  They are a perfect accompaniment to your pie or pasty (along with the most delicious gravy). Despite having mushy peas on the menu, my hopes were dashed when I was informed that one of "the partners" didn't make the peas yesterday (yes, this sloppy, side dish of scrumptiousness takes a LONG time to cook).  So, after crying a little into my diet coke, I put on a brave face and ate my pasty without the mushy peas.  As I said, one of the best I've ever tasted!  i had the original (The Oggie) and the best in my opinion.  If you've never had a pasty before, get the original - it's truly a masterpiece!So, to the owners - get yourself some additional help and get the bloody mushy peas on every day!  I gave you 5 stars because of your amazing food and the service was great but slow, but I can't blame the waitress for that. So, if fellow yelpers make it to the bottom of my diatribe, they can decide for themselves if they are willing to put up with slow service and missing side dishes for an AMAZING pasty (yes...PAST-Y, not PASTE-Y)
5	Service is amazing, food is always very good!!
4	Just stopped in for a Vegan Pasty. It was really busy, but the mood was great and the food fantastic. I've been trying to go for a vegan four times in the past week, and I've discovered it's a really good idea to call in advance to ensure they can accommodate the animal-free eaters in your party.Also had chips. Very tasty and cooked to perfection.. The waitress was slammed and apologized for a delay, but the food didn't really seem to take that long. I was able to go and come back on my lunch hour.
5	First time there and seriously impressed. The server did not stop moving once. She was the bartender and server and the place was fairly busy. Great atmosphere and the food was delicious. I'm still full but already thinking about what I'll have the next time I'm there.
4	The food here is amazing, although the service can vary from decent to poor; there have been nights where the waitress sits on her phone, blatantly ignoring customers. However, the food keeps us coming back. Unfortunately every time we've been there they have been out of the desserts we wanted to try, but otherwise the food is spot on and delicious.
5	This place is amazing! A wonderful hole in the wall, with utterly delicious and unique food in the Vegas valley. I ordered the meat and cheese pasty, it was cooked to order and the crust was tender and flaky, the filling the interior was so yummy, it was good enough without the red wine gravy, but if you know what's good for you, try that gravy! It's like noneother I've had before. A hip, casual place with a great beer selection..plus Blackthorne cider ON TAP. Now, I thnk I have a new place to nosh for a great meal!
5	I have been trying to come to The Cornish Pasty Co for a very long time now and I was not disappointed. The food is absolutely delicious. Being from England myself I can honestly say these are the best pasties I have ever eaten. We ordered the Bangers and Mash pasty and also the Cajun Chicken pasty. Nothing short of amazing. The Bangers and Mash took me back home after the first bite, perfect sausages with great mashed potatoes with grilled onions, yummy. The Cajun Chicken was a great twist that I have never seen in a pasty. Delicious chicken with ham, bacon, and swiss cheese, oh and lets not forget the chipotle sauce to dip in. Also ordered the oven chips with cheese and jalepenos. Everything was piping hot and fresh, made right in front of you if you're at the bar. Place is nice on the inside with dim lighting, staff was great and friendly, their looks and personalities bring the place alive. Large selection of beers and wine from all over the world, no hard alcohol here. Only negatives is the no hard alcohol as I'm a Jack and coke kind of guy and the location is a little hard to find as it's in a large complex. Don't let the black exterior stop you from entering, it will be your loss. I will be returning very shortly!!!
5	This downtrodden shopping center has another great restaurant.  Believe the hype.  The best English food in town.  Each pasty is unique, delicious and satisfying.  The soups are fantastic and the appetizers are amazing.  Who cares about service when the food is so mouthwatering (although my service was very good).  I like the rosemany chicken with real or faux chicken.  The lamb, steak, eggplant, faux meat and other pasty(s) are creative flavorful recipes, and this is a one of a kind joint not to be missed.  Kudos to pasties.
5	Everything was great!  The food, the service, the atmosphere.  We had a great late dinner here and can't wait to come back (not so close to closing time).  Great selection of beers and food was delicious!  Really recommend the Reuben!  They make their sauerkraut homemade, in house.  So delicious :-).
5	This is my first Pasty (past-ee) and its pretty rocking. Apparently it's an English miner (like the coal miner kind of miner) food from the 13th century. The crust is my new favorite sandwich thing ever. It's like eating a pastry somewhat but thicker and its weird to describe or maybe I'm just not very eloquent but it's the business. I can see this place as being a big to-go option for me because it's a convenient way to get food food on the run. Excellent beer selection, small but inspired wine selection, no hard alcohol. Service was excellent the owners came by and checked in me and talked about the history of Pasty and answered my questions which is a big deal in an Applebee's world. If you want to bring someone to lunch/dinner where you don't have to worry if they'll find something they like on the menu and it will impress them with your ingenuity in chic restaurants this is where you wanna be.
5	This modest restaurant offers a menu that is a throwback from the UK. I love the uniqueness of choices offered from traditional English pasties and some great side dishes.  They offer two pages of pasties with different fillings. I tried three different panties.  My favorite was Rosemary Chicken, it was fresh, a bit creamy and used the right amount of rosemary herb. An interesting and delicious side dish is the Mushy Peas. The heat is spiced perfectly. Also, I love the two soups I tried. My favorite was the Mushroom, Walnut, and Spinach. Great English recipes. I will look forward to a return visit.
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants.  I first tried it in AZ. Delucious. Be sure to get the PB and J pasty for dessert.
5	Absolutely awesome!!!!!  Everything!!  I don't need to expand on it.  Food is excellent!
5	I've sampled enough to make a well rounded review now. The restaurant itself is rather scaled down but still too nice to be considered a hole in the wall. The seating is all hard wood benches and tables. The bar provides a nice view of the kitchen. Pasties:Lamb and mint: accompanied by a red wine sauce that pairs nicely. The mint isn't overpowering at all while the lamb is very mild and not gamey at all. Chicken tikka: great flavor of spices and peppers and onions. The spiciness was a bit too hot for me but still tastyLamb vindaloo: nicely cooked tender lamb, spicier than the tikka pasty. If you like spicy things you'll love this one Chicken pot pie: exactly what you'd expect from a delicious homemade chicken pot pie. The veggies are cooked to perfection without being mushy or too crunchy. The gravy that accompanies it is yummy chicken gravy A bit of salmon: probably my fave so far.  The salmon is moist and not overdone, the potatoes add a perfect balance offsetting the bright flavors of the asparagus, roasted peppers and dill. The Sticky toffee pudding dessert is gooey sweet salty heaven. I shared this dish and it quickly turned into a race to get more on my spoon. Amazing toffee sweetness with spongy cake and calmed by a bit of cream. This is quite possibly one of the best desserts in town.
5	Holy shit. I wish this place was closer to where I live. I loved this place. Awesome vibe, excellent service and that Pasty...oh man. It was a massive party in my mouth! The bread was soooo perfect, and the fillings they do there were awesome. We shared the -Tikka Masala - pretty spicy with an excellent curry sauce. Nice big chunks of meat and potatoes...Pesto Chicken - very savory and full of flavor.Seriously, the bread is amazing. The rest of the group we were with got numerous other Pasties and non of them were disappointed. They all looked and smelled amazing! I cannot WAIT to go back and try more.
3	British fare. Fresh pasties and a variety of them. A lot of beers on tap. Located in Commercial Center. I think they'd be better served to be in a location either on or near the STRIP, or in the southwest part of town.
5	Amazing, just amazing. My daughter and I split an order of The Most Garlicky Fries on the Planet and each got a pasty. Mine was the Bangers and Mash and hers the Chicken Portobello. Two people could easily split one. It's just wonderful. Highly recommended.
5	My kids "literally" dragged me here. It seemed so far from where we live in Centennial Hills! Let me tell you... I will gladly travel any distance for the food and service here! Outstanding!!
5	I don't know what else to say, other than I absolutely love this place.
5	I just can't get enough. I absolutely love the red pepper bean soup kicked up with a little habanero. The pastys are quite filling and savory. For me, I normally need a buddy to finish the other half of these monsters. They've quite a few options for the vegetarian and vegans in your party. Beer selection is one of the best around featuring quite a few local breweries as well as more traditional British choices. The staff is knowledgeable and friendly. I'll come here alone or with a group of friends and they're always accommodating. Cheers!
5	Hey, this place is really good. And they have sweet music. And it's cheap. And there might be some alcohol there. Go.
5	I thought everything was great and then when my native brit and anglofile (who went to school at king's college) friends  both also approved... Then what can you say? My only worry is that they're not advertising themselves enough because it was pretty dead at lunch in a Saturday.
5	Fancy hot pockets with Rodenbach on draft? SOLD! AND they have a full vegetarian & vegan menu. A lot places say they have a vegetarian menu. But that usually consists of a side salad and fries. These guys actually have a FULL menu. This is very important when your significant other is vegetarian.It's a good break from downtown and another awesome addition to what's always rad about commercial center.
5	I had never heard of this place, but was with a friend that last minute got a call from another friend to meet there for dinner. Upon checking out the menu, I was pleasantly surprised at all the vegetarian options available. They even had the quorn brand imitation meat, which in my opinion tastes the best. I really wanted to try the Veggie Rosemary "Chicken" pasty, but unfortunately they were out that night. I decided to try the Veggie Spicy Asiago "Chicken" pasty, and it was amazing. It had a croissant-like flaky crust, and the flavors blended together perfectly. The staff was friendly and the prices were good. I'm definitely going back to try the Veggie Rosemary "Chicken".Edit: Went back to try the Veggie Rosemary Chicken pasty and it was awesome. My friend was with me from out of town and had the Veggie Greek pasty, and loved it as well.
4	This is a great cap to my stay in Las Vegas. Cornish Pasty Co. has just about everything going for it: really good, portable food; a fine selection of draft and bottled beers and a truly kickass server handling a batshit crazy workload with aplomb.But the music... half of it's quality old country, and the rest sounds like Nickelback covering the first two Uncle Tupelo records- like the really earnest Jay Farrar songs, I mean.PS: Someone in your party should order a Royale With Cheese. It's perversely good, and they nailed that loosely-packed McDonalds patty thing perfectly.I took a pile of pasties to freeze and take home, because I can do that, by god.
5	This gem is truly an amazing example of the sort of eateries that make a city rich in food culture. The pasties and chips are out of this world.The beer selection is perfect. This is a great spot for vegetarians and meat eaters. Great place to go with a group of friends.
3	There is a weird effect that happens here. You park in one of the most shady shopping centers in I can think of, walk in to Cornish Pasty Co., and shortly forget you're still in the shady shopping center. There is an ambiance that sets the mood for much comfort food eating and beer drinking. Oh, and somehow the yelling from the bar and kitchen area helps, too.Pastys. Or is it pasties? How do I spell the plural form? It doesn't matter. I ate pasties. If you don't know what you're getting into - these are extremely fancy hot pockets. Outside is dough baked to a hard shell. Crumbly even. Inside is a pocket with ingredients of your choice. I can't speak for the freshness or process of creation. They could be bundled up fresh when you order them, or they're premade, frozen, and then cooked by request. Either way, I'm not sure I'm sold on the food.Having the salmon pasty, it was dry. The salmon was likely cooked before it entered the pasty. A few ingredients here and there. It tasted fine. If you're familiar with my reviews, this is a little uncharacteristic of me. It's "fine." But it was. I honestly don't remember much about it. The same goes for the others I tried around the table. They are all fine. They all taste like what they say they will. Something is missing, though. They are lifeless. I'm not even sure how I'd fix that. I just wasn't into it. I want that moment of "mmm, that's so good!" Some juices leaking from the slice, maybe some steam... This goes for the chips, too. And by chips I mean fries covered in jalapeno bits. They come out sliced larger than your standard fry, but on the burned side. Crunchy, dry, and lifeless.I'm the wrong person to comment on this but one huge benefit to coming here must be their selection of alcohol. Just glancing around different tables revealed a variety of labels I'd never seen. If you like beer, you may be in a little heaven of your own.Seating is on benches and long wooden tables. Combined with beer and friends - I can see how this is the right place and the right atmosphere to pass a few hours.
4	The only reason this is not a 5-star review is the horrid smell that started in the parking lot and wafted into the Cornish Pasty Co.  I don't know if a gas line had broken or if this was trash rotting in Commercial Center - whatever it was, it was extremely unpleasant.That said, my pasty was a savory, delicious hot pocket/pot pie filled with portobello mushrooms, red pepper and cheese, all wrapped in a scrumptious crusty (but not too crusty) dough.  My very picky lunch date enjoyed her eggplant parm pasty and said she would be back again soon.  Not too many places in town where you can enjoy a filling lunch for $10 per person.  There were a lot of vegan and vegetarian options as well as the beef, chicken and pork pastys for my meat loving friends.
5	Found this place by chance and loved it. The potatoes and stilton soup was to die for. Before tonight I had never had a pasty but I'm a fan now. I loved being able to watch them make them right in front of you. Hubby had the chicken pot pie pasty, and I had one with steak and bell pepper. We finished the meal with the to die for caramel apple pasty with vanilla ice cream. Yummy. The bartender was so sweet and ran the place well. We can't wait to go back. A true hidden gem.
5	One of the best stuff i have had... Jst dont forget to end ur meal with Shirley's temple pudding... Its one the most amazing desert i have had
5	Love this place. Staff is friendly and place is small and intimate. Food is amazing!!!  Definitely worth checking out.
5	Good pub grub & great beer selection! Call ahead to order if you're in a hurry. Oggie is delicious.
4	The Quality of the food is pretty good, although the location is not ideal the food and the service makes up for the bad location. I would definitely try the other Cornish pasty with other fillings my wife had the Chicken pesto and was  impressed with the flavors. This definitely is a must try place.
5	My husband works on this side of town and i visit him for lunch every once in a while. Knowing that I pretty much love all things pastry, he recommended this place (which I know was hard for him considering lotus is in the same shopping center and he loves that place, but I'm not too big a fan of thai) I didn't know what to expect but I did think they would probably have good deserts. We shared a savory pasty (bangers and mash) and it was delicious!! For desert, we got the apple pasty and it was also delicious... Served with ice cream. Now that I think about it, I want to go back now... Definitely a nice gem in vegas!
4	Not a fan of the atmosphere or cleanliness of the place but great pub food....delicious fresh lemonade a.d we split 4 different pastys and all were delicious....shepards pie, chicken pot pie, the traditional , and bangers n mash....all with a delicious red wine sauce or chicken gravy.  Save room for dessert...chocolate bread and butter pudding with ice cream.
4	Such a cute little place! It was a little hidden, but I was so determined to try these pasty things! Well worth it, let me tell you. Everything was super flavorful and everyone was super friendly.
5	O-M-G so so so delicious and so so so full!!! I have been wanting to come here for a couple months. Absolutely amazing! I tried the spinach, mushroom, walnut soup. So yummy with the homemade bread. Bangers and Mash pastie was amazing! Piping hot right out of the oven. I didn't care if I burned my mouth. Topped it all off with the Shirley Temple Pudding (aka Sticky Toffee Pudding) Delicious beginning to end.
5	The food is good, the beer is good, John is an asshole though ; )
5	The food here is all made from scratch. Their vegetarian/vegan portion of the menu is quite large. The prices for the food are average. I'm a sucker for restaurants with good food and beer which is exactly what Cornish Pasty is.
1	So sad13 of us went yesterday . We tried to make reservations but they don't take them, but they knew we were coming.So why were they out of everything. The primary pasty Ogie, was not available except to take home .Every drink we ordered was out, more than 4 different ciders were out! At least 6 different pasties were out. Every single Vegan item on the menu was out!!We ordered anyway. The food took 1 and 1/2 hours to come!! Seriously, if we were not a group we would have left. However we stayed and had other drinks and other pasties. Did I mention when one of us asked for a pint, the waitress asked what size, 16 or 18 ounces. I could have sworn a pint was a legal measure!The Food  was OK. We were enjoying ourselves so we ordered a bottle of wine, when finished we ordered another. Guess what ..they were out!So they just alienated the British Ladies group, who probably could have generated more business for them than another group.Shame, this place could be good.
4	Longing for episodes of Downton Abbey and being part of an online group that reproduces the food of DA in cooking exercises I began to wonder if there was British food in Las Vegas. After a quick google search I saw there were a couple of places to choose from but the raving reviews on Cornish Pasty Co. caught my attention. So I asked my girlfriends if they wanted to try British food with me at this little place that has amazing reviews online and a date was set for dinner there. I knew from reading the reviews that it's located on the East side of the strip which is not the nicest side in a shady Commercial Shopping Center. This shopping center is huge so finding the place can be cumbersome while driving around looking for it in the dark. To prepare myself I looked at the map of the shopping center online and had a good idea from the yelp reviews where it was located, next to Komol's restaurant, in the center of the parking lot.To get there if you're coming down Sahara from the strip take a right on Commercial Center Dr. which is a light. Then take your first right at the stop sign in the parking lot and after that immediately take your first left heading towards the island of shops in the middle of the shopping center. There is plenty of parking and Cornish Pasty is on the left. It is painted half black and the sign has lights at night.While this location may be in a less than desirable area the neat thing about it is this huge shopping center hosts a few other restaurants that also have raving reviews such as Lotus of Siam which is across from Cornish Pasty. I recently learned that people travel from out of State to try Lotus of Siam as it's a hidden gem, 'foodie pilgrimage place'. Plus this location is not that far from the strip.Once inside Cornish Pasty it's dark light is similar to a traditional English style pub. They have bar seating in the center, two person tables on the left side and then church pew seating at larger tables along the other walls. I saw several tables with people who brought their babies in carriers there so it's family friendly too.First we ordered drinks and going for the British experience we had the P.G Tips British Hot Tea which comes with a metal tea pot and a white ceramic mug. My tea pot seems to have a minor leak at the base of the spout when I poured. That or it was too dark and I couldn't tell how to pour the pot properly so I gave it the benefit of the doubt. They were having a dinner rush.For food our group started with a cup of the Cream of Leek, Potato & Stilton soup and Oven Chips. The bread that comes with the soup is a thick slice and delicious. I put butter on mine and dipped it into the soup to eat. Everyone tried the oven chips and liked them too. They have big chunky garlic pieces. Out of curiosity I kind of wish I'd tired the Scotch Eggs to start with that another yelper recommend but maybe I'll do that next time.For our main meal our group ordered two Bangers and Mash pasties, two Chicken Pot Pie pasties, one Lamb and Mint pasty, and one Balsamic Portobello pasty. Everyone liked their pasty and only one person could finish the entire plate while the rest of us were too full and had to take the other half of it home. Instead of boxes you get to wrap it up in a piece of foil. I drizzled the rest of my sauce on mine before wrapping it up.One person that had the chicken pot pie pasty dug three small bones out of theirs and swallow one bone by accident which gave them some discomfort. We let the manager know about this and he said this wasn't typical but they do cut the meat themselves and it has small bones in it sometimes. He said he would make sure the kitchen knew to watch out what they cut more closely. Then he refunded her meal and said to let him know if she needed to see a doctor, or if she would go to a doctor later and they needed to cover it. We thought that was good of him to offer. He was very attentive and professional to our tables concerns. The other person to have the chicken pot pie pasty did not have any bones in theirs.To complete our British meal experience we ordered the Banoffee Pie and Sticky Toffee Pudding which I think is called Shirley Temple (something or other) pudding on the menu. We all enjoyed tasting the desserts but we couldn't finish it because we were so full. Both were yummy but I'd say the Banoffee Pie was the favorite of the group even though we mostly ordered the Sticky Toffee Pudding with ice cream.Over all it was a pleasant cultural experience and we all agreed that it was a good choice. While leaving some of the members even mentioned that they would be bringing their other friends there to try some of the other pasties in the future. We may all have to bring our husbands of course as some of the men complained that they wanted to go, but our dinner was just for the wives to get out of the house this time and visit with each other. It was a good time.
5	This place is, hands down, amazing!  The pasties are delicious and made with the tastiest ingredients. The sides are excellent and the desserts are some of the best I've ever had.  I live in Los Angeles and have to come here every time I'm in Vegas. I've never ordered anything I didn't like but some of my favorites are the bangers and mash, spicy Asiago chicken, and the Mexican. I always make sure to get some to bake at home. I encourage everyone to try this place while in Vegas. You will definitely be satisfied.
5	OMG! Pasties in the desert?  Yes yes yes. . Absolutely the bomb.  Banana bread beer. . Ginger beer. . Omg!
5	HOLY CRAP!  My ex last thanksgiving searched everywhere for Bannoffee Pie.  We got it at Leopold's Bakery in Summerlin which I don't really like anything there but he wanted it!  It was rough!  I never heard of it till him.  I had it here and i climaxed!  Ugh if he wasn't such a tool shed Id so text him and tell him to go here cause it's amaze balls... HAPPY HOLIDAYS!
5	What can I say about how awesome this place is beyond what's been said in the other stellar reviews? Staff is friendly and always attentive, and the food... OH LAWD THE FOOD. It's like, remember when mom would make comfort food that was hot and delicious and gave you that feeling of complete bliss? Yeah, it's like that, but with beer. Anything with the red wine sauce is delicious. My favorite so far out of the 5 or 6 I've tried is the Shepards pie pasty. My mouth is watering thinking about it right now... Boyfriend and I split a pasty if we're looking for a hearty but light lunch. Dinner time though, it's on.Oh and the SOUP. Potato leek is the bees knees but I really love the texture of the walnut soup as well. Keep doing what you're doing pasty masters!!
4	Last night, my fella decided that we should go somewhere new for dinner.  I pulled out my trusty Yelp app and picked Cornish Pasty Co.  I love the layout.  The bar is cozy, with tables along the walls, and a decent amount of seating at the bar.  Our server was very polite, offering recommendations, and confirming that we had made good choices. The food:The Leek, potato and Stilton soup:  YUM.  I really enjoyed this...in fact, even if I didn't enjoy the rest of the meal, I'd STILL come back just for the soup.  It was full of flavor, and served with a slice of thick bread that was delicious and dense, but not heavy (if that makes any sense whatsoever.) We decided on the Lamb Vindaloo pasty, and the Spicy asiago chicken pasty for dinner.  Now...I know that lamb vindaloo is Indian.  I know that Indian food is spicy.  I wasn't prepared for how insanely hot this was.  My fella LOVES spicy food, and it was almost too much for him to handle, even with the tahini.  My lack of spice-endurance aside (I only had about 3 bites before I almost died), the lamb was REALLY tender, and the vindaloo was delicious.  I wish I could handle spice better.  The Spicy asiago chicken:  WHY on earth would I order two spicy dishes?  I'm a masochist, I guess.  But this one was much less spicy:  chicken and a ton of melty asiago cheese with black beans, corn, and hatch chilies, served with sour cream and salsa. I LOVED this.  I actually ate so much I was uncomfortable after, which I haven't been doing lately...but I couldn't help it, it was THAT good.The beer that my fella ordered was a little weird...I sadly don't remember the name of it, but it was kind of a stout, and the small taste she gave us was awesome.  We ordered the $7 glass (which is ENORMOUS, by the way) and it was awful.  Super bitter, with a weird color and texture....not pleasant.  We didn't even drink half of it.  I think next time we'll stick with Guinness.  The only real issue I had with the place was that sometimes the music seemed to be a little too loud, but it wasn't awful..especially when the music switched over to Bauhaus and Joy Division.  :DAlso, kudos for stocking PG Tips tea!!!  I enjoyed Cornish Pasty a lot, and look forward to going back and trying other pastys...the shepherd's pie is on my list!
5	Someone just asked me what my favorite place to eat in Vegas is, and yep, Cornish Pasty Co. is the first place that popped into my head.  Who doesn't love some good old fashioned comfort food?? The BF and I have tried quite a few of the pasties now, and have loved them all.  My personal favorite has to be the bangers and mash though.  And we love the oven fries, OMG, they are so delicious!! And the deserts?? they are crazy good.  Everything is so fresh, and the service is always excellent.  And did I mention the prices?? So reasonable for Vegas.  Whenever we have out of town visitors, this is one of the first places we take them for lunch or dinner.  Definitely check this place out, you won't be disappointed.
5	I love this place! I am from Grass Valley, CA. It had the largest strike for gold in 1849. Cornish miners were largely the main work force in the town. This place takes me back to the historical side of my hometown in an intimate bar setting with great staff. The food is phenomenal and they serve my favorite beer! Wells Banana Bread Beer. It's great with an Oggie and pepper corn sauce!
5	I was turned on to this place a few months ago and I am hooked. The pasties are great. The lamb vindaloo is my favorite so far but I've still got my more to try.  They also have good beers on tap and quite a few bottles as well. Definitively worth trying.
5	I just had dinner here with my family and my in-laws. Excellent. Some background.  My wife and her family are from London. My in-laws retired to Cornwall, and my wife and I were actually married in Camelford, Cornwall. We used to hang out at pubs for a pint and to grab a pasty. Long story short: my father in law, after dinner tonight said, "These are better than the ones in Cornwall," referring to the pasties here at the Cornish Pasty Company. The atmosphere is casual and almost like a pub in the country in Cornwall. Can't wait to go back. Great beer on tap selection, too. EXCELLENT evening. Thank you.
4	One of my classmates, a las vegas native, recently told me about this place, so when I had an unexpected gap in the middle of my day and was in the neighborhood, I thought I'd give it a try. Big mistake, but 100% worth it! The food was so good, but talk about food coma. Luckily I had enough time to get a power nap in before going back to work! I was not expecting this place to be a pub (I didn't read the yelp reviews, really) so I was pretty surprised when I walked in. I am also pretty sure I have never been in a pub at 11 am before, either, so that was a new experience. It is not at all smoky (or at least it wasn't when nobody else was there). I arrived slightly before opening but the door was unlocked, so I went in. I was greeted promptly by a friendly man behind the counter, and had a seat for a few minutes while they finished opening up. The menu is extremely extensive with two pages of pasties to choose from. I was a little surprised / disappointed to find they did not have a Cornish game hen pasty, which I don't think is even a thing, but I just thought it would be a fun thing to have ;) I ordered the bangers & mash pasty and got a partially-baked oggie (traditional) pasty to go. My hands still stank (and tasted like) surgical soap from work, so I went after my pasty with a fork and knife. Though the crust is flaky, it was still dense enough to be managed with utensils - it's not as flaky or delicate as a croissant. I personally liked the texture of the oggie pasty better - I liked the texture of the steak and potatoes more than the creamy/mushy texture of the bangers and mash (though the flavor of both was really good). A note: the pasty does not reheat well in the toaster oven, it was pretty soggy. It should definitely be reheated / finished in a traditional oven. Service was really great, although to be fair, I was literally the only patron in the place, so it wasn't hard to feel like I was getting prompt and complete attention. The waiter / bartender Hoku was friendly, helpful, and not too hard on the eyes to boot ;) I would definitely come back if I'm in the area!Something interesting I learned on Wikipedia while I was eating my lunch: "Cornish pasty" has a "protected geographical indication" status (like Champagne and Roquefort do), so in order to be a true Cornish pasty, it must be prepared (though not necessarily finished or served) in Cornwall.
1	Over-rated, I tried this place 4 months ago was a bust nothing impressive. Tried it again today and still the same nothing changed. I will not try for a third time. I got chicken pot pie, lamb vindaloo
3	Dark and ominous. Love the setting. The service was okay. The bangers and mash pasty was a letdown. The garlic fries were good though. I'll come back and try a different pasty.
5	So glad this place is open til midnight. Late night foodie here. And the food was pretty yummy. We had the chocolate ale bread pudding which was alright (good but not my cup of tea) but my friend said to try their toffee whichever it was dessert, so that is on my list for next time. The pasties are always really good and with beer you can't go wrong. Place is dimly lit, people working there are really cool, and whichever mood your in, you can't go wrong in a place like this.
5	I absolutely love this place, super chill, great food. Nice place to burn some time. I always feel at peace here.
5	absolutely awesome, the Cornish pasties are as authentic as anything I've tried in 20+ years in the US, the chips were great too, highly recommend this place !
5	Sandra Morgan and I went to Cornish Pasty Co this past Sat. Having read the reviews on Yelp, expected it to be pretty good... We were very pleasently supprised that they surpassed the reveiws and were absolutly wonderful!We had the Chicken Tika
