3	I was surprised to find that Nick's wasn't a traditional diner.  in the last month the availability of greek / mediterranean food in surprise has increased by 200% a trend I'm quite fond of.expecting american traditional food I suggested Nick's knowing they recently opened their doors.  We arrived to find they have a variety of greek, mediterranean, italian dishes, as well as traditional american including many diner staples and deli sandwiches on their menu.  from appearances there's not a lot to look at, the space is pretty barren other than a central counter and a condiment station in the corner, however the space appeared to be very clean. Our server was very attentive and polite despite being the only server, and refilled our drinks regularly.  After recently trying the also newly opened Greek Corner I was anxious to have a Gyro face-off.  I ordered the Gyro dinner which includes choice of  salad, soup or coleslaw as well as bread service.  I ordered the soup which was a chicken, rice and lemon juice soup, it was actually very enjoyable and well made.  The bread was a crisp bread served with a plate of garlic cloves in olive oil which again was not bad.  My dinner arrived with a large portion of Gyro meat, Feta and tzatziki.  Which brings me to the only thing that mildly bothered me.  As with most greek dishes they are served with a mountainous portion of rice pilaf, this was no different however they seem to put a red I can only guess sweet marinara / tomato sauce on the rice, and not just a drizzle in the middle, my rice was pretty much drenched in what tasted like marinara.  I've had greek food hundreds of times in my life and I never recall anytime having marinara on the pilaf.  it might actually be pretty good to some, but I'm also the type when I eat spaghetti I only put a minimal amount of sauce on my spaghetti so this may just be a matter of preference.the only reason I subtract points is because this was not stated on the menu.  Other than that the Gyro meat was generously served, thick and very tasty.  I would order the dish again but would ask they omit the sauce next time.Additonally their breakfast menu looks very tempting, Melissa was pining over an old man's omelette at the table across from us most of the time we were there and we both plan to come back for breakfast.Did I mention the prices. the two of us had 2 entrees including bread, soup and drinks for just over $20 the same Gyro dinner would have cost $15 at some other restaurants.  almost no dinners are more than $10, breakfast items average $5-$7 the same with lunch items.I'm anxious to try breakfast at Nick's as well as some of their more traditional faire, and hope to add Nick's into our rotation.
3	Nick's has potential.My husband and I took and chance and tried out Nick's a couple of weeks ago. The menu is diverse including a lot of mediterranean/greek choices but more traditional "diner" fare as well. I tried the Greek Burger which is a regular burger smothered in feta- not shabby. I will admit I was jealous of another diner's omelet and wished I would of gone for the "breakfast for dinner" route instead. We are already talking about going back to try breakfast soon and I hope more people in the area check it out and support it so it doesn't meet the same fate as so many local places in Surprise do.
1	So disappointing...I have been dying for an authentic NJ style Diner...it's not a lot to ask...low prices, great food...* Not one item came out the way we requested* Spaghetti sauce was sweet- it's not supposed to be* Items were left off our plates b/c they assumed we didn't want them (asked for no ham on club, so they assumed we didn't want bacon either)* Added on a soup, they took away our fries- assumed we wanted to subsitute* Pasta was overcooked and oily : My kid threw up afterwards* Son had a beef kabob- meat was tougher than nails
4	My husband and I love going to Nick's.  We've been several times over the past 9 months and it has been consistantly good food and service.  It has that cozy neighborhood feel that we enjoy.I read a review and someone stated that the menu was vague and he had no idea that his meatloaf would have gravy on it (I'm  not a meatloaf eater but doesn't most meatloaf come with gravy?).  Perhaps a quick question to your server would answer your questions.  It's quite simple.  His wife eight, not seven but eight a sandwich that we all know can be a gut bomb and they were surprised that it wasn't soothing on her stomach.We love Nick's and are glad that they are in our neighborhood!
4	We visit Nick's Diner about twice a month.  I say "visit" because it is like going to a relative's house.  It is casual and comfortable.  And if you happen to be lucky enough to be there when Nick is there, he'll greet you with a handshake and a smile!We've tried various entrees from their menu - which is Mediterranean, American, etc.  We are NEVER disappointed here! Favorites includethe burgers, gyro platter, chicken strips, french toast, fish & chips and the chicken lemon rice soup.  The prices are extremely reasonable and the portions are extremely generous! The only reason I'm not giving Nick's 5 STARS is because he needs a few more dessert items to choose from ;) Not that you would be able to eat dessert if you finished your entire meal but...I'm just sayin'!Oh and you can even order takeout through their website www.nicksdineraz.com!
4	I can say I like Nick's for breakfast. Decent food, decent prices and they usually are spot on.They have some good choices and portions are right on. Even the small order of French toast really can be split by two people, it is alot of toast-just order an extra side of meat and you got a cheap b-fastThis past weekend I took myself to breakfst and things did not go as well as normal. I received my #2 with bacon, but alas no toast. The waitress said she would bring it in a moment. My super hot food was hard to resist so I hate a piece of bacon a couple bites of potatoes and after 5 minutes, still no toast. When the toast finally got there after what seemed like 10 minutes, my food was only warm then and the appeal had left me. It is hard to eat over easy eggs without toast ya know?I have gone there for other meals too, fish and chips are good, gyro meat is good and club sandwich is good. I always order my home fries and reg, fries 'crispy' as they seem to cook them but not to my liking of crispy.I like the type of fries they have, closer to steak fries but a bit slimmer in cut. I did have a friend who will not go here anymore because he ordered the Friday Night all-you-can -eat special (the week before it actually started as they posted it but did not say it was starting the next week) and got a piece of fish that was still cold inside. He thought no biggie, I'll just get more fish and send this back. Well they didn't honor all you can eat AND they refused to remake the part that was cold on the inside. Just bad customer service all around on this one.  So, I would say very good place for breakfast and lunch, dinners are good but not great and will fill the need when you want a simple, decent meal at a decent price. Btw, on many visits I have seen the Sheriff deputies here and the SFD getting takeout for breakfast so you know these guys like to eat good stuff.
4	I really like Nick's. It is good, honest food at really good prices. It is not as polished as some of the chain's around Surprise, and that is precisely it's appeal. Try one of the omelettes for breakfast. They also have an extremely varied menu for lunch/dinner.
4	We finally tried Nicks Diner a few weeks ago, and it was GREAT.  Went for breakfast, their Breakfast pita omelette was amazing. Veggies were fresh and crunchy, cooked perfectly, hubby had traditional bfast and loved it. Went again last weekend with our 3 hungry teen boys, they were in heaven as well. Plenty of food served and choices range from Greek to traditional American style fare. We are going for dinner tonite, we'll see how that goes. For now, breakfast is definately an A plus. Only thing I can say I didnt like was the self-seating and the chairs....all metal bottoms and they SCREECH whenever anybody moves away from their table.
4	I've only been there for breakfast a couple times but we liked the food both times.  We both had omelets which were of generous portions.  The prices could be a little cheaper, but the food is pretty darn good and the staff is friendly.
4	This is a little gem slightly hidden from the road. My husband and I have come here on different days and during different times and tried several items.  We have yet to be disappointed.  The restaurant is clean with a nice atmosphere and friendly staff.   They have daily specials listed on a white board by the door and on a huge blackboard next to the kitchen.  My husband really enjoys their omelets.  So far our favorite is the corned beef with swiss.  You can tell that they use fresh ingredients.  I love hearing the cook scrambling the eggs just after we put in our order.Their chicken lemon rice soup is also very tasty.  It tastes like it was home made and not from a can.  Their gravy is also good and not greasy.This is a place we will go to often.The food is always fresh, service is friendly and fast and the price is perfect for the portions.
3	Went there for brunch after going to the gym, so needless to say, I was hungry, lol! It's small, didn't have blindingly bright lighting, cool & I'd have to say that the decor is much nicer than you'd find at most diners. I appreciate the extra touch :) Good menu, basic foods, but prepared well. My daughter had the egg & sausage muffin sandwich & she says it's WAY better than the sausage mcmuffins at McD's. She loves McD's, so that's saying a lot!I had the 2 eggs with home fries & wheat toast. I cleaned my plate :D The waitress was nice & engaged us in conversation. Kind of felt like I was having brunch at a family members house, maybe my aunts :)
3	How we found this place I don't know it's a bit hidden! On our way home looking for something other than fast food was our plan! I personally am Leary of diners because of their desire to fry everything ! But it was Friday night,  fish and chips was the special, the young waitress told us it was very good so we indulged it was very good, extremely hot as well!  Once again fried food, but I see breakfast is on menu so will be back to try that! Since I've only been once I will only give it 3 stars but hopefully will upgrade if I find the other visits just as appealing!
3	Came in for breakfast, our party of three ordered two greek omelets and an order of french toast. The omelets were A-OK, but the french toast tasted a bit off. I think it was the syrup actually, and the bacon was more fat than meat. Service was prompt and friendly.
5	I had Nick's Diner cater a recent gathering...and it was a HUGE hit with the family! And it was DELICIOUS!!! I ordered trays of:-gyro meat (inc. pitas, tomatoes, onions and tzatziki sauce)-chicken kabobs-rice pilaf  -Greek spaghetti (first time we've had it - won't be the last!)  It was ready when I got there and Nick, himself, helped me load it into my car :)We were SO happy with our meal that I will have to have Nick make us dinner every once in a while. He has a great Dinner delivery offering which is posted on their Facebook page.  And, for those of us who live in Surprise, this includes FREE delivery!Our family LOVES Nick's Diner!
2	This place has gotten progressively worse. The "home fries" are either burnt hard or chewy raw. The new menus look great but are held together with bread ties. I believe in supporting our local restaurants but this is our last time here.
4	Very nice find in Surprise, although I am hardly the first it appears!  Nicks is a basic strip-mall diner embedded behind a fast food Chicken place so you can hardly see them from the street.  The menu is basic american/greek/italian and the dish I had today - an open faced roast beef sandwich was good.  The restaurant was busy which is a good sign that they have a fair amount of regulars and the prices were VERY reasonable.  Most lunch plates $7 or less.   Service was prompt, efficient and kind.  While there I got to observe a pushy obnoxious "teacher" guy who had a major ego problem and thought that because he called ahead he needed his meal snorted down in five minutes or less.  Wow dude, go to McDonalds if you are so important and need to eat so fast. Anyways, back to Nicks.  The place was clean, had a good selection, and appears to have a great breakfast menu!  I am looking forward to stopping back with my family.Really tasty good.  Only reason I would not do the five star thing is because hey, it is a diner.  But as far as a good, hot basic meal goes, I would recommend Nicks to anyone.
4	Got here kinda late for breakfast (around noon) and was told that they were still serving breakfast so we were very Happy! The steak and eggs meal had been sold out so we I had to order another meal. But the service was great!  It was ready almost before I could finish washing my hands!  I highly recommend the place.
2	After hearing rave reviews about this place from friends and family, I figured I'd give it a try. In a nutshell, the best word I can use to describe the place is bland. Don't get me wrong, the menu is very diverse. The prices can't be beat. I had a hard time selecting an item to try because there were so many great selections to choose from. I decided to settle on something simple because in my eyes, a restaurant worth it's moxie is going to be able to handle the simple stuff perfectly. So I had a turkey and Swiss sandwich with a cup of the soup of the day which was a lemon chicken rice soup. And it was all so darn bland! The lemon soup was only slightly lemony and it had 1 piece of chicken in it and a few floaters of rice. The turkey was...strange. It wasn't like a piece carved off the turkey itself, and it wasn't deli meat either. I'm not sure if it was a bunch of pieces compacted together or what. I had it on wheat and it was toasted which is fine....but damn if it wasn't just ugh bland. Because my husband really likes this place, I'll give it another try in the hopes that it was just an off day but man the first impression was really...bland.
4	Food was decent, but service was great.I decided to try Nick's with my teen-aged daughter for breakfast. We only had about 40 minutes to eat before she had to be at a school function and the restaurant is close to home. The prices seemed reasonable and Google's reviews were mostly good, so we didn't have much to lose. I figured it was this, or fast food. I'm glad we picked this.I ordered the corned beef hash omelet without onions. The green bell peppers were fresh and not overcooked. The sliced potatoes gave a more pleasing texture compared to the typical cubed approach. The sliced corned beef's lack of intensity and the processed swiss (?) cheese both detract from an otherwise solid idea. I had to pull the beef out to taste on its own to confirm it was indeed corned beef. The interesting choice to side the omelet with white gravy that wasn't overpowering makes up for some of the omelet's shortcomings - I wouldn't have tried the combination otherwise. Despite the grilled nature of the filling, the meal didn't seam greasy at all. The omelet could have used salt, but that approach to cooking seems better for you anyway. I'd still probably get it again if I didn't feel adventurous enough to try one of the many other breakfast options.  My daughter ordered a tuna melt, but forgot that "melt" meant cheese was included (she hates cheese). She was a good sport and pulled it off without burdening the kitchen-staff. The side salad it came with was simple - iceberg lettuce with a tomato and a couple of Greek olives. With some Italian dressing, she was happy!As for the service - our server Vicky was very friendly and attentive. Despite taking our time to decide, she put our order in ahead of a larger group as she knew we were short on time based on some conversation. Our food came quickly, leaving my daughter and I plenty of time to enjoy the meal without feeling rushed. She even reminded us that we could stay as long as we liked, but commented that she knew the offer didn't matter as we were short on time. Kudos for remembering your table!The service and other promising menu choices would bring me back for more. I'll be sure to bring my Greek-food-loving wife next time - she'd most certainly want to try the rotisserie lamb shank!
2	This place was pretty meh. We ordered online and tried to use a code they advertised on the site for 10% off, but it had expired late last year. Oh well, we were hungry, wanted to bring food home, and the menu looked good.When we picked up our food, the staff was pleasant. At first I don't think the waitress understood that we were there to pick up food because she told us several times to sit where we wish. We were worried for a second that we had just paid online and they hadn't made food, but they did have the order. I told them about the 10% coupon mishap and she said they would fix it on the site (I actually kind of expected a more generous response because that's really just false advertising, so at that point my review depended upon how good the food turned out). We each ordered pita sandwiches. I ordered a honey chicken pita sandwich and my parents ordered gyro sandwiches. The gyro sandwiches were good, but the honey chicken gyro was not quite what I had expected. For $6 I have had much worse, though.The site made no mention of fries as a side. Huge, steak-cut fries. They were soggy. I would've gladly gotten some other side dish had I known.We really just dismissed the site as being crappy for most of the miscommunication, but really, I didn't like my honey chicken gyro. The site told us that pickup was at noon, but since the fries were soggy and the cheese on my gyro had that weird consistency (as if it had been microwaved or something), I figured the food sat around for a while.If you're going to have online ordering, do it right. If you're going to offer discounts, do it right. If you're going to do fries, do it right. This place really didn't do any of it right. We shrugged it off and decided that next time we'll just go to Greek Corner.
4	After driving by this place for almost a year. Daughter and I decided to try this place for breakfast after our Sunday morning hike! Daughter had her favorite! The Country skillet with no gravy, she enjoyed it very much, She's not much on home fries, she loves hash browns. But since they did not offer that. She actually enjoyed the home fries! Sausages were different but very good. I had their pancakes, I could only eat two out of the three. They were very thick, and very good. Glad we finally tried it, and we will definitely come back!
3	I heart gyros, but am rarely happy with what I get. This place is now my go-to when I am in a gyros kinda mood. Only $6 to boot, woo hoo! The hubby really liked their meatloaf, which is good because the serving was a truckload. I think he liked the gyros better though. :)The kids got... wait for it... kids' meals. The chicken strips were actually huge breast pieces in a decent breading and the cheeseburger was huge. We have been here twice now. The food and service have been really good, and I love the Mom-n-Pop ambiance. We'll be back!
4	I wanted breakfast for lunch & they delivered beautifully :)The food is simple & understated, but still yummy. The atmosphere is casual & cool. I literally do mean cool, lol!  The shades are drawn & lighting is low, which is awesome when you're basically suffering from heat stroke just by walking from the your car to the restaurant door, which was only about 5 steps! Service is friendly, but during lunch they do get really busy so expect to wait your turn.They have breakfast specials from 7 am to noonish (ask them for the exact times) BUT they do serve breakfast all day :)
5	Love it!! Huge portions at great prices. Very clean place and friendly staff.
5	Since my review back in June, the family and I have been a frequent customer on Sunday's after church. We have always enjoyed having breakfast here, never having any kind of complaint! This place at times can be busy, but overall it's a must place to visit!!!
3	Smaller store front diner, with a friendly staff.  They have typical "Greek" owned restaurant menu, which is super huge.  Breakfast is good, as is lunch.  Nothing to write home about, but much better than fast food!  And locally owned, which is always a plus!
4	First impressions: Simple menu, small diner, a bit loud when crowded, friendly service, tad slow when busy, clean.Food for thought: Food not overly salted or greasy, good value=good portions.Tips: Get there early and/or be willing to wait a bit to be seated. Worth the wait.
5	Just had our first but definitely not our last breakfast at Nick's and we are stuffed! The French toast was so good, bacon nice and crispy. I love that when you order oj you get a big glass not a small 4oz size. My husband had a little bit of everything, eggs cooked perfectly, hash browns, sausage that was not too spicy with just enough hint of sage and toast that was already buttered. We can't wait to go back and try the burgers which our waitress said are the best. We had no wait either.
4	"I felt like I was eating a good family homecooked meal!" Those were the words that came out of my husband's mouth after dragging him to go to this diner. My husband was being stubborn that day that he decided he would finally go in and try it. Yes, it is in a strip mall, and it is tucked away, but it is definitely worth giving a try.The waitresses are so friendly and they greet you when you walk in. There is a huge variety of food: Greek-Italian-American. They serve breakfast all day long! Surprising to most, the chicken lemon rice soup is really good. They always offer it as a side if you would rather have soup than french fries or onion rings. The onion rings are cooked to perfection so it is definitely a tough choice between having those rings or the fries. The gyros are pretty big, so if you are hungry order one and make sure you get extra feta cheese on it. The kabobs are pretty good too. You could get a plate with 1 kabob for $11 or 2 for $12, and it comes with marinara covered rice. It sounds strange to cover the rice with marinara, but maybe it's a tradition somewhere else, and it works. I really liked that marinara sauce. On the Italian side, the lobster ravioli was decent, and it came on a huge platter, so only order that ravioli when you are starving or want to take some home. I didn't even cover the sandwiches or burgers yet, but my friends have tried several of them and they said they are all good. As you can notice, I keep saying everything is good. (Not amazing, but really good! We are talking about a diner here!) It's refreshing that it's a non-chain restaurant too! All I can say is that my co-workers have been there at least 9 times in the past 2-3 months at our lunch break and they always get us out in 30-40 minutes at most with satisfied, content bellies!
4	Every time we have been here we have got great food and great service. I appreciate the generosity we get going in there. Love the Lasagna.
5	best restaurant
1	Food was good people are nice. Got a little gross out my eggs was green in one part.  Food did not have much taste that was kinda disappointing.
4	Went for breakfast there a couple weeks ago with friends. Good food, good service. Will definitely go again.
4	Not a better spot in Surprise for breakfast in my opinion. The waitress that works weekend mornings is an absolute workhorse. I always feel they are understaffed, but you wouldn't know it by how well the entire place gets served by this 1 waitress haha. The food is good homestyle. I'd recommend the greek omelette: absolutely delicious.
4	You can't do much better for breakfast in Surprise than Nick's. Every time I go in I have to hold back from ordering something I clearly won't be able to finish......and where to start?!?! I'd do a poor job embellishing on what others have written - all I'll say, is that you like a cooked breakfast, eat here! nom nom nom.... :)
2	We've ordered gyros from here since they first opened. For some reason the last year they've been burning the gyro meat. Tonight was the same. I still can't get burnt taste out of my mouth and I'm angry they never responded to my husbands email complaint months ago. I expect better and I will no longer order food from them. The lemon rice soup is great and the only reason they 2 stars instead of 1.
5	AWESOME!!!  Dinner here tonight rocked as usual.  Rueben is out of this world!  Tzatziki sauce to die for!  Quality food at a sensible price!  Keep it up Nick!
5	This is about the 4th or 5th time we have driven out to eat at Nick's and we aren't prone to driving more than 3 or 4 miles to eat ANYwhere.  This place is amazing.  I grew up in the restaurant business and I am telling you, these guys are good.. CONSISTENTLY!  Their salads are excellent, fresh.. their fish and chips, BIG chunks of cod and great tartar sauce, BIG steak fries, and breakfasts are fabulous.  Omelette's are huge and packed.  REAL good place-- REASONable prices and nice lighting.. ambiance for the price.  GO.. you will be glad.
1	This place was not good although the staff was friendly my 5 year old son ordered the cheeseburger for kids and it was raw on the outside of the burger. My gyro meat was hard and dried out. And my husbands kebobs had no flavor!
4	Great home cooking food!  Cozy and friendly!
4	Well, we just had our worst experience this past weekend! Has nothing to do with the food! Food is really good, their service was really bad. Wife, daughter, her friend, and myself had lunch there this past Saturday! Even though their food was good, Again! our waitress was really bad, Wife order their cheeseburger well done! I had to send it back because it was really pink. Daughter wanted extra bbq sauce and ranch dressing! Never got the ranch dressing. I had to keep on top of her for refills! This is not going to stop us from coming back, but now we will consider other options now.
5	I don't know what Donna R.'s problem is, but her review is 100% unfair and vindictive. I eat at Nick's # 1 every day for three reasons: 1. The food is excellent, 2. The prices can't be beat, and 3. Because Theresa works there! Far from being "rude" or "burned out", she has a loyal following of customers...all of whom she treats with respect and a great sense of humor. Regulars or newcomers..they are all welcomed...and the size of your tip has nothing to do with it.
2	This spot was suggested by family members: Small corner strip mall diner, Walk in and seat yourself. It was pretty busy but we easily found a table. I ordered the Belgian Waffle w/ fresh Strawberries and coffee. I was unimpressed with the "Belgian" part of the waffle. It wasn't as thick with deep pockets as I was expecting. More importantly it was cold such that the individual butter pats didn't even melt. I should have asked to have the waffle made over or at least reheated or toasted but I didn't. The syrup was a sticky plastic bottle of Log Cabin, needless to say it was unheated. However the best part of the breakfast were the fresh Strawberries (they too were cold but oh yeah they're suppose to be), red and sweet but no whipped cream. The coffee was luke warm and very weak we had to ask for a hot fresh cup hoping it would be stronger. The others in my group had traditional egg breakfasts and omelets, with meat, potatos and toast which were just OK. This place is barely average at best and definitely skip the waffle.I was surprised Nick's was so full of people but then again, I was in Surprise AZ. pun intended.
2	Good food, rude waitress named Theresa. The Nicks II on Litchfield is nice and friendly!
5	First time at Nick's just a few days ago. Great breakfast and service! Will definitely go back.
4	Good food and good portions. Fish Fry is great..  Keep it up. Long time fan...
5	Nick's Diner is awesome. My husband and I went for the first time and were lucky to beat the dinner rush, we were seated right away. It quickly felt like family with several servers making sure we were taken care of. The food was good and a really generous size for the price. I had the french toast and my husband had a steak the size of his plate! The atmosphere is nothing fancy and it is what I would expect from a traditional family diner. I was VERY pleased with Nick's and immediately recommended the diner to several friends in the area. I can't wait to go back when I'm in the area!
4	Gyro w/ feta. My favorite. Service is always great.
4	Gyro was good and service was good
5	My family was really looking for a LOCAL place to go for breakfast. My husband drove by Nicks diner and so we decided to stop in. It was a small place but so were the prices. What wasn't small was the serving and the flavor. We really liked it and will definitely be going back!
4	Great Service & Yummy Food. !  I love getting the Greek Favorite Omelette, which has Gyro Meat in it w Feta Cheese!!!I have been coming here for years.  I've eaten Breakfast & Lunch there.  I've gone there with co-workers, or post-gym workout.  Certainly been there early in the morning 7am noshing on food & slurping down coffee to end a good night out.The Flaming Saganaki Cheese is incredible !  When I met a friends mother, we took her out to eat here & they put on a nice presentation when they bring it out and say "Opa" when they light it on fire
5	My wife and I come here every week, get the same waitress (Vicki, who is awesome!) And the same gyro omelet every time. This is the type of cafe that knows your name and you can count on the same great experience every time! Absolutely recommend! Ask for Vicki, she is wonderful!
5	The Best Bacon Cheeseburger hands down. We eat at Nick's at least twice a month and always get excellent service. On Mon, Tue and Wed kids eat free! Our family of four can eat at Nick's for less than twenty dollars. We never leave hungry. We have also tried the fish and chips YUM! and some of the breakfast. If you are looking for great food that is fresh at a great price then definitely try Nick's.
2	I had high hopes for Nick's Diner. I had heard they had very good gyros. I arrived at noon on a Sunday and the place was packed. They were serving large plates of pancakes, eggs and the like. It appears to be a very popular breakfast place.I sat at the counter and ordered my gyro. The plate arrived and looked good. The gyro meat was pretty good, however the Tzatziki sauce was almost flavorless and the onion was too strong. Oh well, I gave it a shot. This is not the place to go for a gyro.  On a positive note, the fries were tasty.
4	Excellent greek diner. Inexpensive and good food. Breakfast served all day, kids eat free M Tu W. And 10% off breakfast M-F 7 to 11. And they have a military discount as well
3	Nick's has a decent breakfast with huge portions. On return visits, very average food.
1	Note:  I'm writing this review about their Gyro.  If you don't plan to get a Gyro than take this with a grain of salt.I'm very conflicted about this review because their Hummus is really good but the Gyro was a mess.  First of all they use Kronos like most all other places, so the meat was pretty standard.  Where they lost me was the Tzatziki.  What a joke.  You might aswell put straight yogurt on the gyro.  It lacked any spices or even a hint of cucumber.  Then to make matters worse they dumped their bland Tzatziki on top of the meat.Call it a preference but a gyro should go pita, Tzatziki , onions, meat.   Then they served bland, undercooked, generic fries.Too boot while I ate my lunch I got to hear, what I assume is the managers or owners, discussing with a couple why they don't think that the customers credit card information was stolen at their restaurant.  I don't know what happened but I didn't want to hear that.  All in a bad visit not likely soon to repeat.
5	Great place. I Always look for a great. Breakfast place when out if town. I found it!!  Great food and prices. People are very nice!!
5	Reuben worked. Not as good as Irish Wolfhound but still good. I love this place. I seldom stray from the burgers at Nick's because they are... Are you ready for this?... THE BEST BURGERS IN ARIZONA!!! I am not kidding.
2	I truly hate having to give a local small business such a bad review. But it is what it is! We arrived for breakfast and sat ourselves... 2 adults and 2 small children. The place was about 3/4 full. We weren't not even recognized for 5 minutes. Here's the lowdown... Coffee... room temperature Orange juice... Overpriced and the quality of what you'd expect from QT. Western omelet and homefries... both incredibly bland. I'd go as far as to say borderline tasteless. Pancakes... Large and delicious! Cornbeef hash... Delicious! Kids French Toast... Completely devoured. Service... Basic at best. The bill... $40 for breakfast for 2 adults and 2 kids under 5 years old. Outrageous! I want to hope they were having a bad day. I dunno. But I know this... I ate my words. When we pulled up we had a brief conversation about eating here. I actually said "How bad can they mess up breakfast food?".
1	Yuk. Sorry but the food was awful. Tried Nicks three times now & won't be back. The service was really bad too. I really wanted to like this as it's so close to my house.
3	Stopped by for breakfast & was greeted, seated and had a cup of coffee right away. Asked for 2 eggs, 2 bacon & a biscuit. She said we had to select one of the menu choices. Weird! So, finally just had bacon & eggs. Had to wait quite awhile to be served & no one ever asked how everything was & we had to wave someone down for the one and only coffee refill. Won't go back.
5	Nick's gets 5 stars because I go for an occasional burger or breakfast.  I don't want their special lamb or pasta or whatever else they're selling, but when I get the urge for a big breakfast or lunch they hit the spot.
2	JUST PASS! DONT GO HERE! YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED! I have had some horrible experiences here. Food cones out sometimes hot and mostly cold. The customers are mostly old, Sun City folks so DO NOT TAKE KIDS! You will get crazily stared at! The service is horribly poor and the only reason they got this star is because of an OK Gyro. LEAVE HERE!
1	I was super excited about trying this place after months of trying to convince my boyfriend to try it. It was the biggest disappointment. I got biscuits and gravy with a side of potatoes. The gravy tastes like if was formed from powder, not flavor and all. The potatoes were more than bland, even after adding a pound of salt they still weren't satisfying. My boyfriend got 2 pork chops with eggs. The pork chop was dry. I couldn't get the taste of pure garlic out of my mouth after one bite. He did say the egg was good but then again you can't mess up a simple fried egg. Overall all this the waitress which I believe was the owner was not nice and we did not feel we were well taken care of. With that being said avoid nicks diner!
5	Great food, great service, great prices. My go to place for breakfast. Never have to worry about your coffee cup being empty here. Every time I have gone here it is packed, but I have never had to wait for a table. They get you in and out quickly and the food is always HOT!
5	Corned beef hash is awesome! The oatmeal is the best I've ever had. All the staff is friendly and food comes quick, even on a busy morning.
4	Second visit. I had the Denver Sandwich and it was yummy. It's a mini Denver omelet sandwiched in sourdough. The oatmeal was really good too. Served with milk, raisins, and brown sugar just added the raisins and brown sugar and it was good to go. Looking forward to another visit...soon!
1	It pains me to give Nick's Diner such a terrible review, but there was almost nothing good about the entire experience. I was looking forward to giving it a shot. I just moved into the area and passed by. It was busy, not an empty table in the house, so my party decided to eat at the bar. Kind of an uncomfortable spot to eat. It took a while for the wait staff to take our drink order and when they did, actually came off fairly rude and I am always a really pleasant patron, so it caught me off guard.When I went to the restroom, I came back to another party taking my seat, even though my drink was just placed there, so I was put in the uncomfortable place of having to say the seat was already taken.I ordered the soup of the day to start - it was a lemon chicken soup. It was so salty, I had a very hard time finishing it... but I was so hungry that I did anyway. It was just such a bad consistency on top of it. So, I ordered the fish & chips, simple enough. The fish was decent. The fries were pretty bad. I guess the best way to describe everything is to say it was bland (outside of the bizarre tasting sodium soup, of course). The fries were limp and had no taste at all.All said and done, I get the bill in a hurry, well before I finished my meal. Then, the waitress literally stood as close as possible to me to prod me on in giving her my payment. It was awkward, made me feel super uncomfortable. I feel bad that I was the one who suggested giving it a try.
4	We have been here a few times for breakfast.  Good portions. Great speedy service. The potatoe cakes are really good!
3	Last experience here was worst by far.  We're semi regulars so we came back to give them another chance.Best burgers in town!  Huge!
4	What a good meal we enjoyed this evening. There were four of us and the food was tasty and the proportions were more than one person could possibly eat. I had the, "All you can eat," fish dinner. There were three huge pieces of breaded fish, steak fries and salad. I couldn't finish two pieces of fish let alone the third. No way could I think of having more. The other's plates were over filled with pasta. So much food! Delicious.  Our server must have been new. She forgot some things but the diner was busy.  She was more than accommodating when it was pointed out to her. She was hustling and we couldn't hold that against her. She was very sweet. We agreed that next time we go we will split a meal or order a child's plate. I would recommend Nicks Diner to anyone. The menu had choices that you wouldn't expect to find in a small diner. Liver and onions, meatloaf, pasta's, sea food, breakfast and lunch served all day long.  So very tasty.
5	One of the things that I miss the most from Florida is the plethora of mom and pop diners with good ol' home cookin'--yes, that's my southern girl coming out  ;-)  Anyway, whenever I have an itch for that kind of food (which I do often) it's hard to find a place where I can scratch that itch. Enter Nick's Diner. OMG. This place is amazing. The food is hot, delicious and made from scratch! I have had the open face roast beef sandwich and the open face turkey sandwich. Notice a trend here? Both of them were awesome. They are smothered in gravy and come with mashed potatoes and vegetables. My husband had the mushroom swiss burger. Holy crap, talk about an instant mouthgasm. Mmmm. The patty is made with fresh ground beef. The fries are golden and delicious. My husband is a total fry snob and even HE gave them his stamp of approval. He was asking if we could tip the cook. It was that good. Speaking of tips, the waitress definitely earned hers. She was quick, attentive and did an overall great job. She brought our food out in about 5 minutes (and this was during a very busy lunch rush) and she kept our drinks topped off. I just can't say enough about this place. You HAVE to check them out! Oh, and the prices are extremely reasonable. The open face sandwiches are $7.25 and my husband's burger was a little over $8. Score!
4	Our family came here every time we visit arizona. This place it is good for family to came eat, and hang out in our short visit. I like this place.
