4	Kelly is a sweet guy with great taste.  My 12 year old boy will not let anyone cut his hair but kelly!   He's hip, cool and hires great stylists like Jenn.  The best part is the shampoo cranial massage you get with your cut.  If Kelly doesnt fit your budget someone will.  His salon staff is generous, courteous and generates a positive energy.
5	Jenn is amazing. I am ultra picky about my hair and I left the salon very happy. The salon is clean with a very modern design. The hair dryers come down from the ceiling! The coloring area has no mirrors which is nice because no one wants to see that they look like a space alien with foils in their hair!I was most impressed by Jenn's cut. Throughout the entire color and cut process she explained the who, what, and why processes so that I felt completely comfortable with whatever she was doing to my hair. I didn't need anything too exciting as far as a cut goes because I am trying to grow my hair out, but she managed to clip my long locks into perfection! I'll definitely be back.
5	Hands down the best salon in the world. I've been going to Kelly for over 10 years now (wow, that makes me old) and he has never, ever let me down. The experience in the salon is what matters: great cuts, amazing color, and an incredibly knowledgeable and fun staff that has a passion for making you as beautiful as possible. Amazing, amazing, amazing.
5	I came to Kelly Cardenas to follow the best stylist ever, Brandon.  He is amazing.  Seriously, I moved away almost 4 years ago and have returned once 2 years ago to see him and then again this weekend.  He remembers exactly how I like my hair cut and what he did last time.  He is funny, laid back and gives good feedback about how to style and color your hair.  He has even gone out of his way to make sure I have a reliable person to go to in Chicago.  The rest of the staff are friendly as well.  I love the area where they shampoo your hair.  It comes with a nice head massage and shoulder rub.  Gotta give it a try and I recommend Brandon.  He is just awesome!
5	Oh Sara, how I love thee!  I moved to Vegas almost 2 years ago and a friend told me to check this place out.  I was a little skeptical...ok...very skeptical as I have had more bad salon experiences than good.  Growing up in a small town, once I found someone that did my hair the way I liked, I never left.  Well, when I moved I didn't have a choice...and so the search began.I walked in and the first thing you notice is how clean the place is...absolutely immaculate. The second you walk in, you're offered a cubby for your belongings and ice cold water with lemon or cucumber.  You are then taken to a changing room to put on your robe.  When I first sat down, I was super nervous.  The place just had this aura about it that said "We really really know what we're doing" which to be quite honest, scared the crap out of me.  So I told myself to buckle down and tell her what I wanted.  "Sara, I only want a microtrim.  I'm trying to grow it out so I don't want a lot cut off and no layers." "Ok," she responded.  OK?  I was definitely expecting a place like this to say "Oh but you would look great with THIS and we can add THAT! " But nope, just a simple ok, and that was ok with me:)She put a clear top coat on my hair to bring back some of the shine that I now lacked from this desert dryness and then took me back to the washroom....where you get a full neck, shoulder and scalp massage!  So now we're at the chair and I'm freaking out.  But she knew exactly what I wanted.  She took off just the very tips and did a "clean up" which involved wrapping my hair around a few fingers and trimming the dead tips off of any stragglers.  My hair looked great:)  So now, this is the only place I go to get my haircut.  A+++....oh, and you can book and confirm your appointments on a their website which is really cool btw.  Definitely worth a try.
5	These BEAUTIFUL men and women deserve a 10 star rating, not a 5, hands down!! They have been sent from a GOD!!For the first time in my 41 years of life, I have found a guy named Marshall who I will now call my 'Hair Angel'! From the moment you call they are professional! When you walk in you're greeted by everyone, not just the reception. My experience when I walked in? I was first greeted by a very nice handsome young man who took my information and got me a yummy glass of water with cucumber, and then I was greeted by the owner himself, Kelly! All I can say about Kelly is WOWIE!  He's beautiful! Not only on the outside, but on the inside! He took the time to actually talk to me and get to know me a little bit before I was greeted by my stylist.Next I was greeted by my 'Hair Angel' Marshall.  Marshall is not only handsome and so Euro Magnificent, but he is one of the nicest people I have ever met! Marshall took me on a tour of the salon and introduced me to the other stylist. The salon has a few different areas; The area you get your hair styled, a color area, and one of the best parts is the 'Zen Room'.  In the Zen Room you get your hair washed and conditioned along with, get this, a head, neck and shoulder massage! Everyone who comes into the salon gets one! So Yummy!Marshall then sat me down at his chair for the day, and really did something I've never had any other stylist do.  Now I went into this salon asking for someone who could look at me and know what would look  good on me.  He asked me questions about my, my life, my job.  He wanted to pick a style that suited ME!  Very interesting.....Marshall then sat me down in the color area where he took the time to really look at my hair, my facial tones, etc. and pick out the best colors for me. We went with a few different reds and dark browns.....Beautiful colors!After the color I was taken into the Zen Room to have my color washed out, a conditioning treatment done, and my massage! The conditioning treatment I received also came with a bonus hand massage! I was in heaven! The girl who treated me to this wonderful experience was a beautiful girl and way sweet! Marshall then cut my hair.  Or should I say Artistically Styled my hair! He was so precise and Perfection should be his middle name!When my hair was done I almost cried!  I was EXTREMELY HAPPY with my hair style for the first time in my life!!!I can honestly say that my entire experience at this salon ROCKED!! Every person that worked there was WONDERFUL and so Professional! You HAVE TO go! I'm sure that everyone there is a fantastic stylist!Thank you Marshall!!!  You're my hero!!
5	I would not trust any other salon with my hair! Sara is awesome! The salon as a whole is not only good looking, but so helpful and friendly. Sara took me from a brunette to black, to bright red and then to blue! My hair is in great condition and looks fantastic!
5	First, I have to thank Yelp whole-heartedly for leading me to this salon. I effing HATE going to get my hair cut because it's always a mixed bag: Snotty employees, crappy service, and a haircut I have to fix at home. However, none of that was true whatsoever at the Kelly Cardenas salon. From the second I walked in, I was made to feel welcome; not in the fake "Hi, I have to say this stuff" way, but in a genuine "Hey, cool to see you" way. The receptionist helped me to put my bag away in a cubby (eliminating the awkward "Where do I put this?" game later at the chair) and offered me water with lemon or cucumber. At that point, I was already stoked. Since Natalie, my stylist, was still working on someone else, the receptionist showed me around the (gorgeous) salon. After a nice little tour, I got to hang out on the couches at the front, sipping some cucumber water and reading Glamour. Then, I was escorted to the changing room where I slipped into a robe (yay no hairy clothes later!). After that, I was taken to a chair where shortly thereafter, Natalie--who is precious--came over and talked to me, face to face; not from behind the chair looking at me awkwardly in the mirror, about what I wanted. She was cool, helpful, and not pushy at all. After agreeing to a cut and moisture treatment, I was taken into the FANTASTIC shampoo room. The room is designed to be ultra-relaxing with gauzy swag on the ceiling, low lights, and the kind of chill music they play in yoga classes. The best 15 minutes of my life ensued as I got a shampoo, scalp, neck, shoulder, hand and arm massage. By the end of it I was so happy I must have looked borderline mental. While my hair treatment was sinking in, I was offered a glass of wine (YES) and I read a little Vogue. The hair cut was great, and I got some nice compliments later on that night. Natalie OWNS and I can't wait to go back and do it all over again. Also, huge bonus: For a haircut, style, treatment, and myriad massages, my bill was only $82. I tipped $20 because I was ridiculously stoked.
5	I would like to thank Yelp for helping me find this hidden gem of a salon in Las Vegas.  After making my appt I was matched with the wonderful Jenn.  From the moment I walked in I was greeted by this awesome chick, Roxy.  I was then introduced to Jenn where we then went over exactly what I was looking for.  I stressed how I knew I needed a cut, but I also explained how nervous I was bc people tend tend to get scissor happy with my hair.  She made me feel comfortable and said we could talk about a cut and perhaps scheduling that for a later date.  After this, we went into this very cool back room intended for washes only.  This room had a different ambiance from the rest of the salon and felt more like a spa experience than anything.  I received an amazing head massage along with a good wash (she even massaged my shoulders people!)  Upon completion she proceeded with one of best blow dries Ive had in a very long time.  My hair is pretty curly and she passed the test by being able to smooth out my roots.In conclusion, I have been back to the salon since and love how she has given more life to my hair.  I have no doubt in my mind that I will continue to go to this salon, the drive for me is worth it.  Kelly is an awesome dude with an awesome personality , I have respect for the salon and the employees who believe in their owner and stand behind their services.  Hope this review encourages people to give this salon try.
5	Yeah!! I have been putting off finding a salon/stylist for months and I finally made the leap with the help from Yelp. My only regret is that I waited so long to make my appointment at Kelly Cardenas Salon. I was able to book my appointment online I really like that... of course after being in the salon calling to book the appointment would have been just as convenient and pleasant. I was looking to make a change to the cut and style of my hair so being matched up with Natalie was like magic! After being and feeling welcomed when I walked into the salon by all Natalie took me around the salon and I really felt comfortable. After slipping into a robe Natalie sat me down to talk over what I wanted. Natalie was awesome she really helped me figure out just what I wanted... with that she did magic! With the wonderful color and a fabulous cut and style. I went home feeling and looking wonderful. Kelly Cardenas Salon is beautiful, clean and you can feel how the staff really works together making sure each client gets the very best.  There is nothing better then having a stylist love what they do. Not only did Natalie do a great job at making me feel comfortable and confident with what was going on but everyone around her did as well. Of course I will be back I like looking good don't you!
5	This place is great,I have never been to a salon where depending on how much you want to spend for a haircut you can choose which stylist you want. My appt was with Devin she did a great job on my color and cut,not to mention that when you get your hair washed.It's like getting a mini spa treatment in this very relaxed,peaceful room where you feel like your at a very upscale spa. I will defiantly be back!
5	My hairdresser moved away so I came on yelp and saw the great reveiws for this salon.  I agree with them!  I am always weary of trying out a new salon, who wouldn't be??This salon is modern and has a young vibe to it.  Everyone seemed helpful and polite.  They bring you to a back area that is sectioned off from the rest of the salon to wash your hair.  It is relaxing, dark and soothing music.  They gave me a mini neck massage which was great!I went in for just a hair cut to check the place out and I was happy with my service so I scheduled to go back in for color.
5	Beyond Amazing hair & service!!! Really above and beyond & my hair is the best it has ever been thanks to my stylist Natalie :) before my hair was blah brown long & the definition of neglect. After Natalie worked her skillz, it looks beyond what I could have asked for. Multiple tones of blonde & hidden violet w chocolate on the lower back. She added layers & thickened my bangs that swoop to the side. When all was said and done, the products she used were explained & when offered, the prices were very reasonable to protect my hair investment. Love everything about my experience, will faithfully return!
4	Since recently moving to Las Vegas, I have been scheduling consultations around the city to find the right new hair stylist. Kelly Cardenas Salon was my 3rd salon to visit.  I feel like a hair consultation should be compared to a sales pitch. This is the stylists opportunity to sell themselves and win my $150 monthly business with them. I must say, this salon and ALL the employees working on that day were welcoming, friendly, and professional. You could tell they wanted my business and I was impressed with the team spirit. I give 4 stars only because I ended up going to another salon that used my color line ( I don't care for Paul Mitchell products ) so I never actually went through with a service but based on my 15 minute consultation and tour, this is a great place to consider.
5	I needed hair help but kept putting it off. I did some research on Yelp and found Kelly Cardenas salon with 5 stars. So I booked an appointment on their website, which was easy. I didn't pick a particular stylist since it was my first time. The salon was easy to find. I was greeted right away and met my stylist Darci. I was so glad I got her, she was great, asked lots of questions, and my hair looks and feels great. I treated myself to their conditioning treatment, it was so relaxing. My hair needed it too. Every employee that I encountered was so nice and accommodating. I felt like I had been going there for years.One of the best salons I have been to in a while. I actually am looking forward to going back.
5	After butchering my blonde (made by yours truly) hair, I sought help with professionals. I had been coloring my hair for years, and we all know every once and a while something goes wrong.. right?  Well After 3 failed attempts to fix my ORANGE roots, which I had never experienced before with Clairol perfect 10, I frantickly looked for a good salon.  I am extremley picky. EXTREMELY picky. Living back in Ny I hopped from hair stylist to hairstylist never agreeing with any of their work. Then going home and taking matters into my own hands again. Anywho... Found kelly cardenas salon on Yelp, saw the reviews and gave it a shot. As with other reviewers, I was promptly greeted and given a tour of the salon. My stylist was Jenn a fellow blondineer who could sympatsize my pain.  After my consultation I was wrapped in foil upon foil with the help of a wonderful assistant.. how rare is it to have 2 people working on your hair?  After the foils, I was treated to a wonderful hand and neck message while my protein treatment got a chance to seep in my damaged pores.  Did I mention I had a glass of wine in my hand this whole time? =P Scared to take the towel off.. knowing how other hairdressers have butchered my hair in the past. I was presently surprised! Jenn nailed the color I wanted on the head. Literally. After a quick cut which shaped my face frame perfectly, I was blow dried and looking quite fresh.  jenn explained step by step through the entire coloring process what was going into my hair, and how it would help to repair it. I usually fight the hairdessers on bringing home product, however this time I really liked the way It was presented to me and decided to give it a shot.  With a promise to leave my own hair a lone for a bit... I downed my last bit of wine.. said my goodbyes and was on my way....  This was defiinetely not a cheap purchase but my hair is thanking me in the end.
5	Trendy upscale salon!  I'm a busy mom and their online booking was simple to use.  The stylist that I requested was not available; however, Shantel did an amazing job.  Receptionist and assistants were friendly and personable...Edgy and modern cut (which I wanted) as well as all over color for a very reasonable price.  You won't be sorry you checked them out! (=
5	Ok - I have lived in Vegas for 10 years and run the gamut of salons here in town from uber-expensive (horrible experience at Amp) to the mall-shops (my favorite stylist ever was found here!!). I am an older patron (over 40) so I am not looking for swank and a faux hawk. I am looking for someone to take what I have and show me how to work it so i love my hair. I want to feel good about my hair and about the person who I am entrusting my hair with! What Kelly Cardenas and his team have created is what you expect a salon to be but never is! He is a genius for putting in that Shampoo room (read further in review) and hires the most amazing staff! So happy i drove 40 minutes across town in a thunderstorm for this appointment - i was NOT left wanting for anything!  Just to experience it once is worth it - book that appointment!!!KC is to the salon industry what digital cameras were to photography - an amazing new way of doing something normal.Ok - 1st things first - you are made to feel like part of the environment upon arrival - introduced to everyone, taken on a tour and given some yummy water/tea/coffee. Everyone is very happy and upbeat.Next (my wait was less than 60 seconds) you consult with your stylist (mine is Sara - a DOLL) as well as many stylists or assistants that they want to be there. I was then taken in the heaven on earth - the shampoo room. Low lights, zen music and the most AMAZING wash sinks ever! They adjust - you don't! no contortionist positions, no neck ache - the sinks raise/lower and move out of the way. That part is important because you get the most amazing head/neck/shoulder massage! They also ask you what type of shampoo you would like, what are you looking to achieve (i was going for volume). Heavenly!Once completed, you are taken out to the very open floor plan salon (I love that the hairdryers are suspended from the ceiling). Sara worked with me (i had brought in photos of the cut i usually like, as well as personal pictures of how i wear my hair - which i believe helps a lot) to come up with a great plan, while switching blowdrying off to Christian, some styling and of course product sales as well :) I dont mind - if something works or smells good, i am happy to purchase it! Everything in the salon is paul mitchell. period. even the curling irons/flat irons, etc. It is pricey, but worth it. The quality of work is excellent, the quality of staff is over the top! If you have the chance, visit this place - you may find, as I did, a new home for your hair! Cant wait for my 6 week visit!!! As for prices of services - they are clearly less than the on-property salons, and the prices range from new talent to team to Kelly himself. Booking online is a snap on the website and you get 10% off product purchases. Sara is a team member who has been with the salon since it opened, so she is highly recommended.
4	Darci is moving to England ! My first visit to the salon today. Smaller and less stylish as I expected. The "zen" shampoo room was all that the yelpers said it was, relaxing amazing! Aside from that the rest of the salon is a very social atmosphere with staff working as a team and clients chatting with everyone. There is a full beverage bar offered. I had issues setting up my appt online so I called and got a rsvp right away. I came in for a haircut and was setup with Darci. She did great! She also did a treatment on my hair because my hair has been processed many times and I'm growing it out. Feels great! She is very social and made me feel special and excited to be receiving her service! She also made notes on what she did to my hair and gave me MANY names of who I can go to once she moved out of state. Haircuts are $35 from a "new talent" and $45 from "team" (Darci was a team member). And my treatment was $35. The service lasted 2hrs.
5	I went to their Chicago salon first. I was visiting Vegas with a friend. I had an appointment with Sara. First of all, they picked us off AND dropped us off at the airport. They offered us drinks. Cucumber water and iced coffee?! Just cause I could not decide that is what I call outstanding service! They definitely go above and beyond. Other places should take notice and pay attention to their clients. Sara was great. She is so beautiful and sweet at the same time. She listened very attentively to what I wanted.. and boy did they deliver! I love my haircut and hair color. I have already received compliments on the hair color. It has caramel highlight and some red ones also. I took advantage of my look and went out and took lots of pics! I loved this place. Definitely would recommend it. Check it out!
5	I fell in love with this salon as soon as I entered, but tried to play it cool. Let me just say, I failed miserable. If this salon was a person, it would have to take out a restraining order on me, that's how much I love it. The atmosphere is amazing and utterly unlike any place I've ever been before. I tasked Shantel with turning me into a redhead and she did an amazing job. Shantel's talent and personality impressed the pants off me and even better she didn't look like she wanted to shoot me in the face at the end of my appointment even though I talked for 2 hours straight (well they gave me wine, what did they expect?!) What I was absolutely most impressed with was how the stylists interacted with one another. Shantel requested help from Sara, another stylist, on my color and Sara was so knowledgeable and pulled together (and more than a little intimidating!) I have never had a stylist that consulted with his or her colleagues before and it made me feel as though I was getting the expertise of the entire salon staff. I can't wait to go back!
3	When I first started going here it was definitely a 4-4.5 star my stylist was very attentive and I always had great styles and color.  Unfortunately after awhile, it seemed that the love was gone.  I would request for certain styles, extension pieces, etc but when I would come into salon all was forgotten about my requests.  I would have to remind my stylist of these requests and wound up having to come back for more appointments to make the corrections.  I really hated leaving this place, but I guess it just wasn't a good fit and I feel I should have been treated better.
5	The next day I showered. Hope for more oomph in my hair...Called the salon, asked Darci if she can add more layers..I was nervous about the hassle, I felt like I should've asked for it on the first day, but who knew how it really was after the product and styling was out ? The salon and Darci were so sweet about it. So accommodating and told me to come on it! It would be an "adjustment" at "no charge". I came in, got shampooed (wasn't expecting it, so nice that she did it! ) and has layers cut! I was thoroughly satisfied and left gratuity!
5	I found out about this salon using yelp and after reading the reviews I knew I had to try it out. I didn't choose a stylist since this was my first time but they said they would set me up with Colie. This salon is everything a salon experience should  be. It is clear all of the artists here are very passionate about what they do. The entire staff was super friendly and gave me a tour when I walked in, and then got me situated with some cucumber water while Colie prepped. Colie was really down to earth and easy to talk to without taking over. I showed her a picture of Vanessa Hudgens's hair and she died and cut mine exactly like the picture. I was blown away. She even styled it with the curling iron for me and showed me how to style my hair when I was crunched for time. The service was amazing, Colie is a great artist, and the experience was beyond pampering. I already booked my next appointment.
5	Just went back for my second session with Shantel at KC...Have to say that one of the BEST aspects of this salon is their shampoo room...A little slice of heaven and I was pretty much "blissed out" by the time the shampoo was done.  (=  Shantel is amazing...has studied in Germany and has a gift for knowing what cut/length will work with your facial features.  Tried a new bob and it looks/feels phenomenal.  This is the ultimate in pampering.  Love the people/salon/experience - try them...I can guarantee that you will, too!
5	I'm from California, and have been going to the same salon for four years... even though I've lived in Vegas for two. I have had sooooo many bad experiences that I'd rather buy a plane ticket to get my hair done then have my natural blonde hilites turn carrot top-esque, and my long layers turn into shredded strands. Six months had come and gone with no trip to California in my future, and I could no longer handle my split ends. After seeing many great Yelp reviews, I bit the bullet and made an appointment. NOTE - I just got a haircut... I'm still a little too scarred to go through with color anywhere other then "my" lady. However, some of the color they were turning out at this salon looked pretty damn good.I was 15 minutes early for my 5:30pm appointment and was offered wine. Really? Impressive. I was then given a tour of the salon and informed of all of their formal training and monthly style classes. My appointment began in the peaceful shampoo room which was heavenly. $45 for a haircut, wine, and a neck and shoulder massage... what a bargain! I asked for about four inches off and my stylist was being very conservative, which I love! I had to persuade her to take more off. My hair looked great and she even gave me teasing tips and a new technique for beachy waves. Overall, it was a great experience and I will definitely return for a cut, perhaps even color if I'm feeling daring.
5	I've been living in Vegas now for 13 years and have failed miserably searching for the perfect stylist (being one that can master both cut and color) but thanks to yelp and the many great reviews  i read about Kelly Cardenas salon I have finally found the place I had been looking for. Jenn was my stylist, she was knowledgable, quick and kept me informed the whole time. The cost was much less than what I have paid for in the past and may I mention they serve wine? Yeah, no brainer, sign me up! Already booked my next appt. Thanks to all the great staff that helped me yesterday! I'll see you in 6 weeks!
5	Outstanding service, quality staff!  Shantel did my hair on my wedding day. I couldn't have asked for a more perfect hairdo. My hair texture is fine and thin and Shantel was able to work it to make my hair look amazingly full. The outcome was exactly as I envisioned it.  Shantel knows hair and she did everything in her power to make my hair look perfect on my big day. If you live in the Vegas area, go to the Kelly Cardenas salon and ask for Shantel. She will never let you leave the salon unsatisfied.
5	Great place! I just moved to Las Vegas from Los Angeles. I was so nervous before going into the salon. I was walking up and Kelly opened the door for me and instantly made me feel comfortable. The whole staff was very friendly and fun! My appointment with Shantel went GREAT! She sat me down and we started talking about what I wanted to do with my hair. She knew exactly what I wanted and my hair came out great. I've been getting so many compliments on my new hair. While I was getting color Kelly came up and spoke with me and I mentioned to him that I was going to school for aesthetics started giving me advice and wanted to hook me up with some of his connections I was so excited and I cannot wait to go back!
5	I have been through, LITERALLY, nearly 50 hairdressers in my lifetime and have never gone back to the same person twice. I'm picky, ok? I called Kelly Cardenas Salon on Wednesday and got an appointment with Colie that same day. All of the staff was amazing from the moment I walked in the door. I was offered water, coffee, tea, and WINE! At the front desk, I was told if I needed ANYTHING, a cab, dinner reservations, ANYTHING, that they would do it.  I was given a small tour of the salon, then was shown the dressing room where I was able to hang my jacket and put on a robe. I was then led into the "shampoo room" and I will just say, it was AMAZING in there. The sinks adjust to you, relaxing music is played and all the while, you're getting an amazing scalp, neck, and shoulder massage. Colie explained everything she was doing to my hair so my fear that I'd look down and see a chunk of hair fall from my head was alleviated. She was careful about taking off just the right amount of length. The price was VERY reasonable. The experience in itself was amazing. Rather than dreading a trip to the salon, now, I can't wait to go back.
5	As soon as I walked in I felt welcomed.  I was offered a beverage, everyone introduced themselves, I received a tour of the salon...  They really love their job and they love who they work for.  They all act with the utmost professionalism.  Prices are very reasonable.   I was very satisfied with my entire visit.
5	Everyone else touched on what I would mention about this place- the staff is amazing and friendly, the atmosphere is great, and the results are outstanding! There's a great energy, and I love the family-like feeling the stylists have with each other. Everyone seems to be willing to help everyone out.To me, it's very expensive, but I come from a small town. Also, I always end up getting the extra conditioning treatment and a product or 2. I've never felt like it wasn't worth it, though!My stylist is Chantel, and she's the sweetest thing. She makes you feel so welcome. I was really nervous about going the first time, and she put me at ease. I love the way my hair comes out every time! She listens to what you want, and then delivers it. I couldn't ask for more!Every time I leave this place, I feel fantastically pampered.
4	So Darci left the salon and moved to England...Cheerio!!  But I was introduced to Shantel before she left and figured I'd give her a go.My appointment was scheduled for 12:15 but that day I got a ring on the telie by the scheduler and asked if I wouldn't mind coming in a few hours later because she was running behind. I agreed, I don't want a the person doing my hair to be rushed or helping multiple clients, bloody awful! Plus I was going on holiday that weekend and couldn't chance trying to reschedule.When I arrived for my appointment, I ended up waiting a half hour til Shantel was ready for me. Bollocks! She then of course proceeded to split her time between my head and another clients. A few of her salon mates helper her out, but I didn't feel as special as I did on my other appointments. Sorry for being a whinger.She did a smashing job on my hair though and listened to all my concerns and worked with me as much as my hair would allow.  More recently had an appointment and had to cancel, so I gave them a ring  2 days before, left a message, they called me back the next day to confirm the cancellation. No worries.  But the next day they ended up ringing me an hour after my scheduled/now canceled appointment wondering where I was. Not sure if anyone else had these problems but they need to work on their scheduling.
5	I just came from getting my hair cut and styled by Justin. He was amazing! All of the staff were extremely polite and professional. From a fresh brewed cup of expresso to the fabulous, and I mean fabulous "zen room" where you get a neck massage and a shampoo to soothing music and candlelight. I came to Kelly Cardenas in recovery mode from an absolutely horrible cut at a neighboring salon. Justin not only empathized, but listened to what I actually needed. He explained what he was doing throughout the entire styling process. For the first time in YEARS.. I have a beautiful haircut and one that I can actually manage and style on my own. Kudos to Kelly Cardenas and their staff! I will recommend you to everyone I know :-)
5	I love this place and have been going here since they opened.  From Sara... to Justing... to Colie... ALL of their stylists are seriously amazing and I have never had a bad haircut at this place from anyone.  (I like to switch up my stylists for a little variety!)  I love their spa-like wash room and the cheerful attitude of all their employees.  It's obvious they are well taken care of here and happy- and it is reflected in their service with their customers.
5	After reading all the great reviews about Kelly Cardenas Salon, I decided to give it a try.  I made an appointment with Shantel about a week in advance, and as soon as I arrived I was greeted by her and offered a refresment.  I received a tour of the salon before getting started and the vibe alone was fantastic.  Everyone was very upbeat and super friendly.  5 Stars for the best overall impression of a salon and the atmosphere.  The shampoo session alone was amazing and very relaxing!  Shantel was great, she really took the time to listen to what I wanted, and offered her advice as well.  One great thing about the service here is that Shantel informed me of the products she was using so that I would know how to style my hair.  I was in and out of the salon pretty quickly, however I did not feel like it was rushed at all.  Shantel was extremely friendly and I already booked my next appointment.
5	I recently moved to Las Vegas and have been searching the town looking for the perfect stylist and salon to call "home".  I have finally found both at the Kelly Cardenas Salon!!!  From the moment you step in the door you can feel the amazing energy and you actually feel like you are welcome there.  The staff is super friendly and goes above and beyond!  Shantel gave me the hair color and style that I have been searching for and she was just overall FABULOUS!  Brad even went beyond the salon duties and suggested good eats to try out and even printed off the info & directions for me!  There is not one negative thing that I could say about this salon everything was amazing so THANK YOU Kelly Cardenas Salon & Staff for being so FABULOUS!
5	I love this place! The service is excellent! I've gone to several salons and this one is my favorite.
4	Cool place!! It's a really small salon but really cute/ modern. All of the employees were super nice and friendly. I was a first timer there and normally my first time at a salon, I usually feel unwelcome and uncomfortable. Not here. I was offered wine, coffee, tea, etc. I had a tea ;)  I also came for my appointment late and they were totally cool about it!! So my favorite part of this experience was my shampoo. lol. I know it sounds crazy but it was just so amazing!! I got a 15 minute scalp/ shoulder massage and wow!! It was just so nice and relaxing. I would honestly go back just to have my hair washed!!My cut was pretty good. I expected it to suck but it was good!! I still prefer my stylist on the east coast but I guess this is just the best that I am going to find out here in Vegas. I LOVED my curls that one of the stylists did (since i was late, my original stylist had to take another client so another girl did my curls.) She explained exactly how to do it so I can do it myself at home. She did an amazing job and my curls lasted a whole night of partying (til 4 am to be exact)I really liked this place and it was really cheap ($45 for haircut, wash, and style!!) My normal haircut costs about $150 so it was nice to pocket that extra $$ lol. One thing - the stylists all really pushed to sell the styling products and I wasn't really interested in buying anything. I ended up just getting a travel hairspray just to get something. All good though!! No complaints about this place!! Love it and will definitely recommend it to all of my friends :)
5	Moving to Vegas from Los Angeles, I was beginning to lose hope that such a hip place like this existed, but it's true, IT DOES!Kelly, staff, and salon all look the part...You can tell right off the bat that they know appearances mean everything! I can't tell you how many times I've walked into a salon where the people working there feel they are exempt from reflecting their own work on their person. The staff here are not afraid to express themselves and to help you do the same. They are hip, colorful, and memorable...just like you should be when you leave!The "wash house" is to die for. I would go back again just to get a hair wash and a massage. Thank you, Gina! It's so calming and relaxing, and they take their time. They don't treat you as a drive-thru customer. You have their full attention for the duration of your stay. I am sooo happy with my cut. Kelly is so talented and experienced...I couldn't ask for better really! Not to mention, he's a great guy. He gave me a cut that not only looked great when I left, but that was manageable on my own as well.
4	excellent friendly staff. unique set up in the arrangement of the salon makes you feel a part of everything and lends itself to everyone conversing. upbeat and very social atmosphere. no pressure sales for products! and my hair looked fantastic! the color and highlights they recommended had my friends asking what i had done to make myself look younger!
3	This review will be done in parts so as to be fair and accurate.Client service is, by far, the best I've experienced. From the initial appointment phone call to paying for service, it was a very pleasant experience. Every staff member was very client focused.The ambiance is very spa-like. Greeted with citrus water (my preference), your bag put into the valet cubbies, someone standing guard in front of the robe room, and you're escorted to the shampoo room. This room, yeah, awesome. You're treated to a scalp, neck, and shoulder massage while you are shampooed, the water is set to your preferred temperature, and it's all in a darkened room with some relaxing music. Very zen.I will give credit to the stylists for all being very attentive to their clients and providing a welcoming and warm environment.  And funny too!  I appreciate humor.  Now onto the cut.  Sigh, it really pains me to say this, but yeah, no, not a fan.  And this is by no means to disrespect anyone's expertise or talent, but end of the day, I was not happy with the cut.  I have lots of thick, curly hair, and it needed proper tending, and it didn't get it.  The cut seemed ok initially, but I couldn't really gauge the actual silhouette because my hair was straightened (blow-dry and flat-iron) before I left the salon.  Styled like that it was great-looking but I *never* wear my hair like this, so it really wasn't beneficial to the cause.  So then I wash and style my hair at home, in all its curly glory, and... it's uneven.  The hair framing my face leaves me lop-sided.  Grr-argh.  I am so, so anal-retentive about symmetry that this was driving me crazy for a week before I called the salon to come in for an adjustment.  Again, credit where credit is due, they were very accomodating and got me in that evening to see the same stylist that had initially done the cut.  Said stylist was very understanding and I essentially got a second hair cut, done at no charge as courtesy for the inconvenience of the initial cut not working out.  Ok, so I think great, it's been fixed, and we're good to go for a few months.  Nope.  A few days later, I wash and style my hair at home and *again* the face-framing hair is uneven.This salon is awesome, it really, really is, but if I can't get my hair cut to make me happy, sadly, I won't be coming back.
2	Though the people were nice, I felt that the ability of the hairstylists were not reflective of the image that the salon presented.
4	I got my hair done here for my wedding, and I was very happy with the end product. So why the 4 stars instead of 5? Sara cut and styled my hair- the styling was PERFECT but the cut was very meh. I still have split ends afterwards :(That being said, I was very happy with everything else. They offer a free pick-up service for out-of-towners. My ride called me when she was close, and cheerfully waited for me when I told her I was on my way back from lunch. While in the car, I decided at last minute to get my makeup done as well. Their two makeup artists were booked for the day, but they hooked me up with Inglot at Caesars which turned out to be amazing!Everyone was so friendly when we arrived. Roxy greeted us and offered us drinks. They have a full bar! Woo! I had some cucumber water and red wine. We got a brief tour around the salon, and I changed into a robe. When Sara was ready, I got taken into the wash house. LOVE. You get about a 10 minute scalp, neck, and shoulder massage with your shampoo.Like I said before about the cut- it wasn't very good and I still have split ends, but Sara really knows what she's doing when it comes to styling. Although I wanted something pretty simple for my wedding, I had only been impressed once with someone styling my hair. This was the second time that someone actually hit the bullseye. It was perfect and exactly what I wanted: half pulled back with lots of volume. I was a bit surprised by the bill, because I had read another review on Yelp saying that a shampoo, cut, and style was $45. I paid $190 for mine plus a $40 tip. Maybe it's because I said it was for my wedding so they charged me for a wedding hair style? I'm not really sure, because it really was a very simple style. I'm not complaining though; without the $45 mentioned on a previous review, I would've expected to pay around $200 anywhere else for a wedding hairdo. They mentioned that someone who used to work for them recently opened up a focus salon like theirs in Austin...gotta call back and figure out what that salon is. Can't wait to try it out here!
1	Style over substance is my summary of the salon.  The place is moderne and all the stylists have the latest and greatest salon jargon down.  The look of the place is hip for Vegas.  The staff is super courteous.  Unfortunately, there is a lack of talent.  I got a pretty bad haircut and style.  Think bad prom hair.  My boyfriend keeps calling me Snooki now.  If I wanted to look like a desperate housewife from New Jersey, I would just wander over to one of the salons that the old ladies visit here in Boulder City.  I wouldn't have had to schlep across town to be annoyed by helpful people who can't fix hair.
1	This place was ridiculously overpriced! They charged me $80 just for a cut and all I got was a trim. I was told by Marshall because my hair is thick I had to pay more! How whack is that!!!! I could go to Bellagio or Wynn for only $15-20 more. Needless to say I certainly wont go back to a place that thinks it's ok to charge me more for a simple trim because it actually requires a little work and effort on there side. I definitely do not recommend this over priced snooty salon.
5	Love this place! Had my hair highlighted by some other lady and she streaked my hair  so my sis recommended this place. sarah fixed the blonde and did everything I asked and better!! I'm terrified of trying new places and am very picky about my hair! 100% recommend this place!! And all the girls here are so friendly I love it!! the cut, style, color and products are amazing!
5	I have been going here for 2 years now and I just love all of the staff and the results of  their work every single time I'm there.  I started with Sara, the hot red headed super hero, and have gone to Colie quite a few times as well.  They are well trained, experienced, and make me feel so comfortable.  Going to Kelly's lovely salon is the highlight of my month and I always leave feeling like a movie star.  I had to change my hair from the dark purple I'd been getting done for about a year to pure blond for a job and they managed to do this drastic change without having to cut off a ton of my hair. For color, they can do absolutely anything, from hot pink to bombshell blond. And if you want to get some bangs added to your do they are superior. If you know what's good for your hair, you will treat yourself to a pamper session with the super stars of Kelly Cardenas!
4	Had a great experience here.  The hair washing/head massage was nice, the service was good.  My hairstylist understood my reticence to get my hair cut by someone new and gave me a good haircut.  I won't end up with a mullet this time!  What a friendly staff!Two negatives but I'm not sure everyone would find them negative so I'm not really taking stars off for them.  First of all they are heavy on sales, which, being in sales myself I understand, but it is a bit awkward when all you want is a hair cut and several times throughout your experience you have to say, no thanks I'm happy with my products.  I was told about their products by the greeter, the girl who showed me where to change, my hairdresser, the greeter again and then the hostess again.  The second unfortunate thing was the price.  I don't make a ton of money but I do usually spend a decent amount of money for my hair cut because I feel a lot better when I have a good hair cut.  When I schedule my appointment, I did so online mainly because it was Monday and they were closed and I wanted to get my hair cut the next day.  I was excited to see you could schedule it online.  There were three categories, hair cut with Kelly, with a stylist, or a newbie.  I forget the prices for Kelly (too high) or a newbie (kind of scary for me) so I chose a stylist.  It said $45/^  I figured that that indicated it could be higher, but found no further explanation.  So I booked under the title any stylist, and booked my haircut.  My last hairstylist was about $70, so $45 seemed cheap and I expected it to be more.  But when the greeter charged me $100, I was a bit in shock.  I didn't ask why it was so high, I felt awkward doing so in such a high end place.  I felt I had done my research and that $55 dollars was a bit over the ^ signal on their service menu.  What do you think?  Maybe I should have done more research?  I had a good hair cut, but probably can't afford to go back here anymore.
4	I loved my stylist, I loved the atmosphere and I loved the staff (the gentleman that mans the front desk, I think his name starts with a "B" has the most amazing white teeth I've ever seen in my life, for real. They're hypnotizing) However, I had to break up with them due to the issues with scheduling. At my FIRST appointment, I pre-scheduled appointments for about 6 months out. At my SECOND appointment I realized that the pre-scheduled appointments wouldn't work (because I'm an air head when it comes to scheduling) and requested that they be cancelled. That was the start of all my woe.Apparently, the appointments were never cancelled out of the system, so I would get a call telling me I missed my appointment, when it was one that was supposed to have been cancelled to begin with. I would call, explain the sitch, the person on the phone would say, "OK, I'll cancel them all out" and then it would happen all over again. After the third time I just couldn't stand the thought of my lovely stylist having her time wasted and losing money due to the scheduling issues. They were very kind when I explained I needed a break and they even offered me a discount when I eventually returned. I few months went by, and I was all set to make another appointment when, you guessed it, I got a phone call saying I MISSED an appointment. Obviously the issue hadn't been fixed yet, which is a shame because I miss my girl Shantel (holla!)
1	A few years ago I had scheduled a haircut with master stylist Brandon.  It cost me about $100 plus tip.  I had never paid so much for a haircut before so I expected amazing results but to me it was "eh".  I never returned again and would not reccommend because it was nothing special to me at all and could have gone somewhere else for a lot less.  I really like to try different places for haircuts.  I kind of got bored of my stylist so I decied to Kelly Cardenas Salon once more but with someone else.  I didn't know who so I had just called the salon and they chose Jen for me stating that she was awesome at haircuts.  Her cuts were $55.  Yes the shampoo room is always amazing, but that was the only thing good about this whole experience.  Never returning again! I got a trim which was barely a trim. Then she started to blow dry my hair as another guy came by to help out with the drying and I realized it was Brandon! Jen left the rest of the blow drying to Brandon while she went to start another haircut with someone else.  My hair was blowed dried to the crisp and on top Brandon started to flat iron my hair strand by strand while i would see my hair smoking, when he got to the tips of my hair with the iron it would pull my hair like crazy.  He said that was to seal the cuticles.  Waste of my money and time. I probably have to get a real trim next week. I told them my hair was thinning and looked thin so why the hell would you flat iron??? I'm sorry but its a shame to call them experts. Stylist Jenn finally came back after finishing cutting someone's hair to my flat ironed head and said "it looks so much healthier" really?? I could have done this myself at home instead of paying $55 plus tip. I'm so unhappy because I wasted my money on nothing.  I wish I had the personality to complain but I'm the one who just never returns!!  I basically went in with long hair and came out with longer hair from all the flat ironing!! uggh!! complete fail and my hair is more dry and damaged from all the heat!!!!
5	I got my hair done about a month done before my wedding, which I am in love with! I barely said anything about the way i wanted it and it was more then i could ever ask for. Also, I had my wedding updo and makeup done here, once again I was blown away!! I love all the girls here!!
5	I have been going to the Salon for the past three years. They are AMAZING! You walk in and they take your purse and give you anything you want: coffee, tea, wine, etc. And the wash house OMG it's to die for, you will literally fall asleep from the amazing massage they give you. I'm finally writing this review because I had the most amazing experience by a stylist named, Gina. She was so personable and made me feel and LOOK like a million bucks for my birthday! She was patient with me and did a style on me that I absolutely loved! I enjoyed her so much I made my husband go to her to get his hair cut and he came out looking like a stud muffin, I was so impressed!!! All of the ladies are amazing, but Gina, she just has that extra omph!! You will love her!!
4	One of the better hair salons In Vegas.  Always a good haircut! They treat you great! You're never kept waiting too long! And the girls that work there are awesome!
5	Let me just say, this is the best salon I've ever been to. Receptionists are always friendly and helpful and Let me just recommend you to The amazing stylist Colie! She is everything you could ask for. Always understands whatever look I'm trying to go for. I totally recommend this place if you're looking for something edgy, bold, and crazy! Love this damn salon.
5	I absolutely love this place!  By far the best salon I've ever been to!  Yes it's pricey, but they disclose all the charges to you before they start their work.  I've been screwed over multiple times by hair salons, but they are very honest upfront about their prices.  I spent a lot on my hair, but I was also box dying it for several months which they had to correct, and I didn't have a hair cut in six month prior to coming here.  Jenn did my hair, and she did an excellent job.  Some may not like that there were passed off to different people, but I didn't mind it at all, it gets things done much faster.  The essentials are done by the person you are originally set up with.  I bought a lot of product, which I was given an awesome discount on, and Jenn put some of the red hair dye in my conditioner while sending me home with gloves as well!  I don't care what anyone else says, I would totally recommend this place!
5	Amazing experience! Love this salon
5	I immediately felt comfortable and so at home walking into this salon. The receptionist greeted me in such a friendly way, offered me a drink and put my purse away in what they call their "Bag Valet." My stylist was Colie and she's hands down the best stylist I've ever gone too. Her and her assistant Jay were so funny, friendly and very easy to talk to. Their service is AMAZING and I can go on and on about it, but you just have to go in and see for yourself. Prices are a little up there, but it was worth every penny. Not only did I walk out loving my new hair, but I walked out promising myself that I wouldn't go to any other salon but Kelly Cardenas!
5	So I've been here 3 times now and I still love it as much as I did the first time. You have to try it, if only for the AMAZING shampoo where it is a spa like setting and you will feel totally relaxed with the scalp, neck, and shoulder massage. Christine does my hair, I feel like I've known her for years, she's very lovely. I just walk in and say do whatever and love it.
5	Just got back 30 minutes ago, and this salon definitely deserves a review & this is my first one. This place is literally the best salon out of all the ones I've been to, normally when I get my hair done I leave the salon unhappy but not this time. I can't speak for their haircuts yet, but Tanya and Jesse did a fantastic job dying my hair, I cannot be any happier.  the orange in my hair is FINALLY out of my hair!! The shampoo and the massage is to die for, and this salon has the best customer service. I'm glad that I found a salon that I'll feel confident going back to and I'll be looking forward to the next time I go! I love this place, and if you're debating if you should give this salon try please do!
5	Love this place!  Jennifer Moses, better known as Jen, is by far the best stylist and colorist in Vegas.  As a Radio personality and Board Member of multiple non-profit organizations, I have to attend multiple events monthly.  Jen is the person to see and she knows the exact color and style for the particular occasion.  Thanks Jen for the amazing styles and colors that make every event that much better and photo-shoots look hot!   When you book your appointment at Kelly Cardenas Salon, be sure to ask for Jen Moses!  http://www.kellycardenassalon.com/stylists/lasvegas/jennifer_moses.html
5	I love this place. After moving to Vegas, I had a hard time finding someone to cut and style my hair properly. I stumbled upon this salon through Yelp and by constantly driving by it. I went in for a quick bang trim. Schantel cut them, and I was hooked! The bang trim was free (they always are at this salon, making my 'do fresh in between cuts) and I booked an appointment with her for a full cut. The staff is super nice, and everyone looks hip. You're offered a beverage and you can leave your purse in some cubbies at the front. You're then taken to their wash room, where the lights are dim, there's spa music, and you're treated to a shampoo session and a quick neck and shoulder massage. I LOVE Schantel. She is the sweetest! She knows exactly how my hair looks best, she works really fast, and she really takes care of me. My hair always looks great because of her, and she never tries to sell me Paul Mitchell products, as she is well aware that I use supermarket products, yet always is nice enough to say I "don't need" the fancy stuff. I highly recommend this place, and book Schantel!
2	This salon appears to be trying very hard to create a good salon experience but, is majorly missing the mark. Firstly, I did receive a good haircut so you would think I would be happy however, I left feeling very underwhelmed. I felt like I had been through the cafeteria of salons. You shuttled from spot to spot and from person to person. I spent the least amount of time with my stylist. I got asked a minimum of 10 times if I wanted something to drink, it became almost  bizarre. It was like everyone was a robot reading a script. The people were very nice but, the experience they were creating seemed very disingenuous. I realized in the end that going to salon is a lot more for me than getting a good cut. I enjoy a comfortable not rushed atmosphere and feeling like I get to know my actual stylist. I didn't get that here and am sad to say will probably not return.
5	I have been going to Jenn for years and will always go back. I use to be a hair stylist in a high end NYC spa. The staff is great and friendly. I have never felt pressured into anything. Every time I go in Jenn meets with me to go over my visit and what I would like to have done. She will also tell me pricing and maintenance. The shampoo is an experience to say the least. Amazing and not rushed and then they rub your back after. I would tell anyone to go the Kelly Cardenas Salon and you will be more then happy.
5	I feel like this place should charge more for the quality of their service. IT IS SERIOUSLY TOP NOTCH and all the stylist are uber talented.I'm very picky about who cuts my hair, I've learned through experience not to trust JUST anyone claiming to be a hairstylist with shears. Being asian, my hair is thick as well as straight so it's hard to find a decent stylist that is able to blend the end and add movement without the atypical layered v-cuts.When I got there, I was promptly greet by a couple of the employees in the salon. I was offered a place to put my handbag and was offered refreshments which I happily accepted.My stylist was Colie. She is half asian (phillipino I think) and she listened to my concerns. The shampoo room is COMPLETE ZEN, It is seriously like a spa and those 15 minutes in there helped me unwind. After I was out, Colie got to cutting- keeping me informed every step of the way.When it was time to blowdry and style, she got busy but another employee stepped in to dry my hair.VERDICT? Awesome from start-to-finish with a cut that grew out beautifully.
5	I moved here from San Francisco almost 2-years ago and was looking for a higher-end salon for both color and cut. I searched high and low on Yelp and Kelly Cardenas was the first and only salon that I go to in Las Vegas for my hair. I read great reviews about Sara and have stuck with her since. She has great energy, style, professionalism and knows the latest and greatest about hair. Sara is the reason I keep going back to Kelly Cardenas Salon. She takes great care of my hair, tries different colors and styles and I'm thrilled every time. They also have a sound-proof room that they wash your hair and give you a nice neck and head massage. I look forward to my visits!! Thanks Sara!
5	Jenn, at Kelly Cardenas Salon, is an amazing hair stylist!  She will make you look and feel like a million bucks.  Want a change?  She knows exactly what to do to make you look great and keep the integrity of your hair.  Jenn is extremely talented and passionate!  Thank you so much, Jenn!Also, the entire staff is wonderful!  You will want for nothing while you are visiting the salon.  Massage and back rub?  You will get it!  Drinks?  You will have them.  Try it out.  You will never want to go anywhere else.
5	I found this salon through Yelp when I moved to the Las Vegas area for the winter.  I love the ambiance, the exceptional customer service, the talent and the stylists.  I went to Justin for the first season, until he left to help open the Carlsbad location - I try to see him when he's back in town, but Colie is my back-up and I love her too.  They are both amazing.  The whole salon experience there is top-notch.  Can't wait to go back :)
1	every time i go to this salon i leave disappointed. i will not be returning. for $150 i expect to be able to notice i did something to my hair.. find somewhere better.
5	I have been going to Kelly Cardenas for 13 years! He is truly one of the most amazing people you will ever meet. The guy is talented, genuine , and the real deal. I have crazy frizzy curly hair and my hair is one of my best features thanks to him. Don't be thrown off by his prices it is well worth the experience. Kelly is a leader and motivator in his profession he shares his gift and passion for hair with his students and staff. You can go to anyone of his team members and they will give you the Kelly experience! You must have a date with Kelly! He is tough to get into right away with his expansion of salons but book far out and he will be there ! :)
1	i don't get the hype? i paid way too much for spots in my highlights, roots in my highlights and breakage! i am not a fan and will not be back.
5	What a great experience! I am very picky about salons so I was hesitant but I loved everything about this salon the moment I walked in! It has a very modern yet  fun vibe! Everyone is very friendly and professional. Shantel was my stylist and she is wonderful. She listens to you and is very friendly and professional. Great salon! I love it and I will be back!
4	Ive been to this salon twice in the past 2 months and I love both experiences. They greet you as soon as you walk into the door and always ask if you want something to drink or something to read. I'm from the east coast and I've never experienced anything like this. Oh I forgot to mention that Jen was my hairstylist both times! I'll definitely be going back. :)
5	Love Christine!! She is hands down the best.... But she is on maternity leave right now! Best scalp massages!!!!! They give you like 15 minutes. My only recommendation is thy always forget your drink. They ask and forget every time.... But it's still worth it.
5	I live this place, the people are very upbeat and professional. Sara is my stylist and she does a wonderful job! Slightly more expensive than other salons but for me since I only get my hair done about 4 times a year I splurge a little.
5	Their amazing service started before I even walked in! Sal was there to open the door for me & greet me. A lady loves when a gentleman opens the door for her! I was then greeted by the adorable Eli. He offered me a beverage & took my purse to put in a cubby. Sal then asked if he could show me around the salon. Such a plus! I say down & Bailey greeted me within seconds. I could already tell I was going to like her! She asked what I wanted to do & we discussed my options. First, we did the shampoo. Oh. My. Gosh. Literally the best shampoo I've had! It was relaxing, I wanted to fall asleep & the products smelt amazing. We then sat down & she got to snipping. The techniques she used were all new to me & I love how she explained what she was doing! She used products but not an excessive amount & showed me exactly how to use them.This salon is very personable. I have been looking for a good salon since I moved here 4 years ago & I'm sure it's safe to say I found it! Up until I left, their customer service was remarkable & not over the top. & Of course, on top of all that...I absolutely love my hair! It's exactly what I wanted...maybe even more! Bailey is amazing, I can't stress it enough!
2	I went on a personal recommendation with high hopes for finally finding a stylist in Las Vegas that I can trust. The atmosphere is very high energy. Sal is lovely and very engaging. However, for me the music is a bit too loud (I left with a migraine) and the haircut was not nearly as good as my stylist back East. Too much thinning and texturizing left my wavy hair with frizzy flyaways, no body and tangles. The color is almost the same as before the appointment, no improvement, but thank goodness no disaster either. I couldn't stand to have a bad haircut AND a bad hair color all at once. It looks as though I will be planning my future vacations to include a visit to my beloved, one and only hairdresser back home. There is no one in this city that comes close!
5	Yay!  Justin is coming back to this location!!!  How lucky am I to have not one but two amazing stylists in LV.  Colie was my back up while Justin went to launch Carlsbad and I LOVE her too.And by the way, the "Wash Room" experience is amazing -- Salvador provided a super shampoo -- a whole thing in itself.  I've been going to Kelly Cardenas for three years now.  Love them.  Ask about their Golden Ticket if you are going for the first time!
2	My teen wanted to get a haircut somewhere "modern".  We arrived on time and were greeted by the only friendly person there, the receptionist. The stylist consulted with my son and cut his hair with a razor. The cut was quick and she styled his hair. When he got home he noticed his hair was uneven. We called and explained and went back. The stylist did not seem happy we were questioning her haircut from the previous day. This was our first and last experience here because we will not go back. Not worth the cost nor attitude.
5	My favorite salon!I found KCS through yelp a couple years ago and have been seeing Colie for my hair therapy :)Now that I'm back in LA... I'll drive from LA back to Vegas just to get my hair done by Colie. yup.You are paying for high quality products and service... so be prepared for that financially. Very trendy, friendly salon. Love the wash room and head/neck massage. Parking is never a problem which is something I enjoy about Las Vegas compared to LA.Call ahead of time to book an appointment.
5	My favorite and only salon.  I will never go anywhere else.  I have been coming here since the Grand Opening and used to get my hair done by Kelly when he worked at Mandalay Bay.  I now see Sara always because she is awesome but I wouldn't hesitate for anyone working here to do my hair.  Sara did an awesome job with my 15 inch donation for Locks Of Love.  Always friendly and the shampoo wash is hands down the best thing ever.  "What happens in the wash room, stays in the wash room" should be the KCS motto.  Love everything about this salon.
5	Lacey is the best! Salon is amazing. Professional. Total spa experience. Best shampoo EVER. EV. ER. They send you in to a dark, silent room and massage the stress out of your head. Pure love. Was in and out within an hour, which makes me very happy! Everyone helps each other out, which I love. Total professional family environment. And LACEY is an amazing artist. Made my next appt already. YAYYYYYYhttps://www.kellycardenassalon.com/las-vegas-salon/lacey-dapice/
5	I had the best experience at the salon! I was taken care of by Kailey, who did an amazing job on my hair! She gave me a trim and a perfect ombre! Check the pictures :) I was a little nervous going so light because of having naturally dark dark brown hair, but she made sure it came out just the way I wanted it! The wash room and the wash experience is nothing like I've ever experienced! I never wanted it to end. I highly recommend Kailey and Kelly Cardenas Salon. Thanks again!
5	Thanks to Yelp I was able to find a great hair salon nearby! This Salon is great..Bailey did my hair and I left there more than satisfied! The price is VERY reasonable and I loved the head and neck massage...I was watching the way the others cut/styled hair...they are all awesome! So glad I've found my new spot...I will be back again for sure.
5	Love my Sara! I love this place and I am so sad I moved and can't go here anymore. I saw Sara for about 3.5 years and I loved every second of it. 1. She is great with color...fabulous glorious color. I would tell her what I was thinking and she would execute flawlessly every time.2. The wash room...oh the washroom. Such a wonderful experience. 3. The vibe...loud, colorful, fun. If you are a big dull dud you might not like here.4. The entire staff is super sweet.Tips: book your appointments online or checkin online and you get 10% off product.Highly recommend Sara. I never went to anyone else there but they all seem wonderful.Enjoy your time there!
5	This is my all time favorite hair salon. It was recommended to me by a prior roommate. As I have moved all over the valley, I still take the time to travel to Kelly Cardenas Salon. Sara is my colorist and stylist. She is absolutely amazing. She is great at getting a feel for what I'm looking for when it comes to the color of my hair and how dramatic I want to go as I like to switch it up fairly often. Overall, I always look forward to my appointments here!
5	One word-- KAILEY!! I'm so glad I got her as my stylist! She perfected everything I wanted. She listened and executed. Every step of the way she would tell me what she was doing with my hair, so I never questioned her techniques. I am obsessed with my cut. I highly recommend her for all your cut and color needs!! This is my first Yelp review worth writing about. This place is amazing and the customer service exceeded my expectations! Thank you Kelly Cardenas Salon :) I will be back forsure!
5	Call and schedule with Kelsey Fenner!!!! Its the best salon experience you will ever have. Massage/ bombshell hair/ affordable prices? SIGN ME UP!!!!
5	Lived in vegas for about 3 years before i found this salon. It's a Paul Mitchell salon. First time i called in they put me with Bailey, and i've been coming here since then only seeing her. She's a sweetheart, and talks you through the whole process letting you know what to do when your at home trying to do it on your own. Theres only a few people i trust with my hair and she's on the top of my list. Told her my long term goal for my hair is to grow it out down my back and for it to appear thicker (i'm asian with semi-thin hair) in a chocolate brown color. We're getting there faster then i expected and my color always comes out great when i do a touch up! Every time i leave this salon i feel like i'm walking down a runway, everyone stops and stares.. Thanks Bailey! i highly recommend this salon.
5	Let me just start off by saying that for the rest of my life i will only ever go to "a Paul Mitchell salon". I moved to Vegas 2 years ago and had the opportunity to visit a Paul Mitchell salon that a friend worked at, this is where i fell in love with Paul Mitchell Products as well as the quality and skill level of this brand. Switching jobs i found myself a few doors down from yet another Paul Mitchell Salon, Kelly Cardenas to be exact. From the moment i walked through the door i felt welcome. From beginning to end i felt 100% taken care of. Started off with a shampoo and amazing neck massage followed by a cut,dry,style, and up-do. Also to be perfectly honest i have baby fine hair and not much of it anyway which i am semi self-concious about and my stylist, Salvador, never commented on it, he only showed me ways to improve my look and taught me some new styling techniques. I will say the thing i am most happy about is my cut. Hair stylists have always shy'd away from doing layers since my hair is thin, but Salvador added just a few and i am absolutely in love with my new look! I will definately return to Kelly Cardenas for my next hair adventure, and will have Salvador work his magic again!
5	This is the best salon ever. I had such a wonderful experience here. Between the entire staff making me feel like a friend and the best cut and style, I'll never go anywhere else.  Salvador was my stylist for 3 appointments now and he's incredible. He did the cut & style for my friend & I  in a resent shooting of a brand new reality show. Our hair was more impressive than the show. Enough said, just go.
5	Feeling unsatisfied with your life?  Does the hum-drum routine of every day living depress the heck out of you?  Would you like to feel like a frigging rock star, if only for an afternoon?  Get your bored, drab butt out to see Justin (or any of the stylists, really) at Kelly Cardenas STAT.  From the moment your weary feet cross the doorway, you're swept up into a wonderland of style and pampering.  From the charming front desk representatives who greet you with enthusiasm just missing the mark of a fan girl meeting Benedict Cumberbatch, to the soothing sounds of Mushroom Jazz, this place is all about atmosphere.  After changing into a gown (there will be no ruining of clothes in this establishment!), a wonderful angel whisks you back to the washing room for an experience worth well above what you're paying for.  In a completely separate room with soothing music and dim lights, you receive not only a wash but a massage that would make even the most uptight, nervous Nelly relax.  Did I mention Justin knows how to do hair?  I mean, really knows how to do hair?  Because he does.  He takes his work seriously but there is also a playfulness about him - you know you're in good hands.  Still, he could accidentally shave me bald and after 10 minutes in the shampoo room I probably wouldn't care much.  After reading this, you're probably thinking to yourself "Gee, that sounds nice.  But what's this going to cost me?"  I promise you - this salon is no more pricey than any other salon in this area.  Maybe a pinch more - and seriously, be ready to tip big because THEY DESERVE IT.  ;)   I'm just sad I had my hair done 2 days ago so it will be at least a month before I can justify going again.  Love.  This.  Place.
3	Today was my second visit..... Not going back.... Took over 2 hours for color  and blow dry!! Hated the blow out.... I paid $300 three weeks ago for highlights and a lighter base color today she made my hair so dark i wasted all that money on highlights that she covered!!! The best part is the shampoo .... Really  disappointed.... Beware staff is nice but experience very iffy?????
5	Absolutely LOVE this salon!! Love the vibe, the amazing massages, the personable customer service, the extensive color bar, the mimosas, but most of all my stylist Lacey who gave my hair its life back. Could not be happier, I was seeking help for my blah hair and stumbled upon this jewel on Yelp who would have thunk?!
5	I don't even know where to start. So here it goes. I had a really tough night and decided the next morning I would get my hair done. So I wake up early in the morning and call the salon where I was greeted by a very friendly guy that assured me I could get my hair done that same day! I was so relieved because I really wanted to treat myself to something nice. And after seeing all the reviews I decided to try this place out. When I walked in I was greeted by the receptionist and he was very kind! The outlook of this place was really cool too. Then I got greeted by my stylist. She asked me what I wanted to do today and I told her highlights. Long story short, between the iced tea, the massage, and the amazing stylist by the name of Bailey, I had an absolutely amazing day. And my hair turned out amazing. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone (:
5	I've been coming to this salon for the past 6 years.  Jen is amazing, it's like she can read my mind when it comes to my hair! All the of the stylist are educated and know the current trends. These people know what they are doing! It's always a fun and friendly experience, did I mention they offer you wine, flavored water and coffee?!!And I always walk out of the salon with amazing hair!
1	EXREMELY disappointed after spending 4 hours for a color corrector and highlight. Walked out after paying $240 for a service that was horrible. Was told that he was "amazing" by the receptionist who booked my appointment. My hair was just a frizzy mess when I left and no style was done. I will NEVER return or recommend this place to anyone. I will not say his name because I'm sure there are some great workers in there. Customer Service was fine it was the end result that sucked!!! After showing a picture of what I wanted he didn't even come CLOSE to my request.
5	A serious salon experience complete with cucumber water, Relaxation room and neck massages for all.  Wandered in one day, looking for a new salon. Had no idea what to expect. I was blown away. They are booked solid but  still squeezed me in for cut 'n color. I was a happy camper & have been going back since.The stylists are very good and help each other in areas of expertise. They are like a little family...it's like a little hive; they are buzzing around everywhere & there's never an empty chair....a good sign! I love the owner's emphasis on continuing education with trends in hair, as well. Kuddos!
5	This place is amazing!! The atmosphere is very welcoming and the staff is super nice! Justin has been doing my hair and he is wonderful. I show him what I like and he has exceeded my expectations. The hair wash/neck massage is the best. It's reasonably priced for Las Vegas. I used to get my hair done at Mirage and spend $140 for shampoo and cut. I only spent $55 at Kelly Cardenas and left just as happy. Definitely a place to check out!
5	This is the best salon I have ever been too! The staff is incredible and extremely friendly. They are always happy and greet you when you walk in. They even remember what type of wine I like!!Bailey is my stylist and she is amazing! She has done such an awesome job with my transforming my platinum blonde hair! It's extremely healthy and soft! You have to try this place out!! Everyone on this staff rocks!!
5	Another great experience. Every time I go I feel like a friend & leave looking fantastic. Salvador is a master of hair, he continues to impress me. I made sure to post a picture.
5	This is the best hair salon I've even been to. It was a last minute appointment and I was lucky enough to get in with a cancellation. They all work together and seem to genuinely like each other. I had 3 people working on my hair! Kailey was my colorist and she was awesome! I had my hair sombre colored...darker on top with highlights increasing toward the bottom. I have my own license and I've been too and worked in some very upscale hair salons but this takes the cake and was different! The shampoo room was a nice touch and very relaxing. From the moment you walk in until the moment you leave it's top notch service.
5	I just moved to Vegas and was really worried about getting my hair done.  No worries any longer.  I saw Jenn - and she couldn't have been nicer.  Even when I complained about the color - which is always tricky for me because it is so hard to tell in different lighting whether the color is quite right or not.  After a couple of days, I can see that the color is just beautiful.  It is really one of the best that I've ever had - and I've been coloring my hair for more years than I like to admit.  My hair feels lovely and I am just happy as can be.  Further, the fact that I did complain a little - and she put on a toner to adjust it slightly - while everyone was just as nice as could be and didn't make me feel bad about complaining - means that I will be back.  Yes, I am admitting to being a difficult client - and yet they were still super nice and gave me a wonderful color!
5	I'm gonna keep this short and sweet.Wash, neck/shoulder message, cut, dry, anddd style $55Justin sat me down and talked about what we were going todo with my long locks. I left it open to interpretation becauseI was tired of having boring long hair without shape. We kept the length and added long flowing layers. Delaney helped with the entire process and honestlyshe's awesome! They both were! Very friendly people.They curled up my hair and it was back to beinga beautiful waterfall of dark curls once again.After getting cheap hair cuts I was reluctant topay a little extra, but it was so worth it!Definitely book an appointment with them!
5	Found them on yelp, lacy was amazing. Color cut and style. Super attentive. Checked in to make sure she wasn't too rough, if I needed anything. Kept the conversation friendly and appropriate. Love my hair. Excited to see her back in Cali at their other location. Thanks again Lac, you made my birthday!!!
5	After getting a bad haircut over the summer, I decided that it's about time to pay a little more for something worth it. I found this place after a simple search on yelp. Read all the great reviews and was sold immediately. I called and was able to make an appointment just an hour out! Chardae is now, my new hair stylist! She's amazing. Super sweet and friendly, and big on education! She explains everything she does and even gave me a bunch of tips on how to keep my hair in perfect condition.Long story short, I've always had long and thick hair. My last cut was horrible. It was thinned out too much but I wanted to keep the length so there was nothing I could do but wait. Chardae started off with the awapuhi hair treatment to bring some life back into my hair. The massage that came with the wash was amaaazing! Head, neck, shoulders, arms, even hands! I was thoroughly impressed. The haircut itself was great. I love what she did with it. I have so much volume and my hair feels much thicker now! At the end of the cut, a team of stylists came over to help blow dry and Chardae finished off with curling my hair. Hair treatment, wash, massage, cut, blow out, styling... All for $80! (Cut $45, awapuhi treatment $35). It's a little pricey for what I'm used to but in my opinion, definitely worth it! A good hair cut goes a long way ;)
5	I saw Bailey a few weeks ago for a 50's pin up style and she was amazing! Her along with everyone else there were all super nice. The environment was friendly and clean. I will definitely be going back!
2	I came here after finding this place on yelp. I was NOT impressed.Price: $65 for a basic haircut. I knew this place was going to be more than I would normally pay, but $65??? Yelp under pricing says it is $45. When I told them that they only charged me $45. But honestly, the haircut I got here is worse than haircuts I have gotten from students at the different hair schools here.Cut: I just wanted a simple bob cut. I showed the hairdresser a picture. But apparently that was too complicated-       1. If I hadn't said anything I would have walked out with the right side longer than the left. Yes, it was totally uneven and I had to ask her to fix it.       2. She put all these layers in back that she did not put in the front. My hair flips outward in back, and curves in on the sides where there are less layers... Even after straightening it. It looks like crap.Atmosphere: This place is small and crowded. It's one large room and then a small washroom in back. The washroom is dark with incense and music. It's a little cheesy if you ask me -I came here for a quality haircut, not fake ambience Service: My hairdresser was nice, but I felt like I was on a first date. What do you do? How long have you been here? Where are you from? Really??? I just want my hair cut! Then as she was drying my hair, she switched places with another hairdresser and had her blow dry my hair. And I had to answer the same questions allover again!Furthermore, all of the hairdressers that I had seen there... had terrible hair! And even the one who blew dry my hair told me that her hair looked terrible that day. If you're going to sell haircuts, you need to have an awesome one!!
5	Love coming here! The staff are so friendly  I have Bailey as my stylist and I love how she can recommend and tell me what works and doesn't works for me. I love their wash house it's so relaxing inside sometimes I feel like I just want to fall asleep while they wash my hair. I'm so happy that I found a salon that I can trust my hair with.
5	Bailey is great!  Gave me exactly what I wanted and and was very knowledgeable. Great experience!
