3	A nice dependable alternative to the ubiquitous chains that dot the PHX landscape.  Service varies on day and location.  I find the Central Ave. restaurant to be the better of the few in the area, plus it's around the corner from my place. The decor is a bit suburban-Midwest soccer mom, but the food is solid.  I usually get the Monterey, Bacado or Old Pueblo skillet.  A neighborhood joint - you're more likely to see gay singles on weekends than the seniors.
3	I wouldn't make a special trip to come here... but, I must admit I eat lunch here at least once every two weeks.  It's right across the street from where I work and it is one of the better lunch options within walking distance.  There is a good veggie wrap on the menu that I like quite a lot that you can get with a side of fruit.  I also like the omlettes.  It's cheap and easy.  If you work in the area it's a good option.
4	The Good Egg is a breakfast spot I frequent on a regular basis. During the week it's hopping with folks on their lunch breaks and the weekend crowd seems to be most predominant during brunch hours.The menu offers a wide variety of items to choose from. They are only open for breakfast and lunch, but you can order any of them at any time during business hours. Pancakes of a mammoth proportion are often seen zooming by on the arm of a server. Instead of hashbrowns, homestyle fried potatoes are served on the side of most dishes.The serving staff have always been very friendly and accommodating and it makes the experience a very pleasant one every time I am there. The patio is very large and can seat many. This is especially nice during sunny days, but not so much on a cold January morning even with the large heaters operating.If you go on a weekend morning, prepare for a bit of a wait. You can sip complimentary coffee outside while waiting for your party to be called. It's always fun to give a fake name for your party as it is eventually announced over a very loud loudspeaker for the world to hear.  When you hear Captain Caveman's party being called to go take their seats, keep an eye out for me giggling somewhere nearby.
3	The Good Egg is like a Coldplay record: totally inoffensive, totally safe.  The menu is varied enough that you're bound to find something you'll stick in your mouth and forget about later.  Also, the service is utterly competent.  In the same way you're not motivated to turn the radio either off or up while Chris Martin croons through "Talk," you won't feel a need to savor or spit out your Southwest Scramble.  It's just there.  Nobody hates Coldplay and nobody hates The Good Egg.Except I do actually hate Coldplay, mostly for the reasons listed above.  I do not, however, hate The Good Egg.  Maybe I hold breakfast restaurants to a different standard than rock bands, unfair as it may seem.  I do realize that the comparison I'm drawing is a stretch, but it's 3:20am and breakfast will soon be upon us.  If I had to go somewhere, I'd probably go here.  It's close enough to my apartment and I know I won't be mad about my meal for the rest of the day.
5	I have shared many an awful, hungover morning with my favorite stars from the Gay Corridor. The service can be on the scary tweaker side, but it's a good, simple breakfast that doesn't stress my dehydrated mind to find deliciousness. They've also many different healthy options, not that I've ever done more than glance at those, but it's wonderful nonetheless. It's the crown and glory of Park Central, and the only reason I still consider Park Central an actual place, as opposed to the reality of it just being a bad idea.
3	Another hard one to rate for me.  Because the fact of the matter is, nothing beats The Good Egg for a simple, quick, satisfying breakfast.  But is there anything special about it?  Not even a little bit.  I want to give it 4, because for me, for my breakfast wants, I would be happy to go there every weekend.  But I can't do that in good conscience, for the following reasons:  It's not a place to linger, because they sling you into a table and throw your food at you super quickly.  I also have to honest and say that every time I've had lunch there, it's been terrible.  For what it is, it does feel a teeny overpriced.  And there's zero atmosphere.  This is the first time I've really agonized over wanting that half star!  I've got nothing bad to say about The Good Egg, just nothing good.  Not when there are places like Palatte and Switch.  So for those mornings when you just want to get in and fill your belly, go for it!
3	Oh The Good Egg. Or as I call it the I'm OK and Your Just Kinda OK Egg. Mediocre. Meh. Harmless not harmful. Kitchy but not catchy. Basic breakfast fare that tries to go outside the box with egg white omelets, low carb tortillas and southwestern fare. It's been called the Gay Egg and on weekends The Way Gay Egg. I appreciate its niche in the Phoenix restaurant scene. I do. It beats Denny's and IHOP. But now has competition from Matt's, Palette and Over Easy. I"m partial to any Central Ave. business and am sure I'll find myself here again. Service is mixed. Most are pleasant. Some. Well, some of them need a nap. While others might benefit from a double shot of espresso. I hate sitting at the horseshoe shaped counter. I find myself staring at the weathered individuals across the way wondering, "Gee, do you really need that extra bacon?". And on the flip side, I catch a few eyeballs focused on me and they're probably thinking, "I can't believe that guy has Hello Kitty sunglasses! Fag!"
5	I love this place!  If you want to go to breakfast... sit on a patio and enjoy the weather and the company you are with the Good Egg is the place for you.  Michael and I come here a lot; if there is  a wait list or not the seating is always prompt.  They have a large menu and I am never disappointed with my choices.  Although the menu is large they do not deviate from the regular breakfast fare much... If you are expecting something drastically different you might be disappointed.  I love sitting on the patio.. enjoying the weather, having a cup off coffee and fresh squeezed OJ and whatever breakfast entree I choose.   The prices are reasonable and the service is always good... what more can you ask for?
4	Though perhaps not the place you may pick for a special brunch with champagne and chocolate brioche French toast (a signature breakfast at the Sofitel Philadelphia), the Good Egg is my choice for neighborhood breakfast that offers consistent service and food in a comfortable atmosphere.No matter how busy the restaurant becomes, and on Sunday it is packed,  the staff is always friendly and welcoming. You may have to wait for a table but the waits are never excessive and there is the coffee trolley where you can help yourself while waiting.  Even more remarkable is that even at its busiest (read Mothers/ Fathers days), service is speedy and attentive and the kitchen never seems to slow down.  Someone here knows how to run a restaurant!The menu contains a large assortment of the usual breakfast fare, eggs, pancakes, french toast, etc, all well prepared and tasty.  In addition there are is a good number of health conscious offerings and even those less healthy dishes can be requested to be made with egg whites or egg beaters, and non-starch substitutes (cottage cheese, fruit, and tomatoes. etc).  Some of my favorites include the Hey Ricky Omelet, Huevos Ranchero ,or my indulgence a (as in one huge singular)  buckwheat pancake with (my choice of "fillings): chocolate chips ( I admit my addictions), pecans, and bananas... We always opt for the patio and even in the scorching summer heat; the misters make this a great outdoor picnic with the best people watching in Phoenix.After you have been here a few times you feel like part of the family and with their frequent dinner program they offer even more incentive to return.
3	Pluses: convenient location, great parking, large menu selection, consistent service, food and experience.Minuses: the food gets boring after a while and isn't all that tasty, the prices are on the high side and the wait can be long on the weekends at some locations.
3	Decent food at not unreasonable prices. The service is good. What is up with the hyper aggressive pigeons on the patio? The waitresses actually pass out squirt guns to the the customers to fend off the ever persistent waves of the foul fowl. At the end of your patio experience there is a certain sense of camaraderie shared with the other patrons.
2	Don't know why I haven't reviewed this place till now...  I've had good pancake breakfasts here before, and since it's been a couple of months (or more) since my last visit, I decided I'd stop by this past Monday since Mondays are double-stamp days at the Central Ave. location.Restaurant was clean and bright.  Restroom counter needed to be wiped down.  Employees were warm and friendly.My one whole-wheat pancake with glazed pecans took 15 minutes to arrive, which I thought was a little too long, but it did look like there were many diners at that time.  I've had better-looking pancakes at this location before (as in wider portions), so this morning's platter was disappointing (please read my review of Dobson location and refer to photo for size comparison).  My server did offer to have another pancake made if I needed it, which I thought was a nice gesture.  Had I the time to wait for the second piece, I may have accepted...  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-good-egg-phoenix-2?select=ajinBMQBGbNI3yXN71_tlA#ajinBMQBGbNI3yXN71_tlAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-good-egg-phoenix-2?select=1lYVcSu7Xj8d_UIHvCb0qw#1lYVcSu7Xj8d_UIHvCb0qwI will be back soon to see if the inconsistency was just a fluke.
4	I went here recently with my family for some breakfast and was very pleased with the food and the service.We had the eggs benedict, biscuits and gravy, and my husband had their version of eggs benedict which had roasted turkey and avocado. We also all shared one of their cinnamon rolls. The cinnamon was my favorite thing here and I would go back just for this. It may have not looked appealing when it arrived, but each bite melted in my mouth. It was not heavy like a most cinnamon rolls....it was light and delicious and the perfect size for 2 people to share.Both benedicts were delicious...I substituted bacon on my benedict and the loaded plenty on my plate. The husbands benedict contained delicious fresh turkey that tasted like it was carved off the bird. My son had the biscuits and gravy which he liked very much and was served a huge portion for just $3.95 ! Also my husband said their coffee was the best he had in a long time and they left the container of coffee so he could refill many times. Our waitress was very sweet and checked back with us regularly to see if we needed anything. I will definitely go back for breakfast here and try some other menu items. We spent about $30 for all 3 of us and we left plenty full and content.
4	First time here and I really enjoyed it.  I was craving a good old fashioned breakfast and that's what I got here.  Budget friendly price and the portion was perfect.  I'll definitely be back, it's a great spot for after Sunday Mass.
4	I LOVE the Bacado. There is nothing better for nursing a hangover than the Good Egg. We try to visit every few weeks. Yes, the wait for a table can be long, but it's totally worth it!
4	I like the egg I havn't been here in awhile. I like the food and like to sit on the patio not in the summer though. The staff is friendly, the prices are reasonable, and the food is good. Nuf said now go eat!
3	8/06Breakfast special- turkey wrap with country potatoes.  Service was a little slow; If I wasn't in a hurry to leave and make it to work on time, the wait wouldn't have been so terrible.  However, once I placed my order in, I swear, it didn't take but two or three minutes for the wrap to arrive.  I didn't know how to react, really.  I was happy that it came out so fast, yet I wondered, am I really getting oven-roasted turkey here, or is it processed?  Oh well...http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-good-egg-phoenix-2?select=NhFXFu6lTVY2XNBIMDdIxQ#NhFXFu6lTVY2XNBIMDdIxQGood bacon, and loved the ranch dressing, though I'd ask them to go easy on the dressing next time.  Liked the country potatoes that were on the crispier side, which there weren't many of.FYI, double-stamps on the weekends are back for the summer!
5	Always a fun place for breakfast.  An outdoor table is a must. The staff is friendly and very accomoding.
3	As a committed resident of the Gayborhood, I can't not accept the Gay Egg as the reflex go-to breakfast spot. It is so very meh in every sense of the word, but the people-watching and pigeon antics help make up for it, as do the little frequent buyer punch cards that get you a free entree after buying five. As for the food and service, it is painfully average. As average as you can fathom. Like, put-you-back-to-sleep average, down to the predominance of slightly overripe cantaloupe in the so-called fruit cup. Its convenience and outdoor seating are what bring us back, again and again...
3	The restaurant is exactly what it looks like: regular food at regular prices. If you're looking for something spectacular, this ain't it. However, if you're looking for someplace that serves filling and affordable food, this is it.Although it was packed, we were seated immediately. The waitstaff was attentive (although not overly so) and the food was timely and edible. The even had a few vegetarian and vegan items on the menu. I was there twice with a group (6-8 people) and we had no problems with anything. The interior is quite retro, but I kinda find it charming. And it's nice to sit outdoors during good weather and people watch.One of the reviewer's compared this place to Matt's Big Breakfast, but that's like comparing apples and oranges. This is not gourmet food, so I think people need to lower their expectations a little. This place is more like Denny's than The Farm at South Mountain. You're not going to get 24-oz. porter house steak in your omlette and creamed Yukon Gold potatoes on the side. You're gonna get eggs, pancakes, sandwiches and salads: simple food.
3	The Good Egg is a breakfast place located in a strip mall, and this is one time where you probably could have guessed the book from its' cover. The Egg serves up a fairly generic, but utilitarian breakfast.While wandering through North Phoenix and staring at dismay at the long lines at Matt's Big Breakfast, The Good Egg turned into the fallback breakfast choice. And it's not so bad here: hearty food in a reasonable climate, extra newspapers at the front of the place for browsing and a small patio out in front. The special was a Philly scramble with sausage, peppers and mushrooms served with hashbrowns. The scramble was fairly uninspiring, but nothing bad certainly. The hash browns were middle of the road as well. Service was prompt and friendly and they do sit a large pitcher of water on every table as well as a coffee container. This is probably more useful during the summer in Phoenix, but it did allow me to rehydrate after a morning run (and there was still plenty of water left over).Overall, a basic breakfast at a reasonable price.
3	I have been to other Good Eggs in the valley but this one is my favorite of all the locations. Maybe because this location doesn't have as much of the 80's country kitchen decor as others. Most likely it's due to the staff being very friendly and speedy. I had the eggs benedict florentine with country potatoes. I don't know if I was extra hungary but it tasted pretty good. It is not anything fancy but makes a decent hearty Sunday breakfast. I like that they give you your own  pitcher of water and an urn of your own coffee.
2	I went back and forth between 1 and 2 stars.  I had tried The Good Egg on a trip to Tucson and when a few visiting friends suggested it, as it was near their hotel, I figured sure, I had a good meal there.  The menu has a lot to choose from and many healthy selections.  It took us a while to order but just enough time for the waitress to bring us our beverges.  It was busy but not overwhelming.  They appeared to be turning over tables well.  We placed our orders.  And waited. We saw the table behind us, who sat after us get their food.  And we waited.  We finished out water and coffee.  And looked for our waitress, we just missed her she took the neighboring tables order and didn't even look over at us. And we waited.  After we saw the tables surrounding us finishing up their meals and paying.  We finally got up and asked for a manager, it had been almost 45 minutes, since we were seated and the waitress who served the tables around us never even thought twice about us.  Turns out she never put in our order and never came to appoligize.   or even wonder why out of the 4 tables she was working we still had not been served.  We had been more than patient and asked for a different server.  The manager who had seated us appoligized becasue he remembered us and he himself was wondering why we hadn't been assisted.  Needless to say the comped us that meal and provided us tickets for another visit.  The new server was gracious and got a great tip.  The food...was meeeh.   The next visit we decided to try the Eggery on Camelback  this time.  We must just have bad luck at this chain...
5	Incredible breakfast/lunch spot in North Phoenix!  If you're looking for an extremely clean place with spacious outdoor seating (two large patios!) then check-out The Good Egg's Tramonto location. This is one of their newer locations, and the decor is as fresh as the food.  Recommend the Breakfast Burrito, my personal favorite and if your a regular, make sure you follow #thegoodegg on twitter.  The love the positive tweets and oftentimes will surprise you with complimentary meals.  www.twitter.com/thegoodegg
5	Great location and even better food and service. Located in the heart of North Central Phoenix and easily accessible if your at the Biltmore or uptown area, you'll find this spacious restaurant a true delight.  Follow them on Twitter and tweet about your experiences, favorite dishes, compliments, etc and you might even get a free meal for the effort.  Try the Breakfast Burrito, as I did and you'll not need another meal for at least 4-5 hrs.  www.Twitter.com/thegoodegg
4	I'm not really the biggest breakfast eater, but I loved this place. I came here with a couple friends visiting from California and was really impressed with the selection and quality of the food. The staff was really friendly and attentive. I had a potato/chorizo skillet which was pretty good. There wasn't a whole lot of chorizo, but it was seasoned very well. My friend got whole wheat banana pancakes and she said they were tasty and my other friend got this interesting omelette/crepe thingie and it looked pretty good. They also have this "Side Order Special" where you can add any side for $1 if your entree is over $4.95, so I got an order of silver dollar pancakes for just a buck. Good deal!I know some people might consider this tacky, but I LOVE THE FACT that they leave a pitcher of water on the table. With hot Phoenix weather, I would hate to have to ask the server to refill my water every 5 minutes when I can just do it myself. Very convenient. Pretty good breakfast spot. Good location. Plenty of parking. Inside & patio seating. A little pricey ($35 for three people, but we got a lot of food) but still worth it.
4	fun place for breakfast and breakfast in the afternoon. they provide delicious hot sauces to go along with the meal.great options if you are a good Phoenician and like mexican fusion egg breakfast dishes.great coffee and good mints on the way out the door.
5	Get crackin' and get on over to The Good Egg for breakfast, it's egg-cellent!Sorry, i'll stop with the lame puns...but seriously, The Good Egg has figured out what people want in a breakfast joint and does it up well.They put both a pitcher of water and a carafe of coffee on your table - Hello, weekend breakfast hangover essential. Nailed it. The place has a huge variety of eggs, both filled with greasy cheese and meat AND super healthy options. The menu has a good marriage of spicy + egg as well, which I consider essential, as I'm not even sure if I like eggs, or just eat them every day as a vehicle for more hot sauce. The boy had pancakes, which you can fill with a multitude of goodies, he went with banana-strawberry-peanut chip filled pancakes. I drooled and cursed my inability to eat wheat. Note: these panckaes are huge, the size of the plate so you probably only need one or two.The place isn't fancy, but you'll probably always get a table (they also have a huge patio) and they've got a sweet $1 menu, so if you order something and need a little extra on the side, they've got you covered. Breakfast brilliance.
2	Pretty fun breakfast with my fav's. Alas I could only give it 2 stars because it didn't knock my socks off. Our server seemed nice enough, but definatly not going for any server of the month awards. If it's your cheat day, def try the cinnamon roll. You WILL LOVE IT..You're waistline, not so much (but that's why we have cheat days :DOverall it was good, nothing special, kind of your standard breakfast joint.Will I be back? Sure, if I there isn't a new and fun place to discover :)
3	Average food, but nice service.  For breakfast, well worth the very reasonable price.  The decor was 70's hotel, ugh.
4	This place is on our girl's brunch list. We have been coming to this location on and off for years... Get there early, sometimes the wait can be a little long. The service overall has been good. Country Combo Omelets - Ham, sausage, and bacon with jack and sharp cheddar.... YUM! Pancakes and French Toast are so fluffy and GOOD. They also have a large selection for healthier choices too.
1	The food is good, but I got screwed there. I ordered the French toast and our waitress said, "would you like bacon or sausage?" So I said, "oh, wow. Well, sausage I guess." The check comes and I've been charged FOUR DOLLARS for the sausage I didn't even want. Beware!
3	It had been quite some time since I'd been to the Good Egg, as my favorite Midtown breakfast spot was always First Watch. Well, I went on probably a 2 year breakfast hiatus and had only been to a couple of places (I'm a night owl.) After my last visit to First Watch indicated it had completely gone down hill, it was time to try a new place. The Good Egg it is. In contrast to First Watch, The Good Egg is spectacular. I ordered a basic breakfast consisting of two eggs over hard, pancakes, and bacon. The eggs were well prepared and I really enjoyed them, the bacon was worlds ahead of most breakfast places with only Matt's and Over Easy really standing out as better, but the pancakes were not really fluffy and light. Overall, I'd say the food quality was above average. Our waitress was very kind and extremely prompt, and performed her job exactly as she should have. I really appreciate getting great service or anymore even decent service makes me happy.What went awry for me was the pricing. They are just a few pennies less than Matt's, and at $7.50 for my aforementioned breakfast, I guarantee it wasn't the same quality as Matt's. I wasn't eating organic cage-free eggs, nor was I consuming Neuske's bacon. I'm sure their rent at Park Central mall is outrageous, but I did find the pricing to be a bit on the high side, and my coffee, though unlimited, was kind of high at $2.25 when most breakfast places are under $2. Overall a good experience, but my $12 bill including tax and tip was kind of a lot for breakfast.
3	The hubs and I went here on Sunday. The wait looked like it was going to be an hour with all the people standing outside, but it was only 10 minutes! Score! We were seated and our server was with us quickly. I went to breakfast wanting a waffle. This is a BREAKFAST place that DOES NOT serve waffles......W.T.F. Seriously people. Almost ruined my breakfast. So I directed my attention to the pancakes. I got 2 cakes with coconut and glazed pecans mixed in the batter, wayyy tasty. I also got a side of eggs with cheese and turkey sausage. I was so not a fan of the sausage, it had a consistency that creeped me out and there were mysterious hard grizzly bits in it. totally turned me off of turkey breakfast meat products. All in all its a decent spot, the prices are fair and you get a lot of food.
3	I went with some coworkers on Saturday after work Nice clean atmosphere and the wait staff was very friendlyThe food was served to us pretty quick especially for our group of 12.  My one peeve was it was not hot mainly warm to cold.  Don't know what happened there.  But overall it was pleasant
2	.....Sorry but, I still feel that IHOP, just down the street on Central is waaaaaay better than The Good Egg by FAR!  You get more food for the same price... The portions at Good Egg are not that big.... I have left there still hungrry in the past. ...Try IHOP, guys!  You'll leave more stisfied!  ;P
3	Mediocre food with mediocre service for a big price. Not worth it.
2	...I was reading some of the reviews people left here for the Good Egg & I am not getting it!  ..um, people....The Good Egg is really not that great! It over-priced & you really don't get a whole lot of food!  It always seems cold or lukewarm, too.  Please try IHOP just down the damn street on Central. Believe me, it is way better than Good Egg. IHOP just seems more fulfilling & heartier...  The Chicken Fajitia Omellette with the Harvest Nut & Grain Pancakes is delicious & satisfying.  A 2nd runner-up would be breakfast at FEZ across the street & up a bit up on Central!....Yes, I said breakfast (or Brunch)....Very nice & unique breakfast selections on their menu!  :)
2	Went here for lunch on a not-super-busy Thursday. After an exchange with the very confused waitress about nutmeg (my friend has allergies), I ordered an egg salad sandwich. When I got it, there was literally only a tablespoon of egg salad on the bread. It was mostly a lettuce sandwich. I would've said something to the waitress, but she had given us our check with our food and never came back to see how we were doing. Poor service, poor food.
3	The Gay Egg. I roll to this location with two very gay, very morning couples at least once a month and enjoy myself every time. It has more to do with them than some dish of eggs and potatoes.There is almost always a pretty serious weekend wait but at least they're efficient.The portions and prices have gotten kinda yuck here but until the fagnet deep within its core (that certain something which attracts the gay like a magnet) magically relocates to another breakfast place, here we are.When I was 16, two years after my parents divorced, my dad told us all that he was gay. I am proud to say that one of the couples I go to breakfast with is my dad and stepdad.
4	This place is decent! 2 eggs, potatoes, wheat toast $4.95 add a side of $1 "petite pancakes" (Whole wheat or buttermilk and u can add many different items to your pancakes, fruits, nuts, candy etc) Its a good cheap breakfast. He had the granola, yogurt & fruit parfait to start which came out super cute with cinnamon sprinkled on top and in between layers.. $4.95 & super good. He added turkey sausage to the 2 egg breakfast & it was yum o! Decent coffee, many healthy options to choose from, good service, good location with easy parking. Beats Denny's, & IHOP. Its not fancy, trendy, or cool & they don't serve booze. Its just decent food at a great price. Give this spot a try!
3	i've been here quite a few times but it seems like their food is going downhill. i had the biscuits and gravy meal and over half the country potatoes were nearly raw. with so many other good breakfast restaraunts i doubt i'll be coming back here.
1	The car club I belong to frequents this establishment every Sunday morning for years.  There are about 25 or so of us at one time.  Over the last 4 years I have been attending, the service has suffered  almost as bad as the food.  Prices have gone up and food quantity and quality have suffered greatly!  When the food is gets to the table, it is usually cold.  They can't served all of us at once, in stead they bring out what they can and maybe the rest will be out after about have the group has eaten, and waiting outside the the rest to finish.  When approaching staff and management about it, they really didn't care.  It must be nice to have so much business that you don't have to care about regular customers.  I am not speaking for the whole club, just for myself and my better half.  We will not be returning to The Good Egg any time soon!  Not recommended at all!
2	OMG! So today I happened to walk by The Good Egg on Central & I looked up at their sign & there is TONS of Pigeon Crap ALL OVER their sign!  Disgusting! Makes you wonder what their kitchen looks like!  Ewww! I called them & left a voice mail on their phone to inform them, and that they really need to clean up their sign!  Grossss!
2	I have been back here twice since my last visit and this place has really declined in food quality and service. The delicious cinnamon roll that I had on  my first visit has since become cold and dry. The eggs benedict was covered in a flavorless and odd colored hollandaise sauce. Bacon was limp and lifeless and so were the employees.I have to say that I have no plans on returning here until they get their act together.
2	Interesting... Within days after I mention on Yelp about all of the Pigeon Crap on their sign, they finally decided to clean it all up!  I guess their reading the reviews on here....
1	Slow service by an incompetent MANAGER , who has NO customer service skills What so ever ! They should rethink WHO they want representing the BAD EGG      The Manager , along with staff should take a look at the service standards and retrain themselves .
1	To put it simply ... This place sucks! I have been asked to eat there three times for breakfast in the last three months for business meetings. You always let the customer choose where to eat, unfortunately they have all asked to meet at the Good Egg on Central. How do you screw up Breakfast? Well,have cold Eggs, cold Potato's, and cold toast! Three out of three times! Horrible Coffee and VERY EXPENSIVE! OMG kill me now if I have to eat there again! The only thing I can say that is positive, the servers seem to be attentive. Go up the road and have Breakfast at 5 and Dinner on 16th St. Not great, but at least you'll get a hot Breakfast and get your money's worth!
5	Hubby and I stayed at a nearby hotel and stumbled upon this breakfast/lunch spot. The service was fabulous! I asked a few questions about the menu and our server suggested an item that's no longer on the menu. It was great! Potatoes with melted  cheese, topped with corned beef hash and eggs. Hubby got a some sort of benedict: biscuits topped with bacon, sausage, and ham, covered in sausage gravy. Our iced teas were never empty which is a huge plus!
3	The "Gaygg" is our go-to spot for weekend bruch. The food is not terrific or fancy, but it's decent and predictable.  The wait on Sundays is typically about 15-20 minutes, but the staff is effecient and gets you in as quickly as possible.  We ate there this morning, and our meal took a while to get to the table, but someone from the restaurant came over and apologized for the long wait.  When I finally got my eggs, they were a bit cold, so I don't know what happened in the kitchen, because they are usually fairly speedy.  The breakfast specials are usually pretty tasty, and I always get a side order of $1 pancakes 'cause you never know when you are going to want a little bread soaked in syrup to top off a meal!  One hint--they will give you a large to-go glass of tea or soda if you ask nicely.
4	Eggstra! Eggstra! Eat all about it!That eggcerpt is just one eggsample of the delightful egg puns you'll find scrambled throughout the menu. Four of us awoke ready to go on a brekky eggscursion, and knew eggsactly what we needed... The Good Egg. I'm not eggsagerating, it was speggtacular. We were eggshausted still, and eggscited about the coffee. The eggs benedict arrived eggspeditiously, and I nearly eggsploded in my pants. They perfectly eggsecuted the yoke. Breathtaking, I couldn't eggshale until the yoke finished eggscreting over the english muffin. It wasn't even as eggspensive as you'd eggspect, I'll definitely be back eggain. This is one spot I won't send to eggsile. The only eggsception, and the only reason we weren't in complete eggstacy, was that our eggsecutive decision to sit outside was accompanied by an eggsentric pigeon, who clearly had pigeon AIDS. The bird was eggravating. I'd give 5 stars if it weren't for that eggstenuating circumstance. Pigeons should be eggstinct in my opinion. I hope I didn't eggstract anythin from it. It eggsuded eggstreme eggspressions of anger, but I still eggspress high reggard for this eggstablishment. I hope I didn't eggsploit the egg puns here. Thanks eggeryone!
3	Have been here twice this year.  Was here several years before and it was ok.  Now it's better.  Seems to be a popular place for breakfast.  Food choices were limited but very good.  My wife and I enjoyed our meal.  Would go back again but there are other breakfast places like Ronnies on Cactus that are as good and more homey.  The G. E. is a commercial atmosphere to my way of thinking...a place to go in, eat, and get out.  Don't get me wrong, I'd go b ack again if I were in the neighborhood.  Waitress wasn't very good but I think she was new.  Food came fast and the coffee flowed.  More can no man ask for service.
3	I don't go here often, but the few times I've gone are pretty good. Nothing out of the ordinary, but good breakfast/brunch food. Huge menu, decent prices.
2	Food was good after we got up and asked the waitress to take our order. Then she replied"I will go find your server" then I should have taken that as a clue to leave thenn. The servers were to much into their own thing and the customers were just slowing them down. The Manager was good though. He must have been used to this problem. He gave us our meals for free. The sad part is that the server could care less. GET THE PICTURE??? If you do eat there and have bad service just complain to the manager and tell them you want your food for free. Seems to work so why not!
1	Today we decided to go to the Good Egg for brunch. Haven't been in years and today it reminded me as to why. vI want to make sure that this isn't a reflection on our waitress. She was very pleasant and tried to make it better, but couldn't because of the kitchen and the guy manager.Today we ordered omelets which come with potatoes and a muffin. First the omelet. Supposedly made with fresh eggs. LIE! They clearly use liquid eggs (most likely  with citric acid added to maintain freshness It affected the texture and loft of the eggs when they cook). They omelet was paper thin, rubbery, and the texture was off. For $9 bucks, one expects real eggs. Not that rubbery mess they call an omelet.Then we come to the potatoes. Served cold and a few were even frozen. Yes FROZEN. My friend's potatoes were cold and some were frozen, too. So we nicely mentioned to the waitress who informed us that had happened a few times today. She promptly returned (about 30 seconds) with supposedly fresh cooked potatoes. LIE! No way can you cook country style potatoes that fast. It's physically impossible. Same freakin thing... Some where cold and a few were still frozen while others were pipping hot. Which tells me they mix frozen in with hot to bring them up to temp to serve them. Have they not read the current food code? Temp Control!. Our waitress nicely apologized and said hat she said something to the manager on duty.  But at no time did a manager come over and say anything to us. We were then told how they have two pans of potatoes. One defrosting and the other on the cook top heating. We were actually told that sometimes when the cooks are in a hurry the scoop up the wrong ones... Really? Well I think that's another issue with how they defrost frozen foods. We then head to the register to to pay the bill (28 bucks).2.50 for a diet coke (really?)2.95 for supposedly fresh squeezed orange juice (that's lie)2.25 for a cup of coffee (really? this isn't starbucks)8.50 for my omelet9.00 for my friend's omeletThe guy took the ticket and said 27.49 (which was the full price for our brunch).I mentioned to him that I would like some type of discount on the bill because we couldn't eat 1/2 of our meal because the potatoes were cold and even frozen twice. The guy cashier said just a minute and got some other guy that was supposedly the manager (I didn't get his name).He wanted t know what was wrong and then from zero to bitchy queen in about 2 seconds when I asked for some type of discount on our meal. He actually told me that it was inappropriate of me to ask for discount. I was like wait... you served us bad food twice! not once but twice. The waitress even said it's happened more than once today. I then told him that he shouldn't be serving food that's not properly cooked to begin with. He got all bitchy and tried to tell me that I didn't know what I was talking about. I was thinking buddy, you don't have a clue as to who you're talking to.I was simply appalled by his behavior. Even minus the bitch queen tone with me, it was still not appropriate the way he was talking to me and trying to defend the knowingly bad food they were serving. I didn't say a word about the crappy eggs. I only said something about the cold/frozen potatoes. So Good Egg equals Bad Egg. Over priced, crappy quality and totally inappropriate the way the manager handled it.This experience reminded me why I haven't been to Good Egg in years. We won't go back. So much for supporting a local business. Next time we're going to Denny's or IHOP. At least the food will be hot and cooked to order (not just hanging out in pans defrosting).
1	My husband and I had heard great things about this place, so we ventured over there this morning. It was a rainy Sunday morning, and the place was packed (which was definitely a good sign).  We inquired about the wait and were told it would be 10-15 minutes.  Thirty minutes later, I was turning into a slightly friendlier version of the Incredible Hulk, and we were finally seated.  Upon being seated, the waiter took our drink orders and walked away with my menu (I know that was not on purpose, but it definitely didn't help the wait). We ordered coffee, which tasted like dirty brown water. When we asked about the other types of coffee (it says they have a gourmet flavor of the day), I was given an option that didn't sound great so I ordered an orange juice (definitely not fresh squeezed, mine was still fizzing from being poured out of the machine). I ordered a bacado omelet and the cinnamon bun that I heard they are famous for. My husband ordered a bacon eye opener combo with pancakes.  I had been told that the cinnamon bun would be there first, so I was pleasantly surprised when our food arrived within five minutes of being ordered.   My pleasant surprise quickly turned to disgust when I noticed that the plate I had been served on was crusted with old food (egg yolks, avocado or spinach, and an assortment of other things).  I let my waiter know and he took it away to get fixed.  I assumed that even at the worst they would put the food on a different plate, even if they didn't refire the whole order. Nope. They brought me the same plate, which they had just wiped off (I could tell by the oily feel of the edge and the chip on the corner). To make matters worse, my food had gotten cold by that point and they hadn't bothered to reheat it.  The cheese on the omelet had completely congealed, and try as I might I could not locate the brie that was supposed to be in there. Needless to say I was completely turned off by the meal. Meanwhile, my husband had received his meal and had not gotten any syrup. We waited around a while before someone finally brought it.  Quite a while later, the server asked if I still wanted the cinnamon bun because he had forgotten about it. When I said yes, he informed me that he would have to reheat it, because it had been sitting there for a while.  When I got it, it definitely tasted like it had been reheated and had been sitting around drying out for a long time.  The only positive thing I can say about this place is that they serve good bacon, because my husband was kind enough to share a bite of his meal with me.  We heard similar grumbles all around us while we ate. A man at the table behind us asked my husband for his syrup, because he had asked the server for it three times. Another guy sent his glasses back because they were dirty.  I watched a busboy drop eggs all over the floor while wiping down a table and not bothering to pick it up.  Next time we have a craving for brunch, we'll visit the local breeze, (or heck even IHOP is usually better than that).
3	The Hot Juan skillet was a bit underwhelming, I expected more Chorizo, and heat (spicy).  Buttermilk pancakes that my daughter had were fantastic.  We shared the cinnamon roll which was very good.
3	The just fine egg would probably be a better name. Good potatoes, bad hollandaise. Good coffee. OK service.
3	If it wasn't an awful marketing idea, I would suggest changing the name of this restaurant to The Mediocre Egg or The Bland Egg.On a cool Arizona day, they have a great area to enjoy breakfast outdoors.  I really enjoyed the atmosphere and found the service to be friendly.  Our server disappeared for lengthy stretches but made up for it by giving us two huge to-go sodas without even having for ask for it.  The food was average at best.  Ironically, the eggs were both my wife and I least favorite portion of the dish. Very bland. If you are in the area, not a bad choice but far from a wow.  (if you are staying next door at the Hilton Suites, this is a way better choice then their buffet)
5	Really Groovy Place! Whenever I have out of town guests, i always take them here and they always LOVE IT!!! This is a fun place and the staff are always nice. but... Please do something about the crazy birds trying to eat of my plate!!!
3	After visiting the ASRS to fill out forms, my wife and I decided to have a late breakfast. The server was courteous and attentive. There was a spray bottle sitting on our table which looked like the busboy forgot to take it. NOPE. All the tables had a spray bottle to keep the flies away from your food. Don't miss or you'll spray your companion.I ordered the Country Combo which wasn't Egg-ceptional, but it hit the spot.If I'm ever downtown again, I'll just eat inside.
1	The terrible egg.....Our food came out cold, dry , and, BURNT!The waitress acted offended that we asked for  a new plate... I told them I will eat it regardless because, I was dead hungry (AND pregnant I'll eat anything)Manager was kinda a you know what when we nicely explained to her the problems... She did bring us more potatoes though even know we said no..... Surprisingly they came hot and not burnt... Not hard to do things right the first time....;She said she'd take care of the bill for us.. Cool.... She came and handed the reciept to me.... 13.00.... For two people knocked off a whooping 7.00 (When both of our plates were 10+) and I dont mind paying it but, i didn't eat it! come on now lady!
2	In search of a good breakfast place I came upon The Good Egg. I was definitely disappointed. I should have read more of the yelp reviews so to have avoided this place. I agree with Scott S that this place should be called "The Bland Egg."I ordered the "Hearty One" crepe egg which included bacon, ham, sausage, mushroom & grilled onion that came with an English muffin. A crepe egg is whipped egg whites with a crepe. Despite all the ingredients in the crepe it lacked flavor, it was literally bland, no seasoning at all. No amount or variety of hot sauce that was available on the table could salvage it. In addition, the crepe was this boring beige color which was fitting because the dish was boring as beige.My friend ordered the "BLT Supreme" which normally comes on a 12 grain whole wheat toast with 6 slices of sugar cured bacon, lettuce, tomato, sliced avocado & mayo. However, she requested it to be on white toast instead. It came out with a side of seasoned potatoes. The bread came out burnt and too dry. The mayo was barely visible...it was pretty much inedible sandwich. Instead of returning the plate back to the kitchen, my friend just ate the BLT without the bread.My other friend ordered the "Eye Opener Combo" which came with pancakes, 2 eggs and a few slices of bacon. It wasn't anything spectacular as that can be ordered just about anywhere.To sum it all up, healthy food doesn't mean it should lack flavor, but that is exactly how this place was. None of the dishes stood out and in fact it was all around bland and blah. Do yourself a favor and go elsewhere.
1	They did not do well. They totally screwed my order up and then just seemed indifferent to it. I should have known better.
3	Our first time eating here and it was definitely a decent place for breakfast. Although the eggs were a little bland like some of the other reviewers say it was still good enough to finish! I would have expected more from the egg stand point, but everything else we had was good. Decor is awful but to each their own!
5	I was introduced to The Good Egg several years ago, when I visited a friend who lives in Scottsdale.  When I visited my friend again, I insisted that we have breakfast here.  I like the welcoming, homey atmosphere. The servers are delightful and the food prices are reasonable, for the amount of food that you get.This time around, I tried the "Veggie-X" skillet breakfast, which had spinach, mushrooms, onion, broccoli and zucchini. (Check out the picture that I posted.) It was very satisfying.For dessert, I had the Caramel-Nut Roll. A cinnamon roll topped with candied pecans, drizzles with creamy caramel. What a way to end a meal.I would come back to The Good Egg, next time I'm in Scottsdale.
1	Just awful.  How do you screw up  breakfast?  Rubbery bacon, undercooked/raw french toast. Folgers quality level coffee. Will not be back.
4	I enjoy going occasionally to the Good Egg and this location on Central is my favorite. Yesterday I went here for the first time since my return to Phoenix, and I was not disappointed. I used to order their veggie omelet, but I have become a fan of their veggie "X" skillet, ordering it with green chiles. It's a nice breakfast combination that goes very well with hot sauce (a must!) Also, I was pleasantly surprised yesterday to learn that they now serve a dark roast coffee, in addition to their classic brew, and it is excellent. This is your classic breakfast place, and it serves that purpose very well. The wait staff is always friendly and attentive, although I am not the biggest fan of the restaurant's country decor.
3	What a shame used to be great. The bacon and onion skillet breakfast was a standard for decades. Crispy bacon fried onions and potatoes. It was my dish of choice since 1983. Now they changed it and messed it all up. The french toast and potatoes etc are not worth the trouble. But they tell you how healthy their food is!!!
3	Just ate brunch here about an hour ago. The food was great. Since the weather was beautiful we decided to eat outside. Probably not the best idea, as we come to experience a couple birds pecking off used plates and  flies buzzing around us constantly (none landed in our food thankfully). The service was great. Very friendly and polite. I will be coming back seeing as eggs are one of my favorite things to eat. :)
4	Food was good and hot, waitstaff nice. Will be back!
5	Service was great and so were the eggs! I ordered them Rocky Mountain High ( ham, cheese, onions and peppers)  and the dollar homemade pancake which was absolutely wonderful! The apple juice did not come from Mott's. It was soooo good.  If you're in Phoenix and close to Camelback Rd. you have to eat here for breakfast.
2	I dunno...  The service was great, and everyone else at my table was very content with their meal.  I wasn't.  I was told by two of the other people in my party that I "just ordered the wrong thing"...  I ordered the sausage link side and the omelet with the avocado and cheese and another side of potatoes.  The omelet was flat and bland.  The salsa that came with couldn't be helped even with the Louisiana hot sauces that were sitting on the table, and the best part of the meal was quite frankly the iced tea...  I tried logging on to the wifi with my iPod touch and was rejected even after getting the password too...  I probably won't go here again.
1	03/10/13  Breakfast at 11.00am.  Party of 9.   I recieved my Eggs Benedict , and there was a piece of blue plastic in then.  I discarded it on the side and continued to eat only to find another piece in the sause and a broken tooth pick.  I informed the waiter and after 10 minutes he broght back ONE EGG ...not a complete plate.  RUDE and unprofessional.  I was very upset especially knowing my gratuity was going to be automatically added at 18%   Talk about a RIP OFF.   Then another guy in our party had a green fragment of something in his coffee.   I found the place to be dirty, cold food, poor service and over priced.  The front hostess was quite unpleasent as well.   There is something to be said for a , "Godd Morning!"   "How was your experience?"   NOT AT ALL THE WAY SHE CONDUCTED HERSELF AT ALL.Very sad thinking your going to enjoy a nice breakfast and enjoy friends only to be treated poorly from an establishment .  BTW, Eggs Benedict and Coffee with Tip was $18.00 wasted dollars.I'll stick to the establishment not to far away ...with excellent service great decor , freindly attentive staff, clean and excellent value with great drinks.  SWITCH
3	This is a decent  breakfast /brunch /lunch spot with tons of choices on the menu. I normally get a breakfast burro thing which is really filling, and comes with salsa. They have 3 different flavors of hot sauce, which I always enjoy. The patio is nice when the weather is good, however the chairs are somewhat uncomfortable.
5	I love the good egg. The hot Juan is a great spicy breakfast that I usually get, but I haven't been there in a while so I tried something different. Today I got the breakfast tacos. They were awesome as expected. We were sat very fast. The server was fast and friendly. The lady manager came over to our table to check on us too and she was great! Great personality and a really nice person. Definitely recommend the good egg and for sure this location!
4	Of the two Good Egg locations uptown (this one and the one on Camelback/Central Ave), I prefer this one.The service is faster, outdoor seating is offered, and food is served at a faster pace.I particularly enjoy The Good Egg because they are a local restaurant and they put the calorie contents on the menu (like all restaurants should.) Also, it is one of the only restaurants I have found that offers Oreo cookies as a mix in for pancakes, which is extremely delicious. They also offer a Sunrise Benedict, which is eggs benedict with turkey and tomatoes and avocados, if I remember correctly. And that is also extremely delicious.It certainly isn't a Matt's Big Breakfast, where everything is small-scale and artisan and hip, but The Good Egg is a great place to take a group of friends for brunch after an early morning hike or a late night downtown.
5	I've only eaten here once, but so far it was fantastic.  The food was fresh, hot, and tasted amazing.  I went one morning with my family as we were trying something new.  The portions were big enough to get full off of which for me is important because i'm a tubbo!  This is a place I will continue to go back to and am looking forward to my next experience at.
5	It's 6 A.M. on Saturday, work starts at 7.  The Most Great Favorites don't open until 7.  What will we do?  Try the Good Egg. Open at 6:30 AM.  You won't get seated, drinked, ordered, served, done and paid in 30 minutes.  But you will be well-served a satisfying, nutritious meal in a pleasant spot.Here's today's example of eating for my bod at The Good Egg.  Several weeks ago calf and thigh cramps began knotting up my beauty rest.  And I'll tell you, I need beauty rest.  We all know low potassium is why most people get leg cramps.  We mostly hear, "Eat Bananas."  "Chiquita Banana says Eat Bananas."I got on Ye Web to find what I needed to get more potassium from food.  Tomatoes, skin-on potatoes, nuts, bananas, strawberries.  And of course, beans of all types, leafy greens, various squash and many others.We order oatmeal.  We didn't ask; it came with a generous portion of banana, strawberry, blueberry, toasted almonds and pecans.  Plus milk and brown sugar.  Not to mention fiber for avoiding diverticulitis, and whatever magic things oats are supposed to do to cholesterol.  Potassium! Yes!  Delicious!We split the veggie skillet.  I got salsa on the side.  What did we get?  Way too much for us to finish after eating our oatmeal, but we also got skin on potassium-rich potatoes, onion, a bit of chile, broccoli, and I got a load of potassium and vitamin C from my salsa.  Nutrients!  Yes! Delicious!Yes Virginia, your food can be your medicine.  Especially if the chefs really think about what they're serving you.  The Good Egg has thoughtful meals, a diverse menu and pleasant surroundings.  a great place to sit in the corner, read the paper and watch the world go by.  Unless you've got to be to work at 7 AM.
4	My husband and I stopped in for breakfast one morning. The staff is friendly and the restaurant is bright, clean, and warm.The egg white and 7 veggie omelet is light, fluffy, with a great variety of vegetables. The Rocky Mountain High omelet is really delicious. The home fries are simple and yummy. I do suggest ordering a side of pancakes - they've got a great nutty flavor.This place is a really nice breakfast spot. I will definitely be back to try their other menu items.
4	It was a quiet Friday morning and I chose this place because it was close to the office I was visiting.  Great looking little place in a mini-mall.  There were so many options on the menu that I didn't know what to choose.  Since I had never been to a Good Egg, I went the safe way and picked a veggie omelet.  Quite tasty.  What made this place more than the food was the very hospitable employees.  Very nice and my waitress JoJo seemed to be a very sweet person. If in this area again, I will certainly return to the Good Egg.
2	This place is right next to where I work. Its alright, the staff is nice but hovers, I thought it was really outdated and lacked a clean feeling to it. A while ago they werent and did a serious deep cleaning, I saw it, taking everything out, redoing a bunch. I don't know that it changes anything for anyone else, but for me it made me feel  better about going back.The sandwiches at lunch are really good, soups are pretty good too.My french toast has been underdone twice, (like cold in the middle underdone) So I stay away from that. If I am really particular and tell them its because of food allergies (cause I have so many) they are very thoughtful and things seem to come out ok. I still eat here occasionally, I would eat here more often though if my food was consistant.
2	Average breakfast. The name said it all every plate contains egg in some form. I'm not a big fan of eggs, I know crazy, why did I come to this place. Well It was a group decision, apparently I didn't win.
1	Dirty dishes and cold food......awful I would neve visit again...the whole staff need to be Re-trained. ..
2	More like bad egg. Feels like, looks like, and tastes like a cafeteria. Reasonable portion sizes. Oatmeal was dry; I had to add a lot of the milk. Biscuits were large but horribly dry. Gravy barely had any sausage in it.  A server dropped plates while bussing a table and someone dropped glass again right next to me, drawing blood with a minor cut. No big deal, mistakes happen. But an apology from management would've been nice. Won't be back.
4	Great neighborhood place with a wide variety of delicious food. Service was a tad slow as the staff seem stretched too thin but not bad enough to deter me from recommending it or returning. I had the Macho Nacho, you can order a half order which is a more appropriate size portion, which was delicious.  They are happy to give you complimentary plastic cups of drink to go, even just water. That was a nice touch.Outdoor and indoor seating.  Free beverages while you wait and tables seen to turn quickly. A great place to catchup with friends, relax, and eat a great variety if breakfast food.
3	In Phoenix for a couple of nights. Convenient location because I could walk to this place from my hotel.  Ordered the French toast, which was delicious the toast tasted homemade and very fresh. Ordered a side of turkey sausage and it tasted awful.  Do not recommend the turkey sausage at all!  Service was very accommodating and friendly.  Offered me up a coffee to go, which made the walk back more enjoyable!  Restaurant was clean and family oriented. I'm giving this review leas stars because of the turkey sausage and because I've been to better breakfast places.  The good egg is exactly that, good, not fantastic or exceptional, just a good breakfast.
5	Gave this restaurant a second shot while I was in Phoenix and not one issue! Let me explain why this restaurant will always have success...because their management goes "old school" and believes in customer service! A hard find these days. I created my own omlette, while my husband had the vegetarian omlette.  Great omlettes because they were not greasy or buttery.  Both omlettes were accompanied with hash browns which were also delicious and I'm not even a big hash brown fan.  Probably the best hash browns I've ever had because they were not smothered in oil or butter, but great enough to eat "as is" and did not need additional seasoning.  In addition, my husband ordered the pumpkin pecan pancakes, with a pumpkin spice coffee.  Both of which were fantastic because the taste was not over powering with pumpkin flavor, but the right amount of pumpkin to satisfy your palate.  The pancakes were unique and we would definitely order it again!  Service, both times I went, was naturally friendly, more like a homey restaurant to eat at, opposed to a restaurant chain out to get your money. This restaurant truly wants to please and ensure their guests have a satisfying experience.  In today's world it is refreshing to have a business, and employees, naturally care about their customers!  When we come back to Phoenix, we will be returning and I look forward to the friendly service and home cooking!  Until then, thank you Good Egg for the quality service and meal, you are more than "good" in my book!
5	Pesto & parmesan eggs benedict made my stomach very happy. Stephen had the wildcat omelet and the baja chicken enchilada soup...food baby for sure.
1	Bland, cold, slow, and BLAND! I have been to the good egg three times. I gave them every chance possible to prove that each bad experience was a fluke and they weren't able to do so. Quick breakdown: first visit food was unbearably cold... Biscuits and gravy was ice cold and really just was mush by the time it was served, Eggs were cold, and forgot mine and my girlfriends substitutions. The waitress was a complete wench about it too. Second time, the food was actually warm! Yay! But wait... Whats that? A hair?! Yep... Big long black hairs in two of the three plates we got !! Git new plates however the food was just bland as bland gets. Frozen food bland to be honest. Third time again... COLD FOOD!! Anyways to sum it up. CRAZY BLAND, COLD FOOD, COLD WAITING STAFF, AND BLAND AGAIN.  Explains why they have so much hot sauce and ketchup on the table.
4	I like this location. I had the four peaks french toast and it was great. Quick service and good food.
4	I love this place.  Now it is this location that I enjoy, not the other ones.  This Good Egg has very nice servers and the Host/Hostess are very nice too.  It is very clean and the breakfast tacos are great.  My girlfriend had pancakes with peanut butter, chocolate chips and honey butter.  After my initial shock at her order(I have never seen her order pancakes) I was impressed with them.  They were delicious.  They even offer large plastic cups for your drinks to take with you.  I know, I know.  Big deal.  But it really is a bid deal.  Very thoughtful.  They will remain on the top of my list for breakfast ;)
4	After eating, I read that this place apparently got a D from the health department. Thing that could have been brought to my attention YESTERDAY! I am from CA where the grades have to be displayed in the window. But not in AZ apparently. But based on my experience, I didn't see any "D" stuff.I got a french toast combo with a couple slices along with scrambled eggs and sausage. I feel like it's hard to judge a breakfast. The bread is either good or too soggy/crispy, the eggs are either fluffy and good or too runny, and the sausage is either tasty or too chewy. In this case, I didn't have any problems with the food. (My friend couldn't stop raving about her omelette) We came on a Saturday for brunch so it was pretty busy. The wait time they quoted us was pretty accurate. I believe it was 20-30 minutes. There were a lot of open tables but I think they just didn't have quite enough waitstaff to handle the crowds and they didn't want to overseat them. The place is pretty big, more of a large diner than a mom and pop coffee shop. We felt like the food took a while to come out to us, but again, it was pretty busy. The waitress didn't come around all that much but we didn't really need much so it was fine. If I was back in Phoenix at some point and my friend wanted brunch again, I wouldn't mind trying it again. (Assuming I verify it doesn't actually have a D anymore)
4	Very nice service with great food!A nice large glass of fresh squeezed OJ with some nice locally sourced foods.  I loved the baked potato skillet, it has everything a normal baked potato does and even does the potatoes like a baked one instead of the traditional crispy hash browns.  It was weird at first but i loved the texture it added to everything else and the flavors were well layered so that the sour cream did not overwhelm everything.
4	I crave eggs at lunchtime. Constantly. Luckily the Good Egg is a 5 minute walk from my office.I usually order the Castroville omelet. Filled with good stuff like artichokes, spinach, and cheese. I like the potatoes it comes with, usually they are hot and perfectly crispy. However last time I was there the potatoes came out lukewarm and slightly undercooked. No bueno. Service is quick and friendly. I can get in and out of there under 30 minutes. My iced tea is always promptly refilled. (Their iced tea is awesome by the way- order the tea of the day.)Is the Good Egg the best breakfast I have had in Phoenix? Of course not. It's not fancy or gourmet by any means, but it is satisfying and relieable.
4	Consistently good food and service...try the southwest selections or one of the Benedict's
3	So I am struggling to keep my favorite 'Good Egg' Restaurant in the top 10 lately.  We keep going, but the last 2 time we have been there have not been great.  My breakfast tacos were very watery.  As in dripping wet and ruining the tortillas that they were served in.  The side of black beans were more than half just bean liquid.  I prefer my bacon soft and it came out half burnt and the other half raw.  Like someone forgot about it on the grill.  My partners salad came out with brown and wilted lettuce.  Bummer.Now, my favorite person there is Michael.  He always has a smile on his face and is always sweet and in a great mood.  He really does make everything better there.I am not giving up on them yet.  I totally understand that being a favorite is hard to live up to all the time.  I will go again and give them another few tries.
2	This place was gross and sad. Me and my boyfriend went here for breakfast and were sat in the center of the room (all eyes on us).  Since we were on full display all the patrons saw that the waiter got not only my order wrong but my boyfriends as well. Since our orders came out at different times they were also sent back at different times forcing one person to eat without the other. The food was also not good, it was covered in processed cheese and served with cold potatoes and a soggy english muffin. The only good part about the meal was the coffee. They give you a full pot. I wish we would have gone to the Jamba Juice next door. This was restaurant was a bad egg.
1	I didn't like this place at all. I came with 3 friends and non of us like there omelets. There were very dry tasting...
4	The good egg is a great breakfast place.  I appreciate their extensive menu AND the calorie count listed next to every item (including add-ons). In this day and age I can get on board with a place that can give diners the truth about caloric intake of what they are choosing. That being said, what you eat is a choice, and there is a LOT to choose from here.  If you like traditional (and some not so traditional) breakfast food, that is cooked well, you will like The Good Egg.  Added bonus, you get an entire pot of coffee for your table when you initially order coffee, makes refills a breeze.
3	We were downtown to pick up flowers for a Sprinkle. Had not eaten breakfast yet. My wife suggested the Good Egg.Nice clean brightly lit, cheerful place. We were greater and shown to a table. Our waitress took our order. As usual I got bacon and eggs with rye toast and sliced tomatoes instead of the hash browns. The eggs came out perfect and my meal was very good. I would eat there again if I happened to be close. Usually when I am down town I never eat at the same place as I am always looking for that special place I would drive 20 miles just to eat breakfast. Have not found it yet but looking. I can says their bacon and eggs are good.
4	Busy brunch time! Nonetheless, breakfast on the patio was nice! I had some tasty bacon with egg whites, toast, and some fruit. Oh and I also tried some fluffy blueberry pancakes! Overall a delicious simple breakfast dish! The mixed fruit was not as fresh though.
5	OMG.... I love this place. My mom and I come here regularly. The feature pancakes are always a crowd pleaser! The staff and management are also so nice and pleasant. The food is great and the service is fast! Perfect location, food and staff.
5	I love this restaurant. The food is delicious... And you get so much bang for your buck. Can't have cheese? They'll offer to sub something for it. So gracious and attentive. The hot sauces at the table will knock your socks off, yummy!
2	Service was good but that's the only positive thing I have to say about this place. Eggs were flavorless. Biscuits and gravy were dry. Hashbrowns were lackluster and the crepe was more like a soggy omelet which was accompanied by the strangest looking and tasting hollandaise sauce I've ever had. Won't be returning.
5	I decided to take a breather from my food to write a quick review. Seriously, the best huevos rancheros I've had since before my grandpa passed away. If I'm ever missing my grandpa's breakfasts, I'll just run down to this place. Okay, I'm going to go finish the second half of this amazing dish.
3	A bit pricey for average breakfast plates. $5 for oj, $9 for an omelet. English muffin barely toasted. Glassware was a bit worn. Overall the meal was tasty, service was good and a pleasant patio environment.
1	I've been going to various Good Egg locations throughout the valley for years now.  You can almost always depend on this place for consistent service and quality but lately its all gone downhill.  Today was the final nail in the coffin for me and my family.  We visited the Park Central location and there were about ten people in the restaurant besides us.Our waiter - Alto greeted us quickly and got our drink order.  After taking our food order he vanished for over thirty minutes.  We watched people walk in after us, get their food before us and leave.  Finally after nearly forty five minutes we ask the waiter what's going on - he tells us it will be out soon.  I said seriously dude it's been forty five minutes - he turns and gives me a look and shrug of his shoulders.We see the manager walking by (older Caucasian lady) and tried to flag her down.  She stares straight at us before walking back to the kitchen.  After another five minutes and no explanation as to why our order of two basic skillets wasn't out yet, we left.  I have never in my entire life walked out of a restaurant until today - truly horrible service.  I would never go back to this location and I strongly suggest ownership take a look at what's going on here.Several of the servers were singing so loudly that it disrupted other customers conversations.  The managers seemed to go into the kitchen to make noise and laugh with the rest of the staff but did nothing to serve the customers.  The entire environment was unprofessional and not a place where I would ever spend my money.  I've been to this location several times but I will never go back here or to another Good Egg again.To management - stop changing your menu and start focusing on why your restaurants seem to have fewer people every time.  We can spend our money somewhere else where the service warrants it.  Unprofessional servers talking about their personal lives and singing so loudly that other patrons turn to look at them isn't the kind of environment where I'd like to eat breakfast.For the record - the manager never asked us what the problem was or why we were leaving.
4	Consistently good food and service
4	Passing through Phoenix and we stopped here for a bite to eat. Was trying to get to another joint, but kept missing it. We got here an hour before closing. Lots of people were dining. Friendly service and decent food. Nothing special and fancy. It was nice that we weren't rushed to get out or anything.
3	Amazing food!  Cashier very friendly. Server attentive. Hostess preoccupied and quick, but friendly.
1	Zero stars! Filthy dirty.  Took way too long to get the food.  The hostess was rude and the server was bothered. The lady cleaning the tables was so obnoxiously loud.  Hope someone else has a better experience!
3	Let me start by saying, The good egg has improved over the years. The good egg from my childhood consisted of bland, sad plates of breakfast food. The good egg I visited today touted locally sourced foods and some more imaginative options, so props for that. My mom and I shared a quesadilla, add guac, add jalapenos and it was good. Nothing mind blowing, but not bad. The salsa it was served with tasted more like canned tomatoes, but luckily the jalapenos were fresh, so I just used that. My brother let me try his Tucson salad, which was fairly good, and have a piece of his bacon, which was very well cooked and crispy. This wouldn't be my go to breakfast spot, but it was much improved over its past versions.... The Good Egg is moving in the right direction.
5	This is a wonderful place to eat out doors. Friendly staff. Very clean. Food is great! Angela is the best server there! I had lots of fun there. The location is great. I can't wait to go back. I love getting their side kick of the month.
4	Good food.....Our waiter, Thomas was very friendly and attentive Will come again
3	Was downtown and it was time for a late breakfast. I've been here before and what I like the most is the patio. Luckily when we got there it was not busy and we we're seated right away. The waitress was prompt and took our orders right away. I did notice that each table had a squirt bottle with a clear liquid. This is to spray the birds that may come In to the patio. I thought that was a good idea as I did see a few birds trying to fly in to the area.  I ordered the eggs Benedict and my husband got the traditional breakfast. The food was good. I would go here if you want breakfast in an outdoor seating. It's not the worst place by any means but it's definitely not something you must go out of your way and drive miles to try.
2	I'm not impressed. I came across this restaurant when looking for a location to hold a team breakfast for my department, and this was close to the office. Because we were celebrating I bought a party pack of Eggees to share with the team, and I requested that the restaurant put the sealed container in their walk in to keep it frozen. I was immediately denied, and cited health code. I was confused, and asked if they would hold an "outside" cake in their walk in for a birthday party, and the manager told me "That was different." The ignorance and indeed the unwillingness to be helpful will scratch this place off my list from now on.
5	This is one of my favorite places. I've never had anything here that wasn't wonderful - from breakfast to lunch! They have salads and sandwiches, but not burgers. The staff is always great and it's always busy (there's a reason).
5	The good egg on Central is a very relaxing peaceful place to go very, I described it as very green I mean there's lots of trees and the outdoor seating area that's really nice there are newer good egg restaurants but I don't think they are as relaxing as this restaurant it is older and could be remodeled a bit but other than that it is an excellent place to go for breakfast once you're done you can go next door to the Starbucks for coffee and the  food has always been excellent at this his location.
