4	stay off the strip and you definitely don't have to pay an arm and a leg for a buffet. $11 for a lunch buffet! hell yeah! plus, you don't have to wait in immensely long lines. food here is good. the AC can get pretty cold, but the decor is nice. decorated with the different seasons, obviously, 'cause this place is called "seasons." service was also really good and attentive.pesto pizza was awesome. they also have a "build your own pasta" section, which i didn't do.....sadly. there's a lot of choices from different pastas to sauces to "toppings" like olives, artichokes, capers, etc. how cool is that?!oh! they also have ridiculously awesome brownies. i'm not much of a dessert person, but i'm mad addicted to brownies, and i had to have TWO even though i was full already. moist, fudge-y and chewy. PERFECTO!
4	For a cheap place, it has good quality food. Like most buffets, you find your favorites. I love the sausage and the strawberry ice cream!!! My advice is come here if you want to save money and eat a decent buffet. If you want to spend more then go to a buffet on the Strip.
4	Came here one night because they are having a BOGO for the entire month of January. This is overall a pretty good buffet ... They don't have any exotic or surprising dishes, but the ones they do have are pretty good. Their salad bar had a good pasta salad, they have a made-to-order pasta section, italian, carving station, asian, seafood, and of course American/BBQ. Almost all the dishes I had were good, including the meatballs, ravioli. crab rangoons, sausage, and their soups. The seafood station had steamed mussels and clams as well as deep fried shrimp, fish and also shrimp cocktail. The desert station was pretty good as well and they have hand scooped ice cream which is something i love to see at buffets. The standard vanilla and chocolate frozen yogurt can get quite boring. They also have a root beer tap @ the desert station and will make you a fresh root beet float.Definitely worth a visit if you are anywhere in the area and are looking for a good buffet to eat at. Even better if you go before the end of the month and take advantage of their BOGO.
5	Now this is a buffet that makes you feel like you are not in a buffet.  We stopped here for brunch on a sunday and Let me tell you for a csino Buffet it ranks up there in the top 2 for me.  Staff is very friendly and food is great not to mention the price. Ask to see if they have a special on the price to get in.
4	This place is nice! I love the lodge feeling and they hit it here dead on. There's a really cool water feature in the front, that looks like water is running down logs stacked on each other, only it's made of copper, or at least that's the color.  We had a team meeting here. We came during not-so-busy hours and it was really nice. The food was good, and the gelato bar is really cool, but my favorite part is really the feel you get from their interior design. Very comfy, very "lodgy". :)
5	I think I can say that this buffet is my favorite buffet out there. The Sunday Brunch is great and all the food is excellent. They have a huge spread of food ranging from Breakfast(french toast) to lunch(smoked salmon). They have 4 different Mimosa's to choose from and the price is worth every bit of food. The waiters and waitresses are pretty good about filling your coffee and clearing plates after your done eating. I think because I never have a bad experience here I will bump their rating up one more star.
3	it's okay.. the thing about buffets is that i get really full too fast..... coma status usually, so being able to try everything is impossible.   they have a really good dessert selection.... breakfast, mexican, seafood, salad bar of course...... and your meats and potatoes section.   it's ok.  not the best.
4	Decent Buffet for the price. I've been here a couple times for lunch and dinner. The variety is nice and the dessert section is great. I loved that they had pozole and bbq ribs. Once in a while they will have some deals like half off or by one get one free. The decor is really nice, newer spot and since its way off the strip not that busy. The service is good too, quick for refills and additional napkins. If you're in Vegas and have a rental, come out here, you will like it. The Silver ton itself is pretty and is right next door to the Bass Pro shop.
4	There's a variety of dishes to choose from but it's not as large as many of the high end places on the strip.  However, the quality of food is pretty good and the prices are really reasonable. Off the top of my head I recall, there were Asian, American, Italian, and Seafood sections, a small variety of salads and soups, a carving station with Turkey & Prime Rib, an area with some grilled veggies and large kielbasas, many different kinds of pizza to choose from and a good assortment of desserts. They also have a pasta station where they help create a fresh batch to your liking. I've gone here about 3 times now for lunch and it's roughly the same.  It's a great last stop before you drive out of town (lunch M-F is only $9 with Silverton casino card!).Good buffet food at a very affordable price.Tip: Get a Silverton Lodge Casino Discovery Club card.  It's free and helps you accumulate points for comps while you gamble. You'll also get a large coupon book which has a couple 2-for-1 's for the Seasons Buffet.  Also, if you are eating by yourself, you can also use the 2-for-1 coupon to just get 50% off instead! However, if you don't have a coupon you'll still get a discounted price for the buffet if you have the card.  It's worth getting!
4	I find myself at the Silverton at once each trip. I like visiting the Bass Pro Shop, the casino, and the Flare Bar. The other eateries at the Silverton get good reviews and often have very good specials, but even though I am tempted to try them, I constantly find myself eating at the Seasons Buffet.The biggest con of this buffet is that it is a bit on the small side and has limited selection. That is the only thing keeping it from receiving 5 stars. They do have different theme nights so that variety does make up a bit for the small size.That being said, it is one of my favorite buffets. The food is good. They manage to put out food that tastes good without being overly greasy. Other buffets like greasy food since grease tastes good and is filling, but not here. They manage to provide a great spread for the price without resorting to having half the items being fried. I was also impressed that on my last visit we arrived 30 minutes before closing and yet they were still removing older items and refilling with freshly cooked food. Service has also been above average.
5	Wow!!!I loved the decor and the food was so good.....price was right (( we had gotten the discount...)) I LIKED the Roasted Brisket,it was perfectly seasoned and tender ....melt in your mouth good....In the Italian section,. they had this bone less skin less chicken in a thick white cream garlic sauce....and it was very rich....and cheesy.....I was in awe of it.....and the whole roasted garlic that you squeeze out of the skin sleeve and spread on a soft fresh baked bread,,,,yummm,,,,I even squeezed the fresh roasted garlic onto the garlic,cheezy cream sauced chicken too.....for dessert, I had a piece of boysenberry pie with a scoop of their homemade french vanilla ice cream....I really liked the set up.... a wood pole with water running down the length and fire running up it....awesome....and 15 frames with moving pictures of sunsets... waves crashing leaves blowing from frame to frame to frame.....I had never seen anything like it.....so beautiful....Back to the food..... there were so many different types of food it was amazing.....I stuck to what I liked and did not try it all....but Next trip to sin city.....I'm there!!! lol.....
5	I would give this buffet 4.5 stars if I could.  Since I'm nice (and it was better than the Spice Market buffet I gave 4 stars too), I'm going to give it 5.  Impressive buffet for the price.  We went after hiking in Red Rock on Saturday morning and arrived hungry only to find that the Silverton buffet was offering brunch and was a little more expensive than anticipated.  Still, it being Vegas we decided to splurge and were not disappointed.  The buffet included an excellent prime rib, crab legs, cedar smoked salmon, osso bucco (oh so yummy) and a variety of shellfish (plus more, much more).  Some other standouts were the granola french toast, biscuits and gravy and of course the usual assortment of desserts.  For about the price of a lunch buffet on the strip, you get all this?  Very worth taking the trek to the Silverton.  Plus, we hadn't been to Las Vegas in several years and boy what a difference those years made!  The Silverton has all growed up! Our little boy loved the outdoor world and what has to be the biggest fish tank outside of an aquarium we have ever seen.
4	Great little buffet.  Very clean, food is fresh and the salad bar was great.  I really appreciate that the quality doesn't suffer for quantity.  And the staff was pretty quick too.
4	Not bad. I've been to Las Vegas tons of times, and found this buffet to be quite decent. I think I liked it even more since it's a seafood buffet, and I love seafood! They had a fair amount of choices available, from shrimp ceviche to pad thai. They also had meat options, which was pretty cool. One of my favorite things to eat was their king crab legs -- they give you these neat little tools to open the crab legs, and man, there was a lot of meat inside! The cocktail shrimp was good as well. If you're a bread-lover, they've got some great raspberry bread! Surprisingly tasty!As for dessert, I'll admit their selection wasn't great, but it wasn't totally lacking. They had some good ice cream that wasn't too frozen nor too melted, which is how I like it. They also offered waffle cones for the ice cream! Bonus points!One of the things I was impressed with at the buffet was their service. Our waiter was constantly available and always refilled our drinks -- even without us asking! At one point I gave my sister some of my iced tea (I poured it into her empty glass) and he even refilled that drink with iced tea even though she hadn't ordered iced tea to begin with!Overall, I'd come here again -- I had a decent experience and pretty good food. Left without having a heavy feeling in my stomach and a food coma, yet I was extremely satisfied. If you want to stop at a buffet and have a seafood craving, this isn't a bad place to chow down!By the way, the decoration is quite nice and the place is very clean and spacious!
4	The buffet was top notch. The 25 minute drive away from the strip is well worth it. I went during lunch time and the prices were very reasonable. The place has roast beef, smoked ham, a large selection of Chinese and Mexican foods. The best part was the desert section where there were various pies, cakes, and ice creams to choose from. The only bad part was that the sushi was below par from what I normally expect at a buffet. I would definitely recommend this place if you visit Las Vegas.
5	My favorite part of Vegas is the trip home. It has slowly become a tradition to eat here on the way out of Las Vegas. Although our whole group of girls loves this place, I am probably the only one who looks forward to leaving more than anything else for two very delicous words: crab legs.The one thing I have spent my buffet eating trips loving is shrimp and cocktail sauce. Especially when there horseradish standing by. Now although I am still quite enamored with them, I think I have found my buffet soulmate in crab legs. Simply amazing. I am lucky enough to have a Tina Z. in my life who used to work at Red Lobster and has taught me the kung fu art that is extracting crab meat from the shells, but you'll figure it out. Trust me. Hot or cold. With or without fatty butter. I am starving just thinking about them and a little sad that I don't have my next trip out there planned yet. Anyway, for those who don't obsess like me, the rest of the buffet is also excellent. Waffles with strawberry topping or funky french toast covered in crunchy oat things. Pizza with a side of full roasted garlic heads (you read that right, not cloves, heads). Oh and my other weird obsession, bagles with smoked salmon and cream cheese. So good. The dessert bar is also pretty amazing. I fell deeply in love with their coffee flavored flan of some sort. And many flavors of ice cream! Blueberry pie! Man it's a good thing they're located in a different state beacuse I don't have the time to go to as many TKB classes as it would take to burn off these calories.Oooh and the mimosa bar. Not sure if it's an everyday thing, but on Sunday there's a mimosa bar in which you can have champagne and pureed orange, mango, white peach, and a couple of other flavors. By Sunday alcohol is not usually on my list of what I want to drink, but I have started to try a glass here or there.Whenever you can find the time to fit this place into your Vegas trip, make it happen. Oh and you'll only spend ~$20 for a Sunday burnch. So worth it.
2	OK..while the atmosphere is pretty cool and eating to classic rock music is awesome...the dinner here is NOT all that.  4 stars?  5 stars?  Are you kidding?  What's the Wynn or Bellagio buffet then?  So many multiple orgasms in your mouth that you'll die right on the spot??While there are some good things like the pasta station and the carved roast beef...some of the other stuff was under par like the egg drop soup (enough sugar in it?), sweet and sour chicken should've just been called "sweet chicken", pad thai and lemon meringue pie.  And even though the price certainly padded the cons of the place, I don't plan on eating here ever again.  The diner would be a better call unless you're ravenously starving.
4	I've eaten here a number of times, since it's sort of close to where I live in Henderson. The food is usually good; nice breakfast when it's that time and  the dessert bar is out of this world. I brought my daughter and her husband the week after Christmas, before New Years and was planning on taking them to lunch. Discovered that the buffet was closed that week and haven't been back since then until today. Guess what? The buffet is STILL closed for lunch. The signs at the entry don't specify what hours/days they are open; guess it's a sign of this damned recession. Just thought everyone might want to be aware.EDITED REVIEW 5/1/10 I took a chance on going here Wednesday night this last week and was glad to find it open. Midweek wasn't very busy, the food was as good as anything I've ever eaten here. Great roast turkey, nice corn with some peppers in it. The Chinese food is "meh", except for the crispy crab won tons. But I don't go here for Chinese food. I even had salad bar, which I don't often do, and they had a big bowl of artichoke hearts, which you don't see in most places. I'm still leaving it as a 4 star review just because, but I like eating here.
4	Oh Boy...I'm taking such a leap by writing a public review on the Silverton Brunch. You know you are my peeps when I let you in on the Silverton. So here we go...here are the reasons why the Seasons Buffet is awesome on a Sunday:1. Hardly a line....everyone is at the strip which is so not the place to be, and look at me and my girls....3 people ahead of us...we are so close to crabs it's not even funny and I'm not just saying that because we are leaving Vegas.2. Large round tables! Yes! I hate having to sit at square tables where you can't hear what is going on at the end and you have to go on a scavenger hunt to find the ketchup. These tables are huge and me and my girls can get to business which involves sharing photos, memories and mimosas.3. CRAB! What the hell happened on the strip? I went to the buffet at the Bellagio for Sunday brunch and there was no crab! Are you joking? Whatev...we are at the Silverton, so pile it on. 4. No rush! The friendly servers at the Silverton want you to sit down and stay awhile. No one pushing you out or frowning when you take obnoxious group photos.5. When you are done eating you are steps away from the BASS PRO SHOP! Hello? Are we out of mace? It is a long trip home....we may need to check out the tents in case we get stuck somewhere....wait...are those stuffed wildlife? Who doesn't love stuffed wildlife? And the Gun selection! Wow! Well, you can definitely spend hours in the Bass Pro Shop that's for sure. Last time we left I ended up with a bottle of water, a pack of red vines and a giant stuffed Jackalope that we fondly named "J-Lope" and yes, she was so big she needed a seat belt. LOVE IT!
3	HATE Nothing.DISLIKE The rubbery quiche. Eggs benedict was hard-boiled not poached. Very limited options within each "international" station.LIKE Choices of protein entrees (turkey, prime rib, lamb, salmon). Dessert. Steamed crabs. Friendly station attendants/cooks. Classier buffet atmosphere.LOVE Unlimited champagne/bellinis/wine.
1	The below review represents only the opinion of the reviewer and may not be factually accurate. You should try it, and decide for yourself. No. No. No. No. I don't think so my friendly friends. They messed up with me and there is no going back to the time when I held the Buffet at the Silverton in high regard. Here you go: Waffles not good. No butter or whipped cream or fresh strawberry to go on waffles. Only cheap nasty strawberry giz goo stuff. French toast was some weird deep fried crap with oatmeal on the outside. The fruit spread was just 2 bowls. One watermelon and one other melon cut into crude chunks is a $20 brunch... there should be beautifully sliced fruit... not disgusting hunks of fruit put in a bowl.) The orange juice had a bizarre Tang like flavor to it. We got up for 3 minutes after having only been there for 15 and when we came back they had cleared our table. How nice. While the manager was a super nice lady the guy serving was below par. He was having a hard time doing the damn thing. There has got to be much better out there. Take a drive over to the Red Rock casino... they have a great breakfast.
4	My family and I love the silverton because it's off the strip and because of the bass pro shop.So it was a surprise to us that the buffet was quite good considering it is not a mega sized casino...it's totally local and inviting. Family friendly. The buffet is free for kid's 5 and under. On our last visit, we had the thursday night luau.The roast pig was good, lomi lomi salmon and poke were great. The tako poke and the ahi poke broke dah mouth(awesome). I also saw a big hawaiian guy eating poi. So if people from hawaii are showing up for this luau night you know it's good..
2	Note: This review is for the Polynesian buffet that the Silverton has on Thursdays, though I'm not sure much changes from the regular buffet. I usually wouldn't go the Silverton buffet since we have so many other good places I'd like to eat but someone wanted to go so I decided sure why not? Have to try somethings at least once.The decor: Not bad, it was actually pretty good, not completely amazing but not so cheesy and tacky that you're reminded that you're at a buffet and feel like a tourist. But pretty much what you'r expect from a buffet, one thing I didn't like is that the bathrooms are outside and in the casino, not that big of a deal for some but kind of bothers me.The service: Excellent. Very attentive. Everyone was nice, conversational, relaxed and everyone just seemed real kick back.The food: The primary purpose of going to a buffet. Can't say I was impressed by anything they had to offer. It wasn't the worst buffet I have ever had but all the food just seemed to be real basic. There was your Italian section - eh, you're Asian section - yawn, salad bar, small dessert area and a couple more areas that weren't very memorable. If you were hungry, it would've done the trick but my biggest problem was where was the Polynesian food? It seemed like their regular buffet with maybe 4 or 5 Polynesian dishes. They had some pig, mahi mahi, and pig/pork in banana leaves and that's about it, not a lot of variety and if I'm craving some Poly food again I can't say I'd rush back here.
4	Just spent the last weekend in Las Vegas with the extended family of 18. Believe it or not this was the one & only buffet we patronized & boy oh boy was I happy that it was a good one. We dined here Friday night which was seafood night. Adults, which they considered age 7 & up, were $22.99 & kids aged 4,5, & 6 were half price. I made sure we got our money's worth with the many plates of crab legs we ate. It also came with complimentary beer & wine but I can't say for sure if this is nightly or just the seafood buffet. They had the usual favorites for kids such as pasta, pizza, mac n cheese, mashed potatoes etc. The dessert buffet was tasty with a good variety of cakes, pies, & other pastries. They even had a selection of sugar free desserts for those seeking them. My favorite was the more than half dozen flavors of ice cream made in-house. They even had root beer floats made to order.All in all, I was happy with our buffet experience and the kids were happy with it too. On top of all the great food selections, the service was awesome & that usually isn't the case with a party of 18. I would definitely go back here again if I stay in the same area the next time around. But based on the other reviews, I may stick to Friday night seafood fare.
3	What can I say $5.00 to eat lunch.  Service was very slow to get in and to get the soft drinks.  They looked very understaffed to me. This is a very local place not for the Las Vegas vacation type.  It serves the locals well and does let kids eat here.  So there is a great bargin if you have children. I don't think this Buffet is close enough to the strip or downtown to make a special run here.  They are as my rating states A-OK
2	I went to the buffet last week and when I purchased the 2 for 1 coupon plan, I was told that they are closing in 40 minutes, but we still stayed to eat because that was the final day for the coupon. Anyway, the only thing that was good was the turkey. All of the extras were either old and cold or just awful looking. I will never go to the Seasons buffet again.
2	Why on earth was I even AT the silverton buffet?  Well, cuz my dad wanted to get his $5 senior buffet on, that's why.  Otherwise I'm sure I wouldn't have gone in.  I've been to so many bad buffets at the locals hotels, I'm always leary.But for a cheap buffet, the food was ok.  The prime rib was pretty good and they had some pretty tasty grilled veggies.  Oh and the German Chocolate cake was ok.   On the other hand, the mushy egg rolls and funky dried out cinnamon muffins were inedible.And our service was horrible.  Our waitress was EXTREMELY slow... and I mean that both physically and mentally.  We asked for sodas for our group 4-5 separate times and she NEVER go them right.  Two diets, two rootbeers and two Sierra Mists.  Is that really THAT hard?  What's worse is it seemed like she couldn't have cared any less that she kept bringing us the wrong drinks.  She would just shrug and take the wrong ones over to another table.  Pretty lame.Overall, I would add this to my list of places to eat only if you have some kind of seriously great coupon and you just want to get lots of food into your stomach for cheap.  If you're looking for great quality and good service.... keep looking.
4	There is the time for a bountiful buffet for the price of $5 on Mondays & Tuesdays. My Mom and I went to this casino to watch the Mermaid Fish Feeding Show but saw their $5 Seasons Buffet ad as we walked out of the elevator. It sounded a good deal so we lined up for the buffet. With a price like that, naturally who would let that pass? There was a line of people waiting to get in, both locals and tourist. But it's all worth the wait.Immediate service upon getting seated. Our drink orders were taken and served fast. Generous food on the buffet line-up. Self-service, all-you-can-eat. Seafood (with crawfish, shrimps, crab legs among others), Salad Bar and Desserts (includes my favorite German chocolate cake. It was rich and creamy and loved the mint ice cream with my preferred toppings of nuts, chocolate fudge, butterscotch cream, sprinkles, M&Ms), Italian, Meat Carving Station, Grilled Vegetabes, Asian, Mexican, Soups, Fresh Fruit, and American cuisine. Hush puppies, Pecan Pie and Prime Rib were excellent. Food is tasty through all the bites. Ever-hospitable servers and buffet station servers were attentive. "Live Action" Chefs cook food fresh. Food servers dressed in brown country-style outfits with boots. Booths and table seatings abound in this large dining room. Decor is very pleasing for a hotel that's somewhat new. We go to this buffet at least twice a month.Mondays are also Seniors All-Day Buffet Day at this Seasons "Live Action" Buffet at Silverton Lodge Casino at 11am-8pm for $5. Seafood Buffet on Dinner Fridays for $22.99 and Polynesian Buffet on Thursdays for $20.99. Visit website for hours http://www.silvertoncasino.com/html/las-vegas-top-ten-buffet.asp
4	Who woulda guessed??? Not me. This place is a gem hidden behind the draw of the Bass Pro Shop at the Silverton Hotel and Casino.Never in a million years would I have ventured to try the Seasons Buffet, if not for the suggestion of my brother-in-law. The place is neat, contemporary, and, bottom-line, the food is terrific, and the price ain't to shabby (two-for-one with players card). Went there for breakfast and lunch only, so only reviewing for it. Good selection of normal breakfast/lunch fare. Can't recall all the items, but fried chicken is good (so I heard), as was the prime rib, and snow crab.Desserts were also good. From scratch, according to the hotels' website.Overall good deal for good eats.
3	We went to the Polynesian night buffet, it is pretty good they had lau lau( pork , a little butterfish wrapped in taro leaves then wrapped again in ti leaves and steamed for a few hrs ) it was small but u can eat all u want.  They also had a whole roasted pig, tako poke, ahi poke , kalua pig, sushi , huli huli chix, kal bi and poi about $20 it was worth it to me. I don't think even in Hawaii u can eat like that for 20 bucks or so.  I will b back .
4	Polynesian night, a little sushi, some poke, lomi lomi salmon, roasted pig with crispy skin, and aw yes, lau lau. This was a good buffet, hit the highlights of Hawaiian delights, it was all you can eat, for about $20 per person, where else could you do that! We have tried the buffet at other times, it's always been consistent. The prices are good, and the selections are many. It's a nice little buffet to keep in mind for you and partner, or family and friends. Being part of the Silverton Casino and with Pro Bass shops on site, it's a date night made in heavy! Go, check it out....I'll be back for sure.
4	food was good - great service -
1	Worst buffet in Vegas.  I join the Silverton players club on Monday 12/13/10 to get a $5.00 senior price for dinner buffet.  I stood over one and a half hours to eat this sh*t.  I don't mind losing money at a casino if every thing there is fun.  Although, I would still go there for the gaming, friendly dealers.  Free drinks are so-so  And you should go there to see the Bass pro shop with the largest aquarium I've ever seen.
5	This is honestly one of my favorite buffets in Vegas. It is so worth it! I believe its about $22/pp and sometimes its buy one get one free. Also if you sign up for the Silverton Casino players club you can also get a discount. Come early for dinner because sometimes theres a pretty long wait. The buffet has a good variety of food. There's different themes through out the week. But one thing I must say about this buffet is that the crab legs are great. Theyre pretty fresh in my opinion and they also serve them hot. You just have to ask the ppl in the back to get it for you. The staff there is pretty nice. I always enjoy going to this buffet.
5	I am DROOOOOOOOOOOOOLING already.THURSDAY NIGHTS = POLYNESIAN DINNER! Excuse me, as the pidgin commences: You're bound to see yo mada'z bes frenz calabash cuzzin & da entire ohana there on Thursday. Okay, so i exaggerated, but you will see plenty of "local-kine" people there on Polynesian night. The "ahi tartar" (aka poke) is better on Thursdays, a  little more salty than the other days which means IT'S ONO. I had this clam chowder there once that I couldn't get off my brain! I keep going back, but the soup doesn't show up again. darn. But seriously, for a decent price ($21.99/person if i'm not mistaken) AYCE polynesian/island style food is pretty damn good in my opinion.Friday nights are seafood nights, Saturday nights are steak AND seafood nights, and the food is phenomenal for a decent-sized buffet. I do miss the 2-for-1 deal that they had going in November, but I think you get well worth your money here.Seasons has your weekend dinners COVERED!
1	Usually this buffet is not too bad.  On this visit, I got about a two inch worm like parasite in the crab legs (picture posted).  I was told that "it happens" and that I should look at it like a chicken bone and not eat it.  Don't eat it??  No shit!
4	Went here the last time I was in Vegas, and it's a great place to go. Even better since we signed up for a Player's Club card, so we had free buffet tickets. Very good food and wide variety of selections. The Prime Rib and crab legs were especially good. I think that's what Vegas is all about- the food!
3	Ate here by request with a visiting cousin.  It was 4 of us, including Baby.  The hubby & I decided to get there a bit early to make sure we get our Silverton players card & free buffet.  Yay for free food we were going to pay for anyway!The line wasn't too bad for a Friday night and it was their seafood buffet too!  The service was okay, not slow, but we did have to flag him down a time or two.  Now, the food, the only reason to hit a buffet.  Meh.  Yes, that's my official review of the food.  I didn't touch the crab (I'm still traumatized from Darin C.'s picture, I really can't get that out of my head) but tried other seafood items.  It's really small compared to other casino buffets, but there was a decent amount of choices.  The prime rib was okay, I was able to get the yummy end that wasn't overcooked.  The hubby appreciated he could get his order grilled and not have to eat it medium rare.  There were fried seafood (shrimp, catfish) choices that got a thumbs up from the hubby.Baby enjoyed herself, mainly because she loved all the compliments she kept getting from strangers.  She did look sad when they left and no one was telling her how cute she looked in her pigtails and new dress.  (A sudden vision of whats to come)Anyways, would I go back?  Probably not, but it wouldn't be the worst place to end up.  We may end up there for lunch during the week (can't really complain too much about $5 pp during weekdays) when we visit the fish.  She is really loving those fish!
2	We went there on a weekday right around noon. There were only about 30 people ahead of us and we waited in line. They only had ONE cashier for both the VIP line and the regular line. Every minute or so another senior folk with a VIP card would come in and she would take them before taking us. After an hour it was finally our turn, the clerk asked us how many people were in our party and proceeded to ask us if we had a players card and if we wanted to sign up for one...then started making small talk. REALLY?! If I wanted a player's card, I would have waited in the player's card line. I was so irritated because she was taking her sweet time. Don't mess with hungry folks. As soon as we passed the cashier, it was all smooth sailing. The food is not bad and neither is the service once you're in. The place itself is gorgeous. But as I looked around, I was so mad at the cashier because there were so many empty tables, and SHE was the bottleneck.
3	This is the very first buffet in Vegas we ate at.  Honestly, considering the line of people, I was expecting the food to be out of this world.  It was okay, but Luby's Cafeteria honestly has better food in my opinion.  The reason why we will go back is the $5 unlimited wine and beer special.  You pay once and drink as much as you want!  That's excellent.
3	We wanted to try the polanisian buffet  there were a few good options but overall your typical buffet joint.One positive was that we got 2 buffets for free after signing up a players card.It will be a long time before I go to a buffet joint again!
3	I came here on Mothers Day with 5 friends & 3 kiddos. They had a speciall of $5 for the buffet. So it was pretty packed. We finally got in after an hour wait. Thankfully our server was good and took our drink orders fast. We were pretty thirsty. LOL The prime rib was really good and so were the stuffed crabs. For another $5 bucks it was all you can drink sangria. So of course I had to try to get my moneys worth on that. It's always fun to be a drunk mommy on mothers day! So all in all it was 35 bucks for 9 people..2 of which were free since they are toddlers. I don't think you can do any better than that on a holiday. I will come back for a deal like that anytime.
5	Thursday Polynesian night buffet for around $20 @ 4pm-9pm. Don't forget your ziplock bags. jk. i always fill up here. ahi poke, tako poke, lau lau, roast pig, huli huli chicken, kalbi short ribs, kiawe smoked prime rib, poi, haupia, portuguese bean soup, crab, sushi, pasta made to order, etc. if you really want to make it last go early, add all you can drink beer for $5, and have a party until they kick you out and put aways the food and beer at around 9:45. they have some nice decor. don't get burnt by the fire and water feature.
3	Join the players club and get a free buffet with no strings attached. The weeknight I chose wasn't very crowded and there was just a short wait. As with most buffets, you must weed through some bad items to find the good ones. The things that shone through were the "make your own Pasta Bar" You fill a bowl of veggies and then chef cooks your choice of pasta and sauce. The penne alfredo w/garlic added was cooked perfectly and tasted like  a real homemade sauce and is almost good enough for an entire meal as they serve you a giant plate. Of course, you have to keep trying other stuff. Also in the very good category were Fried Clams (crispy), Fried Shrimp, creamed corn (with peppers), lima beans and pearl onions and they had some decent carving stations if you like sausage and red meats. I was hoping for turkey. Overall the deserts and salad's were very average and the polenta, minestrone soup and a few other dishes did not cut the mustard. Clearly, this is great if it's free, but  d at 15 bucks is probably a bit too high to return for a local. Might as well try another place on Strip for that price. Also the summer peach ice cream/gelato was tasteless.
4	We recently stayed at Silverton Lodge and Casino and ate at Seasons buffet.  The buffet had a wonderful variety of entrees.  My husband especially liked the Chinese items he selected and I really enjoyed the delicious Prime Rib and the very large deep fried shrimp.  We would highly recommend this buffet and the lodge.
4	Very Good Buffet. Went on Senior Monday Lunch, Dinner, Seafood Buffet Night and more. For each time the Price Value Ratio was excellent. The Only reason I did not give it 5 Stars was that the Dining Room is Small, leading to entry waits of at least 45 minutes most of the time.
4	Omg this buffet is as good as it gets. Went on Thursday for a uye lechon buffet. I never comment on seating or tables but you actually wanted to sit and take your time eating. They don't have chairs that make you feel rushed. Now on to the food. Where to start. Hmm with the salads it's a nice spread. Even tuna poke salad. And the fruits like watermelon were juicy and sweet.From the lau lau to the roasted pig delicious. They never let the side dishes empty out. It would be nice if they had a ice cream machine so I could make my own sundaes. And the ice cream Batista didn't have any bowls either. Guess ill grab a soup bowl next time and bring it over. All in all a pleasant delicious experience. And after 4pm its 5 dollars all you cab drink beer in the buffet. The server never let my drinks go unattended which is a huge plus for me
3	I have been to Seasons a lot over the years. It's always pretty solid and they usually have great local deals, which is usually what draws me in. On this occasion I had friends in from out of town who were in desperate need of AYCE food. I suggested Seasons and off we went. We got in line (which was scarily long) and started to wait. We heard rumblings of a free buffet offer and took turns to go to the Rewards Club  booth to sign up. My fella and I already had cards, but we got free buffets and $5 in slot play for signing up newbies, score!It took us an hour and a half to get through the line and everyone was getting pretty antsy in line. My friends had a show to get to, so each passing minute was making them nervous about leaving on time. We finally got seated and off they went to scrounge around for a plate of food before they had to run off. The food is always pretty solid for buffet food but I had to deduct a star for slow service and the long line. They did deal with it the best they could as the servers and the rest of the staff were obviously overwhelmed with large amount of people filtering in and out because of the promotion. They definitely need to account for this and staff more people on the weekends.All in all, a solid buffet that I usually suggest to friends and family when they're looking for good food on the cheap. Bets of all, they have chocolate covered strawberries. I know, the simple pleasures.
4	August 12, 2011This buffet is amazing!  I would have gave this place a 5 star rating if it weren't for the ridiculously long line and grumpy lady at the dessert counter.  Aside from that.. superb and highly recommended!Pros:  +  The best Prime Rib I have ever feasted on  +  Inviting ambiance with spacious seating  +  steamed crab w/ the option to toss in flavorsCons:  -  Lines are way too long  Okay, let me start off with the negative...  I met my girlfriend at Silverton since I was coming from work.  My girlfriend arrived at 4:30pm.  I arrived at near 5:00pm and we didn't get to our table until 6:15pm!  That's ridiculous!  Friday is Seafood day (which is the day we went) and starts at 4pm.  I was starving by the time we got in (good considering I was about to devour AYCE style).  Dinner on Friday Seafood night is $22.99 with your Silverton card.  This is a good price in comparison to the likes of Wynn and the M buffet.  I hated the wait, but was really surprised at the quality of the food.  The service was really good too aside from a grumpy worker in the dessert section.  Overall:  I would highly recommend this buffet to people.  This is overall the best buffet I have ever been to.  The quality, price, and service combined makes this an awesome experience.  Tips:*  Different days have different specials:Friday Dinner is Seafood NightThursday Dinner is Polynesian Night (Hawaiian)Tuesday Dinner is Cowboy Night (BBQ) (I'm not too sure about Tuesday being Cowboy night.. Call first if you are interested in this one.*  Try the Prime Rib....AMAZING!*  The crab laid out is cold crab.  If you want boiled crab, you have to ask for it. *  Don't forget to get your crab sauteed in flavor. I got Garlic butter YUM!*  Save room for dessert: a selection of sugar-free desserts.  I'd recommend the Cappuccino Ice Cream (this one isn't sugar-free).*  Show up early to avoid the wait in line.  * Sign up for the Player's card for free buffet at Silverton.  *  Lunch hours end at 3pm and Dinner starts at 4pm.
3	First, let me explain my star-rating if I may.. NO buffet, not even the M Buffet will ever get 5 stars. Why? BECAUSE IT'S A BUFFET, that's why. Let's be real here folks, buffets are glorified cafeteria food, the same food if not a slight grade above employee dining food. So when we're talking buffet ratings, a 4 star deal, in my opinion would be the MAX. When the stress of the day along with record temperatures leave my brain fried, I tend to not be in the market for even the most minor decision making. Though I am not a huge fan of group troff dining, it seems to be the best bet when undecided is the verdict for where and what to eat for dinner. If you are not starving when you first arrive at the Silverton, have no fear, the hour wait just to be seated (even on a Wednesday) will have your stomach growling by the time your butt hits the seat. Salad, soup are your usual suspects at any buffet along with the dessert station. But the Italian cuisine was delicious and not your typical spaghetti and pizza, they threw in some rolled eggplant, and fried raviolis, yum! The Asian area was pretty decent..well the noodles were good, the fried rice tasted like Mexican rice to me, which worked out considering they didn't have a Spanish themed station at all there! (weird). The carving station: WOW, I'm not sure what sort of animal they slaughtered for the "prime rib" but it could very well have been a dinosaur. I've never seen a bone-in hunk of meat so large in my life. Since I'm not a meat eater this made my stomach turn and I quickly sprinted past the station to some more animal friendly choices.. such as mac and cheese (yum) and some fried fish. Dessert was decent. I was pleasantly surprised that I did not have to peel a crunchy layer back from anything I tasted, it was all sliced and served fresh! Best part was cheesecake and ice cream (chocolate chip mint), worst, the pumpkin pie (ick!). All in all, was it worth the wait.. sure, almost anythings worth the wait when your starving, ha ha. Would I eat there again, sure, why not. Undecided on where to eat? Try the Silverton Buffet
2	Review is on Thursday Polynesian (aka Hawaiian) night. We were addicted to their Hawaiian buffet for a while, but I hadn't been in at least 6 months and I don't know wtf happened - food and service has gone way down. Line was packed w hungry Hawaiians - word of the 2 for 1 spreads fast I guess. Luckily grandma is a platinum player, but even the VIP line was a 15 min wait w only 2 parties ahead of us. Thought it was due to the place being full, but no there were a couple open tables and several empty but uncleared ones right in front of us. Our server was obviously overwhelmed but still super friendly and nice (think his name was Raymond?). Unfortunately we had to keep reminding him about refills he was supposedly getting, and the dirty plates sat untouched at least a half hr till cleared. Now onto the crappy food! Only good things were the sweet sour spare ribs and sliced teri beef. We sat down around 6:45 just in time for the last pan of lau lau. They were already out of poi and haupia, and the lechon was just a head and legs. Crab legs were awful - dry and deep fried to sh*t instead of stir fried like they have been in the past. Portuguese bean and won ton soups both super salty. They dumped more diced up pork onto the remaining pig carcass, but it wasn't lechon. It was roast pork, but there was no crispy skin or taste. They may have fooled the haoles, but come on....Desserts just looked sad. Not much variety, and I was kind of mad about no haupia since that's my fav. They had these little individual peach pies that were ok. They were from a giveaway the casino had earlier this week. Grandma said all the old ladies in her senior apartments were pissed off at Silverton because it wasn't a full sized pie. Maybe they're only cutting corners because its 2 for 1, but I wont be back to chance it for full price. If I had waited in that line for 45 min just to have them run out of everything, I would've been really pissed. Especially after you get in and see that the ridiculous wait was due to nearly half of the tables being uncleared. I felt bad for the staff - its not their fault their idiot management didn't schedule more bussers and make more food. The bogo has been going on at least a couple weeks, so they knew the crowds were coming.
5	This is my favorite buffet in Vegas so far! I've been to the one at the Flamingo, Aladdin, The Orleans, etc. But this is the best one so far. It's super clean and there's so many different foods to choose from. They have american, asian, mexican, italian, etc. And they have great desserts to choose from. The few times that I've been here, it hasn't been crowded either. I can't wait to come back to this place!
5	Huge selection. Reasonable price. Something for everyone. Especially love the bellini brunch.
4	Ok when you can't afford the expensive buffets on the Strip you tend to settle for something less expensive...or free, that's where Seasons comes into play. Sign up for their players club and receive a free buffet but expect the buffet line to be long and I mean long. Yes it took us almost an hour to get through the line and they without a doubt were understaffed. I was worried that my food partner was going to pass out due to low blood sugar. Finally we were seated and rushed to the buffet line. Overall I must say that this buffet wasn't too shabby. Most of their food was actually pretty good. The prime was was great for being buffet prime rib. This sucker was huge, I didn't know the actual prime rib could come in dinosaur size! The desserts were ok, by the time I actually got to dessert they were already cleaning up the stations. Overall for a buffet, this is a pretty decent buffet. They could staff it better especially since they give away free buffets. Try it for yourself when you can't decide on what to eat!
4	I live by the Siverton and I have always loved the weekend brunch, for a mere $23 you can pig out on crab legs, oysters, sushi and unlimited mimosas. The staff was ok, but if they are offering any type of special be prepared to wait in line., best bet is be there at opening.
4	Like it. The Silverton has a really good buffet. It's not "fabulous you must try this dish" kind of good but it's Las Vegas buffet good. As far as local casinos go, I'd say it's above average. Definitely better than the coast and most station buffets. Last time I went was on Friday for their seafood buffet. I ate crab legs, peel and eat shrimp, oysters rockefeller and a decent paella. The crab legs were a little overcooked and hard to crack. They are precut which is supposed to make them easier to crack but the shell was a bit rubbery so they were kind of pain to deal with. When I did get to the meat it was not overly salty which I really like. Lots of buffet crab legs (and buffet food in general) is too salty for my taste.This Silverton runs some good promotions periodically and Friday night we bought 2 buffets for the price of 1. It was $25 before tip. We arrived around 6:30ish and there was no waiting but there was a decent line when we were leaving. The service was pretty standard. Our waiter brought us drinks, extra napkins and cleared our plates. Which is important to me. When I am finished eating I want my plate out of my face, now. (Always in a nice way though ;)
3	First let me say I am not really a buffet person. I prefer dining with a choice and I choose one thing and I am good. I do not really like to gorge on too many things. I did hoover between 3 and 4 stars for this place. I chose 3 due to what happened when we first arrived. At 5:30 on a Saturday there was no line. We walked right p to the cashier. My dad really wanted to go here. Now he has a club card to Silver ton, and I had received a coupon in the mail for a 2 for one buffet so off we went. The cashier tells my dad this is not our card. Rally? it says silvetrton right across the card. Not once did he say your card is outdated, or why do you not go to the club booth and get an updated one , or wait let me call for you. Nope not once ounce of customer service. Honestly I could tell my dad was getting pissed, so I did not even think about running and getting one myself. My dad told the kid forget and paid him. 75.00 for 3 people. I was expecting a huge assortment of food for this amount of money. Honestly there was not that much to chose from. We grabbed some food sat down and I could tell my dad was very upset. He honestly felt disrespected as to how the kid was treating him. and he was not enjoying his 75.00 buffet. We asked our server Gabriel, who by the way was fantastic, to ask a manager to come and talk with us. Gabriel checked back with us to see if she had arrived we told him she had not. We explained what happened and he went to get her again. She did arrive and I told her what happened. She asked for my dad's card ,saw it was outdated, asked my dad to go with her to the club booth, she got him a new card then honored the coupon. Which of course was the right thing to d. My dad seemed relieved after this and really liked the manager and that she treated him with respect and not as an old man. We finished our meal, found Gabriel gave him a generous tip and were on our way. Now I will say the food we had was very good. The desserts far too sweet. And our server needs a huge promotion!. Will we go back probably not. I still think it is too pricey.
3	Here almost every monday , $5 dollar buffet is really nice and the food is decent for the price .
2	Maybe I am just sick of buffets, but this one just does not have any appealing attributes. The large room is understaffed. I was watching our server running between 15 different tables. There was no time for guest service other than get them their drinks and clear tables. It took 10 minutes before we saw our server because he was swamped. The food quality is substandard fare. The salad bar was one of my favorite stations because it had roasted beets. There wasn't anything special, but it was consistent and well kept. The shrimp cocktail were not bad either. Other than that, I would skip everything else. Food stations ran short on a few occasions. Finding a plate, or some ramekins were near impossible.
4	They've stepped down the quality of their Polynesian Night a bit. They got rid of the tako (octopus) poke and the quality of the roast pig was bad, two of the main reason I go there for.  The roast pig was dry and completely cold, some gelatinous substance was even forming, almost wanted to throw up after eating a few pieces.  The ahi poke, which they do have, is a weird recipe I think they were trying to stretch it out by adding more veggie ingredients.  As always I am a fan because I get to stuff my face with lau lau, kalbi ribs, poi, huli huli chicken, made to order pasta, desserts, kalua pig and cabbage, but now I'm kinda debating if the buffet is worth the $20.99 for the Polynesian Night.Every first Tuesday they have a buffet from 10:30 pm - 6:30 am for 6.99 because their cafe closes for monthly cleaning.  They close down most of the buffet and offer mostly breakfast items, crepes, sausage links, bacon, etc. They have made to order burgers and omelets which is the only items worth the $6.99.
3	This buffet is never a disappointment. It seems that we always wind up there in the middle of the week and there is almost no line. The food is always tasty and the selection is pretty good. They have a nice desert bar. The price isn't bad at $13.99 with your players card. You can't beat $5 all you can drink beer.
3	This was our first time at Seasons, a place that is not at all close to home.  We were here for a group dinner, so we couldn't use the free buffet pass that was good on this night only.  Bummer!!  But because the group was already set up in a back area (where, unlike the rest of the restaurant, was WAY too bright), we were able to dodge the line that snaked almost to the door, like Disney World.  That was almost worth paying full price.  The additional down side, though, was that an 18% tip was added on.  Who the hell tips 18% at a buffet????I was pleasantly surprised to see so much seafood - shrimp in various disguises, king crab legs, baby mussels, oysters Rockefeller, seafood paella, and then it hit me - Duh!  Friday night is Surf & Turf night here.  Mostly everything was well-presented and pretty good.  Nothing was dried out from sitting too long, and one salmon dish - a whole side of salmon over a tomato and onion melange - was particularly delicious.  The steaks were tender and juicy.  Wine was $5 for as much as you wanted.All in all, I'd go back again, but I'd make sure to go on a night when I can use a coupon!
3	The food selection is average. The food is A-OK. when I saw how nice the place was I was expecting a better variety of food for what you pay... Do I hate this place. Not at all. I just STRONGLY dislike the poor service.... I've given this place plenty of chances. the last time I went I was VERY upset how they put jalapenos in the corn bread. THEN failed to label the corn bread as jalapeno corn bread. I have a serious medical issue where I can't eat spicy food. (now mind you the manager is no stranger to us) I told her politely that I was upset with the service & the fact that they could of labeled the food for people with food allergies. She must of had bigger fish to fry but she seemed like she didn't even care.  But in all seriousness I won't be going back anytime soon. I've given this place at least 6 different chances. & I can't say It's a favorite. I rather spend our money some place ass that's bigger & nicer. A place where they actually give a hoot about costumer satisfaction... "Meh. I've had better" is certainly my choice of a rating... If you DO choose to eat here make sure you don't pay full price. Seniors are $5 on Mondays.
4	I can't really complain about a $6.99 breakfast buffet that turned into brunch shortly after we were seated ;)For breakfast they had bacon, sausages, scrambled eggs, biscuits with country gravy, french toast, granola, oatmeal, country fried steak, potatoes Au Gratin, and a "make your own omelet" section. The country gravy was probably the best I've ever had! Not too thick and it was just oozing with flavor. It was so good we even poured it over our omelets. We went back to the buffet for breakfast seconds and that's when we noticed the whole other half of the buffet was now open for the lunch selection. They had an Asian food section with chow mein, orange chicken,broccoli Beef, egg drop soup, wonton soup, and fried rice; An Italian section with pizzas, pastas, and I believe they were opening up a "build your own pasta" section because I read some sign that read: First, choose your own sauce. And the salad bar with a few choices of soup. Since I was already kind of full from my first plate, I just got a bowl of tomato soup, which was very tasty. Don got a giant piece of brisket, which he described as "ok," but within a few minutes the whole piece was nonexistent. Before we left, I checked out the dessert section which included assorted pies/cakes, gelato, gingerbread cookies, and breakfast pastries. I went with the gingerbread man because I was feeling a little festive. I only ate off his head, but it was nice and soft ;)Tip*They no longer have the $6.99 holiday buffet since it only ran for about 5 days. THey only have a weekend brunch, but it's $17.99
1	the casino is lovely.  cashiers at the buffet need a lesson in manners!    we stood in the handicap line for 20 minutes when we arrived at the cashier she wanted proof of my disability.  i explained that i was from out of town and the only 'proof' was the tag on the car.  she said 'well that's your problem' and moved on to the next person.   i asked why she couldn't just take our money and her response was i was in the wrong line, if i didn't like it i could call a manager.  there is no mention on the sign for the handicap line that you need proof.i was tempted to leave but decided to speak with a manager.   he stuck a thumb size blue sticker on my players card and told me to go through the vip line so we didn't have to wait again.   same cashier, she couldn't get rid of us fast enough.  my husband said he nearly got a paper cut from her tearing the money out of his hand.    i wasn't asking for a discount or a free meal just what the sign said,  the right to stand in line for handicapped people.  we won't be back and will tell all our friend to stay away!
5	This is one Buffet that we love to go to mainly because of the Great food and fantastic service not mention the excellent ambience
3	Season's Buffet at Silverton is always a great value.  The scenery at this buffet is also worth mentioning.  It has a very pleasant, cozy log cabin feel to it.  I have a few staples that I always go with when I'm at Season's.  I definitely love their Hawaiian poke, peel n eat shrimp and assortment of Chinese food.  Their desserts are usually pretty good.  I like their cheesecake and their cookies when they're soft and chewy..sometimes they aren't.  Also, brunch is always fun with their different flavors of champagne.  We always have pretty good, speedy and courteous service from the staff.Although we rarely go unless there's special pricing or we've got a promotional deal of some sort, I definitely enjoy it there when we do go.
4	One of the better locals Buffets.  Too bad the line is always so long.  The deserts used to be better but the rest of the food is still good.  You won't go wrong eating here.
2	This buffet is definitely not the best buffet in vegas. For $17 pp I expected better. The choices were not that great. Even the salad bar was not up to par. The prime rib and mash potatoes were the only thing good they had going for them. The build your own pasta bar didn't even have all options available. Save some money and try another buffet. The Rio buffet is a better option, however it is more costly.
1	My family has been eating at this buffet for years and they have, like the other local buffets have their ups and downs over the years.  I remember when only a few months ago one would be waiting an hour or more in line on a Friday or Saturday night before reaching the cashier, then an additional 20-30 wait to get seated.  Last night (Friday) my wife and I thought we hit our own mega lottery when we saw no line to wait in.  We soon found out why.For the admission cost, using our gaming card, of 2 adults @ $13.99, a minor @ $13.99 and a child @ $6.99 we paid about $49 + added tip.Unfortunately pre-tipping is a double edged sword.  Sometimes your server is more motivated to proved better service because they see you gave them great tip or they figure, mehhh, they got your $ so I don't care at this point.  Well, ours was in the second category..what a slug.  We had to ask for our frigging silverware.  Asked for extra napkins, and no, that does not mean just 1  each for the kids.  Drink refills, empty plate takeaways, don't get me started. The food selection was abysmal!  The crab legs were removed from the buffet and replaced with a made to order bananas foster/cherries jubilee section.  (This is not mentioned on their website incidentally).  The self peel shrimp that shared the crab leg section has moved over to where the sushi was offered near the salad bar.  Yup, you guessed it...no more sushi offerings.Let's see what else did they cheapen out on which is selected in their lower buffet price?  Oh yeah, they offer meatballs in their Italian section, but no pasta for them, yup, there's no pasta offerings at all.  C'mon folks, pasta is a cheap, buffet fill the masses up cheap category.  I fact, the only noodle type offering they had was chow mein.  My kids were disappointed as one of their all time faces at this buffet was the coconut shrimp, which was no longer offered.The guy at the carving station was obviously in a pissed off mood the night we were there: he was literally dropping/throwing the meat on the plates anywhere.  The positives?  Hmmm????  The cabbage rolls were good, the carved beef, (when you recovered from your plate almost tipping over from the asshole chef flopping the meat onto it), the yams, the shrimp, the lemon chicken.  You get the point.So I guess, we won't be returning to this buffet anytime soon.  For the same price, one is better off going to GVR;'s buffet that has a much wider election that is a whole lot tastier and better wait staff too.
1	Wow I am NEVER EVER eating here again. We came here on a Saturday night for crab legs only to find out they stopped serving crab legs in February. Ok fine the other food here seemed ok enough in the past. I was wrong... Everything was dry and over cooked. But that wasn't even the worst part. As I was walking the line I noticed a little boy using his finger to scrap the Mac and cheese serving spoon. So I told the chef that was also walking the line. He looked at the spoon and then proceeded to mix the Mac and cheese with the tainted spoon. Yuck! I then mentioned it to the server who then told the manager. He went and looked at the spoon and then just walked away!!! WTF!?!NEVER.EVER.AGAIN.
3	First off....Show up early... THERE CAN BE A HUGE LINE!!!!  and during specific hours... you can be waiting for awhile!!!!It is pretty big and there are alot of sitting booths.After that, you have a huge selection of food to choose from... I think I ate alot of salad and chicken, shrimp and desserts... the staff i had were very friendly and took away our dirty dishes.Price is moderate for a full on buffet.
5	Came here on a Saturday night. Everything was fresh and delicious. The staff was super friendly and helpful. Plenty of types of food to choose from. Didn't have to fight the crowds like you would on the strip.
2	The service was fine and the food was ok. But in a city known for food and service, ok doesn't cut it. We had to run an errand in the area and decided to grab dinner while we were there. I think we would have been better off saving the money and going back home. There was nothing remarkable about the food. I ate some mediocre dishes that seemed to largely come from frozen. Nothing was horrible, but we will not be going back.  On a friday night, there was no prime rib, no seafood, nothing at all special.  And at $17 per person, I really wish I would have taken a few moments to read reviews before we'd gone in.  I could have had a much better dinner for the same dollar hundreds of other places in the city, literally.  And in the future, I will be doing so.
4	Awesome quality food. Great seafood! Their shrimp actually has shrimp flavor. It doesn't need to be covered in cocktail sauce or it doesn't taste like bad ocean water. I loved loved loved the breaded shrimp. I could eat that stuff all day. It actually is filled with shrimp! And they're big! Delicious.
1	some of the worst service ever, half an hour almost to finally get my drink order so needless to say, ruined the meal.would not recommend because of that
4	I just adore this buffet. They aren't that expensive and their food is very good. Plus, they occasionally have specials and send coupons via snail mail.I went on Polynesian night (on Thursdays) and I was so impressed. They had authentic Hawaiian food, like kalua pig, and even a whole, roasted pig! I was in a tropical food heaven y'all! I also went for lunch on a Monday. The line can get long, so wear comfortable shoes and be prepared to wait it out. They have fruits, salads, a carving stations, and delicious desserts! Go here!
4	Decent value and selectionHad a "free" pass on a players club promotion so used for a lunch upon my departure. Wow what a surprise. There was a variety to choose from and no one station appeared to be overextended (offering something at poor quality just to check off another item on offer.) Salad bar items were fresh and my cooked items were all of temperature. I did arrive shortly after opening so there wasn't time for anything to lay about.Will visit again, and pay out of pocket, on my next LV visit. For the money I enjoy the variety compared to a sit down restaurant especially when with others.
5	Never a disapointment. A well kept secret for those in the know. Check out the various specialty nights on their website. Monday all day $5.00 for Seniors. Always good quality ingredients. Haven't been disapointed yet and they serve Starbucks
4	i recommend dining here during Thursday - Polynesian night! Try the roasted pig / lechon yum yum!
4	I went and ate there with my family! For Fathers day brunch, it was the best... Yummy fried oyster, crab legs you can have your crab legs cold or hot dip in boiling Cajun spice or garlic butter... It was gooood, champagne are served with our choice of syrup ( passion fruit, mango, raspberry, mimosa or Just plain). Chinese, Italian, American and even the dessert was great.. Great price and worthed.  Loved it
5	I got a free buffet for joining their players club and it's probably the best comped thing I got in Vegas this time around. The food was GREAT! I've eaten at the Wynn buffet and Mandalay Bay buffet's but Seasons totally give them a run for their money. Not to get into their menu, but they have just about everything you would want and the ambiance is very nature-like with water fountains and fire. The service is also as great as the food and I'm going to be sure to visit them again next time I'm in Vegas.
4	One of the better, mid-priced buffets in town. Nice ambiance. Its a smaller buffet but the food is very tasty, well seasoned.
4	Tip: Join their player's club and you'll get the buffet for $13.99. I'm weird and one of my favorite meals is steak with salsa and tortillas. Some nice lady carved me big chunks of a roast and I got a handful of flour tortillas, a soup bowl of salsa and went to town. Not the highest quality food, but it was good, and for $13.99 it makes you consider gastric bypass surgery. If I lived in Vegas I think I'd be a much larger person.
2	We had two free buffet passes because we play the slots from time to time. the pizza was good but only cheese peperoini, and vegis to choose from . the green lentil soup was out of sight but out of season. the roast beef was well done i did not par take. the service was good and friendly with promt drink refills. veey welcome to chrildren we have a 1 year old son. the desaert section had a wide selection of pies , but missing mt favorite banna cream. also to my diapointment no sea food to be seen, would i go back, for free yes, if i pay probrly not..
5	Located in the Silverton Lodge Casino, this is one of the best buffets in town. I recommend the specialty nights Cowboy BBQ, and Polynesian Night, neither are particularly authentic, but hey this is a buffet, leave your food snobbery at the door. The food here is always fresh and the prices reasonable. The great thing about buffets is that if you are traveling with a bunch of people there is something at a buffet to please everyone. If you find yourself at the Silverton give the buffet a try. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
1	After a whole slew of problems getting a  hold of someone at Silverton who would book my reservation for my rehearsal night dinner for my wedding at the buffet, I finally did actually book the reservation. I even gave my credit card number to hold the reservation as the guest list for my party was 25 people.We arrive at Seasons on the night of my rehearsal dinner and the incompetent girls at the register know nothing of my reservation. In fact, they point out to me, "We don't take reservations". As I slid into a monumental ball of anger and lost it, yes I really did, lose it on this girl, she finally got the idea I was not joking and got her "manager". Ah yes, to no surprise, and to my chagrin - who was the manager? The woman I booked the reservation through! Since I was about to start peppering this woman with the worst curse words I could think of, my mother and father stepped in and spoke with her. Oh, well our reservation had gotten "lost in the scuffle" of Silverton changing over management styles and who takes reservations for what. WELL THEN - where is my credit card information!? I'd like to know that.Then the lady says, don't worry we are setting up the table now. Okay. What if there had not been enough room in the buffet to seat our 25 person table, what then? As the lady keep apologizing and we march into the buffet with little servers still scurrying around trying to set up our non-existent reservation I am still hopping mad.The food is mediocre. There's a pasta bar - woo hoo. There's hardly any selection of varying ethnic cuisines. The only decent section is the dessert bar. On our night there they were making excellent bananas foster. They didn't comp us. They only apologized after my father insisted they apologize to us for losing our reservation. They still charged us for drinks even though they ROYALLY FUCKED UP.Never again. And I suggest no one ever eat here and definitely don't even attempt to make a reservation ANYWHERE at Silverton - they'll lose it - and your CREDIT CARD NUMBER TOO!
3	The BF and I had new players cards and got free buffet coupons with it a long while back we never used. We decided to do the Bellini Brunch which happens Sat/Sun.The line wasn't terribly long, but it was rather slow. Just doesn't seem too efficient so I am sure $5 days must be ridiculous. Bellinis come in 5 flavors and I tried the raspberry and the passionfruit (they also had a pomegranate, orange, and pineapple I believe) which was decent, but I just didn't feel like having a drunk morning and getting all of the flavors. They have a basic salad station, breakfast food station (with a omelette station), chinese food area, American (with lamb and steamship beef roast carving), Italian station , seafood area (with steamed crab) and dessert (with ice cream station). I didn't try the steamed crab because it was a long line and I wasn't in the mood but the lamb and beef was okay. The surprising standout was salmon that was slightly smoked and served with a creamy dill sauce which was juicy and flavorful. Desserts were pretty meh. I took bites of cakes that werent very good and finally satisfied my sweet tooth more with the cheese blintz from the breakfast area which was good and a scoop of ice cream.Service was pretty decent. The plates were cleared pretty fast and drinks refilled. Overall, it was a OK buffet. Nothing too terrible, but nothing standout. If you aren't here to get drunk or eat so much crab legs you give yourself a allergy then it might not be worth it, but I guess for some $20 isn't bad either. I think I rather spend a little bit more to get a higher quality/ taste ratio to the price.
3	It was an ok selection. You don't pay an arm and a leg with their pricing. Their wait staff are helpful and attentive. We were  actually more satisfied with this buffet than the brunch buffet at Wynn, which didn't have any fresh fruits! Here, our little one feasted on fresh and sweet watermelon non-stop 'till he get tired. All the meat selections were tasty. They have a good balance too with their vegetable selections and dessert. Don't expect seafood here though.
1	Worst buffet ever. And I waited in line for it... The veggie pizza wasn't cooked all the way so was doughy and disgusting. The clams had a disgusting stringy thing in it so I didn't eat any more (looked like hair). The only edible items were the mashed potatoes (can't mess those up) and salad bar. How do you have bad service at a buffet? Seasons manages it! The person who led us to our dirty table was a fat balding woman who didn't greet us, instead jutted her fat arm into the air half way across the restaurant for us to follow. One of the waitresses spilled water all over a customer. I only paid $10 for 2 buffets and it still gets 1 star.
4	**Summary**       - Bellini Brunch - This review will be just on the bellini brunch. I've tried their lunch and dinner, but I much prefer the brunch.       - Crab Legs - They steam up hot crab legs and give them out by the plateful. This makes the Brunch worth it already. There are a couple different dipping sauces (I like Cajun Spices) to choose from (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/h_g5HV6Fw2rinZ3xqFwygw?select=5VpD4EFcZid5P_yFHV4SQg#5VpD4EFcZid5P_yFHV4SQg).       - Champagne - There's a champagne station to grab your mimosas and other brunch drinks.       - Brunch - They have all the regular brunch things like an omelette station, bacon, sausage, country friend ham, eggs benny, waffles, etc.       - Clams - They have steamed clams that are pretty good.       - Cutting Station - They used to have prime rib which was really good, but now they only have roast beef, ham, and lamb.       - Dessert - They have the normal desserts you'd see at a buffet (pies, ice cream, pastries). The two things that they have that others don't are donuts and a chocolate fountain.       - Overall - I come back for the crab legs, clams, and generic brunch items. If you don't like crab legs or clams, there's probably no point in coming here. There are a lot of other brunch buffets with better items.**Price**       - $17.99 with Rewards card - Bellini Brunch - Sundays 9am - 3pm.**Recommendations**       - I'd recommend the Sunday brunch if you like hot crab legs.
1	Have you ever left a buffet still hungry? Well until I ate here this is the first time I can ever say that I have. This place was terrible. The choice of food that was offered wasnt bad until you ate it! Not lying I filled my plate full of the seemingly decent buffet food brought it back to my table and was so disapointed with the flavor. The words my mom use to tell me growing up is right never judge a book by its cover! The food didnt look terrible but man every single bite I took I wanted to puke. I must have filled my plate up four times and left it on the table full of food. The waiterss even asked is everything ok? I told her the food was eaither under cooked or over cooked or had a funky flavor. I gave up on getting the poor quality food from the buffet bar and went to there pasta bar were they make to order hoping for a fresh cooked plate of pasta. I picked what I would use at home to make an awesome Alfredo and gave my plate to the older man who could hardly speak English. After telling him what sauce I wanted he dumped half a bottle of olive oil and water in a frying pan heated the oil and dumped all my fixings in the pan. As I stood there watching him basically deep fry my food he asked what noodle you want yest just like that!! I said fedachinie noodle he said no we no have then he pulls a box out of the cooler under the stove and squeeze a load of spaghetti noodles in his tongs and says this what we have. Um ok that will work. So he throws the noodles in the frying pan and then turns around behind him and fills his spoon with Alfredo sauce dumps it in the pan at lets it simmer. No I didn't miss a step he never drained the gallon of oil! He says ok finished and dumps the slop on my plate oil and all. Sorry I usually tip but not this guy! I bring the plate back to my table thinking it cant be that bad I'm hungry and need to eat!! I sat down dug my fork into the noodle and took one bite and spit it back out on my plate! I can not tell you how nasty it was. After inspecting my plate my wife says holy crap babe look at all the oil separating from the sauce on your plate. It made me sick so yet another plate left. On to the deserts now I was done trying to get a hot meal maybe they have some pie or ice cream or something. Yeah just like everything else every pie looked like it was a week old and there cream things just looked that things. I'm very surprised that this place was the worst buffet ever. I mean it looked like it was an upscale place. You look around and you feel like your dining in an expensive restaurant I dont get it.
1	Say Neigh to the Silverton's Seasons Buffet!I went to the Seasons buffet for Christmas.  The cost was $58.00 for two people.  The food was okay until I had the prime rib.  It had a very gamely flavor.  On closer inspection I realized that there was no marbling and the fat was a very bright yellow.  They were serving horse meat and passing it off as beef!  When I pointed it out to the server, one of the hostesses came over to speak with us.  She offered to bring out the chef, but I told her it was unnecessary.  I had horse meat years before and never forgot the look or taste.  She took our comment card and we saw her throw it away.  We did another and turned it in to the cashiers desk.  Funny thing, as we left we noticed that they had changed out the horse meat prime rib and was now serving beef!
3	Came here on polynisian night cause we all got the free buffet via Reward card (otherwise it would have been $21.99). Spacious and not overly crowded.Excellent - Kalula pig and kalbi Beef (so tender, juicy and delish!), Cheese RavoliGood - Chicken Noodle Soup,Ok - Poki, Tomato Bisque, Japanese Salad, Mint Chicken wingsMeh - Dumpling soup - the dumplings were too doughy and not much filling.Icky -Flower Egg Drop Soup, Luau pig was too dry and the skin was NOT edible.
1	First off I'd like to say I've read a lot of the reviews for this place especially the newer reviews so I knew what we were getting into. With that being said I was still hoping to walk out and not feel guilty for blowing 50 bucks on dinner. Ofcourse it didnt work out that way. I still feel bad the next day. The only thing that saves me from getting really pissed was that we got to see the mermaid swim around in the huge aquarium in the casino area. She put on a great show so it was worth it in that respect.  I gave the place a star because at least the drink lady was nice to us. She seemed to be the only one actually working. The other buffet staff were just rude. I could even hear them complaining because we asked for a booth. That really pissed me off! I got a players card before we went to the buffet to get a slight discount. We still ended up paying $13.99 per adult. The kicker is they charged my 8 year old son adult price! I almost lost it. He hardly eats anything...well not like an adult anyway. They did charge my daughter half price because shes 6 years old. I assume she'll be an adult when she hits 7...lol. What a joke.  So the food flat out sucks. Most of the food tastes microwaved and even some stuff feels like its from the day before. Their wonton with crab was hard as a rock. I did like their bbq ribs. That was about the only thing that was decent. The guy cutting the rib roast was just hilarious. The first time I went to get a slice he gave me a paper thin slice. It was so tiny I thought he was joking but then he walked away... So I went back later to get another slice and I told him to give me a thick slice. Son of a b*tch gave me the same sized slice. So I asked for another slice. Bastard gives me another thin slice then he walks away. I was wondering if I was on some kind've hidden camera show or something. But after talking it over with my wife we came to the conclusion that they probably are told to only give small slices out because the one roast they have probably has to last the whole night. Just lame! So this place isn't worth it. For the same money other casinos have way better buffets and the quality is so much higher.
4	Only here because of free voucher comps. Note my first choice in Vegas!  Went back 2 weeks later and really had a nice meal.
1	We got a $75 free dinner coupon so we went.  Thanks so much it was free.  -food was not hot.-buffet area was not very clean considered we went it as it opened at 4:00pm.-the quality and the taste were just meh...-not a lot of option.My husband got the $5 all you can drink wine/beer/cocktail though, I guess it was what worth...It was funny that that evening we came home, we got another free dinner at seasons buffet again, I don't think we would go though even it was free so now you know how bad it was...
2	This buffet isn't really "bad" but I don't think I'd come here without a promo or comp.  A lot of the food is very greasy and while the serving stations look like there should be a huge variety, a close look shows just a few small pans.I've been here 3 times and the selection doesn't really change, the dessert station is solid with an assortment of simple items like pie, cookies and ice cream with a few "fancier" cake like items.I normally ask for 2 glasses of whatever drink I order because I've gotten burned here before with waiting a long time for refills.  That being said, I've had worst, but I doubt I'll come back unless it's a free or reduced price.
4	Went here during a recent vacation for lunch.  It was $11.95 a person and there were a ton of food options.  A pasta station where you could pick your own ingredients and choose a noodle and sauce to have it made, a large salad bar, Asian (no sushi), Mexican food, fresh sliced turkey, ham, roast, and a large dessert bar.  Definitely worth the money.  The large aquarium in the casino is great for kids, both times we have been here someone is in the tank cleaning.
2	I went to this buffet on a Sunday.  The price was too high for what it was.  Crab legs was the main attraction.  They are so small, its not worth working for your food.  HOWEVER, I must say I thought I was in heaven when i tried the bread pudding that was in a throw away foil cup that sat on a hot table.  I can't describe how delicious this was!  wow!!!!
1	Had better buffets! Luckily this was free! My friend got a coupon in the mail and he invited me to come, my guess it is Hawaiian nite, being that there were many Hawaiian dishes, food was just okay but the most worrisome thing was that there are no dedicated serving utensils for each dish, and you have to use the same utensil for serving multiple items, I have a allergy to shrimp, and at the pasta area, the lady used the same spoon to ladle each ingredient, they have shrimp and clams to make pasta and the same spoon was used for garlic, cheese, onions etc , I told her I had allergies and she said it was fine, and continued making my dish, after 1 taste my mouth became itchy and irratated! My allergy is not as bad as some people's , so I have to wonder how many people they have injured or made sick due to this lack of basic food safety techniques??? If u have any allergies I would highly recommend staying away from here! Such a shame, you can tell they spent alot of money on decor ,because it is very nicely decorated but , I think they should have spent the money teaching their employees basic food safety !! Well I'm off to get some , benedryll!! Be warned!!
2	Had lunch at season's buffet in silverton casin salad bar was good. Did care for marinara sauce that I had with spaghetti. NONE of the desserts were any good. Had good iced tea & good service. My husband liked the beef & green beans, mashed potatoes, so don't get Italian food. Ham was good but barb b que sauce no good he said..
1	I took my sister her for a late Mother's Day celebration, what a mistake! Very disappointing, they advertised crab legs and lamb, they had neither! The manager told me it was because it became too expensive... for a casino that makes millions in profits?? C'mon, that is false advertisement, its the 21st century, how hard is it to update a website? Potatoes were not fresh but prepared from frozen (tasted frostbite), eggrolls stale, no selection of fruit and presentation was horrible! GREEN VALLEY RANCH FEAST BUFFET is 10 minutes away, should have gone there! Never again Silverton Seasons Buffet, save yourself the trouble and go elsewhere!
1	The Sunday brunch is disappointing! They don't have crab legs or lamb! Everything pretty much tasteless. Definitely not coming back here. Eggs Benedict eggs are not cooked all the way. See in picture. The egg whites are not cooked.  Soggy waffles, hard french toast, weak coffee, and staff acted like we were bothering them when asking for more drinks.
5	either I was hungry or this place is really good. All the food I had was perfect , the egg rolls where crisp , the steak they served was tender , the pad thai wasn't too spicy and all you can drink wine for $5 . I only paid 10.99 which is not bad , I usually would pay more at a nasty denny's .
1	Disgusting.  Over cooked, dry, tough ribs. Frozen and wilted vegetables.  YUCK! NOT WORTH the $.
3	A nice, little buffet in the Silverton, it's great place to come with a prom or comp. Simple but effective menu~ somethings are really great and others are just typical or ok. Had not been here for awhile, but we saw an ad for bogo and decided to try again. Glad we did as they have a new executive chef who has revamped the menu and added some more interesting and fresh items. For example, the deep fried tofu salad with chilli and the keifer lime stir fry chicken. Can't go wrong with a selection of roasted vegetables (jalapenos and garlic included) or the fresh shrimp and cocktail sauce. All in all (bogo - $7.50 a person), if you make wise choices, you can get a great meal.
3	July Tue/Wed BOGO...that's a good deal that's close to home.  Kids r satisfied and the rest of us had cocktails.  If you are an adult, do not go sober...the ratings will decline as the sobriety increases.If you pay full price-2 Stars, but for $8 its okay.
3	I've been to Seasons several times and it's OK.  They generally have something that grabs my attention and there's something that wants me to take away a star.  When we ate here Sunday, that stayed as usual.  The grilled vegetables were very good.  I always like their roasted garlic pieces, but this night, the roast beef was cooked until the cow could walk no more.  It was deep, deep brown.  Overcooked completely!The spicy tofu in the Asian section was very good and the deserts rounded out the evening on the plus side.  I had some peach ice cream and a piece of carrot cake.  A nice way to end a meal.The service was very good.  There weren't very many people in the restaurant Sunday night so the servers were stretched to the limit.  I'll come back here and I'll find something quite good again and something that I avoid or isn't quite as good.  The place has lost some of the luster it had when it first opened.
5	The seasons buffet has some great food, for a great price. The host and waitress are nice and friendly.  They have specials on weekends although its a bit pricey its worth it. I would recommend eating there anytime during the day..breakfast lunch or dinner.
2	Guess I forgot that I already thought this place sucked 2yrs ago. My friend had a $25 dining credit, so it ended up costing about $5 for 2ppl. With that in mind, yes it was totally worth it. Actually even for the $14 full price it was an ok deal since it includes soft drinks, dinner and dessert. I cant think of even one thing that stood out as good - everything we tried was pretty mediocre, bordering on bad. Even the ice cream doesn't look like real ice cream anymore - they seem to have switched to dairy dessert stuff. For people that work in casinos - it's about the same quality level as employee dining (that isn't a good thing)You're better off paying twice the amount for a better quality buffet on the strip. For reference, the Main Street buffet is much better than this.
1	If I could give this place zero stars I would.  My husband and I had three free dinner vouchers which was perfect since we were staying three nights.  We ate the first night and the food was not very good.  Both of us had a hard time finding things that we actually liked.  We thought that maybe it was due to it being kind of late and decided to give it a second try the next day, especially since it was free.  About an hour or so after we ate both of us had major upset stomachs.  So the second day we went earlier, but it was the same story.  Neither of us could really find anything that was very good and my husband only made it half way through dinner before he had to run to the bathroom.  I'm not saying it was food poisoning because it could have just been that the food didn't agree with our stomachs, but we complained to the managers and instead of pretending like they cared (because I know they really don't but its their job to at least pretend like they do) they tried to blame it on the half a hamburger my husband ate at HIS OWN WORK before we left for vegas (my husband is the manager at his restaurant) and they never apologized.  I only asked for one thing from the managers and it wasn't free nights at the hotel or anything.  The only thing I asked for was if they could comp us some pepto bismol from the guest shop and they wouldn't even do that.  We ended up spending most of our vacation in the bathroom and even went home a day early.  So to sum it up, don't even eat there if it's free.  IT'S NOT WORTH IT.
2	Went Thursday Jan 16 2013 as it was buy 1, 1 free with players card. A hassle to get as when waited in line found out you had to print out a coupon! What's with that as they advertise 2 for 1 with players card but I guess they want to make you jump through hoops! While the selection & variety is not  overwhelming (no fried chicken?) the positives are: friendly efficient staff, good salad bar selection, tender turkey (didn't try the beef), peel & eat shrimp, enough selection to entice you. Too bad there is no more wine or beer ad on available. Just average or below average but worth it if you get a discount.
2	Been here several times, never too impress of the selection of food... First time at sunday brunch,, real disappointment, nothing to write home about, lucky for me I did not pay full price, as i held a $11 food credit, next time I will just use it at cafe(it is also pricey there too to eat).. I must say the server was very prompt on drinks and checking to see of we were ok...Spend a few $$ extra and venture down the road to the M Casino (studio B buffet)
1	This place was awful. The food was subpar. We aren't that hard to please but when the food is low quality and over cooked it's a recipe for disaster. Luckily the omelette station was fresh but everything else was horrible. Save your money and go somewhere else. Even McDonalds breakfast would have been better
5	Ok, now that I have eaten here I must say I am coming back. It's not often you get excited about buffet food but between the quality and the price, I'm sold. We had the buffet at the Mirage 2 nights ago and it was twice the price, not as good and not as comfortable.
4	Friday night Seafood Buffet at this local's buffetis is very good. Hot and cold crab stations with plenty of other excellent choices. The clam chowder was mislabeled as Manhatten instead of New England so it's good that I am nosy, it was great. The desert selection was a bit sparse but adequate. It's been awhile since I've visited the Silverton, it won't be as long until next time.  I have to admit that I had a twofer from the Las Vegas Advisor so it tasted even better at half the $23.95 regular price.
1	i enjoy the  spinach salad with fresh shrimp.. pizza was good too.  Some of the help is good some not good especially the people responsible for the food, last week i asked fir a slice of beef and the guy cut a huge..bloody piece that was 80% fat and put it on top of all my other stuff... could not believe it!  then ive seen them serve rotten spinach until i complained, also take a utensil that had the handle in the food bowl pick it up wipe with rag and put back into food... grossed me out and totally against health regulations, the bowl of contaminated food should have been thrown out.
3	I went for lunch for the first time.  They are only open for lunch and dinner with brunch on the weekends.   My friends had vouchers for $10 free food from swiping their player cards.  They were located in the Silverton Casino in Las Vegas.  The decor was nicely done.  The tables and booths were spacious and it was easy to get to your table.The selection of food was limited, but presented well.  The taste of the food was average.  The desserts were okay with a few sugar-free options.I would return only with a food voucher.
3	It's definitely lacking a lot not the best in vegas but not the worst. Needs to step it up it's not even a 3 star buffet it's really more of a 2 star buffet food is not even close to any of the others
4	Great prices and the food is always amazing. Pretty good variety, been here over 10 times and have never had a bad experience.
3	Not an awesome buffet but pretty good value.  Spent $12 each for lunch. Solid lunch.Food: 7/10Ambiance: 7/10Service: 7/10Cleanliness: 7/10
3	We came here on a Monday evening for the AYCE dinner buffet. Seems like Seniors get 50% on Mondays. We got a BOGO for $15.12 (2 buffets). AYCE comes with soda refills.- Come around 6-7pm, You'll be in line for a while. - I've eaten here a few times before, and their players card is pretty lenient with giving half-priced buffets. After a few rounds at the tables, I usually get a free buffet, or sometimes BOGO. They have a BOGO on the Casino Guide too. - In retrospect, I should have just used the BOGO for their new and improved Polynesian buffet, Saturdays from 4-9pm. The list looked great! All the favorites, including poke. Definitely going to come back for that! - Anyway, I usually get their chicken noodle soup and the salad. Better than Sweet Tomatoes in terms of soup. Their chicken noodle broth and chicken are great. Noodles are actually macaroni. Haha. Their salads have baby corn. That a premium veggie at ST. haha. - I don't get the Asian food much, since it takes worse than a cheap Chinese buffet, but I haven't had it in a while, so I decided to delve into it. The Sinapore noodles were like a spicy pancit, which I liked. Get the Wanton soup and Lemon chicken. - They have a chef making pasta for you, but I passed this time around. Typically, it's a bit too wet for my liking. Drenched with sauce. - Get the mussels, clams and shrimp. Goes out fast. - Service was quick. - Feast buffet has more of a Variety. But for about $8 a person, with a coupon, It's a good deal when you got it!
1	Went here today for a dinner. So DISSAPOINTED! They took out the seafood night on friday and changed it to harvest night! What the heck is harvest night??? So I was curious and ate inside with my roomate. So then saw the food , tried it then boom! Worst dinner ever! Im not satisfied on what they have, food was gross, uncooked chicken and salmon. Last time we were here me and my roomate were amazed and do like the food. But now that I just found out that they change the chef too, the food was changed too! Its a big no no for me and 19$ something is not worth it, id rather go to a fastfood and get a dollar burger.
2	The only reason to eat at this buffet is because you are given a food credit or a free buffet coupon.  It is just ok...but most if not all the food is just out of a can.  Hint...try the pasta bar for fresh watch it be made pasta.  Ask for shrimp as it is behind the counter.  Never pay full price and you will be a happy camper!
5	Silverton's Saturday Polynesian Buffet has all the entrees any Hawaiian would crave for. Don't let Polynesian fool you, because it really is Hawaiian. Their food stations stretch out across the whole dining room wall. I loved their poke, tako poke, kim chee, laulau, poi, kalua pig, and desserts. The tako poke and kim chee were so spicy HOT, after my first bite my tongue was numb. For all that's available the price is very reasonable. Sure did satisfy my 'opu. Mahalo nui Silverton.
1	I have another buffet to add to the list of "never again." The Seasons Buffet has great curb appeal and decent prices but that's where the good news stops. I walk up and down the line three times before I found something that looked edible. ALL of the food was drab and unappealing. I tried food ranging from the shoe leather turkey to the eight year old sweet and sour pork and each trip was worse the the other. Even the deserts were tasteless. I tried the pumpkin pie and the carrot cake. It's a sad day when there is no difference between the two. Our waiter came by three times to check on us, each time asking if I would like a refill on my iced tea. I said yes please three times and yet never had it refilled even once. This was one of the worst buffets I have ever been to. Don't let this review detour you. Give it a try, but go into it with your level of expectation being pretty low.
2	Very disappointed in the turn this buffet has taken.  I've eaten there probably 50+ times (four times in the last two weeks) and in the last few months it has just become OK as opposed to a place I'd want to eat.  My biggest disappointment is that they have removed the beef brisket from the line up.  It was always my favorite and one of the most flavorful tender briskets I've had.  That was the main draw for me, as with many of my friends.  Now I've been told by Silverton that they have brisket every day.  I'm not sure what they think brisket is, but what they are serving is roast beef.  I'm from the South and I know my brisket.  What they are trying to pass off as brisket is actually a cut of meat from hind quarters of the cow as opposed to a flat cut from the breast section.  Brisket can be flaked apart with a fork, as opposed to having to be cut with a knife the way the roast beef they are serving has to be.  Also, it used to be a much wider variety of food on various days, now it is the same thing every day!  The only thing that seems to change up is the Asian section.  I asked to talk to a manager tonight, right after we arrived.  I explained how much I loved their brisket and asked when and if if would ever be back.  She said she would talk to the Chef and let me know what she found out.  She never came back.  I was recently traveling for 10 weeks, so I wasn't in during that time, but if I recall correctly, things started changing before I left.  I was told that they had a new chef, and I'm not sure I'm pleased with some of the changes.  It was perfect before, why change what isn't broken.I sure hope I don't have to take Seasons Buffet off my recommended list.
3	Seasons Buffet is okay. It's not the best buffet I've ever been to, but it is decent enough that I don't mind coming back here from time to time, especially when a family member has a free buffet coupon to use.I know it's silly, but I love that Seasons has honey mustard as one of its salad dressing. It's my favorite salad dressing and I don't often see it at other buffets. The food itself is good, nothing fancy or life changing, but good. You can order a plate of custom pasta from the pasta counter which is nice and there's always enough food that I like. There is also plenty of food that looks greasy and unappetizing to me.The dessert counter is where Seasons Buffet fails though. For as often as I go to Seasons, I find a lot of their cookies and cake slices dry and difficult to eat. Only once did I find a moist cake to eat, their Boston Cream cake, and I was so surprised.Like I mentioned before, Seasons Buffet is okay. I'd recommend only coming here either if you have a food coupon or it's Polynesian night and you want to spend $19.99 for all you can eat poke.
5	Great place to eat simple and clean always fresh foodexcept Mondays is way to busy to enjoy.... Seems like they bus the gray hair in then got to fight it out inside ......!any other day easy to get in and not that expensive we come at least once a month...... Yummy
3	Sunday Champagne Brunch was okay. The food was so-so; nothing spectacular and nothing rememberable. Drink as much champagne as you are willing to get up to get. They will not serve you alcohol at your table.
3	I come here when I get a buy one get one free in the email, comes to around $8 a person...good value for dinner.Very good: Fish tacos made to order, egg drop soupStay away from: The carving station; My table knife would not cut that piece of meat.The desserts are 2-star.The line can be long on those buy one get one free days...be prepared to wait at least 45 minutes...
4	The buffet is still a great value for the price. Unfortunately, it was very packed this time around. There were several dozen people there who were a part of a timeshare type of gathering. It was annoying to have to listen to sales pitch after sales pitch when I was trying to enjoy my meal. Maybe they could have had this group segregated in a certain section of the restaurant to avoid disturbing the rest of the restaurant.
5	Ok,So I know what your thinking 5 stars really?? But I'm here to tell you they are indeed worth the 5 stars I gave them.. Listen people if you want the Balligo then GO THERE.. But you if want something reasonable and actually good then come here..We went during lunch and luckily got in right before it bacame packed and yes it was buy one get one half off or free.. Trust me it was a great time all the food was seasoned good and there was something for everyone and trust me I'm kind of a picky eater some would say, but I loved the choices they had ..The staff was friendly and so was the manger that was there making sure everyone was seated and that the food was hot and ready.. And she spoke to everyone ..I get some of you have a bad time time at this place and I'm sorry about that but for I can say from my visit there I had a great time, service was good and the food was great.. I will def. will come back again maybe next time for Dinner..See you there..
1	Polynesian nightI enjoyed the made-to-order pene pasta with clams and pesto - pasta is probably available every night. Very hard to figure out the available choices. I also enjoyed some of the whole pig - probably only available on Polynesian night. The kalua pig was good.The prime rib was tough, dry (even mid-rare), and full of gristle. How can a kitchen ruin prime rib? A lot of items look to be "take from freezer, heat, put out." Mostly, I found myself trying a couple bites before leaving it on the plate in hopes of finding something good.Ice cream was soft and airy - not smooth and creamy. The pies were almost tasteless. People behind the buffet counter looked exhausted and completely unhappy to be there. While not busy (first clue at 7:30 on Saturday night), I waited 30 - 120 seconds before getting the attention from a worker at the pasta and prime rib stations.$55 for two with tip, so very expensive for what you get.
4	Great place to eat simple and clean always fresh foodexcept Mondays is way to busy to enjoy.... Seems like they bus the gray hair in then got to fight it out inside ......!any other day easy to get
3	So let me start off with a basic fact about me...I am NOT a buffet person!  I will NEVER, EVER  suggest we go to a buffet.  I only go when I am outnumbered or when family is visiting. So take this review as you may.  I went here for the first time this week since I had family staying at the Silverton.  I have eaten at many of the restaurants there and have always been happy, so I was aware of the food quality level and just went with it.  It started off with us in a short line to pay and be seated.  Even though it was a really short line, it took over 25 minutes to get a table.  I'm not sure why, because there were a lot of open tables that I could see and they seemed to be adequately staffed, so I am not sure where the disconnect was.  So that just put me in a bad mood because I was pretty hungry.  Just a warning for y'all, when I get hungry, throw a cracker or something at me because I turn into that girl from the Exorcist when I am starving.  YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED.Next up, the food.  I was actually surprised how many sections they had available.  There was a soup and salad bar, pasta bar, pizza, American comfort food, Chinese, Mexican, roasted/grilled meats, and a dessert bar that included freshly made ice cream.  It wasn't a huge buffet, but i found plenty of items that looked and tasted pretty good.  No, it wasn't as big as the World Buffet at the Rio or fancy like the Wynn, but it was ok for what it was.  So yay for that surprise!The service across the board was hit or miss.  Our table server was very nice and on her game.  She did great.  The hostesses were all a bit grumpy.  Some of the chefs behind the food counters were not happy to be there, but the chef at the meat craving station was just adorable.  The chef in the dessert section was happy.  So it was a little all over the place.So Seasons is an average buffet for Vegas quality.  If you are a buffet person and in the area, it is an ok place.
3	We came for the polynesian night and got the buy 1 get 1 buffet free coupon. $20 for 2 people. The wait was long during 5pm. The staff were not very accommodating to the "regular" folks that already paid while still waiting online for seats, the staff were instead saving a large sections of the tables for VIPs members (who I might add wasn't even there at all)Got in, started looking around and found that it didn't offer a lot. Pig was served (always get the skin), poke tasted a bit bland, the chicken wing in sauce was probably the best item there. Everything else was mainly vegetables and offers very little of other cuisine. The dessert was the worst display ever-- very little offering, disgusting stale looking desserts, and ice cream suck big time.Not worth my time.
5	This review is for the wonderful Lunch buffet.  I would rate this buffet as the best in Las Vegas for lunch and I tried many of them.   Unbelievable deal for $9.99 with a players card.There is so much great stuff to eat at this buffet.  Made to order fish tacos were excellent and a big reason to come here.   The roast beef was the best I have ever had.   The grilled veggies are great!   The Chinese food is even on point and not greasy -  great flavor sand prepared perfectly which is a surprise for a buffet.The atmosphere is excellent with beautiful high end decor with elements of fire, water, earth, and nature abound.   The booths are super large and comfortable.    You feel good eating here.The waitstaff is good and attentive, but maybe have too many tables.   They provided the best service possible given the number of tables they served.
5	I was surprised by the low rating this place received.  My husband and I thought the selections were impressive for an off the strip casino.  The price was very reasonable and everything we tried tasted good.  We'll be back.
5	Best fish tacos ever!!! that it self was worth it!!! I've had many Mexican fish tacos and that was the best!!! Not that expensive too unlike a lot of others buffets on the strip or casinos. The aquarium and bassproshop are beautiful as well!
2	Room is nice....food....not much of a variety for a buffet.  The shrimp cocktail and cappuccino ice cream were the highlights.  Had trouble getting a server to bring us drinks....
1	The buffet line is ridiculous. There is no separate handicap line. Twice while walking around the staff bumped into me, normally would not bother me so much but I am 6.5 months pregnant. Both times, neither one of the staff bothered to say sorry or excuse me. The person clearing our tabled kept reaching directly over my face to clear the plates and almost spilled food on me, plus he kept getting our drinks wrong. the food is not very good. I barely ate what I had on my plate. They wouldn't have gotten 1 star from me.
1	Yuck....would have been really upset had I paid for this. It's like cafeteria food. I love the resort and casino, but this buffet is not good.
4	On Wednesday night my wife and I have now eaten here 3 times and each time it improves. Clean environment, drinks are served quickly, food is above average. It's a big and fun location and the Price is Right! My favorite was the Asian cuisine and mint and chip ice cream!!
3	I visited on a Sunday evening on my way home from the airport. I was cool to be in the same location as the bass pro shops. They charged me 17.99 for the buffet. It was about. 7:15 pm. The place was maybe half full. The food selection was I thought very limited. The Asian area had noodles and fried rice. Lemon chicken which was very dry and over cooked. There was 3 soups. The egg drop was Luke warm. Didn't finish my bowl. The crab wonton were so over done. I took 4 and only ate one. This is usually one of my favorite. Moved over to try the Italian area. Tried the stuffed manicotti which I thought was good. I should have put more sauce over them  a bit that was my bad. The clam chowder was very good.  They had fried catfish nuggets and planks. They were good.   I had a slice of pizza and it was really tasty.  The desert table was delicious. I ate 3 different cup cakes. They were moist and delicious. I really wanted to try this place,which I am glad I did , but I don't think I would go back or recommend this place. There are several other restaurants located there and you may save a little bit of money and get better food.
5	Great buffet lunch great price great food highly recommend the buffet it's $9.99 great deal.
5	Very good,  with a terrific assortment.  Get the players card if you don't already have one. The discounts very but it's worth something toward a  better priced  buffet.
5	I saw the reviews which were 50/50 but my family and I LOVED it. It was smaller than some but the food was really good! The desserts were amazing! They had every kind of cake and pie, great choices of ice cream and even a sorbet; cheesecake, red velvet cake and pound cake!  From The salad station to every station, Italian, Asian, Mexican and things in between. For $16 it was definitely great! We loved the very flavorful pizza, great bok choy, excellent chili Colorado, chicken seemed to be rotisserie, Mac n cheese taste like it came from the dirty, dirty south....YUM! We didn't expect much with the reviews so maybe that's why we're soooooo impressed! For a family of 5, it was well worth the BOGO deal! Also our server Annette was working hard and just a gem! Thank you Annette!
4	This review is specially for the Polynesian/Hawaiian themed night which runs for dinner on Saturdays. First off, one should be aware that the special dinner nights (Friday and Saturday) are slightly higher in cost (19.99 versus 13.99 on Sun - Thurs with player's card discount). But boy, what a spread this is! And all you really need to do is look around and see Hawaiians everywhere to know that this is the place to be for an awesome Saturday night buffet. I'm sort of a neophyte when it comes to this style of food but with the vast selections of seafood (no crab legs though) and even sushi, this was a good deal. And since we were able to use a 2 for 1 coupon, it quickly became a great deal! I'd eventually like to come back to see what this buffet is like on a non themed night but judging from the great ambiance and high quality, I'm not the least bit concerned about leaving disappointed.
4	Very nice Bellini brunch. This is truly a hidden local secret. Took my in laws and great Grammy there on a Saturday around 11am. There wasn't a whole lot people no line at all. The whole staff from the cashier girls to the servers and the manager were so so nice. Please bring some tip money to tip your bar Bellini tender especially Anne she was the nicest person ever and she makes the best drinks. If you have a rewards card up to four people gets to eat for $17.99 unlimited Bellini or soft drinks included. Of not it only $19.99 and for that price food was not bad at all. Not gourmet food but good food for a buffet. Also the atmosphere was really nice and the Resturant was clean. Beautiful decor and comfortable seating in a large space. It was totally worth it and on Saturday nights they have the same deal for a Polynesian dinner. That I will come back to try. For a local spot it is a good deal!
4	whether it is lunch or dinner, seasons buffet is always a good value.  I love getting fish tacos during lunch.  for the price of a 3 fish taco plate at a place like wahoo's, you can enjoy 3 fish tacos plus the rest of the entire buffet for the same price!!!  salad bar has all your typical fix ins.  there is a pasta bar which you can create your own tasty concoction.  there is Italian with pizza and pasta.  the Chinese section has 2 soups and favorites like orange chicken, pot stickers, and Singapore noodles.  there is a carving station that had beef brisket and corned beef.  my mouth is water just thinking about the food.  and this is just lunch!!!Polynesian buffet is another story.  you've got lau lau, tako poke, ahi poke, chicken long rice, roast pig, haupia, lomi lomi salmon, poi, the list goes on and on.  and for $20 you can't beat the price.  if i am having a craving for Hawaiian, you will find me here on Saturday night!!!
2	Mediocre at best. Most food was dried out and sitting under the heat lamps too long. Glad my experience was free- from a club promotion I earned in July. I wouldn't go again. Salad bar was the best part. Spinach and strawberry salad was the highlight. Desert ok. Most signs did not match food.  For example: The "fried chicken" was roasted and dried out. Fried pot stickers were steamed. Drinks were so slow. I had two cokes. I was by myself. And it took 15+ minutes for my first one. I already had eaten most of my salad before it came. Very minimal offerings. Pasta bar (dry dry dry). What I assume was supposed to be Asian bar. Had lemon chicken, spring roll, dry noodle, etc. Prime rib was tough. Just not impressed. Small and dinky. Blah service. Dry food. I went on Friday August 22, 2014.
5	I really enjoyed this buffet. I think the price is worth the food. My husband and I have been to dinner and brunch here and enjoyed every time we went. It has a good selection of Italian food, seafood, Asian food, BBQ section as well as salad bar and desserts. On sunday morning they have a brunch with a champagne mimosa bar, which is awesome. It not just job and champagne but they have a mango mimosa as well as pomegranate ones as well. Some of the highlights there would be the grilled vegetables. Really delicious and  their creamy polenta. I also liked their mussels and clams as well,really delicious.
2	The food was very mediocre. Most of the food was very greasy and bland. Many of the Asian dishes such as the lemon chicken were undercooked. The only decent part of the buffet was the desserts. I don't think the food here is worth it for the price. I suggest another buffet instead of this one when going to Vegas.
4	We haven't been disappointed yet. Varied menu. Desserts are better than most Casino Buffets.I was satisfied for low carb items. The grilled veggies are alright. The oil that is used to grill them, always has a rancied taste for some reason.The cashiers, hosts, and dining room staff are almost always courteous, friendly, and attentive. Out of ten visits, we had one server give us an attitude when we asked if we could order beverages while half way done with our plate.We will go back. The prices are a good deal.
3	Well I've been here several times now for the Polynesian night  and I have to say that the food is good for the price. That being said, I only go when I have the two free buffets  promotion (with the Silverton Rewards Club  Card) and with only two people... so yeah, it's really worth it. A lot of items are hit or miss but overall I can't complain and it has actually gotten better each time I go. There usually  isn't much of a wait and the food is always hot and generally fresh.  If you haven't tried it in a while, wait for the promotion and try it again after all free food is better than.. well okay.. it's free food, deal with it.  For the rest of the review, keep in mind that we brought two teens with us that took our price from free to just over $40 before tip. Also, this review is ONLY for the Polynesian night.Now, for what's good. Their tuna poke seems to occupy a considerable portion of my plate each time. The giant roasted pig freaked the kids out but whatever, they think McDonalds rules the world so they don't count. The roasted pig is very good every time I have it. There was also some salt and pepper pork that seriously made an impression on everyone at the table including the grumpy, texting teens. There were a couple of soups that were really good especially the one over by the sushi that had the clear noodles. I don't remember the name but it looked so nasty that I just had to try it and to my surprise it was actually very good. The Wonton soup was very good as well. The mashed potatoes and bowtie pasta were great. I even had a couple pieces of a spicy tuna roll that didn't offend me as sushi on a buffet can often do.  Also, the peel  and eat shrimp was good but naturally should have been fail proof one would think.  The oysters are usually decent enough except for the fact that they ran out of them by 4:45pm. We arrived at 4:30pm and they open at 4pm and I didn't even get one. Not cool. I stood there and watched as the guy in front of me filled up two plates until there were none left. I was impressed with his lack of consideration for the line of  people behind him and yet jealous at the same time.  The empty space was replaced with clams that had something on them that I wasn't all that impressed with.  The clams were fresh but the topping just ruined it for me, not my thing I guess. Some misses were believe it or not the macaroni and cheese. Bad enough to spit out. Same  goes for the macaroni  salad and popcorn shrimp. Just bad. Like take it off the buffet entirely kinda bad. No really. Now for the prime rib. Usually it is pretty good. This last time was different. It was cooked entirely rare and if anyone wanted it cooked differently it was sliced and put on a grill to be cooked to their liking. As I watched cooked slices being handed off to other customers it looked like nothing more than a bad steak. I opted for mine rare as I generally like it. Unfortunately I couldn't even eat that. I felt really bad having to leave an excellent  cut of meat on my plate. It just felt wrong.Overall, the food (on Polynesian night)was good enough to go back, when it's free (or BOGO), if you don't bring teens, just happen to be in the area and are in general just really hungry enough to not care.You just need to find what you like and stick with that. Unfortunately this isn't the type of buffet where you walk in and love every single item that they have. I give it three stars only because I know that what is good is really good and that comprises more than half of the buffet. As for the rest of the buffet,  it may be a bit blah but a person can only eat so much anyway. I just go back to the good stuff and that works for me. If I had to pay the regular price of $21.99 I probably wouldn't go. That being said, I have no doubt that I will be returning when my next promotion comes in the mail.
5	We've been here twice this week & we were so pleased to have so many selections & great desserts. We even took friends there tonight. Great value for $
2	Kind of disappointed. We did a search for seafood buffets and the silverton popped up. What a joke. Fish tacos with tilapia and dinky little pieces of dried out catfish. The rest of the food was hit or miss. In my opinion the crate your own pasta bar was the best option they had. Nice atmosphere, and the staff was okay. Helpful,but nothing to swoon over.  I was kind of shocked because I've been to other casinos with a WAY bigger selection. Wait. Im eating the icecream now and it is fantastic. I have changed my mind about the pasta being the best part.
5	An all time favorite buffet for breakfast, lunch, or dinner for the locals. Sign up for the players card for extra savings. The food there is excellent, with many serving stations.The lines into the buffet can be long, so get there early. This is a great place to go for holidays, or for any occasion to share with family and friends. The staff is always friendly, and you will love the desserts!
5	Rarely, can I give a buffet 5 stars; however, this one pleased me, and I would definitely return!First of all, we had two free buffet certificates, which we obtained after spending just $20 on the slots.  (Please note, even at full price ($17.99) this still would have received five stars)We dined at about 12:30PM on a Sunday for the brunch!  This brunch included unlimited Mimosas and Bellini's at the bar, and unlimited non-alcoholic drinks delivered to your table.  The decor of this restaurant (as well as the entire lodge/resort at the Silverton) is absolutely beautiful.  It has that homey, log-cabin, rustic but contemporary feel.  We were seated quickly at a beautiful table by a fire and water feature in the middle of the restaurant.  The buffet stations were spread out, so that it did not seem very crowded.  Our server was friendly and efficient.  The food was magnificent.  Everyone has varied tastes, and of course out of the 100 plus entrees, I would say that 90% of the ones we tried were amazing.  For a buffet, that is excellent.  Everything we had was hot, fresh, and full of flavor.   There were so many breakfast and lunch options.  Desserts were equally as good.  Everything was presented well.  I would most certainly return, and I believe this ranks as my 2nd favorite buffet in Vegas to date.
5	came here only for Polynesian Saturday's and they never fail to satisfy.   21.99 for non-members, 19.99 if you are.   Still a great deal!
5	This buffet has a new chef.  The food here was delicious!  I spoke with the Executive Chef who informed me of the allergens in the food.  He was very helpful. We went today (Thanksgiving) at 2 PM.NAOMI was our waitress, friendly, timely with drinks & personable.  Where did they find her?  She's a keeper!I tried the ham, turkey,  prime rib, mash potatoes, yams, & vanilla ice cream. Everything was so good I had seconds on Turkey,  ham,  mash & yams. Yup, what a wonderful Thanksgiving. Hot,  fresh food!  Thank you chef & your staff. He also told me they had a gluten free menu at Mi Casa. He runs all the restaurants, even the cafe is good now.  Yay!
2	After reading reviews I decided to come here and I was totally disappointed. The only reason this place is 2 stars Vs 1 star is the very polite, make your own, pasta chef. All the food was very bland and the prime rib was dry and tasteless. For the price it is a decent bargain but I would rather spend some more money for better quality of food. The only thing that was tasty was a potsticker I had otherwise there was nothing to even discuss.
4	I've been here so many times it's like going to my home kitchen.  Some days the food is great like during the Polynesian Buffet. Other days it's hit or miss. One thing that I can always count on is the pasta station. Check out the Buffet I'm sure you can something to enjoy.
4	Sunday brunch today! But they open 10am! We are early risers and are usually done with breakfast by then, but today we killed time at Pro Bass Shop doing some holiday shopping. Love the omlete bar! Peel and eat shrimp, salad bar is great, had some left over poke and lomi salmon from their Saturday polynesian buffet. Turkey, beef, cedar plank salmon. Even deserts looked good, I passed them up!Food good, bellini's good, service good!
3	Very subpar. Dessert is good (chocolate cake and fruit tart) but the rest is meh. Kind of worried that I will get worms or sick from the tuna poke.
4	Came here on Xmas Sunday on the way home to LA.  Came here around 1:30pm and there was barely a line.  Only fail is that there was only one cashier and she took forever.  At a normal buffet on the strip, it should have taken 2 minutes max to process customers.  When it was time for me to pay, the cashier asked if I had a players card.  I told her no and she said that it would save me $2 off per person and all I would need is 1 card for the entire party.  Seeing that there was 5 people in our party, it would have saved me $10.  I told her that I didn't want to go get the card as I didn't want to stand in another line.  But she insisted that I get the card.  So I obliged and picked up the card.  Anyways, there was a promo that day that if you play and get 50 points, you get a free buffet.  Too bad I didn't have time as the buffet closes at 2:30 I believe.  The Sunday brunch was a Bellini themed brunch which also served Mimosas champagne & beer all for $18 per person with the players card.  For those of you looking at the whole pig, that's only on Saturdays during the Polynesian themed dinner.  The decor inside is very nice and looked high end.  The food area was clean for the most part, but small.  It's your typical buffet and nothing about it will really wow you.  Some of the food was pretty tasty but for the most part, it's pretty decent.  I really liked the eggs benedict.  It was served in what looks like a cupcake paper liner.  I thought it was a good idea since you don't end up breaking the egg yolk while trying to pick it up like other buffet places where they just put like 12 eggs benedict next to each other and you have to pick it up the right way without the sauce, yolk or ham falling off.  I thought it was one of the better eggs benedict I've had.  The sauce has a touch of lemon tartness and the ham wasn't dry.  The english muffin wasn't hard as a rock either.  The prime rib was overcooked and on the tough side even though it was on the medium side.  The steamed clams was a bit salty but it was flavorful.  I almost forgot, the Posole was probably the best I've had.  It had just the right flavor combination.  Was not bland like a lot of places I've been to here in LA.  There was big chunks of meat and it was tender and not dry at all.  Like most buffets, there were different stations ranging from Chinese to Mexican to American.  Overall I would liked this place as it's not crowded and won't burn a hole in your pockets.  I would like to try their Polynesian nights but I've heard that it can really get crowded.  So come early if you plan on eating here on Saturday.
3	Most months this buffet at the Silverton has one day a week they do BOGO. For Jan it's BOGO Thursday. Sign up for a card at the player's club and the day of the BOGO print out a coupon at the kiosk and head to the buffet. The coupon is only good for that day.Also the same day you sign up for the player's card, play table games and earn just 50 points and you get another coupon for a free buffet to use anytime you want.The buffet is pretty good for $9.99, then factor in the BOGO it's only $5/person. Can't beat that deal, as you can't even get full of of $5 at a fast food place.  There's Mexican food (fish tacos, menudo, pozole, or albondigas soup, ground beef tacos), carving station (roast beef, chicken or turkey, and even their skin fried, ham, grilled veggies), Italian (pizza, pasta), Asian (Pad thai or chow mein, beef and broccoli, egg rolls, Asian soups, string beans), and salad bar. Even for a picky eater, you can make yourself a nice big healthy salad and it will be worth the $5.
