2	I've had dinner here so many times. But more recently it seems that the food quality and friendliness of waiters have deteriorated. The one thing that's consistently great is the bread.
5	My wife and I went for dinner last night. We got there and where told it would be about 11minuites to be seated. It took 4. Our Waiter (Cameron) was there at the table very quickly. He got our drink order and my Wife ask if they had Prime Rib. Cameron said it was running short. He took our order and was back quickly. They where out of Medium Rare Primerib. He brought us menus again and we started over. In a few minutes he was back with a piece of the oven roasted Fillet. We sampled it and decided to go with that. Cameron was on top of the Ice Tea and service was amazing. The manager stopped by to check on things and I expressed how great Cameron was doing. The manager comped our desert and gave me his card. He said call ahead and they would save some Prime Rib in the future for us. This is the best experience I have ever had at any chain restaurant.
4	My wife and I decided on take out tonight and Outback was our choice. We used the online ordering through their website. Blooming onion, 2 orders of babyback ribs, shrimp ceaser salad. Used their curbside service which was quick and easy and took the food home. Unfortunately, in stead of the blooming onion, we had Auhi tuna instead.So back to Outback I went. Talked to Marc the manager, who for my trouble removed the charge of the onion and gave me one for free, told me to keep the tuna and try it and gave me a coupon for another b-onion on my next visit. Wasn't too happy I had to drive there two times in one evening, but was very happy the way the Marc and the staff handled my problem. I would/will eat there again.
5	This is one of the best- run chain restaurants out there.   5 Stars for well run chain restaurant, excellent service, and fresh food prepared exactly as ordered.Had dinner there last night, and am so glad we did.  My daughter had a hankering for a good burger, and when I spotted Outback, I decided that a good steakhouse MUST make a good burger.  Atmosphere:  Clean and welcoming.  The help is very friendly and welcoming.   The young woman who was our waiter was attentive and helpful.  She seemed genuinely happy to be there.Food: hot, fresh, flavorful.  Prepared as requested, nothing sat under a heat lamp.  It was just my husband, my 10 year old and me. The 3 of us shared a couple dinners:-the blooming onion- it was perfect.  -a bacon cheese burger- asked for cheddar instead of the American they showed on the menu.  Next time  you are looking for a KILLER HAMBURGER, go to Outback.  Fries were perfect.-Extra wedge salad-Wedge salad with filet:  This is one of my favorite things on the menu.  People comment about the healthful food choices (or lack thereof); this Wedge Filet salad is one great option.  It is their wedge salad, with a couple slices of filet.  You get the decadent flavors of steak, with the blue cheese and bacon of the salad, but there's not too much of either, so you don't over-do it.  They will do the filet with any other salad if you ask as well.It was a very last minute decision to stop there for dinner; we were dressed a little too casual, but no matter- at 9pm on a Saturday, when a restaurant is not full, I believe they are just glad to get more paying customers in.  We will definitely be back!
5	We've been back for hamburgers-- I know that many head to the Outback for Steaks, but we love their burgers.Cooked (correctly) to order, toppings well prepared, bun buttered and toasted, fries really yummy.  Guilty pleasure fulfilled!And, as always, friendly courteous service.
5	Now I don't hand out 5 star reviews to many establishments.....and I didn't think I would ever give one to a place like Outback Steakhouse.....but it was a divine experience I had there last evening. I took the wife there for dinner because I received a 25 dollar gift card from my employer....so I decided what the heck. There are so many great restaurants located within walking distance of where we live that we have not visited....well now I can take this one off of my list. We went for an early dinner around 5:30pm or so and Tiffany....who was just simply wonderful....was our hostess. If your ever visit this establishment don't hesitate to ask for her....she is very knowledgeable and so very friendly and attentive to all of your needs.So I was pretty hungry and since I have not been to the Outback in years I didn't know what I really wanted. Back in the day I would have ordered the steak with the blooming onion....but since I don't eat red meat now steak was out of the question. Right now they are featuring a Red White and Bloomin menu and 5% of the proceeds go to the soldiers overseas....so I had to order something off of this menu to support them. I had the Chicken and avocado Flatbread which was simply delicious and can be quite filling enough if you don't have a real appetite. I followed that with some New England Clam chowder which was well seasoned.....and I have to tell you I was shocked they were serving it.....because most restaurants only serve it on Friday's, so the fact they had it on a Saturday...was a pleasant surprise.I then had the Chicken and swiss  burger....which was ummmm....ummmmm.....ummmmmm....good. I mean that chicken breast was juicy....... smoked..... and fire grilled to perfection people....wohooo!!!!I then finished off my meal with a stack of waffles with the strawberries....almond cream....and almond shavings sprinkled on top.....DELICIOUS....and this coming from someone who doesn't like nuts of any kind. Now let me mention again I ordered only the Flatbread dish and the Waffle desert off of the Red, White, and Bloomin menu....but they do have more on it....and I encourage you all that visit to PLEASE show some love to our soldiers risking, fighting and dying to protect our nation by ordering at least one item off this special menu that by the way has only been out for 3 days now. My experience at this Outback was truly eye opening I will definitely return and I hope all you visit very soon as well. So until we meet again Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends.
3	5 Star for service 2 stars for food = 3 stars So the mother in law calls and says she has a $50 gift card to Outback and why don't the hubs and I meet her for dinner. I've never been. Its free dinner. We go. Our waiter was super friendly, like beyond friendly...we were kinda making fun of how friendly he was (not to his face). He was super on top of everything. I ordered the New York strip, my go to steak. I asked for it medium to medium well, I like to have some pink. Not only did my steak not have any pink it but it was a bit grey in color :( wah wah. No amount of A-1 sauce could make it edible. Four bites and I was done. I did eat most of my baked potato, it was decent. The green beans tasted frozen. This was also the first time that I witnessed my husband NOT finish a steak, in fact his was about half eaten. This never ever happens. My mother in law ordered the tilapia and said it was good. The little breads they bring you before your meal are very very little, one small loaf barely gave the 3 of us a piece, but it was tasty and our server brought us an extra loaf so that was cool. Will I go back? No. Even if its free? No.
3	The beer is nice and cold, our server is super! Otherwise I would not make the trip. Our bread was terribly dry and our steaks way over done. In addition the shrimp was too salty and the ahi dry. It was such a surprise as this is one of or favorite places! The manager was very receptive to our feedback.
2	It had been a long while since we'd been to Outback so one weeknight recently craving steaks we returned.The menu has changed (evolved?) since I was last there, more choices with steaks seasonings, expanded menu offerings, etc.  Frankly it was just confusing to me.  I just want the old Outback steak thank you.Ordered the 8oz sirlion & shrimp w/ the famous house salad and grilled asparagus (new item) for sides.  Well, the steak was pretty good and cooked as requested .  The 3 little shrimp were somewhat bland and did not excite, salad was skimpy from what I recalled from the past, and the grilled asparagus was Ewwwwh.  Asparagus looked like it had been waiting for my order and then reheated or regrilled.  Did I mention that our waiter assured me this was a very popular item receiving many rave reviews?? - oh, and I got to pay $1 upcharge for this little vegetable gem.  Tough stalks and had a smoky taste that didn't work either - I was NOT impressed.  Crazy perhaps that I am ranting about a vegetable but I was really looking forward to this item and Outback really blew it.Service was mostly efficient although the waiter bordered on being hovering and too familiar.  Out of my face please I am trying to eat here.  Overall I have to say this was a disappointing experience.  Outback is not cheap by any means.  There are plenty of other better places to go for steak.  Outback would do well to return to what made them famous in the first place (it's the food, stupid).  Based on this experience, it will be a long while before I decide to go back to Outback.
4	they have good specials every month.their happy hour is for drinks only--no food!
4	The Curbside Take-Away service was AWESOME! Ordering online was a piece of cake and as soon as I pulled into the special parking spot, the waitress came out to greet me right in my car. The meal was right on time and hot.I will say that I felt the lobster tail was a bit small but the wood grilled steak was absolutely perfect!
2	The food is below par. I asked for the best steak available and it was horrible. It's not as good as I remember from 7+ years ago. There are too many other local places that are better.
2	3 Stars, more for the food than the service. I sat for 10 minutes before ordering my drink. Not because I didn't know what I wanted mind you... Actually I'm subtracting one star because 10 minutes is too long to wait to order a drink. Most corporate restaurants give servers 60 seconds to get a drink order.
4	I enjoy your filet.... I request they cook it with no butter or oils, and they are always happy to make my request..... So thank you Outback :)
4	Great staff! (We have had Deb, Chris & Randy the few times we have been there) Decent food (however a little over-priced compared to some mom&pop shops out there). Friendly.  They just started opening for lunch by us.  Not the first place I think of when I think steak (see TexAZ), but closer to home and pretty good!
5	Now open for lunch.........
1	Our waiter smelled horrible! It wasn't even that busy where I could understand him having B.O. We orded soup and mac and cheese for our dinner. Im not a big fan of the steaks from here. Its hit or miss and id rather not risk a miss and end up with a steak that isnt tender. We could tell right away that our waiter had an attitude after we ordered. We werent very hungry and i was craving the mac and cheese. It is a kids dish but i would order it if they raised the price and made it a dish on the menu. Its so good when they dont make it watery, which they did this time. We had to wait almost 10 minutes after we ordered for our bread and for my drink. After we got our food our waiter never Checked on us. He walked by a dozen times but no refills and no more bread. There was also a small fly buzzing around and a Tiny gnat on our table. When we got our check there was a charge for 2 drinks we did not order! I was furious at that point. When I told the waiter he didn't even seem surprised but rather almost annoyed! I get that our bill was not going to be huge but it doesn't mean our service has to be so bad. Whenever I split a dish or order small items as my entree I always leave a good tip. The bill usually comes out to about $20 like this time and normally I would have tipped $5-6 if the service was good or even decent. I just can't believe he thought he could add onto our bill and get away with it!
4	Never disappoints - love their salad with honey mustard and then their sinful sunday.  Filet is what I get here.  Always get good service and never really have to wait for a table at this location.
3	Came here for dinner, for the first time in a few years, and I was pretty impressed. We walked in and were seated right away, but I did notice a complimentary self-serve water station in the waiting area that I thought was a super cool touch. The water had lemon and orange pieces floating around the top of the container and the area for the clean and dirty glasses were both very visible and largely labeled that I can imagine there is no cross contamination, unless you are blind, but in that case you won't know there is a complimentary water stand and you probably won't be reading this review...Anyway, the service was great - for the most part - he did forget to refill my lemonade, but he was on top of the water and iced tea refills. We started with the every so famous, bloomin' onion, that was delicious and soon after we got our complimentary whole wheat loaf of bread. I ordered the Ahi Tuna appetizer and it was a little overcooked. I would not order it again, but everyone else in my party ordered steaks and they all were very pleased with the temperature at which their steaks were prepared. The restaurant itself was very clean, but my only gripe about the environment was that it seemed that the hostess sat everyone next to each other! I know only certain sections of the restaurant are open, depending on how many servers are working at the time, but at least separate the parties by one booth so that each table can converse with each other without yelling over the table next to them.
4	Always consistent, and I have yet to have bad service.
4	This Outback is my fav IN ALL of AZ. :) Not only Is happy hour all the time, but the staff is very nice. The food isnt' fresh but, like I said the booze and staff are great!!!
3	Filet with wild mushroom sauce was VERY petite (3-4oz) and overcooked. Told server but no offer to correct.  Otherwise food and service pretty good. But we are leaving a tad disappointed.
5	Andrew comp'd over $30 of food because on a previous order our food was not prepared correctly. Superb customer service.
2	This is regarding an experience I had at Outback this past Saturday.  We arrived around 6:30 and were told it would be a 30 mins wait.  We weren't seated until almost an hour later and it only went downhill from there. We all ordered salads with our entrees but the entrees came out before the salads.  What?  Dessert was comped but the food was still medicore.  This is why I try to stay away from chain restaurants.
3	We ate at the bar. My steak was cooked exactly medium rare but over seasoned. It had so much pepper on it that it made me cough...and I love spicy food. I was with a party of 5 but they only brought one loaf of bread; we had to ask for more. The bartender was friendly, but our server was an apparition.
5	I always go to outback when I want to have steak. Usually...I only pay 30 bucks for dinner but  I  can alwaysget  enough food....love outback
2	Perhaps certain places don't deserve the lowest rating because the person doing the reviewing is not a good fit for that particular kind of place, and so, cannot review it accurately. Because of this, I gave this place an extra star just in case I am biased against these types of places.Now I will paint humanity with a wide brush and put us all into two camps: 1) Those who would rather play with a dog outside on the lawn on a nice warm afternoon.2) Those of us who would rather slip outside the backdoor of a rock club in Berlin to snort a quick line.Let me just say that in my camp we have no use for, nor desire to ever return to, this Outback Steakhouse type of establishment.What I truly think about this place is not suitable for public utterance, but I will go so far as to say the food was dull, the drinks were mixed as if they were for a teething child and not a grown man, and the atmosphere looked as if the decorator was commissioned from the school of bathroom design.If you died and went to this place, you would not be in hell, but you would not be very happy.
3	I haven't been to Outback Steakhouse in a very long time, but since my grandma invited me, I thought I was going to a great experience. Unfortunately, it was very loud when we got inside, and we rather had to wait 45 minutes until our food came out to be served. When I saw the prices for the food, I thought, this is ridiculous? And what more is you get a small serving for a cruddy meal. I could feed a family of 6 for what i paid for.
2	Being a long time fan of Outback, I decided to try it for lunch.  Not such a great idea, as it turns out.  They offer unlimited soup and salad, for $7.99 and a few selected other items that can be paired with soup or salad. Bottom line, you are nickel and dimmed to death.  If you want a Wedge Salad (as opposed to a House or Caeser Salad), it costs $1.00 more; if you want French Onion Soup (as opposed to Baked Potato Soup), it will cost you a $1.00 more; if you want cheese on your burger, it will cost you a $1.00 more.  These extra charges were annoying and seemed unnecessary.   The Caeser Salad had way too much dressing, the Baked Potato Soup was way too salty and the Outback burger was way too dry (maybe I should have paid the extra buck and got cheese!). I will stick to dinner at Outback, from now on.
3	I have been to this Outback two times in the past 2 years. My most recent experience was much better than the first, which would explain why it took me so long to even try it again! Really, I was dragged here by my in-laws, who love the surf and turf special they currently have. You can get a lobster tail, a sirloin, and a baked potato for $9.99. It's a good price for some decent food. Unfortunately, we splurged on the giant onion blossom and the artichoke appetizer. The onion blossom was really good - I must have been craving fried onions cuz oooh baby, they were good. They were a little greasy, especially near the end, but I had my fill. The artichoke appetizer was good as well. Everyone thought it would be flat bread but this was tortilla thin. Still, not bad. Then came the meal. My steak was ordered medium rare but came more medium-well. The taste wasn't bad, but I've had better steaks at home. The lobster was pretty good and the baked potato was meh. I didn't eat it all, but who needs all those extra carbs? Overall, it wasn't a terrible experience. I'm not a big fan of franchise dining, but my in-laws chose the place. I probably won't go back on my own volition, but if the in-laws wanted to, I wouldn't say no.
4	Went here for dinner on 5/9, party of 3. I got a coupon in the mail for $8 off 2 entrees.Kudos to Outback, the coupon says 'or $4 off one entree', which is something I like, you should not have to miss out on discounts if you are dining on your own.Our server was a young man, very friendly and nice.I had the New York strip, it was good, cooked as I ordered. Hubby had a steak sandwich and he liked it very much as well. We don't eat as much as we used to, so we had a little left overs.I didn't try the bread, but they did like it and had like 2 pieces I believe.I had a side salad with blue cheese and it was fresh and tasty. But, the surprise of the night were the green beans. I am doing low carb and thought it was a good idea to try them. They have never been a favorite of mine but these ones were delicious. They had this buttery flavor and they were bright green and crisp. I think I almost ate them all before tasting my steak.Not so good was the dish that our daughter ordered. Well, the dish itself she liked, but the portion was way too small. I believe it was the Seafood Mixed Grill, which is mahi, scallops and shrimp. I didn't count the shrimp but it had 2 scallop pieces, and a small piece of mahi that was like an ounce or so... It was probably smaller than the lunch portions at other restaurants. : ( She finished it and was still hungry so we shared some of our food with her.When our server stopped by to ask how we were doing we mentioned it and it seems we are not the only ones not very pleased with that portion : ( $9-$12 would maybe have been OK for that dish, but it was around $17, so thumbs down on that mini Seafood Mixed Grill.
4	Great sirloin steak and excellent friendly wait staff! We'll be back!
1	Ill never return to this location. I always order my filet and veggies with no butter/no oil... And tonight I ordered the same....Except what came out tasted and looked covered in oil, butter and seasonings. The worst part is when I asked about it....they denied saying no oils were used. It was obvious in looks and taste. Yet after my meal someone else in my party commented on the lack of flavor- sure enough they cooked his meal with no butter, oil or seasonings....You know if they would have listened, they likely would not have lost a customer. When I order this same thing cooked this same way at least 2x per week from various outback locations.... you would think I would know the difference! It becomes very obvious! This is the second and last time this has happened at this location... Never again as I'll NEVER be back.That was the worst service I've ever had at outback or anywhere. In future I'm driving out to the new outback locations in Gilbert.... Where they ALWAYS get it right!
5	Great food. Excellent service!!  Haven't had this type of experience in a long time. It was worth the extra cash!!$$
5	Always great!  Every time we go, we enjoy what we get. Our most recent visit stands out because of excellent service on top of great food. My husband got the ribeye medium rare and said it was perfect. I got the filet medium and it was fantastic. I also got veggies with it and even the veggies were delicious. We started with the crab stuffed mushrooms which we had never had before ...definitely will have it again. We both also had walkabout soup which is always good. The only thing I wasn't happy with was the cheesecake I took home with me. But that was my own error ordering a cheesecake somewhere that isn't known for it.
4	Solid, consistent chain food. Clean and not overly bright. We come for the service behind the bar. Kayc remembers our names, drink orders, and we never wait for our check. Highly recommend.
2	Came here for dinner because the hubs wanted to try out the AYCE shrimp.  I ordered the small filet (medium rare) with mashed potatoes, grilled shrimp and a side salad.  The filet was tough and took me a while to chew and chew ... and chew each bite.  The mashed potatoes were good, shrimp was salty and my side salad was decent.  The hubs got a filet with the AYCE shrimp - the shrimp were tiny. Probably bay shrimp.  And they gave very small portions.  He tried the scampi, buffalo and fried.  The scampi, if we were forced to choose were probably the tastiest out of the three.  We also ordered the cake pop trio for dessert and it was SO sweet we couldn't finish it.  The only good experience throughout the whole thing was that our server was very friendly.
3	Came in at 1:25pm.. On a Friday afternoon , there was a handful of people at the bar and only 2 groups of 4 .. I came alone and say next to the 2 groups of four , I got completely ignored for 10 mins and said something to the host about did she let anyone know I was here... She apologized and I said I'd sit at the bar ... I ordered what I wanted and the manager came over and stated that he was sorry I had waited and said my lunch was on the house .. The bartender was extremely prompt With a greeting , getting.a  Drink for me and handing me a menu . Megan is the bartenders name... Since she didn't ignore me .. What it costs for the lunch ( about 30$ all told) will be her tip
4	Came in last night for FREE Blooming Onions. We went straight to the bar area and ordered our onion, mushrooms and two side salads. First off the Blooming Onion is always looks fantastic but that sauce is horrible. I get that some people like horseradish but to me it's a taste that I can never get out of my mouth. I don't know who you folks are that like horseradish, but I just can't trust you. The mushrooms were awesome as always! We even took half of the order home and warmed them up in the oven for a snack.However, the salads were kind of pathetic and not worth $3.99 each. I loved the croutons though. But, the salad was very small with cheap iceburg lettuce. Service was top notch. We never went without a refill and he checked back after everything he brought us.
1	The service is super slow!  We've been waiting for our food for an hour!  Still waiting...
3	Updated 3/12/2014. Both the assistant manager on duty the night of our dining and the managing director, Kevin Hommert, called to discuss the disappointing service. Kevin was very open and non-defensive. He's made a few changes already to the table cleaning process and seemed very committed to improving the service level through better staff training.  I wasn't asked to change my review, but I moved it up from 2 to 3 stars to reflect the outreach and positive attitude.OK Food -  Combined with the Staff Training of an Average Fast Food Restaurant .Often, I think the host position in restaurants sets the stage for the entire meal. How many times have you walked into a restaurant, only to find the hostess staring at the seating map? Hello? Hum, maybe I'll check my phone for messages..... 'Oh Hi!'That's how our dining experience started at Outback. It's not a big deal, but if I ran a restaurant, I'd have a greeter and someone working the table map. It's an easy way to differentiate your restaurant in a crowded market. Anyway, we were asked to wait a couple minutes while they bussed a table. Well a couple minutes turned into 10 or more minutes, so I got to watch the table busing process at work. At this Outback, table busing is done by the assistant hostesses. Behind the hostess stand, there's a napkin on the floor with a bucket of disinfectant solution. Once the assistant host is done busing the table they drop the cleaning rag near the bucket, grab menus and seat the party.  Sometimes the rag  lands on the edge of the napkin, sometimes partly on the floor. Doesn't seem to bother anyone doing it, but I doubt it would meet with the approval of a health inspector. It certainly can't impress any customers who notice.Anyway, back to our wait. Several new parties walk in and are seated, so I approach the hostess and ask if she's forgotten about us. She looks confused and surprised. It's obvious she has - and we were quickly seated on the other side of the restaurant. Our table hadn't been cleaned properly, so my wife had to wait another 7-8 minutes or so until our waitress arrived, as she had been getting drinks for a large party. We asked to have the table cleaned. She immediately asked the hostess stand to send someone over. They grab the rag off the floor and head over --somewhere else in a big hurry. Meanwhile she takes our drink order and food order - still no table cleaning. We ask again. She asks again. An assistant host heads over with the rag from the floor. I ask for a clean rag, not one off the floor - or  'off the napkin on the floor' -  as they put it, and eventually we have a clean table - well at least it's not sticky any more.Food was OK. Waitress did a great job trying to make things right. The hostess came over at the end of the meal to apologize for the rocky start, and offer desert. I told her that was very nice. I don't think I've ever had a hostess come over and apologize, so I thanked her. She offered desert again. We declined again. (We can't have it for health reasons.)  Nice service recovery until she got up to leave. As she walks away, she has the oddest expression. I think it was something between wanting to roll her eyes, (but she didn't) to being frustrated by us not accepting the 'peace offering', to confusion as how someone could possibly turn down desert.  I wish restaurants moved beyond 'free desert' as the solution to all problems. Not everyone is looking for a freebie. Most people just want great food, and good service from a well trained staff. Where was the manager in all this? I don't know. I didn't ask to speak with one, but a good one would have come over early in the dinner. I don't know, maybe the hostess was the manager, but she seemed a bit young and running the host stand certainly doesn't leave time to make sure things are running smoothly.I sent Outback a similar review, but they haven't acknowledged it or responded to me, which tells me the lack of customer engagement is probably systemic. Outback is part of the Blooming Brands chain of restaurants. Other brands include Carrabba's, Bonefish Grill, Flemings and Roy's. Flemings has good food and excellent service. But, I guess I just don't get the Outback, Carrabba, Bonefish Grill model of moderately expensive food paired with mediocre, inexperienced service. If you're going to drop $100 on a steak dinner do yourselves a favor and avoid chain restaurants, especially those with inconsistent management.  Food was OK, but with the exception of the nice waitress, the staff was about as well trained as your average fast food restaurant. Not a good situation when your bill comes in near $100. Find a good independent steak house and pay the extra bucks. It'll be worth it.
1	Stopped in for lunch, waited over 45 minutes from order time to entree delivery, Manager indicated he thought performance was unacceptable and offered a step ped up beverage ( what can you do to iced tea?) or a free dessert, We declined dessert at lunchtime and really just wanted to receive our order in a reasonable amount of time. Manager's apology and offer felt scripted, except he said " no worries" about 10 times. When the entree's arrived my guest's side item was missing.  It couldn't have been much worse and no genuine attempt at service recovery occurred. No rules, just wrong...
5	This location never really disappoints. The waitstaff is friendly, a manager always asks how things are. I stick with Outback because the food is consistently delicious. Today I ordered an 8 oz filet, classic cooked, medium. When my steak came out it was...just not what I pictured it normally looking like. It didn't have the dark crusty seared outside. It was thin. It was cooked about medium well/close to well, and probably due to this it was tough. The texture was the worst part because I get the filet for the texture. Despite the fact that it's not usually the MOST flavorful cut, it's worth the sliiiiiight loss in flavor for the tenderness. The classic seasoning & sort of crunchy seared outside completely makes up for the lack of flavor compared with other cuts. I am NOT the type of person who sends things back, however, my boyfriend confirmed my concerns by telling me that he didn't think it looked like a filet. So, when Andrew the manager came by and asked how things were, I quizzed him about what cut he thought it was. He got it right...8 oz filet. I told him I only asked because it wasn't what I was used to a filet looking/feeling/tasting like. He agreed that it wasn't ideal and insisted on getting me a new one. I told him it wasn't necessary, and if it was the filet I'd eat it despite the lack of the usual Outback perfection. Nope...Andrew wouldn't have that. He brought a new one. The new one was undercooked, but since Andrew waited to see the inside before leaving it with me, he promptly took it back to be fixed.  This time it was PERFECT. It was thick like a filet should be, and was cooked exactly medium...red in the center but not bloody. The searing was precisely what I always look forward to at Outback. It was the best steak I've had in a long time.I was very happy with the way Andrew and our server Shelby made me feel like a valued guest and made me feel like it was OKAY to let them make my order perfect. I don't think I'll become one of those picky sender backer types, but it was nice to know that at this Outback location I don't ever have to settle for anything less than perfect. Between Andrew and Shelby, this location has secured me as a customer and I will be back next time I want a fantastic steak!
3	The waitstaff is always very friendly here so that is worth 2 stars alone.  I always order the blooming onion, but with ranch because the sauce is so gross.  I ordered a filet on my previous trip and it was so tough I ended up taking it home to my dog (which he thanks you for OUTBACK!!)  So I tried a different kind of steak this time and it wasn't too bad, but again, I only had a few bites.  I will continue to come here (only when friends insist) because of the bread!  A few cocktails, onion bloom, and the bread.  I don't want to waste my money on entrees anymore.  But its not terrible...my dog loves it ;)
5	We love going to this location. We started going more often because the food was great and we were getting awesome service. We especially like sitting at the bar with two of the regular guy bar tenders. I think its CJ/Casey and I forget the other dark haired bartenders name, but they rock. We will continue to go back!
3	My husband and I came here around 8:00pm. We were seated right away and had a wonderful waiter named Russel.Our booth was near the bar and behind the hostess stand. Food was delicious!!The ONLY reason I am not giving it more than 3 stars is due to the female and male bartenders that clearly forgot they were at work! Now...I am all for having fun at work-BUT-if you are singing (screeching) loudly, dancing (grinding) with each other, and saying some pretty sexually inappropriate comments to each other....you have either forgotten you were at work, or just don't care to have everyone hear your current "frustrations."  :/
4	This is our go to location when we are craving a good steak for a good price point! The staff is always really friendly and the place is kept clean every time. We usually get the no butter version of the steak and the veggies, since they offer that here, and it cuts a ton of calories from the meal and still tastes awesome with the seasonings they offer!The brown bread they bring out in the beginning of the meal is always tasty and served up warm. The ambiance here is nice, and the booths around the bar area are pretty private if you want a date night out, see if you can be seated there. Overall: AFood is always prepared nicely, they offer healthy choices with great flavor, and staff is friendly!
1	Walked in and had to wait for the host to show up.  Got seated git drinks order, all fine no issues.  I ordered the Crab-topped Steak and my wife the Crab-stuffed Shrimp.  When the food arrived what I got was a steak that had a (frozen) crab cake placed on top and some sauce poured over it.  I ordered my steak medium and it arrived rare.  I promise you blood poured out when i cut it.  It was sent back and they made another this one arrived med-rare and I thought, screw it and said it was fine.  you could easily tell they had smashed the steak onto the grill with that flat iron thing, I do not know its name,  The one side of the steak was smooth.  My wife got shrimp that was rubbery and had a cut up crab cake placed on each shrimp.  Not worth our time and not worth our money.She liked her sweet potato and my garlic Mashed potato was real good but.....the manager came by and chatted with us and said we could come back and he would personally cook for me but I think I will not be going back.  We stopped going to this chain years ago because the quality of food had serious dropped.  we hoped that time had fixed this, but it had only made things worse.
4	We'll fellow PV'ers the family LOVES this place.  We go to take advantage of their Outback special (6oz sirloin, salad, and baked potato) for $10.99 but mostly for the lovely lady that has been taking care of us forever, Kristen. Ask for her but she only works Mondays but don't mess it up for me please!
1	My steak was like rubber. It was full of tough gristle. I will never return.The waitress was very friendly and attentive. Unfortunately that does not make for terrible food.
1	Got the Ribeye steak & this being a steakhouse & the best cut I expected a thick juicy tasty steak. Far from it! What I got was all fat not even edible I had to search around just to get one nibble of steak! Are you kidding me? This was terrible. I sent it back and they took it off my bill. I won't be back changed my opinion of outback!
4	Sat at the bar and had a very good experience. The lettuce wedge salad is excellent and the burger was done to perfection. The service was very attentive at the bar. A good place to watch a game, have a drink, and eats.
