4	Extremely excited for what this establishment will bring to Vegas. This is a extremely good reason to visit the strip. The whole place has a great energy and the show line-up is off the hook! More details to follow...
5	This place is awesome. Came here on opening night (accidentally) I'm a local came to check out the Linq outdoor area which is awesome. So Soul Live they were really really great. Had dinner food was pretty good I'd give it a B+ service was speller though! What a cool place to come and hang out bowl watch shows (lineup is diverse with some pretty big names) anyway I'd recommend it for sure and I'll definitely be back (which says a lot bc locals don't hit up the strip too often).
5	Such a great venue that includes 16 bowling lanes, a restaurant, a stage with dance floor & plenty of bars to keep you hydrated. Bowling is $60 a hour for a lane & shoe rentals for up to 8 people. Be sure to try to snag an lane on the second floor because it comes with your own private box on the balcony that overlooks the stage & dance floor! Really is the best seat in the house. Food is phenomenal as well. I personally loved the french bread pizza, corn on the cob & the alcoholic milkshake. DO NOT leave without tasting the milkshake! Literally the best milkshake I have ever had. I have already bought tickets to come back for another show!
5	Went here opening weekend. What an amazing time we had. Live music, bowling, and great food and drinks. The decor is cool, the space is huge, and the staff was friendly and very attentive. Our server in the lanes, Tina, did a great job making sure our drinks were never empty and was on her A-game when it came to getting our very (extremely) complicated order right.   Great energy, great experience, and certainly a place I plan on frequenting in the future.   Perfect new weekend spot that everyone should check out.
5	Super! Great addition to Las Vegas Entertainment, nightlife and music scene. The music sounds real great from any location inside. The bowling is great and food and bar service fantastic. Raising the bar in Las Vegas.
3	Awesome bowling and venue.  However, even though after 8 p.m., it is supposed to be 21+, the management let in small children who ran through our couch area and jumped on our table where our beer and food was.   Really took away from the fun time we were having.
5	Fantastic new venue at the Linq.   The staff is friendly, attentive and make sure you are happy.  The bowling is awesome. They bring you your shoes and Ball. Couches to relax and a server brings you your drinks.  Plenty of seating thruout the venue. The concert area is big and well thought out.  Looking forward to returning.  You guys Rock
2	Very visually appealing. The sound is good for shows. Food and drinks are expensive as with all the new vegas places. Bring your wallet and plan on spending alot for a good time.
5	I've had the wonderful opportunity to visit Brooklyn Bowl not once, but twice in one week and let me tell you, I couldn't WAIT to write this review.  Instead of writing a review the first time, I waited for two visits, so I could write a really well balanced review. I thought the first time was too good to be true. Man, I'm glad I waited...FINALLY, a REALLY great space on the strip.  As a local, I try to stay away from the strip as it's too congested and inconvenient for the everyday life.  This place, will absolutely bring me back time and time again.  When you approach "The BB," you'll notice a very aesthetically pleasing olden day-type cinema sign.  From the outside, it doesn't look that big, but don't let that fool you!  Once you enter, you'll make your way up the escalators.  To the right is a little bar, high top table seating area.  This area is full of large windows which offers great views of the Linq.  To the left of the concierge desk are the restrooms and a couple of ATM machines.  Pass the desk and there's either an outdoor space with table tops and a smoking section to the right, and a lovely restaurant with another bar!  Then, the good stuff:  Passed all that, is a HUGE concert venue area and 16 lanes of bowling.  WOW!  Don't worry, there's a few more bars to keep you liquored up all night long.  If that's not enough, make your way to top VIP area where there's lots of balcony space for the concert, sofas for seating and 16 more lanes to bowl on!  In the VIP area, there's also a bar, an outside roof deck and even a very eclectic living room which offers comfortable couches, big screen tvs, quirky signs and lights, all encompassed with a quieter atmosphere.  SOOO AWESOME!!!  Brooklyn Bowl is full of amazing features. All around, there's leather couches, palm trees, artsy signs, vines covering the walls and lots of exposed brick. Shows lots of character. The staff is also on point!  They are nice, attentive and EVERYWHERE.  All I have to say is the staffing department did an amazing job!  (There's your shout out, Java!) In all seriousness, one of my former coworker left our company to work at this place and I'm glad she did.  I'm absolutely amazed!  On my first visit, our server was Michael, who goes by Micah.  He was AH-MAZE-ING.  So accommodating, so nice and personable, so awesome. I firmly believe the overall experience comes from the tone a server sets and The BB is filled with positive servers and bartenders.  I'm not going to lie, the drinks aren't cheap.  I payed about $12 for my Ketel One vodka and soda water.  WHAT DO YOU EXPECT?  You're on the strip.  If you're going to come here, make sure you can afford it.  If not, I think Southpoint has bowling and dollar drinks LOL.  I don't mind it at all, because I don't do this very often.  On both visits, I also had the awesome opportunity to try their food for free.  Here's what I had and here's what I thought:BBQ pork sliders with cole slaw:  The pork was tender and flavorful.  The cole slaw added a crunchy texture and sweet taste.  The bun was good, maybe too thick, but didn't hurt the experience.The San Gennaro Pizza:  VERY GOOD pizza.  It's filled with sausage, mozzarella and pepper.  This pizza is packed with sausage!  Lots of toppings offered NO complaints LOL. Chicken wings:  THE BEST THING THEY HAVE, BY FAR!  The batter was crispy and crunchy and light.  It was so flavorful with spices and not overpowering. It was served with honey which is HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.  It really just takes the wings to the next level.  So delicious.Rolling Stone really hit home when they said Brooklyn Bowl is "one of the most incredible places on earth."  I really believe that on a Las Vegas strip perspective.  Who would have thought a venue that offers bowling and live music in one place would be such a hit!  This is exactly what Vegas needed.  Opening up with one of the coolest bands, The Roots, was a great move on their part.  Listen, if you're in the area, turn north on Koval and make a turn into Winnick street.  You need to park your car and walk to Brooklyn Bowl.  This place will blow you away.  Trust me, it's simply AH-MAZE-ING!
5	This is a brand new venue at The Linq. This place is ridiculously amazing! There's not one bad thing I could say about it. The staff was great and very informative and the bartenders were quick. Nobody ever wants to wait forever for a drink. They had PBR on tap which is my drink of choice so I was happy. They had bowling lanes to the left part of the venue and the stage for shows to the right. I went to see The Roots play and when I went to the bathroom during the show, (a no-no) the speakers were low level and blasting so you don't miss a thing. They were high quality so it made it that much better. They also had an outside patio lounge overlooking the walkway which is pretty chill. It's definitely an amazing new venue that's going to bring a hell of a fight to the Cosmopolitan's venues. Well done Linq, you are genius! Check out a show, you won't be mad.
3	They are new and are still working the bugs out.Hours posted outside differ from website. (see photo)Taxi drop off is NOT available at the time of this review. Standing room only to view the concert.The mixed drink I tried was expensive and not drinkable. I had to toss it out as it tasted like gasoline. I asked for something top self and they didn't carry it.Sound was good.Place was kept clean as people were dropping drinks and the workers were quick to clean up.
5	Actually hailing natively from Brooklyn and going to the original Brooklyn Bowl, my initial thoughts were: I wish Vegas would just be itself. But, as I'm learning the longer I'm here, Vegas' culture is actually just an appropriation of all other cultures. That being said, it's actually really dope inside - that whole area is incredible - and this Brooklyn Bowl is significantly bigger! It's also not in a giant industrial wasteland, which I appreciate. Got to see The Roots perform for free was a highlight, duh. Blue Ribbon: y'all already know. Fried chicken always gets two thumbs up, and a wink! ;)Lots of attractive locals seem to frequent here, which makes me happy. It's been a LONG TIME coming that Vegas needed a place like this. Somewhere on the Strip that has an open and walkable atmosphere that is down to earth and not something overly kitschy, glitzy, or touristy. I'm sure once The Linq actually opens, it'll be a shit show. Until then, I'm into it. Lastly I hung out with Bruce Bromberg on the patio, so obviously that's going to color my opinion. All in all, a wonderful night, and I will be back for many more.
5	I really dig this venue. The Roots were playing on the night I went - I arrived early to start the night off with drinks and some of their famous fried chicken. The fried chicken was top notch. Loved the seasoning on it. Probably the best I've had in this city (Note: Vegas isn't really known for fried chicken). Super juicy, but not too greasy. Real good combo with some beer (Magic Hat on tap) . Came up to $20 for 4 pieces of chicken, collared greens, mashed potatoes, and a slice of white bread. Wasn't too hungry so I shared it with a friend. Good stuff to munch on while waiting. You can either eat indoors or outdoors with a view of the Linq that's great for people watching.As a music venue, it's really great too. It's just an overall fun atmosphere to be around. Plenty of bars, lots of walking room, and a outdoor 2nd story patio for some air. I also liked the fact that you can get away from the stage to some seats where you can actually hear conversations with company.I didn't get to try out the bowling, but the alley looked really modern and trendy. More upscale than most bowling alleys that I've seen.All in all, a really great venue that offers a lot to do. It looks like they have some great artists lined up to perform in the future. I'm definitely going to be dropping by here often.
2	Great food and atmosphere but two rounds of shots for 5,  a plate of fries and 2 games of bowling came out to 360.00!!!!  I would NEVER go back here. .. way over priced. ..
5	Because bowling shoes ARE dancing shoes!It's always tough reviewing concert venues because the actual show is such a major factor. Seriously, Kenny G anywhere (or Kenny Loggins or Kenny Chesney ... pretty much any Kenny) is going to suck. Elvis Costello & The Roots, on the other hand, can make any joint your favorite place on Earth for a night. The beauty of Brooklyn Bowl is that it's got its own perfect game going. The people running and staffing BB are a separate class of awesome. (In particular, Adrees Ali earned the title of Grand Protector and Redeemer.) They took us in, made sure we had everything we needed, and sent us home feeling like we'd just found the one true oasis in the desert. I confess that I mostly hate Vegas. BB understands that not everyone wants to wallow in the desperate skank that floods every casino and most every corner of the strip. They've found the right blend of food, drink, music, and atmosphere and, naturally, added bowling! It works brilliantly. Even without the tasty grub and ten-pin hijinks, it's a great venue. The sound is excellent, and no matter where you are--from floor to balcony to the bowling deck--you have clear sight lines. The size is ideal (just under 2,000 capacity), and you can tell that the musicians feel the intimacy of it as well. The whole affair is also a screaming good deal. If your show starts at 9:00, grab a lane at 7:00. After that, you're taken care of. It's a kind of magic Copperfield can't touch.
4	Amazing service! Seriously, I don't think I've ever been so picked up after. Loved the Rock & Roll fries, but they're an acquired taste for sure. And the fried chicken...so good. Crispy goodness served with collard greens and mashed potatoes.The atmosphere is fun...a little loud next to the bowling alley, but it's not fine dining so it's not terrible. Oh, and the adobo corn...get that!
5	I am pretty freaking excited that we now have a Brooklyn Bowl! VEGAS is officially taking over! WE ARE FUN! =DA few days ago, my friends and family went to check it out for the first time to see the Roots (so I have yet to actually bowl there!). There was a huge line outside, but since the venue is pretty big, we got in there fairly quickly.The stage is fairly small, but there is plenty of room to move around if you are watching the show. There are a couple bars close to the stage, and the bartenders are pretty fast so the lines aren't too CRAY. One of the coolest things I observed is that there are bowling lanes upstairs and downstairs! Also, if there is a performance going on, they have huge screens in front of the alley so you can watch while you bowl! 8) Now isn't that cool?!I will definitely update as soon as I finally go bowling there, but in the mean time- check it out!PS. I did hear that kids can bowl before 8pm, so you can bring the family!HAVE FUN! =D
5	Went there for the Elvis Costello and The Roots concert! What a venue! Had dinner on the patio over looking 16 Block, Hospitality and The High Roller, nice view! Fried Chicken and wings were good.  They serve honey to put on the fried chicken.  The blowling alley has double decker lanes, thought that was super awesome! And at the same time the concert area was jumping! Bars all over, lounge in front is the Bomb! I will be back!
2	While the concept of Brooklyn Bowl is good and the space for a small concert is great. The security staff is far less than friendly and it's very confusing to know where your "allowed" to go. Many different colored wristbands with no rhyme or reason as to where you can go, and this being a brand new establishment you would think the security would be a bit more friendly when they explain the MANY rules of the place. They definitely need a lesson in customer service.
5	Only reviewing the concert venue part of Brooklyn Bowl but ASSURE you will be back too not only do some bowling but check out some of the food. I came Brooklyn Bowl check out Elvis Costello and The Roots since won tickets on yelp. Shout out too Drew A. He is always working hard coming up with great events and hooking yelpers with all kine tickets. I do like both bands just so you all know but truth just as excited too check out Brooklyn Bowl. I had no idea the concert venue going too be set up. Me not exactly concert guy but been too few different locations for concert in Vegas and nothing like the venue at Brooklyn Bowl. Really not just Vegas but could not think of another venue with the whole vibe with everything else going on around and just the walk too Brooklyn Bowl down the Linq really unique. Lets start with walking down cobblestone street too Brooklyn Bowl one that marquee not miss with bright colors and really stand out. Along the way bunch of other restaurants, shops, and few more things not yet open but excited about. Once you get in take escalator upstairs since nothing on ground level. As you get up kind of excitement of unknown the first time all you see is the Brooklyn Bowl sign. Soon you walk in go music playing that most part current stuff and high energy music. The views you see from Brooklyn Bowl from the bar close too the front has great view of The Linq also the restaurant (really not much of restaurant terms of size, not one of the main focus more on the bowling alley and the concert venue; but admit too credit or have no idea no short cuts comes too the food) and best part concert venue patio area open air that chill outside people watch or enjoy the weather. If really bored can look into these observation binoculars see on top of the empire state building. Though not sure you be looking at but like the decor not only with the binoculars but potted plants and lounge vibe. The concert venue. Five star more like Six stars in Sugi world. I much more enjoy small venue than big ass venues because get too appreciate the music and the artist on another level. Also not so small that feel trapped in box bump into people or people blocking your view and might get irritated. Brooklyn Bowl had that balance. Yay the stage not that big but still stage that do lot especially with the lighting. The sound system is awesome! I was kicking in back with my friend. You could hear Elvis and The Roots clearly. Even off the dance area in the back can see the performer clearly or if need close up televisions all around (yes even if bowling like free concert literally behind you) plus behind the bar never miss beat. The bars think five star set up!!! Why??? Most places have one or two bar set up not design with the flow or traffic pattern once the concert starts up. One off the side next too the stage and two more in the back area. So not like trample over people too get beer or drink. The space around the dance area and god love the open space feeling from two levels (second level vip). Sunday so maybe concert on friday/saturday might not be as spacious but still LOVE the set up. Great vibe!Brooklyn Beer is Awesome!! I had all three Lager, Brown, Pilsner. Highly recommend if love craft beers definitely another reason too come Brooklyn Bowl. Assure you be back for the bowling, food, and more craft beer!!!
4	I went on one of the nights they offered free bowling for 90 minutes plus half off food for locals.  Couldn't get over the size of the place!  Vegas has come a long way from the Gold Coast bowling alley.  At least GC still has all those great photos of people in bowling poses for scoring 300.  Good luck throwing a 300 here!  If anyone manages to do it with all the flashing lights and pizza grease on your thumb enhancing the spin of the ball ever so slightly, you might test positive for some substances.  I'd also like to meet you. But bowling good isn't what it's all about at Brooklyn Bowl.  I feel that's true but I might still be like 2% sore over losing to a girl.  Not even barely.....dominated.  The atmosphere is really cool, good beers on tap starting at $8, and the balcony could be sneaky chill when it gets warmer.  A lot of fun will be had at this venue.      I wasn't digging the seats for bowling.  It would have been awkward if our party of 4 all sat on the big leather couch together as it was a tight squeeze.  The party of 8 across our table were pretty bunched up.  It also would've been kind of a mess had they ordered drinks and food too since all 12 of us were sharing one (albeit long) table.  Definitely dine before bowling because eating with your hands, playing with balls and then eating more is gross.  Someone is bound for pink eye or worse.  Although "The Fatty" pizza was Stouffer's French bread pizza on steroids delicious, I had to eat it with a fork while standing.  That's kinda lame.  It's all minor stuff in the whole picture of things.  Can't wait to check out some shows!  Lots of great acts on the schedule already.
5	This venue is mind-blowing!! Music, booze, food, and bowling all in one roof... it definitely can't get any better than that.Came in to see The Roots and their set was ridiculous!! The stage is quite small but wasn't too crowded. There are also about 5 bars throughout the place serving Brooklyn brews on tap.  How dope is that though?!What I'm most excited about Brooklyn Bowl: Bromberg Brothers serving Blue Ribbon fried chicken right around my neighborhood till four in the morning.  Make sure to eat it with hot sauce and honey... foodporn!!Bowling alleys on two floors with one overlooking the stage.  I'm not much of a bowler but I'd actually try it out in this place.  Not sure if you need show tickets to bowl when someone's performing.  They also stream the concert at the front of the alley so players can see what's going on at the stage while having a game.  Then again, why trade an epic live performance with bowling?!Overall, Brooklyn Bowl is certainly one of Las Vegas' awesome music venues.  I pick this over Boulevard Pool/House of Blues any day.
3	Great design but many rules and loads if security like a night club but during the day.
5	really rad place, bowling, concerts, food, drinks, patio, nice atmosphere, plenty of room to have a good time. I will be seeing more shows here in the future!
5	Brooklyn Bowl is by far the most amazing indoor music venue I've ever been to and without a doubt the coolest new spot in Las Vegas.  Finally, a 21+ venue that books great talent and does not focus on electronic music, DJs, or the Vegas club scene!We grabbed tickets to see Local Natives on Sunday night.  First of all, the venue is absolutely gigantic. From the outside, I would never have expected it to be this big. There's a restaurant area (I'll be back to check out the food) and about 5 different bars that make a nice exterior border of the space. There are TWO floors everyone has access to - each floor with bars along side the stage.  On tap options include Rogue Dead Guy Ale and three different "Brooklyn Brews" beers. The bar staff was also really friendly and helpful - after ordering a Dead Guy Ale and a coke, the bar tender asked if the coke was for my DD and when I said yes, she said no charge. Little things like that really made me feel happy about where I'm spending my time and money. I don't think there's a bad view of the stage from any spot in the entire venue. The "floor" area in front of the stage looks big at first glimpse, but as soon as the band takes the stage and begins to play, the area immediately begins to feel more intimate, which makes for a great live music atmosphere. The venue also has pretty solid audio-visual. They're not trying to do too much by hanging huge screens everywhere or over the top lights and LED/laser shows.  Instead, the focus is on the band and the music, highlighted with an impressive mix of smoke effects and color schemes. No distractions - let the music and venue speak for itself.  The sound was absolutely incredible too - from every angle. I stood on the floor, on the side of the stage at the bar, in the back, upstairs, and in a booth at the bowling alley and the sound was consistently great. I'm not sure if this was because Local Natives was playing (they are SUCH a great live band), but I was super impressed by Brooklyn Bowl's acoustics.  Oh yeah, there is a bowling alley inside with lanes on both floors!!! At the back of every lane, there is a giant leather booth that overlooks the stage so you don't miss anything while you're bowling ... or, so you can just hang out and enjoy the show. Reserving a lane is probably the way to go when you've got a big group of friends - drink/food service, seating, bowling, and huge screens above every lane that show a live feed of the band that's playing. Can this place get any cooler??  I found my new favorite hangout and with the lineup they've created for the next few months, Brooklyn Bowl has something for everyone. Check this place out - you won't be disappointed.
5	Came here for a concert the other night and I absolutely loved it! The whole bowling, restaurant and concert venue concept is amazing. The place is huge. I was very impressed when I first walked in. The atmosphere is nice... Dark lighting, cool designs. Took the escalators upstairs and the place gets even better. Their restaurant is there along with the bowling lanes and the stage concert area. It was extremely open. I went to the local natives concert and there were a lot of people there but still so much open space! I did not feel closed off at all. After the opening band, there was an intermission so my friends and I decided to check out the restaurant (because we heard how amazing their fried chicken was). The seats were great... had an awesome view of the bowling lanes. The stage itself was blocked by some funky looking clowns on a wall but we could still see what was going on, on the stage, from the giant tv screens behind the bowling lanes. It seems like you can come here just to dine, during a concert... without concert tickets! I'll have to check it out again. Totally impressed about this place. What a great addition to the strip/Vegas!
5	I can't believe I missed this place on my reviews for vegas last weekend.   It was fantastic.  Blue Ribbon food.   The beers and drinks were cheap and Vahe (sp?) made us the sickest dirty Martini's ever.   They really know what they are doing...far enough from the new LinQ (when will it ever open?) and close enough to the strip.   You can stumble right into the new O'sheas!    There was a bartender in the corner by the bowling alley in the dark and she would come out now and then to change the margarita slush or whatever.  We didn't mind because she was in yoga pants and had ass for days.   Make sure you go!!
5	Came here on a Thursday night and we had a blast! The live music was great while playing bowling! Locals get to bowl for free so definitely check this place out if you are a local!
5	Another pretty dam cool place.Adult wonderland or Adult chuckie cheese! I don't know. This business covers every base for a good nice out. Great bar, extensive menu, bowling lanes and with a live band venue what more could you want!Trying a new place is always fun, and this place for sure has the wow factor. A nice escalator to take you up to the second floor, our group was greeted and sat at a nice table close to the bowling lanes.Ordering some corn on the Cobb to start then into some flatbread pizza and last but not least the fried chicken!!! Now this is the food to get!!! Light, dark or mixed fried chicken was tasty and well presented. Few pints of Mad Hat and we were off.With bands playing most days of the month this place will be a venue to keep an eye on!
2	Came here excited to check it out! Waited over a half hour +  for my appetizer only for it to Come with my food... The food was cold and wasn't the best quality, was expecting the chicken dinner to be amazing and was disappointed ! After waiting that long there is no reason the food should have been cold! The only perk was that the music and atmosphere was good! I appreciate the manager taking the appetizer off the bill and bringing new food that was hot but shouldn't have had to wait that long and it made for a bad first impression ! Not to mention the drinks were over-priced and Came out half full! If your going to charge an  arm and a leg at least make it worth it
4	Came to one of the best concerts I have ever been to at this venue. Was able to be so close I could read the set list (and I am short!). The drinks were very expensive. I didn't sample any of the food but very much appreciated the intimate venue experience.
4	Went to see Cake on our anniversary.It's a pretty nice venue, not my favorite in town but nice none the less. Park at The Linq parking lot, it's a short walk away to The BB and  lots of shops and restaurants.We didn't eat or bowl while inside but we did drink, nice selection of booze but the prices are steep. Our concert tickets were a bit pricey too, compared to other shows we've been to in town.The sound was good, no complaints, it wasn't over crowded, even on the floor. I think the floor is a bit small but it's nice to be able to actually see who is singing. There are only a few tables with chairs, so expect to stand. The floor is flat, so you will have an obstructed view if you are short. It's a cool place, lots of great shows are scheduled. I will definitely go back!
2	I definitely see the potential as far as the bowling and drinks.. But when it comes to food to price.... HORRIBLE. We ordered the calamari which was $14.50 to our waiters advice and hand motion the portion size was decently large.. WRONG! The burger and fries were decent also but definitely NOT. Worth the price.
1	Sorry to say but as much as I really like the place as a music venue; I was extremely disappointed with the food.  We ordered their renowned world famous fried chicken and the Chile Rubbed Ribeye steak.I've had the fried chicken before at Blue Ribbon Sushi in NY and at The Cosmo here in Vegas. This was not the same. I actually think they might have forgotten to double dip it in the batter.  The skin coating was kind of thin and not that crispy. The ribeye was just plain fatty and chewy. Additionally, although I ordered it "Medium" it was clearly delivered "Rare".I might give the fried chicken another chance due to its reputation but the ribeye was clearly an inferior/cheap cut they are serving.  And although they have only 8 or 10 tables outside I enjoy al fresco dining this time of year in Vegas.I do really enjoy the entertainment and feel of the place. I've already seen 3 live shows here and look forward to seeing a few more.  Maybe even doing some bowling next time.
2	Came here for dinner, waiters took a while to get our order and there was not alot people. We ordered "The Theresa" and the Corn on cob with chili, cheese and lime. The food tasted fine but i feel like it was overpriced, $6 for one corn on a cob with chili and cheese? come on now.
4	This is my second trip to Brooklyn Bowl since it opened. First time I saw Cake and the venue size versus crowd was completely excellent. This time I went for food and I have to give huge props to the host staff. I called a reservation, but wasn't going to make it because some ridiculous concert was going on in the free outdoor lot for the Linq. After being turned away from no less than four lots (seriously security/traffic control WTF it's pretty anti-business), ended up parking at Caesars. Gillian saved my table! And was extremely courteous to my party. Gillian made our night! Food was alright-- decent prices for downtown. Fried chicken was excellent, must have been a good night.
4	Came here for a Sunday lunch and was impressed by the atmosphere and just how genuinely cool this place is. Decided to try some food in the restaurant area behind the bowling alley. The little clown faces are cool to look at. Now, for the food I decided to try the ribeye which was ok. I should've gone with something else more closer to the other items on the menu. My girlfriend had the fried chicken which was delicious. I wish I would've grabbed that instead. I kept picking off her plate the whole time. The chicken was really juicy on the inside and the skin had a great crunch and just an overall great flavor. The price is about $20 which comes with four pieces of chicken and mash. I will definitely be getting that the next time I come here. Oh, and make sure to use the hot sauce which added that extra kick. All in all I would recommend this place if you're willing to spend a little more money on a dinner or lunch that you normally would.
4	Booked a few bowling lanes for my wife's birthday and everyone had a great time.  They quoted some insane prices for lanes during concert hours so I booked prior.  Things ended up working out for us because for whatever reason it was not that crowded and we were able to stay a little longer to finish our games (because we got started late).  The manager was a real nice guy and was very accommodating...he actually ended up comping us the bowling charge (which was already lower than what I was quoted when I booked.  I'm not sure why there was a disconnect but my guess is that they are still figuring things out and adjust based on the crowd.A few critiques - I think the bowling system is nothing special and it appears the pins are actually attached to strings (not sure if this makes for quicker racking or what).  I only mention this because it seemed extremely difficult to get a strike and I think this is why...I mean, we all pretty much sucked but even some drunk blind squirrels can find a few strikes once in awhile.  I did think the pitchers were a bit overpriced and is probably something they should consider adjusting along with the beer selection. I really did like the fried chicken and disagree with previous comments about its quality.  Not saying they couldn't have made a bad batch, but ours was excellent.  Super hot, crunchy, cooked perfectly and tasted great with the honey and hot sauce.  It was even good left over the next day.  The wings were pretty hearty and juicy as well.  It would be nice if they offered some additional snack food like popcorn or pretzels (hard or soft) and mustard for bowlers.Overall, I think everyone had a good time.  Brooklyn Bowl offers a pretty unique experience for the strip.  The actual building itself is huge and provides a really great atmosphere, especially when the music selection in entertaining (the DJ was doing well for awhile then the genre changed and somewhat lost us).They also feature a very enticing brunch menu which I am eager to check out.  Stay tuned I guess....
5	Service 5 star venue 5 star everything here is 5 star. Highly recommend it.
5	Weren't very hungry but really wanted to try the fried chicken .. unbelievable!  Light, crispy, must try it for yourself!
4	Could you hide this place any worse? The entire area sucks. Parking is a mess. Foot traffic is horrible. Connections to the monorail are a nightmare. The good news is that the ownership and staff are open to suggestions and are trying to improve the information about the area  Food was decent. Service was excellent.
5	The Roots, Lauryn Hill, Disclosure, Local Natives, Flume, Chance, Bonobo... these are some of the artists that Brooklyn Bowl has or will welcome with open arms. With that being said, this place is amazing!! Diverse genres of music and an awesome venue. Go up an escalator and you're where the magic happens. Do you like to bowl, eat, and listen to music while drunk? Then this is your place. Gotta add, ordered a vodka redbull and they did not hold back on the alcohol. Brooklyn beers also available on tap.The restaurant serves some good fried chicken from Blue Ribbon. Add some of their hot sauce or soak that ish' in honey and your set. Their fries with cheese and gravy are worth trying too but attack it immediately and eat it when hot. You can even pass on eating inside the restaurant and sit at their outdoor area overlooking Sprinkles and the High Roller. Asked our server it it'd be possible to eat at the restaurant during performance nights, she inquired, and said that it shouldn't be a problem. 21+ after 8p.Honestly, this is probably one of the coolest venues I've been to. Good job, Vegas!
4	This place has FANTASTIC FOOD! Their flatbreads are enough to feed two and are just to die for. When we entered the restaurant, service was great. The hostess was very welcoming, asked if we wanted to see the menu and that sat us right away. The service was a tad bit slow when it came to our server. That is why I'm going to give it 4 stars. I know it's a new establishment so i'm almost confident they will fix their issues here and there. He did apologize and was SO KIND. We were very happy with his service. It is also a little tight and a little loud in there, so nothing romantic or intimate in this restaurant!
4	Props for the overall venue, but I grew up bowling old school style. This is a concert venue/bowling alley hybrid & I'm not sure what to make of it!Disclaimer-I won free bowling, concerts & comped food & drink from vegas seven. I was treated well and given a great bowling lane. We enjoyed the BLT (really good), french fries, and a few drinks. Prices are high for drinks, beer is $7-8, speciality drinks are $12. This may be on par with drink prices at other venues at the Linq, I'm just used to locals prices off the StripDuring concerts, the screens on the lanes project the show. Looking forward to returning for another night of bowling!
4	Located at the Linq, my new fav spot.  If you want easy parking, valet at the Linq.  Brooklyn Bowl did not disappoint.  Came here for a concert on two different occasions, The Roots and The Green and will return for Lauryn Hill.  Concert wise, this place is totally set up.  Reminds me of House of Blues but on a WHOLE different level, 100x better.  They already have concerts set up through the months so you can plan when to return here sometime soon if you are a local of Las Vegas.  Food wise, food is pretty tasty.  Their smoked chicken is really good when they are not so drenched with sauce.  My hubby said their BLT had mad bacon and did not disappoint him.  Jumbo macaroni and cheese with the crispy cheese was yummy. However, what I can say was a bit disappointing, it took forever to get service from a waiter.  We had to wait long to order our food and we had to wait long getting our check.  Plus side, you get to overview the concert that is going on, big plus if you are seated in an area to view it.  Bowling lanes, I need to get on this because it looks like a lot of fun.  So a combination of food, bowling, and drinks is awesome.  I can foresee myself becoming a regular.
4	I cannot say enough flattering things about this place.  The food, the atmosphere, the staff, the music, the energy, the talent they have booked... on and on and on.  I will keep this simple: you MUST go here.  Whether you love music, fried chicken, bowling or just want something new to do - this is your spot.  For a new venue the staff is on point.  They were knowledgeable, friendly and full of suggestions on what to try.  The fried chicken was good but I was a little let down with the mac'n cheese (good but safe in flavor).  I will say, however, there were some variations on the mac that i didn't try, maybe that's what I am missing.  The cocktails are strong and relatively reasonable for the strip.  One of the best parts of the venue is that you can hear the talent from everywhere: dinning room, bar, bowling alley and, of course, the upstairs VIP area.  The sound system is killer; clear, clean and as loud as it gets.  The upstairs VIP area has a lounge section with these cool cow skin rugs and couches.  There is also an outdoor smoking section so up there so if you're not a smoker you can enjoy the show without hacking up a lung.  I haven't tried the bowling lanes yet but you know I'll give you an update as soon as I do.The only reason I am giving this spot four stars - their mac'n cheese needs a little flare and wine list wasn't too tasty.  I am sure these will both continue to develop over time.   Other than that, this spot is off to one hell of a memory making start!  Do yourself the pleasurous (yes I know that's a made-up word) favor and take your happy ass over to Brooklyn Bowl.  If you're not happy you went I probably won't believe you.
4	Saw Chance the Rapper give an amazing performance just after his 21st birthday. Great venue for any performer. Cool bowling alley, great service, fried chicken was soooo good!!!! Definitely check this place
2	What a shame...so much promise.Was our last day of our honeymoon and we headed down a couple of hours before we had to leave for the airport - in search of a lovely last experience of 3 weeks spent touring California and nevada. All started well. Great choice of craft beers, the chicken wings rocked as a starter but then came the main. I realised too late that I hadn't been asked how I wanted my burger cooked and unfortunately then got the dish I expected. Over cooked, well done, dry, lacking depth of flavour. I LOVE my burgers and had hunted out the best on our trip. This was sadly the worst we had. Also it seemed strange that the burger listed along the lines of the ultimate bowl burger came without cheese or bacon for which you had to pay extra on the $16 or so price tag. If it's the deluxe venue burger pimp it up guys!To top matters off my wife's chicken burger was made from chicken mince and not breast. She had one bite, said it was cold and didn't touch anymore. With such a cool venue, rock ethos, friendly staff and great beer menu we expected food to match - maybe a bad day in the kitchen but it sadly reminded us of cheap chain pub food in the uk - not fresh, lacking care and definitely a sad end to our beer and food tour that had so many highlights.
5	I had the chance to experience a night out at the original "Brooklyn Bowl", the one actually in Brooklyn two years ago and I was blown away by the place. So, on this trip to Vegas, when I learned that they had recently opened one here, I couldn't pass the chance to try it!It was a great idea! I think they did a wonderful job in capturing the spirit of the original. Same kind of industrial look, same concept of open spaces with bars, restaurant and bowling alleys all open to a stage area where great bans appears nightly. The owners have such great skill at finding great bands that I don't even need to know who is going to play, I know it's going to be good and I will have a great night!I sat at the restaurant just before the set and had a great table from where I can see the band. The food was good and tasty, the wine choice was a great match and the band was great.After dinner, I continue to wander a bit around the see the place and enjoy the band and then realized that there is a second floor! Yes, the place is much bigger than the original one with a full  second floor (often labeled as VIP or reserved for private event). The second floor have a large opening over the part where the band is playing but have another full set of bowling lanes, a bar area and a private lounge.The location is prime in Las Vegas just next to the Flamingo and across from the Mirage. It is located in a strip of shops called the "Linq" so you can't miss it, just head towards the largest "observation wheel" you ever saw!
2	Well we had a company function here today. Had fun bowling, then we wanted to get food. Went to the restaurant, only to be disappointed. Cajun fish is not Cajun, only blackened, not spicy at all. For those who can not have spicy food, do not order the Sloppy Joe, the menu says nothing but it is spicy. Did take time for the waiter to tell the manager of the problem, making it seem that I ate the sloppy joe. Not true, the sandwich comes with the bun off the sloppy joe with a pile diced spicy jalapeno on top. Took over 10 minutes for the replacement dish to come out by that time my co-workers were done with their food, so had to get it to go. Needless to say that we will not go there to eat. Bowling yes and it's free for locals the first hour. Great service while bowling. They just need to have better staff and a menu that is correct to show what they do feed you.
5	After visiting Brooklyn Bowl in Vegas, I quickly got back to my garage where I am building the laser from the 1989 Rick Moranis classic, "Honey I Shrunk The Kids." Why? I am shrinking this place, putting it in my pocket, clearing the security checkpoint in the airport, flying it to San Diego and opening it up down the street from my house. Love. This. Venue!Here's the deal, I always like to plan reasons to visit Vegas other than simply degenerate gambling - that just comes with the territory. So, when I saw a show listed for a couple of cool bands trying to kill some time between Coachella sets, I was all over it. Do yourself a favor, scan the upcoming shows and buy a few tickets. Brooklyn Bowl really is a good enough reason to make the trip to Sin City, at least for the music lover in me. The restaurant is solid and definitely deserves a quick visit before the the music starts in the main room. If you're running late, don't sweat, you can hear everything loud and clear while scarfing down dinner in one of their cozy booths. We opted for the famous fried chicken and I'm sorry, Public Enemy, I believe the hype. Best I ever had? Nope, but it's damn good and I recommend ordering it. With that being said, what the hell do I know? Well let me tell you!I know a thing or two about live music after touring with bands for 5+ years. I've seen small clubs and larger venues across the globe and can appreciate them from a totally different perspective. I can tell that Brooklyn Bowl is one of those venues that musicians get excited to play, which carries some weight. When bands are happy, they play better, longer and the crowd can genuinely feel the love. The incredible sound, the effortless set changes, the great lighting, the integrated bowling alley and numerous bars are all perks to the place and the list doesn't stop there... it's all just awesome! See you sooner than later, BB!
5	What an awesome addition to Vegas. Vegas really has nothing like this and I'm sure glad we do now. Charm C. had invited me to come here because there was a band performing and apparently you can eat and watch without having to buy a ticket. Awesome! Very fun experience I must say and the food and service were great as well. Charm C. and I shared the fried chicken dinner. Boy it was pretty good, although maybe not the best fried chicken I've ever had I certainly wouldn't mind ordering it again the next time I'm here. We also had fries and cucumbers as our sides. Fries were pretty standard shoestring fries since they were light and crisp and the cucumbers were mixed with red onion drizzled with vinegar. I really liked the fact we ordered cucumbers as second side since it was nice fresh bite between the fried food. Joanne our server was really awesome! Constantly checked up on us without being annoying, which tends to happen when you feel like your server is hoovering over you. She was also pretty personable, which can be kinda hard to carry a conversation with customers since the music is so loud, but yet she still did it! We tried eating slow so we could finish watching the concert, but it just came down to asking Joanne if it was okay to stay at our booth even if we were finished eating. She said that was fine and we "paid" for these seats. Wow, what an awesome answer, more brownie points for her! We finish our meal with the bread pudding and it was pretty good. If I had known they drizzle chocolate on top I would of asked for no chocolate because I am not a chocolate fan but it was still good none the less. I will definitely be coming here again next time there is a artist/band I like and will bring more friends with me!
3	A little of everything. Drinks, Bowling, Music. Yep, a locals place that is cool with tourist.
5	We happened to drop by on free bowling night! So we played 2 games, ordered the pork sliders, wedge salad & cupcake....LOVED it all! I've never had a couch to sit on when bowling, the server made great recommendations...we will definitely return! Sure the menu might be $$$ but we were not disappointed with flavors :)
1	I came in for lunch early afternoon with 7 of my associates and received laughable service. There were maybe two other tables in the entire restaurant besides our group.  It started with the waitress informing us she was unable to do separate checks (fine, but as someone in the service industry there are several ways to handle this) then she did not fill up our waters but simply dropped a pitcher and said we could do it ourselves. Also not the end of the world.... But then as our food began to come out it came out one plate at a time and over the course of ten minutes. The last person waiting had simply ordered vegetables.  Being as we were on a lunch break and had limited time, we requested our check early. Thank god we did because it took forever to get there. I wanted to give management a chance to hear about our experience before sharing our experience with all of our friends, associates, and tourists that I constantly recommend places to.  (We all work in the direct area at a bar and will not be recommending this place to anyone now) I was informed the manager on duty would be in a meeting for the next hour and was unavailable.  I would have called it even if the food was at least good.... But it wasn't. The sliders were served on hard bread and tasted bland. The fries were ok, but nothing to balance out their epically terrible service. All of this was beyond disappointing because I had heard such good things from friends. I will not even be attending concerts I wanted to see there, as I refuse to spend money at an establishment run this poorly.  Do not bother visiting Brooklyn Bowl.
5	Came here with a group of friends to see The Green perform.. While walking up to BB we saw a huge line of people and got worried but that was just the line for the box office.. If you had already purchased your ticket, you were able to walk straight to the entrance and head up the escalators... I really love the space of BB.. You are free to stand and listen to the music, get as close to the stage or as far away as you want, dance with your friends or go outside on the patio and hang out.. At one point one of my GFs and I were too drunk and wanted to sit down so we got a table in the restaurant section.. which BTW from our booth, we had a great view of the stage.. We ordered cheese fries which came out to be over $13 (a bit overpriced IMO) but service was friendly, especially the drink runner, Pons!I will definitely be coming back to the Brooklyn Bowl and will hopefully be taking advantage of some of the bowling promotions that they do for locals~HOT TIP: BUY YOUR TICKETS IN ADVANCE! It's cheaper and gets you in faster...
2	*THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE RESTAURANT ONLY, NOT THE CONCERT VENUE*Came to eat brunch on 4/19 and catch Robert Randolph's brunch concert as well at 1p. I reserved a table and when I arrived at 12p, I was seated promptly in the corner of their bar area. I was given a menu, and looked everywhere for brunch (which is advertised on their website as available on Saturdays and Sundays), and it was nowhere to be found. I asked my waiter and he said "Oh, we don't serve brunch."Huh....? it says on the las vegas BB website that brunch is available Saturdays and Sundays at 11a. When I told him this, he said he would go talk to someone to see. He comes back a few minutes later and says "yeah we aren't serving brunch at this time." He seemed sympathetic but not at all excited about working there, and the hostesses gave that vibe as well. The entire reason I came to eat there was for the Cinnamon Pizza advertised on their brunch menu. Why would you advertise something being available and not serve it? Especially when there's a "Brunch with...." concert the same day?? Not cool.I was really hungry, so my friend and I decided to just order something anyways, so I got the fried catfish sandwich and a magic hat to wash it down. It was okay, but nowhere worth $15. the catfish breading wasn't seasoned at all, and the balsamic vinaigrette served with the greens was super bitter, even for my tastes. I didn't finish it all, because the sandwich fell apart and because the concert I was going to had started.I'm willing to give this place another go around if they ever fix their brunch menu. I hate to say, but the dining experience here was a let-down.
2	Pretty disappointing. I was curious about what the Linq had to offer, and if this is it, I am concerned. We went on a Saturday night and although bowling was advertised outside, we were unable to even enter the bowling area- it looked like a group had rented it out. There was ample seating around the bars, which was nice, but the drinks were expensive and mediocre at best. In fact, the mojito crossed from mediocre to un-drinkable. For those prices I would rather go next door to Yardhouse where there is a far better drink selection, not to mention some yummy appetizers.
2	Dropped by to have an afternoon snack and  ordered the six piece BBQ chicken wings. Wings were dry and the BBQ sauce was too sweet like the sweet and sour sauce at McDonald's.
4	**Overall, I'd skip the food and go for their awesome music venue. If you feel you've imbibed too much oat soda, try their fried chicken, it's perfect drunk food.**I don't know what to make of this place? So, I'll middle it with  4-stars and I'll update accordingly. I've been to BB twice, my first visit was to the bar/restaurant only during its soft opening. It's the same menu from the original BB, and the food is made by Blue Ribbon, the same Blue Ribbon that's at the Cosmopolitan. Their signature dish is their fried chicken. It was featured on Food Network's BEST THING I EVER ATE. It was good, very crunchy and flavorful. All the other dishes were forgettable, literally, I've forgotten all about them. I vaguely remember the pizzas being sub-par. They use french bread for the crust, which is cute in a kitschy way, but c'mon, this place is named BROOKLYN Bowl? I was expecting some amazing cheesy, greasy, NY-style pizza. But I digress... The Venue.... A-M-A-Z-I-N-G. The actual stage area is really small and intimate, it is standing room only BUT you can leave and grab a beer or food at the bar anytime! Or you can bowl! WTF? How cool is that? Too cool, because as I get older, standing with 500 other hot, sweaty bodies for 2+ hours is not my idea of fun. Needless to say the seating area gets packed. Their lineup of bands are not bad. The prices are a downright steal, especially if you consider how intimate the venue is. I only hope my favorite live band will come into town and play here and not at some huge arena type venue. One can only hope....Sidenote: the bar has bottles of Absolut Brooklyn vodka adorning their shelves. But alas, it's only for decoration. Absolut Brooklyn was a limited-edition, ginger and apple flavored vodka, put out by the Absolute company in 2010. And as much as we begged, the staff would not sell it. I don't know if the server was joking, but he said a bottle would cost around $400 and they might sell it at their one-year anniversary.
4	I love the place. It has great ambiance very spacious, awesome service and great staff.  The food is kind of different but good.  I have been on 2 occasions so I will compile my insight into 1 review.  The fried chicken is their signature dish, being a black man I fancy myself to know a lil about fried chicken. Stereotype intended!  The skin on the fried chicken I think is too breaded, it is almost separate from the chicken. However it is tasty but if I were to eat chicken here again it would be their wings.  Those are some of the best lil chicken wings I have ever tasted, the sauce, the smokiness are a must try.  The grilled catfish was descent, mac and cheese was alright, I really enjoyed the red beans and rice.  Their french fries are stellar. The rock and roll fries are like crack.  I ordered them with light gravy and I couldn't stop shoveling them in my mouth. Share that dish its a lot. Pizzas come on french bread which is cool, we ordered The Beach "pulled pork" and it was ok a little better when I used the sauce from the wings to pour on it.My friend had shake it was good but there was no side cup, and it was $10, super overpriced.  The chocolate bread pudding is freaking fantastic I didn't care about that price of about $12 totally delicious.  I want to comeback again and maybe try the po boy, or muffalata.  Also its cool because sometimes bowling here is free.  I have yet to see one of the shows but maybe soon.
4	Caught Primus and Gogol Bordello there. Awesome venue! Perfect size and an interesting layout. In between bands we grabbed a booth in the restaurant section. Quick and painless with very attentive service. Devoured a plate of Rock 'N Roll fries. Delicious! Drinks were priced well for being on the strip but the only negative would be an underwhelming beer selection. Easy to get in and out of the venue with multiple options for parking. Excited for Jane's Addiction and Fishbone next weekend!
1	I was excited to bring my family here. We came in to bowl an hour of fun. What happened was our waitress kept refilling our pitcher while a quarter was still there, and tried to pour it out in our glasses every chance she could. In the end she charged for every refill.. Of soda. $10 each time. I gladly tipped the hostess. Waitress said it was a weird new rule (umm, to rip off patrons?) she said it was mgts fault, so I asked for mgt. of course Ashley was in a meeting. Terrible first and last impression. Beware, for a good time skip the scam.
1	If is a big headliner don't bother going... I went to see Janes Addiction 5/9/2014 and what a HUGE disappointment. The stage is sunk down so those folks in the back can not see a thing- people constantly pushing and bumping you to get a better spot. I finally had to leave. I Understand this is a rock concert, I go to many, but this was the worst Venue lay-out I have ever seen. On the way out we expressed our disappointment to the manager -- he had nothing to say, just gave us a blank look and shrugged his shoulders.  Why they wouldn't raise the stage is beyond me- horrible! Don't waste your money like I did.Ps There was lots of confusion by everyone while trying to get in the place-- it was not clear why you were standing in line ( was it to by tickets, will call or just to get in with your ticket already purchased ) Security guards were RUDE -- get some organization- it was a cluster ****!
2	I went to see janes addiction on sat for the late show. First of all nobody in Vegas knows where it is or how to get there. We got there at 9:30 so we figured we were ok since we thought there would be a opening band and that's all we would miss, I'll be a $2 TJ hooker, janes addiction was already on stage. The place is a f'n bowling alley WTF. Unless you get there super early or you push your way in good look seeing from the back. BS. In order to get to the ground level you need to reserve a f'n bowling lane, what a joke.  I thought this was a concert venue not a stupid bowling alley. This place is a joke to see concerts. Lame. Not a good place to see a band. The sound was surprisingly decent that's why it gets 2 stars instead of 1.
4	Tickets: BBLV utilizes Ticketfly for online sales. There is a service charge on orders, however, their website doesn't state how it is calculated (it was $6.93 on a $25 ticket). For delivery options, Print-at-Home and Will Call are free, standard mail is $3.50, and UPS 2nd-Day Air is $17.95. The box office is your best bet. There are no service charges and obviously, you don't have to worry about delivery. The downside: there is a credit/debit card processing fee of $3/ticket. However, if you buy your tickets with cash, there are absolutely NO fees! I can't remember the last time I was able to buy a ticket at the posted price.Shows: The stage is located next to the bowling lanes, near the back of the property. You can actually view it from the lanes and some areas of the dining room. The space is General Admission (standing room only) with VIP sky boxes on both sides of the stage. Ruben and I visited last month for The Naked and Famous show with The 1975 and White Lies. We arrived after the posted "Doors Open at.." time, but they weren't allowing anyone to enter, so we were directed to wait on the stairs (with the line starting next to the dining area). Security was rather strict with bag searches, pat-downs, and ID checks. Some shows are 18+ or 21+, so I'm assuming a wristband meant the latter. I like the intimate space of the stage area and this particular show was really great! The sound was good and the venue in general was really cool. The screens on the bowling lanes showed live feed of the show, so it's not a bad idea to reserve a lane instead of buying a ticket. Plus, the stage is open air, so I'm sure the music can be enjoyed everywhere. I would definitely see a show here again.I haven't had a chance to bowl or try the menu yet (I've had the Blue Ribbon chicken at their Cosmopolitan location), so I'll add it to my review in the future! Anyway, it's a great place to hang out and I love the versatility of the venue.IMPORTANT Update (12/15/14): The box office does NOT charge a credit card fee anymore. However, there is a standard $2 fee on every ticket purchased at the box office. Still MUCH cheaper than purchasing online!! The processing fee on Ticketfly's website was $10 and some change for a $35 ticket. It's ridiculous. Also, tickets are now more expensive on the day of the show.
4	went here for the janes addiction concert. fun venue and great concert. only problem was entering was a little bit hectic.
4	One of my new favorite places in the heart of Vegas.When I first saw the wheel being constructed last year I did not get it.Upon seeing the completion of the project I'm very impressed.I love The Linq area of Vegas and also love The Brooklyn Bowl what a great place it's massive.Fried chicken is the house  specialty it looked very good.So drop by if your in the area I don't think you will be disappointed .I know that I will be going back next year!
4	LOL to the folks writing bad reviews about this place for Janes Addiction shows last weekend. Yeah, line to get in was slightly annoying, as doors were supposed to have opened way before we got there..but no big deal, everyone showed up around 9, no surprise there.. Really?? Didn't know what time show started..look at the tix! Doors 7 show 9, no opening band listed (and actually, Janes didnt come on til almost 9:45 Sat night).  Really, couldn't see the stage, well walk around til u find a spot that you can, not that tough. People bumping into you at a rock concert, really, wow, what a shock.  Place is great.  Reminds me a little of HOB in LA. Sound was excellent, and Janes rocked! Bartenders were quick. Upcoming lineup of bands is impressive. Haven't tried the food yet, but if its anything like Blue Ribbon in NY (same folks doing the grub as BBowl in Vegas) it will be excellent.  Great new place in the heart of the strip!
4	Ahhh! This place is so cool and there's nothing quite like it in the SF Bay Area!Brooklyn Bowl is restaurant, bar, bowling alley, and music venue! My boyfriend and I were in LV for a few nights and came here for Galactic's midnight show. The sound was great and there was plenty of room for dancing. They also keep the entire place well air-conditioned so that was definitely a huge plus for me.The best part about Brooklyn Bowl is their fried chicken. I think I talk about it at least once a week. My boyfriend and I split the 1/2 mixed order which came with mashed potatoes and collared greens (w/bacon). Everything on that plate was PHENOMENAL. The chicken is juicy, well seasoned, fried to perfection, and had just the right amount of heat. Both the sides were also really good, but the chicken was...just unbelievably good.I can't wait to go back!
5	Not your classic music venue - in fact, it serves as a restaurant, bar, bowling lane, and concert venue all together. The design? Vintage-modern, if there's anything like that. Once you climb up the escalator to the main level, you'll step into a different world: brick-exposed walls, Ramones on the stereo, you'll feel dark and mysterious. It makes you want to get a tattoo immediately. And grow your hair. And drown a Whiskey bottle. But there's no barber nor an ink studio here. But a well equipped bar. With the Whiskey in my hand, I'm making my way to the general admission. Bowling lanes on the left, TV screens with ESPN on the right. Have Jane's Addiction ever played in a sports bar? One and a half hour later all the skepticism is gone. They turned this Brooklyn Mixed Bowl into a rock house. And Brooklyn Bowl, you delivered.
1	Jane's addiction 5/9/14This place sucks and gets one star for keeping the beer cold. Unless you are right in the front of the stage you won't be able to see the band. Who the F@CK designed this place. It's the worst layout for a "concert" venue I've been to. Unless you're over 6'0 don't even bother. I'm 6'0 and had a hard time seeing the band. WTF??To the GM:The bartenders are skimming. I was charged different prices for mixed drinks all night and bar staff take change automatically for tips. My total was $18 and I handed the bartender a $20 which he took to the register and walked away. I had to track him down and ask for my change. He looked pissed and tossed it at me and did not even say anything. Guess what, he just lost $2 cause I was going to tip him $2 had he given me change in the first place. As a service industry professional I was shocked by this!!I will never return to this venue. As a local, this bummed me out. I do not recommend this venue at all!! But if u must go, drink before you go. They will rip you off. They love dopey drunk tourists!!
4	One of my fave places to hang out whether its listening to live music, having a few drinks or eating. LOVE!! Their fried chicken, egg shooters, smoked chicken wings and mac and cheese! Wish their salad selection was better but I don't mind because the chicken and mac and cheese makes up for it! The staff are also cool there, however, I think they need more servers to assist the restaurant because the wait to order could be an issue. I've already seen a handful of artist perform here at the Vegas Brooklyn Bowl (The Roots, The Green, Robert Randolph and most recently Lauren Hill) and hope to see more awesome artist on their upcoming line up. I'm definitely a fan! :)
3	This place is jammed pack. Very busy with like a million things going on at once. Came here for the lauryn hill show. It seems as though if you were already here bowling you didn't have to buy a ticket as you can watch the show while you bowl.  That's $70 I could have possibly saved? And I was kinda bummed there was no sitting areas to view the show -_- everything was a big cluster f---. They need to find a way to better manage the concert area. For the show itself, her performances were great I liked that she remixed all the songs. Almost a 2 hr intermission from the opening act was ridiculous!!! she performed for about one hr and then left the stage and i left the venue. IDK if the concert was over then or not.  I would return here to bowl and try the food.
5	I can't express how much I love this place! I only wish that you could do separate reviews for concert and restaurant?I came here the other night for the Lauryn Hill concert. My friends aren't huge fans so dishing out $70 a ticket was a bit too much. Instead, we decided to dine in the restaurant and listen to her singing in the background. There was a 1+ hour wait for a table when we first got there. Not a big deal. I left my number with the hostess and she said she would text me when the table was ready. 15 minutes later, I got a text so we rushed back! It was just in time too because the opening act was finishing up and ms hill was set to go on stage. We ordered our beers and fried chicken. It was delicious! Go for the dark meat. So juicy and crispy. The only thing that sucked was that we had to wait a loooong time for the honey and ranch to come out. They were busy though so I don't really mind. The waiters and servers are awesome. My friend accidentally tipped her half empty beer over and spilled a bit of it on the table. Our main server brought us out an extra filled beer for free. Super nice of him! I love Brooklyn Bowl! Free concert while grubbin on some good food and beer!
4	This place might be known as the hot new concert venue, but it shouldn't be overlooked for its food. With a menu from the Bromberg brothers of Blue Ribbon fame, their fried chicken has garnered much praise. The mixed fried chicken dinner might be pricey (at least for lunch) but it didn't disappoint. Consisting of half a chicken -- one breast, wing, thigh, and drumstick -- it's plenty filling for almost any hungry diner. Plus it comes with mashed potatoes and collard greens. You'd be hard pressed to find an exterior as delicately crispy, crunchy, and flavorful as the one coating this fried chicken. Along with meat that was juicy and tender, it was by far the best fried chicken I've had in town.
5	I decided to take a stroll around The Linq tonight to check out some of the new restaurants and shops that have popped up in the last month. I stopped into Brooklyn Bowl to grab a bite to eat and was totally impressed! The staff was super friendly (bartender Paul is super hot!) and the food was great! I had the Chicken Muffuletta sandwich with a side of mixed greens. The greens were lightly dressed and the sandwich was absolute perfection. There's an olive spread on the sandwich that bring just the right amount of salt to the meal. Delish! I'll definitely be back!
1	Unfortunately I had the worst customer service experience I have had in a really long time. I had to repeatedly ask for drink orders. My friend asked twice to place an order and the order got ignored. We tried to ask another waiter but when asked he said that we had to place it with our waiter and e was going to go get him. Twice we did this the waiter never came. TWO hours later we never got our drinks!!!It was honestly the worst case of just not giving a F&#k by the employees there. The only reason this place deserves a one star is because the food we had was good, even though ordering the food was also quite a challenge.
2	I wish Brooklyn Bowl deserved a better rating from me, because in all honesty the idea of it is amazing! However, the service here completely killed the great rating it should have gotten, and instead got a measly 2 stars. The first I went to BB was during the first couple of weeks of it's opening. I had gone for a work event and concert, was upstairs in the "VIP" section so I thought the service should've been on top of its game, but it wasn't. Bowling was complimentary, so my party and I picked a lane and looked for our assigned server to assist with getting it started. I had to ask 3 different people, all of which told me they would inform my server to come and help. 45 mins later and no one had showed up to help yet, however, parties in the lanes surrounding us had all been helped (they must have had more attentive servers) Where the hell was our help!? Finally, I saw what seemed to be a manager and asked for help, and then finally some unaware jerk in red came to assist.---The next time I visited was for bowling only. At least this time we were sent up just fine, however forget about trying to get a food/drink order in this place. My friend had placed a drink order twice with our assigned server, which he blatantly ignored and walked away. Finally I had gotten an order in as I saw him taking another persons order, so I had to interrupt and add my order to theirs. After that round of drinks were gone, we tried to find the server again, but it seemed as though he decided to not check up on our lane. I had to ask 3 other servers who walked by to place an order, all which told me they would find my assigned waiter and relay the message. Holy geez, this guy never showed up... for the rest of the freakin' night. I saw him, but he was too busy chatting with the ladies in the lane next to us, instead of doing his job and serving people. Come on BB management. Get your employees on track. The only reason it got 2 stars and not 1 was because the food is delicious, but I'm sure that had nothing to do with the lazy servers I've dealt with thus far.
5	Just saw the Tedeschi Trucks Band at the Brooklyn Bowl. Wow!! What an unbelievable place to see a concert. We went early to grab some food before the show. Very cool sorta comfort food/bar food. I was boring and ordered a burger and my brother ordered the BBQ pork Sliders. Service was fast and friendly and the food was excellent. If you are a local you have to check this place out. I know that most locals want to avoid the strip most of the time but this is worth your time. All of the bowling lanes are situated right next to the stage and the floor where the concerts are so you can be bowling and enjoy a concert(we didn't bowl this time but we will next time).  The venue is small, probably would hold 2500 max and the floor is set up with no seating so you can wander right up to the stage if you want. It is hard to explain how cool this place is, I really hope it makes it here. Ticket prices are totally reasonable, I ordered my tickets online and paid $35 each( I saw them last year at the Hard Rock for three times that price and not that great of seats).  I will go back every chance I get.
5	Positively awesome.  If you could take House of Blues and mix it with a bowling alley, put some great food with a cool bar, then sprinkle cabana-like service you would get it.  This place is really cool.  Like really super cool. I went here with my family just after noon and I couldn't believe how fun it was. It is very kid friendly right after opening at noon, but I would think this would change around 4pm as the atmosphere must be truly adult-like (as it should  be).  Our service was spot-on, and that is what made the experience great.  It felt just like cabana service at the major Strip resorts - but at a bowling alley. It took my brain a few minutes to wrap around that concept.  I can't wait to see a show here. I missed Cake. Grrrr.I really like this place. We will see how things go on the next visit.
4	Went for a show 5/30 great sound at a very cool venue.  Bought giant beers outside at their beer stand.  Place is a lot larger than I thought it would be.  Not much seating in concert area, seems to be a lot of empty space.  Will try it again.
4	Awesome concept. We came in for a late lunch- everything was good, my fave by far is the corn- spicy & delicious.  Avoid the kids pizza.
5	The fried chicken is amazing! So are the fries...and the corn...and the pizza lol We haven't been bowling yet but they have great food and it's huge!
4	I came here for the fried chicken and was not disappointed.When I first walked in, I thought holy cow, the dining area is tiny.  I was wrong.  The BAR area is tiny, but you can also dine outside, in the other bar area, and in the lounge.  I originally went on opentable to book a reservation and was bummed to see the earliest was 8:00.  We had just arrived at Vegas and I was so hungry, so I called to see if they could take us earlier at 6:00.  They could! (Score!).We walked in and the place was EMPTY.  Duh.. most people don't eat at old people time in Vegas.  8:00 was probably the first time slot for normal people, ha ha.  We had a quaint table in the corner and Kelcie was our server.  She was such a fun gal, and we chatted with her about the food, the city and the restaurant.  Stephen and I shared the Rock n Roll fries which reminded me of a poutine: fries covered in gravy and cheese and spices.  The fries were not spicy at all, and I would suggest asking for MORE gravy, as it barely had any.  Still a great dish!We then shared the "Mixed" fried chicken dinner which is a 1/2 chicken, mashed potatoes and collared greens with bacon.  Stephen LOVED the collared greens and splittlng the plate was the perfect solution.  The chicken wasn't greasy and the matzo coating made it light and crunchy.  The habanero carrot sauce had a strong kick, but the honey drizzled on the chicken balanced it.Dinner came to $40something with 2 drinks, and best of all, it was "comp'd" because I used my total rewards points to pay for it.SCORE!
5	Freaking fantastic ambiance! Such a fun, rustic venue. We saw a show last Saturday night and it didn't disappoint. They could use a few more tables around the bowling check in center but other than that, this is a really sweet new spot in Vegas. We are planning to check out the lineup next year and visit when a favorite artist rolls in to town. Highly recommend stopping by this place for a drink, bowling or food. The menu looked great.
5	It's located in The Linq right before the High Roller Wheel; next to Sprinkles Cupcakes. Some of my favs from the Brooklyn Bowl Las Vegas menu are the Fried Calamari, The Greek French Bread Pizza, Chicken Muffuletta, and the famous Rock And Roll Fries. It's an amazing standing music venue, restaurant, and bowling alley. Where else can you experience all three experiences all together. It's also great place just to hangout with friends on a normal night out and grab a beer on tap.
2	Great concept. Poor execution. Very overpriced. The place looks great.The staff really doesn't seem to know what is going on. We went to see a show and for months they couldnt tell me about renting a lane. We did a VIP Meet & Greet and they didn't know the time or where it would be held hours prior to the show starting. When they did figure it out, they had us hanging outside in 100+ degree heat for about an hour with no shade. The sound isn't that great and $12 for a shot of fireball? $750 to rent a lane for a show? On a positive note: the food was really good! I would stop by to eat and have a few cocktails, but I wouldn't bother seeing a concert here.
5	Came here for The Naked & Famous and the 1975 show back in May and let me say that this place is probably my new favorite venue.Me & my friends got bored as shit during the 1975 so we decided to eat at the little restaurant right there by the bowling alley. You don't get a freaking restaurant with a view of the stage in many or any venue! I had a blast at this venue. If I had paid probably a ridiculous amount for an upgraded ticket I could have even probably reserve a bowling alley and they even have screens on above the pin showing the concert even though the stage was right there. And bars, bars at every corner. Man I had a great experience here. Awesome performance by the Naked & Famous. Ate these bomb ass "Rock n' Roll" French fries. Idk if I was just hungry as shit but those fries would be enough for me to come back even if there wasn't a concert haha. That lime margarita I had wasn't too bad either. Security was a little bish though but hey that's expected at concerts. Other than that I really hope more of my favorite hipsterobscurebandsthatnoonesevenheardoflolwtf play at this venue because I can't stand the House of Blues anymore or the Joint. And don't forgot to get ice cream next door after the show. Such a great vibe at this place.
5	Good place for family fun, during the hot Vegas days, after 6-9 adults only.. food is good, bowling is great
2	Note: I only give out 5 stars to surprisingly EXCEPTIONAL, best-in-class establishments.SUMMARY:  This restaurant can be summed up with a simple statement: interesting concept, horrible execution.  Save your money.  There are tons of wonderful restaurants & interesting eateries in Las Vegas.  With such strong competition, you don't need to waste your time in a place like Brooklyn Bowl--the food is reasonably tasty, but not worth the absolutely horrible service.  This is not the kind of restaurant you want to take your family to espescially if you have small kids--it's amazingly loud, and you will have to shout somewhat to talk to one another.  The ONLY reason I didn't give this place 1 star: the manager who at least attempted to salvage the situation.My brother-in-law serves in the Navy in Marlyand.  His wife is temporarily living in Las Vegas with thier 7-month-old daughter so she can finish the internship requirement of her photography degree.  As a surprise birthday present to his wife, my in-laws arranged to have their son flown in for a little less than a week so they can spend time together.  When she walked onto the High Roller, she had no idea that her husband would be arriving to surprise her; it was a wonderful time on the 30-minute ride with her husband, daughter, mother, father-in-law, mother-in-law, sister-in-law (my wife), niece (my 3-week-old daughter) and me.  After our fun ride, we had a 7 PM reservation for a meal at Brooklyn Bowl.  Or so we thought.Upon our arrival, the two very rude hostesses kept asserting that they didn't have our reservation, despite the printed reservaton confirmation we provided.  Frankly, I don't care whether The Linq concierge failed to transmit the reservation to Brooklyn Bowl or whether someone at Brooklyn Bowl failed to input the reservation into their system.  I don't care whose fault it is because I know one absolute thing--IT ISN'T OUR FAULT.  After pressing the issue with the manager and Concierge for over 15 minutes, the seven of us (a friend joined us after the ride on the High Roller) with two chidren in tow were finally crammed into one booth.  I asked if we could be seated at the vacant table next to us, but the hostess said it was reserved for another party.  Then she rudely added, "Just like the table we're giving to your party."  I felt like defending our position as their customers (who had placed a reservation, confirmed by our printout), but I figured, why fight with someone who barely makes more than minimum wage?  I've got better things to do & accomplish in life.I hoped that our waiter would finally provide a semblance of good service.  To be completely honest, he was accommodating and friendly.  However, at best, the wait staff were quite absent-minded.  Food orders arrived incomplete.  Drinks took quite a while to be refilled.  (It's 100 degrees outside, the food is very salty and the glasses aren't very large... safe to say, a waiter's got to work to keep those glasses filled!)  The food was average; I ordered the fried chicken dinner, and while it was reasonably tasty, the chicken was overcooked so the coating tasted slightly burned.  The manager was kind enough to provide our party with desserts on the house for the oversight  & trouble regarding our reservation, and the poor service we received before being seated.  I thought, "Now THIS guy knows how to treat a customer... that must be one reason why he's a manager."  We ordered desserts to go, since the kids started to get fussy.  When they arrived, we found that we were missing some desserts.  Wow, even the "apology" dessert order couldn't be fulfilled properly.  Like I said before, nice concept/idea... horrible execution.  There's much more I could explain about the horrible service we received, what I witnessed at the tables around us & what those diners were saying about their waiter(s) and the poor service I witnessed being given by the hostess to other potential diners (some who were unfortunate enough to not have a reservation and were rudely told off).  Frankly, I'm tired of writing.  But take my word for this, poor service is a strong theme in this place, even on a night that wasn't particularly busy.
4	Very cool venue that tries to replicate the warehouses of Brooklyn.  Love the attention to detail of the space (brick, concrete, pipes).  Saw Brown Sabbath here on a Friday night and there was no cover.  Drinks are a bit pricey but hey I didn't pay to get in so who's complaining.  We didn't eat in the restaurant but would be a cool place to get dinner before a show.  There are a few bowling lanes to the left of the stage and the whole place has a great ambiance.  Would definitely hit it up again if there was a good show happening or for a round of bowling.
5	my boyfriend and i were passing through vegas for a couple days and saw that tedeschi trucks was playing with soulive at the brooklyn bowl. we knew if tickets were affordable, we had to go. we bought the tickets 2 days before and couldn't wait.finding the place was only slightly difficult, as it's in a plaza, off of the street. kind of hidden from the main drag. we decided to eat first. my boyfriend had gone to the real brooklyn bowl before and told me tales of how delicious their fried chicken is. he wasn't lying. it was easily the best fried chicken i ever had. comes with 2 slices of buttered toast as well. the only problem: the smallest portion you can get is 8 pieces. unless you're starving or a really big eater, that's too much for one person. and if you came for a concert, chances are, you don't want to carry your leftovers with you. we split the chicken and i also got the mac n cheese. the mac was delicious as well, but again, way too big of a portion. i was disappointed we couldn't eat more because the food was on the expensive side.after eating, we moved into the actual concert section. big floor, 2 bars, and a few hightop tables and stools to sit at. good music venue, you pretty much have a good view from every spot.
4	Great venue for music, food, oh and bowling..try the fried chicken at the restaurant! The batter is so good and chicken so tender. lots of room and places to hang out in there (indoor and outdoor seating).
4	I have gone to the OG Brooklyn Bowl several times and when this opened up a few months ago, I knew my summer was going to be filled with awesome live music.Saw Bonobo a few weeks and it was quite the amazing show. Everyone vibing! If Bonobo stops in your town this fall, you must go see him!Heading out tonight to see Thievery Corporation and maybe get my fingers dirty with some fried chicken.Have a great summer Yelpers!
5	Recently saw Thievery Corporation here!! It was fantastic! You can easily see the stage anywhere you stand. Very intimate, great 'good old American' food (which isn't always my first choice), excellent sound, lights, atmosphere, staff and crowed. Oh and the Linq shopping area is very nice! Loved my entire experience! Will be back soon!
4	Went to see Thievery Corporation 6/10. Nice venue with ample space and ease of access to bar areas.  The sound system was A+.  Prices for drinks were on par with The Strip.  All staff were friendly and helpful. Nice balcony area for smokers overlooking The Linq.  Bathrooms were tidy and equipped with an attendant who supplied a nice array of toiletries.  Brooklyn Bowl would get five stars if they provided more seating and tables in the venue area because, there's literally four tiny bar height tables each equipped with 2-4 seats. Besides these and the two bars, there are no other places to sit or sit your drink down (unless you rent a bowling lane).
3	I wasn't impressed with the food. I ordered the hamburger, which was overcooked and flavorless. These days there are a lot of great burgers out there and if I'm going to pay $16 for one, I expect it to be GOOD. That being said, it's a cool environment with live music and fun vibe.
4	Went to the Brooklyn Bowl for the first time Friday night to see Steve Winwood perform.A nice intimate venue, not crazy like some music venues get.They really should set up seating on the main stage floor.There is also a bowling venue adjacent so you could hear the band play and watch it on screens that sat above the lanes.You can eat, drink and have a great time at the Brooklyn Bowl.Oh...Steve Winwood was awesome!
4	I truly love the whole new area that is "the Linq" on the Strip, and Brooklyn Bowl is no exception to the awesomeness.This modern day bowling alley/concert venue/restaurant/dancehall/anything else you want to imagine it to be is so impressive looking with a hip and fresh vibe that says, "Welcome to cool." It really felt like I stepped into Brooklyn Bowl on Wythe avenue in New York, but with the comfort of knowing you're still out west where the weather is best.I especially appreciate that you can watch all the action on the stage while you're knocking down 10 pins and knocking back some cocktails, but my visit here was to see the O.A.R. concert. The acoustics were impressive, and I like the fact that you can get pretty close to the stage while you rock it with the band. It looks like Brooklyn bowl will continue to host some impressive musical guests, but the next time I come back I want to try out the lanes and the food.Keep up the good work,  Brooklyn Bowl!
1	Stopped by for dinner, food was okay but wayy over priced, and i cant get over the bad service to even be able to give this place a review. Especially with the number of employees just standing round looking at each other. Definitely had a cool vibe/concept and will try the bowling alley and the venue and re review... but idk if it can redeem itself for me.
2	Haven't tried the food yet but ordered 45 min ago.. No matter how good the good is. Which is French fries and fried chix. The wait is crazy ridiculous.. I'm a cook fries and chix doesn't take this long especially when there is only 5 tables here.  GO TO YARD HOUSE ITS BETTER.
4	Went here to see PRIMUS in concert. This place attracts all types of music genres, thus attracting all types of people. The set up is awesome. Bars aplenty, with hip lighting, and an old carnival feel. The acoustics are great, the layout is fun. During intermission, my sister and I had a bathroom break and didn't have a problem finding a table at one of the restaurant/bar areas (the area directly to your right as you come up off the escalator). The best part was that PRIMUS seemed to have an ongoing 'cartoon' playing during their intermission, and we didn't miss a thing since we watched from the many TVs set up in the eating area. Definitely looking forward to going back to bowl, and partaking in some of the delicious looking menu items. Prime location, in the heart of the Linq. Prime people watching. Prime sounds. Prime eats. (using the word PRIME a lot, as to tie in the band I was at Brooklyn Bowl for-PRIMus.) Sometimes I'm just like that. =)Can't wait to go back!
4	I'll give BB 4 stars. My wife and I just saw Thievery Corporation there and it was a really great show. Obviously, most of the credit for that would have to go to the band but even so, I think the venue held up it's part of the deal quite well. The sound was pretty good, but some of the vocals were mixed a little too low to really hear. That being said, I was both surprised and relieved that I never once heard any noise from the adjacent bowling lanes. The main floor is flat, but sunken, and there's plenty of space in the back and on the sides, which I imagine offer pretty decent, unobstructed views (not certain though. we were in the front). For the most part, I really dig the set-up and I continue to be impressed with the number of quality shows they're booking. There are already a few show that I plan on seeing there, so I imagine I'll be coming back fairly frequently.The food: We had some time before the show and were both starving, so we decided to try their famous fried chicken. It was really good. Crispy, juicy and cooked to order, it wasn't (by any means) the best fried chicken I've ever eaten, but I'd definitely order it again. They offer honey and a habanero buffalo sauce, and I recommend trying a bit of both. They really set the chicken off. Beyond that, the mashed potatoes were good, but nothing special, and the collard greens were pretty good, but a little dry (or maybe "not wet enough" is more accurate). With our dinner, we each tried one of their drafts (Brooklyn Brown?), and it was quite tasty.The whole meal, while good, was a bit too expensive for what it was, though. So, in all honesty, I don't see us coming back for food all that often. That's it, I suppose. It's a really nice place to see a concert, but if you aren't careful, it could end up being a really expensive night.
5	This place is awesome!!  So much fun for both adults and kids. The atmosphere is incredible there's so much to do and see plus the food is great!
5	Best place to watch a concert in Vegas... by far! Food and customer service was exceptional!
4	They've captured the highlights of Brooklyn with this venue. It also seems like the corrected the flaws of local venues to produce one helluva place to catch a show. Awesome set up, TV's are everywhere so you don't miss a thing. Only complaint is the line at the main bar moves a bit slow. I always wish venues would offer a beer line only, but they never do...We saw Soja, it was a Tuesday night show, but the floor filled quickly after the opening act. We saw the opportunity for our group to upgrade to the VIP booths upstairs when we noticed availability prior to show time. We negotiated a fair price (if we didn't meet our food/beverage minimum, we could've moved to the bowling lanes after the show until we met it - I thought that was nice); got our bracelets and took over booth and then bellied up to rail once Soja took the stage. Service was attentive. We couldn't get enough of the Drunken Palmers. Great show, venue and good time!
1	This place is a rip off. A scam. If you're local, don't even bother. It's one of those places that is set up to rip off tourists. It's 25 bucks for a half hour of bowling plus 5 bucks per person for shoes. What they don't tell you is, your 30 minutes starts the second you leave the counter...so pretty much by the time you get your shoes on and type your names in...your 30 minutes is now 15- 20 minutes of actual bowl time. They also brought us the wrong size shoe so waiting for that also cut into our time. (They deliver the shoes to your lane) Add their ridiculous food prices on top of that and forget it. Then the waitress has the nerve to tell us that normally you get free bowling if you buy food "but just not today". Wtf? I'm am such a low maintenance person and it really takes a lot to get me to the point where I say, "I'm never going back" but I'm not. Ever. And I want my money back.
3	Fun bowling venue! Good for groups and parties. Food is delish and unlike other places, it has couches!
5	I really like Brooklyn Bowl.  Any place that's open in the late night hours till 2am for great food, live music, and bowling is an instant fave for me.First things first, you can not leave Brooklyn Bowl without trying the Blue Ribbon Fried Chicken.  It is ridiculously delicious!!Blue Ribbon Fried Chicken --  http://bit.ly/1njeypC1/2 Fried Chicken served with White Toast, Mashed Potatoes, Collard Greens with Bacon and HoneyI ordered the Mixed dinner which comes with drumstick, breast, thigh, and wing.  It doesn't get any better than Blue Ribbon Fried Chicken.  This was so good, especially at 1am in the morning!  Believe the hype!  The chicken was perfectly fried, crispy on the outside and juicy in the inside with a ton of flavor!  Try  them with habenero sauce and honey for maximum yum effect!  I totally doused my chicken with all that.  This was probably one of the best Fried Chicken I've ever ate.Of course, the menu at Brooklyn Bowl is so extensive, I came back a couple nights later because I was really curious about their French Bread Pizzas.The Theresa -- http://bit.ly/1nrpaD8Mushrooms, Butternut Squash, and Roasted Garlic.This French Bread Pizza was pretty impressive! It came loaded with mushrooms and squash and tasted really good!   Definitely not the Stouffers pizza that you grew up with.   I really underestimated this pizza because I was stuffed halfway through and boxed up the rest to take to my room.  Probably better to share with a group, but if you're really hungry, it should fit the bill nicely.  Next time I'm probably going to try the Classic or San Gennaro.I haven't been to the original Brooklyn Bowl in Brooklyn so I can't really compare the two or say how closely it resembles it, but it's definitely a must-see spot on the Strip.  I will be back again to maybe go for a couple rounds of bowling, check out what concert is happening, and definitely to try the rest of their menu, and of course, more Fried Chicken!!
5	This place is top notch.  The food, wine and atmosphere.  It's a fun place,  the service is amazing.  It's a well ran place I just wish it was up in Summerlin
4	Came here for a few beers and sat at a cute little girls table named Alexandria. Great Service, Great atmosphere! Def coming back to bowl next time
5	Love this place. Going during the day is fun for the whole family. My 6 year old loves it. They have a desk for locals make sure to ask for it. The couches are cool and comfy. They also have a huge restaraunt and it looks very cool for a music venue. Can't wait to see a show. The fried chicken is delicious as well as the Stella cider.
4	It's fun to be at this yelp event, I have to come back when there's no event. We got to bowl 2 games while the party was full on!I did come back the next day because I won Life is Beautiful lineup party tickets!  When it is not a special event things are similar but you have to pay for everything.  We ate while the stage area was full on action and we watched on TV screens.  This was a great option for 2 hunger people that needed to sit instead of smashed in a crowd. I will post photos of food,  it was good, large portions and worth price.  It was great to see they have many A grades from the Department of Health, they proudly post for all to see!
1	This was my first and only visit to the Brooklyn bowl. I loved the ambiance of the business but the bowling is what ruined my night. When there's a live concert there's a $100 minimum fee for the bowling which is so dumb. Then we waited until the concert was over so we only had to pay $25/per half hour (still not worth it) and they add food and drinks onto the one bill and charge for everything. Socks. Food. And unless you're playing they won't let you in so they wouldn't let our friends in. Most expensive bowling game I've ever had. $390 without tip. Also the service at the Lanes was slow. My friend asked the server what beers were on draft and he replied, "it's on the menu." Simply, they weren't friendly and over charged for everything! Never again Brooklyn bowl.
5	The food and the service were excellent.  I had reservations and arrived about ten minutes early, the hostess seated us right away.  Drinks and appetizers were quick and delicious.   The place was gearing up for a live band, most every weekend, and the crowd was lively.
5	This is a multipurpose space (dining, bowling, and musical entertainment), but having seen it featured years ago for it's fried chicken I was clearly there for the grub. Being a fried chicken connoisseur, I know how to tell what's sufficient, adequate, and optimal. This fried chicken battered in matzo and seasoned with some kind of magic dust is a first ballot hall of famer.The crunch is one to remember. Matzo gives it a unique taste and texture you're likely not to have experienced. The seasoning is whimsical. Flavorful, but not overwhelming. Spiced, but not hot. However you decide to order just plan to for everyone to have at least two pieces. We ended up with 16 after initially ordering 8.Here's what took this place to a five: Buttermilk pancakes. Yes, that good and I don't even like pancakes. First off, it can feed a small family of four or two hungry versions of myself. Yup, couldn't finish it. Maybe in my college years I could have done it. The pancake had crunch on the outside yet remained extremely fluffy in the inside. I've never had a perfect pancake and if I ever had to declare one to be flawless I'd put house money and my life savings on this recipe.My suggestion is that share it so you can enjoy at least two pieces of chicken :)This place is en route to the high roller so if you plan on going on that attraction I suggest you eat here after in case you get motion sickness.
1	As a local, this place is a RIP OFF! All tourists are getting scammed! First of all, the venue is set up poorly so that you can't see anything and you waste your time and money buying drinks that are hot, over priced and water down! Our experience started by ordering a few rounds, every time we got up to dance and let our new drinks covered on the table, the waiters would come remove them. This happened 3 times and at that point we had spent over $200 alone on alcohol. If you are a local you are getting charged 350% more for a beer that is shittier than any other place off the strip. It is a good concept however, poor management, business designed to rip off tourists/ customers in general and worst of all the Operations Manager Mike Kaupoe could care less that we were dissatisfied. I wouldn't even give this place any stars because when we asked for our money back, we were just given managers card with comped drinks that we will never get because we will NEVER GO BACK! OVERALL TERRIBLE FIRST/LAST EXPERIENCE! Have fun getting ripped off!
3	Rolling Stone magazine may call this place "one of the most incredible places on earth", but the fascination goes down when you actually have to pay for the experience. In theory, it's an amazing mix of bowling alley, music venue, bar, and restaurant, with separate areas for each and even a patio overlooking the hoppin' Linq area.Amelinda's review thoroughly details the pricing difficulty with their musical acts- the only way to get the advertised price and avoid miscellaneous fees is to order in person at the box office with cash. But no local wants to go to the Strip just to make a purchase unless they work nearby. I'm not a huge bowling fan, but it's a great place to do so- but a group of 6 took about 45 minutes for a single game, and at like $30/half hour not including shoe rentals, that's pretty steep. Best advice would be to include the sock/shoe fees in the lane rental for what they're asking, or bring it down about $10. I'd understand increased pricing during concerts due to demand, but going on a weekday evening the place was dead.And now for their food. You're on the Strip, so it's ridiculously priced. Variety is good, with some unique  appetizers including knishes and a smoked fish plate! But their "famous" fried chicken was too salty for me to enjoy and simply did not stand out or wow me in any way- maybe you have to be drunk or from some place other than the south.Maybe I'm a cheapskate but it's not worth dropping $100 for a couple to enjoy for date night. Props for being a one-stop shop for it all, but music would be the only thing to bring me back here specifically.
3	Second time through BB took a step back.  Stopped in on a Sunday night just for some dinner and we almost had the place to ourselves.  We talked up the place to some friends from out of town and said we should try it for dinner...which was also a bummer when the full experience didn't deliver.  I'd the staff out numbered the patrons in the dining room, but that's their problem not mine.The real bummer came with the service.  You'd figure with such a lack of diners, it wouldn't take as long as it did to get our entrees and the check, but it did.  Infrequent visits from our waiter to refill drinks didn't help matters either.  All in all the food (fried chicken and wings) were still good and we will probably come back for a concert at some point.
5	One of the best venues I have been to in this city. Great atmosphere, the music sounds phenomenal inside, and on top of that, the food is amazing. A friend and I split the BBQ Pork Sliders, and man were they tasty!So far I have seen The Roots and Primus here. Next up is Wu Tang... for the children :)
5	First visited Brooklyn Bowl for Elvis Costello and the Roots. I was amazed by this  venue. I've been a concert goer in Las Vegas since high school and the music scene has grown exponentially over the last couple of years. I love that Brooklyn Bowl supports local artists and musicians on top of bringing some alt and top bands to the Strip. It's all a bit pricey, but where else can I say I've bowled with Elvis Costello playing live on my bowling screen and behind me? Gather your friends and split a lane. Eat french bread pizza and knock back beers. It's a huge venue with lots of intimate corners. I love the old-timey amusement park feel to it all. This venue is exactly what Las Vegas needs!
2	As a regular bowler and have visited the actual Brooklyn location, I found this location to be a complete let down. $30 for a half hour of bowling and a band rehearsal or sound check while bowling isn't the best ideal way to spend $30. The actually place is cool but wouldn't recommend bowling here at all.
3	Ok, so I have a love/hate relationship with this place. First the good and why I love BB. I love the whole concept of this place, the decor, the layout, and the multiple forms of entertainment. BB is one of my favorite music venues in town, tickets are relatively cheap, and they support lesser known bands that most vegas venues wouldn't feature. They serve Brooklyn Brewery on tap (an awesome domestic brewery) and the fried chicken is bomb!Now the bad and why I don't like BB. $30 for a pitcher????? I get it, it's on the strip, but come on! The bowling lanes are fun and have a very hip decor, however the lanes are shorter than average lanes and the pins are attached to strings which don't allow the pins to fall over as easily as regular lanes. Lastly, during the day when they are setting up for a band later that night, all the sound checks and instrument checks get pretty annoying when you're trying to have a good time bowling. Other than going to concerts and eating, I probably won't be coming here much.
4	The brand new "Brooklyn Bowl" in the new "Linq" area of Vegas (behind Harrah's) is both amazing and a disappointment:Food - 5 stars. Some of the menu options are ridiculously pricey, ie: 8 pieces of honey fried chicken for $24, but the daily specials are amazing. $10 for a HUMONGOUS fried chicken sandwich with fries. The fried chicken was perfect, with honey drizzle and hot sauce. Perfection! The brisket with southern slaw and collared greens was delish.Drinks - pricey. Maybe $2 too pricey with $12-15 drinks for a non-club.Service - 5 stars all the staff is really attentive.Marketing - 1 star. This is where it fails. From the outside half the people I asked said it looked like a bowling alley, the other half said a small concert venue. Both are correct. It's so hard to see inside that you don't realize how gigantic it is inside with multiple floors, awesome decor and tons of room, indoor and outdoor patios, to roam and explore.Give it a shot and tell their staff to work on marketing it from the outside. It's worth it once they come in.
5	Service was solid. Our waiter (Asian guy who used to work at the Bellagio) was one of the best I have had in the city. He was attentive and made sure my daughter was having fun which is 99% of the battle in a dining experience out with a 4 yr old. The fried chicken was amazing. Also, the mashed potatoes and gravy was great as well as the collared  greens. They were the best I have ever had at a restaurant. Great addition to the strip. Good job!
4	Couldn't help not to stumble into their bright theatre-style lights on our way to the High Rollers, so afterwards, had the craving for a sweet tooth, and surprisingly, that Cupcake/Ice cream place closed by midnite, c'mon it's Vegas lol.But glad it did b/c decided to check out the dessert menu, looked promising with the chocolate chip bread pudding or banana split but server gave the slight edge to the former.  Not just deleesh bc of the sweetness, which really didn't look that bad, just chocolate sauce, but the texture of the bread pudding was just right; a light crunch, amazingly not too soggy given how the vanilla ice cream melted right away.  Recommend for sure.Overall, it's a nicer higher-end casual place, esp. for a bowling joint; also a good place to have some drinks too.  Like the grand entrance up the escalators, high ceilings and really, an overabundance of workers, must've dealt with about 6 different staff by the time it was said and done lol.
4	Delicious french bread pizza, Brooklyn Lager, free live reggae on Sunday, and all in Las Vegas...what more can you ask for?
4	Hey! Fun times!I was in Vegas because ... Vegas! Stumbled (literally) on the BB and Chris Robinson was playing. One Hamilton later I'm upstairs in line for a beer and the band is sounding good. Magic Hat on tap? Yes please, plus a Stella.Sound is good, lighting is better.  Think House of Blues but with a bowling alley.  Overall a great venue with entertainment most nights.
5	Ate there last night for my husbands bday. We had tried to get a reservation but was told there was no seating for our party of 14 and our best bet was to come early and try to find room in the bar. Walked in and spine to the hostess, she said give me 2 minutes and let me check with the manager. In 2 minutes he walked us into the bar and with no less than 4 staff members helping, rearranged the entire space to accommodate our party saying "I will find a way to feed you no worries". What wonderful and unexpected service! Add to that, even though the place filled up, our waitress Kristen was quick, friendly and on top of our large group and it's needs. Add to that, the food, especially the fried chicken, was amazing!! They turned our frown upside down and took such great care of us- Great job Team Brooklyn Bowl!!!
4	Went to see a live concert and decided to have dinner as well. The service was outstanding. The food was average. It's a really nice venue with plenty of lounge space and seating outside. Bowling lanes have leather couches and large tables for food and only people bowling can get into the area so it's not crowded. Fun option for Las Vegas.
5	Haven't had a chance to try out the food at all here or the bowling, with that being said i'm aiming this review at the music venue side of things(I can be quite picky with venues due to being a musician myself and enjoying the atmosphere and sound of certain places much more than others) I've been to two concerts here and both were completely different genres. I was a bit worried that a place like this with the bowling and restaurant wouldn't want heavier shows playing but I saw butcher babies, Devil You Know, and Black Label Society here and the music was heavy and the pits were strong and not a thing was stopped by any staff. The overall sound of the venue is absolutely perfect, Most people will say yeah the joint has the best sound in town, but I beg to differ. The tickets for shows here are never bad and Overall i'd say if you think you like the house of blues just go to one show here and you'll just forget about that place
5	This place is awesome. Awesome music. Awesome food. Awesome people. Awesome awesome awesoooome
1	Awful service and complete idiot security guards.  Terrible food, complete disaster of a place for Las Vegas, how embarrassing!
5	We walked in this place on a Saturday night around midnight and it was dead... I wondered why because it looked like a REALLY cool place, especially to see a show! They had some great bands coming up on the calendar too! This retro, Coney Island, carnival themed venue was super cool. A unique place complete with 32 lanes of bowling! Come see a show while you knock down a few pins! The stage and floor were huge. General admission is SRO! Definitely enough room to get down though! The vintage carnival banners hung on the walls were awesome and fun to check out too.All ages, everyday until 8 pm, so the kiddos can check out this amazing place also. I heard they have outstanding food too as they partnered with Blue Ribbon to create the menu! But alas, it was pretty late when we decided to check this place out, so we didn't get to try any.I really liked this place. Located at "The Linq" - Parking was abundant. We'll have to plan a trip back to Vegas and check out a show here for sure!
4	Service was only 2 or 3 stars, but food was 5. I ordered the French bread pizza and my boyfriend ordered a chicken dinner. Both were amazing. Service was very slow and it wasn't even busy. Food was pricey, but expected. Really cool venue and atmosphere.
4	Beautiful venue! The disco ball upon entering is mesmerizing, and the bar/stage/bowling area is just great. The food and drinks are about the same price you'd pay anywhere else on the strip (on the higher side). The price to actually bowl is the only reason I didn't give this place 5 stars; way way way too expensive.
3	The venue was fun and the food was pretty good but the service was below average. Bo, our server did not seem to pay any attention to us and getting anything (food order, water, check, etc) took forever!! I would probably come back for a concert but most likely not to eat.
4	So I've returned to Brooklyn Bowl a few times after experiencing some terrible service because although I was disappointed by their lack of efficient service the first few trips, the venue offers delicious and suuuuper tasty food treats, as well as some great live music. And I'm kind of in a work bowling league there too.The past couple of experiences there have convinced me that not all BB staff are airheads. I've had a few very friendly bartenders that didn't dick around, and an even better waiter tending to us while eating at the restaurant. So because of this, I've decided to come back and give BB a better review; the review they originally should have gotten from me.You'll definitely be seeing me again, considering that some of my favorite bands will play you in the future. Oh, and because the fried chicken, as well as the mash and collard greens, are so f-ing good.
4	I really wasn't expecting anything good, but my friends's band was playing so I went. The atmosphere is great, very roomy, and you would never know there is and awesome bowling alley inside. The stage is great, lots of places toGet to a bar, and they actually had a decent liquor selection. Now for the good.,,the knish is the best I have ever bad. Period. Fried chicken was awesome. Rice and beans reminded me of the good stuff my friends made me in Brooklyn. The only thing that I wasn't crazy about wS the salmon, which was a little over cooked and not seasoned enough. Service was great, our waiter was attentive and friendly. We will definitely be back.
1	Came for dinner and drinks in the bar Saturday, 3/29/14 and the experience was disappointing unfortunately.There was something wrong with their CO2 canisters because the beers were extremely flat and room temperature. I actually thought they brought me a wrong beer twice. The server had to get the manager to see if he could even take the bad beer off the receipt. Wtf?!Service was terrible and the dining area wasn't clean. The cotija corn app was the only good dish. The buffalo wings were in BBQ sauce, wish they had...buffalo...sauce.
5	Food: Ordered the trout salad and dark pieces of chicken. The salad had a mustard seed vinaigrette which added a nice kick to this refreshing salad. The trout was seasoned nicely and tasted amazing. Now for the chicken, simply put, was the greatest fried chicken I've had. The skin was crispy and flakey, seasoned with multiple spices, and fried to perfection. The meat was moist, juicy, and just perfect. Venue: Attended the Honda Civic Tour Group which presented Tokyo Police Club, Portugal. The Man, and Grouplove. The venue had two floors. Bowling lanes on both floors and bars everywhere. The beers are cheap (for Vegas $7-11), and the tickets were only $42! And this was the greatest concert and venue I've ever been to.  Definitely better than all the EDM clubs, the crowd won't harass you, no bumping and elbows, chicks aren't getting grinded on by creepers. Just good vibes and no losers. So kick back and listen to beautifully made music!!
4	I was surprised by this place I have to say. The place is huge. It has a bowling alley which is cool and a stage for live music. It could get a bit loud at times. We ordered the knish which was outstanding wish it was bigger because it was so good. Then had the fried chicken which was awesome as well, also had the blackened salmon which was a little disappointing wish was seasoned a little better I couldn't taste the pepper other than that place is really cool and the service was on point!Can't wait to go back and try other dishes
5	Venue, bar, and fried chicken. Nothing else to really say. Wait, Yelp is saying this review is too short. There's also bowling here in this great non-vegas atmosphere.
1	Last night was the first time my significant other and I tried this place out. Needless to say we were very disappointed with the service. The gals who checked us in for bowling were very nice and extremely helpful, however, the servers were terrible. We waited about 45 minutes and not one person came over to introduce themselves as our server, or to take our order. We waited & waited until it got to the point that frustration took over. The servers were gathered at the POS laughing & chitchatting. My boyfriend went to the front & finally complained about the service. I mean, we were almost done with our game & no one came over. We were very excited to check this place out & actually wanted to see Wu -Tang Clan here but now we are seriously considering being patrons of this establishment again. I mean for service to be this bad on a Monday night is just terrible. We may or may not come back.
1	We went there for dinner before going on the High Roller.  The hostess told us to seat ourselves and we did.  No one ever came to give us a menu, take or orders or anything.  After more than 10 minutes, we went back to the hostess and her response was that she guessed there was no one serving the patio section.  Not cool.  She seated us inside, but the music was crazy loud.  The waiter came over and we could not hear anything he said and he could not hear us.  We went back out to the patio and he served us some hummus (yes, we had to pay for it).  I was interested in the smoked trout salad or the Greek salad, but he didn't know anything about them.  In short, the service was poor and the venue was way too loud.  The patio was nice.   We ended up having to skip dinner since all of this took so long.  We went to the High Roller and had a great time.  We had a very nice date night regardless, but we will not be returning to the Brooklyn Bowl.  It's unfortunate since we went to the one in Brooklyn in January with friends and had a good time.
5	Went to see Jane's Addiction here it is a new venue in town and super excited to have the smaller concert venue!  Like I said it is a small venue so you can get up close to the action. The acoustics are fabulous and they have Big Ass fans to keep it cool and the bar is close.  The only problem is, is it is general admission so you will get bum rushed once the music starts by the late lazy people to get to the front.  However it is such a small venue, no biggie!  I loved it and can't wait for more concerts here in the future!
3	Fun place...Fried chicken was the bomb.  Ribs had good flavor but not very meaty.  Knish was yummy....Bread pudding was ehhhh...Very good service though, super nice.
4	The venue is huge...the servers were knowledgeable and efficient and the food was good.We ate a chicken dinner and ribs...both were extremely good.For dessert we had the chocolate chip bread pudding...it needed something beyond the chocolate.We will come back to eat and to bowl.
4	This place is cool. Decent sliders. Great place to bowl. Just really pricey.
5	The atmosphere concert was awesome! The bartenders and food was great! Will have to come back again, upset that i missed wutang clan :(
5	I've been to Brooklyn Bowl on several occasions, and I must say, it's a cool joint! When I first heard about it, I wasn't sure how they would fit dining, bowling, and a music venue all in one, but they do it so well! I had the amazing privilege to see Bonobo there live a few months back. Hands down one of the best shows ever! Drink prices weren't too terrible. They even have cider which is a fave of mine. I've tried their fried chicken and their french bread pizzas and they both do not disappoint. If you're looking for a good spot to enjoy good food, entertainment and all around good vibes, you definitely need to make your way to Brooklyn Bowl.
4	Great location and venue, we saw a live band there, staff is very very nice, attentive and helpful. Next time I will try their food as well.
4	Ya know I'm quite surprised I haven't written a review for Brooklyn Bowl, but better late than never. For those not in the know Brooklyn Bowl is a combo bowling alley/restaurant/bar/ music venuePros: it's big, and expansive so when you come here there's usually room to dance and there's an outside patio and multiple places where you can sit-there's bowling upstairs which I actually didn't know until a few trips-the bartenders in my experience are liberal with the drinks which are always appreciated and always results in extra tips-the fried chicken was pretty damn good, I've heard good things about the rest of the menu but haven't had too much of a chance-the musical lineup absolutely cannot be matched in Las Vegas. From acts such as flume, chromeo, Elvis Costello, bass nectar, the roots, Wu Tang. They book all different genres of acts and all levels of celebrity, so it can range from icons to just a local band who's trying to get some stage time and exposure. It's quickly becoming where I tend to see a lot of live music in townCONS-cell service is absolutely atrocious. Like none of me and my friends ever get service whenever we go here, it's accepted that no texts or snapchats will be sent unless you go out onto the patio. There's supposed to be WiFi but it's about as reliable as Lindsey Lohan at 3am on a Saturday night-bowling can randomly fill up quick and bowling during a concert isn't easy to do :(-they randomly close the upstairs for some concerts and allow people upstairs sometimes. I've never been able to get why it's open some times and closed the others
4	This place is pretty awesome. All the bartenders were great. The facility is huge being over 80,000 sq ft. They also have a concert hall there with attached bowling lanes and vip area. I had their pancake which was a hybrid between a french toast & pancake. Def. one of the best i've ever had. Would definatly go back if I'm not distracted by the rest of the city.
1	Brooklyn Bowl, you disgust me. Curious as to why you guys think it's okay for your male security crew to use their size and "authority" for harassing, bullying and intimidating your female patrons? I was singled out and harassed a total of four times by three different security guards for ABSOLUTELY NO REASON. Even after attempting to leave due to the first two harassments and being begged by the manager to come back in and give the place a second chance (which we did), the harassment continued twice more. I have read more than a few similar reviews about your security crew. THIS IS NOT OK. ARE YOU LISTENING, management? WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO ABOUT THIS??
4	I was taken here for a concert recently and I think it is a great venue with a very fun vibe. This space manages to feel spacious and intimate at the same time, the staff was super friendly and the bartenders were attentive. The "VIP" sections can include a bowling lane and were reasonable priced.
1	Service is aweful. We were waiting for 15 minutes for somebody to come to take our order while they were not even busy! I regret we didn't leave then because the food was not good at all. The smoke fish salad was the worst! And it's all overpriced. I thinj it's a good venue for the concert or couple drinks, but not to get food.
4	My cousin and I had no plans on a Thursday night when we arrived in Vegas. I remember seeing an event posted about a concert at the Brooklyn Bowl in the Las Vegas Yelp events. So, we ended up attending the concert. The concert line had the following artists: Anuhea, Rebel Soljhaz, and J-Boog. Apparently that evening the concert sold out!This venue was a multi-floored building, with multiple bars, lounges, and a huge stage with a spacious standing/dancing area. I wanted to check out the multi-laned bowling allies, but the area was closed off due to the concert. I was disappointed that we didn't get to try the fried chicken here. We had dinner prior to attending the concert. We did get a couple cocktails. Drinks were very pricey. Two Jamesons and ginger ales came to a total of $32.The venue overall was very impressive to me.
5	Unique place to see a concert and bowl at the same time.   Food is good party food.  Chicken is really good.  Decent prices.  Metro is on site to deter dumb stuff.  I was here for the Wu Tang show.  Sound carries very well.  Bowling alleys are on 2 floors. Not a bad seat in the place.
5	Unbelievable venue.  Best chicken wings ever.  They smoke the chicken wings, I mean, seriously amazing.  Great food, great music, great service!I highly recommend venue for locals and tourists.
3	Neat decor, but a little confusing to find the actual restaurant part. Went there to eat and it happened to be the night that Wu Tang Clan was playing, so it was super loud (the restaurant is a little area by the bar that is also very close to the concert venue and bowling). Noise is a problem if you are looking to eat there and have any sort of conversation with your dinner mates.Food was good. Big portions, even on the appetizers. Solid menu. Fried chicken was a little overly salted and I think the reviews on here overrate the food for what you can get at other places on the LV Strip. However, the mac and cheese was the shiz. You can add stuff to it for $3 and IMO it was worth it to add the artichoke hearts and olives, although they were a little heavy-handed with the olives in that and my husband's veggie sandwich.The reason I gave it 3 and not 4 or 5. The service was SLOOOOOOW. Like, annoyingly slow. The restaurant area was not THAT busy for a Friday night at 8:30pm and we still waiting for our food for over 30 minutes, maybe more. The waitress was friendly but pretty aloof and didn't once stop over to let us know the food was on its way. Not surprisingly, we also had to prompt her for leftover boxes otherwise who knows how long we would have sat there with half-eaten food.
4	Brooklyn Bowl. Now this place is awesome! I always say you can trust a place w/ PBR on tap and my rule has yet to let me down lol They get some of the best shows in town and their tickets are reasonably priced (I heard locals get 2 4 1 tix if bought at the box office but always forget to ask). Combining bowling, fried chicken and live music is an interesting concept but seems to work considering this isn't their 1st rodeo w/ locations in NY and somewhere else. After many visits we broke down and tried the fried chicken (how could you not?). It was quite tasty. Not the cheapest fried chicken prices but I get it. Worth it, especially if you're already there watching or waiting for your band.  The bowling is cool too. I heard there are like 30 lanes in there but don't know where they're hiding them all. A cool feature is if you get a lane while a concert is going on they broadcast a live feed on the big screens that sit above the end of each lane, looks cool. If you forget to wear shes w/ socks you can score a pair but they'll run ya like $6 (ouch!).They have a decent draft selection w/ both PBR & Stella making the cut and being somewhat affordable, so kudos to that. PBR weighing in at $6 and all other beers I think are $7. Mixed wells drinks will run you $12. Their gried chicken (what they're known for) is pricey as fux but equally as good. 8 piece of dark will run ya $24, $26 for mixed & $28 for all white. They have the shoe string fries and for $4 they're worth it. I saw calamari on the menu and we were hella tempted but had already ordered all that other goodness and for $14.50 was too much for us to add to the tab. C'mon, we need room for drinks too.
4	Brooklyn Bowl can in many ways be favorably compared to House of Blues, with the notable addition of a bowling alley. I have to disclose that I have never eaten or bowled here, but the venue is great for live acts. In the relatively short time they've been open, Brooklyn Bowl has been able to book some top up-and-coming acts as well as bands with legendary status.The sight lines are pretty clear. The stage can be easily seen from anywhere in the room, whether you're near the bar enjoying a drink or you're right in front of the stage. The sound quality is excellent, and the staff has always been friendly.Parking may be the only issue as this venue is in the heart of The Strip. You'll compete with tourists riding the High Roller and visiting the Linq for parking spaces. So figure that into your travel time. All in all I love coming down to Brooklyn Bowl for their outstanding slate of live shows. Well done!
3	I want to start by saying that Brooklyn Bowl is amazing as a concert venue. Although the opening band was so fun, we were hungry, having not eaten before, so we went to the restaurant to eat before the main act. It was awesome that we could be seated and still listen to the music. Our server was amazing and friendly, but we waited at least 15 minutes before anyone took our drink order. I had to stop a manager and ask who our waitress/waiter was because no one had introduced themselves yet.The food was amazing - fried chicken is a MUST! Also, their main shake with Nutella and a shot of bourbon (that's how it's listed!). We had a great time, and would probably eat there again, but the service was a little sub-par. She didn't check in on us much, which was noticeable because there were a few times we needed something and didn't know where she'd went.
3	Went for bowling this Saturday night, but didn't know they didn't do bowling when there was a band playing.  I went with a group of friends for my 22nd birthday.  We just decided to get a couple of drinks at the bar and then head somewhere else.  It's pretty pricey - yes, but a chill place to hang out.Unfortunately, the waitress we had was a total bitch.  She demanded her money the second we got shots.  Yes, I know we will pay for our drinks, but you don't have to demand it like I'm going to run.She ruined it for us. So, we left.
3	This spot is super unique and a great edition to Las Vegas. Even if you just go for dinner you are going to get the full bowling and concert experience because the open floor plan allows you to see everything. I'm rating my experience a 3 because the food was just alright. My red beans and rice were pretty dry and I was pining for more of the bean gravy. If I return I will definitely order the BLT. That thing was ginormous! If u want to go eat and bowl beware that there was a descrepancy between the hostess and server to whether or not they would carry over our tab to the bowling alley. Just plan ahead :)
4	Best fried chicken...Mac n cheese was incredible! Fries were shoestring style...nice n crispy..my friends had pulled pork sliders and a grilled veggie sandwich...we ate on the patio with a nice view and atmosphere.  Our server was slow, never checked on us or filled our waters.  The bus boys did a great job picking up his slack. Bringing us fries and condiments. .A really good spot to eat after riding the high roller. A great venue to hear music too! Our groupon 20% off came in handy and we took half our large portions back to our room as a midnight snack...The sides for the chicken dinner were average...greens were a little bitter and mashed potatoes with gravy a bit heavy and underseasoned.
5	Great staff, friendly manager Mike gave me and my GF a nice little tour showing us the lanes and the concert venue a few days before the show we were going to see. Then on the 30th of Sept. we went to the Robert Earl Keen show and security guy Howie was a delight talking about the venue and some of the cool bands that play there -- I truly can't wait to see more bands here. Great sound system, clean place, ya beers were $7 that's too much but bring out REK and I'm good to go! Thank you BB I will be back :) Did you say Robert Plant? Whaaaaa?!!!? :)
5	Saw black label society here and was super impressed with thw venue!  I am a concert-goer and this is at least 3x better than house od blues.   The location is outstanding as the surrounding businesses enhance your overall night.   Can't wait to check oit more bands here.  Love brooklyn bowl!
5	Located in The Linq, what do you get when you mix a a restaurant, a bar, a live music venue and a bowling alley? Why Brooklyn Bowl of course! Great food and good prices for the strip. This place is just a lot of fun, a must do in Las Vegas!Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
4	Great place for entertainment on the strip.  It is a relaxed atmosphere with plenty of room to wander around.  When ever I have been here the place is not to crowded but I typically enjoy a more obscure and talented musician so that might be why.  They do serve food here but from my experience it is a bit pricey but they use good ingredients and everything is made fresh.  They are know for there chicken which I have yet to enjoy but the wings and the sliders were both very flavorful. One really nice feature is the outdoor patio which overlooks the Linq so you can really enjoy people watching.  Brooklyn bowl has multiple bars which also have a decent tap beer selection.
5	I've never bowled here until now.  It was petty fun. Empty when we got there but still fun. I have tried the fried chicken . It is the Best thus far. They have live music and a full bar. Definitely come in next time you're at the Linq.Actually have a couple full bars & table seating. Bar, restaurant & alley..awesome!
4	MASSIVE VENUE.Seriously. It's a music venue, a bar, a bowling alley, a lounge, a and restaurant. If you're not in the mood for the "club scene" but you still want to party in Vegas, this is a great place to go and drink/dance. The vibe is non-pretentious and fun. Leave your slutty dress and heels at home! I came here for a Cherub show and had a blast. The stage is a decent size, and they had a massive dance floor in front of the stage. It gets SUPER LOUD in here, so I stood clear of the speakers. The venue is also super well ventilated, so much that I even got a little chilly after standing still for a bit. The Brooklyn Bowl also didn't fill  up too bad so I never felt claustrophobic. Paying for a ticket to see live music here is probably cheaper than paying the entrance fee to some ridiculous club. HIGHLY RECOMMEND.
5	Jay in upstairs restaraunt is the bomb.....great guy.  Was here on three consecutive days to see Phil Lesh and Freinds.  Ate here 2X, their fried chicken is THE BEST anywhere...........for real!!!Great venue for concerts.nice employee's very helpful.the outside patio makes a nice touch and saves many steps in and out in order to get fresh air or for those who smoke.Bowling is all state of the art, very modern, very clean.
2	Im not sure how this was the best thing I ever ate On foodnetwork. Bland chicken. Overly salty greens and the mashed potatoes taste like a combo of powdered and fresh. So disappointed. .. So sad.... I looked forward to this.
1	Only one star because it won't let me give none. I was so excited to come for Brunch You in the Eye and loved the environment. We waited over one hour for our food. Our server Caitlin was very attentive and fretted over the massive delay. But no one around us had food either... When I asked to speak with a manager, Ann Marie was defensive and unhelpful to even explain why no one had food and what the delay was. Ann Marie threw our server under the bus and made no attempts to solve the issue besides telling us hat it's be another 15 minutes. Caitlin kept apologizing but Ann Marie was I incredibly unprofessional and rude. I'll never go again which is a shame since they have great music.
4	i am a huge fan of the original brooklyn bowl in williamsburg and all things blue ribbon so was pleasantly surprised when i learned there was a bklyn bowl on the vegas strip!we made it in for brunch (shows were sold out the weekend we were in town) and the menu, vibe, architecture were all true to the original's spirit but with a slight vegas flair.  the menu is pretty much identical which really excited me because brooklyn bowl's fried chicken in nyc is the best ever.i got the sloppy josephine which was perfect and satisfying. boyf got the jim morrison.  although good, the fried chicken here is not as good as the one in nyc (which is mind blowingly great).the beer selection is great and the service is friendly.  i like it a lot.
5	Not much to say other than the FREID CHICKEN with honey and hot sauce. No questions just order it!
1	Came here to dine, and we didn't like the food AT ALL. Very cool looking place, but the drinks were just so so and the food was nothing special.Will definitely NOT be back.
1	After two "concerts" being ruined by poor audio I am done with Brooklyn Bowl. Would have been great both times if we could have heard the mic! Horrible.
5	I love this place! It's a great hang out on the strip. They have excellent service and great drinks :)
5	Great place to see your favorite rock artist. I have been to many places where venues do not allow you to mosh and rock hard to the music. This place is definitely not one of them. People and the vibe on the dance floor just what it needs to be for all rock shows. I also give it up to the staff for at least giving you a warning before getting kicked out. Got my warning after crowd surfing after multiple times. :) Most venues just eject you with no warning for swarming on the dance floor...... (HOBlues) will be back!
5	I ate here on a Monday evening. I had the chicken dinner, Moehead oh and the bread pudding for dessert. The food was very good. I would definitely eat here again.
4	Me and the boys stopped in here for Happy Hour Friday. Kinda dead, but a nice, chill hang out with ample bar seating, tables, and comfy couches. Can't beat the 50% off ANY liquor/drink. My bud who is a Scotch afficianado was orgasmic when he heard that. He was all over the 18yr old Scotch. We were stuffed and only tried the pork rind app; they were greasy goodness. Excellent service. Next time we'll be both hungry and thirsty.
3	I'm not too much of a fan. Ofcourse I'm excited there's something fun to do in Vegas however I have some concerns with this type of entertainment. Bowling is not fun during the dark. The stage is a little awkward while watching concerts. The drinks are overpriced because your on the strip. I also don't really like the acoustic environment when your watching the shows. Might need to find a better engineer who can mix.
1	I went here on 11/20 and it was a bad experience. It wasn't busy at all, but had to wait an extended period to be seated ordered drinks and a appetizer the drinks took a while to come out the appetizers came out in a timely manner. The entrees took a while to come out. For entrees we ordered the fried chicken and the po boy. The chicken was excellent, the po boy was meh, so we sent it back. Throughout the whole dining experience service was lackluster and we would have to waive down our server even though the restaurant was practically empty. In place of the po boy we ordered a Greek salad thinking it was a traditional Greek salad however it included romaine and the dressing wasn't quite right. In addition we ordered a side of cole slaw which had too much dill so it was sent back, and a side of fries which were good. We were not pleased with the service and just wanted to leave at this point so we asked for the check. It came promptly and was $80 however there was no pen to sign the check. It took an additional 5-10 minutes to waive down a server to request a pen to sign a check. Finally when a server attended to us we requested to speak with a manager. The manager came and I cited my grievances with the service or lack there of and the fact that numerous items were sent back. The manager just shined me on and said they will try to do better thanks for bringing it to her attention. Although the fried chicken was excellent everything else was sub par especially the service. I will not be back to this establishment the price point doesn't match the service.
5	This place is awesome.  I can hardly wait to watch The Roots there in January. Ticket prices are soo reasonable. Beers about 7bucks. This is definitely a spot to plan a day to.
5	Awesome venue for concerts! I hate the concerts that are wedged in the center of a casino. These guys know their shiz
1	Heat turned up uncomfortably high. Ridiculously long wait for shows. Terrible production.
1	I have no negative opinion of the venue itself, it's actually really nice, but the Suicide Girls are the absolute worst. They were more than an hour late with no updates, while the terrible DJ spinned the whatever she was playing. After being promised a refund by the box office and sitting through 30 minutes of cellulite, they no longer were interested in refunding our tickets without a fight. The most disappointing part was that the small bit of the show we saw was just sad. 10 minutes of a sales pitch about their merch table and how everyone needs to hashtag them on social media, and then half-hearted dancing that amounted to little more than spinning in place and singing la-la-la-la! I could have been happily losing money at a blackjack table rather than wasting my time. Never again!
4	I came here about three times. There are several bars located on both sides of a spacious floor with a stage for performers at one end. There is no seating so be prepared to stand.  Glow bowling, good food, great venue for bands. Bowling is a little pricey and it's goes by 1/2 hr instead of by game, but it's Vegas so it comes with the territory. They have their world famous fried chicken which I haven't tried yet. Above every bowling lane is a big-screen TV that plays the concert while you bowl. The only area that has seats (big comfortable leather couches). Try to get your tickets online before the show and save some bucks.This place is  fun and not the huge arena experience. Oh check out the balcony too, there are seatings and great people watching area.  For a full night of entertainment, this is the place to be!
5	By far, my favorite music venue. They have a great sound system, very comfortable to watch any concert and the food is so so good! - I really love this place!
5	Rating this not as a restaurant, but a concert venue.Came here to see Jane's Addiction.  What a great venue for a concert!  No seating, standing room only, but small enough that you can see the stage from anywhere, and large enough not to be overly crowded.  Had a great time.  Multiple bars to get drinks at, and even with a concert going on, wasn't hard to get a drink (no line).Looks like a fun place to hang out even without a concert.  Multiple bars, glow in the dark bowling, and I'm assuming when there's no concerts that they must have dancing...they have the room for it.
4	Had a great time here watching the Smashing Pumpkins. The venue may not be ideal for watching a concert due to some challenging sight lines.  However, we managed to have a great time... Until we got asked to leave for doing head stands.  Namaste.
5	I saw Smashing Pumpkins here the other night and I was very impressed by the venue. It was my first time at the place and I was not aware how many great acts go through.  The sound was crystal clear and loud enough to rock but not loud enough to hurt my ears. 12 Turbosound tops on each side of the stage make for quite the array. I will definitely be back.
4	Fun place for adults. Good bar specials and good service. Can't imagine that I would want to come here with kids - more with the big kids! It is a fun place for adults to have a good time.
5	I had to come to Brooklyn Bowl for late lunch. I had a choice to eat at the bar or restaurant so I chose at the bar. The bar was empty w/ plenty of tables and tv's. My waiter, Anthony was friendly and suggested the fried chicken or jimmy Hendrix pancakes. He was very good on refills of water and soda. I heard they make the best fried chicken in Vegas. The reviews on yelp is so true about the fried chicken. I ordered half dark chicken dinner w/collard greens and mash potatoes. The fried chicken pieces come in 4 pieces w/ juicy and crispy. The collard greens taste like from the South along with the delicious mash potatoes and gravy. My husband ordered jimmy Hendrix pancakes and 3 chicken wings. He loved it! Anyway, great place to eat or bowl or drink or hang out.
1	You'd be better off spending your money gambling.  They charge $25 a half hour and $5 for shoe rentals.  We spent all of our time watching the clock and not actually enjoying the bowling.  There are two couches and ONE table for each lane.  They put us next to a family of 8 people (mostly kids) and they took over our space.  When we left before the half hour was up, they didn't even seem bothered.  So for less than one half hour it cost us $60.  Total waste of time and money.  I sure hope the food is good, we decided not to stick around to see.
5	What a great place to do my 150th review! I've wanted to check this place out for a long time and when Joel's job had their holiday party here I was super jazzed! It's like walking into a circus, but better. It's a concert, bowling alley, bar and restaurant all in one. What an awesome concept! Because it was a work party they had the whole second floor blocked off just for us. Super fancy! The second floor is a party all it's own. It has its own bar and bowling alley. Plus, the best view in the house! Once the food came out it was on. They brought out so much stuff. A veggie tray with the best blue cheese dressing, French fries covered in assorted cheeses, French bread pizzas with sausage and veggies, and my favorite thing the chicken!!!! Omg, the chicken it was amazing. I'm pretty sure it's Broasted chicken like at Chilly Jilly's in Boulder City. The chicken was so moist and crisp. I totally filled up on that. At the bar we were offered some free specialty drinks courtesy of Skyy Vodka. They were tasty although lacked a real shot of alcohol. We got to see local band the Retrolites who did some cover songs. Then WAR came on! They rocked the stage. The Brooklyn Bowl has an amazing sound system and even at floor level it's a great place to see a show. This was a great opportunity to experience the Brooklyn Bowl. The staff was super nice and so helpful. And I'll never forget that chicken!! Yay, chicken and WAR! What more could girl want!
1	The place is visually appealing and its so unfortunate that the staff was so disorganized and rude. We asked the bartender a question about the taste of a particular food & the response was "I don't know order them and you'll find out"! and after ordering our group was offered other patrons food order 3 different times because the waiter was not sure of who placed the ordered. The place was pretty empty so no reason why the bartender had to ask us 3 times a simple 3 beer and 1 mix drink order...well if he would have finished helping us before he started a conversation with someone else, walked away from the bar and try to fill other orders before allowing us to provide our order then it might have been easiest to remember and fulfill...we didn't receive flatware or even napkins with our order...
4	We had friends in town from Alaska and were checking out the Linq in November..  We were all hungry and the marquee outside advertised the best fried chicken which really appealed to us.  Going in the atmosphere was great.  There was music playing and it wasn't too crowded so we knew we should get good service.  Our waitress and my friend got into good-natured ribbing about her team (the Rams) and his team (the Cowboys) and we had a lot of fun with her.  When the chicken came out is smelled fabulous, but when we started to ear it we were extremely disappointed.  It had absolutely no taste and was very dry.  Our friends finished their fries (which were very good) and beer and we decided to order one of the pizzas.  We were extremely happy with the pizza, it was excellent!Would we go back?  Perhaps.  Just very disappointed that one of their signature dishes was so sub-par.  Lucky we really had a good time with the staff.
3	The hard part was getting into the venue. Such a process and time consuming. This particular night was Tuesday Blends. Showcase of dancers and last night was their award ceremony. Congrats Jabbawockeez!  We had a large party of 15 people.  Got quickly sat for dinner. Decent view of the stage which is great for enjoying the show while you eat.  Drinks came quickly.  Dining area wasn't busy. Time definitely passed. Just under an hour before we received our food. The bright side was they got our orders correct, wasn't necessary to ask for anything additional, and they kept the drinks flowing. Pork sliders - tender meat, crunchy pickles, decent taste (nothing I would particularly crave again) portion of 3 was great for me and my small appetiteMac n cheese - great portion, shredded chicken, good flavor (I would order this in the future)BLT - soooo much bacon, a bit overwhelmingChicken wings - I don't prefer bbq flavor. It has very strong bbq flavor as if it came off the grill.  The table really really enjoyed these.  After dinner We preceded upstairs to join our friends.  They are extremely strict about the VIP area.  One of us didn't have. a wristband. Though our group was directly involved in the evenings event, security really gave us a hard time.  We had a few obstacles to overcome. It's overall a great venue that I always enjoy with all of my friends.
4	Came here with babe to see J Boog, Rebel Souljahs, Anaheua, and forgot who else. We posted up towards the back by the bar area for most of the show and we could still see/hear the performances on stage pretty clear.Venue seemed spacious for what we saw. We didn't get to check out the entire venue.
5	Amazing venue! Good drinks, always a fun time, they always have amazing shows, if you don't have anything fun to do check out their shows.
