5	I live across the street from the newly-opened Cure and my roommates and I have been anxiously watching the space be transformed.  This location used to be a seedy breakfast restaurant and had been vacant for more than a year when Cure began renovations.  The building is almost unrecognizable with its cozy and natural decor.  Eager to see if the growing hype about the restraurant and Chef Justin Severino was justified, a group of five of us went to the NYE price fixe dinner.  We were served a five-course family-style dinner including salumi w/ crostini, venison tartare, smoked trout, a white pork sausage, and a dessert tarte.  While everything was delicious and unique, the sausage was the absolute standout.  It had a very pleasing texture and was perfectly seasoned.  It was served with melted leeks and some baby potatoes, which were perfect companions.  Additionally, as we were a group of five eating family-style, someone noticed that the one plate of this amazing sausage just wasn't going to satiate us and brought us over a second helping!  I think they saw the sadness in our eyes that were would only get a few bites of this amazing meal.Some additional notes: the roving wait staff was knowledgeable, friendly, prompt, and definitely added to the experience.  We spoke to a few of them throughout the meal and they all had the same laid-back, quick witted vibe about them.  Although we had delicious East End beer pairings with our meal, the restaurant is going to be BYOB on normal evenings.  Also, the menu is going to be constantly changing.  One of the waitresses said that they plan to locally source whatever they can find and incorporate it into a different menu daily(!).Cure definitely lived up (and exceeded) my expectations.  All the buzz surrounding it is most definitely warranted and I can't wait to return.
4	If I'm going to break New Year's resolutions I'm certainly glad I did it here.First off, I went on their first regular dinner service night.  Normally - I wouldn't write a review on that...I'm an understanding, forgiving person.  But really, service was awesome, and they are running like a well oiled machine.I've been on a no carb, no dairy, no sugar diet - so maybe anything ANYTHING I put in my mouth would be amazing - but I think this was better than that.  Our fun three-some started with the Salumi plate and the Cheese plate (technically a dessert - but shutttupp) I like when something is served with the description ... 'this is Justin's prosciutto" When I grow up I want to have something of mine introduced that way. {this is Megan's Powerpoint...doesn't have the same ring}I can't remember all the cheeses - but I LIKED them.  and they were served with prunes in brandy, honey, and some other stuff that rocked.In addition to the prosciutto were about 4-5 other rocking meats - pate de campaigner (my french is off), mortadella, and some other stuff.  All awesome.Then, THEN... The butternut squash soup.  Rarely am I impressed with presentation, but this delivered.All three of us ordered it....They brought three shallow bowls out - that did not contain soup.they included a link of goat sausage (grilled and sliced), a larger-than-a-dollop of goat cheese, fried kale, and maybe some fried garlic cloves.Then, THEN... they had a tea kettle filled with the soup that they poured over the previously mentioned deliciousness.  Wow. it was good. (the sausage may have been heavy on the lavender seasoning, but that is parallel to me saying Michelangelo was heavy handed on the sistine chapel)Then there were entrees. I'm going to assume these will probably change on a semi-regular basis, but what we had tonight was awesome.We were already full. And by this point the euphoria of dairy and carbs had worn off.But the 3 of us shared a Pork shoulder/pork cheek entree as well as a chicken entree.  Both were awesome.  I won't do them justice.  So beyond the food, it is a small restaurant - with about 6-8 tables and a bar at the kitchen.  It's cozy and welcoming.  It's byob.My friend thinks the lighting in the open kitchen is harsh - I think it makes the kitchen the star.   Go, you won't be disappointed.
4	Cure was awesome.  Really awesome.  Salumi to start.  These meat selections were perfect.  Then local cheese, Taleggio with Hen of the woods (Reppin PA)!  I ordered Choucroute, an outstanding pork dish, that i would go back for tonight.  My wife had the butternut squash soup, which (debate-able...) might have even been better.  Hands down best new spot in Pittsburgh.  You can feel the SF Bay Area influence.  Nice job Chef!  See you again soon.
5	Who gave this less than 5 stars? Element's chef branches off on his own in a beautifully designed space in Larryville. I couldn't be happier about it. Elements was pretentious ...this place is like your friend is an amazing chef who will be making some wonderful food for you. Even the dish that didn't suit my palate (my dinnermates loved it) was still awesome. A few things we could not stop eating involved rabbit, tartare, and both of the lovely 'exotic' dinner choices. I don't think this chef can stomach mediocre, and it shows all the way to your table.
4	MEAT! Meat meat meat meat meat. Guess what they have here?And it is fantastic. The salumi with rabbit! I'd actually, despite being an adventurous-ish eater (maguey caterpillars FTW), never had rabbit. And so, yeah, the rabbit liver portion of the plate was a little... difficult... for me not because of the taste but because don't you think their little livers must be just so cute? But this was an outstanding salumi plate. Then the trout with beets made me think maybe trout is not so bad.The crispy pork belly with the choucroute entree: crispy and melty-fatty and just exactly the kind of thing you wish you could have every day except that it would stop being special but it would still be SO GOOD.But, oh, it's the beef cheeks. Eat the beef cheeks. I'm telling you right now. Don't expect a vegetable to play a leading role, or even a co-starring role. Vegetables are mere walk-ons: useful and complementary, but not the point. Don't come with your vegan friend. Don't come with your vegetarian friend either. Do come with a bottle of wine (or beer, you know. whatever.) BYO.Quibbles: the service was not yet polished, and the reservations seemed to get a little screwy. But it was the very first night of table service and the lack of polish is made up for with friendliness. The fact that the website is only half finished is a tiny bit frustrating. And the complete lack of any kind of information on hours anywhere except on an as-the-time-arises basis on FB is a total bummer.
5	Thoroughly impressed.  Kudos to the chef!  Let me preface this by saying I'm a huge fan of cured meats/fish, pate, foie gras, etc. so this place was a must as soon as I found out about it. And always a plus, it's a BYOB!The atmosphere was relaxing and quaint.  Service was prompt and friendly.  I liked the rustic feel of the menu on a chalkboard as well as on the wooden clipboard they provide.  Be forewarned that the menu is also very meat-centric.  But also be aware that the chef will gladly fire up some vegetarian options upon request.For the starters:  The salumi was outstanding and a must-have.  The smoked trout was delightful and had just the right amount of smokiness as to not overwhelm the palate.  The golden carrot soup...well...let me just say as a self-proclaimed soup connoisseur, I was elated with this soup.  Every element went so well together.  Sweet, savory, creamy, meaty from the venison chorizo, crispy from the sunchokes and kale.  Just a perfect combination of flavors and textures.For entrees: The foie gras boudin blanc was utterly delightful.  The Sausage had just the right amount of crunch in the casing, and a perfect combination of meatiness and creaminess in the actual sausage.  It came with melted leeks, apples, mustard, and bearnaise.  If there's something I can't emphasize enough, it's my love of the sweet and savory flavor profiles.  Cure does it well.  I also can't fail to mention the duck confit.  The meat was succulent and juicy, the skin was crispy.  Just like how duck should be.Overall, the meal was excellent and the overall experience was great too.  I will definitely be coming back for more!
5	We live in Lawrenceville and are always excited when a new restaurant opens up, but this one definitely exceeded expectations.  The interior is warm, cozy and adds to the experience. We ordered the beef cheeks and the foie gras dish and both were crazy delicious (boyfriend felt serving size was a little on the small side, I thought it was just right. He'll definitely order an app next time). We finished with fresh coffees and mini apple pies that were both the perfect ending. No complaints at all, only compliments to the chef and staff for such a great experience! Also, it's BYOB, so don't forget to grab a bottle to bring.
4	My wife arranged a dinner at Cure Saturday night for a group of 8.  Condiering this was only their third weekend open,  Bravo!  First, let me say Celine and I are a fan of Justin Severino from his time at Element.  Greatly appreciate his curing abilities and culinary palate.  Everyone at the table did a tasting menu.  It wasn't planned that way, but after the salumi platter of his cured delicacies, then a polenta dish of savory cheese, pancetta and quick fried kale, Justin had us hooked.   We all decided to just let him prepare our meal.  Next came his sunchoke soup.  I do not recall each ingredient, but the only word to express the table's agreed upon description, sublime.  Folowing was a the evenings, fish selection, walleye pike.  This wasnt the thin pike fillets you find at your grocer.  It's crispy skin and succulent flesh were complimented by the bordelaise and hollandaise sauces, served with smoked potatoes and sugary carmelized shallots.  The roast rib of pork was juicy and tender, and his cassoulet was to die for, with the flavors of boudin blanc, chicken, and duck vying for attention in the delicious broth full of canneloni beans.  Too bad to say, we could not find room for desert or the cheese selection.I greatly appreciate the fact that Cure only offers a handful of  appetizers, and four entree selections.  This assures the diner of getting only the freshest ingredients on hand and the chef's personal attention to detail.  Saturday night was Cassoulet, Beef Cheeks, Pork rib roast, and walleye pike.  something for everyone.  The corkage fee is reasonable.  The wait staff was impressively trained for such a new restuarant.  The manager Sarah should also be commended for the smooth operation of this new gem to our city.  The only reason I did not give Cure a 5th star, was the music.  An incredible selection of tunes but too loud for a 50 year old with some hearing issues. (probalbly a result of listening to most of the music played that evening too loud in college)  I cant wait to return.
5	Beautiful dinner. A welcome addition to Lawrenceville. I had eaten Chef Severino's fare at Elements before he left here and was equally impressed, although I preferred the rusticity and coziness of cure to the glitz and sterility of Elements. Had the meat board, only complaint, wish there was 3x as much... not that there wasn't an adequate amount, just that it was so good i could've eaten the charcuterie into the early morning hours. My date had the Pork Belly while I had the rib for entree. She won. Again my dish was fantastic with red cabbage, but her pork belly was out-of-this-world!Love the space, all wood, beautiful Pittsburgh copper ceiling. It was small, but comfortable and so nice and warm on a cold January night. I liked the kitchenside bar seating as well, much like Salt of the Earth does, where you can watch the chefs cook. I'll have to sit there next time. I'm becoming a big fan of all these new BYOB spots (see Root 174) serving up great food and allowing you to bring your own bottle of wine to avoid the ridiculous restaurant mark-ups.I also loved the music playing. It was not too loud for us, Average level you'd find in any restaurant. The Clash make for perfect dining music for me (but, maybe that's just me).Take issue with party of 9 complaining about the family meal. When you have that many people in that small a space, you do realize the restrictions on the chef to put out 9 perfectly cooked meals at once, don't you? Go back to Eat N' Park with your party of 9 if you're going to complain about a $30 per person charge for a beautifully prepared dinner.For all the real diners out there, go to Cure. You will enjoy.
5	I had only one expectation coming here.  That it was going to blow my mind and...it sure did!I am in no way a connoisseur of cured meats.  I actually wasn't fully aware of what the true meaning was.  As our server explained it to us, it's the process of using the entire animal for the meal and then curing it by adding spices, smoking it or preserving it for later in salt.  You could say I almost went into this blindly...but the other yelpers reviews don't lie!We started off with two meat and cheese platters:Salami -lardo, mortadella, pate campagola, ciccioli, chicken rillettes, cornichon, mustard, red onion, pickles and beetsPA Farmstead Cheeses - stone meadow, crottin de chevre, commonfolk, blue misty river, midnight dream and candied prunesI was surprised to like the chicken rillettes the most (I'm not the biggest chicken fan).  It seemed to have the most flavor to me.  The mustard was AWESOME! I wanted to slather it on everything! I also enjoyed the homemade pickled pickles (heehee), beets and onions.  I really liked the crottin de chevre because I like hard and sharp cheeses more than the softer ones.  It was an awesome combo with the light honey drizzle and the candied prunes.  Can you believe I've never had a prune?  The thought of them scared me, but it was delicious!Since I've never been to a place like this before I wasn't too sure what to order for dinner.  I just picked the meat I thought sounded best, which was the duck.  I'm not lying when I took my first bite and my first thought was "orgasmic!"  Seriously folks, the duck was so tender and succulent with a crisp and incredibly well seasoned outside.  I had devoured the first slice of duck before I realized I hadn't cut off the fat...oops.  First thought was I should cut the rest off....eh...whatever it's all incredible, I'm downing the whole package baby!  I also loved the spaetzle, melted cabbage, mustard and apple combo it came with.  I'm a huge cabbage fan and the flavors were just incredible again.  I would have licked my plate if I could, next best thing was leaving not a morsel left.  The finale of our meal was the chocolate souffle cake with pistachio butter.  I will say, I do not usually like chocolate cake but this was again orgasmic and a total party in my mouth.  Just so moist with a perfect balance of chocolate so that it wasn't too rich.  And the pistachio butter, incredible!  Can I get that in a jar to go please?It gets better though!  It's BYOB, so bring your fave bottle!  Reservations are a must, as it's a tiny place.  I have to also add that service was incredible and my water glass never fell below the halfway point.  The servers also were super descriptive with the menu and helped make our decisions easier.  I so appreciate good service...you could just tell they enjoyed what they were doing and were totally into the food!  I mean, who wouldn't at this point!
4	I feel like I'm being generous and stingy with my star allocation at the same time.  I've come to learn that I'm not a big fan of cured meats, so perhaps this is my shortcoming that I'm willing to transfer on to Cure's star rating.  So when ordering the Salumi plate, I tried all the cured meats, but wasn't particularly fond of any...as someone at our table said - "It tastes like Spam".  But I will say the prunes in honey or whatever heavenly sauce they drizzled over them was superb.  Next time I'd like to order a plate of prunes in heaven sauce a la carte.   Also the lardo stuff on the crostini wasn't my thing - it was too much...of what...you'll know what I'm talking about when you try it.  Lardo is apparently pig fat and butter mixed together to create a concoction of super guilt and mediocre taste.  That being said, I did enjoy their cheeses they offered under their "Treats" section.  They were all distinct in flavor and fresh.  The service was phenomenal as they took their time in explaining what everything was.  One suggestion - more crostini's on the plate please.  But when we asked for more they were more than generous in bringing us more.    As an entree I ordered the Walleye Pike which was served with brussel sprouts, bacon and had this mapley/beet juice sauce (not thick, but juice like).  The fish was prepared fantastically and the flavors were great, but it was a bit too citrusy for my mood.  I think I would have been better suited to order something savory from the menu.  But that's my poor judgment that I'll take full responsibility over.  We ordered the Chocolate Souffle Cake with pistachio butter.  The chocolate was on the dark side, more than I tend to like, but it worked b/c I couldn't stop myself from eating it.  And that's saying something coming from a milk chocolate kinda girl.  It was butter soft and melt in your mouth sorta good.  The pistachio butter (ground up pistachio's in some sort of oil) was a great compliment to the dish.    It's BYOB and the corkage fee is beyond reasonable - I think it was like $3!  Staff is friendly, food is unique and tasty - Cure is definitely a must try.
3	I wanted to love this place, I really did! I even selected it as the place for my birthday dinner. :) I placed my reservation far in advance knowing all of the hype this place has been receiving, so I was quite disappointed when I got there and found our table was right by the door (cold weather!) and crammed next to a few others. I was surprised a reserved table was not better prepared, I guess. My friend and I both got the beet appetizer that was quite good, except for the fact that the vinegar overtook some of the bites. but overall was a good combo. I got the duck as my main course and I have to say it was one of the best duck meals I've ever had. The other people in my party ordered the chicken and flank steak, but  I did not hear them go on and on about it. My bf asked to have a sauced removed from his plate of chicken, before ordering and he was told it wasn't possible. I find that annoying considering he wasn't asking for anything to be added, just taken away. I'll end my review with a positive and negative. Minus, my friend called and asked if she could bring a bday cake for me and was told yes, and then they charged her $8 for it without warning. It's only $8 I know, but considering she called a warning would have been nice. The plus, it's BYOB and has a very cute layout. I suppose I will go back again and give them one more chance, but it may be awhile.
3	Cure's been a tough weekend reservation since it opened at the beginning of this year.  That's because it's very small and very popular.  After 2 failed attempts, I was finally able to get a reservation for this past Sat. night.  Cure is located right on the corner of 54th and Butler in the "dodgy" end of Lawrenceville.  There's street parking only, no valet.  The space is very small but warm.  When we first walked in we heard Vampire Weekend blasting over the speakers so I figured this would be a good place.  Speaking of music, the other reviewers are correct that it is very loud (which may or may not be your thing).  We heard a ton of great bands which included Modest Mouse and The Clash.  I actually liked this because if you have good tunes, at least play them at a volume where people can hear them.  Some places like to say they have good tunes but don't play them loud enough for anyone to hear them (I'm looking at you Salt of the Earth).Cure is BYOB only so I brought 2 bottles of beer:  Dogfish Head Noble Rot and Great Divide Yeti Oak-Aged Imperial Stout.  One of the waiters was very intrigued by the Noble Rot so I poured him some to try (will be important later).  We started off with the "salumi for 2" to get an introduction to the restaurant's specialty of cured meats.  The plate consisted of crostini with lardo, mordatella (fancy bologna), duck speck, chicken rillettes, chorizo, and cornichon (pork scraps).  It was all tasty (if you like this kind of stuff, and not everyone does), but the plate was very small.  It was really a "salumi for 1" and at $18, seemed a little steep.For an entree, I had the duck breast and leg.  It was a very small plate.  Although delicious, there were only 2 small pieces of duck breast and most of the dish was leg confit.  I would have loved to have had more of the breast and at $28, this also seemed steep for the portion size.We finished up with a cheese plate (again rather small) and the chocolate "souffle" cake (which didn't really have anything to do with chocolate souffle and was also small).  Both were very good, but again the portions were small.I think Cure has a lot of potential.  The food is extremely flavorful, but the portions are just slightly too small for the current price point.  I'm not saying Cure should be giving out huge plates of food, but for $28 I'd like to have more than 2 small pieces of duck breast.  BYOB has it's own unique appeal and I think that Cure has immediately become the best BYOB place in Pittsburgh.  The corkage is only $3.  As a final point, I was slightly miffed when I saw that I was charged corkage for the beer that we shared with a waiter.  I'm always happy to share great beer with anyone, but it would have been a classy move to comp us the corkage for that bottle.
3	I had psyched myself up too much for Cure that I walked away thinking that it was just okay in terms of food. Service was fabulous though; and Cure is BYOB ($3 corkage fee per person). We had two meat and cheese platters which were delicious but I was turned off by the lardo. One of the staff members of Cure came by to rave about the lardo and I guess we just have different palates... As for an entree I had the pork belly which was good (I ate all of it) but not memorable in terms of flavors. We had the chocolate souffle w/ pistachio for dessert which i thought was good too and I am not a big fan of chocolate-y desserts. Another plus on Cure was that we definitely lingered at our table after we paid the bill and weren't forced out. The price was a little bit much for what I thought it was. A place worth trying if you're a newbie but I do not think I will be back.
5	Easily one of the best restaurants in Pittsburgh.All very fine, local products regularly changing and exciting.From the meatball to the sausage soup poured table side it's hard to know how they'll rotate the menu, but if you think you'll like it, get one, because it'll be gone soon.This is one we'll keep coming back to to as I'm sure something new is being served!
5	Excellent all-around.  Vegetarians: stay away.I'd been wanting to try these guys for a while and finally went in last week.  I was not disappointed.  Everything's centered around redneck meats: pig and poultry.  (Not even sure I saw any highfalutin beef on the menu.)  Everything we had was excellent.  We started with the salumi and dandelion salad.  If you want to just sample, I'd recommend hitting just the salumi: it demonstrates Cure's expertise on charcuterie and won't break you at $14.  Everything on it was outstanding, and I'll fight anyone who doesn't like the lard/butter spread.  The salad was excellent, but it was more of a radicchio salad with two dandelion leaves on top.  Still good, and very meaty, with a sous-vide egg in the center and heaps of fried ham.  My entree was the pork and blood sausage - very good, but not excellent.  My partner had the roast duck, which was outstanding - best duck I've ever had.  (Granted, that's a small sample size, but I'd highly recommend it.)  We walked out at around $45/person, not counting tip.Everything paired very well with the Belgian tripel that I hauled in.  I'm a beer snob anyway, but I think the smoky, salty, earthy meats here would go better with some of the sweeter Belgian ales than with any wine.  Service was excellent - very knowledgeable, very helpful, and very attentive without seeming at all annoying or patronizing.  (Seems like that's a fine line in good restaurants.)Decor in the main dining room is good, but I can see the sound being a problem if they're busy - lots of hard surfaces and right angles.  Another minor dig is that you can see too much of the "junk" in the kitchen from the dining area.  I don't mind seeing some of the kitchen, but I don't want to stare at a rack of Camwear containers while I'm eating - especially at this price point.  All-in-all an outstanding meal - best I've had in Pittsburgh.  Can't wait to get back there.
4	I tend to hold restaurants like this to a higher standard. I'm pretty particular and expect a quality experience. Thankfully, I'm thrilled to say that Cure didn't disappoint. The space is small but still very comfortable. You can see the crew cooking in the open kitchen in the back. Menu items are listed on a chalkboard and printed to a piece of paper that is attached to a wooden board at the table.We were a party of 6 and everyone enjoyed their experience. We started with a cheese platter as an appetizer. It contained three different cheeses (all locally produced), marinated dates, honey comb and grilled bread. It was a wonderful starter.True to its name, this is a meat place. So don't expect a ton of vegetarian options. In fact, there was only one entree my friend could order. She knew what to expect and really enjoyed the risotto. I had the gnocchi with braised pancetta. The gnocchi seemed larger than life and was tastefully displayed in a hearty bowl. I would like to try the duck the next time I go back. Don't expect an abundance of food. Expect real high quality portions. Also, the place is BYOB.My only complaint with the restaurant is how loud it can get. The ceilings are high and tin which causes an echo. Otherwise, I highly recommend giving it a try.
5	This place is fucking fantastic. Please remember to bring a bottle of wine (or six) equal to the experience you are looking for. Champagne or a bottle of good scotch might not be a bad idea either. The menu is seasonal and isn't afraid to change completely. That's right the menu is a living thing and does what it wants. The chef is personable and involved. He brings food to the table and makes small talk. And also, he's really good at cooking things. If you don't like rich, fatty, delicious food, you should go somewhere else. If you want the best meal in Pittsburgh, there's a chance you'll find it here. If you find it somewhere else, call me.
5	Go to Cure now, while you can still get in.  It will certainly make it into Pittsburgh's top 10 restaurants in the near future.  The atmosphere is great, and feels just like a trendy restaurant in the middle of NYC.  The staff was fantastic, very friendly.  The apps and entrees are creative and delicious.  For apps, our table ordered the salumi and cheese plates, as well as the carbonara ravioli.  The carbonara sauce was amazing - unbelievably light and smooth, with small pieces of crunchy bacon and peas tossed in.  For dinner, I ordered the duck entree, and haven't had a better duck dish in a long, long time.  My favorite aspect of the dish was the knotweed, which I had not had before.  It was slightly bitter and sweet, and was grilled perfectly.  I'm looking forward to returning soon, especially for one of Cure's special events.(Also, when you go to the bathroom, you get a great look at the kitchen.  Bonus!)
4	I ate at cure two weeks ago (party of 4). We shared two appetizers and had an entree each. The food was good, and in contrast to other reviewers I found that the plate size was perfectly fine. (Pittsburghers are addicted to huge portions!) I had the duck, and I really enjoyed it (although I don't remember many details about the entree now - two weeks do that to you).The restaurant is also quite nice; it feels warm and friendly. And it's byob!I should conclude this otherwise positive review by mentioning an issue: my clothes (sweater, coat, etc.) stank food the next day! Food smells ae nice when they come from your plate, less so when they come from your coat or your hair.
5	A serious wow.I had low expectations, because I'm not really a cured meat person. But a group wanted to go, and who was I to say no? So glad that I didn't.We started with the salumi starter plate, which was a really nice way to ease into the whole cured meat thing. Delicious! And good to share. We also shared a ramps dish, which was "eh" but given that ramps are in season for only three weeks a year, we had to try it. We also had the beef tartare and that was a solid thumbs up.Hubby tried one of their sausages, while I had their hanger steak. Normally, I am not a hanger steak kind of girl, but this really knocked it out of the ballpark. Perfectly cooked, great mix of flavors, super tender... I have absolutely nothing bad to say about it, and can't wait to go back. Sadly, I'd probably just have the same thing again.Service is good, and the atmosphere is a bit rustic industrial, like Salt, but more intimate. What a great addition to the Pittsburgh scene!
5	A few friends and I checked this place out and loved it. The location is a bit random--way up in Lawrenceville--but otherwise I can see this place becoming a big hit in the Pittsburgh food scene. I forget what it was called, but the starter platter of all sorts of different meats was excellent and was plenty for the 5 of us. After that, shocker of shockers, we all got a good amount of meat. The preparation and focus on local food reminds me of a mix between Meat & Potatoes and Salt of the Earth...two of my favorite places in town.If you're looking to try something new, give this place a shot.
5	Loved it. Great food. Quality ingredients. Fantastic service. Friendly place.
5	I was just wondering if I was going to make it to Cure before I move out of the city, since it's been on my to-eat list for ages. And then my friend was like, "Hey, why don't we just go tomorrow?" UM, DUH!First of all, their website lists their weekend hours as an ambiguous "5-close" so even though Yelp says close=11pm I was a little wary of making reservations at 9pm, worried that our meal would be rushed. I was surprised that when we showed up (20 mins late) most of the tables were still full and lively, and some people even showed up after us. Awesome. The vibe is super comfortable, chalkboard menus AND regular menus (neck craning/squinting becomes optional). I feel like, environment-wise, it's what every new, trendy Pittsburgh restaurant wants to be.But yeah, the food is something serious. If you're coming here, you probably like meat. I mean, you kind of have to...it's not exactly vegetarian-friendly. So get the salumi. I mean seriously, it's not optional, you HAVE TO DO IT! If you don't order cured meat at a restaurant called Cure then something is wrong with you. Since we just had two of us, we ordered the small salumi, which I believe had duck pate, duck speck, lamb pepperoni, and lardo. I didn't care too much for the duck pate (but I don't normally like duck or pate, so I'm not the person to ask). However, the speck & pepperoni were crazy addictive...and the lardo, OMG! I had never had lardo before but it's basically just an excuse to smear animal fat on crostini and still be able to act like you're a total foodie. So ridiculously decadent, I never want to butter my bread with margarine again. Next time, I don't think I will be able to resist the large salumi...Oh yeah, we also got the beef tartare. Sadly, the salumi was so beyond that I almost forgot about the tartare, and it's hard to make me forget about a plate of delicious raw meat. It had a nice subtlly sweet flavor and if I hadn't been so enthralled with the salumi I'd probably rave more about it.We shared the pork tasting after that, and they very nicely split it (without us asking) into two perfectly portioned plates. It had a selection of rack, rump, saddle, belly, and boudin noir. I was legitimately frightened of putting the boudin noir in my mouth since the last time I had the stuff was when I decided to be adventurous and order morcilla in Spain and (TMI alert) literally threw up a little in my mouth, an experience that turned me off from blood sausage (call it what you want) forever. But, that was at a hole-in-the-wall tapas bar at the age of 19 and this was a trendy New American restaurant at the age of 24, I went for it. Okaaaay...it wasn't my favorite thing I ate that night, but it was...not that bad! I would even say I liked it. I have now conquered my fear of blood sausage, thank you Cure. Moving on, the rest of the plate was perfect in its simplicity. It was just plain good! The sides were french fries and peas which isn't really my jam, probably the only thing I would really change about the meal. But the pork was IT.I gotta give Cure five stars because it does exactly what it sets out to do. It's straight-up, honest, and doesn't try too hard. Just a very clear focus and nice, clean flavors. Can't believe I almost didn't get to this one but ohhh so glad I did!
5	Other than Penn mac- this is one of the best places to get a gastronomical education
5	This is as good as it gets.  Reinventing the wheel for sure.My boyfriend and I had a date night here tonight before catching the Pirates game. They won 2-1, nice save Hammer!We had the beef tartar and the asparagus to start. The beef was excellent, everything that I would want to taste ever, all in one bite... Excellent. The asparagus was very good.  My boyfriend had the risotto and I had the duck which were both grand slams. The risotto was with some sort of cheese we can't remember, braised pork shoulder and crispy kale.. So yummy.  My duck was cooked med-rare (perfectly) skin on and crispy with pok choy and I think quinoa.  There was also a celery sauce with smashed apricots. We split the strawberry, rhubarb, and lemon curd orgasmic perfection for dessert, enough said there.There were a lot of different flavors but it was never overwhelming.  All around very very yummy.  BYOB definitely a plus. We made it outa there with a 5 star meal in our bellies for around 80 bucks before tip, and very full.The service was great too, they seem to share a lot of the responsibilities and everyone cares about you.  Our server Gretchen, also let us know about their brunch menu which is $35 a person and offers your choice of a starter a main and a dessert. Plus they supply OJ and bloody Mary mix. They also let us know about their pig carving demonstration/ dinner nights. Very cool idea for foodies and we will be going to one of these after eating here.I would and will definitely recommend this place to the people who are advenurous with food.
4	Very god food, innovative dishes.No vegetarian choices, no fish dishes.The noise in the restaurant is unbearable, and the staff did not respond to requests to lower the music. No need for music with a full restaurant and all the the patrons yelling over the noise.
4	Stopped in Cure for their inaugural Sunday brunch, a $35/pp fixed course BYOB affair. I had heard much about Cure, but as I usually hang around vegetarians I had never been, so I was eager to see if it lived up to the hype.The restaurant is small and has a fairly casual interior. Mostly wood, with various butchering tools and hog paraphernalia lining the walls as decor. The  music playing was good(a lot of Nirvana, among other things), but probably a little loud as it could be hard to hear over it at times. They had a small table set up for the self-serve drinks, with carafes of OJ for mimosas(or just drinking juice), and Clarion River Organics spicy bloody mary mix(with celery, pickled, asparagus, and a few other garnishes).After we arrived it took a while for a waiter to greet us, maybe because we were still staring at the (lone) menu at the table, but at some point it would have been nice to get a hello and a more detailed rundown of the options. We put in our order - there were 4 appetizer and 4 entree selections,and 3 desserts - smoked salmon, antipasti, and strawberry gazpacho for the appetizers, 2 hangar steaks & eggs, and a duck confit benedict for entrees, and one of each dessert(cheese board, chocolate souffle, and a lemon-rhubarb parfait).Simply put, the food was fantastic. Simple, but perfect, with amazing ingredients. I can't recall most of the names of the items on the antipasti plate, but I cleaned it with ease. The salmon also stood out, with the plate lined with Harissa yogurt making a perfectly balanced dish. The entrees too, were fantastic - the duck confit being the best I'd ever had(of the 2 or 3 times I've had it), all eggs being perfectly prepared, and the hangar steak being absolutely the best piece of red meat I've ever tasted, hands down.Dessert and coffee came out afterwards, again all were delicious, the souffle stood out as being particularly tasty, and the coffee was great too, served with a large hunk of brown sugar on the side for dipping to the correct amount. We chatted a bit with our waitress about the upcoming events(Hog butchering, an Italian BBQ, dinner with notion) - Cure holds them often, having a whole chalkboard full of over 10 for this summer. The whole meal took nearly 2 hours to complete, and I felt like we received plenty of food(in response to many people I've heard claiming they left hungry at dinner time).I'd definitely like try Cure for dinner, I think the food certainly lives up to the hype. They are still fairly new, so I believe they may still have some dining room kinks to work out, but definitely don't let that keep you from trying this awesome spot.
4	It's really nice to see a restaurant make changes for the better over it's early existence.  I first visited Cure a short while after it opened this winter.  Although the food and music were great, I thought the portions were too small for the price point.  Although other reviewers made comments that Pittsburghers don't understand portion size, I can assure you that I do and only getting 2 bites of duck for $28 isn't OK.  Well, I just visited Cure for a 2nd time on recent Thursday night and I'm really glad I gave it a second chance.  The Salumi plate that previously sold for $18 is now only $8.  It's a great way to be introduced to the restaurant's specialty of cured meat and splits perfectly among 2-3 people.  If you have a big group, you can get the SALUMI plate for $26.  I saw one of the waiters bring one out and it looked monstrous, easily enough for a larger group to try.For an appetizer I tried the chanterelle mushroom ravioli.  It was in a delicious sauce and the paste was cooked perfectly al dente.  For an entree I had the hanger steak which was cooked to medium rare perfection.  It was accompanied with an outstanding cheese curd gratin potatoes in the shape of a cake.  The bordelaise sause with dijon mustard was phenomenal.  The portion size was absolutely perfect for the $28 price.  I was full but not stuffed and rolling out the door.Now re-evaluating Cure after it's been open about 6 months, I was really happy to see the portion size and price point is now much more in sync.  Although still loud, the great music even appeared to be turned down from my previous visit and it was easier to converse with my dinner companions.Justin Serevino is clearly one of the most talented chefs in Pittsburgh.  I hope to someday go to one of the "combination" dinners that he's hosted with other area chefs like Derek Stevens or Dave Racicot.  Cure is not only the premier BYOB restaurant in town, but the chef's stunning creativity with meat make it one of the best restaurants in Pittsburgh.
5	This is a temple to pork. Come here and worship the glory that is pig. Order the salumi, an exquisite plate of pork in about 10 varieties. Then order more pork. Then pray, because there is now firm proof that God exists. Pork is too delicious to have originated randomly.
5	I went in with high expectations and Cure exceeded them. The food and service was wonderful. You can really appreciate the passion behind the food.  After sharing the small Salumi plate (more than enough for two), I had the hanger steak and my wife had the duck confit.  Both were excellent and were prepared with many different elements (like something deconstructed) that you can experiment with to find your favorite combination of flavors.  The hanger steak was probably the best I've ever had.  I really enjoyed the little fluffy truffle parmesan churros, a very nice compliment to the meat.  The duck confit was just as delicious, especially the foie that came in the jar.  Luckily we left enough room for dessert because it was so delicious.  A wonderful meal.  Other than the food my other favorite part was bringing our own bottle of wine and only paying a small corkage fee.  I wish more restaurants did this (charging way less than $25 for a corkage fee).
5	My vote for best restaurant in Pittsburgh is Cure. The only thing that would make it better is if they had cocktails (it's BYOB) but that allows you to put money towards food. Make sure you call well ahead for a reservation; I tried a few days in advance and they were already booked, but Jen was extremely accommodating and found a time to get us in.  I saw multiple unfortunate couples try to walk in for a table, with no success.You should definitely start with the large salumi platter for $26.  It's not overly filling but has a lot of variety, so you will still have plenty of room for entrees.  The locally-sourced menu changes often, and the attention to detail on the plate is just about perfect.  Flavors are complex but well balanced.  This chef knows his stuff.  The lardo was awesome (I actually asked for more for "dessert" and their house mustards were kick-ass.  The actually had pig head on the menu (the whole friggin' head came on the plate, too) but they were already sold out by the time we ordered.  Next time hopefully.  From a design perspective, they have an open kitchen, with an overall rustic feel to the dining room.  I liked it, as it's not pretentious and you don't get the feeling that they're trying too hard.  Service was also spot on, being just attentive enough, and doing a good job of what was on the plate.  I can't wait to go back.
5	I booked online, over july 4th holiday week when they were closed, not expecting to hear from them....low and behold an email confirmation from Jen.  Point 1. Server was familiar with the menu, service pretty prompt for a Friday night. Point 2. The big meat board came and they named each thing on the meat board tour....which I love. I hate when servers set something down in front of you and don't explain it.  Point 3. I ordered the Duck Confit, as usual, but with some extra parts....fried duck heart and whole liver, all good point 4. BF ordered the Pig Head. Oh yeah! I didn't have the guts to do it, glad he did. He also also opened up the hatches to eat the pigs eyeball.....my mini Andrew Zimmermann. Friends ordered the suckling pork dish.  All around wonderful meal.  Point 5.  And added bonus, we saw Randy Baumann from WDVE there.
5	I have waited so long to try Cure. Its not Country Kitchen buffet, folks. So the emphasis is on the complexity and richness of flavor. I will agree that the Salumi plate is worth getting for the varieties of flavor. The lardo was like Ricky from the trailer park boys explaining the merits of dipping bread heels in bacon grease. Mmm bacon. I enjoyed most of them thoroughly.I ordered the pork belly, which given my affinity for pork products, and particularly bacon, is not surprising. Best choice ever. It was a dense, and delicious hunk of meat. The flavors of the meat and the curing process were the emphasis, so there were no frivolous seasonings. A perfect, slightly tough crispy exterior which tasted exquisitely fatty and delicious with every bite. I took each bite very slowly to simply savor the flavor and it really did me a favor. I should have signed a waiver; "it was so good it hurt" is what I told the waiter. I should also tell you bout them taters, smokey and cheesy, I couldn't wait until later, too delicious and quite lascivious, I will return, ever epicurious.
5	thanks god this placed showed up in pittsburgh!  my favorite place to eat in pittsburgh. outstanding food, especially if you know your business. if not, no worries, everything is still slap you in the face delicious.  menu rotates frequently so won't tell you want to order, but definitely check out the small plates.  sauces are perfectly balanced. dishes tend to on the heavy side with less emphasis on veges.byob so prices stay way reasonable for the high quality of food.and have no fear vegetarians, the owner used to be a vegetarian and is happy to whip something up if you let him know. you need to go here if you like eating!
5	One of the best restaurants in Pittsburgh. Excellent.
5	As a recent emigrant to Pittsburgh I feel quite lucky that I chose to reside in the same Upper Lawrenceville neighborhood as Cure. I've been here for a little over a month but have already visited Cure twice, and not because it is within walking distance.Here you can order anything off the menu no matter how startling it may sound and be assured that it will be delicious. For example, at my last visit, I had the duck heart with foie gras croquettes and duck leg confit. I twirled the small heart through the cherry custard and brioche puree accompanying and felt like an evil Disney Queen as I devoured it. yummers.We also always order a bottle of  Pittsburgh Seltzer. Although it's just carbonated tap water it's fun to use the old-fashioned seltzer bottles and it adds an extra layer of fancy to our meal.For both of visits our deserts contained pistachio butter sauce, which is 1 million times better than peanut butter and haunts my dreams nightly.
4	Did the chefs tasting last night so creative food was great.  Cool spot, chef is a great guy I'll be going back for sure.  BYOB !
5	I rarely give a five star review to a restaurant. It is a special confluence of relaxed atmosphere, good service, and stellar food that earn that designation for me. Hype is always a danger, but Cure has earned its reputation. Our meal started with the SALUMI board, a selection of meats that varied from "delicious" to "if you try to take this away I'll stab you." I highly recommend sharing this appetizer with someone you love, but be warned, stealing the last piece of duck on that platter is grounds for divorce...For our entree we shared the Pork and Squab plate. The server brought out our entree already split, on two plates, which was a nice touch (especially for no extra charge!)  The pork and the squab fought for the title of best bite. My wife and I still disagree on which was better. The plate was garnished with roasted romaine lettuce, chanterelle mushrooms, and a mix of corn pudding and corn bread. Do not miss this dish if you have the chance. For desert we sampled the cheese platter, and shared a chocolate souffle cake. Both of these deserts were good, but after that entree, honestly, everything is a blur...
4	Huge fan of this restaurant. Simple, local menu, casual environment, BYOB and amazing dishes. I couldn't have asked for a better experience.
5	My boyfriend and I have been looking forward to trying Cure since it opened, and it definitely met our expectations at dinner last Friday night.  Cure has got it all figured out: food, service, and ambiance.  When we entered the restaurant at 6:30, we noticed that all of the tables were full (except ours), yet it didn't seem overcrowded.  The tables weren't too close together; we didn't feel like we had to whisper so as not to disturb the neighboring tables.  We had the Salumi appetizer (I don't eat meat, but that mustard was unlike anything I've ever had!).  I'd also highly recommend the heirloom tomato appetizer (watermelon, basil, white balsamic foam, pine nut brittle, goat cheese, and fennel pollen).  I had the trout as my entree, and I can't say enough good things about it.  It was light and not at all greasy, and the creamy almond aioli paired perfectly with it.  Nice touches:-Corkage fee is CHEAP!-The chalkboard lists all of the local farms that Justin buys from...It even notes what he buys from each farm.  Loved the heirloom tomatoes?  Now you know where to buy them.-Michael Pollan books in the women's bathroom :)-Justin, the chef and owner, seems like a truly nice guy.  He was smiling and talking to customers, and he didn't seem to have that suuuper cocky attitude that head chefs tend to have.-#13 out of 50 best new restaurants in the COUNTRY according to Bon Appetit magazine... enough said!
3	For a place that uses a pig as a mascot, Cure had surprisingly few pork main dish choices.  The salumi was good, but otherwise, I think their other dishes are extremely overpriced.  Considering the area (yeah, yeah Lawrenceville is "hip" now...whatever), I'd have to say this place would have been better located somewhere closer to downtown...Especially due to the extreme parking issues...I've driven up 54th street nearly every day since Cure has been open and there's always a white car parked illegaly right on the corner in front of the restaurant - practically in the crosswalk.  This atrocious parking job causes a LOT of traffic issues for residents trying to get in and out of that street because this car blocks traffic.  I've had to back back into traffic numerous times because the road is too tight for two cars to get through.  The person (i.e. a-hole) who keeps parking there has single-handedly lost any future business from me.  /rant.
5	With all of the great reviews that I read before I came here I definitely had high expectations and they were exceeded! We started with the large Salumi board and even though it was just the two of us I was glad that we got it because we were able to try all of the different varieties of cured meats.  I was particularly fond of the lardo and the duck speck (possibly proscuitto).  I was hoping for a duck entree, but since none were available we decided to split the squab and pork belly, and boy was I glad that we did.  They split the entree for us without us requesting and even split I thought that the portion was good after the Salumi board.  The squab was cooked to a perfect medium rare and the pork belly was delicious.  My husband and I continue to disagree on this fact, but my favorite was the squab.  The entree was accompanied by grilled romaine lettuce, cornbread, and corn pudding.  For dessert we shared the cheese platter and the chocolate souffle cake.  Both were good, but I really didn't notice after the amazing entree. I will definitely be back and can't wait to try some new things!
5	had dinner there last night.  awesome experience.  perfect vibe.  the appetizer of sable was truly a hit.  whereas the small Salumi board was underwhelming.  would choose something else.  In term of main courses we had the Meatballs, which had the best, bright kale with shaved cheese.  and the shortribs which were perfect.  my husband had the chocolate dessert which was made to perfection.the service as a bit off, as our waitress was missing for a bit, but the hostess jumped in and helped.  Highly recommended, one very memorable meal.
4	I love any place that brings traditional meats cured to savory goodness.  The menu has choices of small plates for sharing and entrees.  If there is one dish that is a must try, it is the salumi.  It is a board filled with every imaginable cured meat, cheese and lardo. Entrees are hearty and follow a farm to table theme.  The restaurant is BYOB, so bring the booze if you want to pair.  The place is small (and a bit loud) so make sure to make a reservation.
4	This place tries just a little too hard. Every plate shouldn't have to have a dozen elements to be pleasing to the palate. Beet salad was excellent although a miniscule portion. Veal cheek was interesting and tasty. The foam makes for a grand presentation but is practically tasteless. I get the whole cure concept but does every plate need to be accompanied by some fat laden sausage/pork belly? You are obviously catering to the hipster crowd who wouldn't recognize a cardiologist if she hit them over the head. Chocolate souffle cake was excellent as well but lose the pistachio butter. It is that kind of nut butter that unpleasantly sucks all the moisture out of your mouth. Paw paw semifreddo was great but again, trying too hard.
5	I ate here this past Friday evening for dinner with my girlfriend and her friend.  We got to the restaurant at around 7:30 and I was surprised to find it half empty for that time on a Friday night.  However, throughout the night the tables filled in and by the time we finished dinner the place was full and so I would recommend reservations.  It is also a BYOB place for which we we paid a $3 corkage fee for our bottle of wine and I don't think there was a single table without some kind of adult beverage on it.  The decor of the restaurant is kind of cool with a wooden wall with a few minor pig decorations.  This matches their menu which is a piece of paper on a wooden plank.  It also seems like it was built in what used to be a split level house as the dining room is at the bottom and up a short flight of stairs is a food bar.  This bar faces the kitchen where you could watch the chefs cook and also see everything like the hanging freshly made pasta.  The next time that I visit this place I think that I would enjoy sitting up there.We decided to start off our meal with both the squid ink spaghetti and the SALUMI plate.  I have it capitalized there as there are actually two different salumi starters on the menu with the larger of the two being capitalized.  The salumi plate came out on a plank of wood and consisted of a large number of cured meats and pates, some pickled vegetables, a few pieces of a crusty bread and 3 different kinds of mustard (stone-ground, regular and balsamic vinegar).  Almost everything on the plate was amazing and I even enjoyed a few of the pates which I can't say that I ever had before.  My girlfriend and her friend also really enjoyed the stone-ground mustard and made some comments about how they would be willing to buy a bottle of it.  The squid ink spaghetti came served with the black noodles in a sauce topped with a bit of anchovies like fish all next to a sunny side up egg.  It was wonderful as the noodles paired perfectly with the sauce and were delightful with some egg yolk over them.  The only thing I did not enjoy was the fish due to the intense fishy flavor but I get how the saltiness help cut in the decadence of the dish.  For my entree I decided to order the duck which was served on the bone and fried on top of a bed of red cabbage.  It was pretty to look at and the flavor of the duck was great with my only complaint of it being that the little bit right underneath the batter was a bit greasy for my liking.  The cabbage was also good but rightfully played second fiddle to the duck.The bottom line for me is that I will definitely be back in the future.  Heading into here I was skeptical of all of the hype that I had read surrounding this restaurant but they certainly made me a believer.
5	My parents were in this weekend visiting from Chicago and I thought that would be the perfect opportunity to FINALLY try Cure... a worthy match-up against the feasts they are privy to on a regular basis in a city with many more culinary offerings.  It didn't take any convincing when I told them that it was named by Bon Appetit as one of the top 50 new restaurants in the US this year AND of course features meat, meat, and more meat.  Plus, I have been quite the salivating green-eyed monster ever since my boyfriend ate here over the summer, which I sadly missed due to being away on a free beach vacation (i know, life is rough around these parts).Anyway, it definitely lived up to its expectations.  If anyone doesn't feel like reading the long descriptions ahead, the one thing that you need to know about Cure is that literally every bite you will eat there is packed with the most amazingly rich and well thought-out flavors you could imagine.  Go there. Now.Read on for ramblings cause I like to re-live my meals through reviews.We started with the large salumi platter.  Our waitress took the time to carefully go through each component on the board to tell us what we would be sampling.  After one bite I completely forgot everything she said, but it was okay because I didn't care what I was eating I just knew it was delicious.  Three of the four of us shared the platter, while my mom opted for a beet salad.  While I would typically always choose meat over vegetables, I have to say that the salad was also amazing.  There were beets that were smoked, roasted, and pickled along with some kind of foam (pear maybe?), blue cheese something or other, and a hazelnut brittle with the nuts burnt just a little bit for a deep and earthy flavor. YUM.  As for the salumi plate, my dad, boyfriend, and i had no problem devouring everything on it.And then came the entrees.  I don't think I have ever spoken so few words in one meal I was so preoccupied with what was on my plate.  I ordered the squab, which came served with a rosemary something or other sausage over spiced red cabbage and a butternut squash sauce with vanilla and orange in it with smoked walnuts.  Every bite I took of this dish I just wanted to keep eating more and more.  Each part of it was amazing on its own, but combined brought me to a spiritual place- the holy trinity of food right there on my plate.  I could go on and on about the food but I will stop myself.  I will share that the entrees around the rest of the table were equally as good-- boyfriend got a tagine of goat with red currants and amazingness, dad got gnocci with tripe and sausage, and mom got veal cheeks with pork belly and crispy kale.  We were all stuffed by dessert but based on the rest of the meal decided we had to order it anyway (of course).  We shared a super tasty creamed ricotta something or other and a dark chocolate souffle with pistachio butter topped with sea salt.  I usually don't care about dessert, but I could eat nothing but that cake all day every day and be a happy girl.  Again, I am not sure if I mentioned but the entire meal was AMAZING.That combined with the BYOB with reasonable corkage fee (I think $3 a bottle) and there is no reason to go anywhere else, really.  I think I spent just as much trying to enjoy a mediocre meal plenty of other places around the Burgh (won't name those places here will just have to conjure up some reviews for them).Only one complaint at all- and that is that the restaurant is VERY loud.  Our table of four was small enough that, while a bit strained at times, we could hear one other, but any larger of a group and we would have been forced into that awkward situation where you have 2 or 3 mini conversations going on and someone that one person at the middle of the table can't figure out which conversation they are supposed to be part of and spends the evening wasting mental energy trying to keep up with what happened on the Kardashians this week to the left and why we should all be glad Nick Lachey and Jessica Simpson didn't have any children on the right with some talk about the fact that Paul Ryan looks kind of like Gabe from the Office straight ahead-- it can all become so exhausting that you forget how good the food is!
5	Not a single thing in this entire restaurant that disappointed me! I was overly pleased with the quality of food, attention to detail, atmosphere, and essentially everything else. I LOVE the open kitchen; the chef was there and interacting, no chaos, no heavy vulgar language (which I expect from a hardcore kitchen). Overall an incredibly pleasant visit. I will definitely be coming back in the future!
5	Awesome atmosphere- cozy, right off Butler. BYOB. Farm to table, ever changing menu known for it's dishes with different types of meat. Don't come here expecting to order chicken or steak. Menu consisted of veal, pork, rabbit, squid, duck etc.At recommendation of the waiter, I started with a ravioli appetizer with a unique pesto sauce. Absolutely mouth watering....I could have eaten that as my meal if they offered a full portion. Ordered pork for my meal...also very good. BF ordered veal and it was oh so tender. Food was SO unique and absolutely delicious and sometimes surprising (I have to admit we had to google a few ingredients on the menu). Definitely a fun dining experience.
5	Absolutely love this place! Never a bad experience. Chef  Justin Severino & his staff our very welcoming. the food is out of this world good! I live next door & own a business a few blocks down. I have seen CURE & Justin grow into what they are today. All I can say is well deserved!
5	After finally getting to Cure again, I have to say this just might officially be my favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh.My friend and I were so obsessed with the small salumi we had last time that this time we ordered the large salumi. And we finished it all. Please don't judge us. Actually, I don't care. It's worth the judgement. This is a charcuterie fanatic's wet dream. The duck speck and the lardo are just ridiculously good, and thankfully those seem to be two of the staples that stick around on the menu. Even the pates were delicious, and I really am not a pate person.We also got a salad, because that cancels out the fact that we just ate a table full of fatty meat (shush, it's sound logic). It had cinnamon croutons and bleu cheese and some other stuff. It kinda tasted like Christmas. I was into it.We also got a main course to share. I know, I'm not sure why we thought this was a good idea. It was wayyy too much food! Next time I will (attempt to) control myself, but questionable decisions aside, I would have been super sad to have missed out on the cider-braised veal cheeks. Even better than the pork sampler I had the first time I was here, with the same simple, unpretentious style. Nothing fancy, just a whole roasted baby onion and some crispy kale leaves and an impeccably cooked piece of meat.There's honestly nothing I dislike at Cure, besides the fact that getting in can be difficult on the weekend. I was turned away as a walk-in several times before finally planning ahead and making a reservation. But it's worth it!
4	A very good restaurant in a nice up-and-coming neighborhood.  Will be 5 stars when they have a bar.  I would make a menu suggestion, but it seemed like they change it frequently (which I like).  Obviously pork themed, and they did not disappoint.  Also they had a chestnut soup that tasted like fall.  I love it when food can be impressionistic.  They focus on locally grown food which was definitely apparent in the food.  Everything just tasted fresh.
4	Respectfully friendly service - what a nice encounter. More BYOB gastro-pub than restaurant since menu changes daily and is limited to about 8 entres or so. Cool appetizers. Since the emphasis is on meat, most plates seemed heavy winter-ized with sauces, creams, starch etc. Little if any lighter fare. Tasty trout, outstanding beef cheeks beautifully cooked with great sauce, novel pork choucroute (wurst-free and cole-slaw like). Advice: Book a table for when they open their doors and order all the appetizers for dinner. If you like the experience, return for an entre another time.
5	I've been several times now, and every visit has been excellent.  Despite a little snafu with the reservation on my last visit, they still seated us - at the chef's counter, which actually made it way better than the other meals I've had at one of the tables.  (The entire kitchen staff was really friendly and willing to chat when they had time around their very busy Saturday night crowd.  Sounds like they all really love food.)  This place would be five stars anywhere, which makes it, like, a six-star place in Pittsburgh.  A few weeks ago, I ate at a well-reviewed "pig" place in DuPont Circle in DC, and it paled in comparison to Cure.  The salumi is a must-have, as always.  We also split an excellent bitter greens salad and a duck confit (which they very awesomely plated for us as half-portions on two plates), which was incredible.  The panna cotta was outstanding, too.  Everything we saw being plated in front of us looked mouth-watering, too - seriously doubt any of the other dishes would disappoint.  Seriously: vegetarians should not even think about eating here.  You'd be an a-hole for asking them to cater to your diet.
5	Love this place.  Have been here on 2 consecutive visits to PGH now, and both times have been amazing.  This is definitely the most innovative, creative restaurant in Pittsburgh, and deserves acclaim.  Every dish is well thought out, perfectly executed, and delightful.  Also, the BYOB status makes it REALLY reasonable for a nice dinner.  (menu is posted daily so you can wine match if you want to)Overall, a total LIKE. Go now before it gets so popular that reservations are difficult!
5	I am not even that big on meat but Cure was amazing. We shared the big salumi between three people and was more than enough. My main course was the duck and it was done just right. I also really enjoyed the atmosphere with its wooden decor and farm tables. With BYOB, the price is pretty reasonable as well for such good food and ambiance.
5	Cure continually impresses.  There is a reason that it was recognized as one of Bon Appetit magazine's top 50 new restaurants.  One of my top two restaurants in Pittsburgh, I have never been less than completely impressed with any dish at Cure.Their foie blonde, a foie gras and chicken liver pate, is exceptional, and had my friend, who is a professional chef, literally in tears of joy.  Of course, their house cured meats are the star, and every time I go there I order the large salumi board.  Every item on the salumi board is phenomenal, so it is very difficult for me to choose any one favorite.In my many ventures to Cure, I have sampled their boudin blanc, hanger steak, duck confit, braised veal cheeks, pork belly gnocchi, and many other items.  Quite frankly, every single dish has been wonderful.The atmosphere is unique.  It is a small but charming restaurant with unique decor that is befitting of a restaurant that specializes in charcuterie.The only caution I have is that this is a meat place -- they frequently have vegetarian options, but the star of this restaurant is the way they do their meats.  If you love meats, then I can't recommend Cure enough.
4	Cure was not what I expected as I assumed it would be a lot of meat, and not much else. Pleasantly, Cure does a great job at balancing out dishes to create delicious and interesting meals.The menu may not be for everyone, but Cure is definitely a place to take a chance and try something new as you can be sure they'll do it right.
1	Horrendous Service. Never visting this place again. Yes my friends and I were 10-15 minutes late for reservation. We called 20 minutes beforehand to say we would be down 2 to the reservation and would be ten minutes late. We came in, purchased appetizers, entrees, dessert, and opened 3 bottles of wine and 4 bottles of beer (each beer bottle cost $3 to cork, talk about overpriced!). Closing in on two hours and 15 minutes, we were told we needed to leave soon because we had spent too much time. Finishing up our remaining glasses, we were quickly told "sorry, we need this table. you need to leave." Isn't that restaurant no-no number 1? Never ask patrons to leave? How sad. I've never had this happen to me in any previous restaurant experience. After getting out of our table, my roommate went to a friend who happened to be visiting at another table and stated "feel free to tip as little as you want, they just kick you out". Yeah, not the BEST thing to say, but come on, his statement would have never occurred had they not rudely asked us to leave. After that, the manager told the owner how "rude" we were being, and he came over to tell us to leave. He said he was sorry, but that he had to side with his manager. Funny enough he finished his statement with "the big one was being rude" (side note- in any outing I will always be pinned as the "big one") when I was doing nothing, merely laughing in the corner because I'm a sucker for horrendously awkward situations. At this point another friend was talking to a different friend (hope you're not lost yet, and you've made it all the way down here!) about how good the food was, when the owner said "you need to leave, stop talking to them." When my friend protested he was only catching up with a friend and telling him about the food, the owner responded with "you need to leave now". Dang, where did common courtesy go? Eventually we left, but not without a sour taste in my mouth. I wrote on their Facebook wall and how disgusted I was at how we were treated. And guess what. Within five minutes I was banned and my comment deleted (talk about service! maybe they needed that in their own establishment). Overall thoroughly disappointed with how the whole situation was treated.PS- Salt of the Earth is better. Just saying...
5	After months of wanting to try Cure I was finally able to convince some friends to splurge on a great night out. Fortunately my hype was not an exageration, and everyone loved the restaurant and their meals. We started with the large charcuterie board which was packed with 3-4 slices of about 10 different types of cured meats, several mustards, some great pickled things, and bread. It was a fun appetizer to share as everyone sampled the different cured meats then exclaimed "No, no, no, THIS one is the best." We split the app 3 ways, but it is certainly large enough for 4-5 people. For my entre I had the dry aged ribeye which came with caramelized onion puree, parsnip puree, and berneise sauce. The steak was fantastic, cooked edge to edge at a perfect medium rare. The purees allowed you to mix and match tastes until you found your perfect combo. One of my friends had this duck confit/pork/beef ragu that tasted like the worlds best slow braised pot roast. My other friend had the the short rib with goat cheese risotto and charred/roasted brussel sprouts. It was a huge plate of savory/tangy/rich goodness, hands down the winning plate of the night. We topped the meal off with a great cup of La Prima coffee, and everyone was pleased.All together we each spent $60 including tip, which was just the right amount of money to prove to my friends that it's absolutely worth doping a little cash once and a while for a memorable meal. Hopefully we will no longer be limited to $.25 wings, and $2 yuengs!
4	Four for dinner, 6:00 pm, Sat. evening, 3rd try at a reservation. Pretty quite when we walked in, but soon the place was full. Our waitress was efficient and very friendly. During the course of our meal we had three people attend to us.As others here, we started with the large salumi. Very interesting and a great start. Between us we had trout, pork cheeks, pork trotters, and beef. Pretty presentations, interesting ingredients. And all were quite tasty. Deductions: our great waitress rushed us with our appetizer, taking it before we had finished it. Really. Had we lingered too long on this wonderful meat? From then on we were self-conscious about the time and wondering when we might again be pushed. We weren't, but it took a little shine off the experience.
2	Really noisy.  A table next to us (of about 12 people) did nothing but bellow for two hours, even standing up over the table and hollering toasts down the length of the restaurant.  .  We asked from time to time whether the manager could ask them to be quieter, but she was reluctant to do anything.  It had a bad impact on our meal; we could not hear each other talk.
5	Stop reading this review and go to eat at Cure right now!Given that you're still reading, I'll give you the benefit of the doubt and assume Cure is closed for the night, so let me help you plan your attack for when they reopen their doors tomorrow.There is a lot of hype about Cure. Some would say that kind of hype is just from people trying to justify paying $30 for an entree. NOT SO. Cure is all that and an extra large Salumi plate on the side!  A beautiful painted copper ceiling balanced the rustic wooden beams decorating the walls and the hot wooden plates our meals were served on.  Besides the menus printed on torn paper, the friendly staff, and the giant stencil pig spray painted on the side of the building, cure is an entirely unpretentious affair.They cure all their own meats in house, which results in some of the most unique and intense flavors I've ever experienced.  Virtually every dish surprises, with low and high end fusions like pigs feet with lobster sauce and pig cheek and parsnip pie.  The steak and potatoes are the most well prepared you could find.  Yet, the wholly inventive daily specials did not end with the entrees!We finished with the amazing cheese plate, smoked goat cheese doughnut, and an impossibly indulgent yet fluffy dark chocolate souffle cake.  I feel genuinely lucky to have cure in our city.  I'll go back every chance I get!
5	An unconventional use of animal parts made for a unique and tasty meal. I'm hard to impress, but I left Cure happy. A great dining experience. Go.
5	We came here as the "Last Supper" with some friends who won't be going out to higher-end restaurants for a little while.  They agreed it couldn't have been a better meal. I just wanted to update my last review based on one menu item that may look skeptical to some.  I know the menu changes pretty often, but I just wanted to point it out in case its still there.  It's a truffle risotto for $30.  I know what you are thinking because I thought it to.  Risotto for $30!!  That's insane; it better be the best truffle risotto on this side of the Mississippi.  Well, it is.  It came out in a large helping and shaved truffles came on top of it covering the risotto so thick that all you saw was black and no white from the risotto underneath.  Well worth the $30 if you are on the fence.
5	Cure is changing the expectations of food in Pittsburgh.  I went there about a year ago.  I ordered a cheese plate and not only was the cheese amazing but the way it was plated was great.  I ordered the chicken which was also great.  The whole restaurant from the menus to the food was exceptional.  I can't wait to go back! You have to call well in advance because it fills up quickly. It is also BYOB!
5	Amazing.  I love his place.  Fantastic salumi.  Interesting and creative dishes.  Great atmosphere.  I love BYOB, which doesn't' mean just wine, you can bring any beverage you like.  Knowledgeable, friendly, attentive staff.  It is fun to sit at the chef's counter.  I have been here twice, both times I was alone.  The first time I had a duck and quail dish and an amazing flan, the second time I started with salumi and ended with pig cheek.  Just loved it.  I wish I could afford to eat here every week.
5	This place is OUTSTANDING! It's not for everyone though! First of all, it is definitely  not for vegetarians, and secondly it isn't for non-adventurous eaters! Cure serve extremely creative small plates and entrees, with high quality ingredients! They change their menu very frequently and always have something exciting to try! The best part is that it's BYOB so you get to spend your money on trying more dishes! I highly recommend making a reservation in advance especially if you plan to go on a Friday or Saturday night. My friend has this interesting metric in evaluating restaurants which is (How would this place do if it was in NYC?). Using my friend's metric, I would say Cure will be a 5 stars restaurant even in NYC ;)
5	As a man with a conscience, I do not eat cured meats and especially sausage or salami.  But, this chef is truly a master at creating healthier or perhaps not as detrimental, interesting and tasty recipe's from so many ingredients.  The "Pork" dish was simply incredible, but my favorite entree may have been the short rib dish.  I typically find this dish tasting similar in most restaurants to where I have lost interest.  I tried my son's dish and I am sold on this chef.  This is not chile or barbecue - it is distinctly delicious.  My wife dared try the swordfish (if not raw, typically overcooked), and I was interested when I saw they did the bag method.  This is the only hope for decent swordfish and it was outstanding as well.  This chef may rival Jose Garces in Philly, but everything is much more affordable and a BYO.  Please Chef, come to the Philly burbs; Bucks County is calling as there is a dearth of interesting restaurants - no joke.
3	It's been a couple of days between eating at Cure and writing about it. I wasn't quite sure how to begin, or how to fully put into words exactly what I felt about the place into a coherent 'review'. And the best I can really come up with is a 'mixed bag'.It is a lovely space, with a very lovely and excitedly helpful staff. They adore what they're peddling and are more than happy to explain every detail about it. Our server, Madeline, was a very good coach...in fact, the only thing that was unnerving about Madeline was that as she bent down to serve my friend her entree (rabbit), Madeline's two bunny tattoos appeared from her cleavage. That was a little Twilight Zonish.The food. Well, when you're in the mood to pay heftily for appetizer sized portions, then by all means, this is the place for YOU!  However, when I think of a regular place to go out and 'eat', I think of leaving the restaurant NOT feeling like I need to go out and eat. Now I understand the 'foodie' mentality, that believes, like the Emperor's New Clothes, that a single bite orgasm for $30 is better than feeling full and sated for $15. But as I've said many times before, I'm not a 'foodie'...I like FOOD.We ordered three items. My friend ordered a tartar appetizer that was $12. Basically, a tablespoon of Grape-Nut sized grains of raw 'cured' meat, scattered around a medium plate, with a couple of sauces plopped into pools, some kind of greenery fluffing up one side, and a few tiny crunchy bits scattered around with the meat. Was it tasty? Absolutely. The sauces were yummy, and the meat was very good. But the price of an average entree? Next up, for me, trying to stick to a carb free diet, I opted for the 'Salumi' platter, which is a variety of their cured meats, from pepperoni to pate, beautifully laid mostly flat to cover a large platter. Had it all been scraped together, it might have been the size of an average hamburger, minus one half of the bun. Was it tasty? Absolutely. It was a bunch of different meats, with a little blob of pickled veggies, and a couple of different teaspoonfuls of mustards, and two small cubes of bread spread with 'lardo'. My mouth enjoyed it, but did not have an orgasm, and what was essentially an antipasto platter, was $30.My friend ordered the rabbit for her entree. Miller Family Farm Rabbit "Porchetta"- with almond, roasted garlic polenta, pickled fennel, pancetta, apple, lacinato kale. (that's what the description says) On her plate I saw one rabbit leg, which was about the size of the average frog leg from a Japanese buffet, two little rolled up items which could have been the polenta wrapped in pancetta (I really don't know) which were the size of two average pieces of sushi roll, an apple SLICE that had been baked, and as for the rest of the descriptive ingredients? I really couldn't tell from looking at the plate that ANY of them were actually on it. This art project on a plate cost $28. Was it tasty? Absolutely. Was it worth two hours of the average Joe's wages? Not so much.Again, I am torn. The atmosphere was pleasant, the food WAS delicious, the staff was very friendly. But as I said, when I go out to 'eat', even as an 'experience', there has to be something fantastical that will draw me back to be a regular. Otherwise, I came, I tried, I hit the drive-thru on the way home. And if I'm spending a small fortune (I am a secretary - not a CEO) on food, I kind of need to feel not hungry after I've eaten. To me, our meal at Cure was kind of like being at a high end gala fundraiser, where we paid a huge price per plate, sampled some really exquisite flavors, but really, the bulk of the money paid went to benefit the cause...in this case, the owners. I certainly didn't hate anything I put in my mouth - in fact it was all excellent. But not enough for me to go back and regularly fork out that kind of income for a 'sampling'.Sorry kids...you're too rich for my blood - even for a special occasion.
5	Let me just preface this review by saying I don't eat meat.  Fish, yes.  Meat, no.  My boyfriend was excited about making a reservation at Cure and looked forward to it all week. Me...not so much.  I was worried I wasn't going to find anything I would enjoy on the menu.  However, after our fantastic meal last weekend, I quickly changed my tune.The atmosphere was what got me first.  Rustic and simple, with tables that resembled cutting boards and no-frills table settings.  It was dark, cozy, and perfect for a date night.  Next came our menus...a piece of scorched paper, attached to a block of wood with a rubber band.  Interesting.I went straight for the fish entree, which that night, happened to be a swordfish conserva.  It was served with "squid ink spaghetti, lobster- San Marzano tomato sauce, Meyer lemon, bagna cauda, parsley, artichoke" and sounded fabulous!  My boyfriend went with a rabbit porchetta, which came with "almond, roasted garlic polenta, pickled fennel, pancetta, apple, lacinato kale."  These descriptions are taken from the menu, which changes weekly in order to reflect seasonal availability.While we were waiting for our food, I couldn't help but notice the eclectic music playlist Cure had going on that evening...mostly indie, with some Wiz Khalifa jams thrown in.  I was digging it.When my dinner arrived, I was surprised at the large portion.  Two nice-sized pieces of swordfish sat on either side of an equally large serving of squid ink pasta, topped with a tomato and lobster sauce.  The fish was, simply, put, amazing. The little bites of lobster in the sauce set off the saltiness of the squid ink pasta.  Any skepticism I had of enjoying my meal here was completely gone at this point.Where I found my portion to be almost over sized, my boyfriend's was pretty much at the opposite end of the spectrum. Luckily for him, I was willing to part with a few bites of my swordfish.  We finished the meal with Cure's chocolate souffle cake, a moist and decadent dessert topped with peanut butter, sea salt, and a touch of olive oil.  A fantastic way to end a delicious meal.Overall, I would highly recommend this restaurant to carnivores and pescatarians (vegetarians, you might be out of luck).  I love that this restaurant has such a committed focus on using local, sustainable, and ethical products in their cooking.  Also note that it a BYOB establishment, and I highly recommend making a reservation.
1	My boyfriend and I went to Cure.  We were really excited about another BYOB. Sadly, on a warm day, the restaurant is unbearable!! There are limited AC vents which cannot accommodate the crowd.  The couples beside us were both complaining about the heat when we sat down.  As the heat continued to rise, we decided to leave after the appetizer - 10 bites of cheese for $14!We explained our discomfort to the waiter who told us there was nothing to be done - it is HOT on a hot day.  We left with 2/3 of our wine and paid the hefty corkage fee.  Since they don't make the cheese, they can't really take credit for it. So I can't rate the taste of the food, just the discomfort and overpricing.
3	OK... A little disappointed by this place.  Risotto with truffles:  The risotto was overly salty because of the parmesan and I couldn't even taste the truffles!  Lamb-neck Ragu:  This dish was good.  However, coming from this place I expected it to be amazing or at least very good.  The lamb was quite tasty, but nothing you can't get at a decent Italian place.  This place is good, but I think it's just over-hyped.  I love the concept of it, but the difficulty of getting into this place will make it hard for me to get back to it.
2	This was one of the most disappointing meals I've had in some time.  I was dining alone, so I was seated at the kitchen bar. For the most part this was fine, although service seemed somewhat of an afterthought for these seats.  My main problem was the food.  I had a tasteless green garlic and dandelion soup to start.  The meyer lemon panna cotta cubes were the highlight and the only part that had any flavor.  Even the trout roe was bland and flabby, not briny and crisp.  For an entree I ordered the squab and pork belly.  There was about a 30 minute gap between the soup and my main course even though the restaurant wasn't full.  I was told the squab was served medium rare; however, my squab can only be described as raw.  It was so undercooked that I tried one bite and left the rest untouched.  The pork belly was fine but at this point everyone and their dog is serving pork belly.  The falafel that accompanied the dish really didn't mesh.  The block of wood that served as a plate came across as an affectation (I should have looked around for the garage sale record player currently popular in these types of restaurants).  I left feeling disappointed, ignored, and a bit hungry.
5	Cure is a great place! Fun atmosphere, great service and the food is amazing. The only place in Pittsburgh that you can get food like this.
4	Went with my wife on a Wednesday night.  Nice space, but pretty tight with the tables.  Our server was great. She explained the menu nicely, and she was courteous and professional with the BYOB wine service.  The menu is unique, for sure.  We ordered the tartare appetizer which had great flavors.  I still prefer a more traditional tasting steak tartare, but it was a great effort.  The portion was a bit small for sharing.  We also ordered the salad which was delicious.  It was really well done, but it didn't have any particular signature "Cure" influence about it.  The chicken egg, perhaps, was the unique item.  Again, we really enjoyed the taste.My wife ordered the hangar steak.  Everything about the dish was great.  She really enjoyed the flavors.  I had the Pork (three ways), which was a bit of a mess.  The pork pieces themselves were well done, especially the belly confit.  The problem was all of the extra sauces and purees which created a messy presentation and made it difficult to eat.  I would not choose to order this dish again in this manner, though the belly confit was great.I was wavering between 3-4 stars, but the BYOB pushed me over the edge.  It is a unique spot to go.  I wouldn't go with sky high expectations, but you should be treated to a nice, adventurous meal.Almost forgot, we had the Dark Chocolate Souffle Cake.  My wife loved it, but that is right up her alley as she loves dark chocolate and peanut butter.
5	Cure is charming: the food is gorgeous and incredibly delicious, and everything is served in a relaxed, casual, even festive atmosphere that can almost make you forget that dinner for two will set you back a pretty penny.Is it worth it? If you want food that's both thoughtful and really well-prepared without an ounce of pretension, yes. I had the goat tartare, which was a great balance of sweet and sour, fresh and crunchy - yet surprisingly light, and my husband had what Cure was calling Spring, with morels and grilled ramps, along with pomegranate and a "slow egg."  Both were delicious, and surprising, which I think is an important thing - when you're paying a premium and you're not at a steakhouse, you want the unexpected.  Then, I took a risk and ordered the roast chicken with coffee and cracked wheat gnocchi - there was nothing ordinary about this chicken, and it came with more grilled ramps, and pickled cabbage, both delicious.  My husband had the pork belly and squab, which was unctuous and tender - very decadent, and the sumac yogurt and falafel added sweet and crunchy textures that made the dish really special.You might be tempted to skip dessert after all that, but order the chocolate souffle, served with a savory pistachio puree and a balsamic reduction - topped with sea salt, it's sweet and unusual, just like Cure itself.By the time you read this, they should have a full bar - when we ate there on 4/21, it was the last night of BYOB.
5	Prepare yourself for a LONG review - please hang with me... it's well worth it! I promise that my observations about this fabulous place will not steer you amiss!Ok, so there are a few things I always like to notice when I come to a new place. These are customer behaviors that always raise my expectations for the better:1) When restaurant patrons are eagerly eyeing other customers' dishes as they come out of the kitchen2) When I see the owner or chef of another wonderful local place taking the night off to enjoy the cuisine of the place we are eating at.I can honestly say that I was pleased to see both of these events occur before my fleeting eyes this evening... Every single person at this place was greedily eyeing the plates coming from the kitchen with an almost child-like eagerness that rivals the face children make when opening Christmas presents. We were happy to see someone from another great place (Fukuda) being seated.My wife and I guiltily  stole away from home this evening, leaving our disappointed little one with the babysitter for a much deserved 'grown-up' night. I had read so many amazing reviews on Yelp that I simply could not help myself.I am in total agreement with those who believe that eating out at a great establishment should be an experience that pleases ALL of the senses. The powers that be at Cure have really thought this through. Yes, it is a small restaurant, and at first, you wonder how much a little place like this can impress, but it does!- SMELL - As you walk up to this unassuming establishment, you can smell the deliciousness emanating from within. The delicious aromas of smoky Nirvana welcome you, before you even open the door, and envelop your soul while you are seated at your table.- VISION - The interior of the establishment is lovely. From the embossed ceiling, to the raw wood floors and walls, this place is warm and inviting. Chairs and booths are comfortable, and this is exactly what one would desire at a place named "Cure"- SOUND - Tonight, I asked the owner, "Who makes the soundtrack for the establishment?" He answered that it was a completely collaborative effort - impressive. The best way to describe the lovely music we heard is that it is an eclectic mix of Satchmo with Squirrel Nut Zippers and vintage acoustic jazz. It just feels right. Yes, taste and hearing can be complimentary, and I applaud this establishment for really paying incredible attention to this detail, which is so often neglected!- TOUCH - They even provide tactile stimulation that suits their mission. Yes, fine restaurants always address this subtly - remember the "feel" of the fine paper your menu was printed on at that 3 star Michelin restaurant? Yes, they were appealing to your sense of touch. Cure does this more simply, with beautifully crafted hardwood boards they use for the menus and the bill. The boartds are soft and luxurious, and really complement the whole idea of smoked foods. Bravo!- TASTE - Yes, I kept this for last. The most incredible part of the evening was the flavors this team put on stage for us tonight. I chose the hanger steak, since I love its versatility and its complexity. It takes skill to make this cut taste like an indulgence -  Tonight, they served the meat with charred ramps, smoked and charred red onions and fingerling potatoes, and a trio of delicious dipping sauces - spicy pepper orange, white aioli, and green salsa verde. My wife had the asparagus trio, which was sublime, and also enjoyed a moist, savory chicken dish with multiple preparation styles.I almost forgot to compliment the beverages - kudos to them for having local Draai Laag beer on the menu... It pairs perfectly with all dishes we tried. Their bar looks fabulous, and their offerings on the drink menu appeared quite inviting.Overall, a stunning experience.Will most definitely be back - what an amazing meal!!!!
5	Could not resist - we went back this week. This time, we hit the SALUMI plate (to die for...), the tartare (mouth watering and delicious - the celery foam and caramelized onion confit perfectly matched the dish!), and split the Gluttony entree (splitting this one is a perfect amount of food once you've feasted on the two other dishes listed above.Read my original review if you want the details - this is an affirmation that Cure can deliver perfectly executed dishes consistently...Once again, I felt that the Draai Laag Aurora was the perfect pairing for the food; my wife enjoyed a mixed drink from the bar - it was delicious.I am very eager to follow this restaurant's evolution through the seasons, as this really is one of my all-time favorite places I've ever eaten at; formal or informal. It's just that good!Will definitely keep coming back!
5	Cure has been getting rave reviews, even in places outside of Pittsburgh.  So I was anxious to finally go and see what everyone was raving about.  First, the dining room is somewhat small, but very inviting.   The newest thing is that Cure is no longer BYOB, they have added a bar recently and an excellent wine list.  Our wait staff was extremely attentive and the food was absolutely delicious.  We shared the artichoke plate and also the Salumi.  My entree was the Pork Gluttony, and my friend ordered the Walleye/Pike. This is a unique place to eat and I highly recommend it.
3	The food was delicious, especially the salumi plate.  The ravioli had a too much foam for my taste, but everything else was delicious.The negative aspect was the service. I made reservations for my boyfriends birthday, and they did not seat us until an hour after our reservation time. They were also slow on water and taking our order, as well as getting us the check when we asked for it.
5	Normally, this kind of place is way out of my monthly allowance, but my brother brought me along for a Father's Day meal with dad.More an experience than restaurant.  All the dishes seemed to shine and bring delightful, and sometimes unexpected flavors.We shared the Salumi, a wonderful selection of cured meats (incl. venison, and duck speck).  Also shared the Strawberry Everything, which was a wonderful tour of strawberry deserts.  I had the Gluttony of Pork, and was not disappointed, and experienced pork in new ways.In spite of the name, there were also a wonderful chicken dish (mom's), and a salmon dish which we did not order, but definitely tempting!In spite of the name of my dish, don't go there to pig out -- go there to savor... slowly.  Makes me proud to be a Pittsburgher!
3	My husband and I are foodies in the sense that we LOVE food and particularly enjoy 1. farm-to-fork establishments even more so if 2. they are inventive.I'll give this place inventive. I had a bacon-infused cocktail that was shaken with a whole egg. Now, I LOVE inventive cocktails. I consider myself somewhat of a cocktail connoiseur (hands down best cocktails ever = Santaella in Puerto Rico). This eggy, bacon concoction was just weird, though.On to the main course. My husband had the Heritage Farm Chicken Breast & California Chorizo Sausage. The mole crumb was yummy. But the chicken was so (so, so!) very dry!! So much so, he requested more sauce to help make it palitable (if this had been a larger restaurant, we'd have sent the dish back....we didn't want to hurt their bottom line). I ordered the King Salmon. I love King Salmon -- I've prepared it many times. The plate was $34 -- not outrageous for King Salmon. And it would have been a steal if it was good.... but sadly it was mushy. The table next to us sat three couples -- each of the wives ordered this dish and I noticed not one ate even half. Again, if this hadn't been a mom and pop operation, the fish would have gone back....The restaurant is cute and rustic. Although the tables and chairs feel like they'd be better suited for a diner. Our waitress was friendly and attentive. We came to Pittsburgh for a foodie weekend... and had anticipated that this would be the pinnacle. We left, unfortunately, feeling like our time (and money) would have been better spent elsewhere...
4	I'm going to put on the flame shield now and prepare for the worse.Yes, Cure is very good.  Yes, Cure is very inventive.  And yes, Cure is a welcome edition to PGH.What Cure didn't manage to do is leave me with that "OMG that was the best meal of my life!" feeling.  Perhaps blame it on the overall spectacular reviews or the intense hype that everyone I know who has gone gave it, but I simply didn't fall in love with this joint.Also, as a few others have noted, CURE IS NO LONGER BYOB.  This hasn't seemed to reach the masses as ourselves and four other tables came wine/beer in tow only to be turned down upon arrival.We started by splitting the large salumi plate, which represented set a great tone to the wife and I's dinner, but ultimately all started to taste the same (I blame the high fat content and lack of enough palate cleansing items... i.e. acidic pickles, etc.).Both of our meals were good.  The wife's chicken and cornbread tasted fine, but both were a little dry.  On the server's recommendation, I went with the "gluttony", for the pure "Cure experience", and was presented with probably the best item of the night...  unique preparations of a variety of pig parts (cheek, feet, etc.) that were well balanced with accompanying sauces, foams, etc.  We went for a chocolate souffle for dessert, and while the souffle was well executed from a technique perspective, it left a lot to be desired.Service was on par.  Not bad, but definitely not great for the price point.Overall, I'll definitely go back to Cure at some point, but I'm not dying to do so anytime soon.
5	What an amazing experience. The food was just so delicious. I would love to go here again, and again. The portion sizes are about what I expected. Not very large, but you go here for quality not quantity. If you frequent and enjoy places like Eat N Park, and Outback, this would not be the place to go. But if you prefer a great meal that is not mass produced I would certainly recommend Cure.
3	While this is one of my favorite restaurant spaces in Pittsburgh (reclaimed wood, intimate, with the elevated kitchen on display), and the waitstaff is some of the best in the city, Cure never really knocks it out of the park for me.Obviously the chef is a great butcher and knows his way around cured meats. But I felt like the rest of the plates didn't bring much to the table. So much attention is paid to the meat that the rest of the dishes seem lacking. I've been there three times now, and I struggle to remember anything I've eaten, other than the cured meat platter, which is excellent. Also, I know it's a meat heavy place (it says it in the name), but a few vegetarian options other than a salad would be nice. The current fad for everything pork-related is nice for us meat-eaters, but if I'm going out with a vegetarian friend, I won't be coming to Cure. Why limit your patrons like that?Again, it's clear that the chef and entire staff are committed to this place, which is a rarity in Pittsburgh. Maybe I've made bad menu choices but I always go wanting to be blown away and always leave underwhelmed.
5	One of the most inspired meals we had in Pittsburgh - loved the chicken and walleye can't miss the salmon tartar- check it out it's the real deal!
5	My favorite new restaurant in Pittsburgh! I have always heard about layers of flavors in dishes, but have yet to experience this phenomena until dining at Cure. What an enjoyable delicious dining experience. Yum!
5	This is one of the more unique restaurants in Pittsburgh.  I took my Mom here for ger 60th birthday.  A delicious smoke smell greets you as soon as you get out of the car... You could easily find the restaurant by just following your nose.  The salumi and all of the meat-based entrees are amazing.  This place isn't cheap, but it's a great place for a special occaision.Happy Birthday Mom!
4	Went to Cure for the first time after hearing good things from friends. The cocktails were unique and delicious and our food was incredible. Between the great food, quality cocktails and knowledgeable servers this place is a new favorite.
5	Went to Cure with hopeful expectation.. and boy we weren't disappointed! We were late on the ball with reservations for a Sunday night, but got a seat at the bar. First impression: waiters=hipstersNext: boy does is smell good in here!A plus of sitting at the bar is that we were right next to each other for perfect sharing, and we got to watch the bartenders mix these amazing looking cocktails. They were quite intricate. Appetizers: salumi (small) and squab wings. The salumi was amazing, my favorite was definitely the duck spec and the pork lardo that was melt in your mouth good. With the squab, they had deep fried garlic that I did not even feel guilty about eating! It was delicious! Entrees: Hanger steak and pork. Hubby loved the pork belly (it was good, I just have to go running today haha) and the pork sausage was the perfect combo of pork flavors. The hanger steak was cooked to perfection (rare for me!) with a cauliflower-garlic blend that you see on pinterest and try to re-create but it never looks as good in person. Cure nailed it! My fave was definitely the hanger steak.Dessert: We split the chocolate cake with pistachio butter. The chocolate cake melted in your mouth, and the pistachio butter was a nice cherry-on-top. However, it was not the best aspect of this meal.Another thing hubby and I appreciated was when he was between two beers, the bartender let him try a taste of each. Little touches like that go a long way.So go try Cure. You will not be disappointed.
2	You could classify my wife and I as total foodies. To be honest, I realty don't see the attraction to this place. They recently acquired a liquor license and the corkage fee is $15. The $30 cured meat sampler is average at best when compared to the cured meats offered in wine country on the west coast.
3	The food was very good, but would it kill them to put more than 2 tiny tomatoes on an entree plate, given the absence of salad or any other veggies?? Maybe I'm just an un-hipster, but I just don't get this trend in dining. Wine was disappointing and very expensive - $75 for a mediocre bottle:(Forgot to mention that our table had the distinct feeling that the waitstaff thought we were all in kindergarten. They spoke to us in a quasi-baby talk and pointed out each morsel of food on our plate while explaining what it was. Guess that is also considered "hipster", but we just called it awkward.
4	Tried Cure yesterday for my anniversary, and was definitely not disappointed.  I loved the rustic, almost butcher block-esque decor.  For a small restaurant like Cure, it made it feel almost like you could be dining in the middle of the woods somewhere.  We started with the watermelon heirloom tomato appetizer and it was delicious.  I forget exactly what the crunch was in the appetizer, but it was a little spicy and that kick added a lot to the rest of the dish.  I had the Pork Loin Roast  and I was very pleased with it.  It had some fennel, a roasted (perhaps grilled) tomato under, some 30 year old balamic, and a corn polenta.  The pork was cooked perfectly, and the dish as a whole was excellent.  My only complaint was that the pork itself didn't have a ton of flavor, but with the fennel and balsamic it made up for it.  For dessert we split the dark chocolate souffle cake.  It was awesome, i mean it's a dark chocolate souffle with sea salt and a pistachio butter, tough not to be awesome.
5	By far my favorite place in Pittsburgh!  If you are truly a foodie... You must like me now eat here often (well not as often since I'm now here most weeks)!!!In fact tonight when I was having my dinner tonight a gentleman walked up to chef and said "young man... I've travelled the world over and this was the Best tasting meal... Best presentation that I've ever had in all my travels!"All I can say is Ditto!
5	I made reservations for a larger party in this small-ish restaurant for my hubby's bday; I will be honest I was a little nervous given some of the negative reviews I had read that called this place uber hipster and snobby but let me tell you, I was no disappointed with our visit! Why Cure is hands down one of my new favorite restaurants: - The atmosphere is great- super rustic, unique, woodsy, creative- they have put intention into every detail and it shows. - The salumi plate was SO good; however, while they did great at explaining what each thing was there were so many options that our party didn't know what we were eating at any given time; maybe put little flags in each choice so people can know what they are eating...? - The food was DELICIOUS; in our big party we pretty much tried everything on the menu and everyone was blown away. - They were great about plating/serving our cupcakes; I was a little put off that they told us (multiple times) that they were going to charge $2 per person to serve the cupcakes, which I find to be a little ridiculous when you're already bringing in a party of 7 with $30 entrees each, but in the end they didn't end up charging us for it. - The service was friendly, attentive and knowledgeable. Needless to say, Cure is doing a great job and they provided for a wonderful birthday experience- I can't wait to go back again.
2	We had reservations for 8:30 on Saturday night, but were not seated until 9:30.  We had to wait an entire hour at Allegheny Wine Mixer (great place).  The food was good but not enough to wait an hour for seating with a reservation.
4	Really the type of place that we love to go to.  Wait staff was great.  They explained everything, very responsive  and descriptive to any questions.  On top of it the entire meal.  Enjoyed just looking at the meals as they were served to other tables.  Food was creative with local and seasonal selections.  The charcuterie, pates, bread and lardo were delicious. Our entire meal was creative and delicious.
5	The medium rare pork chops had me nervous, but I dug in and I am a changed man. Would I ever order that temp for pork chops anywhere else? Never. That's what type of place Cure is. They are creative w/ meats and it's an experience. I went before they had a liquor license, with a bar now, I can only imagine it's that much better. Bring a group and share a salumi plate.
5	The most delicious place in Pittsburgh.Appetizers: We split the SALUMI, and it was fantastic! It was difficult to keep the name/type of everything in our heads as we sampled, so we kept calling our waitress over to ask what was what. Noticing we were intrigued, she actually had the manager take us down to their fridge to see the curing meats - score!Drinks: Cocktails seemed pretty good. I had the japanese whisky cocktail, which I enjoyed. A friend ordered the Duchesse de Bourgogne, a flemish red ale they had on tap. I think I enjoyed that more - both tasty and unique.Entree: I had the gluttony, which was a few different pieces of pork. The real winner here was the pork belly - a fantastic fatty porky taste, and an even more interesting texture. There was the soft fat, the tender pork, and a nice char on the outside as well. Very well done - I wish I had a plate of just that!We skipped dessert (though we debated ordering another SALUMI platter). Overall, a very positive experience - probably my favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh.
5	I went here last Sunday with my wife and we had one of the best meals we've had all year (and it's been a great year of eating).Cure is the type of cozy, on-trend, local, seasonal etc. etc. type restaurant that you are seeing in most cities big and small across North America, but unlike a lot of its peers Cure backs up its style with a whole bunch of substance and the kind of laid back good vibes atmosphere that you can't help but love. Now, we didn't try any of the charcuterie which is apparently good (and represents the place's namesake) but when you look at how interesting and constantly changing the menu of cooked dishes is, I can't rationalize ordering the charcuterie plate as good as it may be.To start I got the heirloom tomato salad with pickled grapes, burnt onions, balsamic zabaglione, dill, taleggio fondant and really good crumbled sour dough. It was interesting, beautifully presented and successfully pulled together the really fresh produce very, very well.My wife started with the fava bean and ricotta ravioli, which had an amazing tarragon pesto. The flavours were subtle (in a good way), the pasta was very well cooked and again the dish was really well plated. For my main I had the hanger steak with smoked crispy potatoes, maple glazed carrots and maitake mushrooms. The components were meant to be eaten at the same time and they came together into this beautifully smokey, super manly dish that reminded me of cooking meals over a fire while camping. The smoked goat cheese that also accompanied the steak was interesting but not really necessary to the enjoyment of the dish. I only had a bit of mine but people that like goat cheese will probably go nuts for it. My wife had the meat plate which came with a very rare, and super delicious squab breast, roasted pork belly and duck confit. These were all well cooked but the highlight was the middle-eastern spiced chickpea fritter, which on the menu seemed a little out of place in the dish, but on the plate was both delicious and surprising and actually tied in the meats quite well. For dessert I had the blueberry soup, which was served with house made granola and a panna cotta. I wanted to like this but it was frankly just too sour, and it was the only miss on the menu. My advice would be to scale back the amount of the soup relative to the amount of panna cotta and I think you'll be left with a really fresh summery dessert.My wife had the the chocolate souffle, which was light and fluffy and generally pretty textbook. It came with a very tasty pistachio butter and a few drops of vincotto (which is a thick, sweet Italian condiment that is made from reducing grape must and tastes like very rich balsamic but is not a vinegar). It was delicious.Drinks-wise, cocktails were truly stellar, especially the one with bourbon and blackberry. Beer selection was interesting and reasonably priced.  Coffee was a bit weak, but overall decent.The only other miss at this place was the wine list which was bizarrely priced relative to the menu and to the other drinks on offer (by-the-glass offerings were $12-15 and most decent bottles started in the high 60's). I would like to see this place get some decent cheaper wine options and to expand offerings on the new world cool climate wines (Oregon, New Zealand, upstate New York, Ontario) that are becoming increasingly recognized and which would in my opinion pair well with the type of food being served.All in all, this was a great food experience and I will most certainly be back. I encourage Pittsburgh residents and tourists alike to check this place out and stick around to see all of the really cool things that are happening in surrounding Lawrenceville before or after dinner. I wish the owners of Cure great success, they truly deserve it.Rating: 4.5/5 - but this could easily be a 5 with a better wine list and tighter dessert offering. -Brian PS - for visitors to Pittsburgh, you may want to drive out here or arrange a private car (only slightly more expensive than a cab) beforehand as it is a real pain to get taxis to come outside of the city core on a busy night.
5	We FINALLY made it to Cure (week before we leave Pittsburgh) and thank God we did. Best restaurant I have ever eaten at, hands down. If M&P is my affordable, can go fairly often for really good food restaurant, then Cure convinced me it could be my favorite date night place ever. If we weren't moving.The food is beyond delicious. Our meals were so perfect ... amazing ... etc. etc. David ordered the Meats platter and I got the Beef, Goat, & Pig Heart Bolognese. When they came out, my first thought was, "Gee, you don't get a whole lot for the price." Not that I need nor want a ton of food, but this looked tiny! However, after the first bite of my bolognese I didn't care. The meats were so rich and tasty and delightful and the pasta was cooked perfectly! I couldn't stop saying "Omg" at first. My bf's meat platter came with squab breast, duck confit, pork belly, chickpea frites, muhamarra, baba ganoush, harissa, za'atar, feta, and orange. There wasn't a bite on there that wasn't amazingly delicious (I don't have enough adjectives in my vocabulary to describe this food!). When I first moved here I convinced David and his family that curing, brining, and smoking were absolutely the way to go with most meats, if you have the time and equipment. Cure just further proves that point. Cure takes a really great dish and elevates it to damn near perfection.I guess I should talk about the cocktails, too. I think this is the first review where that part of the review didn't come first, though we sat at the bar for like an hour before we ordered food. Our drinks were very tasty, indeed, and the bartender - Colin - was nice and friendly. But seriously - dat food.This is opposite of M&P or Eleven in that, at least at the bar, it doesn't really encourage hanging out and just sipping cocktails. Once the another couple came to the bar area (there's only 4 seats), it was rather cramped. Once we were done eating it was like, " ... Ok, let's go." But that's ok, I don't need to dwell in every restaurant. 5 stars for Cure.
4	I had Cure bookmarked as "to try" even before moving to Pittsburgh a few months ago.  I love cured meats, and the food porn uploaded from fellow yelpers made this establishment incredibly appealing.  I finally made the trip recently with a visiting college friend who knows how to enjoy food like I do.Food (9.0/10) = I suggest you take a look at the pictures uploaded on yelp.  You will see pictures of that charcuterie board,...that shrine of porcine holiness on a platter.  All those layers of smokey and salty.  A vegetarian's nightmare.  Oh sweet lord baby jesus.  Bresaola, black strap ham, culatello, goat prosciutto, coppa secca, duck speck, chorizo, goat-mushroom-madeira salami, cocoa-espelette salami, finnochiona, negroni, mortadella, pork rillettes, duck rillettes, pates and terrines, lardo, and more!   For the entree, I had the "meats." They should be more creative and call it something more exotic like "Two birds creating harmony with a pig."  Sounds like something from an Asian poem?  Or maybe it sounds a bit dirty...hah.  2 birds = duck confit and squab breast.  The squab breast was juicy and tender.  It was the bird version of filet mignon.  Pig = pork belly.  Yes.  PORK BELLY.   These animals were flanked by chickpea frites, muhamarra, baba ganoush, harissa, za' atar, feta, and orange.  For dessert, we got the dark chocolate souffle cake with pistachio butter and sea salt.  The dessert was disappointing.  It was dry, and nothing spectacular.  $10 for something meh.  We got it because it was one of the most mentioned items on Yelp.  If my heavenly experience wasn't contaminated by the mediocre dessert, I would be giving Cure a 10/10 food rating, and slapping this place with 5 yelp stars.  Alcohol selection was good.  Only had beer.  Didn't try any of the cocktails or wine.  I just prefer beer with a large meal dominated by meat. Ambiance (9.0/10) = a small and cozy place on the corner of a street.  Love the wood interior.Service (9.0/10) = great service.  Attentive. Overall Opinion = could this be one of the best restaurants in Pittsburgh?  It very well could be, but I'm not ready to place that stamp on Cure yet.   If you want to indulge yourself in sweet/salty/smokey succulent meat, well look no further, because you just educated yourself by reading this review.  Go for the charcuterie board.  Go for the "Two birds creating harmony with a pig."  Be weary of the desserts.
1	The huff and irritated sigh that I was greeted with when calling Cure an hour before my reservation sums up this place: Snooty and pretentious with no reason to be. I simply wanted to clarify their BYOB or full bar status, which did seem to be a legitimate question. The young lady on the other end of the phone clearly did not agree. "Sir, we've had a fully stocked bar for months now" she blurted at me in the snarkiest of snarky tones. Their idea of a fully stocked bar was three gins and three vodkas I'd never heard of before (and my name is not Clampett) and $12 for a gin-tonic. Plus a draft beer system that "hasn't worked since we put it in." Full bar!! Food? Not even worth mentioning. The owner and staff clearly expect us to be impressed and fall at their feet for the mere fact that they breathe while I expect to be treated with -- oh maybe the slightest hint of -- human kindness and sincerity. Not here. And I'm sure not ever. I will continue to venture to upper Lawrenceville to dine at Pusadee's Garden (best thai food in the city and best outdoor dining space) across the street, and I will dance a little jig in Butler Street the day I see this place shuttered.
3	This place has nice decor, music and charcuterie items; unfortunately, that's about it for pros.There is a narrow wine selection for a "charcuterie" and the gnocchi plate was extremely salty and only contained about ten actual gnocchi (which were quite good, but overwhelmed by the rest of the dish). The meat plate is nowhere near to die for.  The sauces were unusually sour, the meaty flavors were dull, and some pieces were overcooked.Overall a big disappointment, given the comments here and the street talk.
4	The previous review is now a bit outdatedCure is not BYOB anymore, they have a nice list of wines, beers, and cocktails. Which, sadly means, that it's more expensive.And I may be wrong, but the menu seems now more pricey - $30 for the platter of cold cuts (the highlight of the menu, I think). Portions have become larger - together with prices!Quality wise, I was pleased, but not overwhelmed. My charcroute (not a typo, I guess - a variant on chaucroute, although it has little to do with a proper chaucroute) was tasty, but too salty. One of my friends got the duck, and found it dry and too salty as well. The check was salty too...  I like the room, and space, and atmosphere. So, I don't know. I'll leave the 4 stars, but it's a weak 4-stars, trending 3 stars.
5	Had the pleasure of having dinner here this past weekend for my wife's birthday.  Drove all the way from Michigan and boy was it worth it!  We ordered the tuna crudo and porchetta tonato for appetizers.  I liked the tuna crudo more because it tasted more fresh but both were good and complicated dishes.For entree my wife had the walleyed pike and I had the hanger steak.  Honestly it was probably the best hanger steak I've ever had!  Seriously, the combination of the red wine shallots, caramelized onion, crispy leek, cipollini onion, cheddar cauliflower puree, and lobster bearnaise was the best combination I've had in a loong time.  The pike was also good with a nice seared crust.Not to compare to meat and potatoes (which I know we did) but we had the pleasure of going there as well the night before.  Comparing the two, if you want a more hip young adult louder music type crowd then M&P is a good place to go (food is goodthere as well).  But if you want a more warm feeling dinner with awesome locally sourced food then I'd definitely recommend Cure!
5	Cure is kinda great. They have a lovely booze list (and because it's Pittsburgh, there are a lot of choices in the Amaro category..)Their apps were stellar (The Tuna Crudo was divine, the salad was a work of art, the salumi plate is 2legit2quit)Their mains did not disappoint either (expertly finished risotto, fresh walleyed pike..great Morcilla sausage)If I could add one gripe, and it's a tiny one at that- the main dishes are lacking in the salt department. While my pike was tasty, I was missing a salt element to truly finish off the dish. I noticed this with all other dishes as well. That's it. Go here. It's awesome.
5	Alright, finally got into Cure.  GF and I were hungry a little early on Saturday night with no firm plans, made the call to Cure, got seated at the little bar by about 5:45pm and ate until almost 7pm.Without diving into the expectations we had going in (just covering the food/drinks/service), we got the tuna crudo and brussel sprouts to start, the rabbit and butternut squash risotto for entrees and the dark chocolate souffle for dessert.  I had fedora punch cocktail (yummy and boozy) to start, a glass of bordeaux for the entree (tasty and an easy drinker), and a really solid bourbon to finish.The tuna was very good, lots of flavors, but potentially a tad too saucy.  The brussel sprouts were quite tasty with the goat cheese/bacon, and an interesting twist with some spicy peppers.  My rabbit was very good - much like a terrine with large chunks of rabbit, it came with garnishes of hazelnuts, pomegranate seeds and chestnut puree.  Very good flavors, but a tad too saucy with the puree (and the pomegranate seeds were a little tart and out of place).  The GFs risotto was very good with some salty pancetta, mozarella and very interesting chianti foam.The dessert, a very rich (and gluten free!) dark chocolate souffle with pistachio butter was very good.Overall, a great dining experience with friendly staff, some of the best I've had in Pittsburgh.  Wish it was down in lower Lawrenceville so it was more convenient, but overall a great spot with unique food, drinks and atmosphere.
1	The first time we went there everything was excellent. Last night my wife ordered the duck and asked if it could be prepared medium well. She was told the chef would not prepare the the duck any other way but medium rare. I think it's ridiculous that someone would refuse a customers request, especially when it comes to preparing meat. So she ordered the butternut squash risotto and everything was muddled together on the plate like a blob and was extremely salty.  My food was extremely salty as well. Won't go back.
2	Ugh...Cure, I really wanted/expected to love you.  Sadly, I'm left disappointed with a large hole in my wallet. Based on the other reviews, Cure must have had a bad night when I went but when you pay a pretty penny for food (and when the restaurant displays such stigma) there should never ever be a bad night.First things first...the good.  The atmosphere is fabulous. The smokey smell when you walk in sucks you in and makes your mouth water.  It's rustic meets chic with the open kitchen and bar, life seemed pretty good when we sat down.  Sadly, that was the best of our experience.Service....if I could rate this solo, our waitress would get 1 lousy star. We all have bad nights, we've all had to deal with patrons being awful and rude.  I accept that but like I said above, a restaurant like Cure should never have a bad night (service included).  Our waitress never introduced herself, barely attempted to make sure we were satisfied, never smiled and was just a big dud.  When our food arrived, she checked back only once and we were already halfway through our meal.  Never took another drink order after the first. We had to ask another waitress for something to drink. To be fair to the restaurant, this seemed to be an isolated experience. Other wait staff seemed engaged and friendly with the other patrons. But it dragged the whole night down even further. Menu...it's disappointingly limited.  That pretty much sums it up.  Not a lot to choose from and for a place whose uses a pig as their restaurant icon, I expected at least one pork dish but nada.  It is my understanding that the menu changes however so I guess if you go to Cure monthly, you would have variation...Food....what should arguably be the absolute best part was seriously disappointing.  There were four of us dining and here is the breakdown...one had the steak. He rates the steak as "very good, well seasoned" but he didn't really like the fingerling potatoes (too hard).  The second had fish. By far the best at our table. It was very good but that's about all that was on the plate.  My hunny choose to have the huge smoked meet appetizer as his meal (salumi??) which was fine but not a good choice has a meal. His fault though.  The only complaint there was that while the server explained all of the meats on the plate, there were too many to remember so we had no idea what he was eating by the time she left!  Lastly, my meal...terrible.  I ordered the squid ink pasta with clams and garlic. I got a lump of black mush on a plate with chunks of unflavored breadcrumbs and pieces of clams.  It had no flavor and I didn't enjoy a single bite.  How can this so called "excellent" restaurant have a bad meal you ask?  I have no idea but it left a bitter taste in my mouth (literally).If you go, I hope that your experience is better than ours but $200 later, dissatisfied, and a little shocked we left without any intention of returning or recommending Cure to our friends. Peace!
4	We were seated for dinner around 10 after we had cocktails at the bar, which were pretty good. Our reservation was at 9:30 but every seat was full when we arrived, except for two seats at the bar, which only seats 4 guests. The corkage fee for a bottle of wine was $15, I would not have brought the wine but I was unclear about the drink menu. I don't think you can order a vodka tonic, but there is an extensive beer and wine list, and a few craft cocktails. For starters we shared the brussel sprouts with goat cheese, bacon, and maple. The brussel sprouts tasted a little charred and it wasn't as sweet as I was expecting, but it was good nonetheless. For my entree I had the hanger steak with roasted cauliflower, smoked fingerling potatoes, cheddar custard (which was kind of bland, it didn't taste like cheddar), caramelized onion puree, lobster bernaise sauce, and a red eye bordelaise. The steak was perfectly cooked, a nice char on the outside and medium rare on the inside. The sauces were rich, perhaps a little on the sweet side,  I wanted something salty or acidic in the dish to elevate the flavors. Everything on the menu looked delicious which made it difficult to decide what to order, so I'll be back soon for more!
5	Chef Severino is the real deal.  Passionate, friendly, and completely dedicated to his passion.   I had the small solumi, Pork blood sausage  gnocci and cheese plate.  The food was perfectly cooked and prepared expertly.  I sat at the "kitchen table" and was able to watch the chef for quite a while.  He and his sous chefs worked well together and clearly knew each others rhythms and needs.  Chef asked me what brought to town,  what I liked, and I felt entirely like I was the only person there *though clearly I wasn't)... Already planning my next visit!
5	No wonder this is one of the hottest places in Pittsburgh. It's reputation is well deserved.We were a group of 5. When we arrived, our table wasn't ready yet, and there is no bar or waiting space (that was the only detraction). There also isn't much in the area, so we wandered around for 5 minutes, and then waited inside.Once we were seated, we ordered the salumi and cheeses. Both were amazing - but the salumi doesn't compare to anything I've ever ordered in terms of charcuterie.  I recommend that everyone try it.Three people in our party got a fish dish, I got pork with kale, and my husband got a dish called 'meats' - well named.  Everyone thoroughly enjoyed their entrees - absolutely no complaints. The dishes have creative flavor combinations and are extremely well prepared. I'd back in a second.We finished off our meal with chocolate souffles - all very good. I'd go back in a second and wish I lived in Pittsburgh to visit more!
2	My wife and I had dinner here tonight we left extremely disappointed.  Here's the description of my first course from the menu:Beets - $11smoked, pickled, custard, hay roastedblack olive caramel, burnt pickled red onion, fennel seed brittle, carrot espuma, black garlic, grapefruit, fetaDo you know what you're going to taste from that description?  Exactly.  The dish was such an overdone mess of flavors that it's hard to know what you're really eating.  Of the three distinct beet preparations - smoked, pickled, hay roasted - the smoked were really good, the hay roasted were OK and the pickled were terrible.  On top of that, the other sauces and/or flavors were too many and too convoluted to make for an enjoyable dish.  This dish was $11. I would have been very happy to have paid $8-$10 for a plate of the smoked beets with ONE complimentary sauce/flavor.For dinner I had the duck confit.  Here's the menu descriptionDuck Confit - $27pumpkin, red cabbage, orange, ginger, ras el hanout, black tea soaked prunes, maple- lavender mustardSimilarly to the first course, what am I going to taste in this dish?  The duck was fine.  The flavors of the underlying sauces were too much (in terms of numbers of flavors).  The mustard flavor was distinct from the other flavors but I could not tell you if it was maple-lavender mustard or simply mustard.Beyond the food, I found my seat at the bar to be frustrating.  First, they do not have backs on all of the seats at the bar. Second the "seat" of my stool was loose such that it wobbled around whenever I adjusted my weight.  Third, there was a constant draft at the bar such that I was cold the entire night despite wearing a long sleeve cotton shirt under a flannel shirt. Beyond the actual seat, when I went to the mens room I had to rummage through the cabinets to find paper towels.This experience struck me as a restaurant owned/run by a chef with some legit talent who needs a second voice or an editor.  For example, just because you can conceive of 7-9 flavors that might go well with beets, doesn't mean you should throw all of those flavors onto one plate.  Also, this second voice / editor could keep more of an eye on the front of the house - like the seats and state of the rest rooms.I don't live in PGH, but I've been visiting 3-4 times a year for the past 12 years.  I'm really happy for PGH that its restaurant scene/culture is really taking off.  Unfortunately, I cannot consider Cure as part of this exciting wave.  Too many other good options exist - even in Cure's neighborhood - to waste one of my few nights out on this place.
2	I did not enjoy Cure nearly as much as I thought I would: the cocktails were a miss, they were out of too many things by 8:30, and -- most importantly -- the food (at least what I tried) was a bit of a disappointment. I did love the atmosphere here. Cozy, interesting decor, dim lights, fits very nicely into Lawrenceville. The bf and I tried two cocktails: I had a sparkling wine with kirsch and black currant, which turned out too sour and with a really over-powering aftertaste. It had a strong kick to it, but not in a good way for a sparkling cocktail. He tried a a coffee & egg cocktails reminiscent of a coffee flip, except all you could taste in this one was coffee, coffee, and then some coffee. The salumi was pretty nice, but when we ran out of bread they refused to bring us extra because they were running low. It was 8:30 and salumi is their most popular dish, so I was surprised. The beef tartare was ok, it had a bit of an asian twist to it, but nothing to write home about. I definitely prefer the one at Salt, for example. My personal preference is that beef tartare come with something crunchy, but this one did not.They were out of their pig dish, so I got Gluttony -- two types of sausage and a croquette, plus sauerkraut and fingerling potatoes. The sides were OK, the sausage was more than underwhelming. Think of the kind of brat you get on the street in Germany for 1 euro, and that's what this was like, except the dish was priced at over $30.I know a lot of people really enjoy Cure, so maybe I just had a particularly poor experience. I am not very likely to go back anytime soon, though.
4	I came here with my parents (who aren't necessarily the most adventurous eaters) and we all really enjoyed ourselves. Overall an excellent meal -  nice homey but modern decor, solid service, and creative tasty food - with just a couple minor quibbles.The Food:-My Brussel sprout, pear, and endive salad was a little disappointing, but still enjoyable. My nursing background has made me a bit adverse to pureed foods, and the two thick purees (a black one and a pickled pumpkin one) that came with the salad didn't make sense texturally with the shaved brussel sprouts and endive- I would have preferred roasted pickled pumpkins cubes and a vinaigrette or something.- Our entrees - the Walleyed Pike, Duck Confit, and Braised Pig Cheek Ragu - were all excellent. The proteins were cooked perfectly and flavors worked super deliciously together. Again though, my plate had one puree to many on it.- Frozen Creme Brulee: amaaazing, delicious and unexpected! It was served like a cake instead of in a ramekin, surrounded by a port wine foam, pear butter, and coffee crumble.*Also, as others have said, its no longer BYOB. I went to work a night shift after we ate so can't comment on the cocktails but my parents were happy with their beer selections.
5	Cure would be right at home in strong culinary cities like LA, Portland, or Chicago.  It's a truly pleasant surprise to find a restaurant like this in Pittsburgh.  For me, Cure provides an unpretentious level of sophistication that would make me feel at home in the company of a date or my parents.  The food was elegantly rustic and included many options.  I chose the the beef tartar and pork plate that included tenderloin, pork belly, boudin blanc, and boudin noir.  I chose well.
4	Great place! The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars was because they had to reschedule our reservation, which were for my boyfriend's birthday! So we had to celebrate a day later. The server was extremely knowledgeable about the menu, both food and wine, and was a pleasure to deal with! We spit the brussel sprout and small salumi appetizers, the Gluttony entree, and my bf enjoyed the dark chocolate souffle for dessert. We will absolutely return!
5	I have been to Cure about 5 times over the course of its tenure here in Pittsburgh, and I have to say I've never been disappointed.  I went on January 16, 2014 for dinner and it was pleasant as always.  First, the ambiance in the restaurant is comforting and chic.  It's hipster-rustic, with some animal heads on the wooden walls.  Now that the restaurant has a liquor license, I started at the bar with a cocktail.  I had a delicious rye whiskey cocktail made with, amongst other things, lambrusco and a sprig of rosemary.  As a rye whiskey lover, this was simply beautiful.  Colin the bartender does a great job.For appetizer, I had the crab fondue, which included lemongrass butter, pickled ginger, black garlic, grapefruit, avocado, shishito peppers, sesame, and bull's blood.  It was simply amazing and had a nice light taste, while still being satisfying and filling.For the main course, I had the hanger steak, which was done medium rare to perfection.  It was complemented with smoked butter, black pepper, and herbs, and the dish was completed with caramelized onion, potato-celery root gratin, sweet garlic cream, spinach, and tarragon pickled shallots.  The potato-celery root gratin was delicious, and aside from the meat was my favorite part of the entire meal.  I could eat that every day.  It was creamy but not too creamy, and had a perfect texture.  The meat had a wonderful texture as well.I had a glass of Malbec with dinner and it was great.  I wish I had remembered the winery.Bottom line:  Justin Severino is doing tremendous things with Cure.  If I could drop $80 (with booze and tip) on dinner every week, I would be there every week without fail.  I recommend it to everyone.  RUN TO CURE.  Thanks!
5	If I had anything to complain about it was only minor things. The place is a pretty far hike from downtown but it is well worth the drive. The drinks were simply outstanding and the staff was knowledgeable about what they were pouring. I ordered a dish called Gluttony that had all sorts of tasty bits. It was delicious. However, there was some foam on it that I'm assuming was for garnish but was very much overkill. It didn't affect the taste but it looked like someone spilled a red beer on it. Totally worth the trip.
5	As I've stated before.... by far the best place for foodies in Pittsburgh!  The smoked sable fish... Meyer ranch hanger steak... beef tartare (the best I've ever had by the way)... or the cassoulet are absolutely amazing.  No matter the season or the menu.... which changes frequently you will be as thrilled as I am too enjoy chef's coming.  The presentation and flavors are equally amazing!  I'm going to miss my weekly meals here... but you can bet I will fly to Pittsburgh just to have dinner at the chefs counter again!Update!  I've begged to be extended at my clients... so I'm here until June.  Oh the food to try!
2	Cure is one of Pittsburgh's hottest restaurants...or apparently that is the case. Unfortunately, our experience didn't satisfy on both the food and service fronts.First, the food. The food I would give maybe three stars to, but I wouldn't say it was spectacular. Over-rated is perhaps a more apt description. Don't get me wrong, Mr. Severino and his team turn out some tasty meat-centric dishes. The problem seems to be that no one got the memo that, in the fine dining world, less is often more. By that I mean that the dishes had some  interesting things going on in terms of flavors and ingredient combinations, but there was just too much going on. Too many things on the plate. I've seen this at some other apparently "hot" Pittsburgh restaurants recently and, to put it plainly, it just irritates me. It isn't that the food is bad--it is good, and at times very good--but that it is trying to be too innovative. Focus on fantastically fresh and high-quality ingredients and do them justice. That's all that is needed.Second, the service. I'd give the service just one star, maybe less. It was downright obnoxious. And the bad experience started as soon as we stepped inside. First, we were gruffly taken to our table by a hostess who didn't have the courtesy to smile or to wish us a nice meal. Second, they didn't offer to take our coats. Third, our server lacked warmth and was at times just rude. Here's an example. My wife wanted to order some steak. Due to a dietary restriction (which she is not a fan of but has to accept for the time being, let's put it that way), she requested the steak be cooked medium well. The server said, and I quote, "No, they won't do that. It has to be medium rare, or maybe medium but otherwise they won't cook it." My wife further explained the situation and was told she could just have the fish. No friendly apologetic manner, or attempt to even pretend to sound like she was accommodating. This was rude and made the chef sound incredibly pretentious. When some of the finest three-Michelin-star restaurants in the country can accommodate these types of requests with ease why can't Cure? This was not the only problem with the staff, but serves as an example.So overall would I return? No. The food was above average but not spectacular. And the service needs some serious adjustment. Maybe our server had an off night, but that's not the impression I formed. It felt more like a restaurant that has an attitude. What a shame, because Pittsburgh needs more above-average food places with talented chefs, but we don't need places with bad attitudes.
5	Finally found a place that hits all the notes I am looking for: good food, service and experience.Our server was helpful and knowledgeable, as was the bartender.  Lovely appetizers/small plates that allowed you to move from drinks and flavors as the night moved on.We will be back, and we will bring our foodie friends with us.So glad we discovered Cure!
4	It was absolutely delicious! Got the stake made medium rare (as the nice bartender suggested). The portion sizes were a little small, but what was on the plate was delicious. However, the reason I can't say it was perfect is because I left hungry. The only way I would go back is for another big occasion (anniversary, birthday, etc.). It is just too pricey for a regular night out. Dinner for two with drinks will run you well over $150. If you can afford it, go for it.The service was great as well. The workers are definitely hipsters so if you aren't into that scene, avoid this place.
4	Went to cure while I was back home for the holidays. Food and atmosphere is almost perfect. Super tiny place, so don't come with a large group. Service is the only downfall, every seemed a little pretentious. I just feel like spending money and eating good food should always come with the service you deserve (I've been in the industry for 7 years)
5	Expertly-crafted dishes served by professional servers in a great setting. There are places in the city that are as good as Cure, but there's nowhere better.
5	The soup I had here reminded me of a soup I had in Paris, meaning that it tasted like heaven. It was an experience. Loved it, but since it's very pricey, it's a special occasionPlace for us. Also the pigeon was delicious , it was the first time I has having I enjoyed it.
3	We ordered the salumi to share, squab breast, and steak. The salumi was a disaster: it feels like one just shopped in a cheap supermarket and put the meat nicely in a plate. You order a 1 euro beer in Spain and can get jamon and sausages for free with better quality. Squab breast and steak are not bad though: the meat is medium to rare, nicely mixed with a selection of cheese, fruits, fruity sauce, making it not heavy and very fresh to taste. The cocktails are average; the souffle is ok, smaller than even the French size, but doesn't require the usual 20 minutes to prepare somehow. Not an expert in wine, our point noir was 10$ per glass, perhaps the American standard.The decoration, atmosphere, and service of the restaurant are quite good.
5	Best. Meal. Ever.  Seriously.  J and I went for our anniversary on a Wednesday at 5:30 with resverations.  We were the only people in there and for a moment, I was mocking us for getting reservations for a Wednesday.  By 6 pm, it was packed.  I started with the bourbon.  Nicely flavored, interesting little beads of sugar and citrus that didn't add much to the drink, but looked cool.  J had an excellent beer on tap.  We ordered two appetizers cause we couldn't choose just one - the smoked trout and the chorizo.  I love anything smoked. Anything.  So I was expecting to be so wow-ed by the trout that I wasn't even going to look at the chorizo.  The trout was delicious - wrapped in a rose colored and flavored crepe with roe and pickled cauliflower.  Beautiful tastes just bursting together.  However, the chorizo was other-worldly.  It came with tomatoes and chick peas and other things that I couldn't describe.  The flavors worked perfectly together.  For our main course, I ordered the hanger steak served with a shmear of the most delightfully cheesy potatoes ever, braised butter lettuce and 3 sauces - carmelized onion jam, horseradish and dijon.  The dijon was a bit too much for my taste, but the other two were amazing.  The braised lettuce really stood out for the amount of flavor that was packed into the little leaves.  No idea how they did it and it was all the better for it.  The steak was cooked perfectly - medium rare, seared and pink in the inside.   I also asked the waitress for a drink recommendation and she discussed it with the bartender - gave me three thoughtful recommendations.  I settled on the rye whiskey - not one of my favorite things and it could not have accompanied it better.J got the pork.  It was served with roasted carrots and onions, succulent and sweet; a pile of lentils, braised in bacon and red wine and topped with a perfectly poached egg.  Every tiny thing that was on his plate was amazing - down to the plate itself which was a beautiful piece of slate.  At $130 bucks, it was a bit steep for Pittsburgh, but I can honestly say there was never money better spent on a meal in the city.  Enjoy!
5	Wow, Cure offers a great overall dining experience. I like how the kitchen is open. You can see all the work by the chefs. I also liked passing the spice rack on my way to the bathroom. The degree of transparency here is awesome. You can even sit at a table alongside the kitchen which is similar to bar seating at a sushi restaurant.They have what seems to be a large selection of craft cocktails and wines. As a beer guy, I was excited to see only local, craft options on draft.The food was outstanding! We started with the Salumi and beef tartar. There was soooo much flavor. On the Salumi board, each meat, mustard, and pate had a unique and intricate flavor. I enjoyed all of the samplings. The beef tartar was excellent too! It came with chimichurri  and a couple of other sauces. Again, there were so many levels of flavor. Honestly, I had a tough time keeping up with all of the tastes.And when I thought the dinner couldn't get any better, the main entrees were served, we split the lobster sagu and veal. The pasta in the sagu was super fresh. I am very surprised to find myself saying that it was one of the best pastas I have ever had. The sauce, goat cheese, hearts, and nuts made for great compliments in the sagu.Yet somehow, the best thing I ate all night was the veal. It was cooked perfectly. Literally perfect. The outside had a beautiful char while the inside was a medium rare leaning on the rare side. It came with mashed potatoes, a mustard sauce as well as a few other compliments. This dish worked very well in unison.I believe Cure is the best restaurant for dinner in Pittsburgh of the restaurants I have dined at hitherto.
5	That hangar steak! I would marry it. Seriously it was so juicy and so tasty I had no idea you could do that with steak! The appetizer dish was good, bunch of cured meats. And the mixed drinks were fantastic! I got the one with vodka and it was hella tasty! If only I had more cash I'd go here more often. Prepare to drop at least a benjamin when you go here.
5	I heart your charcuterie & brussel sprouts so much. I had my heart broken last trip back to PGH I couldn't get a reservation. I had a craving for all your cured meats,brussel sprouts & duck.  Hopefully, I'll get a table next trip back.
5	Yummy yummy yummy!!!! Still my favorite out of all the cities I travel to.  Tonight... green garlic potato soup... amazing... laurel hill farm smoked trout... to die for!  Dinner... yellowfin tuna and bacon confit... words can't describe!
5	I haven't been here in a year or so, but the last (and first) time I ate here, it was absolutely delicious. So many rich flavors, served in such a unique style - slices of meat and cheese on a cutting board.I'll have to go again soon so I can give a better review, but this place is at least worth checking out if you're even the least bit of a gourmand.
5	We went there for a group birthday dinner, and the food and service was exceptional.  I'm not a huge read meat eater, so I wasn't sure how much I would enjoy the meal.  I ended up getting the smoked trout appetizer and the seafood pappardelle for the main course. The flavors were so unique for both dishes, and they were delicious.  The group had the cured meats appetizer, and everyone raved about it. One member of our group was a vegetarian with many food sensitivities, and the cooks put together a very nice entree for her that she loved.  The frozen creme brulee dessert was also amazing.  This was probably the most unique restaurant experience I've had in Pittsburgh, and I would highly recommend this restaurant!
5	By far the most interesting menu in Pittsburgh- it has the feel of a trendy NYC restaurants and although it's on the pricey side for pittsburgh, I remind myself that it would be way more in the City. Because the dishes are so innovative, occasionally something " misses the mark for me" but about 9 out of 10 dishes have been fantastic. The menu is always changing but the charcuterie plate is a staple- and must have. The steak tartare preparation changes frequently but is usually phenomenal. The desserts are also epic - the blueberry soup I had last year had such a powerful blueberry flavor, it actually made me realize I like the fruit! Always love to see what they are cooking up at cure!
5	Cure was my first experience at a bona fide fine dining restaurant. I wanted to take my ex-bf out for his birthday, and he was only available on Sun. evening.  I was planning to go to Legume, but they're closed on Sun.  Yelp's sidebar listed Cure as a related option, and upon seeing that the chef had spent time in Santa Cruz, CA (where I lived for several years), my mind was made up, so off to Lawrenceville we went!Being unfamiliar with fine dining, the atmosphere of Cure was approachable for a first-timer.  I particularly appreciated the service that we received from our waiter, who was very good at explaining the various dishes and making recommendations. I ordered a salad as an appetizer (not sure which one, this was over a year ago), and the pike as my entree, per the waiter's recommendation.  For dessert, my ex and I ordered the dark chocolate souffle to share.  All of it was extremely well-presented, and as for the actual flavor of the food--it was to die for.  I kid you not--this was, hands down, the best meal I've ever eaten in a restaurant to date.  Was it pricey?  Yes.  Was it worth it?  Heck yes!  After years of culinary monotony, Cure opened my eyes as to what cuisine could truly be, and instilled me with a thirst for more similar experiences.If I had known then what I know now, I'd have ordered the Salumi platter, since this is their specialty.  Fortunately, however, this gives me a reason to return to Cure in the future.  One caveat: When we went, Cure was BYOB with a small corkage fee.  I understand that they now have a bar, and I believe that it's still BYOB, but the corkage fee is much higher now.
1	A huge disappointment. Way over priced, with the smallest portions. Ambiance and the drink list are OK. However, can not make up for the price. Yelp reviews are over shooting.
1	A huge disappointment. Way over priced, with the very small portions. Ambiance and the drink list are OK. However, can not make up for the price. Yelp reviews are over selling the place.
4	Great cocktails of the trendy old fashioned type that are currently in style.  The charcuterie was very tasty, we got the large board for a group to share.  I was slightly disappointed that several of the meats tasted as though they had been cut early that morning or the day before.  Still very good though.  The entrees were mouthwatering.  Shortrib gnocchi and hangar steak.  The steaks were all a bit underdone at our table- we requested them medium but they were still cool in the center.  Not a big deal for us but could be a bit more of a problem if you are particular about that.  The ambiance is great and our server was attentive, although a little behind as he had too many tables.  Overall a great experience but just a little short of ideal with the minor inconsistencies that I would not expect from a restaurant of this caliber.
5	Finally made it to Pittsburgh's wellspring of salty meats and had the pleasure of sitting next to Severino and his kitchen staff while we spent a solid hour picking through the infamous SALUMI plate (not to be confused with the salumi plate). Was thoroughly entertained by Severino's not-stop commentary. Downed a couple of cocktails and some wine, and decided: violet mustard is great, and in general there is no reason not to come here and blow all of your cash.
5	Just do it.  Fun interesting loud and outlandish.  Maybe music just up a bit this night.  Have a good time have fun have a big time.  So done be shy give it a try.  I think you will like it.  Ok get the salumi grande to start.
5	What a wonderful restaurant.  I have been to this restaurant a bunch of times and been to a number of farm dinners as well as the AWESOME Hog Butchering.  This place is a classic.... well maybe not 'classic', because I have experienced flavors I have never dreamed of before i went to Cure.  I have been lucky enough to dine at some of the great restaurants of the US from French Laundry to Rich Table to Underbelly, and Cure takes the cake.  Yes, in my opinion, bite for bite, better than French Laundry.  Of course you're not in Yountville, just across from a car repair shop in up and coming L-Ville, but nevertheless, this place is not to be missed.Plus, Justin, the owner/ head chef, is an awesome dude all round.  He cares about what he does, he loves his job.  Always updating menus, trying new things and breaking boundaries.  He is always willing to tell you a bit of the dishes... and if you are lucky, give you a tour of the basement curing area.  Go here... you will  not regret.
4	I really enjoyed my dinner at Cure last night. We went for my BF's (final) 40th birthday dinner and were hoping to have a great dinner in a great atmosphere. Honestly, I really liked everything about this place. The servers were all great, the food was very, very good and expertly prepared, and the cocktails and wine were delish. I would love to see a couple more wines by the glass, but the bottle selection was great. The sourcing of ingredients really showed through in the final product, and the staff were all very knowledgable about the menu. The starters were all excellent, they nailed my favorite pork rillettes!!! The duck speck is out of control, and the mustards, beef tartare, and beans with tuna were just outta sight. My only (and minor) reason to give it 4 instead of 5 stars is that I feel the kitchen could rely more on simplicity. While the starters were all amazing, the mains had a little too much going on, perhaps too many very intense components and so the dish loses focus just a little. I absolutely recommend, and will go back as often as my waistline permits!!
3	Was at Cure, last evening, for first time.  In the past year or so had trouble getting a reservation so we were really looking forward to finally be dining there.  We both had the carbonara ,large size. Could not believe the small portion we were served.  Not bad tasting, although, I wouldn't exactly call it carbonara.  Was so hungry after dinner, I went home and had a sandwich.  Something I have never done before after eating dinner.  I don't have a large appetite.  We eat out every two weeks at most of Pittsburgs fine restaurants, but will not return to Cure.
5	The best restaurant in Pittsburgh, bar none.  If you don't get the charcuterie plate, you're obviously a communist.   If you want to eat here on a weekend, I recommend calling 2-3 weeks in advance.
5	Not even done with dinner and I give them 5 stars. I never give 5 stars, but this place is the real deal.
5	My new favorite place to eat in Pittsburgh: VERY good food, thoughtful wine list (including those by the glass), attentive service, and cool vibe. Will be back often.
5	This is probably my favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh! The food is amazing..delicious and artfully presented. The restaurant itself has a wonderful atmosphere and decor. Go here if you are a foodie, care about quality ingredients and want to have a seriously interesting dining experience. I believe the head chef has won or was nominated for a James Beard award. Not surprising because everything on the menu is amazing!  Look forward to dining at Cure again next visit home to Pittsburgh.
2	Told us they were wheelchair friendly on the phone, but there is a step and if you use a power chair, you are not getting in this place without a portable ramp.  The staff was very insistent that it was ADA, which is always surprising and more than a little outrageous when you then find an actual step to get inside, with a narrow door on an incline that opens the wrong way for a chair.  When you are meeting friends and that happens, it kind of leaves a crummy taste in your mouth-- that doesn't taste like wonderful cured meats!  I left an angry phone message and they did respond to me, so I give them an extra star for that.  We really want to go here but Lawrenceville in general is pretty tough in a chair, and although some places believe that equal access is important, there are many places like Cure in old buildings that don't care to update entranceways to accommodate.  I understand it can cost a few thousand dollars plus a few minutes of research to see what is required, which must be difficult for one of the most successful restaurants in the city.  Some places are doing it right, so there's that at least.I hope one day they change it because we really want to go here even with the mediocre attitude toward accessibility!
4	Came here with a friend for girl's night. Loved it! We shared 2 appetizers - the smaller salumi plate and the squid dish - and the gluttony entree. PLENTY of food for the both of us. Don't expect American-sized portions here. But honestly if you're looking for a huge plate of fries and a burger, save Cure for a different day. Atmosphere is great for small groups as well as dates.
3	I had high expectations for Cure, so perhaps that's why I wasn't blown away when I treated my carnivore loving boyfriend to dinner here for his birthday. The ambiance 5/5. Really charming, warm, intimate setting.The service 3/5. Our waiter was ok, but played it a little too cool for my taste. With high prices, I expect a certain level of professionalism. Maybe I'm too used to the way New York City restaurants run, but this was a tad disappointing. The food 3/5. Food was just good. From a flavor standpoint, nothing really excited me. It wasn't bad, but wasn't anything I'd crave to have again. Would I ever go back? Maybe, but I wouldn't actively seek it out again. Everyone else in Pittsburgh seems to love it, so perhaps I went on a bad night. Or maybe it's the type of place people claim to love because its expensive and everyone else does.
3	Very small portions and terrible service. Gave it 3 stars because the food was pretty good, but the overall experience was just not worth it. I asked for a small change in an entree (just asked for no peas) and was told the kitchen would not do it (not that they could not; they WOULD not). Overall, it's just not worth the money you pay to eat here.
5	honestly, this was one of the greatest dining experiences i've ever had.  wonderfully helpful wait staff, delicious dinner and drinks -- just everything you could possibly hope for in an evening out.  adorable restaurant with a terrific vibe -- and the food!  enough simply cannot be said about how phenomenal the food was.meal highlights:chanterelle mushroom soup - unlike anything i've ever had before; it was almost frothy it was so light, yet rich with incredibly complex flavors and just the perfect hit of spicebeausoleil oysters - fantastic; sweet with a punch and a texture that was to die forpaw paw cream pie - smokey and not too sweet; truly one of the loveliest desserts i've ever come acrossif you're making a trip to pittsburgh, it's a stop you absolutely have to make!
5	First off, if you are reading this review AND are interested in dining at Cure heed the next sentence. If you don't know what something is, ask the staff. There WILL be something you haven't heard of. Cure is a charcuterie and dining destination in this still backwards city. Sure, Pittsburgh is trundling forward but things are looking good.     Cure is definitely one of the good things. My lady and I arrived early in the evening and were privy to see all of the dishes that went out, prepared right before our eyes. All of the food has visual charm. If one were to simply eat with their eyes, and many people do, Cure would top the charts.      Flavor profiles were delicious as well, but an uneducated (or picky) diner may struggle with their food. Everything served is quite refined, flavors blending in harmony for those who chose to let them. My companion isn't a simpleton, or lacking social grace, but she admitted the entree had too much going on for her. Apparently the sauerkraut was touching everything. I thought the dish was a fantastic representation of a rustic countryside culinary delight.      The moral of this story; Know what you're ordering and eating, and if you don't like it - that doesn't mean it's everybody's opinion. My opinion is that Cure is delicious, and quite moderately priced too.
5	I've been to thousands of restaurants all over the world and this is the best I've been to so far.
4	loved the $40 meat tray appfun to try all the pate and cured meats. good enough for two to share. I had the pork.  was great. super flavors.
5	Justin and team are always coming up with new creations but we love the large salumi plate, which contains violet mustard orange fennel chorizo lardo duck pate, pickled onions and about 18 other things that I lose track of in the swirling mouthfuls of goodness.
5	If you like meat, it doesn't get any better than this. The Salumi Platter and Steak Tartar make for some insanely tasty appetizers. We got the Hangar Steak for an entree, and this is hard to say being from Texas, but it may have been one of the tastiest slices of beef I've ever had. Although pricey everything about this place is great from the drinks to the service. What may have been one of the best parts of the experience is the way the staff is able to describe in detail, everything that goes into every dish. Prepare your pocket book and get ready for a great meal.
4	I went here on my birthday in the summer. The food is good and the cured meat plate was enough for 3 of us to enjoy as an appetizer.  The only thing that was unpleasant was the drink menu. If we don't want a beer or liquor then all we have to chose from are homemade sodas and water. That set the tone for the whole meal and was a turn off of what could have been a great evening. If your going ask if you can bring a coke or Pepsi or something you like.
5	This review is ONLY for the food and NOT for the service.The food is absolutely delicious. My friends have been talking about coming here and I finally got reservations for my husband's birthday. We started with the salumi and beets, beets, beets & beets, it's a perfect starter with some cocktails or a pinot noir. The 8 of us were able to share this nicely with bits of duck, beef, pork, pate... so many things on the plate. Then I went onto the duck confit. The flavor and tenderness of the meat on the duck was AWESOME and so good, however, it was a little too salty for me. It paired nicely with the golden raisins and grains on the plate.The food runner was great about explaining all the parts and flavors in the dishes.The only upsetting part was our waitress. She didn't seem to be in the mood to help us or serve us. It was a late seating, so there weren't that many tables she had to overlook. We were done with our appetizers and hadn't ordered our meals and she was nowhere to be found. I kept flagging down other waiters to order second drinks. This part was extremely frustrating, PLUS the music was really loud to yell across the restaurant to grab someone's attention. I also left my card to pay for the meal with the hostess as it was a big party. When we finally got her attention again for the check, she brought it without the card. I had to remind her about that. It's not exactly a cheap restaurant and I had expected the service to be a little better than that.
4	So many things I wanted to order!  Here's the skinny on Cure...- Make a reservation...it's a very cute and rustic...and also popular and tiny.- The bar is 4 seats, so don't think you can just roll in there and find a spot.- The food is amazing.   I did the salumi and the duck...both were full of flavor and texture.- Portions are a tad larger than most fine dining.  I cleaned both plates and was stuffed.   The duck alone would have been enough, but who could resist trying an app.  Two apps equals a good meal...most apps, anyway.   - Drinks are expensive.   $10 small cocktails and 4-5oz? wine by the glass starting at $11 (there were one or two options under $10, but nothing I wanted to drink).   -  They don't do separate checks, but will run multiple cards (after you labor over the math yourself).  Overall, a solid option.
4	I've heard nothing but rave reviews of this joint.  I missed out when it was BYOB.  They have a full bar now, and BOY does that bartender know how to shake up a cocktail!The drinks were delicious and intriguing.  I could have had at least 4, but I held back since we were going to see Interstellar later.For the starter/app we got the Oysters.  Let me start off by saying I am NOT a seafood fan.  The idea of sucking a creature out of it's home and swallowing it down like a big gooey gelatinous mass really turns my stomach. My SO is really into seafood and especially love oysters.  He really wanted to beef tartar but I am not a fan (it's a texture thing...).  I compromised by getting the oysters which I heard were (inter)stellar (see what I did there? ahh so clever). They were served with some beer, bacon, kale, kohlrabi, horseradish, & lemon.  They were DELICIOUS!  They were everything I imagined to be the opposite of oysters.  Not fishy/seafoody. Perfect balance of beer/bacony salty goodness/spice of horseradish and they weren't raw which was an actual concern of mine. They LOOKED amazing as well.For the entree's my boyfriend got the Gluttony (boudin noir, boudin blanc, bacon confit, trotter croquette, sauerkraut, meat caramel apples, smoked- roasted potatoes, violet mustard, sauce ravigotte, rosemary).  Since I am not a fan of blood pudding/sausage, pig heart, or any such organs... I passed on trying any of his except for the pork belly which was cooked perfectly.   He was in heaven.  He usually eats his food with the relative quickness of a starving animal but this time he took his good old sweet time relishing in every last bite (if only to torture me with how horrified I was that people eat that).  I of course went for the simple spanish hanger steak ( piperade, crab butter roasted sunchokes, pimenton aioli, salsa verde, cilantro).  It was delicious.  The meat was cooked perfectly, normally I don't like hanger steak as it's a cheaper cut of meat, but I could barely tell with how well prepared and seasoned it was.  The crab butter roasted sunchokes were really the star of the whole dish for me.  They were phenomenal.We skipped desert since we were on a tighter schedule than we wanted.  The total bill wasn't outrageous but definitely not a place I would eat at everyday since we're a little more budget conscious.
5	The papardelle with trotters, octopus and smoked salata is one of the best things I've eaten in years. Really excellent.
3	We went here Saturday night for my husband's birthday and the food is outstanding!! This restaurant should have all 5 stars but the service however was horrible. So horrible that we left after our entrees because it wasn't worth trying to get our waitress's attention to order dessert or drinks. We made reservations for 8:30 and we got there early and the hostess suggested we get drinks at the wine bar next door. It was a nice place and we came back at 8:30, seated at 8:40 which was no big deal. Our waitress came over somewhat quickly and I asked her for Pinot Noir, she said they didn't have that but recommended one that was similar. It was awful and tasted like white Zinfandel and was pink in color. I was hoping to get a different glass but she took our food order so quickly and left I never got the chance. Yes, she took our orders and that was the last time she came to our table until after we finished our meals. We got the Salumi, which was the best charcuterie I have ever had! This was brought by a very nice gentlemen who was obviously not our waitress. Then when our meals came out, they were also brought out by a nice gentlemen. The 1 drink each that we were able to order were cleared by another waitress who I think felt bad for us. When our waitress finally came back to our table and we asked for our check she didn't bother to apologize for never checking on us or getting us drinks or to check on the awful wine she recommended. I ordered the duck which was unbelievably good and my husband got the osso bucco which was also great! We would have loved to had a couple drinks and order dessert because we have two kids and had a night out and we were celebrating a birthday but there was no way we were staying and trying to get service from our non existent waitress. She finally brought a check which was not ours and double the amount of what our bill ended up being. I brought this to her attention and again, no apology. She just huffed and took it away and came back with the right check. Needless to say we went somewhere else for drinks and dessert. It's a shame because the food was top notch and I will dream of the duck. Not sure if I want to brave it again though if the service stays the same.
3	Came here for a date night about a month ago. I've already read so much good stuff about it on yelp and my husband and I love cured meats so we decided to check out what the buzz is all about. We ordered the salumi, parisian gnocchi and the duck confit. In pictures, the salumi looked like such a huge plate but in person it was pretty underwhelming, for $40, we were expecting more out of it. The parisian gnocchi was not worth getting - just didn't think it was anything special to it. The duck confit was our favorite dish but again the portion size was small. The whole meal took about 2 hrs and the place wasn't packed.
5	I LOVED this place, RESERVATIONS recommended!!! It is quaint but upscale, great attentive service without being "in your face". Comfortable atmosphere with decent music in the background.OK.. caution here, this is not a place for a vegetarian or vegan. Just listen to the name, CURE, it is all about meats; cured meats.  Do NOT torture your animal loving fiends. Of Course I ordered the much renowned.  Salumi platter.  It is a combination of ciccioli, duck speck, lardo, fernet & oil cured olive, nduja.  Yeah, sounds intimidating but even if I can not pronounce much of it, my tongue LOVED IT !!!  The difference in flavors accompanied with mustard/sauces and bread was heavenly.  I could have eaten a few more platters of this cured meat delight.  I did order a small entree of oysters which were also delicious; briney with a delicious horseradish and bacon topping.  Yeah YUM.  I have to say the Salumi platter is to die for ... I even convinced them to make me one to take home.  Yeah it's that good !!!Meal is on the pricey side and portions are small.  You may still be hungry when you leave or consider ordering 2 entrees.  SO happy that I finally made it here; Ill be dreaming of the cured duck.FYI, you can BYOB but the uncorking charge is $15.00; and parking is on the street.  You may have to walk a few blocks.
5	This is serious foodie food.  Get reservations.  This place is amazing.  The space is really beautiful (I personally don't care for dead things on the walls but other than that I like the antique-y comfy vibe).  I've been twice within the last few months.  First time it took some time to get our reserved table but that was ok cause I got to hang out at the bar and get to chat with lovely bartender, who made some great recommendations.  I love the cocktails there because they aren't overly sweet and the flavors are really unique.  I got the cup which is probably one of the most unique drinks I've ever had.  The service is really great and I love looking into the kitchen.  The second time I went I got to sit at the bar over looking the kitchen and see them meticulously putting together the food.  I had the Duck Confit.  I've been eating duck my whole life and for a Chinese person to say this is the best duck I've ever had is saying a lot!  So completely delicious.  Really good portion size.  Everything on the plate was delicious.  My friend got the Gluttony.  Gorgeous plates which we cleaned with glee!  Serious foodie stuff.  For dessert we had the Chocolate souffle (sweet and salt meeting together on a plate so good) and Lemon Meringue pie which we destroyed.  I will be remembering this meal for a long time!  Seriously delicious place!  Thank you Cure for being so awesome!
5	I've been here a few times now and have loved it every time, particularly the large charcuterie appetizer is AMAZING!  I've also had the hangar steak, duck confit, and the pasta carbonara and all were quite delicious. I usually find that splitting the large charcuteria plate with a friend and getting a half order of pasta or sharing an entree with someone is a good amount of food.  More recently they have begun serving cocktails and I've always enjoyed them, though some are on the smaller side.  Every time I go both the food and cocktail menu change and include some seasonal specialties.  The atmosphere is warm and cozy with lots of pig and meat related decor.  Best to get reservations as this place gets busy.  The prices are a little high but the quality is excellent and the service has always been good.  This is a great place for meat lovers.
4	I went back here recently when a couple of friends were in town.  One was a meat lover like myself but the other was vegetarian.  I contacted the restaurant to see if they could accommodate a vegetarian (since everything on the menu, including the veggie sides has meat in them), and they said that they could make a special off menu option for my vegetarian friend which I was very pleased by.  They wouldn't let her select what she wanted but she was able to indicate a preference for something pasta related and what they brought her was a complete surprise, which was fun but it may be better to offer a little more flexibility or options.  It ended up being a papperdelle pasta with a light mushroom sauce and broccoli and it was very good though maybe a bit on the salty side.  I ordered the papperdelle with pig trotter and octopus sugo and it was very good but I found the sauce to be a little on the rich and sweeter side than I'd like.  We also got the large salumi plate which was as fantastic as ever, but they increased their price substantially so now it is $40 instead of $30, which was disappointing.  And they no longer offer any cheese options.  I still love Cure but for these reasons I am giving it 4 instead of 5 stars for this visit.  I also ordered a mezcal cocktail which had strawberry juice in it and it was garnished with a slice of lightly burnt lemo, which was so fantastic I ordered two.  The smokiness of the mezcal worked so nicely with the subtle strawberry and lemon flavors.
5	This is a fun place to dine! Definitely a unique culinary experience that I have not had before. The atmosphere felt fresh and modern. You just knew that the food was going to be great. Walking in, the chef's kitchen is seated the level up from the dining room in view; it gives you the feeling of here's the chefs kitchen, relax and have fun because your going to experience some savory food. We had Salumi and beef tartare as apps, duck confit and gluttony for dinner, and ended with lemon meringue pie. Everything was so uniquely good and the portions were enough I felt. Our waitress was attentive and easy going. I felt that seating was too close to neighbors but it's not a big place. Make reservations and keep in mind that they don't unlock the doors until 5.
5	My husband and I have been here many times. Our favorite thing to do is get several snacks, a few drinks, and the chocolate dessert. Perfect meal. The charcuterie is exceptional. If you are more interested in gluttonous quantity, I wouldn't bother. But if you love a high quality, thoughtful plate of food, go now!
4	We brought our own Wine only $15 corkage fee. We had Salumi and Parisian gnocchi and gluttony!We all enjoyed it and great time. Looking forward to next visit !
5	Hubs surprised me to a lovely meal here before the Steelers game (love it that Uber is in Pittsburgh btw!). He was so excited to bring me here because I'm all about cured meats. Salumi platter was great- got to sample a lot of things. It was good for a first-timer although I probably wouldn't order it again. I saw reviewers complaining about lack of bread. I would agree with it but I'm wondering it's also intentional because bread would take away from all the delicious meats on that platter? Or maybe it's a statement saying that we Americans are in the (physical) state that we are because of our love for bread? Those were my deep thoughts during the meal btw. No joke. But LOVED LOVED their beef tartare. The server recommended it and it was almost orgasmic. All the flavors infused together was so lovely. The dark chocolate souffle cake was fantastic. I really enjoyed their cocktails- different from any I've had before and it'd be awesome if someone at Cure would tell me how to make it at home since I live all the way out in freaking Jersey? (hint, hint). But their rye whiskey and vodka cocktails were oh so delicious. Don't expect like a large glass of it, but a little goes a long way for these particular drinks. =)
4	cure is fantastic!!!! The atmosphere has a cool vibe, warm with a lot of reclaimed wood. I had the Coq Au Vin and it was one of the best meals I've had in Pittsburgh. Highly recommend!
4	3.75 rounded up to 4It's really cool inside. There's animal heads on the wall but it doesn't feel creepy. It's a very cabin in the woods feel. It's very cozy but looks nice at the same time. The food is also pretty good too. I had the gnocchi but it was fried... which was unexpected. And there were only like 5 pieces. I was expecting a pasta dish with meat sauce, but I was wrong. I mean, gnocchi is pretty heavy so I ended up being full but let's just say the dish wasn't what I expected. My friend got the chicken. I had a bit and it was really juicy and tender. There was also a lot of things happening on her plate at the same time. The way she described it was there were too many flavors on her plate at one time which I totally understand. There were nuts and sauces and yogurt and honey, and I don't know. A bit too much for us. The dishes weren't what we exactly expected but the food was pretty good.We didn't get a dessert but I walked by the chef's counter while going to the bathroom and it looked delicious. I kind of regretted it as I walked by.
