5	I wasn't the ice cream lover in my family - far from it.  Scooptacular has changed that.  Fantastic service, lots of smiles and an incredible treat for the whole family.  Bonus:  This is a locally owned business.Can't decide which flavor to choose?  No problem!  They offer free samples.  Warning though, that will likely make your decision even more difficult.  Oatmeal Cookie, Red Velvet, Butter Pecan, Strawberry Cheesecake...yum!.  My children adore the Cookie Monster and Birthday Cake flavors.   Turtle is my favorite...for now...
1	I decided to try the new ice place "Scooptacular". Let me say, this was not a good experience. I wasted my time and money. First the customer service was the worst. Sorry to say it Jennifer but I repeated my order four times. Wow and the order was still wrong.There are only a few regular flavors. Can you believe no regular vanilla ice cream?!!!!!Two sundaes cost $8.64 which is ridiculus considering the size of this sundae was a six ounce plastic glass. The whip cream was not sweet, I don't think it was real. The hot fudge was the only good thing on the sundae and it was scarce. Oh and by the way used spoons should never be next to clean utensils. I almost picked up a used one.Don't waste your time. Although I support local businesses this one needs lots of work.
3	I would like to take the opportunity to thank Scooptacular for contacting me and making an effort to rectify the situation. I haven't try it again but I will in the future. They have make a few changes and I was pleasantly surprised.Thanks Again Scooptacular.
5	What a gem in laveen! Friendly staff and fabulous ice cream! German chocolate cake is my husbands favorite
4	This is a nice little ice cream shop. I like the ice cream and it's always nice to support a small business in my community. I like the rocky road and recently tried the "laveen concrete" flavor. Both were yummy! My boyfriend loves the cookie monster flavor. They also have shaved ice there but I haven't tried it yet. The staff is friendly and they have a cute little area set up for kids.
5	When my husband wanted to veer into Cold Stone the other day, I felt my nose wrinkle, and the words "Nah, let's go to Scooptacular later" came out of my mouth. That's when I knew that this adorable new store had me as a repeat customer. The owner is as sweet as her ice cream and all of the employees have been friendly and patient. You can try as many flavors as you'd like, and believe me, you'll want to try them all. Oatmeal Cookie has become our favorite, but I also loved the German Chocolate, and the Red Velvet with its ribbons of frosting (very rich). All the ice cream is super premium, and is served in very generous scoops. I usually have to pass my two-scoop cone on to my husband to finish, especially if I get anything with chocolate in it. I would say the prices are equivalent to getting a pint of Haagen Dazs but the quality is even better, being freshly made. And supporting an awesome local business tastes pretty good, too.I once asked the owner if the store was a chain, because it looked so much better and "put together" than many independent places. It is bright, super clean, and a word I seldom use: cheery. The menu is large and easy to read and navigate. Obviously, a lot of thought and care went into this store. It shows. I would encourage the downtown foodies to come to Laveen just to have Scooptacular's ice cream.  I'll bet you'll turn your backs on Cold Stone, too.
5	Just came back from my first visit to Scooptacular and I am in love! Finally, a great ice cream place just around the corner. The place was packed and all the employees were very friendly and helpful, encouraging us to try out all the flavors. I ended up going with the turtle and the red velvet, my sister had the cookie monster and my brother had the blueberry raspberry yogurt. All our favorites so far, but we will definitely be coming back to try new flavors soon.
5	What everyone else has said thus far is true!  This place is only about 5 minutes from my house, the owner is sweet as can be, her staff are awesome, and she said, "Try everything!"This place is very affordable, has great portions, and VERY yummy waffle cones.  If you live out here - or even if you don't - try it!
5	We love Scooptacular in Laveen! I can't get enough of the Cookie Monster icecream and my husband loves the Soy vanilla - nice alternative. I send him over there at least a couple times per week to pick us up a yummy treat. We like the little tables and movies playing for the kiddos too. Even though my son doesn't like icecream, he enjoys going over there! You know you are a fan of Scooptacular when over half of your spoons in the drawer are pink or blue!
4	I only had a chance to visit this place at the Grand Opening of the City Scape center downtown Phoenix last Thursday, but they served up some tasty treats!!! I never in my life have ever tried Cotton Candy ice cream (and growing up i lived next door to a family that made and sold Cotton Candy daily) Not only was it nostalgic, but it tasted exactly like Cotton Candy!!! They also gave me 2 samples of the Vanilla Ice Cream and it has vanilla specs in it. (even though Vanilla Ice Cream in the states was ruined thanks to my having tried it curb side in Guadalupe, Antigua- fresh from the Vanilla bean and Ice from the cooler) there's was very tasty! I would recommend this shop for all those on the west side (kinda weird that they would partake in a Grand Opening of the City Space in Downtown=but I reaped the rewards!!!!) Hopefully they will be opening up in the City Scape. I would be in heaven if they did ^_~
4	We finally made it to Scooptacular last weekend and we are new fans!  I love being able to support local businesses and the prices here made my day!  What a refreshing treat after getting ripped off by coldstone for so many years!  We can actually afford to come here weekly!  Hooray for Ice Cream!  I love how the have a kid area set up with movies playing.  My husband and I were able to sit, enjoy our ice cream treat while our child was entertained and behaving!
5	Yes, we live in Laveen and 1. We are DESPERATE for some decent cuisine over here 2. HELP 3. WHY? 4. HELP. Anyway, I am not giving this place 5 stars because of any of the above.  if I was back in Orange County, oh sorry, the Oooo See, I would do the same thing. And, we even have Thrifty Ice Cream there. I mean, let's be real. The only real ace in the hold for Thrifty is that darn coveted chocolate malted crunch that seems impossible for anyone to recreate. Scooptacular, however, has many many flavors that are great, and, maybe one day, they'll find a way to rival the chocolate malted crunch icon. The interior is adorable, with a cotton candy style color palette. There's even a Disney movie usually playing and some pretty decent seating. I was leveling off some of my ice cream, getting a bit greedy about getting down to my favorite part, the rim of the sugar cone meets the melted treat, yum. The manager came by & said oh is everything ok? & I said oh yes, I just have TOO much ice cream & I want my cone! if that's the worst complaint, well there you go.  I really hope everyone goes out & supports what is probably one of the best non-chain (ok let's be honest that's pretty much all we freaking have, APPLEBEE'S, ICK) places around.
5	This is great ice cream that is made in the store by the owners and their friendly staff. They have a ton of special flavors and they let you try anything you want! They really want you to be happy with what you order. The price is right in line with what you would expect. Cheaper and better than Cold Stone, and if nothing else they have a friendly staff that always smiles. I have been going there since the day they opened and have been returning weekly ever since. For those of you who say it is too expensive or you don't get as much ice cream as you "think" you should, shut up and go to McDonalds and get their 99c vanilla cone and enjoy the taste of nothingness. Not me. I want delicious flavor in hand scooped ice cream. This ice cream is CHEAP people. Try it..... you won't be disappointed!
4	I really like scooptacular. Nice friendly staff, cool kid friendly atmosphere, and delicious ice cream! I especially appreciate all the thank you cards hanging around from places that Scooptacular has donated their treats. I love the Laveen Concrete Mix ice cream!
5	Don't get me wrong I like frozen yogurt and mix-in ice cream but sometimes ya just want some good ole ice cream and nothing more or less. They have several homemade flavors to choose from and I recommend you try the Cookie Monster
4	The Veen has a great ice cream shop!The reason this is big news is that there really is not anything out in The Veen food wise that is great so having a great ice cream shop is a real coup.  Scooptacular (Scoop) has all of the stand byes for ice cream choices but also has some great off the beaten path flavors as well.  My favorite is the oatmeal cookie.  It is a vanilla base ice cream with some carmel, cookie crumbles, and a few ingredients I can't quite make out.  Scoop also has the typical waffle bowls and cones made on the premises.  Their shakes are not that special but the ice cream choices makes up for that short coming.Something really cool that Scoop does is that you can rent out the place for birthday  parties and the kids get to make their own ice cream.  it is actually a service that is reasonably priced.If you like good ice cream and you are tired of the Cold Stone prices associated with it check out Scoop.
4	Their ice cream is delicious and they have a ton of flavors. The best part though is that they have shaved ice! You don't have to wait for the fair to be in town!
5	L-O-V-E this place.  My friend and I walked with her two daughters over to Scooptacular for a well-deserved treat.  Oatmeal cookie dough? Yes, please.  They had a cute little stool set up so the girls could see the flavors-- and we were able to sit right next to the kids table.  The only regret I have about this place is getting a single scoop as opposed to 4 or 5 scoops....! Just sayin'.
5	Who loves Ice Cream? Who loves local? Who loves nice people? Well get on over to Scooptacular!!
5	Excellent ice cream, good place to take little ones.  Staff remembered us on our second visit.  Hope to be back soon and try some other flavors
5	best ice cream in the world!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	I honestly love Scooptacular!  I have been here I don't know how many times (let's just say I've cashed in on many 'free' ice creams with the punch cards!)  Their ice cream is great - and that's coming from a Wisconsin girl (I mean I know my ice cream!)   Was I bit irked that they don't use AZ milk?  Yes.  BUT - without a doubt - if I'm paying for 'premium' ice cream and AZ milk doesn't make it taste the best - then please use IL milk!  The owners are sweet, sincere, and generous.  Scooptacular recently had their one year anniversary and raised money to set up a scholarship fund for their employees.  All their employees are polite and helpful.  (It doesn't hurt that we're 'regulars'!)  My favorites: a tie between chocolate overload and oatmeal cookie.  I used to love the Laveen Concrete, but my tastes have changed.  My husband loves the Grasshopper (mint with girl scout thin mints)...if you ask, they *might* still have some in the back.  ;-)  My children love the cookie monster, cotton candy (it's purple), bubblegum and their new favorite: orange creamsicle.Oh, I forgot to mention - we bought an ice cream cake for my daughters recent birthday from Scooptacular.  We choose mint chocolate chip and chocolate for the layers with a fudgey middle layer.  It was SOOO GOOD!  Also, they have hot dog ice cream.   You have to respect someone who is clearly so dedicated to their craft to make meaty ice cream!
5	My boyfriend and I decided to treat ourselves from our low carb diet and go to Scooptacular. Let's just say it was well worth it!The place is nicely decorated and new looking (I'm not sure how long this place has been here, as we are new to the area). The owner was very helpful and gave/offered us as many samples as we wanted. We were really impressed by their selection of flavors. They have all the classics, along with some creative and different concoctions. I went with two classic choices--- cookies and cream and chocolate, while my boyfriend opted for the cookie monster and reese's peanut butter cup. Every ice cream we tried was absolutely delicious. You can tell that they are passionate about making high-quality, delicious ice cream. It's nice since there are so many chains out there. It's also good to support a well-run, original local business.I also wanted to say that the owner let us use the Yelp check-in offer (one free waffle cone), even though the coupon expired over a month ago. We will definitely be back, although not as much as I would like in the near future, since I need to drop about 30 pounds.
5	I love this place and can't say enough good things about them!  So happy that Cold Stone is gone and Scooptacular came in to the rescue!
5	Seriously addictive. So yummy and really nice staff.
4	It was Saturday night we had just got done eating at a pretty bad restaurant and we wanted some really good ice cream to wash the flavor away. We looked on yelp and saw this place. It was a bit far from where we were for ice cream, but we decided to try it anyway. 20 miles later we had arrived, the place was small but inviting. The lady who help us was really nice, she let us try any sample we wanted and answered any question we had on the flavors. I couldn't decide what I wanted so I got a vanilla waffle cone and my boyfriend tried their red velvet waffle cone. They were both great! The waffle cone was so delicious, it was the best part! It also had an awesome gooey suprise at the end of the cone, it was a marshmallow that had soaked up the ice cream and tasted so good. This place was defiantly worth the drive.
5	The best ice cream ever!!!
5	Love this place! Unique flavors, very low prices and a great place to take the kids!
5	Best handmade ice cream ever!  Also, fantastic local business with friendly family atmosphere.  I love Scooptacular!
5	We love Scooptacular and go there about once a week. It's become a family tradition, and we've been doing it long enough to try every flavor ice cream they make. Let me tell you, this is the best ice cream you will ever have, hands down, anywhere. It's the best. Home made. High quality ingredients. Never "old", wet, ice crystal-y or otherwise sub par. They make the best flavors, from the standards (mint choc chip,  yum!) to the unusual (oatmeal cookie is my favorite, red velvet cake is my daughter's fav). The couple who run the place are genuinely NICE people, and the employees are always so friendly and helpful. The employee turnever is nil, and I asked once, "Is your boss a good boss to work for?" and the resounding answer was "best I've ever had". If you want 10 samples, the employees will give it to you with a smile. Got there close to closing? No problem. It's so cheap too! Forget Coldstone, it's way tastier and a better value. There's always a line of people, which is a GOOD thing because it's a testament to their popularity. If you like them on FB, you can see the new flavors and comment for your faves. They always are playing an animated movie on their wall mounted TV and have little chairs and small tables for the kidlets to sit at, so parents can have some semi-alone time while the kids are entertained. It's worth a trip to Laveen, even if you don't live there.
4	Yummy yummy yummy... Good price and friendly service xoxoopen late has good choices!...good prices too
5	This place is awesome [: We went here yesterday because my friends and I have been on an ice cream kick lately and plus my friends live in Laveen and he said this place is really good so we wanted to try.The staffs are very friendly, they keep offering us samples which is nice cause they have a lot of flavours. They even had a ham flavour but I didn't try because erms... well yeah. Pricing isn't too expensive imo.Oh and their cones are awesome! I like how its thin and crunchy so it doesnt have the stale-ness taste when you eat. It reminds me of Abbott's Frozen Custard, a place back where I grew up so that was awesome [:Definitely recommend this place!
5	This place is a must stop and taste kind of place. Everyone is always so nice. This place in my opinion is better than coldstone and 31 flavors combined. They have ice cream that make you remember your childhood. They also have ice cream that makes you feel like a kid again. I started out loving the Greman chocolate Cake and let me tell you that it taste just like it. Then I went to the orange dream. Remember back in the day they have the orange popsicle and the vanilla ice cream in the middle. This taste just the same. Now I am in love with the salted Caramel. Oh so very good. My partner has always been a fan of the oatmeal cookie.  Best thing is during the holidays they have weird flavors. Like on 4th of July they have hot dog and Fathers Day they had beer. They make it all there and the staff gets to create flavors too. Man you can even put your 2 cents in.
5	Scooptacular has home made ice cream and is soo delish! They have a lot of flavors and have some yummy seasonal flavors too. I love their pumpkin cheesecake / pumpkin pie during the holidays. Their cookie monster is amazing!  They have cupcakes and ice cream cakes as well. Definitely recommend this place. They do a lot for the community which makes them a better local ice cream shop!
5	Scooptacular really is spectacular! They have a great variety of  ice creams all made in-house (Laveen Concrete Mix is my fave!!) The staff is very nice and friendly. They are quick to offer you a sample of any ice creams you would like to try. I am not sure how long this shop has been open, but I really hope they last. We go about once a week, which is all my butt can afford. Ironically we go after hiking on South Mountain, so I suppose it all cancels out. :) So, if you are ever in the Laveen Area, definitely make a stop at Scooptacular!! I saw a flyer there yesterday that said they also do Birthday Parties in the Shop where they show guests how to make ice cream. I suppose 33 is too old to have a Birthday Party there, so I will instead get one of their Ice Cream Birthday Cakes.... mmmm!
5	Wow. Like a lot. We drove here from Mesa because of the Yelp reviews and it being featured in the Yelp email, and let me say that it was well worth the drive! My partner thought i was nuts driving all the way to Laveen for ice cream, but after our experience here even she admitted I did good!The owner was there and spent a good 20 minutes getting us to try pretty much every flavour they had. I nearly had a meltdown trying to pick what I wanted. The salted caramel was a perfect blend of sweet and salty, the German chocolate cake was amazing, the red velvet was the next best thing to having the real thing. The sorbet was refreshing and not too sweet. I ended up opting for the Cookie Monster, because it's blue and cotton candy flavoured, and I have a strange affinity for both. My partner went for the strawberry cheesecake and it was just about perfect. By checking in with Yelp we got free upgrades to a waffle cone, and mine was still warm!!! The owner was extremely personable and answered all our questions. He ran back and forth, getting us samples of the flavours they had in the back. He explained why they use Illinois milk instead of Arizona milk (it's interesting... ask him about it!). We sat outside, ate our ice cream and watched as a large group went in... to make their own ice cream! What a perfect, unique date, or something to do for a kid's birthday party. I will happily make the trek up there anytime for this homemade ice cream with some of the most unique flavours I've had!
5	My husband and I moved to the neighborhood last year and found this gem!  It's pretty dangerous to live across the street fron this ice cream shop because it's THAT good!  Good thing there's a gym within walking distance!We absolutely love this place. The staff is a group of great people that are always friendly and cheerful.  We have not had a single bad thing to say about anyone or anything here.Cookie Monster is our favorite flavor.  It's also awesome as a shake!  Who knew that cotton candy flavored ice cream with chunks of cookie dough and brownies would be such an amazing flavor combination?!  Don't knock it 'til you try it!! I have also tried the regular cookie dough, peanut butter cup, birthday cake, and the red velvet flavors -- all of them are delicious.  My husband has tried Laveen's Concrete Mix and gives it rave reviews also. The waffle cones are ALWAYS fresh and the best I've ever had.
5	We love scooptacular, they make the best ice cream around and everyone who works there is always smiling and friendly.  You really can't say that about many places these days.  We are moving to Chandler, but we may have to make the occasional drive back to Laveen just for ice cream!I tried the chocolate stout the other day, really different and good! If I could give them 6 stars I would!
5	Nindi and Carissa are god-sends to Laveen. They are get community members and walking in to Scooptacular always makes me a little happier. Their birthday parties are great! My child got to create his own ice cream a few days before the party. He loved the personal affects they did for me.
5	I've been here twice, and both times I had a really good experience. Not only do they have awesome, store-made, one of a kind flavors, but they are patient and offer samples until you find the one you like. Great, kid-friendly environment too. Thumbs way up!!
5	Dear Scooptacular Owner(s) & Staff,I highly appreciate your non-diary items like the melt in your mouth shaved ice (green apple rocks).I cannot forget the sherbet; it was just lovely. Thank you for the options.The staff was so friendly and welcoming. I think you should give them a bonus. The female with the red hair was so nice and approachable. I will definitely be back for more scoops. All-in-all great staff, and great product.
5	In March, I asked Nindi to make a 49er ice cream cake for my sons' 18th Birthday...it was amazing...I have never had ice cream as yummy as Scooptacular, and look forward to going as often as possible.  By the way, the ice cream cake was a hit, and there wasn't much left after we cut into it!Thanks Nindi for making it a memorable and wonderful 18th Birthday!
4	I love their ice cream! The cookie monster is addictive, but mix it with the oatmeal cookie and I have a mouthful of sin and delicious. I have not had a bad ice cream and we have tasted most of the flavors. I wish the German chocolate had more stuff in it-nuts, coconut & caramel. The chocolate flavor of the ice cream is decadent as is their salted caramel. If you have not been here, you must try their ice cream. Cold Stone has nothing on this place!
5	After reading reviews, we decided to trek out this way just for a celebratory dessert outing. I've gotten sick of the frozen yogurt places so a real ice cream shop was on my mind. This place was amazing. They had like 16 flavors, all made there.  Super fun flavors, which we tried most of. The sweet girl gave us as many samples as we wanted, didnt seem at all put off. Cookie monster, grasshopper, playdough, laveen concrete, and cake mix was our flavors of choice. We didnt think it was that expensive at all, compared to other cold stone or maggie moo's. It's worth the trip. Go try it!
5	This place is great.  I'm surprised I've not reviewed it prior.  I discovered it shortly after moving out here 2 1/2 years ago (shortly after they opened actually).  This has been nothing but the best ice cream shop I've ever been to.  Top notch.  The staff and the product.  The owners are nice as can be.  The staff is always great and eager to help out.  The product.  Spectacular.  They will let you try pretty much anything.  The ice cream is creamy and the taste is dead on.  The sorbet is made fresh daily and you can tell.....tasty, smooth...don't really know how to describe a sorbet that just seems perfect, but they have it.  Their freshly made waffle bowls, made daily, are tasty also.  Oh..and it gets better.  Their "single scoop" can be divided into 2 smaller scoops or 4 mini-scoops.  This place is the best.  We've gone through more than a few free cones using their punch cards.  They also make shakes, smoothies, and ice cream cakes.  They sell all their flavors by the pint or quart.  The lady and I will continue to be loyal customers.
4	Scooptacular  is a local, neighborgood icecream shop in Laveen that also aims to engage Laveen community (they offer scholarships to kids in area, too). On top of ice-cream, they also have some limited selection of cafe items such as cakes, cupcakes, froyo, etc.My friends got a $12 for $24 deal coupons and we came here for an early evening snacks pre dinner. Each of us tried variety of different icecreams and settled for 4 small cones/cups of variety of flavors such as Dark Chocolate Smores, Chocolate Covered Strawberry, Pistachio, Crayon Clay, etc.The taste was great and the people behind this ice-cream parlor were friendly and helpful! With people walking in and out of store constantly, I could tell Scooptacular was definitely one of the favorite establishments within this community.Parking is easy. The store is located in retail stripmall area, so you don't have to worry about it at all.
5	Feeling ill? Scooptacular is your remedy, well, it was mine. Came down with the flu today. I decided that taking my little sis for some awesome ice cream would do me some good, and it did. She chose her current fave, Cookie Monster, and I took home a pint of strawberry cheesecake with cheesecake chunks ;) sure made me feel better. Lol. Awesome local ice cream combined with great service, you should go now :) enjoy.
5	Tried this place when picking up my nephew from daycare. I was impressed right away. It is definitely a family friendly place, complete with little kids tables, fun colors on the walls and kids cartoons. Also, the prices are super good.There were a lot of flavors of ice cream to choose from, all of them home made. I was especially impressed with their "playdough" ice cream which is vanilla with a bunch of awesome colors.I ordered a cup of butter pecan which was delicious. A little bit on the sweet side, but one of the best I've ever tasted. I will definitely come back the next time I am in Arizona visiting family.
5	Awesome ice cream place near my house. They always have different flavors every time I go. Oatmeal cookie is one of the most popular kinds they have!  Highly suggest Scooptacular!! Served us even though it was minutes from closing and let us sample as many as we wanted.
5	Must have sampled 6 different flavors before deciding on Smores. Crazy good with a huge thrash of graham cracker running through the chocolate ice cream. Plus entire mini marshmallows were also involved. One giant scoop for $3.25 on a sugar cone. Should have read previous review about combining flavors - lots to choose. Place is in a sketchy shopping center, felt like drive-through city. Rap music, shiny rims, tinted windows halfway down, but focus on the ice cream and you should survive the visit.
5	You can't beat the Red Velvet!
5	All around good family owned business!
5	Love going to Scooptacular!! Great Christian music and clean and one of the best staff!!!
5	All I can say is . . .BEST ICE CREAM EVER!!!!!All homemade flavors that range from simple such, as vanilla, to exotic, such as Lavender.  Their Red Velvet is out of this world and their Oatmeal Cookie tastes like I  just stole some batter from the bowl of dough.  I was very impressed with each flavor that I was able to sample.Speaking of sampling, the staff is exceptionally friendly and courteous, always willing to let you sample all their favorites as well as anything that one day might become one of yours.   I would and will be recommending this place all I know.  If you are looking for OUTSTANDING ice cream, this is ONLY place to go.
5	scooptacular is awesome!! if you want good icecream and want your moneys worth then go!!!!!
5	Great family I owned, all ice cream made ob sight and the staff is polite, friendly and makes you feel very welcome. ...what a concept!  Lol. More establishments could learn from them!
5	New to the Phoenix area (actually previously lived in Scottsdale and moved away for a few years and recently moved back). Any who, after an amazing home cooked meal I offered to go out and grab dessert for my wife and guest. This place is amazing! Not only are all the flavors of ice cream made fresh in store but the owner works the counter and is extremely nice. Essentially, I am normally a Coldstone guy but after the amazing service I got here I am more than happy to switch my ice cream parlor of choice. This place rocks, good food and great staff.
5	Creamy, homemade goodness!Fantastical service and deliciousness all in one!As a first timer, I was given a brief rundown of the offerings! Sampled more than I should have...hehehe!I chose to go with the citrus cream cheese! This has to some of the best ice cream I've ever had.  Very cream cheesy with bits of citrus zest throughout!  The waffle cone (thanks Yelp!) is also homemade and VERY thin, which I love.  I had a super thick and overpowering waffle cone.  Very friendly, very clean, very good!
5	this place makes their own ice cream!  and it tastes great too.  i believe the owners are local too.  each time we go the service is great.  there is a tv and kid table and chairs available too.  i enjoying going to cold stone but this place is right around the corner from where we live.  i hope this place stays around!!!
5	Best Ice Cream EVER! I absolutely love their Laveen Concrete flavor, not a good name for it but it's DELICIOUS! Their shaved ice is amazing too! AND Scooptacular does a lot for their local community. Great Ice Cream & Charitable business? What's not to love?
5	We love this place! The owners are extremely nice and involved in the community, the staff is always friendly and helpful, and the ice cream is delicious!
5	Amazing ice cream, amazing service! What's not to love!? The best ice cream I have ever had. I go there at least once a week. The place is clean and the staff is always courteous. Best ice cream in Phoenix AZ.
5	Man, if I ever really thought about living in Laveen, this would be the only reason. I really have no issues driving 30 minutes to get spectacular ice cream. Too bad I live 50 minutes away. And spectacular ice cream is an understatement. They told me that several of their ice creams were seasonal and that the ice creams were made/mixed locally. I had the cookie monster ice cream.  Who would've thought that cotton candy ice cream would be perfectly mixed to make me scream COOKIES! But it does and I think about it all the time. My wife wanted the carrot cake ice cream, and the server said it was amazing, but alas they were sold out and done for the season. It was like they were rubbing it in her face, which is funny because can an ice cream be so delectable?  I think yes. Everything they let us try was great and if they're raving about the carrot cake ice cream (and they work there) then it has to be a no-brainer. She settled (I say settled like it was a bad thing) and she loved it. I want some right now.
5	Yummy rich flavorful creamy and smooth. Cheaper than other chains and so worth the drive! My son and I tasted all the flavors and settled on the Playdoh. It is a colorful and fun vanilla tasting ice cream and it is incredibly good. So good, that I bought a pint. I will be back again and again.
5	No wonder this has 5 star. Just the first bite, you can tell its really good. Really creamy, thick and tasty. Easily one of the best icecream I ever had. I'm so glad this is right here in Laveen. Inexpensive and nice service as well.
5	I can't say enough good things about this place. My husband and I absolutely love Scooptacular. This local business has awesome ice cream. My personal favorites are Oatmeal Cookie and Laveen concrete, but really all their flavors are delicious. They are always coming up with new flavors. I recently purchased 2 birthday cakes from there, one was Rocky Road and the other was Oatmeal Cookie. Wow! The cakes were absolutely the best combination of cake and ice cream I have ever encountered, We have also purchased the Laveen concrete in a take-home gallon. When we purchased it we were told that we can have any of their flavors in a gallon, if we give them advance notice. They also told us that we can create our own flavors in a gallon, using their various toppings or bringing in our own. I also really love the fact that owners are local people who really give back to their community. I truly feel lucky to have this gem in my neighborhood.
5	The lady working my order went above and beyond to create a German Chocolate ice cream for me even though they no longer had it! I tried the Concrete Laveen and the German Chocolate and they were both fantastic! I hope you ladies bring the German Chocolate one back soon!
5	Scooptacular has the best ice cream in Arizona. If youre in laveen, its definitely worth the stop. If youre not in laveen It is worth the drive to laveen to try some of their delicious ice cream. The store was also clean and the owners and staff are very friendly.
5	Worth the drive- No one makes ice cream like this anymore. It's truly hand crafted and made from premium ingredients, you can taste the quality and superiority of their milk, cream, flavorings, etc. Scooptacular is 100% responsible for these extra 10 lbs I put on in the first year I lived in Laveen. (Yes, that spoon DID jump right into my mouth!)  Side note- there is an LA Fitness right across the street lol. I made it a mission to try each of their flavors one year and while I almost made it through the list, I couldn't fit into my jeans and had to slow down on the ice cream consumption. We have been going here for 3 years now and let me tell you, there is no ice cream that compares in the entire country. Cold Stone? You'll never slum it there again after trying Laveen's home grown old fashioned ice cream. Favorite flavors in this family include Red Velvet Cake, Mint Chocolate Chip, Oatmeal Cookie (one of my favorites and I don't even adore oatmeal cookies to begin with), Cookie Monster (yes, it's blue, but truly, it's worthy of a grown up's attention, trust me), Orange Creamsicle, and Salted Caramel. Butter Pecan and Birthday Cake are way better than other places as well. They will keep giving you samples cheerfully, so don't be shy to try at least 3-4 before settling on what you want. They also have punch cards where when you've indulged in an adequate number of gluttonous indulgences, you get one free. They also have great shaved ice. Get it Hawaiian style with cream added to it, it's delicious. Such a great product and friendly staff! They always have a DVD playing for the kids and while I don't have little ones, I still enjoy watching old favorites like The Incredibles or Cars 2. My only complaint is that I wish they stayed open until 11 on Friday and Saturday nights instead of 10.
5	Always always so nice and pleasant! Even though I always get the same thing, cookie monster, they never mind letting me sample their latest flavor. They have crazy seasonal flavors like turkey and ham if you're feeling brave. I love that they are alway thinking outside of the box. They also have characters their every once in a while. Stopping in and running into Elsa from Frozen was a pleasant surprise. My family will without a doubt continue to support this locale Laveen business.
5	My girlfriend and I go here all the time!  The ice cream is amazing and the staff is always very friendly
5	Drive from Gilbert for this great ice cream.  Michael, our scooper, was so patient with our ordering. He gave us soo much information that was helpful to our final selection.  What a great staff!
3	Just moved to Laveen, Nice little mom & pop shop. Staff could be more friendly. First time of course I wanted to sample some stuff I felt like it was a crime to ask to sample something. Chocolate covered strawberry ice cream was amazing. Major Plus they have Tropical Sno.
5	After driving past it for weeks, my fiance and I finally stopped in to try Scooptacular this week. The ice cream was fantastic. I had the Hazelnut Chocolate and my fiance ordered the Pomegranate Sorbet. The Hazelnut was perfect - creamy and not too sweet. It's so nice to find an ice cream shop with unique, hand-crafted flavors in the neighborhood. The ice cream was impressive, but I was even more impressed by the owners, who quickly responded when I had a minor customer service question. I will definitely be going back and urge everyone to support neighborhood gems like Scooptacular.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE THE SCOOP!!! Best ice cream in the valley! Just reading the reviews makes me want to run over and get another treat! Wonderful shakes, the shaved ice is to die for, but my fave is the waffle cone loaded with Laveen Concrete...wait, no Cookies & Cream...no..Pecan Praline....It's all delicious! Best business in the Laveen community - wonderful family and great place to hang out with friends.
4	The ice cream here is awesome and the service is great. The workers are always friendly and are happy to let you try samples of the ice cream. They have some standard flavors and have different specialty flavors each time we visit. Today they had one called "Manners" which was vanilla ice cream with fudge, chocolate crunch, fudge brownies, and chocolate chip cookies. It was yummy so I got a single scoop with half Manners and half Grasshopper (mint with GS cookies). We had a Groupon so it was buy one, get one free. They have punch cards too so after 10 scoops, you get one free. They also have yummy shaved ice, which I haven't had in awhile since I got hooked on the ice cream. Their ice cream is very cold & thick and takes awhile to melt. The only reason this visit wasn't 5 stars is because the chair and floor at the only vacant table was dirty so my boyfriend couldn't sit down. I know they were busy though, and a guy did come over to wipe the table off when we got up to leave. We live over 15 miles away, but it's worth the drive and we will definitely be back!
5	Another great experience at Scooptacular. Got one scoop with half Pumpkin King and half Cookie Monster. Both flavors were delicious. The employees were friendly as always! Enjoyed our ice cream on a bench out front so my dogs could join us.
5	Artisanal ice cream, friendly service, reasonable prices, flavors everyone can relate to and, best of all- the ice cream is served at the correct temperature. I am an ice cream fanatic and this place is WORLD CLASS!
1	Bought some danzeisen milk here, wish your employees knew the differance between a quart and a half gallon, got charged for a half gallon but was given a quart. Never going back here again.
5	Decided to stop by here and it was totally worth it!! So different than other ice cream places. I am from Las Vegas and I just wish they had a location there. I am definitely coming back before I go back home. They have so many different flavors with creative names. I had the play dough and it was pretty delicious. Now to the staff- Colby was awesome! He was so sweet and so enthusiastic about everything. He answered all our questions about the different flavors and gave us a little background on the owner.  He definitely made the experience 10x better!
