3	In short, Mr. Sandwich is Hue Thai. This appears to be a satellite restaurant for their flagship Hue Thai restaurant. This is essentially Hue Thai's sandwich menu with some desert and other popular Vietnamese dishes at Chinatown Plaza.The sandwich taste exactly the same as Hue Thai. This is both bad and good. For those who enjoy Hue Thai sandwiches, you'll have another place to get it. For those who are disappointed by Hue Thai sandwich, you'll be disappointed by this place.They claim the bread is freshly made, but something about heating up my sandwich right before serving it tells me its not so fresh. It doesn't have that balance of crispness and softness for the bread that tells me its fresh.I went there for their soft launch, which means they really only had a few items like the pork, beef, and special sandwich. I got the special sandwich, which like before had the same spiciness as the one at Hue Thai. The decor is very warm and feels like a good place to study and lounge around. Much nicer than the under the sea theme at Hue Thai.If you tasted Hue Thai stuff before, you tasted Mr. Sandwich. Its exactly the same thing. Nice for incoming tourists since they don't have to drive 3 more blocks to get a sandwich at Hue Thai. Disappointing for locals since we don't really get anything new. Lets hope soon to be open Lee's Sandwich does better.
5	THEIR BREAD IS FRESH ! ! !  They don't just make 1 batch a day, in fact, they make a different batch every few hours!  They are a sister restaurant to Hue Thai so if you noticed looking in the kitchen through the door you can see them actually making the bread =)   I'm very very very picky & selective with Vietnamese food (because I'm Vietnamese, I don't like eating my own food as strange as that sounds).  Thank god that Las Vegas does have 2-3 very good Vietnamese-Asian restaurants and MR. S is one of them!  As far as sandwiches, Mr. S is the BEST!  I live in Los Angeles and so I eat at Banh Mi Cali sometimes and have a hard time eating more than a few bites just because I don't like the breading is too hard and the meat is so-so but Mr. Sandwich's bread is always good and the meat is unforgettable!! (I had the Banh Mi Xiu Mai and was like "WTH! THIS IS SO FREAKEN GOOD!)  If you like varieties you'll definitely love how they have so many different meat and stuffings to choose from!  YUMMM for their MILK COFFEE!! My favorite place to get drinks!  They have BOBA tea too!SERVICE IS ALWAYS EXCELLENT!!! Sometimes holidays they take long to deliver though =/  It gets sooo busy in there that you have to wait about 5 min but I rather wait for good food than them hurrying up and messing it up.  1 of the girl that works the cashier is super cute and the other girl is quiet but nice.  1 time there was this mean lady but I think she got fired after the 2nd day of work ahahah!!  I like how it looks very warm in there with flat screen t.v. and nice interior decorations.
1	I went in confident with this place because the girl working the counter was very polite and sweet. I like good customer service :) I ordered a shrimp/pork spring rolls and 3 French sandwiches. 1 bbq pork and 2 of the original popular sandwich to go. When I took it home, I was extremely disappointed. The meat looked and tasted like it's been out for days with flies swirming around it and my spring rolls were so old, I couldn't get past 2 bites. I had no choice but to toss my entire order in the trash (and I'm not that picky of an eater) The upside is, I liked my coco Rico and the customer service was great but that's not enough to make me want to come back again. The food was absolutely disgusting. Oh, I also recieved a under cooked sausage sandwich instead of the BBQ pork that I requested. I was the only customer there, they had no excuse to mess up my order this bad!!! Dear Lees Sandwiches, open NOW please :(
1	One star for the cleanliness and friendly staff. However, not much I can say about the food. We wanted to order the Bhun Xeo and the girl tells us they don't have that there. So, please explain to me why it's on your menu? Anyway we didn't make a big deal out of it and ordered the eggrolls. I also got a house special bhun mi and my husband got the charboiled pork bhun mi. My sandwich meat wasn't tasting too fresh! It was a downer. I think it was the bbq pork that wasn't fresh which made the sandwich bad. The sandwich definitely did not come out looking big and meaty like the profile picture as posted on here.  Half way through our sandwich, finally, the eggrolls come out. The eggrolls about the width of my fingers. No vegetables inside just meat and clear noodles. Hubby and I usually enjoy our eggrolls wrapped in the lettuce. The lettuce that it was served with was not edible! It was wilted and black spots (maybe dirt that wasn't cleaned off???). Not fresh at all. I'd say no go on this place. I think I officially give up on bhun mi in Las Vegas. I truly miss home (Oakland, CA) bhun mi. Even San Diego bhun mi will do for me. We were hungry about an hour later.
5	Best bread in town!  Normally when I eat banh mi, it cuts up my mouth, but not here at Mr. Sandwich.  The bread is till crispy on the outside, but soft on the inside and so yummy!My favorite is the banh mi siew mai (the meatball).  Their dac biet is great too and they have a creative take on the banh mi pho which has all the fixings in pho (Vietnamese soup noodle) minus the noodle in a sandwich.And who can pass up a cafe sua da (Vietnamese coffee)?
4	Clean Vietnamese places automatically get a 3 star from me. The added homage to the traditional Vietnamese cuisine gives this place a solid 4 star. You know this is "French Vietnamese" by the smell of butter in the air. While waiting in line, I received a free bag of baggette. The sandwiches are honkers in size. One bite of the sandwich and I know this is the place for me. Soft buttery exterior mixed with pickled daikons and well marinated meat.  I like the boba style sealed coffee because it's easy for transportation. Butter, Butter, Nom Nom!
3	Ok, so I was around the area and decided to give this place another try. I ordered the speacial deal where you buy 5, get 1 free and I have to say.... it was a LOT better than before. It still have this weird after tase to it (I've been spoiled with Cali Lees sandwiches) but still, I will come back for more... until Lees sandwiches opens up down the street :)
3	I was craving banh mi for lunch and went yelping...this place has 4 stars, which to me, it's pretty decent.  I decided to give it a go.  When I arrived, the girl at the counter wasn't the most pleasant person I have encountered, but it's ok, I was HUNGRY.  I decided to order the 'Chinese Meat Loaf' sandwich (Vietnamese: Xiu Mai, I don't know why they named in 'chinese' though...whatevers), and the combination.  Kudos to the pickled vegetable and the nice soft fluffy bread.  I gave a portion of the meat loaf sandwich to my co-worker, who never had it before and she loves it.  The combination was A-OK as well.  I had better sandwiches.  Coming from Houston, I know what a good banh mi is like.  Slap on that whipped oil+egg whites and not stingy on the stuffing, we are good to go.  Too bad this place, plus many more use mayo.  BOOOOOOOO.  but all and all, it's ok.  Oh, i also had their iced milk coffee, which is pretty decent.
4	It is exactly like Hue Thai, even better since it is closer to my office!
3	This time around charbroiled chicken was a bit stale...
3	Good solid banh mi - enjoyed the chinese meatloaf, pork and pate and brisket with my family - all was good and quick - pickled veggies were a bit too sweet and dressing (not exactly sure what it was - had a buttery mayo quality) was a bit odd but ok.  Bread was very fresh, service was solid and efficient and restaurant was clean and modern for a neighborhood banh mi joint.  Looks like a concept that may be designed to be replicated around the valley - I would be in favor of that.
4	I usually treat myself to Sunday lunch after Sunday church mass. So today as I drive on westside Vegas, I took myself to Chinatown Plaza. While browsing this area I walked into Mr. Sandwich French-Vietnamese Cafe for something edible and partake on a sandwich! I haven't had one in some time. This cafe is small but with contemporary wood decor, like a little hip French bistro. The menu is posted in a large lighted box outside the cafe glass wall, complete with photos of the sandwiches, specialty rolls, special iced or shaved ice drinks, coffee, various appetizers, house special dishes, and vegetarian sandwiches. All offered, amazing affordability...awesome! Sandwiches are $3.49. Clean cafe. Fast service. Cordial waitstaff and cashier. Cool, hip crowd and customers. Hip-hop msic plays from their stereo. The cafe has a little store of candies and assorted beverages if you prefer to satisfy your thirst and for a sweets treat.Questions about my ordered sandwich and special drink were answered with a smile by my food server. I treat my body like it is a temple, so I asked beforehand what is in what I eat before I ingest because, I have a tendency to "vaccum and inhale" edibility. The "Assorted Seafood" Sandwich I ordered arrived my table warm and in crispy French bread made with fish cakes, shrimps,pickled carrots and pickled daikon with jalapeno green pepper. It was laid out on a basket. It tasted just like I have tasted before in one of New York's neighborhood restaurant where I lived before while in college. Truly French and Vietnamese style! The "Thai Passion Special Drink"  in a glass was filled with shaved ice, coconut milk, lychees, jackfruit, green and red jello and round palm fruit jelly. "Thai Passion Special Drink" is made with half-and-half milk but I asked for coconut milk with it, my request was granted... it was even a better tasting, cool, nice, slurpee of a cold drink! Oh passion, Oh love...I felt the love! (omg, see photo...not realizing till I saw photo, coincidentally isn't it the lychee fruit imbues love?) Food was incredibly tasteful and appetizing with the drink very imbibing! My pores hydrate! A new place to visit for healthy sandwiches, meals and drink!Mr. Sandwich is a fast food, concentrated version of L.A.'s popular restaurant "Hue Thai" which specializes in "banh xeo" or crispy crepes. This Mr. Sandwich Cafe specializes in "banh mi" or sandwiches, as well as curry lamb, soups or "pho"(in Vietnamese, it is pronounced as "fa!"), flavorful pate, chinese meat loaf, and iced drinks. You can make a girl eat large but you can't make me do away a sandwich!
4	They have many items on the menu but I just can't get enough of #31 bahn mi!   Wash it down with a ice coffee and I'm a happy man.
4	This is one of the few Banh Mi restaurants around town. Fairly new and is located in the middle of the original Chinatown, near Volcano Tea. Had went here with a friend one day, in sight of trying something new and want to bring my friend to try new asian things (hes an african american that i am converting to asian...) :D Upon arrival of the restaurant, it was a small little restaurant, with maybe 8-10 tables seating approx 30-40 people. The service was mediocre. Sat ourselves down at a nearby table. Took a few minutes for a waitress to bring menus for us to look at. Each table has a newspaper clip by a food critic talking about the restaurant. When we finally got to see the menus, they had a variety of Banh Mi combinations as well as a "secret menu" that we had overheard from another table which included some noodle soups i believe. He had ordered a roasted pork banh mi and i had tried their special banh mi. Size is average (nowadays...) give or take about 8" cut in half. Amount of ingredients used is decent. Flavor was pretty good. Friend was pretty happy as well. Said the pork was pretty flavorful and juicy. Price for each banh mi is average at approx $3.50 each. On the side note, this place is cash only.
4	Excellent value! For two sandwiches, we spent only $7.00. The banh mi #37 was fantastic! Charbroiled pork, right amount of sauce and spices, crunchy daikon, jalapeno, and crispy French bread. We also had the #35 (chicken ) and it was pretty good. They also serve side dishes, Vietnamese desserts and boba tea as well. Nice little Vietnamese sandwich shop with a few tables for seating.
4	Banh mi is rarely ever bad, i mean if you have decent bread, some meat, and some pickles you're setting yourself up for some sort of minimal level of success. My banh mi dac biet (the cold cuts one) was exactly what I expected and by that I mean fairly delicious. Mr. Sandwich doesn't really set itself apart in any interesting way but when you've got a formula that works why mess with it?
4	It's hard to find good banh mi in this town. I was excited to find a place with pretty good reviews. The pickled veggies were perfect and the bread was just how I like it; soft on the inside and crispy on the outside.  I would have preferred they not use mayonnaise as the condiment of choice and I'll know for next time to request it with no mayo and peppers on the side. All in all, I was happy with my inexpensive dinner choice....and, oh joy, it tastes just as good the next day!  Yay leftovers.
4	This was my first time eating banh mi - and wow, I just loved it!  I ordered the roasted pork and my husband had the seafood, both were excellent and filling.  At $3.49 per sandwich, this is the ultimate cheap and cheerful meal.  They also have a special where you buy five banh mi and get one free.  I can foresee us going back for that very soon! Other plus points for me: they're open till 10pm, they welcomed us paying with a debit card and they have drinks I love such as milk tea and Thai tea.  I also heard from a fellow friendly diner that there's a secret menu with pho on offer - hooray, soup and a sandwich anyone?     First timers:  If you're curious about banh-mi like I was, head on down to this place and give it a go.  You might just find a favorite new food as I have!
4	So ever since I watched the food truck race across the U.S., I became obsessed with finding a vietnamese sandwich place that offered something similar to what the NOM NOM Truck had.  Granted, I've never had the Nom Nom Truck I couldn't compare the flavor of Mr. Sandwich's to it. Although, this is by far one of the best Vietnamese sandwiches I've had.  I ordered the #36 - Charbroiled Beef ---- which consisted of charbroiled beef, cucumber, jalepeno peppers, pickled radish and carrots, special mayo, and most of all EXTRA EXTRA CILANTRO!  I did wish the french baguette was a little thicker in size, but it was interesting cause I've never had a thin baguette compacted with flavor! OMG, delicious! The area of the place is clean, but there's an overwhelming smell that I can't seem to get over.  It's a heavy vinegar stench, that made me refuse to sit down and eat my sandwich.  Other than that, the servers were nice and it had a nice dim atmosphere to it.  I liked it, I just wish that smell would disappear.
3	I read up on some rave reviews in LV Weekly and I'm all about the unique fusions of cuisine, especially French/Vietnamese.  I haven't had a prior Vietnamese experience to compare it to, I went into it, well, a virgin.YUM YUM, was it good!  Mindblowing, no, but satisfying, yes.  At this point I've been there ten or twelve times and while the level of service and the portions of meat in my sandwich has varied, it's been relatively consistent.  Virtually everything on the menu (with the exception of the "secret menu" which is noodle soups), is french baguette meets some Vietnamese meat and lightly pickled veggies.  I really do not like greasy or heavily fried things, so a number of "pork this" and "fried that" were out.  My staple there is the Chinese Meat Loaf sandwich which is delicious without the "So yummy but man, I feel gross for eating this." The crunch of the bread with the slight bitter taste of the veggies meets the hot num-num-num of the meat loaf is awesome.  My portion of meat, however, varies depending on who is ringing me up.  I tried one of the veggie wraps with peanut sauce and it was okay.  Wasn't super impressed, but it was okay if it was lunch in a hurry.  I always get the iced coffee drink.  They have some bubble tea and such.  Decent enough.Interestingly enough, I hear the same songs (light, clean Hip Hop music) from the television every time I go.  But it's okay, that's how I discovered Janelle Monae.  But anyway, BOTTOM LINE: It's $3 and some change for a sandwich that is yummy, leaves you satisfied, and you aren't ashamed to eat.
1	i like this place's food, and that's why i continue to put up with their bullshit, but i swear if their food sucked it would've ended a long time ago.  i've dealt with nothing but idiot cashiers here who sometimes tell me they take credit cards, but don't know how.  then blame me that's it's my fault and i have to go get cash.  dammit, just because you don't know how to work your own shit doesn't mean i should have to inconvenience myself to go pay an ATM fee just to get you cash.  then today, this random ass spanish speaking cashier hands me the wrong drink i ordered, and i tell her it isn't right.  she then has the audacity to get the receipt, and be like, "see it is what you ordered."  REALLY?  you stupid bitch you're gonna grab the receipt and try and convince me that that's what I said?  you idiot, how about you have customer service and make it right???  is that such a hard notion?  I don't give a fuck what's on your goddamn receipt, I'm here for a sandwich, not to argue about what I ordered and what you misheard.  I swear to shit, one more fucking time and I'm done with this place.  Get your shit together for fuck's sake.
3	A primary contributor to the success of the Banh Mi is the intercultural marriage of the outer French baguette and inner Vietnamese contents.  What your tongue first meets is the bread, and that first impression better sweeps off your feet.  Okay, maybe not your feet, but my feet, since I've been eating Banh Mi's at least weekly for the last thirty years of my life.So the bread at Mr. Sandwich is decent, nothing for me to fall heads over heels.  It's all a bit too soft, not crusty enough.  However the contents are delicious.  The combination (Dac Biet) gives you quite a bit of cold cuts and their accompanying pickled cabbage and carrots are cut of thicker size, which is how I prefer it.  They also offer the omelet (Op La) which is the egg banh mi, not offered in most places (Hue Thai is the only other place I've had it in Vegas).Prices are average, I've seen less and more expensive in Vegas.  So for their sake, I hope they improve the quality on their baguette before Lee's Sandwich opens up down the road.
4	Best Bahn mi for the price I've tried. Perfect post-weekend sandwich.
4	I've wanted to try the Vietnamese sandwich on French bread for a while now.  This shop is located in the heart of Chinatown, Las Vegas.  Their staff was quite friendly and polite.  I had their sandwich with shredded chicken, hot pork roll, and banh cuon with mushroom and pork.  The shredded chicken was pretty satisfying with a light mild sauce and nice and crusty bread.  Pretty good for 3 bucks.  The hot pork roll was a little bland while the banh cuon was mostly just rice.  The crusty french bread was definitely the highlight of the meal.  I'd come back here to try another one of their sandwiches for a quick and satisfying meal.
4	This place has good Banh Mi (Vietnamese Sandwiches).  The bread is still soft, even after hours sitting in a to-go bag.They give you a generous amount of pate.  I hate other places that merely give you a smear of pate.The Banh Mi is authentic tasting.  They don't Americanize it here.There is a small dining area, but for sandwiches, just take them to go.Overall, a good place to get some Banh Mi around this area.
4	I love Mr Sandwich quick,tasty,and cheap what more could one ask for . I all ways get #35 charbroiled pork and the man gets #36 Charbroiled beef or # 47 chinese meatloaf the paradise shrimp are pretty tasty too . For the most part the food is consistent but have had bread that was a little on the too crusty side on a couple occasions but we eat here at least every other week the counter staff has all ways been pleasant and  I wish Mr Sandwich would franchise and open locations all around the country please
5	Instant hit! It all starts with the baguette itself! Soft, fluffy interior and crispy, crunchy exterior! I have been eating Banh Mi's for as long as I can remember and I adore them here!Banh Mi: They had a pretty decent list of various fillings but I wanted something more non-traditional, so I opted for the Chinese Meatloaf which was excellent.  (1st Day Visit)Chicken Curry: Broth was very flavorful while the chicken with bone-in was cooked perfectly, topped off with fresh scallions and cilantro! This particular dish came with a fresh baguette!  Let me tell you, I savored this one! (2nd Day Visit)Sugar Cane Drink: Delicious, not too sweet, just right! Besides this, you can order Bobas and other Asian Teas.Besides food on the menu, you can order various Viet desserts and snacks.  If you know what I'm talking about, they are your typical colorful, coconut flavored ones.The two sweet Viet ladies here were sweet, nothing major to complain about, order at their counter and they get right to business!  The establishment was very clean.I would prefer Mr. Sandwich over Lee's for sure!
5	oh happy day...absolutely delicious meatball banhi mi on perfect baguette.  they DO take credit cards, btw...a lot of places in the mall are cash only but not here.and that free bread pic that another yelper posted wasn't a coincidence...I really wanted to take a bag - but thought I'd save it for someone else...Lee's Sandwiches down the street isn't open - but getting my Hue Thai fix worked for me.
3	This place specializes in French-Vietnamese sandwiches: Vietnamese sandwich condiments nestled in crackling French bread.I thought the sandwiches were okay. They definitely do not compare to authentic banh mi (Vietnamese sandwiches) which are hot and juicy, but are otherwise decent. The house special was a mutual favorite though I would have preferred less mayo on all of them (too heavy). Everything is very affordable, and there's a buy-five-get-one-free sandwich deal!
4	Cheap and delicious! $3.50 for a sizeable sandwich is a wonderful thing. Staff is friendly and orders come out fast. My goal is to try everything on the menu, and I have yet to be displeased. Great place!
3	Still searching for the perfect bahn mi, but haven't found it yet. Generous with filling (charbroiled pork), but bread wasn't so great. It was hard, not crunchy. Like it had been cut in half and left out for a long time. I was there for a late lunch, but still... Viet coffee was great though - strong, not too sweet, not a retarded amount of ice.
5	I had the house special with the Pate and the Beef brisket Bahn mi. First about the Service. The employees are friendly. They make your sandwiches fresh which some places do not. They have a vast menu of appetizers and sand wiches and other dishes. All look very tantilizing. My sandwiches came out pretty fast despite a few people in front of me.I ordered them to go, but the Dining area looked cozy as well. I will definitely be a regular here when im back in Vegas on Vacation.
3	I've been looking for a place to get a good Banh Mi and was really excited to try this place based on the reviews. Overall, the sandwich was good, not mind blowing, but definitely would come here again. I got the charbroiled chicken banh mi and the chicken and pickled veggies were good. The bread was ehhh..... They had a lot of other sandwiches on the menu that I would like to try, so looking forward to my next visit.
3	its not lee's sandwhich
4	Love this place. The banh my is delicious...though it does not taste authentic (not sure if it is missing more cilantro, pickles or mayo) but all in all they are very tasty. Love their goi cuon and their thai style coconut dessert. Yum! Comparing it to Lee's Sandwich I would say that Mr. Sandwich beats them by far ...howver I prefer the coffee over at Lee's (just ask for less ice).
5	I live in Seattle, Washington and our China town is swamped with Banh Mi delis. I have had my fair share of different types of Banh mi, but none has ever been compared to the ones ive had at Mr. Sandwich. Mr. Sandwich has a variety of different types of Banh Mi, not like your typical pork or meat selection in small delis. My favorite ones are Charbroiled chicken and the owners original Banh mi Pho. The bread they use is amazing! They bake it fresh everyday which makes the bread soft and warm when brought out to you. Mr. Sandwich is great for a quick lunch break or sit down. The service is quick for when you wanna grab it on the go.  For a sit down lunch they have a nice cozy area nicely decorated for your enjoyment. Overall, its a great place for sandwich lovers. A must try!
4	Exponentially better than Lee's.  This was my first visit and I ordered the #35, Grilled Pork and was really pleased.  Reasonably priced and the overall atmosphere was good.  Will definitely be back.  Much better than Hue Thai and Lee's.  Would like to find some other Banh Mi comparisons but so far this place is pretty darn good!
4	Place is legit - though the quality of the bread fluctuates it seems randomly.  Sometimes it's nice and fresh while a lot of times it's just stale.  I know the sandwich is only like $3.50 but bread is cheap to make.  You shouldn't serve anything on stale bread.That being said, it's usually very good.  The veggies are pickled perfectly and along with the sauce you get that nice sweet and pickly taste you expect from a top notch banh mi.I wouldn't go there expecting much service.  We had a group of around 10 people and they botched our order, didn't deliver any sodas, and basically were clueless when it came to service.  But whatever, $3.50 for a nice sandwich!  How can you complain.  It's right down the street from Lee's - do yourself a favor and go here instead of Lee's.  It's in the 99 Ranch Plaza (big Chinatown plaza) to the right of the big staircase in the middle.  I get the #35
4	Love this place!!one of my favorite banh mi places. If I'm in China Town this is definitely where I'd for my banh mi fix. I prefer them over hue thai.
3	I thought I would give this place a try after reading the good reviews on Yelp. Well, I must say that I was not that impressed. I ordered their house special banh mi, but they must have mixed up the order or something, cause I only got one kind of meat in my sandwich. Once I brought this to their attention, they were quick to correct the order. To me their sandwich was just okay. Nothing special about it. Although their bun was fresh and crisp, it wasn't all that flavorful. I also ordered the iced coffee. It was quite good and you get quite a bit more coffee than the other new place.
5	Mr. Sandwich... I'm intrigued by you.  I have so many questions for you...  Is Sandwich your real last name?  How long have you kept your amazing mustache?  Can I touch it??  Is there a Mrs. Sandwich?  And if so, does she appreciate you?  I love Mr. Sandwich (I'm talking about the restaurant now).  The bread that's so soft, yet so crunchy on the outside.  If it was closer to work, I would be there all the time for lunch.  The grilled pork sandwich is money, you have to try it.  So cheap.  I can't just order 1 but 2 is too much.  So it's cool to go with a friend and get 3 so you can each eat 1.5.  Or in My T's case, you can get 2, his wifey eats .5 and he eats 1.5.  Pretty cool right??Anyway, 5 stars for amazingness and for value.  I love you Mr. Sandwich, the person, the restaurant.
4	March 29th, 2011Ordered: Charbroiled Pork Sandwich Honeydew Milk Tea with BobaPros:* Delicious Sandwiches !* Quick Service* they sell Boba too !Cons:* limited flavors on their Boba* service is subparTips:* if you have a group of 6... you can order 5 sandwiches and get 1 free!* If you do not want to wait in a long line at Lee's Sandwich, come here.* try my favorite... Charbroiled Pork!* they also have homemade goods for sale!  Okay for starters, I've been here numerous times.  I finally decided to review them after my last trip.  I came here to pick up a sandwich with my girlfriend before an INCREDIBLY fun Yelp event at the Artisan (Go Misti !!)We each ordered a Charbroiled Pork Sandwich and shared the Honeydew Milk Tea.  In comparison to Huey Thai's and Lee's, I must say this is my favorite place for sandwiches.  Mr. Sandwich has the softest bread of the bunch and the flavor of the meat was so tasty! As mentioned above, the service wasn't phenomenal, but this isn't a place I go to for service.  I'm here for some good sandwiches and that's exactly what they have.  I gotta say this is my favorite place for Vietnamese Sandwiches in Vegas.  I'm a fan !
2	So...I hate to give a place with high reviews low marks, but I really don't have much of a choice.The bread just wasn't crispy when I got it.The pork was juicy but didn't have any charbroiled/grilled taste to it, at all.They put a TON of mayo-y stuff on it that just really didn't do it for meAnd when i first bit into the sandwich and then subsequently looked inside it I wasn't sure there was any meat in it at all.TIPS: Don't order right after someone that ordered 6 sammiches, cause yours will take forever!
4	Looking for good banh mi? How about fresh, flavorful spring rolls? Or maybe you're in the mood for boba? Well, you don't have to search any longer because Mr. Sandwich delivers on all these levels and more! Not only is Mr. Sandwich convenient and wallet/credit card friendly (no minimum purchase required here!), they also have Free Wifi! Yes! So you can nibble on Vietnamese eats while surfing the web- a perfect match. I ordered the Grilled Chicken Banh Mi- flavorful pieces of chicken and pickled veggies sandwiched between a buttery, crispy baguette. Quite delicious. I also ordered Shrimp & Pork Spring Rolls ($3)- Two nicely sized spring rolls packed with lettuce, green onion, cilantro, shrimp and pork, with a side of sweet, slightly spicy peanut dipping sauce. Fresh and healthy. The place is clean and the workers are friendly- extra points. I think I found my new hangout in Chinatown when I'm in need of Internet and tasty treats.
3	This was my first experience with banh mi, we sampled the house special. I'm pretty clueless as to what veggies and cold cuts were on the sandwich but as a whole it was pretty tasty. I will have to try other varieties to see which I prefer.
4	Definitely one of my favorite places to get lunch.  It's easy, fresh and somewhat lighter and healthier compare to my other usual options.  I've had the house special, the charbroiled pork and the Chinese sausage.  They are all equally yummy to me.  The bread is fresh and crispy. The veggies are fresh and crunchy.  They also have boba tea.
3	Can't say anything bad really about this place. Its as Vietnamese as can be. The proportion of bread to meat was ok (it could have used a bit more meat IMO). There was a good amount of mayo and pate. The pickled veggies were fresh. It was your typical banh mi. Definitely better than Lee's. I also ordered their cafe sua da. It was a bit too thick.I'm giving this place 3 stars because of a lack of innovation in the sandwich, as well as not-so-great cafe sua da.
3	good selection, of course decently priced.
3	I am not an expert on the Vietemese Sandwhich experience, but this seemed good but not AMAZING.  The egg rolls we ordered were fantastic. The chicken curry sandwhich I ordered came with a side of bread and the curry in a broth style rather than a milk style curry. It was spicy and flavorful and more than I could finish.  The bread was very good as well. Things to be aware of: this is chicken, as in I picked out bones. This is not the  'white breast meat only processed meat' that you will get at other places. There is no menu listing out each ingrediant in each sandwhich, although the people were so nice I think they would have answered every stupid question we had. Looking at my husband's sandwhich and other people's plates I felt that the sandwhiches were not stuffed in the way I have seen Banh Mi before. Would I go again? Yes. Am I running back? No.
4	Banh Mi is delicious!  I usually stop here on my way into work.  I like the #35 Chargrilled Pork, my hubby likes the grilled chicken and our daugher likes the beef.
4	I've been to Mr. Sandwich quite a few times since my last review and felt it was time for an update. I have tried many sandwiches I adore here, but the one that stole the show for me and my fella was the seafood banh mi. I was almost tempted to raise my review to a 5 star for that one alone. It was flavorful and delicious. What's not to love. I highly recommend this place. So delicious. Their drinks are pretty good as well and at a price a lot cheaper than most of their neighbors.Love this place.
4	Well I love vietnamese Sandwiches...and being that I have had my share of these sandwiches in California...I know a good sandwich when I taste one.    The vietnamese charbroiled pork sandwich (Banh Mi Thit Nuong) is usually my usual.  I felt a bit adventurous so i order another type of pork sandwich but I don't recall what it was called in english.  It was sandwich #44 *Banh Mi Nem Nuong* and the bf order my usual: #35 Charbroiled pork sandwich.  Conclusion: I've had better Charbroiled pork sandwich at Dakao on Spring Mountain road also.  Their #44 sandwich however was awesome.  We also ordered the Vietnamese ice coffee...it was pretty good.  If you want a good, not to heavy lunch, free wifi for customers and good coffee, this is the place.  Being that its small (Lee's sandwich is a bigger but it caters more to the mainstream american -meaning ham and cheese.  Although decent, but personally to me..it isn't authenic), you get the more intimate, quite setting.  Try #44 sandwich and the coffee if you go! :)
5	CHEAP.YUMMY.MOIST...NOT LEE'S SANDWICHES!after being quite upset that Lee's Sandwiches across the street here (a vietnamese sandwich place of high recognition in California that i LOVE) was not crackin' with their hard ass bread and cold ass meat, I've come here a few times with my boyfriend. the verdict?NOM-TASTIC! the bread was fresh and warm and soft, and the meat is flavorful and not dry like some other places. I usually get the #35 charbroiled pork sandwich and even though i've tried the charbroiled chicken and beef, pork is still my fave. In addition to the taste, the service is not bad and the food came pretty quickly. The prices for everything (drinks to snacks to sandwiches) are also a little cheaper in general so I ain't complaining there! You must be crazy to pass up $3.24 for a fresh sandwich that leaves you feeling pretty content. It's never too busy and I actually like that because especially since asian restaurants in general tend to have shitty service, here they can focus more on you. The place is also pretty clean. This restaurant is typically good for brunch or lunch, or if you're in the mood for something on the lighter side.I haven't tried anything other than sandwiches but I def plan to soon. Unlike some other sandwich places, they also have a full-blown menu with pho and plates. I plan to update my review as soon as I do :)
3	For me, the bread is what makes or breaks a banh mi sandwich.  I want that crispy crackly exterior and warm, soft, fluffy interior.  Unfortunately, the sandwich I was given was neither.  Perhaps I received an old batch, I don't know.  I just know that the charbroiled pork, pickled veggies, and heat from the jalapenos were good, but the bread was just A-OK.  I was pleasantly surprised to see that Mr. Sandwich offers more than sandwiches, such as spring rolls, pho, desserts, and boba drinks.  I  ordered a lychee slushi with lychee jelly, and although a bit sweet for my liking- it was cold and refreshing on that hot June day.
4	When I went to Mr. Sandwich for the first time, I was overwhelmed. I stood outside the restaurant looking at the gigantic window menu longer than I should have. With all the time I was standing out there, you'd think that I was looking for Waldo amongst a wall of bahn mi pictures. But no, they just had a lot to choose from. And coming from someone as indecisive as I am, it could take quite some time to make a choice.After playing scavenger hunt with the menu, I decided to go with a spring roll to complement my charbroiled pork sandwich. Both were very delicious and light, yet made for a great lunch.Prices were very reasonable.  Service was quick and friendly. Spring rolls were refreshing. After devouring the sandwich, I can safely say that it's some of the better bahn mi that I've had in Vegas. Bread is pleasantly crispy, with the inside being both spongy and warm. The meat, very flavorful. A true winner.I absolutely love going to Mr. Sandwich. It's consistently great food that's well priced. All of which is enough to keep me coming back for more.
1	This place sucks. The wait after you order is ridiculous. The sandwich was ok. For some reason, when I was there, they ran out of bean sprouts and I saw the manager rush in 30 mins later with a small bag. Oh well, better luck somewhere else.
4	Great sandwiches...good introduction into China Town.  The food was good, good enough that I am glad they are at least 15 minutes away.  Sandwiches should not taste that good for 3.25.  More important the staff was very nice and help to some people out of their element.
5	I had the number 35 which was a charbroiled pork sandwich. This place uses very nice French bread. The veggies were very fresh!! I feel like they cut them fresh for each sandwich, doesn't taste precut and sitting around. It was only 3.49 Delicious!! One of the best sandwiches I ever had!!! The lady who took my order at counter was very helpful with my decision being as their menu is huge! Just to give you heads up the paper menu has a whole lot more items then you see on the wall or restaurant store front. Next time I would like to try a soup that I saw after the fact in this menu. Definitely be back I Love this place!!
3	Ouch Mr. Sandwich! You've cut the top of my mouth raw tonight from the bread of your bahn mis. This is my second visit to Mr. Sandwich and unfortunately, tonight was a miss. As soon as I picked up my sandwich, I knew something was wrong. The bread wasn't soft and pillowy like my last visit when I went at 11AM. Perhaps because it was 8PM so it began to get stale, but I think sandwich shops should have excellent bread at any time of the day. The fillings however, are delicious and spot on. I like the #31 which is the house special and has a bunch of tasty organ meats. I honestly have no idea what animal I'm eating or where it's coming from, but it's yummy regardless. So for now Mr. Sandwich, you will have to settle as A-ok with 3 stars and if the roof of my mouth is raw to this point again, I will sadly have to send my loyalty elsewhere. For all you deal lovers, it's buy 5 get 1 free on sandwiches, and some drinks (Thai tea) are buy 2 get 1 free.
2	For nearly $8 for a turkey club i was severely dissapointed when the bread ended up being stale and hard. And you could totally tell that the cheese was the cheap processed american slices type. Walking in it seems like they sacrificed quality food for a showy appearance.
3	Mr. Sandwich is  little strip mall place in Las Vegas' Chinatown on Spring Mountain near Valley View. It specializes in Banh Mi, the Vietnamese sandwich with the French heritage and bun. They have about 30 different varieties, and they all cost $3.24! They also have the drinks popularized in Taiwan and now ubiquitous in Asian establishments, MIlk Teas and Boba. Slushies with Boba (Tapioca balls) too. They are also $3.24! There are a handful of tables, some candy machines, and a few odds and ends variety store items to increase the store's total revenue potential. The sandwiches are ok. Pretty decent size. Not the best Banh Mi, but it is hard to beat their price/taste ratio.
3	They have good Vietnamese sandwiches and refreshing Thai Tea with boba.  The service is good but you must remind the cashier if you want to redeem any specials they have for she won't automatically do it for you.
4	My boys and I were very indecisive about lunch today.  I thought of getting dim sum with them, but didn't think my 5 year old and 3 year old would be much interested it it.  My husband wanted us to bring him lunch and I figured fried chicken from Church's might be okay.  As i was driving down Spring Mountain, I thought to myself, "There are so many better things than Church's fried chicken on this road."  I decided Mr. Sandwich would be the choice for lunch.I have been to Mr. Sandwich a couple times before, so the menu was familiar to me.  I got the #38 which is assorted seafood, I ordered a #42 for the boys, Chinese meatball, and my for my husband, a #36, charbroiled beef.  The assorted seafood consists of fried fish and shrimp plus your normal Bahn Mi toppings.  The other 2 sandwiches I ordered are self explanatory.  The sandwiches were great, as usual.  The bread had a slight crunch on the outside, but nice and soft on the inside.  The amount of toppings was just right to give the sandwich the perfect flavors.  The fish and shrimp in my sandwich were nicely fried, not overcooked at all.  The meatballs in the boys' sandwich were tender and full of flavor.  My husband liked his sandwich and had no complaints, so I think the beef must have been cooked to his liking.  I would recommend Mr. Sandwich overall.  The only thing about it is that the service is inconsistent.  I've had great service there and then mediocre service.  The service wasn't bad, just not good.  Ordering to go is probably better than hanging out there, but they do have free wifi.
5	Amazing! My parents and I were in Vegas for a conference and happened upon this shop and came back for almost every meal. Cheap and delicious! Also, great service.
3	I came here the other night because I was craving Banh Mi and I really hate the Banh Mi at Lee's Sandwich. I read somewhat good reviews abotu Mr. Sandwich's Banh Mi so I decided to give it a try.The sandwiches were definitely better than Lee's, but I have had better. Unfortunately, it was in California that I had better so I'm still on the hunt.I am, however, intrigued by the other items they have at Mr. Sandwich, so I will be back to try those. Until I find a better Banh Mi spot, I will be coming here to get them.
4	How can you not be a fan, fresh food, cheap prices, and clean atmosphere, and the food is pretty tasty for what it is. This is my go to spot for a quick, cheap lunch like so many im sure at $3.50 for a sandwich in times like this you cant beat it. I personally like the Chinese meatloaf as the sauce/ juice from the meatloaf is soaked into the already soft and pillowy bread and its a match made in Nom Nom heaven. I have tried a few other places and for me Mr. Sandwich is my place of choice for Bahn Mi hands down.
5	This place is the perfect lunch choice if you're tired of McDonald's or overpaying at a casino.  $3.50 after tax for a perfect banh mi.  I had 2 on Monday and then made sure to pick one more up  (another chargrilled pork)  for the ride back to LA.  Delicious, spicy, and loaded.  Next time I have to be in Vegas, this is my go-to lunch spot.
4	Come here if you don't like Lee's haha! It's so cheap and not bad at all!
5	All I can say is #35 or #36. Cheap and delicious. No question about it.
5	Ever enter a dimly lit room, while searching for something? You squint your eyes...feel around with your hands....then you give up, walk back to the front of the room, jam your toe into something....and then...you turn on the light?All of a sudden, you realize that the one item that you were looking for was sitting right in front of you the whole time! Friends of Yelp and the world....this best describes my search for Banh Mi in Las Vegas. I'd drive by Mr. Sandwich many times. My friend My T. is the Duke (with honors I might add).  I've had Banh Mi at Lee's and I thought it was good, then I even popped over to Hue Thai (seemingly related to Mr. Sandwich somehow)...but it still didn't quite knock it out of the park for me.Then on my lovely drive home, I finally stopped in. Yeah...it's pretty much the best Banh Mi that I've ever had. Bread, so perfect, you'd feel like you were sitting at a boulangerie in France....Meat so tender, you'd feel like...I have no comparison...it's just perfect.This is a small joint. It's WAY better than Lee's. They take credit cards, but they have more restrictive hours (not 24 hours). So you can't take a cab here after raging hard at your favorite Vegas clubs. Oh well.Make it a priority to eat here. Most sandwiches are less than $5 but taste like they should be priced at $50.Amazing!
4	I am staring to really like the Vietnamese Sandwiches, as long as I bring some minty gum with me to refresh after all the spicy garlic!!!!I passed by this place so many times and decided to pop in here.1.  Location - In the Chinatown Plaza Strip Mall on the west end.  Easy to park, if you know how to navigate asian drivers (ha ha) parking!2.  Price - All sandwiches seemed to be priced around 3.49.  Perhaps some were higher or lower, but generally, very well priced. This is a smaller place with a few tables, so be aware.3.  Sandwiches - For me it is very difficult to remember the names, but we ordered the following:No. 33 - Vietnamese Pork Loaf and Pate - Very tasty. The sandwiches with the pate are very nice. No 35 - Charbroiled Pork - Smooth and tender. Would order again.No 44 - Grilled Pork - Kids liked this alot.No 34 - Beef Brisket - High recommendation from the people working there, however, I found the brisket to be very, very tough with the tough chewy bits, so I did not care for this so much. No. 31 - House Special - I have no clue what was in this sandwich, but it was flavorful.No 38 - Assorted Seafood - Yeah baby.4.  Bread - All Sandwiches have a bunch of the vegetables and spices that make the taste so unique.  The bread is all french baguette style and it imparts a very nice taste and texture.5.  Resistance - I was in strong resistance for a very many years to try these sandwiches. I saw them all over the place and just ignored them, like I do Boba drinks. They were not in my radar.  However, now that I have tried it, it is very, very good.6.  Service - I am quite a rookie at this so I asked a lot of questions and found the service here to be fine. They in fact told me that if I ordered 5 sandwiches, I get on free, that was cool and overall, they seemed to be pleasant. I was there like at 3:00 pm, so it was not the busiest time.They seem to also sell other things here and some of it looks good like they made it  and some of it looks like they just bought a big pack of stuff from Costco ans selling the individual packs.GK says, check this place out.
4	I LOVE Mr. Sandwich.The first Vietnamese sandwich I ever had was from Lee's and I was surprised at how hard the bread was. I guess since it was my first time, I just assumed that's how Vietnamese sandwiches were suppose to be. Until I met Mr. Sandwich...I met Don here for lunch. Since I've never been here before, I told him to order me anything, so he got me a Charbroiled Pork Sandwich and iced Vietnamese Coffee. When you order to eat inside, the sandwiches come out in a little basket. Just by looking at it, I could tell the bread wasn't like Lee's at all (flaky and dry). I picked it up and immediately felt the softness. When I took my first bite, I just thought to myself "Flavorful, soft breaded Vietnamese sandwich...where have you been all my life?" The bread was soft inside and out and the charbroiled pork mixed with the veggies they put inside was surprisingly tasty. I say "surprisingly" because, if you've never had a Vietnamese sandwich before, the sandwich might look overly healthy and boring, but when you take a bite it's like a harmony of flavors. If I had to compare the bread here with the bread at Lee's, it kind of reminds of of when I go to Vons and they have the French bread sold in paper bags with a big opening at the end and also in plastic bags that are sealed. The paper bagged ones look delicious and they're soft in the store, but after a day in your kitchen it turns rock hard, whereas the plastic bagged ones stay soft all the time. Lee's is the rock hard bread and Mr. Sandwich is the soft and delicious bread. My Vietnamese coffee was AMAZING. I don't normally like when cream and sweetener is already added to my coffee, but they totally nailed it here. It wasn't overly sweet and it had the perfect amount of milk. It also had just the right amount of caffeine to get me through the day without feeling like a crackhead (I'm pretty sensitive to caffeine). Tips*If you need a place to get work done while getting your grub on, this place has free wifi
2	This is a sandwich shop that sells a variety of other items like candy?  Anyway, we picked out a couple of pork sandwiches to try.  The bread was crispy outside, soft inside, the pork was grilled and had good flavor, there were few veggies added to the sandwich and I think I ate mostly bread. I have had better Vietnamese sandwiches else where, so I would come back, but only if everything else is closed.
3	Mr. Sandwich offers Costco-like deals on food and bubble tea.  If you buy 5 sandwiches, you get 1 free, and if you buy 2 bubble tea drinks, you get 1 free.  This might be tempting for those coming in a large group.  I didn't try any of the sandwiches, but my husband did and he said it was very good.  I had an espresso mocha bubble tea which tasted more like Yoo-Hoo chocolate milk rather than a coffee drink, which was very disappointing.
5	This is my new go-to place for Vietnamese sandwiches!! I'm a Vietnamese gal from southern california so I was desperate when I moved to Vegas to find a good hot spot for Banh Mi Sandwiches. So Mr. Sandwich definitely hit the spot. Their bread is always so fresh, hot, and perfectly toasted. They have a very extensive menu of different Banh Mi sandwiches at a very resonable price! In addition to Banh Mi, they also have some other traditional vietnamese dishes on their menu too which aren't so bad. I haven't tried their Boba yet (since Volcano Tea is just next door), but I'll definitely try it the next time I'm there... and I have a feeling that's going to be pretty soon.
4	Our first visit was @ lunch time mid-week and the brisket and charbroiled beef were supreme.  Our second was in the evening; it was good, but the sandwiches didn't pack the same punch.  Perhaps the LOVE day time Mr. Sandwich has for his creations isn't so much shared by nite time Mr. Sandwich?  Please help nite time Mr. Sandwich find his mojo!
1	This is the reason why I give Mr. Sandwich 1 star.I really enjoy Lee's Sandwiches from So-Cal and was excited to see this random sandwich place with vegetarian options.  In I went.  The bread is soft and really good, the fake meats and tofu are really yummy selections, they have veg. spring rolls... they taste great... the problem is this:The first time I went in, my cousins and I ordered 5 sandwiches and got our 6th free.  They made my order wrong and gave me the wrong sandwich which was no biggie at all... except that as I ate I discovered a HAIR in my sandwich.  It was hard to get to them to let them know, but when I did, there was no real apology, just a "Ok, we can remake it for you." as if it was just a mix up order.I forgave them and went back the next day with my cousins to order more for the road.  The next day, as I bite into my spring roll, I discover again, ANOTHER HAIR in my spring roll.Mr. Sandwich you taste good, but you are not clean.  I'm never eating here again in Vegas.
3	My recommendation: Egg Omelet on French BreadThis place was "ok". Nothing too special. The sandwiches are good. The boba drinks are alright. Can't say anything is too amazing though. I didn't like the avocado boba drink. It tasted really milky instead of like avocados. The boba tapiaco balls were all gone within 5 sips. Service was average. Nothing really stands out about this place but I wouldn't be opposed to coming here again.
5	I really like the sandwiches here. I think I may just go buy a couple right now!I like their bread because it is crunchy on the outside and still soft in the inside, with a good french bread flavor. They meats (grilled chicken, and grilled pork) are good and I always ask for extra veges. I have ordered the breakfast egg sandwich because I was in the mood for breakfast, and it was different but tasty.
2	I really wanted to like Mr. Sandwich. I love me a good bahn mi so I was really looking forward to this, but the service was horrid! There was a teen/young 20 something emoish girl working the counter and she was downright mean. She literally rolled her eyes every time we ordered. I do like that they have a good selection of vegetarian fare and the prices are hella cheap, but jeesh the food isn't that great and the awful service make it hard to like. I don't know if I'll be back.
1	Had breakfast here today and I am definitely not a big fan. The food was pretty overpriced in consideration of the price they charged us ($34 for a meal of 3). The curry tasted TERRIBLE, and the other dishes were just average at best. It's definitely not special, and it's definitely not worth the price they charged us. The food also took quite a long time to prepare, considering how there were so few people there. "meh" at best.
4	Weird, I thought I wrote a review. I came here a long while back and thought it was a pretty solid bahn mi. Recently felt like having bahn mi again and remembered they had a large menu aside from meat based bahn mi so the BF and I came here for a pre theater snack. We both got the tofu bahn mi and it was really good. Somehow the tofu almost tasted like egg and the bread here is perfectly crunchy and buttery outside and soft inside. We also shared tofu spring rolls which were recent and I appreciated they offered a tofu option on it. Just a note, its pretty quiet, has cheap good food and boba drinks and free wi-fi so I think this would be a good spot to consider for studying or getting some work done.The bahn mi has stuck in my mind so much that I have been craving it. Now I want to try all the bahn mi in town, but so far this is a really strong contender.
5	I really enjoyed this place. I was on Vaca from Philly and bumming around C-town when i became pretty hungry. I stopped in for a sandwich and some bubble tea, and it was really outstanding.I had a Banh mi, number 35 i think, which had pork and all the veggies that you would expect on a long roll made of french bread. You know how it goes, the bread can make or break a sandwich, and this bread was all killer no filler!! really crispy and nice.I had some spring rolls to, and they were awesome!! They came with some peanut sauce that i spiced up with some hot sauce at the table. I also had a Coffee Bubble milk tea which was really great!! Best of all, everything was like 7 or 8 bucks. Oh yeah they have WIFI too.
5	I think they had a very large variety of bahn mi sandwiches which was amazing.  I had the charbroiled beef, and it was delicious.  They have an assortment of boba drinks as well.  The price is very reasonable, would go back here again.
2	I'm usually one of those people who likes to read the opinions of others when it comes to various restaurant reviews rather than write my own, mainly due to the fact that I'm a pretty lazy person. However, after my latest experience here, I felt the need to share. I do enjoy a good bahn mi. I think they're a genius invention. I've been to Mr. Sandwich's a few times in the past and their banh mis are pretty good and I think they're great for lunch or even for a snack. However, I don't think I'll ever go back simply because the service there is horrid (and they're sister store - Hue Thai - is closer anyways). Now I know what you're thinking...trying to find a good Asian restaurant (outside of hotels and The Strip) with great service is basically impossible and nonexistent. But I've never had an experience like today's. I went there with my mom to order for take-out and I added an order of almond boba tea. When I got my boba I knew it was the wrong order because it tasted like regular milk tea and the color was darker than what normally an almond milk tea would be. I went up to the cashier and told her that there must've been a mix up in the drink, in which she proceeded to argue with me. She replied, in a very annoyed manner, that I didn't order the almond milk tea, but that I ordered the regular milk tea. She kept insisting that I ordered the reg. milk tea. Who does that?!? Look, woman, I know my almond milk tea and what I received was definitely not my almond milk tea! She was definitely annoyed and pissed, and it was evident when she brought out the sandwiches and my correctly-ordered boba in which she just plopped it on the table and left without saying thanks or anything else. Seriously, I think if she tried to smile, it would've killed her soul.
4	I've eaten some pretty fantastic bahn mi in my lifetime, and Mr. Sandwich satisfies plus a little extra.Overall, best I've had in Vegas with the exception that they're heavy on the mayonnaise stuff. This mayonnaise issue concerns me as they have such a mass quantity of it laying around and several jars of Vaseline by the register. Curiouser and curiouser.Bread was inconsistent previous visit with the usual crisp on the outside, pillowy soft on the inside. Last sandwich was all soft. Pickled daikon and carrots, cilantro, jalapeno. Predictable meat options but also vegetarian options. Solid spring rolls. Or egg rolls, as they seem to be more commonly called in Vegas. Fresh coconut juice is always a win, and the boba is decent.Super extra kudos for having unique "Chinese meatloaf" option! This is by far and away my favorite sandwich here and one that'll keep me loyal.Buy 5 sandwiches, get 1 free. Each sandwich around $3.50.
4	Yumm...Bahn Mi! I tried the charbroiled pork. Very flavorful and a perfect light lunch. The other star was the baguette, soft interior with the crispy outside, that's what I'm talkin bout! The staff was not very pleasant but that would not stop me from going back.
4	Recomendation: Egg Sandwich and Avocado Smoothie.This is my favorite sandwich spot when I'm craving this style of sandwiches. It's the only one I go to anymore. I've gotten at least two other people hooked to this place.The egg sandwich is usually what I'm craving when I spot by this place. The bread is supposed to be hard but the eggs are a little wet so it softens the bread "just right" so you don't cut your mouth up trying to eat. The service here sucks. That's what's preventing that 5th star. They don't answer your questions, take forever to make your food and they aren't really open to th idea of haing a conversation. It's almost like they are upset you're making them work.
4	Delicious Banh Mi, a getaway from the strip and the price of entry: $3.49 for each sandwich. This is a place for simpler times when you just want to pass on the aiolis foie gras, and other things over the top from VegasTheir sandwiches are your basic Banh Mi. Traditional and great. The bread is freshly baked and soft on the inside. Can't go wrong with the number 1. They usually also have a buy 2 get 1 free milk tea / thai tea special running.
5	Absolutely love their sandwiches.  Bread is always toasted and sandwiches are  tasty with fresh ingredients.   Sandwiches are extremely affordable and establishment is clean.    Love you Mr. Sandwich.
4	chocolate slush is so good, not so sweet as I thought, lychee slush is so refreshingly sweet especially on hot days. I tried their pork yam plate, and I must say I would still go to Hue Thai. The service here is sincere, friendly, and much faster though. I'm proud to be a regular here :)
3	This is my go to when craving Vietnamese sandwiches. The bread is soft and they put the right amount of fresh ingredients in them. We like #31 & 44.  I would give it 4-stars if it were based on the sandwiches alone.We went here on a Sunday. The poor cashier was super busy today. All the free tables were not cleared off. We had to push baskets aside and ask to have our table wiped. It took a hot minute. Not her fault and she was super nice.  However, owners should definitely look into staffing accordingly.
2	worst sandwiches I ever had. Bread is no crispy and ingredients did not tasted fresh at all. I will go back to Lee's sandwich next time much better quatity.
4	Another Sunday & service was great this time around. Well staffed, tables clean & food came out very quickly.
2	How ironic that my 200th review is a Terrible 2 star review. For sure not what I had planned when wanting to try a new spot for lunch today :(My first and last visit I am sad to report Mr. Sandwich, you had one chance with me and you did not satisfy me so I shall continue my affair with Lee.I tried their grilled pork bahn mi and two shrimp spring rolls. The bread was DRY with very little filling inside of the sandwich, where is the pork? Also no extra house mayo was added as I had requested.The shrimp spring rolls were good and I enjoyed the sweet dipping sauce that came with them.When my order was ready I asked for Sriracha and the guy handed me a tiny little plastic cup with lid and pointed to a dining table and said, "you go get from table". That was odd and not very friendly or the type of service I am used to elsewhere.I won't be back however at least my curiosity is cured and I gave them a shot!Totally disappointed :(Lee baby here I come!
5	My most shameful admission on Yelp to date (there have been several):  I had never had a Banh Mi sandwich until late last week.   I don't have a good explanation for why.  I wasn't opposed to eating one.  Heck, I've even had and loved 4 or 5 Banh Mi burgers at Bachi Burger in my time without knowing anything about how I'd feel about the original sandwich it's based on.  Yeah, and here I am giving my first and only Banh Mi Sandwich 5 stars 33 years into my life.  I'm a complete and utter disgrace to my Elite status.It all started last Thursday, when I needed to meet up with a friend for a small business transaction (I don't know how to not make it sound illegal), and was ready to suggest going to Ramen Sora because I've been dying to try it.  My friend suggested Mr. Sandwich and I reluctantly agreed.   I say reluctantly because in my mind it just didn't sound that appealing to me, but I'm a complete food pushover and will agree to eat anywhere someone suggests within reason without any pushback.   Within 5 minutes I was on my way and 10 minutes later I was looking at the giant board of options.I quickly decided to go with the house special because it seemed like the most "standard" of options and I figured I should start there and then get more adventurous in future visits (hello Durian smoothie!)  I don't know why but I got a gatorade to drink.   Re-read my last sentence of the first paragraph.  Still applies.  Several minutes later my sandwich arrived and I was already impressed.  The ingredients looked fresh, the bread felt nice and soft yet with a slight crunch maintained.   I took a bite without any extra added sauce and really enjoyed the combination of flavors and textures the meat, bread and veggies provided (yes, I have had sandwiches before).   Then I started testing the sauce bottles that were present at our table and loved alternating between the hoisin and sriracha sauce because I'm a rebel like that.   I also tried a sip of my friend's jack fruit smoothie and for the rest of my meal looked at my gatorade in shame and disgust.  Fortune favors the bold.Oh yeah, it was about $4.50 for everything.   Stolen.   I will be back Mr Sandwich, get the Chinese Meatloaf and Durian smoothie ready for me.
5	Their grilled chicken bahn mi was so tasty! Everything was well packed in the sandwich. Lots of carrots, chicken, and better yet- a long piece of bread. I believe they had it on a french roll? The bread was nice and soft, not too crunchy or anything. For the size of the sandwich, I think it was pretty affordable for $3.24. I will most definitely come back when I'm in the area. Great service!
4	Great banh mi sandwiches!! I've had the charbroiled chicken #37 and charbroiled pork #35, both were delicious!!  The bread is crusty on top (which I know they usually are), but the four stars due to the roof my mouth being a little torn up from biting into this crusty bread!! :(  At least it tasted wonderfully fresh and the veggies were also fresh too!Suggestion -- order double meat, it's just $1 extra!!  There is very little sauce so if you like saucy, then request extra sauce too.  Sandwiches are cheap - $3, can't beat it!!
4	The girlfriend and I were hungry for some lunch and wanted to experience food beyond a Vegas buffet or high-end restaurant on the Strip.  So we consulted Yelp to find out where the locals go for good food.  We decided to check out Chinatown and elected to give Mr. Sandwich and its banh mi a try based on the recommendations of the incomparable Misti Y and Yuhi K.  Thanks, ladies!  It was a good call!Our cabbie dropped us off in the middle of large strip mall that was immediately recognizable as an international Asian center as opposed to a "pure" Chinatown.  We made our way to Mr. Sandwich, a small, combo banh mi/coffee shop.  The gf and I decided to split a shredded pork banh mi.  The Viet style baguette was fresh, appropriately crusty with a light, airy center.  I don't know if they make their own bread, but it was a good canvas on which to apply the meat.  The baguette was filled with a reasonable amount of savory, tender pork and topped with expected pickled daikon and carrots and cilantro.  For $3.49, it was a veritable bargain!  I washed my half of the sandwich down with a cup of Vietnamese iced coffee.  All told, while it may not have the most original or Vietnamese sounding name, Mr. Sandwich made a nice banh mi.
5	I stumbled across this sandwich shop while my husband & I were in the area getting his truck serviced.  I just wanted something quick to drink.  Well funny thing when I ordered my Cappechino slush I gave the girl the number on the board.  This board of sandwiches & drinks is so huge of a menu they put numbers in front of the description.  I told her I'll have a #38.....I should have said "D38" because the #38 was a sandwich.  I realized this after reading my receipt and promptly went up & ordered my drink too.  WOW was I happy with this sandwich!  I loved the bread, just the right textures of crunchy, toasty, & softness.  The ingredients were fresh (it was a breaded seafood) with crunchy veggies.  The service was quick, the food AND my drink were delicious......I'll be back!
2	The service on the other hand is kind of awkward. They barely speak english so a you're welcome and have a good day is out of the question.
4	I, along with six family members had dinner for the first time at Mr. Sandwich on Sunday 9/2/12. We felt like having Vietnamese sandwiches (banh mi) and after reading some reviews, we decided to try Mr. Sandwich.We ordered the following:#36 Charbroiled Beef $3.24#37 Charbroiled Chicken $3.24#44 Grilled Pork $3.24 (5 of these)Banh Bao $1.85 steamed bun with pork & Chinese sausage - this was yummy!2 basket of fries $1.99 - the fries were great!Thai Iced Tea with Boba2 sodasAll the sandwiches were tasty. Since we're not a fan of cilantro, we ordered them without cilantro. We loved the sandwiches with the spicy chili sauce in them. Next time, we'll ask them to toast the bread. Also, we would have preferred to have a little more meat in the sandwiches. We could have asked for extra meat.The restaurant was clean. And it was a great deal, costing about $4.60 per person!
4	My first time there! My sandwich was great, and the prices are really reasonable. Huge sandwich and a can of sprite under 4.50!Eating area was super clean, restroom not so much.
4	This place needs to be everywhere. I absolutely love it. Authentic Banh mi sandwiches and hot banh bao just like you'd buy off the street in Vietnam, & the cost isn't much more than that, either! $3.24 for what is essentially a (better) Subway 6-inch? Yes, please.Located in the Chinatown Plaza off Spring Mountain Road toward the Strip in the Las Vegas Chinatown. Their menu isn't available online - it's just a board of big pictures post on the wall - and they get really busy during lunch hour, meaning there's little space to sit inside and the wait for a mere sandwich is a bit more than I have to budget, some days. But it's the perfect late-afternoon spot and a good banh mi (perhaps accompanied by a black iced coffee, thai tea or an avocado shake!) is a really good hangover kick. LOVE that they always ask if you want the boba, because I don't like boba but if not prompted I often forget to request my drinks without them.Buy five sandwiches (in the same purchase), get one free! I can get lunch for a week in one quick errand ;) I've reposted much of the menu here, minus several hot plate-entrees, so that you can get an idea of what's offered, and/or call in an order for take-out. BANH MI (FRENCH BREAD SANDWICHES)31. House special on French bread.32. Cold cuts on French bread.33. Vietnamese pork loaf and pate on French bread.34. Beef brisket on French bread.35. Charbroiled...[I'm assuming charbroiled pork, tho the menu doesn't specify..]36. Charbroiled beef...37. Charbroiled chicken...38. Assorted seafood...39. Shredded chicken...40. Sardines...41. Shredded pork skin...42. Chinese meat loaf...43. Egg omellette...44. Grilled pork...45. Tofu...46. Sunshine egg (sunnyside up)...COMBO PLATE MEALS47. Chinese meat loaf with French bread.48. Sunshine egg combo (fried eggs, French bread, sides).49. Beef stew w/French bread.50. Curry lamb w/French bread.51. Curry chicken w/French bread.VEGETARIAN SANDWICH (BANH MI)52. Vegetarian charbroiled pork w/French bread.53. Vegetarian charbroiled chicken w/French bread.MISC.54. Sunshine egg combo with bacon.--. Banh boa (flour dumpling with pork, chinese loaf, egg, onion, spices).APPETIZERS1. Spring rolls with rice paper.2. Egg roll (fried).3. Grilled pork roll with rice paper.4. Pork skin with rice paper.5. Paradise shrimp in batter.6. Tapioca cake with pork and shrimp.7. Fried shrimp roll. 8. Chicken wings.9. Steamed rice cake with shrimp.10. Vietnamese crepe.11. Thai beef jerky.12. Vegetarian spring roll with tofu. DRINKSVarious Thai teas/coffees/fruit shakes, with or without boba. Average $3.00/drink.
4	The beef and the pork banh mi's are great!
4	I stopped by Mr. Sandwich after a delicious ramen dinner, since I always need a sweet ending to my meal. I ordered the Taro milk tea with boba, my favorite. I loved the flavor of the taro and it had the perfect amount of boba. The boba itself was cooked perfectly. Yay!  It was the perfect dessert. My friend ordered a cappuccino slush and that was tasty as well. Now I really want to go back and actually try their food. They seem to have many options and they all looked great.
5	I had Mr. Sandwhich around 1pm, the parking lots are full so be patient. I grabbed the egg sandwhich with lamb curry with mango bubble tea. All I can say was great price, tasty egg sandwhich (I dont even like the thought of a egg in a sandwhich unless its egg salad) was so tasty. The lamb curry was spicy and the lamb was cooked perfectly. This place was busy but Im glad I went there for brunch!
3	I come here to order ice coffee with coffee jelly and the occasionally coconut milk desserts. However, I wouldn't order anything else. On several occasions I tried the sticky rice desserts and they were rotten when I opened them.
5	Mr. Sandwich tasty and delicious authentic Vietnamese sandwich. Love this mama papa's shop!
4	I have eaten here a few times.  There are pictures everywhere of the food on the menu so its easy to see your options.  The first time I had a special combination banh mi sandwich for $3.24.  Ain't cheap as little saigon in socal but beggars cant' be choosers.  I think its way better than Lee's sandwiches, but i've never liked Lee's quality of sandwiches to begin with.  I would get it again but first, I would want to try other flavors.I have also had the banh cuon combination with fish sauce which is $7.99 and super filling.  I have also had the banh cuon meat and mushroom for the same price but it was much smaller and didn't come with the fried sweet potato.  I would say to stick with ordering the combination since you get more bang for your buck.Even though prices aren't super cheap, the food is pretty authentic and the flavor is good.  this place isn't crowded all the times i've been there and it's pretty spacious so you can eat your food in peace.  Plus this place is super close to my work so its very convenient.  I wish they had a frequent diner rewards card here, I would eat here much more.  As for the service,  its usually pretty quick in my experience.  i order my food and sit down and maybe 5-8 minutes later they bring my meal and beverage and I start to chow down.  But keep in mind,  there have only been probably 2-3 other customers in there either dining or waiting for there to go order during my visits.
4	Great sandwiches at low prices. I tried something new #77 the best combo and it was yummy. The fried bananas were bomb too!
1	Came in right before closing and ordered two bahn mi sandiwches - one pork for the homie and one tofu for me - to go and fresh veggie rolls. No one was there and it took more than 20mins.When we got to my friend's house, about a 5min drive, the rice paper had completely ripped off of the fresh rolls and I was left with a shitload of wilted lettuce and a small piece of tofu. Even if the paper hadn't ripped, the roll was gross.The sandwich wasn't any better. The bread was stale, chewy, and not toasted at all.
1	This place kinda ticked me off. I tried the BBQ pork sandwich, which was just "eh". My bf ordered a combo and it wasn't bad. We ordered spring rolls and did not want the stale ones that were sitting on the rack by the register. The kid told us they would make fresh ones. We get our sandwiches and wait for the spring rolls. They don't come out. I went up to ask the kid about the spring rolls and he said "oh, right, we'll make them, just wait". So we waited- about 30 minutes altogether. I went up to the kid again and asked about the spring rolls and he said he forgot and to just grab the ones on the rack. They were GROSS! The lettuce was old, the rice paper was old, the shrimp were rubbery, pork gross.... Just gross. I was also disappointed that for a Vietnamese sandwich place, the cashier didn't speak Vietnamese and all the yelling I heard in back was in Spanish. I more than likely will not come here again.
4	Best sandwiches in town!
4	Accidentally discovered this gem by way of a GPS misdirect. What a delicious accident.Had a banh mi special and a boba milk tea. Lunchtime heaven, and very inexpensive. Way better than anything I would have had on the strip. Would definitely go again.
4	#74 on the menu, delicious. the price is very fair, not expensive at all, and can be filling.
4	Oh I love me some Banh Mi sandwiches. I ate there yesterday, my girlfriend and I got 3 different sandwiches. The seafood sandwich (#38) was by far the best thing we got. The combination of the fresh veggies, herbs and the fried fish, plus a great sauce equaled a great sandwich. The Chinese meatloaf (#42) was pretty darn tasty, perfect ratio of meat and refreshing ingredients. The house special (#31) was okay, but my least favorite of the three. The star of the show in the house special is the veggies.A big bonus about this place is they have boba. Now I personally cant stand boba, but my girlfriend loves it. The coconut milk tea was pretty good. The only bad thing about Mr. Sandwich would probably be how cramped it can feel when they are busy.
3	I've had better. Cucumber was soggy, bread wasn't as fresh as I've had at other places, and the mayo concoction on there was too much. I enjoyed the honey lemon tea.
2	Small location located in china town...it looks kinda dingy when you walk in, especially compared to the giant Lee's sandwiches a block away. Everything is marked up (though still cheap for Vegas) as compared to California ($2.75 for THREE spring rolls in the 626, here is $4 for two). But hey, when you're desperate for some asian yummies and you aren't willing to shell out $8 for non-legit spring rolls on the strip, you gotta go somewhere, right? The desserts are pretty yummy...pandan-coconut milk-coffee jello is a bit too sweet. Coconut milk with taro, yam, and tapioca is super yum. Spring rolls are squishy...shrimp ones (goi cuon) is very squishy and mostly rice paper. The vegetarian spring rolls are insanely dry. And yet...I keep coming back :X Mostly for the desserts!
4	#36 is the best sandwich on their menu..is so tender with a little hint of spice..delicious and cheap!!! I come to this place every time I'm around China Town.
3	About a 3 1/2 star for their bahn mi.I love 'mi' a good Vietnamese sandwich.  The blending of influences from French and Asian cooking cultures have created the love child that is now one of the ultimates palette busters, BAHN MI!  A really good one can send flavor explosions through your senses like you wouldn't believe.  A simple sandwich, imagine, can create the most complex notes on your tastebuds!  By far one of my favorite types of sandwiches to have, next to a grilled cheese on buttered plain white bread with two slices of Kraft singles and pickles (oh the nostalgia).Mr. Sandwich makes a decent bahn mi.  It's not my favorite, but it fits the bill when I'm in Chinatown doing some grocery shopping and I have the brood with me.  I can feed a family of four for little money.  At $3.50 each plus tax it's a pretty good bargain (though yes I know it's much cheaper in Cali).  Don't forget their 'Special'...Buy 5 bahn mi, get 1 FREE!  I know the math is off, but I usually eat two of them on my own or we just take the leftovers for lunch the next day.Taste wise Mr. Sandwich makes a good bahn mi when everything is FRESH.  I stress FRESH.  Crappy stale French bread, sitting meat, and wilted veggies do not make a good bahn mi.  That crisp along with the cold cuts or grilled meats is what makes a bahn mi so special.  When the French bread is made earlier in the day and it's crusty on the outside (not hard) and a bit chewy on the inside, you're in for a good bahn mi.  As long as they don't screw up your toppings!My family loves the Mr. Sandwich #31 House Special, which for those of you who are new to bahn mi, involves some sort of liver pate, head cheese, and pork loaf.  Yes, if you're not into liver or those tasty bits of meat and cartilege from the head of a pig the House Special is some adventurous eating.  But give it a whirl, it's not as stinky tasting as you think!  The combination of French bread loaded with the cold cuts, crisp veggies like cucumber, daikon, carrots, cilantro, and jalapeno, and the sauce of mayo, hoisin, and for me hot sauce...is heavenly.  Like a dance on your tongue!  Tis' tasty is what I'm looking for.I also enjoy the #35 which is their charbroiled pork bahn mi.  Delicious as well.  I always ask for a side of extra veggies to go with my sandwiches.  I kind of like mine loaded with colors.  My only gripe is that sometimes Mr. Sandwich does skimp on the meat a bit and you can end up with more of a vegetarian bahn mi than anything.  I also wish the sandwiches here were a bit bigger, other places around Chinatown that serve bahn mi have longer French bread.  Do yourself a favor though, don't wait too long to eat your bahn mi!  The French bread can get a bit too hard on the outside, and the fillings can make the inside overly soggy.  A bit of a no-no.Mr. Sandwich also has other appetizer items on the menu as well as boba and milk drinks.  This place was made for sobering up after a night of dancing like PSY and drinking copious amounts of soju!  I also suggest you try the fresh spring rolls with peanut sauce, and the fried egg rolls (so good wrapped in lettuce and dipped in sauce).  The interior of Mr. Sandwich has lots of seating and is pretty clean.  Although you will notice that a lot of the patrons there actually take their bahn mi TO GO.  So expect a lot of in-and-out foot traffic.  The service is OK, but don't expect to be doted on.  Things can get very busy especially around lunch time, so your cashier may just take your order then disappear again until your order is ready.  The workers there move fast since they usually do orders of six or more sandwiches at a time.  Talk about lunch rush!  Mr. Sandwich....EAT FRESH!
4	I eat here at least once a week.  They're fast, cheap, and tasty.  The bread is always fresh, and they don't skimp on the meat like at Lee's down the street.  Also, you can't beat buy two get one free boba thai tea.  It's small, and usually pretty busy, but you never have to wait too long for your sandwich.  A far cry from the places I'm used to in the Bay Area, but gets the job done, when I need a quick bite.
3	I stumbled onto this small Vietnamese sandwich joint after getting lost in Las Vegas Chinatown.  Well- it's not really much of a chinatown - more like a string of Asian mini malls along Spring Mountain Rd.I picked the grilled pork and Thai iced tea with boba.  The sandwich was large, with lots of filling inside.  The best part for me was the crispy, delicate bread.  Not too chewy, and easy to chomp on.  The fillings seemed homemade rather than a large vietnamese sandwich chain.  The sausage slice was thick, and complimented the perfectly grilled pork inside.If I ever get lost in Chinatown ever again, I know where to get my grub on.  3 outta 5 stars from me - they make a good, solid sandwich.
5	Finally found good quick food in the shopping center!  The staff was super friendly and fast. The food is incredibly affordable 7.00 for 2 people to eat.  Don't let the price of the sandwiches fool you, they are all foot longs.  The asian basil(?) they put in the sandwiches pack a punch!  I'm Korean-American and I'm not even used to this kind of spicy.  The Special was delicious, highly recommend it.  We also ordered an coffee milktea. I gotta say the Tea part of the milktea tastes interesting.  My girlfriend loved it but I couldn't take it.  Will come again!
2	What a disappointment. Tried this place when my favorite noodle place was packed. This place was quiet. I should have known better. There were several people in the kitchen eating and all were  hanging out.My bahn mi sandwich was quite ordinary. The bread was not fresh, the vegetables had no flavor.While waiting for my soup (#90) to arrive, a person came through the back door and I watched as many pots and containers of food went into the kitchen. It seems that the food is cooked off site and  is delivered.When my soup arrived it was also quite ordinary. The noodles tasted like rubber, the meat had no flavor, the veggies tasted like they had been stored too long.There are many places that offer much better options. My recommendation would be to go next door to the Noodle Pot for good soup.
1	I've been frequenting this place because I work nearby and because their goi cuons and sandwiches are reasonably priced. After purchasing several spoiled or near spoiled goi cuons and bi cuons (prepackaged by the register), I tried to order fresh from kitchen (on several occasions now because I'm forgiving and optimistic). Doesn't work that way. They insist on putting the ones that sit out into my to go bag even when I inform them my past orders have been practically rancid. Once, the lady in the back just screams at me declaring she just made them. So I said fine and took it home to eat. It was not fine. Also, their AC hasn't been functioning lately either. With the temperature that warm they seriously shouldn't even have food sitting out. I'm tempted to report them to the health department for allowing food to sit out in the temperature danger zone. They obviously don't practice food safety because this is the worse condition my stomach's been in thanks to their consistency in serving food unfit for human consumption. I'm officially over Mr. Sandwich, Hue Thai, and every other place they own.
4	Buy five, get one free? What a deal! Still loving this place
4	This is my go to place for Vietnamese sandwiches, especially if I'm on the run and it's a hot Las Vegas day.  When Mr. Lee's first opened....I heard all the hype and thought I would give it a try...well I came running back to Mr. Sandwich.  The bread and meat quality are far superior at Mr. Sandwich.  They have just enough liver pate so that it doesn't overwhelm the flavor of the sandwich and make it overly salty.  My favorite is the house special and the Chinese sausage banh mi.  Relatively cheap  as well, $3.50 a sandwich with a buy 5 get 1 free promo all the time.  The shrimp summer rolls with peanut/hoisin sauce are delicious as well.
4	I've been on a small banh mi rampage recently, trying to find some of the best in town...which leads me to Mr Sandwich!What separates these guys vs the others I have tried so far...the bread! The bread is much more soft and flavorful here! Easily the best bread I've had vs the other 3-4 places!The filler is good, flavorful and tasty. I feel like the goodies inside aren't as good as Dakao for example, and I feel like I have a little less meat and goodies and spend a little more money in comparison, but the difference in the bread trumps those setbacks IMO!  Boba is good here...a bit on the sweet end.  They probably add sugar and/or maybe use powder mixes, but still good!A few pics below :
5	This is one of my all time favorite places.I have brought everyone here. I love this place. Banh Mi is always fresh and yummy. Big selection to choose from and always great service.
2	Just ok. Not the best sandwich i've had, Not the worst. The price i paid for my sandwich was 3.50. Not tooo bad i suppose. I just wish it was a little bigger. Kind of about the equivalent of 6 inches or less. The bread was a bit stale tasting, hard and i bit down too hard being a bit hungry and cut the inside of my mouth a bit. Kind of stung a bit.was a bit dirty when i came in, wasnt too busy either, maybe someone made the mess and left and the employees haven't caught it yet. Sandwich was ok, Service was good, but everything could definitely improve.
4	I ordered the egg and the charbroiled pork sandwiches. The egg was excellent and the pork was good.
1	Will never go back.  Young Vietnamese cashier attended to us (Dan his name on the receipt) one Sunday 8/18 has no customer service.  It was as if we are inconveniencing him ordering our breakfast sandwich to go.  We the customers are the reason for their business.   Sandwich blah as well.  Nothing special so no reason to patronize.
2	The place is really nasty, dirty baseboard with sticky food, dirty chairs and sticky too. Toilet is small, dull and dirty. I don't think I will ever come back here. Service is slow and hardly understand the cashier lady, language problem. And too darn hot in here.
2	The food was decent, but this place needs to teach their staff proper service and sanitation. The woman who take my order for bubble tea also handled the cash then brought our drinks out while touching the straws with her hands. So gross and unsanitary..
5	My favorite place to get Chocolate milk tea boba. Always a consistent taste and amount of boba in my drink.
3	I just came in for a char pork banh mi. It wasn't horrible but nothing I would come back for. The bread wasn't crusty at all like a nice French bread should be. The pork wasn't charred either. It looked like it was boiled. I did like how the put big pieces of vegetables inside the sandwich. It gave nice texture to the sandwich. They also put a good amount of mayo which most places don't.
5	Delicious banh xeo and banh cuon! So far never had a bad sandwich here. Lee's sandwiches, the bread is sometimes stale and tastes very bland.Extra bonus, no minimum amount needed to charge your credit card!
4	Delicious and great deal. I've never ordered a sandwich here and not enjoyed it and it's cheap. Only $3.50 for any sandwhich and if you buy 5, you get one free! Plus they have buy 2, get one free on their milk or Thai tea. I love picking up lunch here.
5	Buy 2 teas get 1 free! We ordered the thai tea and a bunch of sandwiches to go. The thai tea was yummy!!! The sandwiches were delicious as well. They didn't skimp on any ingredients and it still tasted great hours later! (We bought them to eat after partying and knew they wouldn't be open that late)
1	Unbelievable! Walked in and trying to order food to go, stood in front of the ordering counter but no one to greet us for over 15 minutes! ! They were just passing us the whole time.. really? Are we invisible? ? WOW!! Of course we walked out without any food in our hands! HORRIBLE! Sorry, they just don't need our business I guess...
2	Been on a banh mi binge this past summer. My go-to place is Pho Milan on Eastern as they have it all that you look for in a banh mi; lots of meat, tasty sauce, heat, and soft baguettes.  I wanted to try this place since it received great reviews but unfortunately, i was disappointed.  It was bland and was sparse on the meat.  I had the grilled pork banh mi and egg rolls.  You can't go wrong with the egg rolls but as far as the sandwich, i didn't care for it.
1	If I could give this place a negative star rating I would. Food is awful and service is the same, awful! Save yourself and go somewhere different.
1	Used to love this place when I worked nearby. I went by for a banh mi and they got my order wrong. The girl gave me an attitude when I told her and tried to charge me again! I swore I'd never go back but later gave them a second chance. I ordered about banh mi and waited a good 20 min. There was about five people in the restaurant, at one point I went up to the register and the guy handed me my to go bag without saying anything. It was sitting there the whole time..I was sitting right in front of him.
2	Mr. Sandwich used to be our go-to spot for Vietnamese sandwiches and spring rolls. We even recommended their sandwiches over big name competitors. Not anymore. Today my girlfriend and I got our standard spring rolls and charbroiled beef sandwich. The spring rolls were so bad that my girlfriend had to spit out a bite of it. I thought she was exaggerating, but I had the same reaction. And I can usually eat anything. I'm fat. Real fat. The sandwich wasn't bad, but it wasn't exceptional either. Lee's is a much better option down the street. I really hope the quality of Mr. sandwich goes back to what it once was.
2	Sand witch was smaller than usual. The bread was stale tasting, not crispy as french baguette
1	Place is cheap but too understaffed for the size of the menu and to provide even mediocre customer service. There are two numbering systems for ordering so say the name of what you want as well. My wife finished her pho before I even got my almost meatless sandwich brought out to me. Place is great if you are ordering takeout sandwiches, especially if you call ahead. Otherwise don't bother, spring rolls aren't fresh and the pho is too oily.
1	Terrible service. Bland banh mi. Sad to say but Lee's Sandwiches tastes better. Only thing positive is their bread, softer than most banh mi places. If you want to be overcharged for food, get half a sandwich size compared to Lee's and like tasteless meals I highly recommend this place!
1	5 workers behind the counter1 table of customers already eatingNo other customers waiting to order, etc15 minutes for any service or any acknowledgement!!!Definitely something wrong with this picture.Finally, after waiting for someone to take our order. She doesn't know what's on their menu. She wasn't fluent in either English or Vietnamese which is also perplexing. (The sign outside the door states "Vietnamese cafe")We ordered 2 sandwiches and pork chop rice (com suon nuong - #71). She said they don't sell pork chop. We had to show her the menu and she still looked confused.She realized that they did sell pork chop rice and rang us up. I looked at the receipt and she charged us for 2 sandwiches and a Thai BBQ.We quickly brought it to her attention. She argued that it was the same thing at first. Then she said she had to charge us more than what the menu stated because they changed their menu. Therefore, she charged us for a more expensive item but will still give us our pork chop rice. Already frustrated, we were not in the mood to continuing arguing with this incompetent woman.The most important reason for the lack of stars is the disappointment in food.Both sandwiches combined were equivalent to one sandwich from Lee's. It was so small that I could finish the entire sandwich in 3 bites (Slightly exaggerated). In addition to the size, the sandwich was bland and lacked pate.In conclusion, if you're craving a Vietnamese sandwich (banh mi) in Vegas, just go to Lee's.....
1	INFURIATING!Food:Banh mi stale and bland. Ingredients not fresh. Boba is instant. Did they pull the food out of their ass not the kitchen? Service: I ordered three large boba, but they gave me three small. Instead of giving me more, they put it in a larger cup and filled it with ice. When I told them I saw them fill it with more ice they told me "we could throw it away for you if you like" when I barely took two sips. RUDE. RUDE. RUDE. Attitude problems. Like what other reviews state, 5 workers and only one of them is working. The other four were sitting at the table and telling jokes and gossiping...Waited probably half an hour for the food. Seriously? This isn't a gourmet meal, you're putting together a sandwich.I would give them 0 stars if I could.This is family owned and operated and they're not viet either. I have never been more displeased with any dining experience in my life.Take your money and go else where.
1	Being Vietnamese I loving Banh Mi I was shockingly disappointed in this place.  Everything I tried tasted off and not fresh.  I was only able to finish 1/3 of the Combo banh Mi before I gave up.  The banh Cuon was even worst.  The meat inside the rice noodle wrap fell apart which is when I notice rice paper wrap could not be fresh.  It was like they bought factory prepared wrap and assembled it there.  The only semi decent item I tried was the Bi Cuon chay (pork spring roll).  Unfortunately it's not enough for me to return.
1	This place was just horrible. Why would you make customers wait 10-15 min before telling them that you dont have what they ordered? Service was bad, the food that we did receive was mediocre at best. They offered a wide selection of food but about half of their menu was out of stock. Seriously, how do you not have eggrolls?
1	The service was abominable.   Didn't have what I ordered and didn't reimburse my credit card.  Food was aweful.  Don't fall for the picture menu. Doesnt look anything like the pictures hinted.  I hardly give any reviews but felt compelled to do so for this horrible establishment.  You have been warned. Avoid at any cost
1	This place sucks.....seriously.....I order 2 sandwich n a avocado smoothie. The house special and a char-chicken sandwich. It was not tasty at all n the bread was falling apart in our hand and the avocado smoothie is made of condense milk avocado and some sort of veggie....it was nasty....never again will I order from them.....EVER.....
4	The service is horrible here! Guy wearing glasses is very rude. But the sandwich makes up for it. I love the number 27 pork meat loaf banh mi. The egg rolls here are also delicious. I prefer this place for the banh mi over LEE'S sandwich. Don't like the drinks here. I got the avocado smoothie and it was gross!
3	What happened to the quality of their sandwiches?  Bread is no longer toasted or grilled.  Flavor is not the same.
1	I used to love it. Now their tea is watered down and no taste. Their sandwiches are of lesser quality and they no longer have the things they need to make it. The have run out of supplys like no more Boba no more chicken. Just annoying.
4	Where can you get a sandwich and a bubble tea for under $8. The service is pretty fast and no tip necessary. I come here all the time when I'm visting Las Vegas. Looking forward to my return trip to Mr Sandwich. I give it 4 STARS.
2	I didn't get a sandwich (which I probably really should've) so this review is strictly based on their curry. THEIR CURRY MAKES ME WANT TO GAG. It's so runny that it's basically like drinking soup. I also added beef to it and it was chewy. The curry tasted awful. Every bite I took would lead me to wanting to wash the taste down with water. All of my friends took a bite out of it and didn't like it as well. I'll change my review once I try their sandwiches.
3	Can't beat spring rolls for 2.99, I actually went to the new location across from UNLV Pho starts at 5.99 and Banh Mii sandwiches for 3.50 can't beat those prices and the service was friendly. Food was good if you go between noon and 3pm expect a bit of a wait.
4	I usually go to the location next to UNLV for their pho. But I was near so I decided to have a sandwich here. I had the #25 House Special. When I walked in, I was looking at the menu and no one was at the register for a little bit. It was a bit awkward. The workers were all sitting at a table talk and I was confused.... Like is anyone gonna help me? Over all my food was great, the bread was warm when it came out. But little parts of the bread were really hard. I would come back here again! Sandwiches are really good.
5	Good sandwiches! Fresh baked bread, each sandwich fresh made and a relaxed atmosphere.
1	Check your sandwich and your receipt before you leave if you order to-go! I ordered a house special but got an egg sandwich. It was disgusting! Also, was charged $4.50 for summer rolls when clearly on the packaged summer rolls it says $3.00 (the peanut sauce tasted very sour and I'm pretty sure I got food poisoning)! As I sat down waiting for my order to be made I noticed the tables had bread crumbs all over it and felt oily & sticky! The place was empty so there's no excuse for this (I now know why it's empty here). They really need to pay attention! Learned my lesson today trying a new place! I will go back to Lee's from now on! They get one star for their iced coffee but I can get that at any Vietnamese restaurant.
4	This is the third times I am back here now. they offer some quick Vietnamese foods & snacks that I love. Not a bad price, but quite authentic.
3	I go here when I'm feeling like a generic Lee's Sandwich. Food is good but not my first choice. I get the roasted thai slawbee, which also happens to be my comfort food when going through one night stand break ups.
5	Omelet sandwich is my favorite any time of day. Their bread is always so fresh, warm, and soft. Your not cutting the roof of your mouth with every bite.
