3	Jerry's is what it is- decent, classic diner food. Super cheap, too! I would choose to eat here over Denny's any day. Last night, Hubby and I had dinner here. The navy bean soup that was part of my entree was delicious, and so large a bowl we shared it. I had the pot roast, which was yummy and quite tender, but not at all fatty. It came with mediocre boxed mashed potatoes, decent corn, and really good Texas Toast. Hubby had a corned beef sandwich with grilled onions and green peppers which he liked well enough, and it came with macaroni salad that he loved. It was simple, but had lots of super crispy and fresh pieces of onion and celery.I have also had breakfast at Jerry's twice and both times it was delicious, with eggs cooked just as I ordered them. One caveat- the iced tea is super strong and had us up 'til the wee hours.Give Jerry's a try if you find yourself on Thomas across the street from the Stuffington Bear Factory.Three and a half stars.
4	Had to write a quick review to this place. It kicks Denny's ASS. The food is always done well, eggs made to order, fries always hot and crispy. Sandwiches are full of good, fresh ingredients, breakfasts are all delish. Waitresses are a good sweet/salty combo.My friend made a side comment the last time about wanting my pickle, because she had breakfast and I had a sammy. The waitress, without a word, came back to the table with a plate of the crisp briny spears. Nice xtra touch!All in all a pleasant,cheap, laid back, 24/7 diner, which is damn hard to come by in this day and age.
4	LoLo's chicken and waffles were my first choice but the 45 minute wait at 10:30am wasn't good for me so went here.  Place is huge and the waitstaff friendly and quick.  Food is greasy diner fair, which I loved.  They had a great dessert display case.  Breakfast for two, under $20.
4	This is a good place.  Great breakfast, nice service and a good cup of coffee.  Simple, clean and friendly like the way it used to be (and should be).  I visit rather frequently.
4	It's 4:00 am on a Friday, you've just finished listening to awesome music and drinking too much, you're starving and want some good comfort food to fill your gut and soak up that alcohol..... enter Jerry's.The place was open.  The place was clean.  The food was good.  The service was great.  The prices were great.  WAY better than a Denny's, better than most diner's I've been to, actually.I had ham and eggs and the plate was delicious.  The ham steak was gigantic, the eggs perfect, and hash browns were done just right... crispy and good.
4	Once again....another vote for the half star system on Yelp, this place is more like a 4.5 star...and Yelp needs to incorporate a half star system so I can rank it the way it should be.This place is 24 hours and with my schedule and insomnia it works out great for me. I have been going to Jerry's for a few years now..and as far as 24 hour places that are the perfect spot to grab a bite after a good night out on the town this is probably the best in the area to go in and chill at...I would say Jerry's has the rest of the close by place such as the 5-N-Diner on 16th St. and the two Denny's on Camelback and 16th and then the other one on 7th and Camelback beat by a mile!!Jerry's by far kicks all their asses. The service at this place is always excellent, they always have fresh pot of coffee, and this place just got remodeled about 6 months ago and has that kind of homey Cracker Barrel feel to it.The food is always good and they have an extensive menu of items to choose from, I would say some of my favorites are the Denver Omelet, along with any burger they have and their Southwest Turkey Sandwich is one of the best I have had anywhere!! I am not a big fan of Biscuits and Gravy but anytime I go here at least one person in my group has to order this, so it must be good. The have a huge variety of cakes and pies for desert in a display case behind the counter, I usually go with their sinfully sweet carrot cake. The booths are large and if your a bigger guy like me its always nice to be able to move around a bit and relax. I have come here to study read books for school and meet my friends and just kick back and relax. The only reason this place did not get 5 stars is because it seems that it could be a bit cleaner, even with the new remodel, there always seems like there is some jam or smear of something on all the upholstery and they need to do a better job of wiping down their tables and seats.But overall Jerry's is definitely a great place to go after the bar for a great meal and good service.
5	I had a turkey sandwich and a fudge sundae.  Mmm mm.  Jerry's is like a good version of Denny's or any of those late night diners.  It was difficult for me to wrap my head around the concept of a 'good' denny's, but their food is actually tastey, their booths are comfortable, it feels like a diner the way it's set up, and they didn't fuck up a sundae.  Oh and I didn't feel sick or gross after eating there AND I saved half my sandwich for later.  Now that's a level of diner food that is deserving of 5 stars!
4	I'm not sure why but I am always hesitant to go to restaurants attached to hotels.  It could be from a bad experience in my childhood that I don't quite remember, but I think it's starting to go away.  The husband and I decided to come here because we are leaving for Washington for 6 weeks this weekend and we were on a mission to only try new places to eat our last weekend here.  We stopped by for breakfast on Saturday morning.There were very few people in here, maybe 5 or 6 tables so we were immediately seated.  Our server was super nice in that cool-mom type of way.  She got our drinks quickly and refilled them often.  After a couple minutes perusing the menu and seeing lots of tasty things, I decided on the Rock and Roll Waffles, which is a thick waffle with bacon and eggs sitting on top of it.  Every time I order something like this, where there is supposed to be stuff on top of something else, they always serve it on the side.  Oh well.  The husband and I also decided to split a cinnamon roll as a pre-breakfast app.  The cinnamon roll was delicious.  It was sweet and gooey with just the right amount of cinnamon.  It was also one of those fabulously soft and chewy ones, not a crusty one.  It was especially delicious with a little bit of butter on it.  My waffle was also fantastic with a crispy outside and a surprisingly fluffy interior.  I didn't so much like the scrambled eggs, they were kind of flavorless, but I don't really like eggs anyway, so it doesn't matter.  The bacon was pretty good, nice and salty and a little bit thick.  I will definitely go back again in the future.  I loved the old school vibe going on with this place and I love that I get better food at a better price with better service than I would get at any Denny's or IHOP.
4	Just a classic.  It really is everything you expect from a 60's era diner that is open 24 hours a day.  The food is greasy but good.  The service is impeccable.  There are tons of old people reading newspapers.  And the cinnamon rolls are to die for.  When you don't want to wait in line at Over Easy or Matt's and you're tired of the same stuff at Denny's & IHOP - Jerry's is totally the place to go.  Also, you can spent the entire time thinking about that guy on Seinfeld who always said "Jerry" in that annoying voice.
4	Get the Fried Chicken,Can't miss out on a 24 hour placeThis place has been around since 1966 and has 8 reviews? well anyways a classic dinner in the area, if you have a group you can meet in a back area.  So I asked "whats good here Wendy" she said fried chicken so I got it, it came with choice of salad or soap and a side dish. wow that really impressed me.  I love a place where I can check good for everything.
5	Went to Jerry's tonight for a late bite with a friend, got the Turkey club with some french fries and some Ice tea, and my friend got the sampler, we had the carrot cake for desert...this was a perfect meal, the service was excellent, the food was excellent, everything was good, and our whole bill came to just under 20 bucks. This location rules...totally a hidden gem in Phoenix...once again Jerry's shits on top of Village Inn, Denny's IHOP and any place of the like. END.
1	I went to Jerry's last night for dinner.  We always eat there and usually like the atmosphere.  This time there were protesters there with anti-Nazi signs.  They told me that a man was present signing books and speaking to a group of people.  His name is David Irving and he was invited to speak by the group about his beliefs that the Holocaust didn't happen.  And that Hitler never knew about the Jews being slaughtered.  This is sick and made me lose my appetite.  Why would a restaurant like Jerry's support a local Neo-Nazi group?  Apparently, they hold the monthly meetings of the group there as well.  I do not plan to return to this location for any meal in case I run across this type of hatred again.4.9.12 Since that time, I have been following the story of David Irving.  He has not returned to this restaurant again but went to a hotel near the airport maybe a year later.  It was guarded by the Phx police red squad.  At least the protesters wacked this mole back into his hole for now.
3	If your in the mood for a no frills breakfast, Jerry's is your place.  The service is quick and friendly.  The food is just like mama used to make it.  I like the large windows that look out onto Thomas, good people watching while you wait for your meal.The menu is basic diner food but let me point out the "Hungry Traveler" - eggs, hashbrowns, pancakes, your choice of bacon/ham/sausage and biscuts & gravy all for $8.I prefer Jerry's to the typical bfast diner chains because the food is better, it's clean and I don't leave smelling like a grease ball.
5	I had written my original review after the first time I went here.  Since then, I have probably been about 20 more times.  This place is totally a 5 star, bombastic breakfast diner.  The waitress is amazingly quick and on top of things.  I really appreciate that attentiveness in the morning.  The kitchen kicks out food just as quickly and it sure is good.  I've tried the sausage and eggs (which is a giant polish sausage that has been grilled) and "The Bus" (which is a huge piece of ham).  The food is always great and the bill is always under $20 for both of us.  This is our fallback for breakfast now.  No more Denny's or IHOP - ALWAYS JERRY'S.  We even went Christmas morning while waiting for the family to wake up.  This place is top notch.
2	I have been coming to Jerry's for over 6 years. The food is always great, but there service has gone down hill. There use to be a waitress there named Laura she use to work late nights, since she has left every time I have been there the service has been atrocious. I went to night, was tiold I could not sit in my section I wanted to, I know from this point on it was going to be trouble, so as I sat down I already knew what I wanted. So when she came to ask us for drinks I told her what I wanted to order. She took the order, and the food was done fast, it did not have the extra cheese on it, i ordered, I got everything but the sink omelet. And the whole time I ate my food this women NEVER came back tot the table once to check on us or refill our drinks. In fact we had to ask her to come by to get the check. Worse service I have ever had in the 6 years of visiting this place. This place lost a good waitress when Laura left. Food is still good but the service is garbage as far as I am concerned!!! Definitely hurts your dining experience when the service of a place you like goes way down hill!
4	Sometimes during the day you get a hankering for some breakfast food... no not cereal, or a fruit cup with some yogurt, or a pop tart, sheesh not that! But, some yummy medium fried eggs or scrambled, with sizzling bacon, or links, and pancakes...... mmmmmmmmmmmm! And you think, where o where can I grab some goodness? So you think the usual suspects, IHOP, eh, 5&Diner, possibly, Denny's, ummm no, Village Inn, yuck. And then you think of that breakfast place you went to for hangover brunch, and you're like, no i want cheap food... so you keep on thinking until you lose interest and that hankering goes away which is kinda good if you're on a diet but heck it's breakfast food so it's good for you even when you have brinner! Well... my phoenicians there's a place that can satisfy those cravings, good diner food, friendly service, and cheap ass places and this mythical place is known as Jerry's Restaurant (since 1966) and it's 24 hours! See ya gay 5 & diner at 16th st, and Jenny's (drag queen denny's) on 7th ave, and hello butch Jerry's! Recommended items - the Fried Chicken! the Big Bertha's Country Fried Steak and Eggs, the hungry traveler ( unlimited pancakes, 3 eggs, 6 bacon or links all for $7.99), and the of all things yum and gooey... their cinnamon roll with whipped butter... uh yea it's on my list of food items that i want on my table before the world ends in 2012. Yea it's a geriatric central but you gotta love old people and old ladies that are servers who all have some attitude and sweetness altho the gay server has total cattyness... rowr... this gay boy wasn't gonna have it tho... if you're a bitch to me i'm a bitch to you... easy as that!  I love the setting, and the location.
4	I love diners, I love a place where you have no idea what you want to eat, you go look at the menu and you settle on something that hits the spot. Before Jerry's my go to diner was 5 and Diner. Don't get me wrong I like 5 and Diner, but I love places that aren't Chains.Jerry's is just a laid back diner, where I think after a few visits they learn your names and you become family. The waitress we usually get seems to remember us each time we go back.I have ordered the Fried Chicken, which was top notch! So flavorful and crunchy. I loved that the first time we went they only had one more serving so my friend and I couldn't both get the fried chicken. I mean he was a little bent, but I got to eat the chicken. And the fact that it is so popular that you are "lucky" if you get to order it!I have also been back for Friday Night Fish Fry. The Fish Fry is really good fish and probably the best  tartar sauce of any diner I have been too!Don't forget the Cinnamon Roll with whipped butter...So sinfully delicious! I feel guilty eating it its almost too good!This is definitely a place I will be frequenting! I might even get a booth that is my booth!
3	Food was excellent. Had the chicken fried steak, taco salad and my 3yr old son had the chicken fingers. I have no complaints, what so ever, about the food but the service was just awful.If you can get past the terrible service then this place is great. Maybe I'll try again another time and see if it was just the waiter working today that sucked.
5	Laura the best waitress in the valley is back at Jerry's she is there every night but Sunday and Monday. This place rocks again. The best late night place to go, great food, and with Laura back the best service around, as far as I am concerned every waitress in the world should go and watch her work you could definitely learn a few things. If I were to open my own restaurant this women would be running the show. To the owners and management of Jerry's you better take care of this lady.
1	just ew.dirty bathrooms.plastic-y vegetables.watery gravy.bland mashed potatoes.iceberg lettuce and pink tomato "salad."this is the taco bell of diners...the food is cheap for a reason. do yourself a favor and skip it. when denny's food looks fresh in comparison, you know you're in the wrong place.*sigh*lola
3	decent breakfast joint.  great waitresses.  very laid back.
2	The only reasons this place gets two stars are:The waitress - She was greatThe decor - Great retro styling - probably authentic since the place opened in 1966* The so-called NY strip was thin as a pancake and riddled with gristle* The ribs were not fall off the bone... More like undercooked and tough* The vegetables are terrible - they taste exactly like the kind you get from a frozen bag* The fried chicken was apparently edible* The bathroom was dank and dark and felt like the kind of bathroom used by horror moviesSorry Jerry's Restaurant but your food is terrible.  I will not be returning.
3	Ah, the gut bomb.  What better way to repair the damage done after a hard night of partying than country gravy?Jerry's has become my go to spot for post party breakfast.  The restaurant is clean and the service is usually quick.Imagine the Denny's menu, only with good food.  That's what you get at Jerry's.  Simple, tasty food.  There are a ton of breakfast choices to be had, as well as the lunch/dinner type items.  For me it's all about the chicken fried steak.  The steak is perfectly cooked and the gravy is delicious.  Though my stomach won't thank me for ordering it my taste buds will!In the realm of 24 hour diners that host neo-nazi book signings, Jerry's has to be top.(note:  That nazi thing isn't cool)
4	I really like this place. They have awesome waitresses; they're always so nice and sweet to us when we come in. I love that it's a diner and it hits the spot when I have a mad craving for breakfast food. I love getting their country fried steak, which is like twice as big as the portion sizes you can get at the other places, like Denny's and such. Their serving sizes here are huge in general. The cinnamon bun, which is delish with the melted butter, is pretty big; it looks like it's be as big as one of my jazz hands. The fried chicken is yummy although, I don't really care for their veggie sides cause they're over cooked and all the goodness seems to be gone. I think that's my only complaint about the place.
5	Good food for a fair price. Classic American fare with a variety of items. Awesome chicken fried steak!
5	YUMMY... the belgian waffle was so delicious just the right crispness on the out side and warm and chewy on the inside..great waitress.clean place....love love love it..
5	Breakfast served all day. I had the chorizo scramble...very good,. Waitress was very attentive and friendly.  Love the decor very 60's went back for Dinner and LOVED the Burgers! Homemade and best I have had in a LONG time.
1	Ok.... This was an awful experience!!! A friend and I decided to check thus spot out because we pass it frequently, it was late, we were hungry and it was open. It's was fairly slow with 7 tables or so occupied, however, there was only one waitress. We noticed the food coming out pretty fast which was cool, however, the waitress was AWFUL.... so rude and unprofessional. We ordered a milk shake because they are suppose to be known for great milkshakes but was we was served was a watery mess. We explained we didn't want it and she told us we still would pay for them. After contesting, she grabbed the milkshakes, said something in spanish and walked off. Seconds later, she slams the cups in the sink and began yelling. Luckily, we already had our food!!! From that moment on she had the worst attitude and tossed the bill in the table and walked away!!!! The food was good but the service is the WORST!!!! Yikes!!!!!
1	First time trying the place. Had my doubts and my doubts were right. Cute place, cute menu but god awful food. Started off with potato crunchers (jalapeno like poppers) $4.99 those were good but the food didn't make up for the poppers. Ordered the honey fried chicken (8.99) which comes with: carrots, side salad (horrible), cornbread (inedible) and french fries (good). Husband had chix fried steak. BLECH!!! that's all I can say. I really liked the carrots and though they were the bet part of the meal. Let's just say don't waste your time.
4	Okay, so can be a bit understaffed and I haven't tried most of the menu...But, they have the best damn waffles I've ever had, anywhere in America!!!
3	I go here when I want to stuff myself silly on the weekend after a night of drinking. I always order the chicken fried steak and it's VERY good. I am a huge fan of chicken fried steak and eat that anywhere I go and this one is in the top 10.The staff is very friendly but they do seem to be understaffed for the most part but they get the job done.The Cinnamon roll is delicious and HUGE. I have to take it home with me for later because I never have room to eat it while I'm there.You'll most always find this place filled with an older crowd but that's fine, it keeps the noise level down.
4	This is a great place to go to after work.  It is a great diner that offers home style cooking. The food always tastes fresh and is reasonably priced.  I will continue to go there.
3	Average diner but cheaper than embassy hotel food.
5	Jerrys has good solid food at reasonable prices...Service is decent too.Whatever the hell the assholes are going on about nazis reviews need to be deleted.All this is is a family style resturant....Get over yourselves,idiots.
2	Can you say SYSCO?Almost nothing served at this restaurant is made in house. If I want plastic wrapped pre-fab food, I can buy it at Costco.The only thing made in house the night we visited was the Meatloaf. It was mediocre.We won't return unless my wife gets a high powered hankering for chocolate cake.
2	The Jerry's on Thomas used to have good food but over the last few months something has changed.  If one meal were bad, I would go back, and I did but all three meals over the last few months have been kind of icky.  My last visit was on 5/5/2012 and I'll have to say that was my last meal at this Jerry's.
3	Seriously lack of bicycle rack.  Good breakfast.  Awesome waitresses!
2	I agree it's better than Denny's because Denny's has low standards for itself.  So Jerry's is like Dennys SHOULD be, but that's nothing great to start with.  Now, if they were BETTER than Denny's SHOULD be, then that might be a good thing.Stopped in for some takeout breakfast the other morning when I didn't make it to the $10 takeout breakfast buffet at the Doubletree on 44th Street on time.  (That's their complimentary breakfast buffet for guests -- which is also available to the public for $10.)I ordered a short stack with sausage and bacon and eggs overeasy.  The short stack had a strange aftertaste, and kind of looked and tasted burned.  The sausage was NASTY.   The outer casing had a thin and gross consistency.  The contents of the sausage were mushy and overprocessed and didn't even taste like any edible portion of any farm animal.  The bacon was too thin.  The eggs were okay.  The butter provided with the To Go box tasted like chemicals and salt.  The syrup provided with the To Go box wasn't very thick or rich tasting.I'm not big on chicken fried steak, and I can't imagine their Belgian waffles are that great -- given that their pancakes were lame.
4	I am often a regular of Jerry's. The staff aways takes are of us and we feel comfortable and happy. Thanks!
4	This place is where you SHOULD go instead of to Denny's or Village Inn.  The prices are great, and their food- whether breakfast or dinner is worthy.  Amazing meal, no, but if you've been out late, and don't want a ....burto's of any kind, go to Jerry's.  They are never super busy, but there are often groups of older regulars (which for me is fun to see!)  The decor is fun, not like a run down Denny's.  And the staff is VERY fast and very friendly...have even come to open the door for us before we made it to the curb!  This place is VERY close to us, so we will be returning often!  Easy for people to not know it exists...in a spot too close to the freeway, and not near anything else heavily visited...but worth checking out!!
2	Not terribly impressed. The atmosphere was a cute, slightly dated diner, which I like. I will say the bathrooms were nasty, which is never a good sign in a restaurant. The food was underpar. I could tell the eggs for the omelet were the fake ones, and the hash (if that's what you can call it) was stringy and mushy, I also felt like it tasted a little too old. The veggies seemed fresh, and the toast was okay. For $10 after tip I will probably never be back. If you like places like Denny's I would go as far as to say this is better than that, but with so many more options in this area I personally don't think it can compete. I would recommend The Acacia Cafe or Berthas up on Indian School.
5	My Grandpa lives in Safford and the girls at Jerry's take great care of him every morning for his coffee time.During our visit to his house we went to Jerry's with him every morning.  Besides the great memories made, the coffee is great. I ordered the oatmeal with wheat toast and it is consistently good.  Jerry's has a small town feel with great service and good food. What more could you want?
3	Had breakfast here.  It's pretty much your standard, run of the mill breakfast place... when you walk in it reminds me of a Denny's type of place.  The service was decent, not fantastic and the food was standard... better than Denny's though.  It was fresh and filled my belly.  Took a little flagging down to get more coffee but nothing that would stop me from coming again.  I LOVE my breakfast and this... well it did the trick.  Nothing was overly greasy... eggs cooked to perfection... but its pretty hard to mess up eggs and bacon.  If I were in this area I would consider this an option... again... not the best but it was decent.
3	We were staying next door at the Embassy Suites, and their restaurant was not open for dinner yet and I needed to eat early to make the Promise Keepers Conference.  Since it was Friday, they offered AYCE fish and chips.  Even though the only waitress was overwhelmed since there were almost 5000 men in town for the conference, she did her best and got us our meal.  The fish was fresh and light, not greasy and obviously hand breaded, large pieces too, and the fries were old school, loved them.  Been there since 1966.  Not the best meal I've had, but one of the best fish and chip dinner's I've had a diner.  Open 24 hours.  A bit nostalgic.
4	Food was good but inexpensive and the service was great.
4	Great service, great food, great price. I have been here twice now and if you like breakfast this is the best place I have found in my trip so far. I recommend this to everyone. Only reason it's not a five star is I haven't ate many other places yet here in AZ.
3	Good breakfast.Better than Denny's.Service is always nice.
4	If you're reading this on your mobile device, this review boils down to this:  If I lived nearby, I would eat here once a week.I was staying at the hotel next door and after having mexican food for the past three days, I was looking for some comfort food.  I found the reviews on Yelp and seeing they served breakfast 24-7, I decided to walk on over.I stopped in around 6:30 on a weekday evening and the place was pretty empty.  I was seated at a booth and was immediately greeted by my server.  Think Vera from "Mel's Diner."  She was terrific.One of the specials was a bowl of green chili with rice or beans for $9.99.  I am a sucker for green chili whenever I'm out west.  I explained to Vera that I wanted to eat a bunch and if I was eating pancakes, I didn't have room for rice or beans.  She said it would be no problem just to get the chili by itself.  To go with the chili, I ordered pancakes and sausage, as well as an order of hash browns.If there was a downside to my visit, it was that service was slow.  Like "we fresh cut the potatoes for your hash browns" slow.  Which was not a big deal to me because I had nowhere to be, but would have been a problem if I had been in a hurry.The chili was great.  It had beef in it and I loved it.  The pancakes were terrific.  The sausage was familiar and average.  The hash browns were okay, but would have been better if they had been well done.  Next time, I'll ask for them that way.For desert, I grabbed a slice of banana bread CAKE to go.  Yes you read that right, banana bread CAKE.  It was great.  All their cakes are homemade and they also had lemon, chocolate, and strawberry cake.  They also served pies, but they weren't made in-house, so I passed.All in all, a great diner that I'd be happy to stop by the next time I'm in the area!!
4	I've been in the process of moving, and have been Cox-blocked several times. (Was cut off at my old house too soon, having issues getting service at the new place.)I don't have a smart phone - so I really need internet access to coordinate the move and stay in touch with the outside world.Denny's and Starbucks lost my interest very quickly. I needed wifi access, and I am more than happy to be a paying customer to get it. Oh, and I keep a late night schedule.Enter Jerry's. Not far from the new house, open 24/7, and wifi access as requested.Until this past week, I hadn't been into Jerry's in almost 20 years. I am so sorry it fell off my radar - this is a great place for a quick and affordable meal anytime day or night. And - quite the happy surprise - the food is pretty damn tasty!Late night, visit #1 - I wasn't really hungry, but thought it would be tacky to just nurse an iced tea, so I was going to get a slice of dessert. (Offerings were apple, cherry, Boston Creme and Lemon Meringue pie, Chocolate or Lemon cake.) Then the waitress mentioned something about the awesome cinnamon roll with whipped butter, and that sounded perfect. AND IT WAS!Late morning - visit #2 - Coffee and a Reuben sandwich with fries. Quite possibly the best diner Reuben a girl could ask for! YUM.Lunch time - visit #3 - I brought a friend today. (Cox was supposed to connect me this morning, she was going to set up my home network. That didn't happen, so the least I could do was buy her lunch.) She had iced tea and a grilled club, I had iced coffee and a hamburger. I was super happy. Her only complaint was all the bacon seemed to be on one side of the sandwich - so she had to open it up to rebalance.I am happy to have Jerry's nearby - and will most likely be in fairly often  - even when I can access the internet at home. Breakfast 24 hours a day? Yummy desserts? Friendly servers? Reasonable prices? Check, check, check and CHECK!
5	Love, love, love Jerry's!  My Mom, brother, and I have been coming here for awhile now, and it's always good!  They have great, fresh food at really good prices.  Service is always fast, and our waitresses are always sweethearts.  The food is delicious, and there's so much good stuff to choose from.  It's a nice clean restaurant with a good old fashioned vibe.  Thanks so much Jerry's, and all your wonderful staff!!
1	I'm reluctant to write a negative review as I understand how hard it is to run a business, but the service I received today was abysmal. I have a group of friends that eat their regularly so I've seen this place go up and down with quality. The big issue is there's no attention to detail when the orders go back to the kitchen. They actually seem to have a tendency to do the exact opposite of what's requested. Don't get me wrong, when it's good it's good, but I've seen more food sent back to the kitchen at this restaurant than anywhere else. It's got to the point at times that I've seen the waiting staff actually argue with the cook.When I arrived tonight my hopes were high, as the manager was actually here for the first time in months. She was aware that our group had complaints and actually came to talk to us about issues the kitchen of been having. After what seemed to be a constructive talk we placed our orders with the waitress with confidence. Well, needless to say my food was incorrect again. Not only was it wrong, it almost seemed intentionally incorrect. When I express my dismay the manager went and brought the cook out which made me very uncomfortable. At this point I was ready to cancel the order altogether, but they said they take the food back to correct it. What the manager brought to the table the second time was worse than the first. I wish I could say I couldn't believe it, but I've gotten quite used to this level of incompetence from this restaurant. I sent it back and told them to cancel the order altogether.The only bright spot about this restaurant is the waiters and waitresses do seem to work hard, it's just the kitchen throws them under the bus with their incompetence and the management under staffs them so they always have too many tables.I guess the only thing left for me to do is try and convince the 15 top that comes to eat there on a weekly basis that we need to start going to another restaurant, but my friends are a little stuck in their ways.Ugh!!!
4	What IHOP should be. Good pancakes. Skip the biscuits and gravy, though. Update after subsequent visits: Their Californian burger hits the spot as well.
4	I am happy to say that I enjoy this restaurant.  The wait staff is smart and funny, the food arrives promptly, and is definitely better than you'd expect. I'll admit, the sign that says "Jerry's Restaurant" out front makes it look like it sucks inside, but it doesn't. Think of a classier version of Waffle House, with more menu choices and great coffee. Today we had chicken fried steak with gravy, an egg scramble-thingy, biscuits, hash browns, corned beef hash (my fave), and sourdough toast. All the items came out super hot and fast, and were very flavorful. The steak was lightly breaded, semi-salty, loaded with gravy. The hash, although a little underdone for my tastes, reminded me of food I ate while growing up in the midwest. The eggs were good, and the sourdough toast sopped up those tasty yolks nicely. Yessir, Jerry's has mastered the perfect American breakfast. While paying on the way out, the owner-lady mentioned something to the waitress who was ringing us up. She whispered, "the special tonight is really good, I'm so excited..." then slipped her a little sample of the night's special in a ramekin and I think may have actually winked at us.  Glad to know that she takes pride in her place and her food, and appreciates her staff.Pros: chicken fried steak, gravy, biscuits w/orange marmalade, coffee, functional salt & pepper shakers, you can probably get away with wearing your pajamas if you are hungover, obscure Star Trek doll in toy grab game in lobbyCons: decor, location, nothing out of the ordinary on the menu, ding you on extrasGive it a shot - its a local business and its good eatin. Oh fyi - you pay up front.
4	This is a great place to go in the morning or late at night after partying.  I will forever enjoy going to this place because it reminds me of truck stop food while traveling.  The hungry traveller will always fill you up with bottomless pancakes but the country fried steak is also something I always get.  It gets 4 stars because sometimes they are understaffed and takes a bit to get service.  But when I go, I'm usually not in a hurry anyways.  The staff is always friendly day or night. Even a simple side salad is fresh and deserving of props.  The awesome thing is the fresh desserts and pie will satisfy any drunk or Sunday camper.  If you're tired of the usual IHOP or hole in the wall breakfast place, enjoy the old school diner atmosphere that this place has to offer.
5	I love the food here and the staff is nice. The chicken fried steak with eggs is a great breakfast. Easy to get in and get out.
4	The food here is good.  So far I've had....Fried Chicken - Awesome, better than Lo-Lo's(yea, that's right, I said it)Chicken Fried Steak - Nom Nom NomCorned Beef Hash - It's the canned stuff, which I love, but most will think it isn't foofy enough for themGuacicalifornia Sandwich - Very good chicken sandwich, I was impressed.This place also frys the French fries long enough so that you don't get any soggy ones.  I know that sounds stupid, but I can't stand places that can't get FF's right.  They have been a common side item for eternity, get it right.
5	My brother and I are from the east coast and we were in Phoenix for the MLB all star game a few years ago, and we still talk about Jerry's and how good it was today. We were staying at the Embassy Suites next door so we walked over to Jerry's to try out something they don't have back home. I personally don't care for breakfast food, but my brother loves it. Those pancakes...delicious delicious delicious. The prices are sooo consumer friendly too, we left like a fifty percent tip and still had enough money to come back the next day and do it again without a care. I have been all over the country and this is the only Jerry's I've ever seen, so if you're in the area I recommend hitting it up, even if you're like me and don't typically like breakfast food. Definitely a local delight.
1	Had to just walk out of here. They had a big party in the back room, and couldn't be bothered to help anyone else. We sat for 10 minutes before the server came to take our order. She didn't say hi, didn't say there would be a delay. Waited 20 more before asking how much longer. She didn't know. The only cook wasn't talking to her. We got up and left. This was Saturday at dinner time. Lame!
4	Great breakfast! Been looking all over Phoenix for a taste of home! This is it! (Origally from Illinois) reasonably priced. Good coffee and my waitress was friendly and funny! Definitely will return and make it a habit! Thanks Jerry's!
5	Love Jerry's! Have been coming here for the last 20 yrs. Had my usual this morning, 222. Two eggs, two bacon and two pancakes. Oh... Coffee :-)
2	Wow. Ordered a grilled cheese after a long day of baseball and swimming. Literally a piece of processed cheese between two pieces of bread. Server was really nice but overwhelmed.  Thankfully the meal was pretty cheap.
3	This place has been there for as long as I can remember.  I can't ever remember eating  there as a kid. However; I went today. My husband ordered a California burger it had guacamole in it. He loved it. I ordered a pancake, cheese eggs, bacon,  sausage and hashbrowns. The hasbrowns were a little raw so they brought me out some that were well done.  The food was plentiful. We should've shared. The waitress was very friendly and had nice suggestions. I'm a fan. I will return not frequently but late night for sure.
4	Think old style diner, and you get this place.  The atmosphere and decor is kitschy, funky, and interesting, and the food is generally tasty, but in an old style way.  For example, if you order a shake, you get milk and ice cream that isn't all that thoroughly mixed, just like you used to make at home.  It was awesome and nostalgic.  Ultimately, it is as serviceable as any Denny's substitute with better prices and some really outstanding service.  The other reviews on that score surprised me, but we were there later at night, so maybe during the day the staff gets overwhelmed.  All I can say is that the guy who waited on us (whose name I can't remember, but he was a young bald guy) was an outstanding example of customer service.  I wish I could clone him and put him in every restaurant in America.  Go here.  It's not haute cuisine, but you'll enjoy yourself.
4	This review is for the wait staff only. I'm stuck going to this restaurant as my friends eat here every Friday. When I join them, I watch the guy with the clean shaven head and the cute waitress work hard and hold the whole place together.
3	The food is good and the staff is friendly.  Only issue being they are a tad slow at times, and after reading other reviews I see some similar issues. But that doesn't take away from the great diner atmosphere.
2	I ordered the hot turkey sandwich.  I should have asked exactly what kind of turkey they used (do they roast their own, turkey breast, etc.) It shows up and looks like the cook ran over to the market and picked up a package of Carl Buddig turkey, plopped it on some white bread and tossed some gravy on it.  I tried to eat it, but I could make that happen.  I called my server over and asked her for something else.  I ordered the ground sirloin plate. Basically the same thing as the turkey sandwich except there was a hamburger patty covered in gravy, mashed potatoes covered in gravy, a bowl of peas, salad and a piece of corn bread.  It was tolerable.  I suggested to the server that maybe they should get some real turkey and bump up the price a bit to make the plate a bit more appetizing.  As for the hamburger patty, could it kill them to have some ground beef in the fridge and make up a handmade patty instead of using a puny hamburger patty?The place has some interesting food advertisements on the wall touting their excellent this and their fabulous that.  Perhaps Jerry should reevaluate what is being pushed on to the customers and perhaps the place would be a bit busier.I'm wondering how breakfast is?
5	This has become my go-to breakfast place... Or lunch... Or when I'm in finals and I need some good food at 2 am. The staff is very friendly, the menu has a lot of good choices and the place is very clean. Plus you get your food pretty quickly.And the food is always incredible! No matter what I get, it's always so good. Plus they have great pie and cake!
2	The food is delicious! However, the service sucked! Maybe we came on a weird day or the servers were all just having hot flashes or something because the servers were arguing with the cooks and each other, it was chaotic! We asked our server for more water and brought back another cup with a stank ass face, not to mention the water tasted like it had been scooped from the sink itself. If it weren't for the food (which actually did come out pretty fast) I would have walked out. Tisk Tisk Jerry's, how can you have delicious food with such shitty servers, get it together!
4	I have lived around the corner from this diner for almost 2 years now and go there maybe 2 or 3 times a month. It has character and the wait staff is pleasant. The food is typical diner style...which is what i want when i go here. We have never had a bad experience except for getting crappy corn bread just one time.
5	We have been here for breakfast on many occasions and have never had a bad meal. Recently we tried the all you can eat Friday fish fry and it is wonderful. The clam chowder is excellent.
5	I went there with a few friends last week and was very impressed. Service was excellent, even for being in the early hours of the morning. I don't normally care for Denny's or iHOP, but I would definitely come back here. Food was great, loved the hash browns I had. I don't remember our server's name, but he was very good, and had a nice sense of humor too. Thanks!
4	After an 8 hour flight from Philly, I could have gone to Venice in that am out of time, and arriving at the hotel nextdoor. Which is very tired and needs a backhoe for its next make over. This place was the highlight. I got there about 11:45, nobody in the place.  I had the fish and chips,$8 about half what I would pay back east. And to my surprise it was very good. Everything was hot and fresh, tarter sauce was very good. Great place for that after hours snack!
1	weve eaten here on many occassions but the last three times the sevice has been very bad along with the food. We order breakfast which is varly easy to prepare. The food takes over 40minutes to make and comes out cold and part of my omilet vegitables were raw. There was so many things wrong with the food that we will not go back again and I don't have the time to list them. It's perty sad when I at 65years of age can cook better then the cooks at JERRY'S . Do your self a faver don't go there or at lest till they get someone that COOK!!!!
1	The service is APPALLING. We stood at the door for 5 minutes with waitresses walking past constantly and saying nothing. Finally when a waitress did acknowledge us, she waved to the dining room and just said "where ever" and walked away. Not even a hello, or sorry to keep you waiting. THEN, we sat at our table for 5 minutes without anyone saying hello, while again waitresses walked past many times. Finally a lady got our drinks, and even though we were ready to order, told us she'd be right back. 10 minutes passed. Another server who literally just started (we saw her walk in and put her bag down) came over and asked if we were ready. Yeah. 10 minutes ago. No one apologized. No one cared. We were just an inconvenience. The food is good but the service is ALWAYS awful and it's just NOT worth it. Hire more servers!! Maybe then people will want to come back. - Sincerely, I'm usually a 30% tipper and today it's 5%.
5	Great food at a great price!! Food portions were good, service was quick and friendly. The menu had a lot of choices and the atmosphere was that of a diner. Will be back soon for sure!
3	Jerry's is one of those diners we've all been to. It's been around forever..The best time to go for good service is between the main meal times. Otherwise you will spend quite awhile waiting for service , drinks, meals or refills.The food seems to be kinda inconsistent.. Today my ham steak was delish, but my hashbrowns were cold and undercooked.My waitress was very sweet.. kept my glass filled without having to ask her.Avoid at all costs if they are packed or there is a large group in the back seating area.. you will fall asleep before getting your food..Over all decent.. good value.. will return..
1	Gross. Gross. Gross. Pass this place. Service is awful and the food was just as bad. Greasy, low quality slop.
3	Stopped into this fairly large, traditional Coffee Shop/Family Style Restaurant for lunch today, joined by Jackie R & Mike C.  I went with a "Half Chicken Dinner" with salad to start, fries well done, and Texas Toast.  Cooked baby carrots were also included.The best:*  Shiny clean dining room and rest room.*  Easy to read menu with lots of good food choices.*  Tasty chicken and fries in good portions (if you get what you're supposed to).*  Inexpensive.= = = = = =The rest:*  Long wait to have our orders taken, even though they weren't busy.*  Long time more for our orders to come out.*  Jackie's order came all alone long before MIke's & mine.  (They should have been served together!)*  My "Half Chicken" wasn't.  It consisted of half a breast, a thigh and 2 wings.  (One of the wings should have been a leg.)= = = = = =The food was good here but there were too many other shortcomings for me to give it a higher rating.     :-|
