5	My wife and I schlepped it from SW Vegas to check out the scene up there.  Pretty nice place!  It's very Red Rock without all the ummm...red?The place was totally packed since they were offering $2 movies at the theater which I am sure was a welcome sight to all the people invested in this huge thing.  All of the restaurants and bars looked cool but we just opted for the feast buffet since we were starving beyond belief which was the exact same set up as Red Rock's which was fine with us.  They also had a club going on which was pretty dead but they've got a lot of live music lined up so I'm sure it'll be a ton better on weekends.  Huge sportsbook and really nice looking poker room.  There were 10 tables going at 9pm which was pretty cool.Not sure if there are any cool spots to hang out at in North Las Vegas (only my 2nd time around this area) but I'm sure this place shoots pretty close up to the top now.   It was definitely worth checking out but I would rather just go to Red Rock cuz its closer.
4	Stayed here 2 nights while visiting relatives over Christmas and the rooms were very nice and chic looking.  There was a large comfy bed, a flat screen TV and a huge shower.  Room service was good and prompt.  Did a bit of gambling one night and there was plenty of slots (not loose!) and table games.  The hotel also has an onsite theater and restaurants such as TGI Fridays, Original Pancake House and a steak house.  The onsite workout room was also clean and had a wide range of equipment and weights.  A large pool and spa are also available for guests to enjoy, with cabanas that are available for rent. If you find yourself on this side of town or visiting relatives nearby and need a place to stay, I would recommend this clean, modern hotel.
4	Didn't stay here, but visited the resort.  Brand new!!LCDs/plasmas everywhere..   Brand new 16 regal stadium here. We watched Valkrie here in brand new seats. Nice leather head backing.. very clean!! In the food court, we tried one of the cookies at dunkin doughnuts.. YUM!! it was on par with mrs. fields cookies!  I tried a boston cream doughnut as well and it was very good!  It was CHEAP too, and the only place in the food court that had a line. There was an original pancake house that was packed.. on new years day morning.  The TGI fridays here opens early.. 10am!!  I see that this hotel is rated 5 stars by some websites.. it's kind of far from the strip, but it's brand new.We took a peek at the buffet, and it looked good. Fresh doughnuts, hand scooped ice cream we some of the highlights we saw. Alot of the average stuff you see as well. It seemed to be a decent bang for buck..
4	This is a nice place. I went there last night to have some fun and check it out. It's a mini version of Red Rock! But it's nice. I checked out ETA lounge their center lounge and it was jumpin. The DJ was good the drinks were eh... somewhat cheap but good. Then i went to all access there live lounge where some band was playing Zepplin to ACDC. That was good, what was nice though is the venue was well done and could be used for big time concerts. Also everything was clean and nice. I also gambled. and shocker... lost. But i did eat at Rubios and hung out. They have nice lookin restaurants and what not. I think locals have to check this one out. :)
3	Nice place and some of thei restaurants are nice, TGI Friday's needs help big time in their service dept. I can't tell you how the food is because they took so long to even acknowledge us we got up and left. We waited about 20mins before we left. Their buffet is good , alot of variety to choose from and the wait staff are efficent and nice.(ask for Ivan  Caldwell if you eat their he's a great server). The steak house was pretty good as well, the food was prompt and good, the busser staff is stellar and thw wait staff needs to catch up to them. The movie theater is nice but they need to do a better job of controlling the underage kidswith out adult supervision in r rated movies
5	I stayed at the new Encore Hotel by Steve Wynn, but this place was nice to gamble.  Everything here is brand new and operable.  My buddy and I enjoyed the new facilities at the race book as their chairs were nice and comfy.  Not too many degenerates here like the Gold Coast.  The locals that gamble there actually shower and use cologne (or deodorant).  Dealers at the Pai Gow table were excellent, professional, and down-to-earth.  They never hustle you, and when you toke them, they show their appreciation.  I will return to this jewel in the North Las Vegas side.
4	I think this is the nicest casino in the North Las Vegas area.  I have a friend who lives around it - and it's my new casino to frequent in the area.Their slot machine screens are ginormous!  I don't know how long it will last, but because it just opened in november of 08, everything is so new.  The seats are really comfy, everywhere.We checked out the ETA lounge (club area in the middle of the casino floor).  It was alright.  Good music.  And man, the bartenders are really hot.  It probably helps that they are wearing just basically a bra with tight jeans - but yeah, smokin'!They have a nice variety of restaurants.  Everything from the Original Pancake House, to Rubios, to Cappriotis.  It reminds me of the Green Valley Ranch, but on the "bad side of town."  Which, I also believe, makes for looser machines.
5	The best hotel and casino in North Las Vegas!I had the opportunity to stay at the brand new Aliante this past weekend for an event.  Since the event was located at the Las Vegas Motor Speedway it made sense to stay here, the hotel is located 20 mins from the Strip and only 10 mins from the track.  I've stayed at the Cannery hotel before and this puts that place to shame.  I've also stayed at Aliante's sister hotel the Red Rock hotel and was just as impressed.Atmosphere: Aliante is very clean and modern.  Once inside the casino is small and full of table games, slots, and restaurants.  The decor was nice and pleasant inside the casino as well.  The hotel was an even better treat.  The hotel has a tall ceiling and the lobby area is full of modern furniture to lounge on.Venues:Aliante is full of great restaurants, a food court, ETA Lounge, Access Showroom, and a full movie theatre.  I checked out Camacho's for drinks and the margarita selection was amazing.  Pips Italian food and wine bar also caught my eye with the decor, but I didn't have a chance to eat there.  ETA Lounge was really sleek and made for a great place to grab a few cocktails and relax in the the dark room.  Drinks were about average and they had a great selection of alcohol.  I didn't get to see Steel Panther perform at Access on Saturday night, but did get a tour of it later and it is a great place.  Bigger than Wasted Space at the Hard Rock...this venue has tons of potential for both concerts and as a nightclub.The food court was complete with a Dunkin Donuts, Rubios, and few others...definitely good choices when on the run.The buffet was also a treat for the cost.  $12 or so w/players card for Sunday brunch! Can't beat that deal.  The assortment of food was also good and most of the items I tried were good.  The ice cream is also a good touch.Next time I will be sure to try their surf and turf place MRKT and the original Pancake house.Casino:Good choice of games.  For a smaller hotel/casino great selection and easy to find a table or slot machine.  There is a blackjack pit similar to the "Pleasure Pit" at Planet Hollywood and the one at Hard Rock, with girls in small outfits.  One bad side is the talent level was not  up to par...the games started at $5 hands, which is really hard to find.  My one gripe is that the Blackjack rules were changed for this weekend and player's were only allowed to double down with a 10 or 11 and could only split once...making the house have the advantage, as player's can't maximize their good hands.  I still walked away "up" so can't complain too much.Hotel:I was fortunate enough to get the presidential treatment and because of my work was able to stay in their Presidential Suite.  This was one of the nicest if not the nicest rooms I have ever stayed in!  I'm confident this suite is larger than my condo.  2 bedrooms and 3 bathrooms, a living room area, dining area, kitchen, and bar area.  70" plasma, surround sound, plasmas in everyroom including the bathroom in the mirror, and in the bar.  The furniture was modern and amazing.  Everything was controlled via a remote control from the lights, TV, DVD, to the curtains.The beds were great too, not the softest or plushest, but nice.  Could of used softer sheets like the W or Encore.  Plenty of closet space and drawers too.The bedroom bathrooms were incredible.  The bathtub was state of the art with multiple jets, lights, and even filled with water from the ceiling!  There was a large mirror w/ a tv and side mirror.  The towels could of been a little more plush and larger, but did the job.  The glass shower was great as well complete with shower head that rained and 3 jets of water. But the best part by far was the amazing toilets!  Automatically opens when you stand in front, heated seat, bidet function, remote with multiple ways to use it, and one-touch flush.Amenities:- plasma TV's w/ cable- free wi-fi access- access to the business center in the lobby- mini store in lobby- 24 hour FREE Fitness Center- free parking w/ valet available- parking structure availableRoom Service:As we had such as great room, we took advantage and stayed in for dinner.  Food was fast and quick.  Good selection.  We dined on the chicken strips, burger, and side of veggies, while watching the provided copies of Entourage that was included with the room.Pool:The pool area was like Red Rock's only smaller.  It had cabanas and nice seats.  The pool was large.  As it was way too cold to test it out I look forward to it in July when I return.Overall, great place to stay especially if you want to get away from the crowds or need to be near the Las Vegas Motor Speedway.  I'm sure locals love this place as it can be a vacation away from a vacation town.
4	This review is only for the Casino!  I played here two days since visiting family nearby.  This place is as clean and new as a casino gets...It just opened in November, 2008 so it better be!  It is on the smaller side, but makes it easy to find things, not like the circle mazes in some places.  All the slots were operational, unfortunately I found them to be tight.  Table games always had a seat, dealers were friendly and most of the other players are nice locals.  The waitresses came by frequently enough for drink orders.  I think the service at these "local" casinos is nice since they're really looking for the repeat customers.  Overall a good place to go if you happen to be in the area.
3	MRKT Sea & Land (http://www.aliantecasinohotel.com/dining/mrkt.php)Some friends and I went out to MRKT on a Wednesday evening; the three of them wanted to take advantage of the 2-for-1 prime rib special between 5 and 6pm. We were seated promptly. The dining room was pretty sparsely filled. Maybe that's due to the economy, maybe it was the early hour, and maybe it was the a la carte menu -- a $15-$25 entree and $5-$7 sides runs up the tab right quick. Even moreso if you take advantage of their gargantuan wine selection! (We didn't.)Two of us ordered soft drinks: a lemonade and an Arnold Palmer (half lemonade, half iced tea). My Arnold Palmer was almost too sweet to drink. A sip of the straight up lemonade revealed a serious lack of tartness.We enjoyed a breadbasket while reviewing the menu. Personally, I'm hard on restaurants with bad bread. It's tough to screw this up, and if you do, it's telling as to how the rest of the service is going to be. Fortunately, the basket came to our table filled with delicious warm bread in three varieties: dark sweet raisin and nut loaf, lightly salted soft pretzel sticks, and a simple, though still yummy, sourdough.Our server was outgoing and a joy to dine with. When one of our party changed her order, subbing a MRKT chopped salad (with pancetta in every bite!) for the butternut squash soup (on the suggestion of the woman at the table next to ours, who sent hers back with a critique of "not enough squash" and "Wolfgang Puck's is better"), he left the slightly less expensive soup on the bill instead of the salad, saving us a dollar or two. (Of course, that was added to his tip.)The Blue Nut Salad is an interesting combination of mixed greens, halved red and green grapes, and candied pecans, tossed in a fresh, peppery sort of vinaigrette and served with a pinch bowl of crumbled blue cheese. I say "interesting" because while I think I know what they were trying to achieve -- balancing the sweetness of the pecans and grapes with the strong cheese -- I think they missed the mark. Also, I should add that while I was happy with the amount of "fixins" in my salad-as-entree (though the pecans were stuck together in a few big chunks), two of our party shared this salad before their entree and were disappointed with what seemed to be just a pile of leaves.When the two that ordered prime rib received their entrees -- WOW! These were big, tender cuts of meat. The flavor was a little lacking, but for a 2-for-1 special, you definitely got your money's worth. The same might not be said if we'd paid full price for each of these. The last member of our group ordered the tuna mahi appetizer as an entree; wonderful flavor, again tender, and the presentation was beautiful.We split between the group three sides: a sweet potato, baked potato, and asparagus. I don't think I've ever seen a larger sweet potato in my life! The potatoes each came with a trio of toppings. The asparagus came, as requested, drizzled with lemon juice; this is, with a little salt and pepper, the best way to eat asparagus, in my opinion.Full up, we passed on dessert and were left comfortably at our table to chat, no rush. All in all, MRKT seems best suited to big eaters and date nights -- each of you can order an entree and split one of the large-portioned sides.
3	This is a newer casino in the northwest area of Las Vegas.  It has an odd decor to me, seems kind of 70ish with tons of brown and orange.  Everything old in new again I suppose. They have an Original Pancake House, TGIFridays, Buffet, some sort of mexican place, MRKT, a winebar and ETA lounge.  They also have a food court with things like pizza and a Johnny Rockets.  Also attached is a huge Regal Theater.  I like that if you order a pizza from them they give you a little buzzer and bring it straight to your show when it's ready.  What I didn't like about it was they refused to take my Entertainment Book coupon for tickets.  Also the menu is on a moving screen, and it can get annoying when your trying to look at it and it changes to a movie preview.  Really?  WTF?I also find that Aliante sends me tons of coupons for 2-for-1 buffets, meals, and free slot play, and honestly I don't gamble all that much to deserve such freebies.  Over all it's a nice place.  It's not my favorite Station Casino, but it's nice and right off the 2-15, so it's easy to find.
4	Aliante Station casino and buffet are really nice. The casino has the whole brown and orange color scheme going on. I guess that's in again. The buffet is what I concentrated on. We were there with lots of family, so a big group, including some kids. The food was pretty good and the staff very friendly. I have no thought on the price, since another family member paid for us all. I've also been to their movie theater with a friend, which was like any other movie theater experience to me.All-in-all I'm a fan, I'll be back.
2	ok the hotel is laid out like its W even the rooms..thats the only pro i can find..cons are theres only one convenient store in the casino..and if that store is closed..ur assed out..u migght have to use a ziplock..u used to keep ur toothpaste and toothbrush..i asked for them to clean the room after five..they said thats the time the maids have their siestas...wthell.no they said the shut off time is 5..k..the place is like a high end WHISKEY PETES...its like a ghost town..on a SAT afternoon..there was about 25 people in the whole casino..thats including the workers..really DEPRESSING..the pool area is design nice with cabanas...on a hot day there was about 5 people there..which can be a good or bad thing...oh yeah the slots here sucks..well to me..anyways..not much progressives..no people..deserted..oh man im depress just thinking about this place..the tables are EMPTY...do not go to the breakfast..unless you want the left overs from last night..they had pizzas and turkeys for breakfast.. nice casino thats gonna turn to a ghost town soon...
4	This Casino is very nice. Better than any casino in downtown Vegas and can almost hang with the big dogs on the strip. I went to the ETA longe when I first moved out here and I loved the vibe in there. The bouncers were laid back and there wasnt a crazy strict dress code. Casual was the norm BUT not too casual. Will definitely be checking this place out again.
4	Aliante Hotel and Casino provides an excellent off strip hotel experience.  The hotel is brand new and the prices are very reasonable.  The staff is very nice and very helpful.  The rooms are very comfortable and all of the appointments are very modern and slick.  The hotel has numerous excellent restaurants and an on site movie theater.I definitely recommend Aliante Casino and Hotel.
4	This is a very nice casino.  The buffet  was so nice, tons of choses ( BBQ, Asian, Italian, TexMex, American, Salads, and of course a great selection of desserts.  Also they have Steak and Shrimp night on Thursday , Friday, and Saturday nights. We went on Saturday and had plate loads of shrimps (damn good also).  The price is very good, but the service for drinks was pretty slow. We then hit up the sports bar,  the first rounds of drinks was good but then the next one the glasses got smaller and the price stayed the same. Not really sure what that was all about. We then walked around the casino and checked out the pool area. Seems like a very clean and nice place.  I would difinitely check it out again when in town.
5	Hubby booked us a staycation for mother's day weekend and we stayed in a VERY luxe room. The rooms are incredible as well as the bathroom. The bathrrom had an amaaaaazing tub with all the trimmings and ooh's and aaahhh's as well as tvs in there. We went to the pancake house for breakfast the following morning, YUM-O! HUGE portions! hubby got pancakes and i got the omelet, which i had no idea that it would come out so big. it was sooo good and so much i actually had to get a box for it so i can munch on it the rest of the morning ( i was 7 months pregnant at the time so it made sense to not waste such good food and knowing id be hungry again in no time). overall the hotel is a great addition to our neighborhood.  The buffet is one of the better ones i've gone to. Lots of varieties and choices of stations. we had good service with our waiter. I loved the steak and shrimp being that we went on  saturday. Def worth the money!
4	Wife and I were looking for a get-away weekend to Vegas.  Normally we stay on the Strip, but we decided to take a different route this time to avoid the crowds and congestion.  Never heard of Aliante but the pictures on Expedia looked inviting so we took a chance and booked two nights and were we rewarded!   The size was nothing to brag about but the rooms were clean, modern and functional.   The hotel itself was top notch.  The casino area was separated from the hotel rooms so it created a separation and felt like entering the hotel area was secluded from the casino.  The restaurant options were varied as were the bars & clubs.  All employees we encountered were friendly, informative and helpful.  Keep in mind, this hotel is out of the way so don't expect the "typical" Vegas experience, but if you're looking for a quiet weekend get-away, the Aliante is a good choice.
5	This is my Saturday night spot! I love the lights and going to eat here. Yes it is a casino so THEY ARE SUPPOSE TO TAKE your  money. But it's loads of entertainment. Their buffets are decent too
5	Well i stayed here for a week and i was very impressed with the hotel very lavish and the pool was really nice too. the rooms were awesome big plasma TVs  and very comfortable bed's i def would recommend it to anyone who wants to be off the strip.. and there is stil plenty to do there
2	Maybe I'm just a little harsh because I'm a Vegas local and I'm use to everything being over-the-top, but seriously now that Aliante Station has been open over a year, I'm really let down.      When Aliante first opened in October 2008, we were all really excited to have such a one-stop entertainment destionation on this side of town, which is far underdeveloped commercially. Way to many houses, not enough retail, food, etc. We were initially impressed the first few months. Evrything was open, there was always an excess of lanes and registers everywhere, plenty of employees, the Regal Theaters always had a great selection of showtimes, and the rooms were spectacular for an off-Strip hotel. The last time we stayed at the hotel in December 2009, the rooms had gone downhill from our previous stay in February 2009. Lights were out, buttons and knobs were broken, the mini fridge had pieces falling off and was not stocked, and the HD TV sevice was no more. On top of all that, there was only one person at check-in and check out each time, and the were usually preoccupied.    As for the casino side which we visit more often (or use to), since the opening, Dunkin Dounts has closed, the hours at most the food places have been shortened, the Regal theaters have horrible showtimes now, it is almost always more convient to just make the extra drive to another theater. There are never enough tables open, never more than one cashier window open, and the WORST part is that the often only have THREE floors open in the parking garage out of SIX. HALF of the entire parking garage is closed. Why even build it?!?! I suppose I'm just spoiled living in Las Vegas my whole life and having parking plentiful, but the parking situation was a dealbreaker for me, and I'm one of those people that doesn't mind having to walk a medium distance from car to front door. It is stupid to me when the garage is full, so we are forced to drive the wrong way up the down ramp just to find any space, besides the 60 handicap spaces on level 3. (Level 1 is employee and Valet, and Level 2 is mostly reserved for high level casino card members), so you can see my frustration. Just let us drive up to level 6, no traffic to fight, enjoy a nice view on my way in, and get on with our night.     In closing, the enitre property is brand new, and most of it really nice, but until they figure out what the word "service" means, I'll be taking my buisness to somewhere that is actually prepaired for customers. Unless you enjoy waiting in lines on a Saturday night where only one person is staffed at the movie box office and concessions, and where staff is so thin else where to the point that all you can do is watch from a distance other people having a good time, I would advise you to think twice, take the extra drive, and go elsewhere as well.
4	I like this local casino. Has some great bars, food and movie theater. Only thing missing is a bowling alley. Hint Hint Station
4	This miniature version of Red Rock Casino is a great addition for North Las vegas.  It also has one of the best movie theaters in town.
3	I went to Aliante on a recent trip to Vegas. It reminded me a lot of Red Rock Casino. It's clean and spacious just like Red Rock. The overall looks is very Red Rock too. Very simple. It's also nice because when you walk in, you don't get overwhelmed with the smell of smoke. Here you can't really smell the smoke at all. Unlike Red Rock, there didn't seem to be much folks here though. It could be because it's far from the strip but then again so is Red Rock. It is a local casino but I've been to other local casinos that had more visitors. One side of the casino had a whole bunch of empty slot machines hehe...someone made a comment that it could be because it's hard to win money here. There's plenty of things here to do with the family or with your friends. There's a giant food court where there is a Dairy Queen, an Orange Julius, a 24 hour Johnny Rockets and a submarine sandwich place. There is also an Original Pancake House here :). There's also a movie theater and an arcade. They have an ETA lounge/club with bright cool pink lights. It seemed like an alright place. I wouldn't say it's the most happening place but if you want just kinda a quiet not so crowded place, then this maybe your spot. Not quite sure if you'll win the jackpot here though lol.
1	Do not attempt to block off rooms here!  If the Aliante Station directs you to Teuila Kaimikaua, the sales manager for the Aliante Station, my best advice to you is to find another hotel.  My fiancee and I have been attempting to block off rooms at the Aliante Station (180 invited guests; all from out of town) for our guests.  Instead of promoting the hotel and bringing business in during these troubled economic times, Teuila has not returned several phone calls or emails, and when we do finally talk to her, she does nothing but offer excuses as to why we have to wait for a group code.  As a professional who just moved to Las Vegas, who has recently become aware of Las Vegas' soaring unemployment rate and hurting businesses, I cannot believe that an employee of a station casino that has recently filed for Chapter 11 would not be more accommodating.Oh, and though it is not a "resort" station casino, kudos to Marilyn from Santa Fe for getting back to us within 24 hours.  THAT'S how station casino employees should conduct business.
5	I booked the "Date nignt out" package for my husband's birthday. It included a room, $50.00 credit toward dinner at Mrket and 2 movie tickets. When we checked in, we were told that we had been upgraded to a suite for free due to availability!!!  We were so surprised and grateful.  The suite was amazing. It had a living room, small kitchen, bedroom, huge bathroom with a spillover spa tub, TV in the mirror and HUGE shower for 2.  The suite had 2 large flat screens as well.  The decor is perfect and the beds are so cozy.   We can't wait to stay again!
4	Why do gamblers lie  so much?  It seems they always overstate how much they win, and rarely admit how much they lose. Yeah, you're gambling superman. But I noticed your once fat wallet, bulging on the flight to Sin City,  was razor thin on the way back to the OC - LOL.  By law, the casinos have to give 90 per cent or so of their income to gamblers. That means...over the long run, you'll lose.  Alainte Station Casino and Hotel will probably take your money too. At least if you go to this casino, it's beautiful and well run.  It's safe, clean, and spacious.  It's only a few years old, with ample parking.  The air filtration system is newer and stronger than most of the casinos on the strip, so you can usually avoid smelling too much smoke.  The bathrooms are always super clean, as are the restaurants.  They have TGI Fridays and a new Italian restaurant that gets great reviews.  Their popular food choice is the buffet, like it is in most casinos.  If you're a frequent gambler, or complete one of their restaurant surveys, you'll start to get two for one coupons to the buffet.  What is cool is their Friday night seafood buffet for $17.99.  The place is a zoo from about 5 PM till about 8 PM. The last time I was there, they had all you can eat boiled snow crab, along with cold crab legs, ceviche, lobster in Chinese dishes, and lots of shrimp prepared fried, sauteed, on ice, and boiled.  Sometimes, they'll have shrimp creole.  Occasionally they'll have crawfish, and other fish selections like salmon and some white fish baked.  My brother filled out one of those survey forms, got a 2 for 1 coupon, and I ate for FREE!  There's no way they make any money on this as  all of the local food hypereaters show up. Unlike my cousins, my mom is on a fixed income.  So she plays once a week, usually on the weekend, on her favorite machines.  She spends $20 max.  Her rule is that she cannot lose more than $20, and at that point, she goes home.  She will sometimes come home empty handed.  But on her birthday, she won $400 on the penny machines.  Funny thing is, some lady from her Church took her machine after mom won, and she lost $100!  Yikes, my mom says the key is knowing when to stop.  They have a hotel also, and they offer locals some pretty good deals. We've had lots or relatives stay and play there.  Overall, this is a convenient casino for those living in North Las Vegas.  My mom is only 3 miles away, a great temptation to over gamble, but  thankfully, she's always been financially responsible.  Thank God for that, and with her winnings, paid for my return flight back to the OC!  Yeah mom.
4	Loves it! I have a higher chance of winning here than I do at other casino's in the LV area. Plus, the chaces of getting a drink while gambling are much higher than other local places. The only downside is that this casino looks EXACTLY like a few other casinos built around the same time frame. What happened to originality?
4	This place is about 5 miles from my house, making it much closer than the strip. They are very friendly. The casino is newer and modern. The only upgrade they need is to vent the air, it smells like an ashtray! There is a Camachos, TGIFridays, Johnny Rockets and Feast Buffet. The buffet is the nicest ive seen out here and cleanest!
4	*Casino only review* As we wander farther and farther from the strip in search of good video poker, we seem to be finding good surprises!  Aliente Station would be one of those.  Yes, it's a bit of a drive if you're staying on the strip or downtown.  Kind of a cool drive, although at one point I wondered if the GPS was wrong, as we seemed to be just left of nowhere.  But eventually, there it was, rising out of the desert like a mirage.  Here's what we didn't expect:  the place is beautiful, along the lines of Red Rock.  I would not hesitate to stay here, and I'm really kind of a picky bitch about hotels.  So about 10 seconds after we sit down, a casino employee appears.  "Are you Jeff?" she asks the man seated next to me, who happens to be my husband.  Upon verification, she presents him with a birthday gift of a big cup filled with a t-shirt, dice, cards and a couple other little items that escape me now.  Very nice touch, since it was, in fact, his birthday.So, to end this meandering, seemingly pointless review, we had a good time at Aliente Station.  It's clean and the buffet is identical to every other Station buffet, not great, not bad, decent.  For us, what stood out was the GREAT video poker, which is what sent us there to begin with, and the very friendly employees.  It doesn't hurt that we left with a hell of a lot more cash than we walked in with, either.
4	+comfy beds+flat screen+beautiful decor in & our of room+restaurants in casino+deep tubs+pool & hot tub+Customer service was professional-Far from strip-No bowling alley
4	This is a great hotel and casino with a lot of different restaurants. The casino is spacious and it doesn't smell like smoke. They are always running specials for locals and military.
4	Buffet Review only for Black Friday pigs by a pig!For all you pigs out there (like me), you can pig out and get another huge meal the day after Thanksgiving.  Imagine turkey with all the trimmings plus more for $9.99 for lunch, but we got it for $6.99.  So how did we manage that?  We started eating breakfast at 10:20. We got eggs, bacon, potatoes, and sausage with fruit.  We then had cheese blintzes topped with blueberries, cherries, and whipped cream.  At 10:45, they started putting out the lunch buffet stuff. This little piggy (me) went back for more.  Surprisingly, there were some healthy choices.  I opted for a lage spoonful each of of low cal cabbage slaw, collard greens, potatoes made several different ways (I skipped fried), dirty rice, fried chicken breast, bacon mac and cheese and lots of fresh fruit.  Also, I had a mini one bite red velvet cupcake and mini eclair.  Verdict?  Very good overall for a buffet.  The fried chicken was my least favorite item as it reminded me of Alberton's Fried Chicken - not bad, greasy, but just okay.  The rest of the stuff was overall better than most buffet food.  There are plenty of unhealhty coices, just for the record.  There was roast beef and ham cut to order besides the turkey breast, pulled pork beef brisket grilled pork chops, several fish and shrimp dishes, several pasta (Fettucine Alfredo) There's a decent Mexican, BBQ, Chinese, and American food and plenty of desserts and ice cream bar, along with their salad and soup bar.  And my picture taking spree took the chef by surprise and told me their policy is no picture taking of the buffets.  Why I wonder, it's definitely more photogenic and cleaner here than most buffets on the strip.  "OK" I told him. And it would be publicity for this place. So please check out my photos before I get arrested.My main comment about the casino is that the air filtration system iks top notch.  There are lots of smokers, but when you leave there, you won't feel like second hand smoke is killing you like most older casinos.  Lots of winners, but even more losers, like any other casino. Aliante is very clean and new, and very safe.  There are motion detection cameras every 15 feet or so, and lots of security officers walking around checking everyone out.
4	We live relatively close to Aliante Station. Never used their rooms but the casino is a nice place if you don't like it too crowded. If you live in this area I recommend getting a membership card, and collect points every time you use the machines. Once you have enough points you can redeem your points against food or other things. Aliante Station is a good alternative to the always so busy strip. It is located in the North Las Vegas area in a relatively new building. Inside is very clean and staff is always friendly and helpful. There is a small food Cort,  a Buffet and if I'm not wrong a Bar. So far I only have tried the breakfast buffet and really liked it.
4	Amenities: 3.5Food: 3-4Service: 3.5-4Convenience: 3Value: 3.5Bottom Line: For the price the rooms were nice and clean with modern furnishings. If you don't plan on going to the strip too often then this is a nice place to hang out.Amenities: Food: Service: Convenience: Value:
4	One of my fave local spots. Nothing too fancy but, I like the sportsbook a lot here and it is clean and new.
4	Spent most of NYE at the Aliante - my first visit  and rightly so since it's a pain to get to ! The place reminds me of Red Rock - not sure if it's a mini- Red Rock, but close to.Enjoyed bingo ( though we didn't win ) , the food court - getting some fast food to eat while playing bingo ( Capriotti's and villa pizza  ) , their night club ( Journey cover band - DSB ) was decent with a nice sized dance floor where we basically danced the night away .Prior to the  nite cub, we got our game on in the Casino - gf won at wheel of fortune ( stupid penny machine ) and video poker ;  I shredded the craps table ( i'm very afraid right now - I have a 7 session craps winning streak - i'm due to get my ass handed to me ! ) Overall, a nice casino and i'm jealous we don't have a comparable venue in the SW.
4	Aliante Station Casino and Hotel is a fairly new casino. I love that the staff are very friendly and have great customer service. Inside the casino is a Regal Cinema Theatre and there are also many food accomindations. There are DQ/Orange Julius, Johhny Rockets, Pancake House, Panda Express, Vivinos and many more. The casino is away from the strip and most locals are more familar with it and therefore less packed and is clean.
4	We spent a few hours in the ETA Lounge on a Friday night.  It was about 7PM when we arrived and left around 10pm.  While it wasn't too busy, the drinks were good and cheap.  This bar/lounge is similar to other station casino center lounges.  The atmosphere was hip and fun.  The 2 man band began around 8:30PM and we really enjoyed the alternative 80's and other music they played.  We'll definitely be back and invite some friends, too!
4	$1 Beer & Hot Dogs!! Doesn't get any better than that!Grab a $1 beer and watched the Pats vs Jets play off game [btw YAY JETS!!] they have 3 huge screens perfect for watching sports! But I really like this casino! It also has a movie theater inside and the buffet is super cheap, probably not great but it's cheap! Somewhere between $4.99-$6.99Plus I won in roulette! I hit my numbers 3 times! Go ME! :]
4	I have to say we went there for NYE and had a great time. It was well organized event and all the staff was friendly especially on a busy night.HAD A BLAST !!! ROCK IN 2011
4	My business partner and I stop in here from time to time to meet and have a few drinks.  It's a beautiful property, but it was built at the wrong time.  It opened during the start of the recession and the area around it is full of foreclosures.....which means this place is always dead when we're here.Despite the low business volume, it's still a fun place to come.  The employees are friendly and you can always find a seat at the bar or get a table in a restaurant.  I don't think we've ever had to wait any more than a few minutes for a table.My buddy likes to gamble and he loves the video poker machines here.  He's pretty lucky and says he's "beating the house".....yeah right.I really like how clean they keep this place, so I'm sure I'll be back.Return Factor - 75%
4	Overall a very nice hotel themed i believe more towards a 70s atmosphere ...alot of orange colors and brown...and what you would expect of a normal las vegas hotel,also has a 3D movie theater.
2	I got a coupon from Station Casinos when this property opened. I have stayed at the Red Rock Station several times and loved it, so we thought we'd give their newest property a try. First off, the directions on their website are wrong. They take you the longest, most roundabout way. It took us over an hour to get there. My mom and I lived in Vegas for several years, and even WE thought we were lost forever. Our room sucked. Several lights were burnt out and this property hadn't even been open a year. Even the toilet paper roll holder was ripped out of the wall! Ghetto! The restaurants are different from other Station properties. The service we received was so bad that we drove around and looked for a Fresh & Easy and got our own food for our remaining day.
2	Ridiculous experience! My husband and I borrowed a trailer from a friend to move some large furniture. He lives on the north side of town by Aliante. We stopped, with the trailer to have breakfast. Around 830am, we tried to park on the west side if the casino.  With our truck and trailer, we took up 2 parking spaces.  However, we were stopped by a bike security officer.  He informed us, since we had the trailer, we had to park on the east side of the casino.  Although I know he was simply doing his job...Here's where I have the issue with this...#1 NO ONE WAS THERE! The parking lot was COMPLETELY empty!  Regardless of whether we parked on the east or west side, we were going to take up 2 spaces!  #2 Okay, if you want to have specific trailer/large vehicle parking...there better be signs to show the designation.  There are no signs stating where trailers/large vehicles are allowed to park.  #3 When he told us we had to park on the east side of the casino, he didn't tell us we had to leave the parking lot.  We didn't know where we were supposed to go! I could see how this could be an issue if there were an event going on or if it was a busy evening.  This was definitely not the case.  We just wanted to go there, have breakfast, return the trailer to our friend and be on our way back to the Southwest.  We were starving and this was way too big of a hassle.  Not appreciated at all.
4	I LOVE coming to the Noche Latino night on Saturday nights! $5 for local men and women (not sure for out of state) ... They have a live band that starts playing all the good stuff around 11pm until 3am.. And when the live band isn't playing they have regaton, salsa, merengue, you name it! playing. It's not like a club, but more of a showcase room with dance floor, huge stage, and lots of tables and booths available to sit at. The best part is the VIP, which is not only EXTREMELY cheap (Less than $200 depending on what kind of bottle you get) compared to clubs on the strip, but the booths are placed right on the dance floor- so easy access. If you call in advance and get there early, you can choose which booth you want- Love IT!! The drinks are not that expensive, and they usually have drink specials like 2 for 1. The crowd is a mix of young and older people. Its great to come down with a group of friends ready to have fun and dance. :D
4	This place is located in BFE (Bum Fuck Egypt) Unless you live in Aliante then its right down the street. I like playing here because a lot of the tables  are $5 minimum bet. The dealers are very nice. I love going to ETA lounge all the bartenders and waitresses are so friendly. It's a breath if fresh air when they are not hustling for tips. It's a local place. It's nice and new still.  Try this place out instead if of the strip...you may just like it better.
4	Great spot for anyone wanting to get away from the strip's crowds and expensive ass drinks. The pool is very nice, always has open lounge chairs. The pool is a salt water pool, kinda neat. ETA is a fun bar, which always has live music Friday and Saturday! Sports book is great during football season. Dollar beer and hot dogs during every game. Overall one of the nicest station casino, second to red rock. If you live on the north side, this is where you need to be.
4	Located in north Las Vegas, it's a 20 minute drive to the strip. The facility is new and gorgeous. Nice pool, 24 hour hot tub. Service throughout the facility was awesome.
1	Went to aliante Station casino for the first time tonight to cash my calif unemployment check. They would not cash it. Karen the cashier explained that they do not cash california unemployment checks. By the way I have all necessary id & my station casinos "preferred" card. Also I have been cashing my unemployment checks at red rock casino without a problem. Go figure.......
3	Went to eat at the FEAST Buffet with my in-laws and it was pretty good. I guess if you are going to pay $7 per person, you get what you pay for. Food was not extraordinary but did like the dessert bar! Yummy cakes, yogurts, ice creams, and assorted fruits.  Wish the salad bar was more inviting though, Sweet Tomatoes/Fresh Choice even has a better selection! However, being that it is WAY off the strip, definitely a nice quiet place to chill and avoid the crazy crowds.
4	my husband and I love it here. The atmosphere is great, and the people are always friendly. We're regulars at the movie theater here as well as at the food court.
4	Was here earlier this week for a company sales meeting.  I'm going to be brief and to the point:Pros:1) Very nice property.  Rooms are at the level (or better) than many hotels on the strip. Beautiful pool area.2) Friendly staff, good service3) VERY reasonable room prices.4) I'm not a gambler, but if you are a small stakes gambler, there aren't too many places in Vegas you can find penny and nickel slots and $5 tables.5) Full movie multi-plex on property.Cons:1) There is NOTHING else around this property  You are at least 20 minutes drive from the strip and 30 minutes to the airport.  (Some may consider this to be a pro.)  TIP:  If you stay here and you're flying in, make sure to make arrangements to catch the hotel shuttle.  A cab will cost you about $100.Who would want to stay here - Families that want a nice property and a place where the kids can have a little freedom at the pool.  Seniors looking for a nice property at a reasonable cost.Who would not want to stay here - If you're in Vegas to experience "VEGAS", this is NOT the place for you.  Great property, but just too far from the action.No complaints about this place at all ... lost a star simply for its remote location.
4	Love going to see movies here.  Always stop at my favorite slot machine on the way out.  Movie concessions are a bit on slow slide though.  5 minutes from my house
2	Do not expect to get good service or even a single cocktail at the machines. As far as waitress go, this place was a ghost town. I usually frequent Red Rock casino because a) I am a gambler and b) It's in my neighborhood. For August, however, stations casinos sent me a mailer good for only Aliante Station so I passed up Red Rock to drive 20+ miles out of my way and check this place out. I am a platinum player at Stations so it is fair to say that I put a decent amount of money through the casino and a good amount of time sitting at the video poker machines. So much time, that I expect at least a few passes from the cocktail waitress while I play. Not so at this property. I didn't see a single waitress serving slot players nor was I offered a single cocktail in the hour+ that I spent gambling at this place. The only reason I gave this property 2 stars is that I walked away with a profit and that was the only saving grace of this outing.
4	Beautiful place and beautiful room.  You will not smell cigarette smoke inside the casino unless you are standing next to a smoker.  Room is not expensive.  However, it is very far away from the strip or any other interesting attraction.  Buffet is good and inexpensive with the boarding pass.
3	Decent buffet. Helps that it's free. not bad gaming either. My advice, drop a few twenties in the slots and start receiving coupons for free dining. It really takes the edge off the buffet prices.
1	Coctail service is there but takes a lifetime to actually get your drink. Slot Machines are the worst paying I have ever expirenced, Period. Its ashame becasue it is a great location and nice clean property. It's just the payback is so terrible.
4	Went to stay overnight for my.girlfriends 40th birthday. The.room was clean and nice. Until we opened the refrigerator. The handle was missing so we had to get creative. I don't think or had been wiped out in a while.  We also hung some streamers in the room and found lots of dust on tops of lights and frames. Now, I don't normally check for dust, so I'm not going to to deduct points for that. Overall the staff was friendly and we enjoyed ourselves very much. I am going to go back with my kids and stay mid week so we can take advantage of the discounts and pool!
4	Aliante Station is my local casino, and I'm lucky for that.  It has similar decor to Red Rock, a decent buffet and food court, and a really nice movie theater.  My favorite part though is that it is never insanely crowded like Red Rock can sometimes be.  It's a nice, mellow casino.I never spend time gambling here.  The few times I've tried to gamble at the slots, it just sucked up my money without even a little tease of wining 10 cents back.  So, I go here for the movies and food only.I've seen the pool and it's very nice, as well as the hotel/lobby area.  It's a little smoky, but there are definitely more notorious casinos for second hand smoke inhalation.  The only restaurant I've been to is Pasta Cucina and it was ok; not bad but nothing to write home about.  There's a large sports book if you ever want to catch a game.Note: this place is way out on the edge of town.  If you don't live this way, I don't really see the need to stop up here.  To those visiting Vegas, this property isn't anywhere near the Strip and there is nothing really to do on this side of town.  However, if you are interested in only visiting the Speedway, it is one of the closest places to stay.
3	You've seen one station casino, you've seen them all. We decided to make the 30 minute drive out to this 'newer' location to see what the hype was about. I wont say that I was dissapointed, but I wasn't astonished either. This is by far the smallest of the Station's and the decor is very similar to Red Rock's. I was surprised to discover that the casino floor had nearly any table games! 6 tops! The lounge was attractive and Access (their club) was purtttty. All that being said, I'd check it out if youre in the neighborhood but if your not, dont make the trek.
4	Rooms - 5 starsCasino - 3-4 starsBuffet - 2 starsAliante has some of the nicest 'off strip' rooms around.  Very well appointed with a flat screen HD tv, comfy bed and pillows, walk in shower, and modern decor.  If you've ever stayed at Red Rock... this is the same room, but smaller.  Surprisingly however, the shower is twice the size. (only real complaint about RR)  The room and bathroom are smaller than RR, but look and feel the same.  And the Alainte, because of its location, is a lot less expensive than RR.The casino is clean, comfortable, and kinda dead.  Its never very crowded.  If you're looking for table game action, you're better off elsewhere.  However, there are tons of machines, a large sportsbook, and a decent poker room.The buffet is cheap ($9.99 for dinner w/ players card), but really not very good.  Poor selection, bland, and for the most part overcooked food.  You can't go wrong with the breakfast buffet though at $4.99.It's far north, really far north.  But if you're looking for a nice, upscale, 'calm' place to stay Aliante fits the bill.
3	Every casino is the same in some aspects. While Aliante doesn't have a particular theme to it, it is very similar to other Station Casinos in Vegas. Aliante is only convenient if you live in the area or within 20 minutes of it. Otherwise, I wouldn't waste my time making the trek up here unless you're a die hard Yelper who's bound to check into this casino anyways.Besides from being a standard Station Casino, they have a TGIFriday's chain, a movie theater with IMAX movies, a small food court, and gambling machines and tables galore. Most of their restaurants in here are VERY much on the higher end of dining, so if you're looking to have a romantic date or a nice dinner out, there are some choice restaurants to look into. Besides that, the sports book here is usually on the busy end.
1	I prepaid for a room for two nights as part of one of their promotions.  When I got there, I ended up getting stuck with a lot extra fees that were never mentioned.  The two nights cost me almost $200 for a special promotion that said "70% off."  I call BS.When we got there the guy at the counter said they only had one room left so we were in luck..  excuse me?  I already PAID..  I shouldn't need to be lucky to receive a room I already paid for and drove this far to get to..When we got into the room it was DISGUSTING and smelled like old cigars and made me want to throw up.  We spent about 3 minutes in this SMOKING ROOM before I said I couldn't handle it.  I specifically said NON SMOKING on the website.We went back downstairs to request a non smoking room and he looked a little annoyed.  He told us that was all he had until I said I was going to flip out if we didn't get a full refund.  He then said we could have a different room but it had two beds instead of our king sized bed that I booked.  I thought we had just gotten the last room in a stroke of luck?  Oh well, whatever, we took the room and it was fine.The rest of our time there was fine.  Nothing too special but nothing bad.  All in all I wouldn't pay money to go there again.
5	Awesome!!!! Away from the hustle and bustle of the Strip.  It was like we had our own private casino! SO DOPE!!! I cannot wait to venture to Vegas again!
4	The review is for the casino area only. I did not stay at the hotel.  Dropped the kids off to the movies while we went to play bingo.  The casino was kind of empty. Friendly staff, clean casino..
4	Very nice room, spacious bath too. New modern decor, with comfortable bed and linens. The hotel says it is "dog friendly" which while it does accept dogs for a fee, has no designated area to walk your dog. The fee for our dog was 2x the price of the room for the adults. We would of liked to pay a deposit instead of the extra 100. if the dog had made a mess or caused a problem, but he was quiet and had no problems. The dog was cleaner than most kids. We stayed here for one night before we moved into the area. Would recommend to out of town guests. Pool area quite nice. Staff friendly. Restaurants were good as well.
3	Station Casinos hook it up. I got comped  food, rooms for 3 days, paid me to go and gave me money to play with. Not sure what I did but I think they must have bought the former VIP players list from Caesars or something (yeah I was young and dumb back then lol)They gave me 3 nights at any Station owned property so came here because it's one of the newer and looked like a resort from the pictures...so wanted to see what it was all about. We were in town on the strip and figured it can't be that far away....boy I was wrong. I took the freeway which was straight retarded and made me go literally around the perimeter of Las Vegas, then I took sidestreets to this place the next trip which let me tell you DO NOT DO. Side streets, it looks like a shortcut on the map but sucks. Plus coming from the strip to this area isn't fun, maybe it was the route I took but it was straight hood..Overall,  the Casino and Hotel here is really nice, it looks and feels like a resort and is very similar to the layout of Red Rock. It is way out there...literally some roads lead to the mountain side of the edge of Las Vegas. It's a total locals place because it's way out there - most players seem to be locals and I am almost certain no one comes from out of town to stay here. At late night there were about a total of 5 tables going and a whole mess of slot machines (just like Red Rock). The rooms were very nice and modern. There was even this modern pillow that was long and hairy that we found amusing.  The pool was very nice and since this place was empty we got to use the Cabanas. I also went and used the Gym just because I felt like a slob after slamming the buffet a few times - towels and water provided in there and of course it was empty. It's a shame this place is so far out there, I'm sure it would have done well if the housing market didn't crash and North LV with it. By the way, the surrounding areas are really nice and empty. To give you an idea, I went to Target to buy some contact solution and at 6PM literally there was one line open and maybe 5 customers...total. 3 stars because the place was great and people were nice. There really wasn't anything special about the place but it was very clean, modern and new.
4	Went to check it out  because I'd never been before.  Did not stay, just played.  Casino was clean, smelled good, smaller table games area, but what they did have was mostly all open so it was fine.  Played Blackjack, Roulette and Craps.  Pit bosses and dealers were clean cut and friendly.  Cocktail service was good.  I don't really live in the area of this casino, but if I did I would come back more often.  Solid place, but nothing amazing.  It's comparable to Red Rock or the M Resort at least in terms of the casino.
4	This is probably the nicest casino for locals in Las Vegas. Very large and spacious, with an amicable staff. The Stations Casinos in general seem fairly generous with the match play cash, which is always appreciated. They're going to get it back anyway, so it's nice to be able to sit for a little longer and feel like I'm getting some entertainment for my money.
4	Very clean, well-kept casino and entertainment venues for adults and kids, good buffet. Safe and well-monitored parking garage.
5	Hosted a small family weekend there last week and I could not be happier! With the exception of the pool bartenders the staff was friendly and even sweet to all of us! It was the most family friendly pool with the best price on a cabbana I have ever paid. about 70 for all day 8 seat with fridge and changing room! On Monday it felt like we had the pool to ourselves! Even the lifeguards were in the water playing with the kids. The rooms and bathrooms were modern clean and spacious. The valet even ran to get our car! It's the only hotel besides the south point I will ever take kids to. AND it was great for my 60 something parents too. What old dad doesn't love free local paper and coffee every morning!
4	My fiance and I went to the Imax theater at Aliante and I was really impressed with how clean and modern the casino is! Like being on the strip without all the tourists!! :) We'll be back for sure!
4	The Aliante is the cleanest most friendly casino in Vegas. This wonderful gem is moderately busy, and has games that are what I would consider fair, not loose but entertaining. While walking around the property the employees make themselves available to the patrons without being annoying. The food court is pleasantly clean and kid friendly, the in-house theatre is a great way to enjoy a little alone time and the kids are entertained. I have truly enjoyed the entire facility and felt welcome.
1	We recently stayed at the Aliante during our wedding weekend and had very mixed emotions about our stay.  The rooms were nice, modern, clean, and relaxing.  The pool was nice, although crowded.The biggest concern we had with Aliante was in our dealings with the sales staff.  Throughout the process of booking our stay and arranging group rates for wedding guests it was confusing, frustrating, and deceiving.  The deal they were willing to offer us and our wedding party changed each time we talked to them, and the sales staff seemed to turn over just as frequently.  As the wedding weekend approached we felt we had finally nailed down terms for our hotel room that we were happy with, only to realize upon checkout that our final total was hundreds of dollars higher than what we had agreed upon with the sales staff.  The on-duty manager didn't seem to care, refused to adjust the room rate, and told us to take it up with the sales staff  the next business day.  Upon calling the sales staff they claimed to have no knowledge of our agreed upon rates.  Although they refunded some of our money after spending hours on the phone with them and escalating the problem to the sales manager, they never actually honored the rate their sales staff originally quoted us on the phone.If you are dealing with the sales staff at Aliante, get EVERYTHING in writing because anything they say on phone is worth nothing (and likely to change  from our experience).  Unfortunately, we walked away feeling we could not trust them.
1	My 88 year old mother is a local and goes to this casino at LEAST once a week.  They had some sort of contest and she won 2 free nights.  She invited me to come visit and use the free nights.  When she made the reservation the person at the counter told her the free nights could not be used for those nights because "they were busy" but that she could pay for the rooms at full price!  Obviously they had rooms available but would not honor her free nights.She then spoke to the manager who first looked up my mothers points to see if she was a high roller.  I guess seeing that she is not a high roller, the manager then told her that there was nothing she could do about it.This is supposed to be a "local friendly" casino, but they are not.  They do not care about the loyal locals at this casino!
5	I was super impressed by the pool. Didn't  expect it to be as nice as it was. Very cool to hangout out in mellow setting. Our room was very modern and clean. The bed was comfy! Lost on slots but had a good time. Also ate at MRKT Land and Sea. Bone in rib eye is out of this world. If you asparagus have them grill it!
5	Absolutely the BEST hotel i've ever stayed at, so far. The rooms are gorgeous and very roomy. I LOVE how next to the toilet there's a phone. The shower is big and has a little sitting place, pretty cute. Amazing bed, huge tv and lots of pillows, which I like. Extremely clean rooms and casino area. There's a johnny Rockets, TGIF Friday's, Dairy Queen and other little fast food places. The pool area is very small but extremely nice. The casino part is awesome. It's big with a variety of games and tables.Aliante is super far from the strip about 30 min away, which sucks. But if you don't want to be near the strip, this is the place to stay at.There's an In N Out burgers about 8 mins away. There's also Target and Wincos. There's a CVS across the street though.Bottom lie, i enjoyed my stay at Aliante Station Casino & Hotel and will definitely be coming back.
4	If I get to go to a casino I always want to go to Aliante!  Whats not to love?  Good Food, Fun Slots, Movie Theatre, and Non-Smoking Bingo Room.Love it thereI have never rented a room at Aliante, but I have seen many rooms that my friends and family have stayed at.  They are kinda small but make up for size with cleanliness and the rooms all have a beautiful modern decor.
5	Excellent!!! Super clean, quiet, and good service. Pay less for more quality. But the place is not close to the strip and is for those people who want a relaxing time. It is very kid-friendly.
5	We stayed here on a Thursday night for $28 (Used a Groupon deal)- No Resort Fee! I love this! - Free Wi-Fi at Bistro 57- No Longer a Station Casino! 11/2012 - 4 Diamond hotel! Great view and very clean hotel room. Lots of pillows and sealed shower. Comfortable toilet seats with a V shape made with the toilet paper! - One of the most comfortable sleeps I had in a long time. - Phones say Welcome to me personally!- Fancy and spacious fitness center on the 2nd floor. Impressive view of the pool. - Nice pool. We got in at night for free rather than paying $10 :)- Player's Card*$3 to $1000 in free slot play*10k points on your birthday week. Equivalent to $10 credit. - Even a 6 deck blackjack has no mid-entry! WTF. No $3 Roulette machine.  - Great value! I hope they do it again sometime.
1	This place used to be nice when it was a station casino.  My husband and I went to the Fridays today.  The last time we were at the casino was months ago.  The bathrooms used to be clean and now they are filthy! So gross.
3	Sadly, no more Noche Latino nights as the band that hosted the night is no longer at the showroom :(
3	Room are nice but got dumped in the smoking section, because the rooms we reserved were taken away due to "avalability." My fault for having asthma I guess, plus $5.99 for internet for 24 hours? And that's only 1.5 Mbps.... not very satisfied currently
2	Let's see,  tables and slots did not pay out.  Cocktail waitresses did not make rounds at the slots and it took me 20 minutes to get my drink at the tables after I ordered.  Speaking of the drinks, I don't believe it had a lick of alcohol in them and I was tipping well. I only gave 2 stars due to their friendly staff and decent decor.
