4	As I dragged my poor guy across the Mont Royal Plateau on an epic quest, I was questioning my bagel obsession and asking myself, "Is all this brouhaha really worth a bagel?"  Do birds fly?  Is water wet? Great bagel place - the pretzels are good too!  My only qualm is that they were out of so many specialty flavours and it was really disappointing to not get to try something crazy.  I guess you have to get there early in the morning!  It was really cool to watch the bagels being made from the huge mound of dough and slid into the oven on a giant wooden paddle.  The bagel I finally settled on was good - chewy but with a little crunch to the outside.  They have coffee too!
5	if you've never fallen in love with bagels, don't worry...it's not you.i never knew i could have that orgasmic experience with bagels until i had some at la maison de l'original fairmount.  and if you didn't have that feeling after eating these bagels, yes, then it's YOU...something seriously is wrong with you or you've been very spoiled by your partner!!!
5	who knew that montreal was the place to go for bagels?
3	The bagels are alright - but this place is not worth trekking across town to get a bagel.This is just a bagel joint - they sell Philadelphia cream cheese like at the grocery store - but it's just a place to grab a bag of bagels and leave - that's it. I went at noon-ish  - there was a line out the door and hardly any flavors left. There certainly weren't any 'exotic' flavors left - which was quite disappointing. (and with a line out the door? I don't get it!!)I got one fresh - still hot bagel - that was quite good - it was an onion bagel. The others were alright. I definitely recommend asking whats hot and get that - fresh is sooooo much better!!!We took our bag of bagels and went next door to grab some coffee and sit down - as many others do as well.
5	I've never liked Montreal bagels.  I've always thought they tasted more like pretzels than bagels.  But, I was in Montreal, and my friend from the area, said this was the place to go.  So, I trekked out here.  In the rain.  Pushing a stroller.  With an overtired child in the seat.First, I got here, and was disappointed there was no place to sit and enjoy the bagels I was going to buy.  The shop itself was great.  And watching the process was amazing.  But the place was small.  And not quite what I expected.  I bought a few bagels, took a bite out of one before leaving the store.  I was woefully unimpressed.  Then a local cabbie comes in.  He has left his cab double parked outside.  He asks for "two of whatever is hot".  Pays his money and is on his way.I go back to the counter.  And I now ask for "two of whatever is hot".  And I have a bagel that changes my mind about what a bagel can be.  Holy sh*t those were good bagels.  Cabbies.  Say what you will about them... they know how to eat.  So screw the fancy flavors.  Seriously.  Get what just came out of the oven.  Eat it on the spot.  Then repeat.  Until you can't shove any more white flour down your gullet.Are they the better bagel?  Honestly, I am still partial to the NY bagel on the whole.  But Fairmont has encouraged me to keep an open mind.
5	scruuuuumptioooooouuuuuuuuuuuuuussssssssssss.When I look at the Fairmount bagels and then think to my Brooklyn bagels, I can clearly see why we have such a larger obesity problem than Montreal.Sad but true.Nom nom nom.
4	My bf and my friends LOVE Montreal-style bagels.  When we visited Montreal, this was a must-stop. We stocked up on enough to bring home to the States, and we savored every one.Chewy bagels with a nice density, and not sweet at all (that's a big issue for me in bagel shops outside of NYC--too many places add a lot of honey or sugar).  Perfect simply toasted with butter.  Mmm.
3	That is NOT a bagel.I'm from NYC, home of H & H and Ess a Bagel.  Those are real bagels - big and meaty.  These are more like glorified donuts.  They're also unusually sweet for a bagel.  Tasty but in a different sort of way...but just don't call it a bagel.  The place is a dive in some residential area so parking is non-existent.  The last annoying thing was that THEY DO NOT TAKE CREDIT CARDS!!!  For such a busy place (expect to wait on line) that caters to tourists, it should really take credit cards.  A tad expensive but what do you expect for a tourist trap.  Ess is a bagel.  This is not.
5	Somewhat cliche to review Fairmount bagel but it has to be done. We went around 10.30am on a weekday morning and there wasn't a person in sight. Very non-descript place with piles of trays stacked up outside. Apparently they were working on a big Costco order and we could barely move in the small shop front for bags of bagels piled up everywhere. All the flavors were available and we opted for plain, sesame, onion and blueberry. Toasted with cream cheese when we got back home. Amazing. Best bagels ever, hands down, amazing. Thank goodness we can buy them in bags at the local supermarket.
3	To be honest, i was expecting a bit more.  It was a no nonsense kind of place where, for the most part it seems that locals order bagels by the dozen to take home.  I ordered the sesame seed bagel with cream cheese.  It was tasty and had a subtle sweetness to it that was a pleasant surprise.  I sat on a bench outside and ate my bagel in the cold of Montreal.  I guess i was just expecting, with all the hype, some kind of ambiance inside where i could sit and relish the best bagel known to man.
3	I wish someone would have told me this is not my kind of bagel place.  What I mean by that is that they don't toast bagels and smear them with anything you could possibly think of.  It's a to go, dozen bagels to take home type of place. I was so excited to try Fairmount Bagel because I used to work at a bagel place with the same name.  My little heart and big appetite were crushed after walking miles to stand in line and realize nope, no toasted bagels with smears for me. Blargh. The actual bagels we got and ate by themselves or dipped in cream cheese (one "all dressed" or everything in American speak and one chocolate chip) were good bagels, don't get me wrong.   I was just very disappointed that I couldn't experience the bagels as a proper breakfast.
5	My Favorite Bagel Yes, yes, NYC'ers complain that bagels are meant to be larger, but when it comes to taste, I think Fairmount's small donut like offerings are a lot better. Unfortunately, they don't make their own cream cheese.Next time, I venture up to Quebecoise contry, I'd like to try St-Viateur Bagel to compare with Fairmount.
5	Fairmount Bagel is absolutely the best bagel I have had all over North America. The crispy outside and delicately soft inside is mouth watering. The bagels are so good I always buy a dozen to bring back to Boston. After you have had these bagels you can't eat another bagel anywhere else. I ONLY eat bagels here and never anyplace else which means I have bagels only about ten to twenty times per yearMy rating is based only on the bagel and not the decor or location.
2	The bagels are small and not salty enough and definitely do not live up to all the hype and long lines.  It is great to watch them make the bagels as you are in line, however.  The cream cheese they use is much lighter and cheesier than the everyday Philadelphia cream cheese, which is nice.
3	We stopped here having heard that "Montreal bagels are the best." Our kids ordered a chococolate and a cinnamon/raisin bagel respectively, with cream cheese, and took them to go. This is a tiny hole in the wall shop, but it was cool to watch the bagels being made behind the counter while we waited. The bagels were less salted than what we were used to, and my son with braces found his harder than he had hoped for (supposed to avoid really crunchy stuff). Will have to try plain or sesame next time.
5	My friend and I went here for a late lunch.  It was our first time, so we stuck with the traditional bagels: sesame seed and poppy seed.  We both ordered our bagels with cream cheese and smoked salmon.  A bagle with cream cheese and smoked salmon costs a reasonable $6 Canadian.  Even though we were there at 3 pm in the afternoon, there was still 3-4 people busy making bagels.  (Their website claims that they make bagels 24 hours a day!!!)  The bagels were delicious, lightly toasted, crunchy, and not chewy.  I was happy that that the amount of cream cheese was kept to a minimum; I hate it when workers lather bagels with too much cream cheese.  Delicious!
3	I knew I had to try a bagel at Fairmount when I was in Montreal, so I grabbed a taxi at my hotel. When the doorman asked where I was going so he could tell my driver and I said Fairmount Bagels, he smiled and teased me, "Are you going to bring some back with you? You'll have a lot of friends!"Even when I walked in the door of the little storefront, I wasn't sure if I was in the right place. The vestibule was stacked high with bagged bagels and all I could see were people in various stages of bagel-making. For a moment I thought I'd walked into the wrong part, because I didn't see a retail counter anywhere. But when I asked the first worker I saw, she pointed me around the tower of packages to the counter.While contemplating what to order and then waiting for my smoked salmon and cream cheese on a plain bagel, I was able to witness the process: one man sliced bits from a huge ball of dough and formed the bagels. At the other table another man lined up uncooked bagels on a 6-foot-plus narrow wooden paddle and placed the bagels into the roaring wood-fired oven. It was quite a spectacle, especially when the bagels were extracted from the oven on the long paddle and tossed into a waiting receptacle.I ate my bagel as I walked back toward my hotel, down St.-Laurent. At first glance, it was definitely smaller than its U.S. cousins. At first bite, it was harder, more pretzel-like than doughy, and slighty sweet. But as with all bagels, it was delicious with the cream cheese and smoked salmon. The trip to Fairmount was certainly worth it, but I still prefer American bagels.
2	My husband and I went to try this place out after being told that Montreal had bagels worth writing home about.  After trying these bagels, we were so disappointed we almost didn't go on to St. Viateur which turned out to be epically better.  Not only did we watch one of the bagel makers drop a whole load on the floor and then throw them in the bins anyway, my cinnamon raisin bagel was totally hard and flavorless.  My husband's blueberry bagel was only marginally better.  I don't care about the size, or the cafe feel, but the taste has to be there and it just wasn't.  Maybe it was an off day or an off batch but, well totally not worth it as far as I'm concerned.
5	Hmmm... bagels. I hardly eat them as the bagel shops in Toronto don't make good Montreal-style bagels (except for Gryfe's). However whenever I visit Montreal, I make an effort to travel to one of the best bagel shops in the city. I like the fact there's variety at Fairmount. Say what you will about the other shops who claim that bagels should only come in two or three flavours maximum, I disagree. If you can make a tasty garlic-flavoured bagel then you have my vote as being one of the best bagel shop in the city. I tend to go to the other place further down the street out of loyalty and reputation, but Fairmount is a fair contender in the bagel wars.  With an assortment of flavours, I bought plain, sesame and garlic. I practically lived on these during my 24 hours stint in the city. While waiting for the free Stevie Wonder show to start, I ate the supply I had bought that morning and shared with my friends. They were still fresh and soft, a perfect bagel in my books!
4	I never knew there was so much of a debate between Montreal and NYC bagels until I read the travel guide and checked out Yelp.  I guess I am just naive because i did a double take and my jaw dropped at another restaurant when I realized the menu said "Horse".  wow, that was a shocker.  But anyway, the whole bagel debate is kinda like the chicago vs nyc pizza thing.  They are just totally different and its a tough comparison.  First of all, staying in downtown, I took the metro and walked about 10 or 15 min to Fairmount.  It was nice to actually see some of the town.  Anyway, the chick at the counter wasn't very friendly.  I said bon jour but then started to speak in english.  I think I pissed her off when I asked for a bagel with butter.  She yelled at me and said "we don't serve butter with bagels here!"  so sorry lady.  Montreal does serve lil packets with peanut butter at some places (eggspecations) which i thought was fantastic.  As far as the bagel, it's kinda small and it really reminded me of Panera or Au Bon Pain.  like that very brown sophisticated look with the silly lil package of cream cheese in there.  Maybe im the spoiled american who is happy when they cut the bagel for you...anyway I sat down outside in the rain and bit into the bagel, and WOW! It was really good! like really fn good.  just like what they say, crunchy outside and sweet doughy interior.  The only drawback was I should have ordered 4 or 5 of them because they are on the small side.  They are cheap though (1 CAD).  I didn't want the girl to yell at me again so i went across the street for more lunch at this bangin Cuban/Chilean cafe, which I will yelp later as soon as i find out the name.If you are staying in old town or downtown, i really have to recommend checking out fairmount.  Besides the bagels, it's a nice area to see and then you can walk back down St Denis.
2	I will start by saying that my daughter and I made a special trip to get these bagels fresh in the morning, and I was so disappointed!First of all, weighing in on the bagel debate, I do prefer NY bagels (for which I have also been known to make special pilgrimages).  Montreal's are thinner and somewhat sweet, which is less enjoyable to me.That said, some of the dozen bagels sold to me were actually stale and had to be day old.  The best and freshest was probably the sesame.  However, we decided after trying both St. Viateur and Fairmount, that Montreal bagels are not for us.  I think many Americans who have experienced high-quality bagels in NYC might agree.  Frankly, I can even do better at several places in Boston.Montreal has amazing French food; I guess I don't need it to compete with NY for the Jewish angle.  (I also think Schwartz's is way overrated.)
4	I'm such a tourist.So yes, I had to grab a famous Montreal bagel on my recent trip.  I hiked out here from my downtown hotel on a lovely Friday morning and was surprised to arrive to a line out the door.  Fortunately, Fairmount is very efficient and I was quickly at the front of the line.  I ordered one sesame and one cinnamon raisin bagel, paid up, and was out of there because there is no place to eat in the store.  I settled on a bench outside, decided to save my cinnamon raisin bagel as a snack during my later Mont Royal hike, and started eating.  Having finished the sesame bagel, I promptly reversed my decision and also ate the cinnamon raisin one.  I'm a tourist with poor impulse control.My Lonely Planet tour book informed me that Montreal residents refer to our American bagels as "hockey pucks" (whether or not this is true, I have no idea).  And I can see why.  These bagels are definitely "wetter" than ours are - perhaps because they're dunked in water before they go in the oven.  They're also slightly sweeter.  I dunno...at the end of the day they were good, but a bagel's kind of a bagel's kind of a bagel.  After the hype I was expecting this bagel to change my life and make me swear off American bagels forever.  Let's just say I've already purchased a Dunkin' Donuts bagel since my return.Prices are super reasonable, and I saw they had bags of day old bagels for even less money available at the front of the store.
3	It's funny how this place will completely split people's opinions. I can certainly respect the taste and size of the bagels here for what they are. Montreal bagels, bagels that are probably some of the best in Canada.However, they're certainly not NY bagels which is what I've become accustomed to and what I find to be tastier for my taste buds at least.They weren't so exceptional that I would purposely come here again, but if it were handy to swing by I would certainly grab another.Some of the others in the group I went with loved the bagels and some of the others disliked it more than me.We got there first thing in the morning so lines weren't an issue, but by the time we were leaving there was definitely a sizable crowd slowly building out the door.
5	These bagels make me happy.  This is the seven-step plan to best navigate the Fairmont bagel experience:1) starve yourself in the morning2) make sure you have cash3) when you get to the counter, order a dozen of whatever just came out of the oven (hopefully sesame) for every 3 people. in your group.  Also get a big tub of the french high-fat cream cheese, a package of smoked salmon (180-250 grams should do you about right) and a half-gallon of OJ.4) after paying, take one bagel out of the bag and split it into three.  Eat it plain immediately so you can minimize the oven-to-mouth time.5) have a mini-mouthgasm.6) get to the park asap and create a slicing-smearing-loxing assembly line.7) devour and be happy.  If visiting Montreal, return at the end of the trip to buy as many dozens as fit in your trunk.
3	You can see from my profile that I'm from NYC where we're a little picky (and provincial about our bagels).  Carry on reading at your own risk.While the bagels here are good, they simply aren't my favorite kind of bagel.  I found them a bit cakey and sweet.  I prefer my bagels a little more robust and full-bodied in texture, and less sweet. I can't really see pairing a Fairmount bagel with cream cheese and lox; the sweetness would just get in the way.  The shop however is great, very old fashioned and bare bones which was really cool.  I gave it a fair try but I think that perhaps Montreal style bagels just aren't for me.
3	The bagel was good but I'm more of a NY style bagel kind of girl. I don't like my bagels as dense. I did quite enjoy watching the guys make the bagels though while waiting to order - that itself was worth the taxi ride from our hotel downtown to try Montreal's Best Bagel!
5	we swung by on a late friday evening after our montreal friend said it was a must-try. i love the atmosphere - you order basically right in the kitchen - there are workers pulling bagels fresh out of the huge oven and putting them straight into our hungry tummies! our friend says that the traditional bagels are either the poppy or sesame seed but we LOVED the blueberry bagels. they were packed full of blueberry and definitely had a great blueberry flavor. i also spotted cranberry, chocolate chip, and all-dressed (= everything) bagels and was impressed by the size of the bozo (poppy seed and sesame seed). the bagels are crunchier/more well done than typical bagels and a touch sweeter and less dense than new york style bagels... delicious! best off, they're all only 70 cents each! MUST EAT FRESH!!
4	I'm told this spot has the best bagels in Montreal. The texture is nice, crispy with a nice chewy inside. I had the garlic and the onion, which were full of flavor. They have a bunch of spreads like hummus, tzaziki, lox, etc.Another must try Montreal institution. No worries, the long line moves fast.
4	I couldn't tell which is better: Fairmount Bagel or St Viateur Bagel.  I think i made my first stop at Fairmount, the very first bagel shop in Montreal.  i ordered a cinnamon raisin flavor.  it has nice crusty exterior and it's chewy inside.  hmm, it's tasty!
5	You walk into a little building, crammed with crates of product and ingredients necessary to make that product, to order a half-dozen of SUPER-DENSE bagels for less than five.They don't just have the regular flavours, poppyseed, sesame, etc... but novelties (for me) like cardamom. Tried it, and it definitely works.I don't lean a particular way on NY bagels vs Montreal bagels or this place vs. St Viateur, but these bagels are definitely an experience and definitely worth having when you have the chance. The bagels have to be earned, you can easily spend a good 1/2 hour per bagel to fight and chew the dense material. The taste, sublime.The one minor quibble I have is that they won't break change, so you might be upsold if you don't want to go hunting for an ABM before acquiring delicious delicious bagels.
5	Nom, nom, nom... Fairmount Bagels is hands down my favourite bagel place in Montreal.  Always a long lineup, but it moves briskly.  Love that you can see them making the bagels as you order.  Bagels are always fresh, with crispy outsides and chewy insides, and discounts are available if you buy a half or full dozen.  The all dressed, onion, and garlic bagels are great, but my all time fave are the sesame bagels.  The bagels are so good that I once ate through a half dozen in less than an hour.  True story.Also, generally the bagels are so good on their own that you don't even have to sully them with cream cheese or other condiments.  These are bagels that stand on their own!
4	Try one while it's hot
5	BEST MONTREAL BAGELS! this place is an institution- if it is your first time in Montreal it is a definite go to. Order the regular sesame and eat it fresh from the oven.. melts in your mouth. Now that I am living in San Francisco, everytime I visit my parents in Montreal, I bring back at least two dozen and stash them in my freezer :)
5	The best bagel in the world: just maybe. Montreal style is very different from NY style and I prefer it. The Montreal style is about the same diameter, but has much less dough, so there is a large center hole. The dough is also a bit more dense but with larger holes and slightly sweeter. Because of the different geometry, it cooks differently with a high crust to interior ratio.Fairmount is one amazing business. The place is unassuming. It is about the size of a house and when you enter (anytime, as the place is open 24/7), the place is stacked to the ceiling with bakery trays of bagged sesame bagels. The sesame bagel is by far their best selling item. As you approach the counter you can watch the whole process from hand rolling the dough to boiling, seeding, and baking.Order a sesame bagel with cream cheese plus a bag of fresh ones to take home. Eat the bagel on the bench out front and be prepared to be amazed. It may very well be the best in the world.
3	I didn't get a chance to compare the rival Montreal bagel shops so this was my only bagel experience on my trip. It's a small shop with plenty of visitor parking around. Important because the space is mainly a bagel bakery, there is barely room to turn around in to leave after you place your order and pay. It smells wonderful as soon as you step in the door. There are plenty of prepackaged bagels to go, but you can also order individually. Jam and cream cheese sold separately. We were running low on Canadian cash so we got our bagels naked and took them to Jean Talon market to enjoy then shop for gifts for family.We both got the sesame seed bagels. The bagels are about the usual size with a large central hole. The texture was a little chewier than usual, but not in a bad way. The dough was a little sweeter than usual, again not in a bad way, just different. It was good and the cream cheese was not missed. Easy to stock up and take home if you're driving! Cash only.
5	I was reluctant to "spend" my 100th review on an establishment outside my home of Toronto, but for a Montreal or perhaps Canadian (but for sure, Jewish)  institution, I'll make an exception.What can I say?  A visit here is a great experience.  A step back in time.  Highlights include a view of the bagel making process in action, and a pair of men carrying a "slab" of dough the size of a human body.We hired a cab to take us here on the way to the train station (totally opposite direction) and wait while we went in.  No surprise, this wasn't the first time the driver received this request.  (He also received a fresh bagel for his trouble.)Don't be misled by the (1951) in their name.  Their origins go back to 1919.  A must-visit if you're at all interested in the origins of the Montreal bagel, or Jewish culture in general.  (It's at Fairmount and St. Urbain, for goodness sake.)PS;  I have one bone to pick.  I truly doubt that Grandfather Isadore would approve of chocolate chip bagels.  I think they should have stuck to sesame, poppy and plain.  But that's just me.
3	Too much hype I guess.Not the greatest bagel I have sampled. But I am sure the debate will rage forever!I had an all dressed with cream cheese and salmon. Maybe a bit too much salmon for a little bagel?Cash only. Really? They make buckets of dough outta this place, and can't be bothered to accept Interac. Come on, I know they have been around for years, but make it easier for us to spend $$$.I was also under the [foolish] impression that there might be a place to eat your bagel inside. Nope. Out to the freezing ass street I went. Argh.Perhaps on a sunny summer day this review would be an easy five star.Till then Fairmount keep slingin your doughy delights.
5	My 250 Review!NOT! I had 441 reviews in my previous Yelp life. So technically I have *counting fingers 691 horribly written and useless reviews.But wait, I have had two flagged which again *counting fingers means I have 693!Ok end rant.NY Bagels are great, Montreal style bagels are better and are my favorite bagels in our solar system. And my favorite Montreal bagel are Fairmont's! I discovered these while on a romantic week long trip through Eastern Canada by myself. But traveling alone has it's benefits too, like you can make the call on what to have breakfast. So once I latched on Montreal bagels I made a point of eating one every single morning. I'm guessing your significant other would tire quickly of such a breakfast. But me? oh boy! I was in carb heaven!Hey Fairmont Bagel, if you are ever looking to expand to the US, I know a small town that would welcome you with open arms.
4	SO yummy! This place is seriously a whole in the wall and probably the size of a towel closet but it is AMAZING. I got a garlic bagel and a cinnamon raison bagel! DELISH! Definitely a fan!
4	The staff here seem really nice. The bagels are good, though I felt it was a bit of a walk from the metro station for me to get here, and it was a hot day. But better than NY-style bagels? Really? I believe people who say that haven't really experienced a NY-style bagel! The Montreal-style bagel was slightly denser and sweeter than American bagels, but nothing more...nothing extraordinary! I wouldn't have gone out of my way for them!
1	completely overrated.NY bagels reign supreme in my book and these supposedly "fresh" bagels were stale, hard and way too dense for my taste.also, there's no place to sit and eat your bagels.  I'll take H & H over these any day.
4	FRESH BAGELS! Fairmont Bagel is a great treat, but if you go here, please eat your bagels right away, they are best served fresh!I had never ever seen bagels being made right in front of you it was entertaining to watch, and they make your fresh bagels 24 hours a day in a wood fired oven.We ordered half a dozen bagels and ate most of them within 2 hours of getting them.Don't fuss with all the different types of bagels, just get the freshest ones they have which are the white sesame seed bagels, because chances are those ones are going to be the freshest ones.If you are good in the kitchen their bagels taste awesome with fresh Tzatziki.
5	Bagels in New YorkAre supposed to be the best.Wrong!  Frenchies makes 'em.
5	Taking advice from a local, I bought two dozen sesame bagels to stock up at home.SO. GLAD. I. DID.Sorry, NY bagel, you do not even compare. Montreal bagels in general are more bread-y and less dough-y, so they have a great chew. Fairmount bagels, specifically, are handmade, as evident in their misshapen size, and they're so popular that they go straight from the oven rack to people's hands. I initially didn't understand why they're open 24 hours, but now I see the appeal!I should also mention that having two dozen fresh bagels in a car will set you on olfactory bliss.
4	The controversial question that divides the people of Montreal  - Fairmount Bagel or St. Viateur?Although my vote is St. Viateur, it's a close call, and Fairmount does serve a great bagel.There are tons of varieties here - blueberry, choolate chip - although in my books the classics (sesame, poppy) are the best. Bagels are made fresh, and are best eaten on the spot. There's even a little bench area right outside where people can always be seen digging in right away.
5	It's all true:- Probably the world's best bagels- Open 24/7, from a miniscule little store with not much place to eat... but they'll sell them to you in whatever quantity you want, with cream cheese and a knife and a napkin if you so prefer.  You can sit on the little bench right outside while eating if you are lucky.- They generally have hot ones available, just ask (usually sesame, I've been told) but they won't serve these to you in plastic bags because the bags will melt!- The magic in Montreal bagels is that the outside is almost toasted so that it has just a touch of crunchiness, while the inside is super duper soft and moist, literally almost like mochi.  The overall flavor is slightly sweeter than that of New York style bagels, as Montreal style bagels are made using honey water.  Amazing.  Saint Viateur (sp?) bagels up the street are also pretty good and pretty famous, but didn't have quite the magical contrast between crunchiness and warm moistness that Fairmont bagels had in our two taste tests from five or so foodies.- But before you get excited and take three dozen back home to the States, know this: they have a shelf life of about 12 hours.  You've got to enjoy them right away!BEST X AARON'S EVER HAD AWARD WINNER: MONTREAL STYLE BAGELS
4	We went around 9pm and got some warm sesame bagels.  It was a pretty impressive operation, a mass of dough on the wooden table, and workers putting them on wooden planks, sticking them in the wood oven, boiling them, bagging them, etc.  It was a nice, chewy bagel, kind of tasted like a philly soft pretzel to me, but warm. it was yummy!  We got their sesame, garlic, and mixed bagels to go.
5	Got a sesame bagel straight out of the oven...so good. It was worth the burn blisters I got because my greedy ass couldn't wait until they cooled a little before eating it. So light and airy. The bagels are delicious on their own, no cream cheese, jelly , etc needed. It was kind of cool to see the bagel making process. For those wondering if NY bagels are better than Montreal bagels - it's not a competition it's just a matter of preference.FYI Jersey bagels tops 'em all :-)
4	Whenever I'm in Vancouver / Toronto, the first must eat food that comes to mind is Dim Sum.  Other parts of Canada, it's all about poutine.  But in Montreal, it's seems to be bagels. I couldn't resist a shot at trying Fairmount, a bagel shop where many locals have told me I'd have a life changing experience in bagelgasm.To Fairmont's credit, I'm probably not the best person to evaluate bagels considering I rarely ever eat a decent breakfast and if I do, I'm always thinking of hash browns.  But since hash browns are rare in the northeast, I've become more bagel friendly, but far from a bagel enthusiast.  Having been spoiled from the amazing variety in New York, Montreal's finest bagel would certainly be hard to impress.  And unfortunately, Fairmount's version didn't strike a chord with me like I had hoped but that's not to say they're not good.These bagels were soft.  Even when I had driven down from Montreal the batch in my bag somehow remained in a edible state, not chewy or stale, but had a nice bite to it.  Their sesame bagels are quite good when toasted and taste awesome with a thin spread of onion cream cheese.  Their everything bagels and wheat bagels have a certain density about them, certainly far from my favorite options here.  Thankfully, all bagels were inexpensive and felt even more so when considering the US-CAD conversion at the time.It's strictly a takeout joint and more importantly, a local staple in the community.  I've been here twice and though it's been super crowded each time, I should also note my visits were during their afternoons.  I can only imagine their mornings.And while I don't want my NY bias to get in the way, I can say I prefer the "down south" version over these babies.  The regional debate will always live on, but I'll be itching to give Montreal bagels another go when I'm back in town.
3	I was told I should only write a review after a comparison with St Viateur, and then contrast them with NYC bagels.  I'm sorry to say Montreal, that while your bagels are good, and while they may have their place in this world... they are not NYC bagels.  Good try though.
3	This was the bagel shop I liked better than the other one. Although Schwartz's smoked meat I like better than Katz's, NY definitely is my preference in bagel.
3	I got someone shipped the bagels to me at home.  It takes them around 6 hours and by the time of arrival it is too late at 2 a.m. to try them.  The next morning I pick the Cinnamon and toast it.  The texture is thicker and more chewy than those in Toronto.  But with the high expectation I can only rate it a 3 star.  I may have to go to Montreal one day to try it fresh from the oven before rating it again.
5	My acronymic experience at Fairmount Bagel:F-resh out of the ovenA-iry and slightly crisp exterior and studded with sesame seeds adds        another textural dimension!I-ndecisive when it is my turn to buy so I buy a few of every flavorR-an outside to find a bench to enjoy my bagel bliss M-ore of a selection to choose from than St. Viateur BagelO-nion bagels and garlic bagels---potent! Need mints after consumption.U-ndeniably the best bagels I have hadN-ever can just eat one!T-asty ring shaped bread especially slathered with cream cheese
3	Tried the sesami and raisin flavor. not bad nor great.
5	So I could not leave Montreal without bagels. A quick browse on Yelp and I knew where to head. Our hotel was in the downtown area, and Fairmount was a couple of km away. Luckily we had a car, as it may be a little far for tourists. YES it is the Montreal Bagel place you see on tv. I could not help but crane my neck over the heads in from of me in line to peer into the back where men were making bagels. A MASSIVE chunk of dough was slowly being snipped and the bits formed into bagels and set into a boiling bath. Once removed from the water, they were slung on a long plank, dusted with sesame seeds or seasonings and put into the oven. "Excuse me, can I have some all dressed." "yes one minute..." "How long til the All dressed come out of the oven?" "Madame, it will be two minutes."2 min later, me.. giggling with three dozen hot fresh bagels to eat on the five hour drive back to Toronto.Tonnes of flavours available! We particularity enjoyed sesame and all dressed. Western cream cheese. They sell three varieties and smoked salmon! Plus the car smelled like bagels for days and my coworkers were all thrilled when I arrived bearing gifts. Read the back of the bags, the entire family story is on the back. The family brought the bagel to Montreal in 1919, and moved to the current location in 1949. Delicious! a must stop. Open 24/7
4	Two ladies used to a New-York style bagel walk into a bagel shop...We're glad we tried the tasty all-dressed bagel from Fairmount. Lighter, smaller and less chewy than the hefty treat we're used to. Probably still loyal to the comfort food of our people as we grew up eating it, but this charming shop provided a tasty bagel to nosh on a bench bathed in fall sunshine. Better-salted than the St. Viateur bagel, and less sweet, which appealed more to our New York-oriented palates.
5	It's been a while since I got some of my favourite bagels!  6 cinnamon raison and 6 blueberry.  The cinnamon raison just came out of the oven and were amazingly crunchy/crisp and soft in the centre.  I know some people go to St. Viateur but this place is just plain awesome!
5	Again, like Chinese food, bagels are also something I gladly detest like a sickness in NYC.....but eat to no end and thus dissolve all logic once I'm in Montreal. Fairmount's bagels are much thinner and crispier...and fresher by a longshot compared to the smelly ring-sponges NYC passes off for a bagel, no question! Sucks that they don't have butter...juat cream cheese, jelly or lox...but that's also a testament to how heavenly they are by themselves.
5	Alright, I love St Viateur as well, especially the high spirits of the late night crew, but I have to say my heart will always give first place to Fairmount. I remember the first Fairmount bagel I had: teen gal adventuring in the Mile End with cute boy, eating them hot out of the bag, dipping into the Liberty cream cheese on a stoop in the autumn sun, and maybe they will always taste like that sweet day to me. I like to order a dozen of whatever is freshest, then they'll pick the ones that just came off the fire and they are soft and hot and crisp and perfection. The fancy flavours are fun but for me the whole point is the raging fire right in front of you and the skilled people slinging them out of the flames on the long paddles. There is room inside for about 6 people to make their orders and wait in line (unless you are there when they are prepping the deliveries for grocery stores and restaurants - then there's room for about 2 skinny people) so the line frequently stretches out the door; but it moves fast and the hot homey bagel smell melts all but the coldest hearts and makes the wait mello, friendly and fun.
4	The Skinny: there isn't anything better than hanging outside in a beautiful fall day, munching on a hot crunchy sesame seed bagel with cream cheese (4) service: it's counter service... but it's still really slow. On the plus side, it's open 24 hours, 7 days a week to allow you a constant bagel fix. FYI - cash only. (3) Value: $3 for an experience not to be missed (4).Open 24/7, this place is bustling with the workers churning out bagels from their real flaming oven on the large wooden boards. The smell is pretty outrageous as you walk into the yeasty goodness. Bagels come out smoking hot - wonderfully, warm by the time they reach your hands complete with cream cheese.These bagels differ significantly from the bagels that I have ever had. They are very crispy on the outside while very surprisingly light on the inside. Unlike a regular styled bagel, I could have easily eaten at least 2-3 of these in the space of a few minutes.I would say though, it would have been nice to have more cream cheese on my bagel (I love a large mound of cream cheese on my bagels) considering that it was piping hot and melting a little of it away.Service for a place this busy is pretty slow and it only takes cash.Culturally though, this place epitomizes the best of Montreal.
4	Montreal and New York have a thing for bagels. You may even hear people arguing which is better. As I went back for the second time, I sat outside on a sunny day, spreading my own cream cheese on my delicious crunchy and soft everything bagel, I thought, "they're just different." While in NY you get a huge doughy on the inside, crunchy on the outside bagel, with a LOT of cream cheese (in any of the various flavors you can choose from), in Montreal, you get a smaller bagel, but still soft on the inside, crunchy on the outside. Now, about Fairmount. I was a little intimidated going in the first time. It's SMALL. It's a bakery. You squeeze in, look at what bagels they have and order. One, a dozen, whatever. But here's a tip, most likely they are pulling out some sesame bagels out of this amazing wood fired stone oven so get one of those. Or whatever else they just finished baking. It's difficult not to just want to stand and watch them pull and roll the dough, boil them and then bake them. It's ok to stand there and watch while the helpful staff is getting your order ready. They are patient because most people that are there, know what they want, order, pay and get out. Don't be intimidated by all the French speakers either. Just don't get in the way.
5	Bagels. Freshly made by the minute. The sesame bagel with regular cream cheese was plain and simple yet it served its purpose as bagel. The bagel was lighter, it had a crusty crunch to it and yield a great sesame flavor. The best part (at least to me) was their cream cheese. If you ever had New York's cream cheese, they're a lot more dense and heavy so once you taste Fairmount's cream cheese you can definitely tell the difference. Fairmount's cream cheese is so much lighter, felt like it was whipped which is not bad. By whipping, you're adding more air into the cream cheese, hence the texture will be a lot lighter. The pairing of the bagel and cream cheese is what made Montreal bagel a winner. NYC bagel, please step aside.
5	There's this ongoing St Viateur--Fairmount Bagel debate in Montreal -- which is chewier, which is more authentic (to what, I'm not sure), which has more sesame seed to bagel ratio, which has a crispier outside, etcetera, etcetera, etcetera. But the fact remains: it's a personal thing. I just so happen to side with Fairmount in this dispute. There was a time not too long ago when I could eat the wheat, and Fairmount was the final destination on any given Montreal debauchery-laden night. In the dead of winter, the seducing waft of freshly baked bagels hit my drunken nose like a baker's bag of day-olds and I'd wait in minus 30 degree weather just for a taste -- JUST A TASTE -- of that doughy offering of bagel bliss.   Straight out of the oven and baked to a crispy, crunchy, cushy, comfy bagel perfection, these are the bomb at anytime of day. Perfect sesame seeds and *just* sweet enough, these round dough-boys are the things dreams are made of.But here's the real beauty of the Fairmount bagel: you got 50 cents? There's a sesame bagel. Got another 25? You just got yourself some cream cheese too.Man, I miss Montreal.
5	I really liked the poppy seed and all dressed-up bagels.  They are fresh out of the oven with a crunchy shell and soft, light interior.; they are also very slightly sweet.  Try either one with the cream cheese, which is also fluffy and light.  I really wish that we have one of these back home.  Spread bagelry just doesn't come close.  This is the real deal when it comes to Montreal bagels.  St. Viateur is good, too, but I like the everything bagel here.
3	When asking around Montreal for the best bagel place, Fairmount Bagel was highly recommended.  After parking and waiting for what felt like forever, we made it.  I guess I was expecting a New York bagel but I was sadly disappointed.  They are completely different than your average NY bagel.  They are way smaller, (kind of remind me of flat bagels) and have a sweet taste to them.  They don't make their own cream cheese but instead use Philadelphia cream cheese which was a huge bummer.  It was quite a charming establishment and while I will always love and prefer my NY bagels, this Canadian style bagel sufficed.
1	After waiting in line for 15 minutes or so, this place was pretty disappointing as we expected epic montreal bagels. We tried a number of flavours, and the pretzel however the breakdown of all follows:Chocolate Chip bagel - was not great, very dry and tasted like lemon. Garlic Bagel - Disgusting... the taste lingers in your mouth for days.. not to mention the smell.. Warning don't let them mix with your other bagels as it will ruin them, and keep them in a sealed bag as it has a pugnent stench. to be fair, our batch of garlic bagels may have been burnt, I don't know but that may help explain the horridness of this flavour. Cinnamon Raisin bagels were the best of the bunch, decent flavour but still kind of dry.Plain was also mediocre. The pretzel was probably the best thing from this place but it was a little too salty. Also you have to buy your own cream cheese and put it on your self. So if your just getting a snack, be prepared to buy a tub of condiments!
4	Best bagels in the world. New York, eat your heat out! My only issue with this place is that they don't have sitting space. You have to pick some up and eat it at home.
2	Continuing our quest to experience the Montreal bagel, we made our way to Fairmount Bagel, and found that the line was out the door. While the line moved pretty quickly, the overall experience was not so good. Once inside, it was difficult to figure out the system, and it was so crowded that it was overwhelming, and I couldn't wait to get outside.The bagels themselves were OK. Fairly similar in texture to NY bagels, but smaller and with a very very faint hint of sweet. We tried an everything bagel and found that the flavor pales in comparison to the NY equivalent. Also had a garlic bagel which was fairly disappointing because the garlic was overlooked (like burnt overcooked) and left an unpleasant after taste.  Most disappointing, however, was the cream cheese. They had several packaged cheeses available including Philadelphia which was a real drag. From the menu board and the way things were run, it was not clear whether or not we could get a bagel with cream cheese on it or if we had to purchase a package of cream cheese. So, we quickly asked for salmon cream cheese. They gave us 2 options, and we clearly chose the wrong one: Lactantia. This had little flavor of smoked salmon and had the chalky taste of low fat cream cheese.Sadly this place was a disappointment.
3	After hearing so many fantastic things about Fairmount Bagel, I felt obligated to try it out. So, my friends and I stopped by Fairmount to grab a bagel or two or a dozen (depending on how we liked them) before heading back to the US. When you walk by the store, you'll see stacked towers of red crates filled with bagels (or empty ones which I'm thinking are representative of crates of bagels sold), which appear ready to be shipped for sale somewhere.. so, I'm guessing this is the place where they make the bagels? Anyway, the store inside is actually pretty tiny. The different types of bagels are listed above the ladies standing behind the glass counter. And options for purchasing Philly cream cheese are displayed on the glass case to your right. Since I'm not a huge bagel fan, I ordered one to try. I got the sesame bagel and an individual package of cream cheese. At first, I thought it was kind of hard to break into and tough... however, after a couple of bites, I thought the texture reminded of a pretzel from like Auntie Annie's Pretzel. However, that's not to say that I don't like Fairmount and reducing its taste value to your mall pretzel treat, I still enjoyed Fairmount's bagel.. most definitely. I think all the sesame seeds made it extra aromatic and flavorful otherwise, it might have been a little boring.
5	The best of the best! Always fresh and tasty. Even better with cream cheese or without depends on your mood!
2	Ordered the Chocolate Bagel.  Untraditional and maybe it wasn't the right game plan.  Sweet bagel isn't really my thing but it was my companions.  Add a bite and there was a light crisps on the outside but a tad underwhelming overall.  Not the best chocolate flavor.  Small store front to order, cramped and much preferred my experience a couple of blocks northwest to the 24 hour St. Vinteurs.
3	New York vs. Montreal bagels. The everlasting debate.Quite simply, I think you will forever be loyal to whatever bagel you have been raised to eating. As a native New Yorker, I was excited to go to Montreal to try these out, and Fairmount Bagel was apparently the place to go. During weekend mornings, expect to wait on a line that goes out the door, but that doesn't say much considering the standing area in the place is as small as a closet. That's not an exaggeration.I went with the classic sliced lox and plain cream cheese on a plain bagel. It was tasty! For those who are unfamiliar, Montreal(-ian?) bagels are a little smaller, and made with honey, to give them a distinctive sweet flavor, and have a noticeably chewy texture to them. Very different from their New York counterpart.-2 for the no seating, not even any standing space. And because I while I didn't totally love it, it was still pretty good. If in new in Montreal and have any appreciation for bagels whatsoever, Fairmount Bagels is a must.
4	I much prefer Montreal bagels to NYC ones. Not too big of a bagel fan but these were delicious and cheap. Open 24/7 is always a good thing too. Tried the sesame, plain, and blueberry bagels
5	In Montreal you need to choose your religion, Fairmount or St. Viateur... and well, we are faithfully Fairmount. The only downside is when they are making the Costco order and the whole place is filled with packed bagels for Costco. You have to squeeze around the Costco order. But where else can you get such a delicious onion or garlic bagel! Parking's a pain, but park quickly, pick it up and go!
5	NY bagels are so different compared to Montreal bagels that I won't even go there to pick a favorite or debate their different qualities. I'm just going to say that we loved the bagels from Fairmount sooo much. We ordered our bagels, went outside to try them, finished them and went back in for another round. I ordered 'All Dressed' bagels which means it is an everything bagel. Sounds much nicer than asking for an everything bagel anyway. I thought they bagel was perfectly coated and really addicting.Thankfully we found a place in Newton, MA that receives shipments of their bagels so we can get a fix whenever we want. As they are frozen they are not as good fresh, obviously, but still great to have as an option.
4	A delightful cross between a New York bagel and a Philly pretzel.  Ask what came freshly out of the oven.  You can't go wrong.  Three per person (under a buck each) is a good snack.
5	UMM AMAZING.I should have known Fairmount would win the bagel war when we saw people waiting online to purchase them! The girl in front of us legit bought like 50 bagels back with her!Plus - the bagel sandwiches here come assembled if you ask for cream cheese! Do note however, that this ups the price from $0.80/bagel to somewhere around $2.50! We ordered 2 "dressed" aka everything bagels from here for a Fairmount vs. Viateaur comparison and Fairmount won hands down. From the lightly whipped cream cheese to the soft and fresh bagel itself - everything here was a win! Plus, you can see all the guys making the bagels when you order, it's pretty neat!
5	Today Fairmount Bagel is widely regarded as having the best Montreal style bagels in the city, which is fitting since they invented the breed back in 1919. With nearly a hundred reviews already it's clear the place is special and there's little I can add to the conversation.Try the bagels and then hit Schwartz's Deli on your walk back downtown.  It's pretty much required of every visitor to Montreal.For those living in Montreal I thought I'd highlight the fact that Fairmount Bagel also makes incredible European style soft pretzels.  Seriously you won't find a better soft pretzel anywhere in the city.  They usually sell the last of them by late afternoon so go early or risk having your hopes dashed.
5	WOOOOOOO! I GOT A FRESH, STILL WARM CINNAMON RAISIN BAGEL!Ok, now the only reason I am that freakin' happy about it, is that it took me 13 months since I was able to duplicate this feat.  Im not saying that they aren't fresh normally, but getting the Cin-Rai when straight outta the oven, is sort of like winning the Bagel Lottery. Except you don't want to eat a million bagels, you want just that one, the only warm bagel. I swear it moved me to emotions I didn't know existed. I know what you might be thinking, you've had a fresh outta the oven bagel before... Sure, you can do that with the sesame anytime you want, but know this,  it's not easy getting a Cin-Rai warm, which makes it that much more special.  As the city divides itself over which is the better bagel joint in town, I left my heart at Fairmount Bagel.
4	Great bagels!Im from NYC and am used to good bagels, but these I was surprised, were actually really good. I could be biased because I love sweets and these bagels are very sweet and soft. Appartently they add some honey in the mixing - but ti works. Be warned though - the line got massive a little later in the morning and we were lucky we didnt have to wait for ever and ever. This isnt a restaurant like we expected though - but they'll sell you a tub of cream cheese so you can dig into your meal elsewhere. Perhaps home and toasting would be ideal.
1	Montreal, what did you do in a previous life to be punished with such crummy bagels? Seriously, eating these bagels made me want to start a public service campaign called "It Gets Better" and I'll recruit people in other cities to show you how good bagels can be. This bagel shop must be build on an ancient Iroquois burial ground.  Seriously, on a weekend trip to Montreal, I had a goal to try these legendary bagels. These things are shriveled up, flat and taste like someone left out the salt. Matzoh Bagels. Blech. 4 hours later, they were inedible.  I love bagels. I've had bagels in New York, Boston, San Francisco, Seattle and I've even taught myself to make really good bagels at home (Google "Peter Reinhart Bagel recipe"). These Fairmount bagels were a huge disappointment. If I made a batch of bagels that came out like this, I'd toss them out and try again. Hope I save some other bagel loving visitor from shlepping up to this shop.
5	The fresh doughy bagels here are hands-down better than New York bagels.  ...and I live in NYC.  The Fairmount bagels are smaller, chewier, so much more flavorful.  I ate them incessantly when I lived in Montreal.    -- I highly recommend the chocolate bagel - flecked with chocolate chips and candied orange peel, these are subtly decadent.-- The sesame bagels are also a staple. Fairmount Bagels receive a rare 5-star review from me.
5	Hand-rolled, brick-oven fired and made with unbleached flour!  The only way to make a good bagel. Fairmount bagels located in a quiet out of the way area of Montreal are undoubtedly one of the best bagels in North America and that includes H+H in New York.  I see that my fellow Vancouver yelper Robin M. also visited this legendary establishment and gave it a two thumbs up. Yeah Robin!Not knowing what to expect, we arrived to see a line up onto the sidewalk.  It's a good sign to see such a demand for a bagel.  Well, the line moves pretty fast and the reason you're lined up out the door is because there isn't much room inside except the order counter.  You get a peekaboo view of the bagels going into and coming out of the brick oven on the long paddles which is nice to watch.  We were planning to have breakfast here but this is not that kind of place.  You come to buy bagels by the bag.  We bought a bag of various flavors and a small tub of cream cheese.  These warm, oven fresh bagels could not wait to be consumed.  We found a bench along the street and broke out the tablecloth.  Oven baked to perfection on the outside making them crisp when you bite into them.  Chewy but not doughy on the inside. The right amount of sweetness and a generous amount of sesame seeds.  Awesome Bagels.
5	This place rocks!!! Was on vacay in Montreal and read the many positive reviews so decided to come here for breakfast. Came here on a Saturday morning and was expecting a line out the door, but there wasn't one, so yay for that. We ordered in like 2 minutes trying both a lox bagel on multi grain bagel as well as a cinnamon raisin one, and they were both amazinnnng. I'm from Chicago, not NY so I can't really say about NY bagels, but these are some of the best I've ever had, def. a smaller, a lil sweeter, chewier and definitely tastier. If I lived in Montreal, this would be my weekly ritual since it's in a cute area as well. A MUST for bagels!!!!
5	It opens 24 hours. I got there 1am and had warm, soft, fresh sesame bagels. This yummy comfort food just took me to the the happiest place on earth!
4	I love bagel...I love NY style bagel coz it's chewy and dense...so i have heard so much about how montrealers are so serious about their bagels...but after having a few days of bagels at the hotel breakfasts, i found the montreal bagels tend to be sweater than the NY style bagels...so i was like...hmmm...do i really need to make a trip to check out these two legendary bagels shops...well, since this bagel shop is on the walking tour route suggested by Lonely Planet, i was like...may as well...there wasn't really a line when i got there. I ordered the "everything" bagel. I love it was fresh out of the oven and warm! The salt on the bagel balanced so well with the sweetness of the bagel. It was good and satisfying....and not as big as its cousins in NY :) so i didn;t have to worry about packing in 500+ calories just from a bagel :)Glad I stopped by!
4	From everything I read about Montreal I had to find Fairmont Bagels.  It's in a cute neighborhood and I actually enjoyed the walk (pretty long) back to the downtown area.  I went with two everything bagels and cream cheese.  I think it cost $2 and change. If the bagels were consistent, I'd give this place 5 stars, but one bagel was much thicker (and consequently less crunch) than the other so it wasn't quite as special.  There are super long lines, but they move fast.  I'd definitely come back.. and maybe ask for the skinnier bagels.
5	We stopped here & bought a dozen bagels to bring with us back to Toronto.  They're delicious.  So far we've tried sesame, chocolate, & 'all dressed'/everything.  All yum.Their version of the 'everything' bagel is divine - with just the right amount of caraway to bring out the flavors.As others have mentioned it isn't a place to eat in - grab your bag of warm bagels & go find a bench to enjoy them on.
4	In my last review I compared Montreal bagels with New York bagels. It's all about what you grew up with and what you consider a "true" bagel.  For me the standard was H&H in NYC so my first Montreal bagel at Fairmount was disappointing: too sweet and kinda cake-y.  I tried them again since I was with someone who was new to the Montreal bagel.  This time we got some really good lox from a local shop, cream cheese and some pickles, to make a picnic out of it.  Having now had a Fairmount bagel with cream cheese and lox I really appreciate them; the sweetness works really well with the saltiness of the lox and the creaminess of the cheese.  The balance of the flavors was perfect.  The guy at the conserves store next door was really helpful, pointing us to a great place to buy lox (Latina market on St. Viateur).
5	With very little exaggeration, I lived solely off of bagels and cream cheese on my 5-day Montreal getaway, and Fairmount is why. Fresh, cheap, hand-rolled, and carboliciously satisfying...these bagels are definitely what's up. St Viateur's is delicious as well, but Fairmount is noticeably better in my opinion. Highly recommend the "all-dressed" and sesame, and skip the garlic and blueberry. You cannot visit Montreal without savoring these bagels. And if you're from New York, you really really must go.You'd be shaming your fellow bagel-loving nyc brethren by wasting this bagel experience.
5	I had just a few requests while visiting Montreal and bagels was at the top of the list. On Sunday morning I dragged my gluten free traveling companion Crystal H to Fairmount  so I could get a bagel before leaving this lovely city.Crystal was a good sport and stood in line with me even though she couldn't indulge in a bagel herself. Fortunately the line moved pretty fast and minutes later I was sitting outside on a bench enjoying not 1, but 2 warm sesame bagels. Mmmm. I enjoyed them the good old fashioned Montreal way- dipping them in a tiny tub of Philadelphia cream cheese. They were so good that I contemplated bringing some home for the family, but realized I'd probably just eat the entire bag on the plane.  I'll just have to take the fam back to Montreal with me soon we can enjoy some more good bagels.
3	3.5 starsBagels are fired in a wood(?) burning oven and you see the guys rolling the bagels right there.  The front entrance was almost completely blocked by bagles (er, fire hazard much?) save a very narrow cleared path where people have to turn sideways for others to pass.  CASH ONLY.  Street parking is a bit tough.Sesame and poppy seed bagels are REALLY good ($0.80).  Chewy all over, smaller than American bagels (of course), slight crunch on the outside, soft on the inside.  Lost half a star here.  Got a chocolate bagel and thought they gave me the wrong thing - all I could taste was orange peel.  I almost thought they gave me a raisin cinnamon bagel by mistake.  I tasted no chocolate whatsoever.  ($1.00)They lost a complete star for their garlic bagel.  Burnt garlic, bitter, gross.  I started picking off the garlic pieces.  We only finished it since we were getting starved on the way back to the good ol' U.S. of A.Small cream cheeses are $0.40 each, enough for 1.5 bagel if use sparingly enough but definitely not for two.  What's a bagel without cream cheese?  There's a bigger one for $1.00.These really don't keep you full for too long.  Two people polished off four bagels, 3 cream cheeses over the course of 4 hours.  Was starving by pre-dinner.
4	Good Montreal style bagels that when you miss the ones from home (New York) you can enjoy theirs with some cream cheese. They tasted fresh out of the oven, love the sesame bagel and fairly cheap as well. My friends and I throughly enjoy having their bagels.
5	A great place to get a Montreal-style bagel at anytime of day.  I rarely can resist the urge to eat at least one bagel on the way home.Along with the thousands of sesame seed bagels, Fairmount also sells a selection of other varieties.  Though these others are never quite as fresh or warm as the sesame.The shop sells a wide variety of bagel spreads, smoked salmon, milk and juice. Perfect for a mini-breakfast run to start your morning.
5	OMG - Definitely worth going if you are in Montreal!!And remember to eat it fresh - it is amazing paired with an organic cream cheese. mmmm....
5	The best and freshest bagels I have ever had, including NYC. Get the sesame bagel.
4	Difference from NY bagels:- smaller- much sweeter- no distinction between "top" and "bottom" (ok har har)- less denseDifference from St. Viateur, the "rival" bagel shop a block away:- less dense- 10 cents more expensive, at 80 cents each- supposedly preferred by locals (St. Viateur is known as the "tourist" bagel shop?)- shop is a little nicer/touristy looking, with a much bigger variety- 10-person lineup on a Friday afternoon (St. Viateur was empty at the same time)That's pretty much it. I like my bagels chewier so I preferred St. Viateur. And I like things salty rather than sweet so I prefer my hometown's bagels. ;) But you just can't deny the inherent deliciousness of a bread product straight from the oven.Don't like sesame on your bagels? Get a sesame bagel anyway! Sesame seeds freshly toasted under direct flame in a wood-fired oven = amazing nutty flavor imparted to your hot bagel. I guess NY sesame bagels don't have anywhere near this flavor because they're usually baked in a conventional oven?
4	Real good bagel.  Not what I expected when I walked in but the bagels were sweet and good
5	My favourite bagels in Montreal, no question, and a visit to their store to get 'em hot just makes me happy. Usually available hot out of the oven, I'll have 2 or 3 just driving home - plain! Just don't ask "do you have any fresh ones" because you'll get the standard "they're all fresh" answer. If you want hot ones, ask for 'em like that.And if you plan on freezing them anyway, get the day-olds at an incredible price. Best. Bagels. Ever. Go now. They're open 24 hours!(Cash only.)
5	The biggest surprise of my Montreal trip by far, was discovering how great these bagels were. Better than any I've EVER tried anywhere(and I very oddly didn't try bagels in at least one place, when I was in NYC...), and I enjoyed the fact that theirs were less dense than ones I've had in the U.S. Not too expensive, and Fairmount sells their own cream cheeses that were excellent.Don't think I need to say too much else, except to look at Ju L's review on the differences between their bagels(and Chicago ones seem to be similar to NYC style bagels, based on what people have told me they are like).
4	Best place to go for bagels.http://lovetoblog.ca/?p=97
5	VIBEAlways crowded. Always smells great. 24 hours a day. I ATESesame seed bagel. 80 cents. Warm right out of the oven. Nothing is better on a cold Montreal day. OBLIGATORY CATCHY REMARK Classic Montreal.
5	Best Bagels in The World. Nuff' said
4	Four stars for these bagels and pretzels. Right from the oven, still warm. Just perfect!
4	Yelp keeps wanting me to review this place (even though my visit was last fall) so I will.I was told by fellow Denver yelper Julio T to try a Montreal bagel so I Yelped it and this appeared to be one of the top places.  It's also close to Dieu du Ciel so after beers and nachos it seemed only appropriate to pick up bagels for dinner.This spot is tiny and they appear to do a banging wholesale business as crates and crates of bagged sesame seed bagels literally smoosh the patrons into a single file line.  It is fun to watch the bakers at work, chopping off long strips from a huge piece of dough and molding them into an irregular shaped bagel.Because my western, chain bagel shop palette says that toasted everything bagels with cream cheese are the best, we ordered two all dressed bagels with cream cheese.  It took sometime (smooshed in a corner) since this is a less usual order (one should probably get the hot from the oven sesame seed, unadorned).  There was also nowhere to sit and it was a bit chilly outside so after a bike ride back to our B&B, they were pretty cold, but still chewy and delicious.  To me anyway.  I'm pretty easy to please, bagelwise.
5	Amazing bagels! Crusty on the outside, soft and chewy inside....
4	I'm from Jersey and am quite used to the New York/New Jersey style of bagels. I wasn't expecting much from this style, which I had heard was much different, but I love it!!! I don't love NY/NJ any less, but these are awesome. Slightly sweet, doughy, but the exterior had just enough integrity, and at this place especially, super fresh and right-out-of-the-oven. They are something like 80 cents a bagel so you can't complain about that (toppings are extra of course). But I don't really care about the price as much as I wished the bagels were bigger haha they are quite small and I've grown accustomed to large portions. Ok, so the size was satisfying, just my tastebuds were craving more. I don't know if this is all the time, but when you walk in, there's a giant stack of bagels taking up more than half of the already tiny space. When my group of 4 arrived at around 1pm, there was only one man waiting in line, but within minutes, it was out the door! Everyone was double-parked outside specifically to get their bagels, including us lol =)I got a poppy bagel with cream cheese and smoked salmon. So good! And the fish was extremely fresh. This was already my 3rd trip to Montreal, and I plan on coming back many many more times... will surely stop by Fairmount again!
1	A bagel is a bagel is a bagel. Got the sesame seed bagel. It was ~$1. But if you want them to put cream cheese on it, it's an extra $3. SAY WHAT?! Extra 40 cents for a little packet of Philadelphia cream cheese. Definitely do not understand all this hype!
5	Best bagels I have ever had. First time I had it I was like "WHAO!!" Bagels always made fresh. The shop smells like heaven ought to smell. This is a must-visit whenever you're in the area.
3	I don't believe I lined up TWICE at Fairmount Bagel for a bagel or 2 when I was at Montreal for the weekend.I tried the Sesame and the Chocolate ones... They were A-OK but didn't make me go WOW.The line though was short both times so my Yelp Friend didn't go banana....I wish I have a toaster oven in the hotel to warm it up. They got so hard and solid when I trying to eat one as drunk food .. I just could not do it!!
5	Legit woodfired bagels baked to perfection right before your eyes. Antique wooden paddles, hand-shaped yeast bagels on site every day, all day. MUST taste bagels and ask for the smoked salmon. You will not regret this.
3	Good but not amazing. Maybe I should have ordered one that was right out of the oven insted of from the basket? Or maybe I should have tried a different kind of bagel. Only $1 for a bagel. Cash only so it was a good way to relieve myself of the last of my Canadian coins. Liked seeing the wood-fire baking method.
4	Must try bagels when in Montreal. The cumin bagels were different nd tasty!
4	One of the few culinary things that Montreal is known for are their bagels.  So being a New Yorker, I was very curious to try one of the proclaimed "best bagel is Montreal" shops.  From our hotel is was a long way, which was deceptive on the map, so our appetites were building up to beastly proportions early in the morning.The bagel shop is located on a quiet suburban area off the more bustling streets a few blocks away.  You'll know when you've arrived when you see a line of people out the door.  Get in line quickly but fear not, the service is fast.  The shop inside is small, standing room only.  Sort through the chalk scribed menu behind the few young ladies at the counter to order what you'd like.  While you wait, lay your eyes behind the ladies to see their open kitchen and watch them kneed, roll, boil, garnish and bake the bagels right before your eyes.  Receiving a freshly made bagel is truly a treat.  They're not as dense as New York style making them less chewy.  I do like the lightness and the process of boiling them in honey water before baking gives it a subtle sweetness.  A welcomed addition because even eating it plain is tasty, but I had my sesame bagel with salmon, cream cheese and capers.Hard to compare to New York's offering but it basically comes down to preference.  Personally, I like these better for their airiness and easier chew but wish there is a Montreal style bagel place in the city.
5	Warm Sesame,  Poppy seed, and chocolate bagels were the best we've ever eaten. Line moved quickly. Went back a second time after devouring first order.
4	In the St. V vs Fairmount Bagel throw down, we chose Fairmount. These were less sweet and tasted more fresh. They were darker on the outside and had a nice contrast in texture to the inside. They're 10 cents more per individual bagel, but totally worth it. They also have an everything flavor (which St. V doesn't) that really hits the spot. Still not as good as NY bagels, but worth a try for a satisfying local breakfast.
4	We stopped here on our way out of Montreal and these bagels were good enough to quell the stress of our impending 7 hour drive home. The shop is very small and only accepts cash. Luckily they also accept American because we ran out of Canadian. If you order the bagels plain, they are very cheap. About 80 cents or so. However we ordered ours with cream cheese which drove the price up to about $3.50 a pop which is kind of a lot (which is why we were shocked/embarrassed to run out of Canadian money!) The bagels were not warm unfortunately but lived up to their flavor expectations. They have sort of a sweeter, lighter taste to them than NY bagels. My bf and I scarfed ours down immediately. They are definitely smaller than their American counterparts. Thankfully we had some more cash on us and ran back in to buy 2 more with cream cheese and a half dozen to freeze at home.
5	Fairmount Bagel was my first encounter with a Montreal bagel. Wow, it's damn good. A bit different than a NYC bagel, less dense/thick but still super tasty. Apparently sesame bagels are the bagel of choice in Montreal though Fairmount Bagel has a wider selection including pretzel bagels and chocolate chip bagels. I was lucky to snag some sesame bagels straight out of the oven.  I devoured 2 and even without any fillings they were delicious. It's also neat that you can watch the bagel bakers hard at work shaping bagels and piling them into the oven while you wait (and wait) for your turn at the counter. There is no seating, but it's easy to eat your bagel as you up and down the pleasant family friendly street.Fairmount Bagel clearly has a great reputation on Yelp and I agree it lives up to it's billing. Worth a trip...even of the location isn't super convenient. Cash only.
3	Listen, these bagels are good...very good, but they didn't blow me away. In fact, I thought the "everything" bagel and the garlic bagels were downright disgusting. No, like inedible disgusting. The best ones were the basic, plain ones (for me). Anyway, it was a fun place to go to and pick up a snack. Not a great place to get drinks to go with the snack, since they only seem to sell whole cartons of juice. Glad I tried it, would try it again, but probably wouldn't go out of my way to do so. BUT that's me...people seem to be die hard Montreal bagel fans and if that's you, I think you hold this place in much higher esteem! All the power to ya!
5	In NYC a week before a trip to Montreal, someone suggested we try the bagels.  That was a little strange, because everyone knows where good bagels come from, and it isn't "Canada".  However, we were very pleasantly surprised after getting a few bagels here.  They're not trying to be NYC bagels. The Bozo bagel is giant and chewy and delicious.This was definitely a five star bagel place, we didn' t make it over to the OTHER Montreal place, so I can't say if it is better than there, but even if that other place has more delicious bagels, you'll end up with awesome bagels from Fairmount.
3	I found myself in the area and decided to visit around 9 PM for the next morning's breakfast. I quickly discovered  some variety of bagels I wanted weren't available, which was disappointing. So I went with the Sesame and Garlic bagels. The Sesame bagel wasn't as delicious as the ones I've gotten at other bagel places (it lacked the taste and wasn't as dense) and the garlic bagels left to be desired. In fact, they were kind of gross.So all in all, I wasn't impressed.For those not in the know, this is a tiny bagel place with no seating available, you simply order and you leave with bagels stuffed in a bag. They also sell a variety of cream cheeses like those at the grocery store at grossly exaggerated prices.I've been a usual customer to it's competitor up the street at St-Viateur and I wasn't convinced of the quality of the bagels at Fairmount after so much hoopla.Sorry folks.
5	A bit sweeter, a bit smaller and a bit denser, but with tons more character than many bagels I've had in Boston and NYC. I had a lox on sesame as well as a plain sesame later as a snack. Both were well worth the trek to Fairmount.
2	I'm not a big fan of bagels but my friend suggested we try some of these as they are apparently quite reputable.I find bagels dry and these didn't deviate from this norm. The sesame seeds were good though tasted like they had been cooked 2 days ago and were just sitting there waiting. The plain one was an unsalted pretzel. We also tried a blueberry bagel for some sugar and I have to say it wasn't good at all. The blueberry taste was very industrial and not fruity at all. Quite disappointing.
3	Hand rolled, boiled and wood fired bagels. I've never seen a wood fired bagel oven. Not a NY bagel but close and less doughy. A sort of "leaner" version of its NY cousin. Somehow I felt less guilty eating this one. Try one of the many varieties. The all dressed (everything) with smoked salmon (not salty) and cream cheese was great and you can sit outside on a bench and enjoy if the weather is cooperating.
4	Don't forget that what you are getting is just a bagel for less than $1 and expect too much out of it. Eat them while they are still warm (this will only be the case for sesame bagels).It would be nice if they have a better cream cheese instead of Philadelphia.
4	If you're in the Montreal area and you're a fan of bagels this spot should definitely be on your must-try list.  This is purely a take-out place so don't expect seating room (although there's a bunch of benches on the same block if you're hungry).Bagels were very good and Montreal-style (aka heavy).  Sesame seed ones are always a classic or if you're in the mood for something a bit sweeter the chocolate bagels were pretty good too (although since they're less popular, they're obviously less fresh).
4	One great thing about Montreal is the abundance of shops, restaurants, and small businesses that add to the city's sense of place.Add this to that list. While there are no seats or ambiance to speak of, the bagels and the tradition speak for themselves. There are approximately ten-twelve main varieties such as plain, meuslix, sesame, blueberry, and chocolate. in the morning and at peak times, there is always a wait. if you can stop in for an afternoon bagel, they will have some hot, fresh options then as well, with little or no wait.The bagels are good. However, some are better than others. The chocolate chip seems like a necessary sweet option, but is not the most exciting. The blueberry and sesame are better choices.
4	No doubt does this place have solid bagels. The line moves fast and I pretty much tried half their bagel selection, ie. poppy, cumin, all-dressed, cinnamon raisin, sesame. I thoroughly enjoyed my first experience of THE Montreal bagel. I liked the texture of the innards and the hardness of the outsides. I'd have to pick all-dressed for my favourite and cinnamon raisin as my least favourite.
5	Maybe the best bagels I've had.  Crunchy on the outside, soft in the middle.  You can smell the smoke in the air when the bagels are cooking and you can taste it in the bagels. When you go, buy at least a half dozen.  You'll thank me later.  On my Montreal trip, we kept going back for more and even kept some with us to continue our Quebec trip.
5	Here's a bit of advice to a patron who's new to to Montreal bagels or Fairmount Bagels in particular:If you are new to Montreal bagels, just know that they ARE NOT New York bagels.  They have a different, shape, texture, and flavour.  Perhaps you will enjoy one type more than the other, but both have You will have the best experience if you just ask for what's freshest.  Frequently those are the sesame bagels, but just *look* at what's coming out of the oven.  Those are the bagels you want to be eating.  If you love, say poppy bagels best (like I do) but those are several hours old, just suck it up and order whatever just came out.
5	Being a NY Jew, I have had a lot of bagel experiences. These bagels are legitimately the best I have ever had. They are perfect. No fuss, no muss...just a glorious warm sesame bagel with cream cheese....mmm...If you are in Montreal this place is a must.
5	First stop on trying the Montreal bagel in Montreal. Chose an everything bagel with the cream cheese. $3. Very good! I might toast it if I was at home, but delicious regardless. Friendly people and nice to have the cheese put on for me!
5	Hands down the BEST bagel I have ever eaten...and this coming from a New Yorker (we're proud of our bagels). The sesame bagel is a work of art. Paired with a little cream cheese & the salmon spread that I purchased: Delicious! I'm glad my son did a little research on where to buy bagels.
3	On a wet snowy Sunday afternoon, we bravely made the trek out to the famous Fairmount Bagels. Since St. Viateur was close, we decided to pick up some from there as well to compare to each other as well as to NY-style bagels. All in the name of research, people!Fairmount vs. St. ViateurBagels from both locations were fresh from the oven and still warm when they were handed to us. I can't say that I preferred one over the other. Eventually, bagels from both locations were mixed up, and we couldn't pick out which ones came from where. They were also both great with cream cheese & smoked salmon.Montreal vs. NY:Both are respectable in their own way. NY counterparts are fluffier & thicker and can be taken more seriously as a meal. Montreal bagels are thinner with more crust to crumb ratio, best eaten as a snack, and I love snacks.Overall, I enjoy all bagels, and refuse to play this silly game of favorites.
5	Everyone needs to have a Fairmount bagel in their lifetime. The best part of this place is that you can go anytime of day. They also have a ton of selection and will sell you the cream cheese to go with it. Plus they are hot hot hot!I have always enjoyed this little shop, and I think you will too.
4	NY isn't the only place with great bagels.  We bought a half-dozen, blueberry, chocolate, everything and a sweet mini.  We warmed the bagels in the oven on low, and they were soft, chewy, and flavorful.  The chocolate had orange in it, a nice touch with chocolate.Recommended.
5	try their power bagel. toasted with butter and a good latte and you've got your breakfast.
3	Be warned this is just a stop and grab the bagels type of place. There is no seating. They have tons of bagels stacked on top of each other, and just enough room to stand and get your order of bagels.The oven baked and hand rolled bagels have a chewier and denser texture, compared to store bought bagels. We got an assortment of half a dozen bagels. My favourites were the sesame, blueberry, and pumpernickel bagels. I preferred my bagels toasted with a bit of cream cheese. We tried one not toasted, and I enjoyed bagel toasted. The toaster gives it that crunchy exterior and soft interior texture.
5	No nonsense, cash only, world class, Montreal bagels...   5 stars.   If you want Montreal bagels, this is where you go.
5	Such a good and simple place to visit and buy freshly baked bagels. This is a MUST!Bagels coming out the oven still warm and are so soft. Next level stuff. They also offer a wide variety of smoked salmon, hummus, cream cheese, etc. Plus, it's 24/7. You can't miss it. Just try it.
5	If you're going to Montreal, this place is a must!How great can a bagel be? Well, come and see for yourself.  Although the location is physically small and looks like a house, the atmosphere inside is classic.  Watch as the happy staff roll the dough, boil the bagels, seed them and flip them into the oven!Take as many as you can home to freeze but make sure you eat a hot one right away! Get a second with a bit of cream cheese, you'll thank me later. Although Montreal is known for its bagels and many bagel restaurants, this is a must visit.  If you're from Toronto and stopping by Montreal, bring me back a dozen!Can't wait to go back.  This is a true 5 star bagel.  #bagelwars! Bonus: apparently this place is 24/7...  Can you get anymore more perfect????
2	Came to montreal hearing that bagels, smoked meats and poutine are all the rage here.  Ordered the salmon lox bagel and a half dozen onion bagels.To be honest, I couldnt see what all the hype was about.  Yes i can tell the difference between the montreal bagel and a regular new york bagel but it doesnt warrant all the hype.  The only difference is that montreal bagels are chewier and taste more like pretzels.Not overly impressed.  Personally not worth the walk in -10 degree weather.
3	We came here for lunch as it was advertised everywhere ( I mean who doesn't want to eat at the place where the first bagel  to go space are from!). Small shop with a bunch if crates outside; you could miss it if you weren't looking. I believe there are 20 types of bagels. The place is crowded inside, cash only. I chose the sweet bagel and the pumpernickel, with cream cheese. My friend ordered the garlic.I ate the small sweet one first. It was hard as a rock!! So I'm not very impressed right now. Next was the pumpernickel which was better but not as soft and chewy as I read them to be. It was also a lighter color. I did eat it as I was starving but it would have been better toasted as others have mentioned.  I will make sure to get what's freshest next time.We returned 15 mins later to buy a pack of garlic ones to take back to Cali. I am curious about St. Vitieur's now and wished we took out cabby's advice to do a taste test.
5	All dressed bagels won't be beat! A little bit salty, with various seeds and seasame on top of the bagel. Everything is just perfect
5	I am going to give this 5 stars, and I will say this is as good as it gets. But I need to throw some caveats on that, which I guess, if you read my other reviews, there always are. I guess I could change our screen name to WithCaveats, but then, that's not very personable, is it?Full disclosure:1. I am from NJ and work in NY2. I love bagels from NY/NJ3. Andy is from Canada4. She loves bagels from FairmountOk, having said that, let me also put the following forward as a point of evidence in this great bagel debate:* bagels from NY/NJ and bagels from Montreal are not, in fact, the same food. Bagels from NY/NJ are big, doughy blobs that suck up butter or scream for cream cheese and lox to be slathered on them. Montreal bagels are smaller, leaner versions of the above. While they are perfectly happy basking in some melted butter or dabbling a small dance of cream cheese, they are not quite as indulgent as the NY/NJ version described above. Of course, you generally need to eat 2-3 of these so...Anyway, if you accept the fact that these are 2 different food groups, then we can move forward with this very simple review. These are very good. They are not the same food you will get in NY/NJ. But for what they are, which we established above is a different food entirely, they are very good. Ok why are they good?1. They are fresh2. They are LOADED with sesame seeds3. You got the sesame right?4. They travel well5. They freeze well6. They are tight, compact, and flavorfulIn some ways, and forgive me for saying this, they are more resilient than a good New York bagel. Not that this ever happens, but if you have a NY bagel 2 days after you buy it, often times it's hard enough to drive a nail in with. With the Fairmount bagel, it's a bit more edible. Maybe you can drive a tack in. This is a bit of an attraction when you're in Montreal. Even the border guard knew about them when we were coming back. You should go. You should buy a dozen. You should eat at least 2 of them before you get where you're going.
4	Cash only. Even on a rainy freezing day, the line is 20 people deep. The customers here seem more serious than those at St-Viateur since they buy them in bulk (multiple bags worth). Curiosity and greed got me to order a half dozen (rather than two). The poppy seed has a spongy consistency that I am not a fan of (might I say the sesame and poppy at St V is better?). Blueberry. THE blueberry. In hindsight I should have ordered 2 dozen blueberry and brought them home with me to nyc. It was a crunchy outside and soft sweet inside. Delicious!!! I highly recommend this specialty flavor and since everyone has their own opinion about which is the best spot for Montreal bagels, you should test it out on your own. But note that the plainer flavors will lack salt, something I find across the board in Montreal cuisine but nothing a little butter and malden salt wont fix!
4	Amazing bagels, it is by far the best bagel you can have. I always eat at least one before I even leave the store. In Montreal, there is always a debate about who the best but for me I give my vote to Fairmount. In addition to the great taste, it remains soft even after I freeze it for a month.
5	Grab a bagel and head to a nearby park. Eat delicious bagel. Contemplate going back for another. Had the everything with salmon and cream cheese. Delicious!
5	A must when visiting Montreal. As others have stated, just try getting out of the store without immediately trying one. Oh, and definitely stop by on your last day in town to get a bag full to take home and freeze. The perfect consistency for toasting.
2	Over rated with no wow factor.  To be completely honest the bagels were just ok. Ordered smoked salmon and cream cheese on onion bagel, and wife ordered flaxseed with the same. Unfortunately she was presented with a day old bagel. If you are going to order a bagel here ask "what bagel is fresh from the oven"and just go with it.
3	Warning: If you are from the USA and are used to New York's amazing style bagel, this is a very different bagel. It's a little more thin, dense, and crunchy than New York's.The actual bagel shop is small, but you can watch them make the bagels, which is cool. I ordered the chocolate chip bagel (it had lemon in it be warned) and it cost extra to add regular cream cheese on it.It was a decent bagel, but again, don't expect New York style.
4	Some of the best bagels in the city. Nothing better than a fairmont bagel with capers and lochs!!
3	If your coming here to eat lunch, supper etc then find someplace else to properly eat but if your coming here for breakfast, snack or something light then this is the place. (Bakery)This is the original baking bagel place and it's cozy and nice but there is not a lot of choice of sandwich: cream or salmon or both.But the bagels are good :)
5	Super tasty sesame bagel warm from the oven.  Hard to beat the taste for the low, low price of about $1.00 each. I'd recommend you to appreciate the taste for what it is (Montreal) instead of comparing to what it's not (NYC style).
5	It was really good. We had our breakfast there with sesame bagel and cream cheese. Def. would go again!
5	Dare I say these beat New York bagels??? Why yes they do. They are open 24-hours a day and you can get fresh bagels straight out of the oven. Make sure to ask which ones are warm. They don't have fresh cream cheese though, that's where New York bagels may win!!
2	Honestly, why is this place a big deal at all?  Just an average bagel.
4	Light fluffy crispy fresh Montreal style bagels. Had these on the go without any cream cheese or lox but it was still delicious !
5	This is the best bagel I've ever had. Ever.Of any kind of bagel anywhere.Sorry, New York. You lose.Light, airy, crispy, sesame, small and manageable, and so perfect warm. Amazing.If you buy a half dozen or a dozen, they freeze well, and then just reheat them completely whole in a toaster oven. They'll still be crispy on the outside and soft on the inside.
4	Had an everything bagel.   Didn't have anything on it (no cream cheese or anything), just the bagel, and it was really really  good.   There was a hint of sweetness to it that isn't in most bagels, it was nice and warm, and had a good amount of density to airiness, with just the right amount of softness to make the texture really nice.If you're in the area, check it out.
5	Bagels are warm and delicious! There was a line up, but since I was chatting up with my friend I didn't mind waiting, plus it was pretty outside. Got a half dozen of sesame bagels. Came up to 4.20$ I think or 4.71$! Not bad at all. There's plenty of cream cheeses to choose from to buy, and there's also smoked salmon.The cashiers were nice! I will definitely be going back!
5	Fairmont is a tiny bakery that makes great bagels. "All Dressed" is the best flavor. The bagels are fresh, cheap and not too bready.I'm giving an extra star for the hours. It's a 24/7 operation. The fact that I can get a delicious bagel at any hour of the night makes me very happy. A+ service.
5	Best bagels I've ever had!! And I can confirm that Fairmount is truly Montreal's best bagel place (leagues ahead of St-Viateur, which had the gall to serve cold, stale bagels). My bf ordered a multigrain bagel and I went with the seasonal blueberry bagel. F*cking delicious is all I can say! These bagels are oven baked to perfection: delightfully crispy on the outside and pillowy soft on the inside. The multigrain was slightly sweet and the dough had been well-mixed (so no graininess), everything good multigrain should be. The blueberry was just AMAZING! It was so good, my bf stopped eating his multigrain and started fighting me for pieces of the blueberry, haha. The blueberry bagel tastes just like a blueberry muffin but with more substance; The texture, though, is completely different from blueberry muffins -- crispy, light, airy, fluffy, pillowy, delightfully warm, absolutely scrumptious! (I'm salivating just thinking about it!)Food: 5/5 -- Next time I'm in Montreal, I'm getting 5 lbs of blueberry bagels!Service: 4/5 -- Great! Friendly and welcoming. Though, keep in mind, they're cash only.Atmosphere: 4/5 -- Small space, gets crowded very easily cause of their popularity, and expect insane lines, but the orders move fast and the hustle and bustle from opening til closing is a good sign of a great bagel business!Overall: 5/5 -- What I wouldn't give for another Fairmount Blueberry Bagel right now!!
5	We had all-dressed (i.e. everything) bagels with salmon & cream cheese.  My wife declared hers the best bagel she ever had!
5	Fairmont bagels is a shining oasis in a milieu of doughy hunks of carbs.  These bagels are much lighter and more flavorful than any bagel I have ever had in my life.  I would say the sesame are the best, and they make'em fresh and hot around the clock.  The only problem is that they're half gone by the time you get home.  These put NYC bagels to shame - so even if you hate bagels, just try one bite - you won't be disappointed.
4	I liked these bagels more than the St. Viateur bagels, but only slightly- they are pretty comparable. I got a sesame bagel with cream cheese, and my husband got an all-dressed (everything) bagel with lox. Both were very tasty, but we weren't completely fully afterwards. I like that this place is a tiny itty-bitty bakery that just focuses on baking. Keeps it real, you know? We came late-morning on a Wed, so it was pretty quiet....but I can imagine the madness this place causes on peak hours/weekends. Impossible to fit more than 4 people inside! Definitely worth a stop if you're in the area.
5	Extremely tasty bagel FYI fellow yelpers with strollers this place is extremely small inside large racks for bagels are taking up the space inside
5	Being new to Montreal, we knew right away that bagels, poutine and smoked meat were in order!!  And we're super pleased to have discovered that we hit bagel success on our first go!! We had discovered Fairmount Bagel via a friend of our's who has been studying in Montreal, and subsequently noticed advertisements for the place in all our tourist guides!  We took an afternoon to visit this highly anticipated place, and already consider ourselves addicts!  There was a line out the door, and for good reason!  We found it super artisanal in feel that the place boasted a modest and non-pretentious store front with an open kitchen where we could see all the yummy goods being produced.  The ordering system was simple and efficient, as all orders are for takeaway.  The servers were super nice, and completely bilingual, which is always a plus!  We ordered a half dozen bagels to go, along with bagel sandwiches with smoked salmon.  Our only mistake was not ordering an entire dozen!! They're  seriously the best bagels you'll ever have, and given how popular they are, it's nice to see a place which doesn't skimp on their quality, or modify prices in an unjust manner!  This was such a good discovery, and a fabulous welcome to Montreal:)
5	YES!! I always wondered if Montreal bagels lived up to the hype and for a minute I thought they were on the same page as any other bagels I've had but flatter. I tried out Montreal style bagels at other food joints (shoot me, I know) and I tried St-Viateur. I enjoyed the bagels but they didn't blow my mind. Then I tried Fairmont Bagel. Not only did I blow my mind but I jizzed in my pants and afterwards I brought some bagels and had sex with them through the hole of the bagels. These bagels brought a YUMMY-TO-MY-TUMMY. I had the blueberry, cinnamon raisin, power bagel, multigrain and seriously every other flavor.They taste like clouds with a crust. Its like you take a bite and its so soft and a little crunchy on the edges AND you can taste the honey that Montreal bagels are known to have in them. Thin, soft, tasty, ALWAYS fresh=heaven. and it helps that the bagels here are very cheap. Like a 1.25 or something.If you're a bagel lover then you owe it to yourself to try this place out and if you're not a bagel lover then perhaps Fairmount bagel can pop your bagel cherry.VISIT FAIRMOUNT! More than once, twice, 3 times. Come here and make sure you buy plenty of bagels!
5	Best bagels I've ever had, anywhere in the world. Puts any NY bagel shop to shame. This is the way bagels should be. Dense, moist and made with consistent quality.
5	I had the All-Dressed with lox and cream cheese.Best bagel I've ever had. Totally amazing!
3	After reading profusely about the iconic Fairmount Bagel, calling itself the pioneer of bagel stores in Montreal, I must admit I had some fair expectations; I expected a bagel that would "wow" me and that I would remember afterwards. Unfortunately, none of these expectations were met... My husband had the "power" bagel, I had the garlic one. While I appreciated the freshness and purity of the bread, I was not wowed. The garlic bagel, presumably having been slightly overcooked, had a very noticeable charred taste. The "power" was a bit more balanced and wholesome, yet it wasn't in any way remarkable or memorable. Both were pretty average bagels and I found myself a bit disappointed. At least, the prices are fair and the authentic brick-oven at the back of the store add to the ambiance.In all honesty, I truly wish I could have been part of the Fairmount Bagel hype! Alas I do not share the common view it would seem. I don't think we will be back.
4	In flavor they are as good as you can imagine, the best bagle I've ever had, not even NYC bagels beat them, the place itself is a bit unconfortable and small, you cannot even see all the varieties  of bagels they have on the displays because is full of packaged product around.
5	I had not even heard of Fairmount Bagel before visiting Montreal but was encouraged by a local to try them.  It was definitely worth the trip and the wait in line.  We ordered a dozen sesame bagels and received fresh out of the oven bagels.Definitely the best bagels we have had. It is a tiny place so don't let the line up discourage you.  We highly recommend these and will definitely visit again when we return to Montreal.
3	We were walking down the street and saw a huge line for bagels which goes fast. So we decided to get a bagel to see what the hype was all about. People were leaving with bag full of bagels, must be good. We tried one onion and one cinnamon raisin bagel. Both were good but small.  I guess coming from NY, home of the bagel it's hard for me to judge bagels from elsewhere. Although I must say the bagels here are good, hard shell and very soft in the inside. I definitely would not be taking any home with me but would get some while in Montreal.
5	Bagels don't get better than this!  If there's better, please tell me where. Go for the standard. Sesame. When these things are right out of the oven they are a slice of heaven!  I go out of my way in a cab to get here whenever I get to Montreal.
4	Ok, hear this, I am in NO WAY comparing these bagels to NY bagels. In fact, I think food comparisons (think: NY Pizza vs. Chicago Pizza) are absurd. While they are the same foods in name, how can one truly "compare" two entirely different iterations of a food. Case in point, Montreal Bagels. These bagels are amazing, in fact, they are the best when eaten still warm, right out of the oven. The place is a spectacle, and I would recommend spending a few minutes watching them make the bagels. In a time when everything is mass produced and loaded with artificial ingredients, these bagels are as pure as it comes. The bagels have a slight sweetness to them, and are smaller and denser than a NY bagel. Eating one will not leave you feeling insanely full, however, it will leave you happy. Fairmount makes great Montreal style bagels, the only reason I didn't give 4 stars- the long lines and cramped space make it difficult to navigate. However, it is worth a visit when you go to Montreal! ***Get yourself a string of the sweet bagels, they are like twice baked or something and are sweet and crunchy. Our 3 year old LOVES THEM! They come in a bunch on a string so they're fun to buy...
4	A tiny 24-hour operation with hot fresh dense bagels with a touch of sweetness...is that honey? Either way, it's delicious. I squeezed in on a weekday morning and had two all-dressed toasted with cream cheese, waited about five minutes for them, then took them outside for a nice relaxing snack. Ended up bringing a dozen more home with me.
2	I don't understand the hype around this place. Maybe it's because I grew up with New York area bagels. Montreal-style bagels don't compare, and Fairmount didn't impress.
4	Yay for Fairmount! The bagels are delicious. You can see the bakers hard at work in the background while you order. They also have tons of flavors beyond sesame and poppy, but I only ever get those two. I love how the bagels are completely covered in whatever their topping is-- compare to NY style bagels, which are only topped on one side. The prices are also great, less than $1 a piece if you buy a dozen. And they even sell cream cheese and salmon so you can make your own sandwich! A must if you visit Montreal.
4	Get an All dress with Cream cheese and go next store to get a double americano. Seriously, watch your body collapse, your lips perch into a smile and your heart melt into the true beauty of Montreal!
5	Man, these bagels are the real deal. Delicious spots to go for a late night snack. They have all kinds of flavors, but the sesame bagels are the classic and they come out hot and fresh pretty much continuously.
5	I'm a sucker for being able to see them make the bagels and the ovens firing up and all that stuff while I'm ordering. Maybe that's why I like this place so much. It's so intimate. THAT, and I generally hate eating carbs, especially when it's carbs on it's own but when it comes to these bagels? Everything changes.The all dressed are heavily AND heavenly all dressed. (WARNING: the scent of the all dressed bagels will seep into everything and make everything smell like it, so make sure you get them packaged separately). Get a smoked salmon and cream cheese bagel with the all dressed or the sesame. They're more than generous with the smoked salmon and cream cheese.Every bagel is amazing. EVERY. SINGLE. ONE. Well, I didn't like the chocolate chip bagels and neither did my sister. But I'm sure other people love them. Because they know what they're doing and they're doin' it well.
