5	I absolutely love this place and HIGHLY RECOMMEND it to everyone!These are the reasons why I'm a HUGE fan of this salon:1.  The place is odorless and clean (they use non-toxic, 100% natural organic gel for the base coat)2.  They sanitize & disinfect all their manicure tools and towels3.  The prices are great (absolutely worth every dime).  4.  The staff members are friendly and great at what they do.5.  The technicians offer many aesthetic designs/artworks to give your nails a unique look!Definitely check it out, you will NOT BE disappointed!
5	Just got back from getting a quick mani/pedi.  The price was very good and it was extremely clean.  For me the best part of it was they were quick.  If you're looking for a nice clean spot this is it!
5	THIS IS MY ABSOLUTE FAVORITE NAIL SALON!!!! I've never seen another place like this in Vegas. I asked them to customize my nail for my 21st bday, And they did such a great job I was do satisfied. It's unique, clean, PINK, luxurious, being in there made me feel like a queen. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED even if you just want a Mani and pedi  :) I'm a regular!
5	very cute boutiqte like nail salon!! friendly staffs and cute nail designs!
5	Luxy Nail is a new boutique nail salon situated in the same plaza as Japan creek market and Gold's Gym on Eastern / Serene. I adore the chic and trendy deco of this place. Contrary to your prototypical nail salon, Luxy is very clean and free of any acetone / nail polish chemical odor. Never had real nail UV gel polish before, I decided to try it out. I was surprised how fast gel polish dried and harden under UV lamp. The owner (Queena) is very charming and paying attention to every detail. She told me gel polish will maintain its high gloss and color without fading for 2-4 weeks. It does not chip/peel or snap off when you strike the tip of your nail on a keyboard (I will test this statement w/ real world work & house chore tests after 2 wks). Price here is pretty reasonable (you get what you paid for). They offer lots of cute Japanese nail art designs. I definitely recommend this place if you are fan of Japanese nail arts. I am a new fan of this boutique nail salon and UV gel polish!
5	This is my new favorite nail salon.  First, it is so clean, pretty and roomy. The colors are fun and the music being played is great.  Queena is wonderful, charming and very caring. I never had Gel Polish and I am now a huge fan. It dries so quickly, there is no odor and the gel is non-toxic and natural. It is easy to drive to from 215 and Eastern with plenty of parking.  This is a great new addition to Las Vegas.
5	Love love love ! I have been looking for a salon like this that specialize in 3D design! Right when you walk in the whole room is pink and purple! Feels like the heaven. Jenny is my artist, shes more than amazing. They serve me water in a cute princess cup, so cute. Chairs that make me feel like a absolute princess! It's quite pricey, but well worth it! My friends always ask me "where do you get your nails done?" everywhere I go. I typically spend about $100 every visit here including tip. That't for gel manicure with 3D design and a polish change on my toes. Don't forget to start a stamp card! While they do accept walk-ins, this place is just always so busy now... I would recommend making a appointment and keeping it.
4	I really like this cute little nail shop because it is not your typical chop shop. It's clean and relaxing. I have never had artificial nails of any kind but due to recent issues with my nails breaking so easily I decided to give them a try. The young lady suggested I go with gel tips which would last 2 weeks. Unfortunately, they started peeling off only 6 days later. I went back and she fixed them using a hard gel- no questions asked.  She did a great job of making my nails look natural and elegant.
5	Great unique decor. Nice friendly owner and technician. No chemical smell in the salon and it gives u more soothing and relaxing feel. Love my sparkling gel mani and pedi from this place!
5	I had a coupon from Living Social and since I am new to the area I have been trying a lot of nail places. This has been by far the best yet. Clean and very colorful. Love the girlie feel to it. The whole design is geared to make you feel pampered from the first moment.Jenny did a great job of my mani/pedi. The colors we choose looked great and she spent extra time on my problem feet (ugh). She also suggested some things I could do at home to combat the dryness.I will definitely be back.
5	I was in town for my wedding and wanted to get my nails done with my soon-to-be mother and sister-in-law. I yelped this place and based on the gallery and great reviews, I decided to come here.I booked an appointment the day before, and since there were only two girls working, I had to wait a little while to be worked. That was no problem for me because I planned on enjoying some pre-wedding relaxation time. The salon is ultra chic, modern, and clean. The chairs are super plush and comfy.I also loved the selection of designs and nail art available. They have displays of different types of gel nails, and two books full of gel and nail art designs. My nails came out really cute, and the price is comparable to other nail salons in Vegas. Also, the girls at Luxy are super sweet. They are very meticulous about their work, which I appreciate. I'll definitely be making a stop here for some pampering whenever I'm in town.
5	Came here today for my first time and I loved this place! The customer service is excellent and the decor is so cute! They even gave me a free gift since it was my first time. Oh and my nails came out so cute. :) Please check this place out!!!! I Will definitely be going back.
5	I love this place! The decor in there is very cute and fun. This is definitely not a stereotypical salon. You cannot smell any chemicals in this place, every thing smells very fresh and clean. I usually always get gel polish on my nails and just regular polish on my toes. Both types of polishes there are great, nothing ever chips or comes off.  They have a variety of unique nail art and charms, the staff there is very talented. Jennie is the girl who does my nails. She pays very close attention to detail and always makes sure my nails look perfect.  I used to go to a different place to get my nails done but after visiting Luxy the first time, I knew this was the place for me. I would recommend this place to every one!
4	Really cute shop with friendly workers. They have a lot of options for your nails and actually listen to what you want done. It's a little expensive though, so if you're looking for a cheap gel-manicure, then this is not the place for you. They do 3D designs though, which I favor and appreciate finding a good shop that does these!
1	Sorry to have to say it, but this was probably the worst manicure I have ever had.  First of all, the place was empty and no one was sitting at the front desk even though there were 2 girls working in the salon.  Also, it was a hot summer day, yet I got no offer of water or anything else.  The chairs you sit in are these giant pink lounge chairs with no wheels, so you can't scoot in and out from the table.  Also, the chairs are too deep to sit in comfortably.  As for my manicurist, it seemed like she didn't even know the basics of a manicure, she was blundering through the whole thing.  The polish, a french manicure, took FOREVER and it was a total mess when she was done--the white lines where uneven and different thickness, and I had gel polish all over my fingers (she had to cut my finger skin to remove it).  I spent over an hour there, which is ridiculous, just to get a horrible gel manicure which didn't last a week.  And, the entire time I was there not a single customer came in, what does that tell you?
4	I have to say first of all that my nails do look awesome and I have gotten many compliments on them all day.  The salon was clean and fresh and the girls were very polite to us and very friendly as well.  They took good care of my mom, my daughter, and I when we came into the salon today....and this is why they are getting ****s.  I cannot give *****s though.  When I went to check out, my booked service of a Classic Pedicure ($25.00) and gel manicure ($25.00) with glitter fade and a bow ($5.00 for each/$10.00 extra total), somehow became $75 and that was with a 10% coupon applied!I left without saying anything, which is my responsibility...and I was just going to let it go...but that difference is almost the cost of another complete service!  This salon is new and is growing and I would say my best advice here to prevent this from happening again is to clarify your services and make sure and stay with booked services to keep your clients coming back for more and not leaving with the bad taste of having been overcharged as the first impression.  They have such an awesome salon and have so many awesome things going on and it's just not worth it to have that uncomfortableness going on before, during, or after your appointment.
5	I have finally found my favorite nail salon!  After many years of living in Las Vegas and trying numerous salons for pedi's and mani's, this place wins them all over. Right when you walk in the door you know this place is MUCH better then all the other salons on every corner of this city.  They are very clean and professional.  Plus its super cute inside and smells great! (no chemicals ladies!) I got a full set of gel nails that look great and have gotten many compliments on them.  I plan to go back every 2 weeks to keep my nails looking great!
5	I fell in love with this nail salon. I just got them done today and I can't stop staring at them. I unfortunately didn't catch the name of the wonderful lady who made my nails so pretty but I'm sure she was the owner. She was very kind to my boyfriend and I, and it wasn't the "fake-i-want-your-money" nice, but genuinely kind. I believe it's hard to find her attitude in most salon places. The salon is clean and smells amazing. The price isn't bad at all either. I got a gel manicure with a fade of glitter on the tips for about $35.00. I am super indecisive when it comes to picking colors (I feel like it will be more permanent than it really is) but she was very patient and helped me with some ideas.  She took time on each nail and made them perfect even though it was past the time when they were open. My nails are going to look amazing for the cruise we're going on. ;D  I can't wait to go back! Thank you! ^_^
2	My unchippable gel manicure that I got on Friday is awful and chipped on just about every nail... its Tuesday.
1	This place is crap. My gel manicure peeled off like scotch tape in less than a week... spend your money elsewhere!
5	I've never had so many compliments on my nails! The girls are up to date on modern trends... They sterilize and are ACTUALLY POLITE AND HAVE AMAZING CUSTOMER SERVICE!! How many other nail salons can u say that about?? :) love love love luxy nails :)
4	I came in a few months ago by myself to get a pedi. I heard about the place through yelp and decided to try. It was a nice breath of fresh air to be in a place that didn't stink like product and have the noisy chairs humming. This was my first pedicure without a "spa chair". I will admit that the way they do nails is cleanlier and the chairs are very cool and plush, but it's missing something. I don't know if its the bubbling water, or it's too quiet, or what. I remember my feet being really cold while having the pedicure.All in all, this is a great new biz to try, and there are friendly faces to greet you walk in.
4	I really love this place. Best place I've been to in Vegas seriously!! It's so adorable inside and sanitary! I love the atmosphere and everyone is so nice. Only thing is .. It is too expensive :( I would become a regular and tell everyone I know about it if this wasn't the case.
5	I tried this place for my Gaga nails, not necessarily wanting to drive way out to Polished on Rainbow (and feeling uneasy about that salon in general). I'm so glad that I did because everything was perfect.It took 2.5 hours to get my old gels off and my new gels + jewels on, but it was a comfortable salon so I didn't mind. Shay (Shea? I'm not sure how she spells her name) was a stellar manicurist and I think she will be my gel go-to girl. She was a good conversationalist, which is necessary when you're going to be sitting for 2.5 hours!My gels were done perfectly and the jewel accents were perfect for Lady Gaga. (I'm sure she noticed at the concert. Stop judging me.) The salon is not your typical nail salon with its big armchairs and desks. Far superior to Polished. You can get spur-of-the-moment upgrades here vs. there where you have to have an appointment for every last thing. It's clean, pretty, and feels girly and cute. 10% off with Yelp check-in!
4	This salon has done multiple Yelp events but I never seem to get to try them out. Finally! I was in much need of a mani/pedi...it's been a while. I didn't book an appointment, but they took me in immediately as a walk in. The salon is very posh but not snooty at all. My pedi was first, it was fabulous. I'm a sucker for the ugly massage chairs in most nail salons, so that is my only gripe. But the chair was surprisingly comfortable, the foot massage and hot stone treatment helped me forget about the lack of massage chairs. I really like the clean process they use for soaking your feet, you know your getting a new clean place to put your feet in, now worries about "catching" something. I then got the gel manicure. I'm pretty rough on my hands and nails, so anything that will last a little longer, I'm all for it. I'm not a fan of the chairs at the manicure stations, they're comfy but really heavy, I had a tough time moving it around! Otherwise I had a great mani.The girl  that did my services was really friendly and did such a thorough job, probably one of the best mani/pedi's I've ever gotten. It's a little pricier than I'm use to even with the Yelp check in discount but its worth the splurge every now and then.
5	This place is sooo super cute! Odorless so you don't have the acrylic smell and they do excellent work! I definitely recommend this place.
1	Ok...  So I went here because of the ratings.  I was VERY clear what I wanted.  Just a simple thin gel overlay over my natural nails...  I left looking like I had gotten $20 acrylics from the place in Walmart.  They were bumpy, uneven and generally clumpy.  It took SOOOOOOO long for them done and I was starving so I just said screw it.  Found a new place though.  The Nail Shoppe is so amazing!  ;)
5	This place is amazing! I am a Polished regular, but this place blows them out of the water. Everyone here is super nice and they really pay attention to detail and you don't feel rushed at all. They do an amazing job and the prices are really good. I only paid $35 for everything, where at Polished I usually pay well over $50 for the same thing. They take the time to go over exactly what you want before they sit you down in their cute pink chairs. Anyone who's been to Polished knows about their HUGE gel selection. They don't have quite as many colors here, but I'd still pick Luxy over Polished any day.
5	Heard of this place from my friends, and it's great! Went on a day-date with the girlfriend here and they took care of both of us! Even though I'm a guy they helped me feel comfortable with the process, haha.This place is legit, so boys/girl go ahead and make this your prime choice for nails!
5	i found this place on a whim when my friend was in town last summer and we wanted a spa day.  the owner is so sweet and they do the best nail design.  i got a gradient gel nail design and i got compliments on it for weeks!  they also do a hot stone foot massage with your pedicure!
5	First time I went here was for a Yelp event and I had a blast!  Second time was with my friend from out of town who got a mani-pedi and she loved it.FINALLY, on my third visit (my birthday nonetheless) I got my FIRST EVER pedicure.  Go me.  Eva was totally awesome and responsive - if I wanted to chat she would chat, if I didn't she wouldn't.  It was really nice.  I asked halfway through my pedi if she could fit me in for a basic mani and there were no problems whatsoever.She was extremely nice, attentive, and honest when I asked about certain rhinestones to add to my nails.  I wanted bows and she said they stay a lot better with gels so she recommended getting basic crystals - thanks!  I would have been sad if my bows came off.  =(Today is day 3 I've had my nails done and I'm pretty happy!  They took some fierce abuse over my birthday weekend and held up well for not being a gel mani/pedi.  My rhinestones are on there for the long haul too, which is what I wanted!Calling ahead is a good idea, but you may be able to get your nails done on a whim too.  I just don't like risking it.  =)Prices are great, service is great, atmosphere is great - what more do you want?  Oh, a Yelp check-in for 10% off?  They have that, too.
2	I wanted to like this place, especially after reading all the rave reviews. I went there with my - specifically chose it cos it was odorless. They are not equipped for men's pedicure, just an fyi..my nails came out nice, but it lasted a whole 2 days! My nails last longer than that when I paint them myself. the ladies were nice, the place's very cute, but ultimately the mani/pedi i got was mediocre
5	I took my Gf there and she had very great and satisfying experience at Luxy Nail Salon. Very cute place, and staffs alwyas friendly and welcoming. Her designer, Queena, is friendly, responsible, and professional. She did an amazing job and my gf always get exactly what she ask for. The best nail salon in town. Prices are great, service is great, and decor is unique. Would defiantly recommend this place.TIP: They can do the exact nail style form magzines and pictures, you just have to show them the pictures, or you can bring your own pictures.
5	Got my gel full set yesterday, loved it!!!! Will be back soon for sure!!
4	I intentionaly waited a week and some before writing this update because I wanted to see how my nails will hold up. The first 5 days I took good care of it, but after that I was pretty rough on my nails... and the polish is still on! The polish is still presentable - this exceeded my expectaions.I'm really glad i went back for a do over (thanks Ken!). I'll be back soon :)
5	Love this place! Great deal and beautiful nail designs!!
5	Love this place. Shea is the best!
5	Very well put together salon. One of the nicest one I've been too. Such a pretty layout and design. My nails were pretty and I did a glittery white pedi. It was very pretty and lasted a very long time. I would say 3 weeks + Overall a great experience and i'll stop by again whenever I'm in Vegas. =)
4	The lay out and design here are very pretty!!! It was my first time here and the first time got my gel pedicure, Jenny the nail tech here did a great job, now i got happy feet!!!!! lol!!! and also when you check in on yelp, you get 10% off.....
5	I love this salon!
2	Not sure what all the rave reviews are about. This is nothing special. Of all these reviews, nobody mentions that there are no regular jet tubs for your feet. Makes me wonder if some of these are fabricated. I've never had a pedicure where my feet were placed in a tub (like a bucket). A bit odd. They claim it is for sanitary reasons. On the good side, the young lady was very nice and seemed like she wanted to do a good job. I was just a bit disappointed with the "bucket", and nothing else about it was special. I've been to better salons, with slightly lower prices. I found their prices high for a very unremarkable experience.
5	Great salon, so cute and Jenny is amazing! I'm super picky when it come to my nails and she does exactly what you ask.  This will be my new go to salon.
5	love this lovely place, the decor, the staffs and the whole nine yards! would definitely go back! :-)
5	First time client. I chose Luxy because of the great reviews and it was close to where I live and work. They do not use acrylics which are so harmful to your nails and use gel which is a much better option. Because I've used the Bio Sculpture gel years ago I went with it again. Queena who is the owner was my nail tech and sat with me prior to starting to get a feel for what I was looking for. I explained that I really liked the Tiffany inspired nails that I saw in the photos. She quickly came up with an idea that fit the price I was looking to pay. I had a full set done which takes a bit longer but was expected. My nails came out beautiful and I've already received so many complements!! I will most definitely be back for a fill. Don't forget to check in on yelp and receive 10% off your service.
4	I went here yesterday to squeeze in a nail appointment. I did a couple google searches and this salon came up.I thoroughly enjoyed my experience here. At my old nail salon, it was really loud and filled with chemical smells... This one definitely is not. Right when you walk in you're greeted with a relaxing waterfall tones and purple-pink scenery. I felt so relaxed here and Jenny did an amazing job. She inputs her ideas and suggestions and helps make your nails look awesome.You will definitely see me back here.
5	Let me just point out, that I am rating this 5 stars based on the price and quality.  I found this place on Yelp as I was in town visiting and needed to get my nails done.  It is a cute place with pink and purple decorations/accessories everywhere.  It reminded me of a place that little girls would want to come.  The chairs were big and very comfortable, which I appreciated. For the pedicure your feet are placed in a plastic tub with plastic wrapped around.  It was a different approach, but I did not mind because I knew for sanitary reasons that it was good.  My technician took her time on my feet and did very well.  She massaged my feet and used the smooth black stones for part of the massage.  That is a first for me and I really enjoyed this. The same girl did my hands.  She was very nice and we talked about a variety of things.  She saw me looking at my phone which had Yelp up and she told me that if I checked-in that I would get a coupon.  I thought that was really nice because she did not have to say anything. I got French mani/pedi and a week later, my nails were still intact!  I did not get gel, just regular.  My nails were also very strong for the next couple weeks.  Overall I had a great experience and would recommend this place :-)
5	awesome. I don't live here but I wish I can take this place back with me to Los Angeles. I can't wait to come back so I can get a full mani & pedi. I only had a manicure (no gel) because I called in last minute for a reservation and I got there 40 minutes before they were closing. They were open to giving me a pedicure as well but I didn't want to inconvenience them because I was late coming in and it was a Saturday night. Great service, accommodating & very helpful in picking a good color for my night outing. Overall, excellent.
5	So nice! It's a really clean, comfortable place with great service. My nails have never looked better. They take the time to clean all the edges and create perfect lines at the base of the nail which highlights their attention to detail.  Just a great place to spend some time to relax and be pampered.  I'm only in Vegas for a short time, but I wish this place could come with me when I leave.  The place is inexpensive for the level of quality treatment and service provided.
4	Vey clean place a bit pricy but if you don't mind go there great experience I felt like a princess I got a gel manicure white tips with glitter cost 42 dollars. Good job on my real nails but on my broken nails I asked  for a fake nail over it the lady didn't do so good on those they looked really fat and fake but they blend in well with my other nails. Overall good job!!
4	Super cute decor, a lot of thought and effort was put into this place.  Love it.  It was nice and quiet with a friendly staff.  I had a pleasant experience, much better than the typical nail shop where everyone is yelling across you.
5	Was in town for a few days and found this place by doing a search for "nail art salons" in the Las Vegas area. Nice atmosphere, great nail techs and I love the way my nails turned out. I will definitely come back here on my next trip.
5	A little more expensive than I'm use to but totally worth it ! The salon was calm and quiet, such a nice contrast to most nail salons. And the chairs were so comfortable! My technician Jenny did an amazing job and new exactly what I wanted :) She even gave me some helpful suggestions so my accent nail ended up looking better than what I originally planned on getting. I ended up leaving a little broke but so happy. Will definitely be coming back!
1	I made an appointment, showed up 6min late and there was only 2 ladies working only one customer there. The man at the front desk was very nice but the nail ladies where stuck up and rude when the male at the desk asked if they could still take my appointment. They shook their heads no turned me away!!! I've never felt so embarrassed in my entire life. They lost a good customer because I will never go again. I drove 45 min out there just to get my nails done but wasted my time and gas just to get denied. Sucks for them I usually spend $50 on my nails. Worst nail experience ever!!
5	It's been a week since my appointment, and my intricate gel manicure [with jewels and designs] still looks brand new.  Julie did a great job! I walked in an hour before closing time, and where others might have felt rushed, or maybe even tired [based on a similar experience I had elsewhere], she was extremely nice and accommodating.  She was also very flexible as I changed my mind about the designs I wanted during the process.  The place is thoughtfully decorated, clean, and comfortable.  Staff is diverse and professional.  It's been two years since I moved to Vegas from California, and I'm stoked to have finally found my nail salon!For non-locals staying on the strip: It's a mere 15-minute drive via 215 freeway.  Most places on the strip are over-priced.  You will not find designs or quality like this on the strip! This place is definitely worthwhile if you're looking for more than your average manicure.
5	Very talented lots of great designs a little pricy but the end result is amazing and I will defiantly be back
4	I came here for the first time last weekend with my boyfriend's sister and her 2 little girls for a "girls' day". We thought we'd do something special for their 7th and 10th birthdays so after much research we decided that this was the best choice. The shop was clean, spacious, super cute and girly compared to some other salons that I've been to. We made an appointment about a week before. Upon arriving we were tended to immediately after choosing our colors. Our manicurists were all very sweet and patient with us especially with the girls which was really important  and appreciated considering it was "their day". Never once did we feel rushed while we were there and the ladies really took their time with us. If they were impatient with us at any point, it definitely didn't show.The girls had classic mani and pedis with the gel polish treatment along with 3D nail art. We decided to let them splurge and asked for some nail art and it turned out so well even on their little fingers! All I can say about the nail art is that whatever you see here on Yelp is consistent with you get when you're there! The girls were so ecstatic and in love with their nails even to the point where they kept getting distracted during church the following day because they kept admiring their nails. This was the first time they've ever been to a nail salon to get their nails done and this place definitely exceeded their expectations. As for the adult treatments, both my bf's sister and I got the deluxe mani and pedi with the gel polish. The pedi treatments weresoooo worth the $$$ I paid.  I'm on my feet a lot so it's often cracked and/or dry. The heating pad wrap and massage felt so good I didn't want to take my feet out of the wrap! The ladies did an awesome job with our nails as well. I wanted a fade but since my nails were so short they couldn't do it so they did the next best thing while still giving me what I wanted. My bf's sister loved her polish as well and we both agreed that the ladies were very precise and careful with their work. The only reason why this place is getting 4 out of 5 stars is because the polish/gel on my pinky nails started to lift 2 days after. It's not as noticeable because it's on the side but you can tell that the polish started to lift and separate from my nail. My remaining nails are still fully intact and we're about a week and half in.  The girls' nail art came off 3 days after but in Luxy's defense, they're kids and probably play rough during school.  We were told that Luxy has a 7-day guarantee on their work where they will fix any chippings etc., but since I don't live in the area and was only visiting at the time, I can't really take them up on this offer.  As for the girls' nails, their mom was just too busy to take them back.  Nonetheless, I wouldn't say this is a deal breaker for future visits.  The girls really enjoyed it and that was most important for us that day.
5	It had been a week from last time I had my gel nail done here.  The best one I ever had in the U.S.  Down for a week, even though I didn't take care my nail that well, nothing fell off!!!  Still nice and pretty, and Jenny is the one down my nails, so patients and so nice even though I was late for an hour coz I got lost!   Totally know what she was doing herself, and totally understand what I want, to me that's worth more than 5 stars,  since I went to Vegas for vacation, but next time I definitely will go back there, recommended schedule ahead of the time, each of their girls as their own schedule,  I can not wait until next time.  Recommended to everybody!  All the girls there are awesome!
5	I came to this salon because of all the great reviews on yelp, not only was I impressed with the adorable decor (girly meets Hollywood glamour, so cute!) I became an absolute addict ever since Jenny did my nails. She is the ultimate fashionista's secret weapon.  She knows the latest "it" nail shape,  or a perfect ombre tip, to designs that look cool (not ghetto), to the most delicate crystal encrusted design worthy of a princess or a bride. The best thing is it lasts!!!! Luxy guarantees it for a week,  but for me it usually lasts at the very least 2 weeks.  Sometimes i look through their magazines and pictures to get inspiration, sometimes I just throw ideas out at Jenny, but I always like to defer to her judgement, she's not only incredibly technically talented, but she is also a gifted artist with impeccable taste. If our schedules don't match I rather walk around with unmanicured hands then seeing anyone else. Call ahead Jenny is worth making the time for, you'll be taking nail selfies, shamelessly posting them, and showing everyone you know your latest manicure after you become a Jenny devotee.
5	I made a appointment for a full set and a pedicure after viewing the website. All I can say is WOW!!! If your impressed with the pictures on the website you will be even more impressed in person. My tech was Julie and she is the only tech I will see there even though they are all super talented, she is just my preference. She did a thorough consultation with me before we started and she really listened to what I wanted. My pedicure was super relaxing she did an a perfect slow massage not rushed. After a nice pedicure she then turned everyone of my nails into masterpieces. Tomorrow she will do my nails for my honeymoon but I have no worries because I know she will do amazing work with no damage to my nails. Please go see Julie she is so worth it.
5	I got a nude gel polish done by Chelsea  and it came out perfect. She spent a lot of time perfecting my nails and shaping them. And put enough layers of gel polish for it to look great. Definitely recommend getting nails done here.
3	I came here on an early Friday afternoon and was the only one there. I wasn't sure if they were going to be busy so I made an appointment ahead of time. Luxy is located in Henderson and I live on the opposite side of town so coming over here I was hoping for the ultimate experience. It was my 25th birthday so I decided to go out of my way for the occasion. I had an appointment for a gel manicure and a pedicure. The pedicure was amazing. She really took her time with me to make sure I was comfortable and offered me a choice of tea or water. I received a foot massage with warm stones along with the scrub, nail grooming and polish. I felt pampered and very relaxed, which is how a girl's supposed to feel at a nail salon. My toes looked great and lasted well over a month. My nails however were another story. She painted them a little too far above the start of my nail bed so even though my nails were freshly done, it looked like they had been growing out for about a week. Also the polish started chipping the following week. I think she should've added a clear coat on top for added shine and protection. Loved the color of my nails but for that kind of money I feel like I should've gotten 2.5 to 3 weeks out of them at least before they started chipping. Bet I won't be getting gel mani's anymore! Even though I really loved how pampered I felt and how cute the furniture was, I don't see myself returning to this salon unless a friend really wants to go here. It's too far for me in distance for me to have not been amazed. But I liked it, just wasn't blown away. Happy I was able to use the Yelp discount.
5	I am so satisfied with the service i received here. This was my first time coming and jenny who did a phenomenal job did my nails! I'm super impressed and i am now going  to be a loyal client of heir's. They give you quality work and are super friendly!!! I LOVE MY NAILS! cant wait to go back and get my nails done again. They are amazing!!!!! :)
1	It's been a month or two since my appointment. I feel badly giving one star because my manicurist did an excellent job on my gel manicure.However, I have never felt more embarrassed at a salon in my life.  Almost walked out. Had I not been in a bucket of water. (They don't have regular pedicure chairs) yeah the concept is cute but the bucket was weird.My manicurist made fun of and criticized my feet repeatedly. Made fun of any imperfection. And essentially made me feel disgusting. I refused to let her put lotion on my legs because I had only shaved the day before for fear she was going to comment on them. I have never felt like that at a salonIn the moment I kept it together because it dawned on me that this girl was just really immature and needs to learn how to treat a customer. Hence why I'm writing this now.The concept was cute but I will never come here again. She almost made me cry and made me more insecure about myself. That's not what a salon should be about. Thanks a lot.
5	I have been a customer of Luxy Nail Salon for almost 2 years now, and I have never had my nails look so good and last so long. I always see Jenny, but Julie and Queena are also wonderful. I go about every 3 weeks, and my nails consistently last that long and probably could go even longer if I wanted.The salon is decorated in pinks and purples, and is very neat and clean. It is mainly by appointment only, so for those reviewers that were mad that they were not taken as walk-ins, that is because the techs are usually booked for days in advance. Just make sure to call a few days in advance for an appointment. At least you won't really have to wait then! Because of this, the salon is not noisy or crowded, and you are not rushed through your appointment.They are very current with their designs and can accommodate almost any request, and have tons of great ideas and colors. I am a very happy customer and will always recommend luxy to all of my friends!
4	I purchased a Groupon for a Hot Stone pedicure with ion Detox treatment. Never had a hot stone pedicure or the detox treatment before so I was not sure what to expect. I went into the salon to book my appointment, I was concerned when I looked around inside and did not see the typical massage/pedicure chairs only some purple overstuffed chairs along the wall. Appointment day I did have to wait for my pedicurist to arrive and set up. I found the chairs very comfortable. I am still not sure about the benefits of the detox ion treatment but after 10 minutes the water turned yellow and after 30 minutes it was just gross looking. Now the pedicure was really nice and I didn't miss the massage chair. They use a cushioned calf support which is great for when they exfoliate the bottoms of your feet so you don't have to hold your foot out. I found it refreshing that they only spoke English unlike my former nail salon where the staff would hold conversations in their native language in front of patrons-which I think is rude. My heels are really soft and my nails polish is still on weeks later. I am glad I found this place and will go back.
5	New owners over at Luxy and they are awesome! Aiden is beyond talented. The rest of the staff is just as amazing. I started coming here after moving away from my nail salon off Horizon Ridge & Eastern... New Horizon Nails *which is their sister salon, and quality is A+++* The inside is so cute!
5	Always have a great time here with my daughter! It's perfect for girl time - thank you  Aiden for giving us beautifulNails
4	Went here for the first time and absolutely loved it. I first came in thinking I would go for a regular mani/pedi which would be 35 but changed my mind. I decided on a gel manicure and without glitter it is 35 and 40 with glitter. A gel pedicure would cost me 40 so I decided on a regular pedicure for 25. They took extra time to make sure I was pleased with the outcome and I sure was. The price is a bit on the high end though even with the 10 percent off you get by checking into yelp. For a college student it's definitely not affordable so I will only be coming back for special occasions.
1	Pedicure was ok. Chairs are not comfortable. The manicure is HORRIBLE!!  All my nails are different lengths and the tech didn't even smooth the edges. I will not be back.
5	I got my nails done here so many time, every time I come in, they figure out exactly what I want. I can find any pics online and they do exactly like that for me.
3	I have been here before but now they have new management. I came for an emergency manicure because my trusted spot (CC Nail Down the Street, Holla at Peter!! He's the best) was BOOKED completely. My tech was great and I can see he was skilled. His name is Aidan and he is very polite and good at what he does. However, it was a big turn off to see the place completely messy and the bathroom overwhelmingly dirty and untidy. There were only two techs at the salon and I can see how things get hectic but the other girl, once her client was gone, sat around reading a magazine instead of tidying up the place. I swear to god I was about to go back in the bathroom and pick up stuff from the floor, clean the toilet bowl and wipe down shit from the sink. I almost told Aidan, you need to get a grip on the cleanliness situation because it looks like a bomb was just here. But I didn't... I will, next time, if I go there...
5	I've never had my nail last so long. Every since I started seeing Tony my nails have grown out so much. Great customer service, everyone super friendly and prices are good as well. Wish I would've found this place sooner.
5	Such a cute girly salon! My mom, sister and I felt like princesses. Our nails turned out perfect. Great customer service! We'll never go anywhere else.
5	Best nail experience I've had. Aidan is great at what he does and never fails to amaze me.
5	Where to start where to start.... Lol. I have been seeing Aiden for over a year now and his work is phenomenal, and he never seizes to amaze me. For years and years I have gone through so many nail techs Because their not efficient, rude, and over priced. Aiden is by far the best right now. I always like to give him a little brain teaser by bringing in crazy designs, and though some appointments can be 2 hours his work is amazing and makes it all worth it in the end. Though my nails grow extremely fast I come in every two weeks for my nails and feet.  His gels last a really long time, and he applies them better than anyone else has in the past. I appreciate him significantly because sometimes I work really late and he will sacrifice just to stay later for me. If you need gels done, manis, pedis, Aiden is the guy to go to. You won't be disappointed. Check him out at Luxy Salon or New Horizon Nails.
5	Love this place! Was referred by a friend. I am very particular about my nails and have finally found a place where I leave 100% happy. Very clean and fun atmosphere with tons of colors to chose from. The nail techs are all very talented and friendly.
5	i hadn't been able to get my nails done for over a month due to illness and my feet and hands were pretty ragged with a lot of nails that had broken and looked terrible.  imagine my surprise when i found a nail salon that was open 24/7 and could take me after i got off work at 10 pm.  i called to be sure i read this correctly, and a very pleasant man on the other end said yes, but if you need something done after midnight, you must call and make an appointment before then,there is another salon in vegas that is 24/7 but the reviews were so horrible i didn't want to try them.  i honestly thought i would see a dark, dingy, dirty salon run by some shady characters who were half asleep at luxy.  i couldn't have been more wrong!'i arrived at 10:30 pm saturday night after work and two girls were already getting their nails done, but aiden and tony were still hospitable, offering me water, having me soak my feet while waiting and i am happy to report the bathroom was very clean.  in fact, the whole place was clean, comfortable, well lit and nicely decorated.  tony addressed my concern in a previous review where the main room and bathroom was very dirty, and he assured me this issue was addressed with the worker in question. after the earlier customers left, i got the tony/aiden treatment.  tony did my pedicure while aiden did my fill.  tony's leg massage felt great and he didn't do it in a rush.  i was amazed these guys weren't exhausted.  you'd never know that they had put in so many hours already that day.  they joked, made me laugh many times, gave me some good vegas information about things i asked about, and were always friendly, polite, fun, yet always professional.  i found out we knew several people in common because quite a few of my coworkers go there as well!another lady came in aftermidnight and i listened as she explained something she wanted that was very complicated to tony, and he asked many questions until he was sure he understood her.  i've lived in vegas almost three years and i still haven't found the perfect salon, but i think tonight may change that.  my only complaint is that they are waiting to get plumbing put in for pedicure chairs, so my pedicure was done in a nice big comfy chair, but since i have a bad back, i love the pedi chairs that have a good massage!  tony and aiden said those will be added soon.  in the meantime, during daytime hours, i will try their store in henderson called new horizons, that has massage chairs..some places charge me extra to get rid of my finger cuticles, or for extra work because i have long nails, charge extra after a certain time at night, or try to upsell their services.  this never happened here.I spent a total of $50 before tip for the pedi, fill, and multiple nail fixes which i thought was extremely reasonable considering i left at 12:30 am.i will definitely be back!
5	I ONLY go here and have my nails done by Aiden! I used to get regular acrylics with normal paint, but he suggested gel and I've been in love ever since! I've recommended friends here as well and they love it too.Always 5 stars for this place.
5	Went for the first time today 38 weeks preggo and the chairs were sooo comfy for my pedicure! Love my nails and can't wait to come back to get gel!
4	Went there for the first time today. Called a few minutes early.  Pleased to know that they are open 24 hours. got there at about 750 and was done by 915. Aidan the nail tech there at the time was so kind. I will definitely go there again!
5	Everyone was so friendly!! I am very picky about how my gel nails are done. If the gel doesn't sit evenly on the surface of my nail it will bother me until my next appnt. I expect the nail tech to notice it an fix it before I have to tell them to. All of this was taken care of for the first time! I didn't even need to tell her to fix anything. Very happy for trying out Luxy for the first time! I will definitely continue coming here. They accept last minute appnts just make sure you call of course. Very very cute salon! Very girly and P I N K
1	I have literally never had a worse experience at a nail salon in my life. Although their salon is clean and well kept their customer service was terrible. They have a television on the wall that you can watch while you're getting your nails done. While getting my pedicure the lady who was painting my nails repeatedly turned around (for minutes at a time) to watch show. The show playing was ridiculousness, the annoying one with Rob Dyrdek, which is reason in itself to lower a star or two (does anybody actually like that show??) Anyway, she kept laughing hysterically and extremely loudly and saying "oh my gosh that's f**king crazy!" I KID YOU NOT. I was like is this last really cursing right now?? So unprofessional. I came right when they opened so we were the only ones in the salon at the time but I still felt really awkward and annoyed. It also took substantially longer than expected because she kept turning around to watch the show. Beside the bad customer service, the chairs they do the pedicures in are really uncomfortable (not your typical spa chair) and my polish chipped 2 days later. It wasn't worth going back to have them fix it. I wouldn't recommend this salon to ANYONE. Worst one I've been to in vegas so far.
5	This is a very late review... ... adian  (sp?), the owner, was very nice and accommodating called around 6 pm but due to unforseen events I came in an hour and half late and he still able to accommodate me smilingly :))Tony... oh. Tony! He did an amazing job with my ombre nails. He actually listened to what design and color I wanted and he executed so beautifully and it with such perfectionism. Overall, I was really impressed with the service  i got and the end result. I already told my coworkers to come here and they did and they had the same marvelous experience that i had. another plus, they open 24hrs. So it's very convenient with me since I work nights and sleep during the day. FYI: if ur planning to come after 7pm call first and let them know.
5	I have been coming to Aiden for about 2 months now. I've been to so many mediocre salons and now I'm finally happy. Every time I love my nails and they actually last. I've recommended Aiden to 3 of my friends and all of them love their nails. I've always had gel be too thin or peel off, but never with Aiden. They have a ton of color choices too and you can show him a picture of anything and he can do it. This is the only person I'll let do my nails from now on. Go see Aiden!
5	We love Aiden and Tony. They really know how to accommodate to their customers by being open 24 hours. I got a gel manicure and pedicure and they did a great job! Normally my gels don't seem to last long before peeling but they have been holding up great!! It was a fun time in my late night visit and I can't wait to return again soon. Xoxo
5	Love love love this place. Aiden is an artist. He is such a perfectionist and truly cares about how your nails look. He is so knowledgeable and has definitely taken his time to perfect his craft. I definitely recommend him and his luxury nail salon. You won't be dissapointed!!!!
5	The first contact I had with Luxy salon was about two years ago. They had just opened and they were doing grand opening specials. I was very excited to try it out then, but I had an infection in my nail from another salon. But even then, Queena offered me a free full set to try Luxy. I never made it then (wish I did!) ...Fast forward to this week-- I noticed on Instagram that they are now open 24 hours!! My prayers have been answered!! This is the ONLY salon open 24 hours in the Henderson area! I was thrilled! So, I texted in for an appointment (yes.. they do that too!) and Aiden was able to take me within an hour and a half. I got lucky, but as a courtesy, I will be texting in appointments a few hours in advance whenever possible. Luxy salon is located in a busy strip mall area (Eastern & Serene) that also has a gym, Canyon Falls hair salon, and several other high-traffic businesses. When I arrived at 8:00 PM, the parking lot was still pretty busy from the neighboring gym. Although I am a CCW Holder, Safety is a priority and huge concern of mine. I've only heard of one other 24 hour nail salon in Las Vegas, but it is too far away, and they were featured in the news this month for somebody being shot and killed right outside... So, clearly that was never an option for me.The salon owner Aiden greeted me and asked me what type of nails I wanted to do today. I briefly explained to him something that I saw online that was rather new and uncommon. I was hoping he was up for a challenge. He was game! About an hour and a half later, I left with a brand-new set of glass CLEAR gel glitter tips with the white diamond icicle design, and the full white diamond gel pedicure.That, my friends,  is how you get a lifetime loyal customer! Thank you Aiden and I will see you in two weeks!!
5	I visited Luxy for the first time today and I had a great experience!  The staff was friendly.  Ann was my tech and she did a wonderful job.  She really listened to what I wanted and gave it to me.  I got an acrylic fill and I told her that I would like the layer of acrylic to be thicker than what I had before.  After she did the first nail she had me double check the thickness to make sure I liked it.  I really appreciated that! The look of the salon is really cute and it was a nice, clean environment.  I'll be back!
5	This is the only nail salon I will go to in Vegas. Aidan and Tony do amazing work! They do exactly what you ask them to and They actually interact with you while they do your nails. My roommate and I are regulars here and I have never been disappointed.
5	In seven years of living in Las Vegas, I've found two nail salons I really like. This is one of them. Hands down, the best in town for flexible hours, friendly and personable techs and owner, and beautiful work all at a great price!
5	Luxy is the best,  the owner was so welcoming & accommodating.  He took me as a walk in and I was done in 30 minutes.  The salon is charmingly decorated, the instruments, tools & salon were clean.  They're in the process of expanding & renovating.  It will be beautiful once it is done. I recommend this salon to anyone in Vegas.     And....they do birthday & bridal parties!!!!!!  Come & experience for yourself how great Luxy is.
2	Gel manicure: $35.00, they chipped after four days. Very disappointed.Huge selection of gel colors offered, but they don't actually have all the colors. Picked out three colors that they didn't have.
1	After reading many great reviews about this salon, I was very excited to try it out. The owner, aiden, is dishonest and after experiencing many different salons in the city, I have never encountered this type of experience that would prompt me to need to write a review. When I called for a quote about a full set, I was quoted $25. He convinced me to get the full set with French tips rather than paint on the white tips because it was "the same price anyway". He also did not round off my nails well and they came out very uneven. Also, the place was extremely dirty and dusty.i did not feel comfortable even washing my hands there. I wanted a red line on my nails and he rushed so much that the lines are smeared and uneven. I'm not sure why he wasn't diligent when he didn't have an appointment after me for an hour and a half. The acrilyc on my thumb is bumpy and he put way too much on there. I'm very disappointed in this place because to top off my already poor experience, after, he charged me $37(which I wouldn't have minded had he been honest from the start.) he said it was $25 for a set, $5 for the tips (though he promised me it was no additional charge), and $7 for the poorly shaped and uneven lines. I am so unhappy with my nails that I need to get them redone somewhere else immediately. This man is dishonest and I will never recommend this place to anyone, nor will I ever come back!
5	Super happy with my experience. The guys are very friendly and sweet . And they have so many gel polish colors to choice from. They're are also getting new massage pedicure chairs. Excited to come back and get of their amazing designs..
1	Extremely dirty and will never return.  Nail glue/dirt/dust on every table.  Nail techs come in and out and do not look professional, they just want to get outta here and move on.  Liked the decor but so much clutter.  It's a shame as I've heard great things about this place yet it was a disaster and I should've walked out upon seeing the mess.  Nail tools and supplies can transmit so many germs and this place needs to treat their business like they care.
2	Went in earlier today with a friend after i found this nail salon on yelp. The service was great and the people were friendly for the most part. I got a full set acrylic with gel polish and a 3D bow nail art. I was told that the bow would stay on my nails for a long time when i asked them why they did not use the glue to seal the edges of the bow. I was told that the acrylic would hold the bow in place and it would last for about two weeks. I got them done and they looked absolutely beautiful but one of the bows fell off after just 3 hours when it was supposed to last for a week. Well thats a big waste of my time and money. I will be going to my regular place tomorrow to get my nails fixed. Would not recommend this place for 3D art.
2	When you first walk in it looks like you're about to have a great experience. However I was highly disappointed. First of all they UNSANITIZED tools on me. I was charged for a glitter that I didn't even want AND my gel nail polish chipped the next morning!!! I was not happy to pay $60 for a gel mani and a regular pedicure that didn't even last 24 hours. The one positive thing I can say is that they were extremely friendly.
