5	Our Company gets sandwiches once  a week from this place. They are hands down , one of the best cheese steak sandwiches with "real steak". They load it up, and ingredients are always fresh. Don't end up at subway, quiznos, or any other crappy place in the area. End up here for lunch!
5	Great sandwiches and the spectacular Bobbie eating at Capriotti's is a must! Beautiful baguettes stuffed with fresh meats and toppings what's not to love? Oh and they make it interesting if you text "Caps104" to 25328 by sending you yummy little deals. Cheese-steaks beef or chicken and The Bobbie are my go to sandwiches. I have no doubt the other options are delicious and someday soon I will try something else.  I am very happy to see this brand new Capriotti's in Old Town Scottsdale, and once you have eaten there you will be happy too! Oh yeah this is a combo location; Everything Bagel's is in the same location and they serving homemade bagels and noshes, they are open at 6am M-F and 7am on Sat & Sun so breakfast can be had if you get there too early for a Capriotti's sandwich.
4	It's great to have another option until 3am on the weekends, especially on the south side of Indian School rd. I have been a fan since they opened the location in North Scottsdale. Oddly enough this location also has a bagel shop...
3	I have never been to a Capriottis before...This one is brand new and obviously still working out a few kinks. I decided to go with the Cole Turkey. I ordered a medium, which was a mistake. It was HUGE. I ate that sandwich for two days, next time I'm going with the small size for sure. I had heard that they cook their turkey fresh and they absolutely do. I took a bite of my sandwich and it was real turkey meat, I even got a small bone in one of the first few bites.The coleslaw is a bit flavorless, but OK. I do not think I would order this sandwich again, but i will be back to try their cheesesteak. They deliver within a two mile radius...It's A-OK.
2	I've tried two sandwiches here, both were dry.  That said, I would choose Capriottis over Subway 6 our 10 times.
5	I was sad to see Schlotzky's go away, but I went in to the new place last night with a few friends before going out to the casino. I was hungry, but didn't want to get stuffed, so I went with the small (9 inch) cheese steak sandwich. It had thinly sliced steak with cheese, mixed peppers, onions and mayo. Oh, man! It was delicious, I ate the whole thing in about two minutes. The veggies were great, and the bread was delicious and able to hold everything together without getting too messy. One of the employees let us know that they are open late (3 am) and will have a liquor license by the end of summer. Great news! I will definitely be back for a medium or large sandwich soon.
4	Pickles, Pickles Pickles ! It was only after my 3rd visit that I got  pickle chips on a sandwich and I have to say they were the best Pickle I have yet to try in al my nearly 5 decades here on earth! The Sandwich I had yesterday was weird though tasty, I kinda thought they made a mistake and gave me tuna. It was THE TURKEY,The Turkey meat was in shreds and very wet, that with the pickles, peppers, mustard, mayo and vegies It was a conundrum.I wanted the same sandwich I had a few days prior but I didn't recognize it on the menu, I now know it was THE ITALIAN. This sandwich is so fresh with great meats and fresh toppings it was a winner and I was both Happy and Sad I had to share it with a hungry coworker.My first impression last week on my first visit, I had the CAPISTRAMI, It was highly recommended by the cashier and although I have never wanted ordered a Ruben, I must say the sandwich was a solid 9 out of 10.I love the location of this new Capriotties, It's a very welcome addition of fast casual restaurants that scatter the area I work in. Americas Taco Shop, Qudoba, Paradise Bakery are weak options and I almost would rather go hungry. That problem is solved with Capriotties now in the hood.What needs work are the side options, as of now only chips, I hope they work on that! What doesn't need work is the sandwiches and Ultra helpful, professional, and extra friendly staff.Welcome to Old Town CAPRIOTTIES!!!!! Keep up The Great work!!!!!
2	Had the turkey on wheat bread. Bread was great, where's the shredded turkey? I probably had 3 tablespoons total on my full sandwich. I'll stick with Jimmy Johns everyday of the week.
5	I LURVE the capastrami sandwich. It literally melts in your mouth. The chopped Italian salad and roast beef bleu cheese salad were also stellar. But that capastrami sandwich is still on my mind. Fantastic. I am drawn to it like moth to flame.
4	I love Capriotti's. It really is the best sub chain around!I like how you can taste the good quality, distinctive flavors of each ingerdient.  You can taste bread, and meat and cheese unlike say, Subway, where everything is just Subway flavor.
2	Sandwich was meh. The turkey was unlike any other turkey I'd ever had had on a sandwich. It was as if you took a week old left over DRY thanksgiving turkey and shredded it up and stuffed it on a roll. It was a combo of white and dark meat as well as the bones (I had three bones in my small size sandwich). The chopped hot peppers were good though and by far the best part of the sandwich. Also, the guy ringing up my order was texting during the ring up process. Lastly, my sandwich was given to someone else, she opened it and returned it to the counter. The worker just rewrapped it then called my name and gave it to me. I was in somewhat of a hurry so didn't want to ask them to remake it but still didn't seem very professional. Maybe I would go back and try something different but doubt it. My first experience just wasn't good.
5	The subs here are delicious! I got the firecracker turkey with mayo and regular mustard and it was heaven. Also got a brownie. Sooo good. I don't normally eat subs but this was not your typical sub. Most people like subway and I cannot stand them. Also, employees were all so nice.
5	Capriottis is awesome! They have a great menu that is a great value. I can get a Veggie burger that is delicious done the way I like in ten minutes and the price ...yes believe it its only $4.79. Honestly it is as good as veggie burgers elsewhere in town that are twice that price! If you are a vegetarian this is the lunch place for you you wont be disappointed!
2	I know I'm going to get crap for this but, oh well here goes...Starving, I go out into the vicious sauna that is Scottsdale in monsoon season, seeking food on a Sunday afternoon. After a couple of "closed on Sunday" disappointments, I decided to go slumming at the always-disappointing Schlotskys Deli on Scottsdale. Lo and behold, shiny new Capriottis and Everything Bagel swooped in to save the neighborhood.  Yay... No wait, hold my calls, I'm not done. I walk in and the place is about 85* in the restaurant... Yuck. I walk up to the register to order and asked the very pregnant sweating girl how long ago did they take over Schlotskys.  She rolled her eyes, looked down, and said "2 months, what would you like to order?"  I ordered. Then she asked for my name to tag my order.  I told her my name.  Another giant eye roll and a (fuck it, who cares) shrug. She says "I can't spell".  Because I don't normally care whether my name is spelled or pronounced correctly, even though, on this very rare occasion, I had pronounced it phonetically for her, I just blew it off. But then, right on the cash register screen facing me, was her spelling... "corney".  I laughed. She scoffed... "What?" She says. "I'm just laughing at how you spelled my name." Then she smirks and says "it works." And walked away without even looking at me. OK, kinda snotty.I walk down to where the food comes out, and the young dude making my sandwich is also sweating (no kidding)  and wiping the sweat off with the back of his wrist.  Whatever... it's Scottsdale.The other kid working was on his lunch break. I could tell that by how he blew past me full speed, across the store, clumsily juggling a plastic cup and skidded 3 feet to a stop in front of an available table to eat at, and plopped his ass down. I hope he chose something caffeine free. Look, I know they're young, I know it's hot here, I know other guy is a spaz, I know she's pregnant, I can even surmise that she may not like her job, life, self... None of those things negate the fact that you (said employees) went out and got yourself a job in the food service industry... Serving others, food. Part of service is being polite. Another part is being professional. Where the f are the adults to corral these youngsters and teach them how to represent your business? Shame on you. Oh, the sandwich was fantastic! Thank you, sweaty tall kid.
4	Got together with Ursula D., Jackie C., Mike C., & Robyn N. today to give this Capriotti's a try.  I had only been once, to the one over on 16th St. in Phoenix, and I loved both that restaurant and the "Capastrami" sandwich there, a lot.I found this restaurant a little less appealing, and didn't care as much for the hot "Bobbie" Sub, but with that said it was still very good & I'm likely to return!     :-))12" Bobbie Sub:  $8.39
5	I'm not the biggest sandwich fan, but Capriottis has defnitely opened my eyes to the BEST sandwiches I have ever had at a sandwich shop. The first time I ever tried it was in Las Vegas, so I am happy to see that Capriottis is spreading across the states. I originally got hooked on "The Bobbie," which is Thanksgiving dinner in a roll of bread. At my most recent visit, however, I decided to venture out from my original fav and got the "Slaw-be-Joe." I was not disappointed! It was filled with tender roast beef, provolone cheese, coleslaw, and a mayo dressing. Capriottis beats all the other sandwich shops out there... hands down!
5	Had the Bobbie....OMG. awesome sandwich. Place was clean and staff was great. Can't wait to return.
3	We went by this place and saw a sign that said "Voted America's Best Sandwich" and thought we should check it out.  So here is the good news first: The customer service in this place is AWESOME!  The staff is very knowledgeable about the food and can make recommendations on the spot.  The owner was so friendly and happy to talk to us since it was our first time in the shop.  He joked with us at the end of our meal also when we asked to take the rest home.  A fairly young and hip team who seemed very excited to hand you your order which I found refreshing since I am usually a Subway person.  Now for the not so good news:  We tried the Capastrami sandwich after reading what sounded like an awesome description on the menu board.  Now I like a great pastrami with coleslaw and some sort of dressing, but this thing was SATURATED in mayo.  Between the overly dressed coleslaw and the Russian dressing, it was just too over powering for what was actually really good pastrami.  The bread was really good, so it was sad to have such a drenched sandwich.  Next time I will take the advice of the owner and try their famous "Bobbie Sub" which looks like Thanksgiving dinner on a sub.
5	I've already reviewed the location on Mill Ave in Tempe, however I recently moved and this location is supa close to my house. I love Capriotti's and was so excited that a new location opened up in Old Town a few months ago. The service is always friendly, and everyone seems happy to be there! I've tried every one of the vegetarian selections. My favorite has to be the Veggie Turkey Cole. So, so delicious. Coleslaw and Russian dressing (which I must say is the only time I've had this kind of dressing)? SOLD. The prices are a little more expensive than other chain sub places, however a small is a whopping 9 inches. It's definitely enough to fill you up. The ingredients always taste fresh. I also like how this is connected to an Everything Bagels, although I have yet to try them. As with my last review, I really wish they would get a veggie version of The Bobbie already! Who do I have to talk to for this?
4	I've been to Caps 2 times since they've opened.  Still a little sad that Schlotzskys is no longer.  Anyhow...A little pricey for a sandwich, but its a tasty sandwich.  And their small is 9inches, not like your subway 6inches.  Text "Caps104" to 25328 and you'll receive deals/discounts.  Just last week, I received a text stating it was buy an medium and receive a large sandwich.  Unfortunately, I already had lunch plans or else I would have asked one of my colleagues if they wanted to split a cheese steak.  :)
4	A place that puts turkey, cranberry sauce and dressing (stuffing for non-southerners) on a crusty bun deserves a 4 star or better rating.   Geesus people that's an insane sandwich.  I had lunch here recently with Rand H, Mike C and Robyn B.  Met Jackie C for the1st time.   For lunch,  I stuck with the "more of the middle road" and ordered the Capistrami... Hot pastrami, Swiss cheese, Russian Dressing, and coleslaw.  But instead of having mine on a toasty bun, I had mine with a bit of lettuce in a bowl.  A fantastic bunless sandwich and since this particular sammie is quite the messy one, I'm happy I could eat this one with a fork.For those who love sandwiches, their's come in 9, 12 and 15 in bun sizes.  Uhm yeah... BIG, HUGE and Gigantic.  I'll definitely return to this place.  I may work up the courage to try the Bobbie, but until then, I'm fine with the Capistrami!
3	Semi-Disappointed.  I went here after hearing so much about "The Bobbie."  I got this legendary sandwich and it just wasn't so legendary.  Stuffing, cranberry sauce, and turkey!? Thanksgiving in your mouth right?  ehhh..well the mayo was so overpowering and it was served cold.  Both kinda threw me off.  Of course I can't rank a place on one sandwich and will have to return for more.I mean hey...they are probably the first shop that lists a 12 inch sub on the menu that is actually 12 inches! (huge!)
4	I would give this place 5 stars but a member if staff is just so rude he forced me to rank a star lower. The good : I go here after work most days and am a regular. I always get the vegetarian cheesesteak and a vegetarian turkey. They're always fantastic and I'd recommend it to anyone. The staff at night is great, friendly, funny, and they're all around nice workers . Theyre always experimenting or trying to give suggestions for my sandwiches to change it up. The night staff gets 5 stars.The bad: the first time I went there there was a business woman in front of me ordering, and whom I assume is the manager or owner. (Older man, larger ) was having a ball chatting up and being super friendly. However when it was my turn in line I was greeted with a snobby toned. 'Hello can I help you?' I was very upset by this. I have trouble in social settings , so his 'I don't want to deal with you tone' definitely ruined my mood . One more encounter with him was during a morning time when we ordered a bagel sandwich (which stops being served after 11 as he so rudely stated). We had ordered one about 40 min prior but in the midst of a crowd they forgot to charge us. Once we got home we hopped in our car to go pay. He acted as if we were some punks. All we were trying to do was be honest and pay what they forgot to charge. He needs to work on his people skills. Other than that, I like the food and staff! (Most of them anyways)
2	I was highly disappointed in my visit to Capriotti's this time.  I have been here before and thought it was great.  Today I decided to take an out of state collegue here after I spoke highly of the place.  We got there, and not too many people were there, so we got there just in time.  We ordered our sandwiches. Hers pretty much came out right away, while mine still didn't arrive after 10-15 minutes. I noticed the people that came in after us getting their food.  I decided to check at the counter and make sure they didn't lose my order.  I was told, no, they had a large phone order that came in right before I ordered.  I wasn't sure how this could be accurate considering those after me already received their orders. After 7 more minutes passed my food finally appears and I was told "ooops, they did lose your order".  I open it and the sandwich was obviously thrown together.  it had tomatoes on it, that I specifically requested not to have.  It did not have the mayo and pickles I requested and it was very dry (due to no condiments).  I was embarrassed that I bragged about capriotti's and my guest and I experienced this.  We were also late coming back from lunch because of this ordeal.
4	My mouth salivates every time I think of their pastrami sandwich! Call me a fatty but I don't care. I would eat one everyday if I could! The Russian sauce complemented the already flavorful pastrami & made the sandwich stand out from other pastrami sandwiches I've had. I would definitely come back to this place because the sandwiches are reasonably priced & the service was fast. I can't wait to try their other sandwiches!
2	Decent sandwiches, but what I really like is the fact that they are tied in with Everything Bagel's. However, why is Everything Bagel's always out of salt bagels? Seriously., I stop there at 7:55 in the morning and they're already out of salt bagels? A couple of times they said they didn't even make them that day.One request, if you say you make Salt bagels and you have a bin marked Salt Bagels, MAKE SOME DAMN SALT BAGELS!!!
4	OK - I'm jumping them up to four stars because I stopped in this morning and not only did they have salt bagels, the guy told me that he had hired a new baker and that means he won't have to be there seven days a week anymore. I'm hoping that this means that they will have salt bagels everyday from now on.Also, the new baker did a great job and my salt bagels tasted great!!!
5	I am in love with this sandwich shop. Delicious!!!
3	First time ever at a Capriottis. I had read how good the sandwiches are. I went in and it looked promising.  Excellent location. Great interior: TV's, a chronology of the history of  Capriottis, nicely arranged.  Lots of choices on the board. I ordered a Veggie Cole Turkey, vegetarian turkey with cole slaw. I asked Davianna if the sandwich included onions and she said no. I received my sandwich, nicely wrapped and taped.  Went back to my vehicle and dug in. To my disappointment, not only was the sandwich not vegan turkey, there was no cole slaw and plenty of onions. So I returned and explained, with my receipt, that the order was wrong. To their credit, they apologized, offered me a free upgrade and made me what I wanted originally.After the frustration of feeling that they just didn't pay attention when I ordered, I tried the sandwich and it was excellent.  Cole slaw was perfect and the vegan turkey was tasty.  And no onions this time. :)Without the trouble, I probably would have given it a 4+.  I will definitely try this franchise again.
5	We've been looking for a decent sub place since moving to Scottsdale and haven't had any luck so far. Found Capriotti's via a Yelp search and decided to stop in today. I was hopeful, just by the reviews I'd read. We ordered The Bobbie and the Cole Turkey. Wow! Never experienced any tastes like that before. It was A-M-A-Z-I-N-G! Both sandwiches were outstanding. Absolutely no complaints. Clean establishment, nice and helpful staff. We're most definitely making this a weekly go-to.
2	Okay, so I've now eaten here three times, and have tried two different Sandwiches. I can honestly say that It's generic and bland. Their Cheesesteak needs something to season it, even with hot peppers and onions, its still dull. The Tuna was too fishy tasting, almost like they didn't do anything special with it. Their cookies are dull. This place needs work, I'm not sure how they won best sandwich shop. Avoid this place unless you want to pay too much for food an amateur could make at home.
1	The sandwiches are pretty good but the morons that run this place make it the process of getting a sandwich unbearable.  I called to place a pickup order at 8:40 and the lazy kid on the phone said no more orders cause they were closing. This place needs a manager to come in and clean out the current staff. I'LL NEVER GO THERE AGAIN!
2	There are lots of good options for subs in Scottsdale but this isn't one of them. It has so clear die Hard fans and I read all these great reviews and was eager to try this place. Sadly it does not live up to its reputation. Very little meat on the subs and not great cuts of meat. I would equate the quality of Caprottis to Subway.
5	If you want a very filling and enjoyable sandwich for a great price, try out Capriottis.  The first sandwich I ever tried was a Bobby, which is Thanksgiving in a sandwich.  It was very tasty and filling that I was full after half a sandwich.  You get a mix of turkey, gravy, stuffing, and more goodies.  There are other great hot sandwiches available as well.
5	My wife and her law firm have been eating at the FLW/101 location for quite awhile now and she has been raving about it! I discovered there was this location down the street from my office and have been eating here just about every other day for lunch! Last week our office placed an order for a meeting! The sandwhiches taste the same every time!!!I have ordered the Italian, Turkey and the Bobbie! I usually change things up on my order and not once have i had a bad sandwhich or gotten back to my office with anything but what I ordered. I recently started ordering the cheesesteak, and although my favorite cheesesteaks usually have cheese-wiz, I freaking love their sandwich! I add extra cheese to it and it is amazing tasting. I haven't ordered anything but this sandwich the last 10 visits. Warren is a top notch owner and was actually the person who took my order on todays visit. It is nice to see an owner that is hands on with his company!! You do not come across that very often and when you do, they usually aren't running the register. I will keep eating here and I will recommend this place to anyone that is looking for a good sub, especially if you like turkey!!
5	first off, these subs are packed with goodness. the guys that work there have been cool quick and collect. the place is comfortable to sit down to eat. sign up for their text msg club and receive some decent deals cause it is a bit steep at $8-9 for a 12", but you get worth from it regardless. they have a few salads n sandwiches but i stick to the subs.THE BOBBIE is tops. thanksgiving anytime. CAPASTRAMI is hella good.CHEESESTEAK is for real.GRILLED ITALIAN is delizioso.but, the SLAW-BE-JO is a bit too slaw-be for me.i look forward to trying some other items at the risk of passing up a sub i already crave..so far, so great.
4	I stopped her on the way home from work this weekend.  The sandwiches are interesting.  The one I had was called the Bobi, it was literally like Thanksgiving on a bun.  Food was pretty good. Good location.
4	The subs are great!
5	Food is always good at this Sandwich Shop.  Never had a bad experience yet.  You cant go wrong with a Cheese steak and hot peppers.
5	I grew up in New York and Philadelphia. This place place has some of the best subs I've had. Not just in AZ but anywhere. Everyone who works at the Scottsdale location is very courteous and love going here. 5 star shop!!!
4	My fiance and I are from the east coast and so we have been trying to find somewhere to fill the void of Wawa and the Amorosa's rolls and Capriottis does just this.  He likes the Bobbie (leftover Thanksgiving in a sandwich) and I am in love with the Capastrami.  Deliciousness.  The text message deals don't hurt either :)
5	Those that are my Yelp friends know my addiction to Caps by my check-ins via the Yelp App.  LOL  Haven't tried any other sandwich but the cheese steak.  Why?  Cause the cheese steak is that awesome!  Get it with hot pepper, sweet pepper, and mushrooms ($1 extra for shrooms) - you wont be sorry!!  :)If you haven't signed up for the Caps104 text (Text CAPS104 to 25328), and you are a patron of Caps, well then I shake my head at you!  You're missing out on tasty offers!!  :)
4	Capriotti's seriously has THE BEST sandwiches I have ever tasted! I always switch off between "The Bobbie" and the "Cole Turkey." Both are fantastic! This particular location loads on the ingredients too, so I never feel like I'm getting jipped. The ingredients are always fresh and the sandwiches are huge! Their smalls are about the same size as a large at most sandwich chains. They also use shredded turkey instead of sliced which seemed odd to me at first, but it actually tastes very good!
4	The staff is friendly, fast and efficient.  The food is fresh and made to order.  They often run specials sent via text so join the CAPS104.
4	I'm an east coaster and this place makes some bomb sandwiches.  The one with the turkey cranberries and stuffing remi ds me of the gobbler from Wawa back home.
5	I can't express how happy I am that Capriotties has made it to Scottsdale. I'm totally addicted to this Vegas based sandwich chain, and if there is an opportunity to get the Bobbie outside of Las Vegas, I'm jumping on it. Please go in and try the Bobbie...if the cranberry sauce makes you second guess ordering it, you can always ask for it without cranberry, it's still awesome!
1	I placed an online order to be delivered to our office for a lunch meeting. First they arrived over an hour late. When we called to follow up on the food the person answering the phones was not apologetic and bordering on rude.  When the food finally arrived the order was wrong. They brought a chef salad instead of garden and the person who ordered it is a vegetation so she had to go without lunch. They also brought an extra meatball sub, not sure who that was supposed to be for but I guess that means they had at least two angry customers that day. I honestly feel filling food orders is the easiest job in the world, just double check the bag before it leaves, there's no excuse for this type of mistake. I won't be ordering from them again.
4	Hard to believe places like Subway exist when Capriottis is in town. They got it right from the toppings to the most important part- their amazing bread. Don't miss getting a sandwich here.
5	Great food. Enough variety to make eating here regularly interesting.
5	Goodness all around
5	These guys know how to make a real sub sandwich! Never heard of them until last week, one of my friends brought it up as a lunch idea for after our hike up Camelback. So glad we went! Every component in the sandwich was high quality and just delicious. I had the 9" Italian with everything, plus crushed peppers for a little kick. I only put it down a couple times to clean my face off a little. The bread was delicious; nice and crispy on the outside, light and fluffy on the inside and the ingredients were piled high, just like I like it! With a Subway sandwich you get 70% bread and a little meat, which gets buried under the add-ons. Had no problem finding the meat and cheeses in this one; made up probably 40% of the whole sub! Definitely going to come back for more, whenever possible!
5	These guys are legends in my book. Mike made my sandwich exactly the way I asked and was there with Mikey to greet us at the door. Mikey did a really great job explaining the menu and really made me feel like a part of the family. Mike and Mikey are incredible individuals who did a fantastic job of making us feel welcome and making sure that we had a great time!
2	The four star rating made the difference for me as I tried to decide which of various eateries on the same corner to select for a quick lunch after a meeting in Old Town Scottsdale. Although it was lunch hour, the shop wasn't crowded, so I had high expectations of the food and service. Unfortunately, my order was misplaced, so it took over 20 minutes to get a turkey and tomato sandwich. More importantly, when I received it, it gave the appearance of something hastily thrown together - where's the love? As I waited, the place got busier, so they clearly have a good following and I'll give them a second try sometime - but not soon. There are a lot of choices in Old Town, and service is King - here it was a mere pauper.
1	Absolutely ridiculous. I ordered 40$ worth of food from this location to have delivered. It comes almost 2 hours later. The lady comes in drops it on my desk and walks out. I ordered a medium cheese steak and a small, plus some other side items. I opened my sandwiches and they gave me 2 veggie sandwiches . I call the store that delivered and I was told that they weren't the store that delivered . It must have been the one on Frank Lloyd Wright and the 101. That's ridiculous. I am less then a mile away from the Old Town location. The Old Town Capriottis manager was rude and no help at all. I called the other Capriottis and they apologized and said that they didn't take that order. But they will send out the food for us anyways. But guess what? They never showed up. I will not bring returning as a customer. This is unacceptable and the customer service is terrible . This place probably won't exist in 5 years at this rate.
5	I have enjoyed many sandwich shoppes   across Arizona over my 25 years hear, but this is one of the best. The freshness of the turkey and the vegetables on top of daily fresh baked bread is incredible.
5	The Bobbie...never had a sub quite like it. Hand pulled turkey, stuffing, cranberry sauce...it's a thanksgiving meal in sandwich form. Every ingredient perfectly compliments each other. Never thought the combination could be so delicious!I've also had the Slaw-Be-Jo (roast beef, provolone, russian dressing, cole-slaw)...it hits the spot especially if you're a fan of cole-slaw like me, but it's not as memorable as the Bobbie.  The Bobbie, the one sandwich that rules them all!!!!
1	Seriously, sweep a floor and wipe off a table once in a while. This dining area is disgusting right now. Not a single clean table and crap all over the floor. I understand lunch rush, but it's 3:30 on a Thursday, I'm the only one here. Normally if I walk in and see this big a mess front of house I turn and walk out because I can only imagine what back of house looks like. Sandwich was good and service was friendly but please take a look at your dining area after lunch.
4	The Capastrami was excellent. I will be back to try other selections. If you haven't tried this place you should go there for lunch as soon as possible it was delicious.
4	I was actually surprised at the quality of the sandwiches here...I got the Italian. I've had the Bobbie before (at the Vegas location) Very consistent. Great service. Much better than most chain restaurants...I'm a fan!
2	Meh...not too impressed. This is no east coast sandwich shop. I wouldn't say the food is bad, but I'd go elsewhere if I wanted a real grinder.
5	Ok... Where to begin... I tried the Bobbie. They tout this as voted best sandwich in America. I was very apprehensive about ordering it as I am not a fan of pooberries (cranberries).Freaking delicious. It's like having a thanksgiving party in my mouth. It's happening right now.. I'm chewing and typing.... There is a festival in that sandwich and I recommend it to any and all. Turkey freshly roasted everyday. That makes the biggest difference. Wow... I'm still eating and loving it.Enjoy...
1	When I got my sandwich is was very poorly made and everything was falling out of it. After a few bites I pulled a hair out of it. I ignored it and continued to eat the other half of the sandwich. I pulled 2 more hairs out of the other half so I decided to take the sandwich back. When I explained the situation, the employees were very nice and offered to make me a new sandwich. While I was waiting the owner or manager named Michael confronted me and was very rude and aggressive. He implied that I was lying about the hairs and asked me to show him the hairs. Obviously I didn't keep them. So he rolled his eyes at me and gave me very dirty looks until I left. Apart from the friendly employees this place is not worth going to. The food is just ok and if you have any complaints expect to be verbally attacked.
3	The chicken cheese steak is usually what I will order here and it is always a solid, safe choice. The medium is about 9 bucks, but should be enough for two meals. They do use real chicken breast and onions and peppers are free additions. There was no combo deal available, but it was only a buck for a bag of chips. Longtime complaint about Cap's is that the famous turkey is white and dark meat. How tough would it be to just pull white meat and serve it to those picky customers like me. Big mistake on this chain's part, but it does save them a bunch of cash. Maybe I can get the stuffing and cranberry on the Cheesesteak instead, but will not eat turkey here unless that policy ever changes.
2	Went in this morning at 7:30 as I usually do for bagels. When this place does things right, they have very very good bagels. Unfortunately all too frequently the last few months they don't get it right. SEVEN bagels in the fresh rack. I bought three "fresh" bagels and one bag of day old bagels (only two bags were on the shelf). Now I am not a bagel snob but I do know what a fresh bagel is, and what I was sold as fresh was not. The clerk told me he had arrived late and there would be no more bagels for quite some time because the ovens had to be heated. I asked him to please slice my bag of six day old bagels, and he said that he could not because "day old bagels are too tough to slice". I discovered when I got home that my "fresh bagels" were not fresh, they were just as wrinkly and moist as the day old ones. Here is what I believe happened:  kid gets in late, has no time to boil and bake bagels, so he stocks the racks with the day old  bagels.   Also there was a large hole in the day old bag. This experience was bad on so many levels that the owner needs to know.
3	I was driving around looking for a parking spot for Jimmy Johns when I realized I was parked right in front of Capriottis. "Voted greatest sandwich in America"? Hell yes, I'm in! Ordered the Capastrami, medium with chips and a drink. $12 and change. I could literally hear my wallet mumble something about being America's greatest this or that but I paid it no mind. The sub was fairly large in stature but slim in flavor. Maybe it's because I'm from the East Coast and know what pastrami is supposed to taste like or maybe it's just because I like my food seasoned. .. I dunno but I think this time my wallet was right. The food was a bit pricy for what you get. Next time I'm walking the extra 50 feet and going to JJ's.
1	The sandwich I got was okay but I had a bizarre experience. I had met up with my dad here for lunch. They called me within 10 minutes after leaving to let me know that my father left his phone at the deli, which was nice of them. I picked it up and I gave them my number so that my dad could reach me if he came to the deli to get his phone. My father was given a completely wrong number and they wouldn't let him use their phone to call me. He eventually meet up with me at my house and that's when we pulled it out of the case and noticed it had a completely broken screen and would not turn on.. Not a happy customer.
5	The grilled Italian cannot be beat. Like seriously. Take a group of people who don't want sandwiches and open one of these bad boys up in front of em.... boom! Suddenly everyone is ordering sandwiches. Like magic.
1	In Old Town Scottsdale and want to be treated like crap while sitting at a dirty table wobbling above a filthy floor? This is the place for you. Rudest staff I've experienced in a long time,  especially to get a meh sandwich. Get in your car and drive to The Side Door. Or eat at the tattoo shop next door.
1	Horrible Management! GM will not take responsibility for his own mistakes is very rude when spoken to. He will completely ignore and interrupt you, if you try to speak to him. VERY Unprofessional!!! I was so offended by the GM's attitude that I will never go back or recommend this location until he has been fired or just gone!
5	This place is ah-mazing! I had the regular turkey sandwich and added cole-slaw. The turkey!? Well it's better than your mamas thanksgiving turkey-it's darn good. I'll be frequenting this place from now on!
3	We decided to try Capriotti's and eat outside so hubby ordered for us. He loved the chicken cheese steak sandwich which was loaded with meat. I had the meatball sub which was too bready (meaning the bread overwhelmed the meatballs). It was great that they offered 3 different size sandwiches, and the place is clean and nice.
