5	Breakfast perfection! Everything was spot-on perfect....Worth the wait (and there always is a wait)...Fresh ingredients, made-from-scratch delish breakfast is THE BEST BREAKFAST in  metro Phoenix....
3	APOLOGIES TO ANYONE WHO WENT BASED ON THIS OLD REVIEW. SEE MY UPDATE, SAD TO SAY THEIR NEW PLACE IS NOT SO GREAT!This is a unique experience. They use FRESH LOCAL ingredients, and their food is cooked and served home-style. They are always busy, & it's an outdoor wait, the inside is quaint, like an old house turned diner. They don't have a public bathroom, but you can use the business to do your business next door. The prices are reasonable considering they are using all fresh locally grown food. they're lemonade & OJ are great! I don't think the experience is for everyone, not catering to chic metro downtown crowd, more like a real charming favorite watering hole in the wall, with good home cooked good for you food. Their special changes depending on what they can get fresh. If you're concerned about the quality of food & quantity, this is for you. If you're entertaining a more cosmopolitan chic crowd, not so much!
4	I'm not sure what Moar O. is talking about. Their waffle is NOT standard stuff you could get at any hotel. I had two friends visit me from out of town, so I took them here. They loved the waffle and bacon so much that they insisted we come back again two days later. What I like to do is go here with someone who likes to share. One person orders the special for the day (usually an omelet of some sort with side of home fries) and I order the waffle and bacon and we split them both. Otherwise, if you eat the waffle by yourself, you will die (or just feel really sick because of all the butter and syrupy deliciousness).Also, servers and other staff are always VERY friendly. Waiting is a drag, but it's to be expected so you just deal with it.
4	I have had a love/hate relationship with Matt's, but in the past couple of months since they changed locations it has definitely been on the love side! I have gone to the new location a couple times and I think I have figured out the 'secret' to eating here. I live about 3 blocks away from Matt's so when I want to go I get up super early and arrive no later than 7:30. This generally ensures that I do not have to wait. Then, I order either the griddle cakes or the waffle, with the waffle being the better choice. The waffle is light, yet obviously bad for you because it tastes sooo good. Unlike the griddle cakes, the portion isn't crazy over the top and it comes with bacon which I like to tear into small pieces and put a piece in each of the little waffle pockets (or indentations or whatever those things are called). This plus the real maple syrup and butter is a sick....deliciously sick....combo. The griddle cakes are still awesome...like I said before, they taste like pancakes your grandma would make if your grandma was a really awesome cook. Also, the coffee no longer tastes like metal, it is, in fact, quite enjoyable. All in all, this place is good, especially when you don't have to wait.
5	New Location with way more space, they have a prep kitchen seating available via reservation if you have parties greater than 5.
4	Tuesday morning no wait!! Food was stellar, small menu, simple and good, price was a little rough thirty five bones for two... But worth it for triple D,spot.
4	I heard this place was on one of the Food Network shows and I was expecting a busy place that doesn't live up to the hype - not the case at all.  I got there shortly after they opened, I think it was around 6:30 in the morning, walked over from the Sheraton, sat at the counter, friendly service, delicious breakfast.  Locally sourced good quality ingredients make simple foods very good.  I had the special, some sort of egg scramble with local sausage and jalapenos - yum!!
5	We were in town visiting our daughter attending college in Phoenix. This place is AWESOME, I mean the best place for breakfast I ever had. I scored the food, service, establishment, and management at the highest possible rating of 5, but they deserve a ten. This place is a rare find....
4	Have also review this place under it's former address just down the street - but have only eaten at this particular location.Went in for lunch last Tuesday but got breakfast. Still was pretty busy but managed to get a parking spot in their tiny lot behind rather than pay a metre. Inside, we were almost immediately offered the bar area but, after sitting, found the seats are polished steel and I kept sliding off. They are not made for larger customers and some cushions with traction would not go amiss. So, we waited an extra 10 minutes for a table.Got a large Belgian-style waffle with butter and syrup and the daily special lemonaide (strawberry honey). The lemonade was tasty and the waffle was delicious, but honestly a little costly for the amount of food. I definitely should have gone with the omelette - which is the same price but you get a huge omelette and a side of bacon and home fries! The waffle - which also comes with excellent thick-cut sliced bacon - definitely needs to come with a side of potatoes. A side of potatoes ordered on it's own is over $2.However, service is super friendly and attentive. Still recommend this place but if you're hungry, skip the waffle and get something more generous!
4	Checked out the new location which is much nicer and roomier than the old one. I loved everything again and their homemade jams from scratch is the most amazing thing ever! Initially I gave them 5 stars but I decided on 4 this time because almost their entire menu has nothing but pork! Come on, not everyone eats pork! :(
5	Cool Spot. I arrived in Arizona that morning and my dad said we had to try this Triple D (the food network) rated spot. Good thing we went when we did we waited about 10 minutes, but when we left the wait seemed to be 30+!Anyway, the service was very good, my dad started asking the waitress questions and this is usually when I get a little embarrassed, however she knew her shit and my dad liked her responses.Home made juice was great, coffee was good hot and strong.The food here is VERY BASIC, but they use the best possible ingredients.The bread for example that came with my omelet was artisan shit, so good with nuts and seeds....mmmmmmm and the jam although may not have been homemade it was the expensive stuff :)I will definitly be back if I am ever in the hood!
5	The best breakfast I have had in Phoenix. Hands down. All natural, real butter, Maple syrup!  The pancakes were soooo delicious. They come out buttered with a little jar of maple syrup to pour over them. I thought the syrup was not going to be enough to satisfy my need of having to eat pancakes smothered in syrup, but TRUST when I say these pancakes were so good that they did not need to be smothered. Also had an omelette with bacon, sausage and peppers with a side of home fries. Yes, it was as delicious as it sounds. I love food and Matt's did not disappoint. Portions were large, expect to take home leftovers unless you arrive with a hungry man appetite :) the only bad thing I can comment on is the wait. If you do not show up bright and early, expect to wait at least 30 minutes. But once you are in you will realize the food was worth the wait :)
4	I have lived within 200 meters of this fine establishment for two months and I finally ventured there today.  Why did I wait so long?I have to admit, I was unimpressed with the petite breakfast menu.  I am used to pages of breakfast options.  1 page for eggs, 1 page for scrabbles etc.  Well Matt's has 1 page (period).  What they lack in options they more than make up in quality.  They are not a jack of all breakfast trades, they are masters of a few.  I started my first foray with a simple two eggs, sausage, hash browns and toast.  Potatoes were actually browned to a wonderful golden brown.  The cinnamon raisin, walnut toast was thick and great.  the home made country sausage links were a nice blend of spice and subtle sweetness.  Ok, my eggs were a bit runny they were more over easy than the over medium that I wanted, also a bit cold.  But I survived.I sat at the counter and the young lady that served me there was wonderful.  She really added value as a friendly attentive server.  I tried to see if she had a name tag so I could specifically mention her, but I never saw one.I will return with friends and family soon.Side note- I was a bit disappointed to find they do not open until 6:30am.  I got there at 6:00am.  I can also tell you that on a Saturday morning, they were already full and had people queuing up for tables by 6:55 AM.
5	Love their Belgium waffles!
5	Matt's has become what some may say is an addiction of mine. I prefer "hobby". But Matt's did make it into our wedding vows. (True story.) You see, since I first tasted the glory of the Five Spot, I've basically made it a point to get one on every available weekend day. So my wife thought it wise to pledge support publicly in front of friends and family for my perhaps less-than-healthy "hobby".The wife works a lot of weekends, and I've found out that the Five Spot can travel the 10 minutes or so to my home largely intact. A perfectly balanced combination of spot-on eggs, melted cheese, grilled onions, and THE best bacon possible makes this the absolute best egg sandwich I've ever had. Every ingredient is so delightfully high quality that the sandwich shines, bursting forth with flavor and cholesterol and existential angst. (Or, as some might call it, "maple syrup that I dip it in".) Make sure you order a side of home fries. They're specifically not included with the sandwich which is "how they get ya", but I can't go without. Crisp, delicious potatoes served with a few sprigs of rosemary and... also dipped in syrup. I had over 140 check-ins to Matt's before they moved and Yelp created a new profile for them. Every single one of them? A Five Spot with Home Fries. I'm pretty sure if you ordered a "Chris", that's what you'd get at this point. Their waffles are amazing too, along with basically everything else on the menu. Absolutely perfectly fluffy, flavorful, and delicious, from what I've stolen off the wife's plate. And Erenia and the rest of the staff are as kind and amazing as can be.The wait is rough, there's no doubt about that. But whereas most breakfast places slog along with watery eggs, sub-par, see-through bacon, horrible, waxy cheese, and no twists or turns, Matt's gets it perfectly right every time. Or at least all 140 times and counting.
4	We tried to get to breakfast here 3 times, and this last week we finally got in.  Matt's has moved to a bigger location, and the old location will be for take out.  The pork chop was delicious, along with the eggs, potatoes, bread and homemade jam.  However there is always a wait.  I guess I can compare this to Martannes in Flagstaff.  They have both been written up in A Z Highways.  We were in the area for 2 nights and ate breakfast at Matt's both mornings.
5	Wonderful place for breakfast, recommended as a must by Sheraton, and they were not wrong! I travel extensively and this is as good as it gets......great food, excellent service, wonderful teamwork by entire staff. Every dish ordered was unique and surprisingly good. Only complaint was the wait, but it is definitely worth the wait.
2	WOOOOOOOOWWWWWW!!! I FEEL LIKE I'M TAKING CRAZY PILLS!!! What are all of these people doing giving such high reviews??? Once a month, I meet up with my ladies. But after one of our foursome flaked, it was me and another femme with our name on the list for 3.  (We were waiting for drunky who probably slept in).  We went to the brand-spankin' new location which is apparently huge with a whopping 9 whole tables!!! (It could be more, but I am not exaggerating, I can only remember 9) We waited for 20 minutes in the waiting area, and our friend was still not there (suspected hangover) but they called our names and we were seated.  Our lovely young male waiter came along and we ordered drinks and told him our friend would be along at any minute.  He said no worries and would be back with our beverages.  Let me start off by saying I NEVER go to breakfast joints because I do not eat eggs.  No I'm not a vegetarian or vegan, I just hate the idea of eating a fetus.  That's all.  Unfortunately that left me with one or two options with the VERY egg heavy menu... A Waffle meal, a side order of sausage or juice.  Bring on the waffles!!!! We wait, and wait, and wait for our slacker friend for ten minutes. During the ten minutes waiting for our friend, it began to get PACKED at the front door with foodies glaring at our horrible twosome, for taking a four-top. HOW DARE WE!!!!! Don't blame us for where the hostess seated us?  After 10 minutes, the hostess walks over and asks us what the hold up is. ????? I'm sorry are we not shoveling down your "BIG BREAKFAST'S" fast enough for you?!  We politely stated, that our friend was going to be there any minute (she was, she was texting us that she was down the street). THEN THE HOSTESS SAYS (verbatim): "I'm sorry we're not supposed to seat parties until everyone is here. You're going to have to order right now."???Appalled, and not willing to fight, I say: "Okay, well I guess we were both getting the waffles and Britney will order when she gets here". THE HOSTES REPLIES: "Unfortunately I'm going to have to ask you to order for her, or we wont be able to accommodate an order for your friend."I giggled thinking she was joking.  She stared blankly at me...WHAT??????????????So you're telling me, that we gave you our name and our party number, 3.  You saw two of us even though your little notebook clearly said 3.  You sat us at a large table leaving the masticating buzzard hoard to wish us dead. We've been here for ten minutes when most brunch places expect you to wait at LEAST 10 minutes before ordering.  We cannot enjoy our drinks or reading the menu without feeling harassed. We have to order before our friend OR ELSE. THEN YOU TELL ME, that you will not serve a paying customer because she will order 5 minutes after us???? That's a joke right??? No joke.  (I smiled while all of this was being screamed at the hostess from my angry brain)I tried to text Brit, but as she was parking she didn't get back to me quickly enough so we decided to order 3 Waffle breakfasts and hope Brit wasn't allergic to anything in the meal???Luckily the second the food came out she was there and she enjoyed her waffles.  I with a bad taste in my mouth from that did not enjoy anything after that experience.  Separate and apart from the hostess being a B, the waffles were decent, but not 4.5 stars decent. I would give a solid 3 for those.Our waiter was clearly embarrassed that we were being blamed for the hostess's mistake and told us that we should take our time and enjoy our breakfast. I wish I had gotten his name because he was the only redeeming factor for this place and why it is getting 2 stars instead of one.  He is white, skinny, 20-something and really chill and relaxed. Nice guy.  I will not be returning and will find another breakfast place just as good in Phoenix, like I have all over the valley.  Plus, with more egg-less options as well!  This place has Pizzeria Bianco syndrome where they think their food is heaven sent and give you garbage service because you should be thankful they even gave you the right to eat there.  No thank you.  The bill was appropriate, not exorbitant.  But if I want to be harassed while I eat my breakfast I'll eat with my parents. Thanks but no thanks Matt, I wish ye well. But perhaps with a better hostess.
2	I have been waiting to try Matt's Big Breakfast after seeing it on Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives. However, for all the wait, including the hour wait outside the restaurant, it was a "meh" kinda place. The waitress in front was great with remembering the parties in line, and keeping you updated so we didn't have to be that annoying couple that keeps looking at her and her list to see how many people in front before us. Once seated, the busboy brought out 2 plates, one which had old crusty food on it. I asked if I could have another plate because it was dirty, showed him, and then he used his finger nail to pick it off in front of us! Then handed the plate back down. Alright I get this is a diner, but still....your finger nails are not clean! and watching you pick off the food does not make me feel any better. I think he realized his disgusting behavior because after that he asked if I wanted another plate. It's fine I said, just praying I don't get gastrointestinal issues from it!For breakfast, we shared the five spot, and the pancakes with a side of his famous hashbrowns. The portions are large, but the food was average. The five spot breakfast sandwich was tasty, with thick slices of bacon. But it was okay, nothing to wait an hour for. The hashbrowns were mushy consistency, not the crusty deliciousness Guy made it seem like. And the pancakes were good but again just average.
5	My first visit to the new bigger location and I was shocked to still have to wait for 30 min on a Wednesday am. I think it was mostly spring training tourists. Anyway, I finally got a seat at the bar and once again enjoyed my favorite breakfast in the world. I can't explain how Matt makes a simple breakfast so remarkable - I'm just glad he does. BTW the new location is only 100 yards north of the old one. Try the bacon! the fresh OJ is to die for, and the hash browns are potato perfection.
4	Came to town for some training and wanted to try this place out. Not just because it was on Triple D but it got great reviews on Yelp too. I had The Five Spot with a side of homefries. The food was excellent, has to be the best breakfast sammich ever. The homefries are really good too, but the sammich was the best. Definitely worth checking out. I went on a Monday around 1 pm and the place was pretty full, but no wait. Its good enough to wait for though.
5	fresh food!!! great service!!! worth the wait!
5	This has to be one of thee best breakfast spots in Metro Phoenix!  The service and the quality of food at the price point is out of this world!  Make this place somewhere you regular hit for breakfast.
3	Yes, the food is fresh and tasty and fairly priced and locally owned, woo hoo!But is it worth two hours on a Monday morning to get a place for 3 people to sit? No. Not ever.So even though I won't fight to get a table there again, I can say that my omelette was hot and tasty, the rosemary potatoes savory and filling, and the toast thick and...toasty. I like my coffee a little stronger, but hey, I recognise that many people don't, so no points lost there.Because even though they have real butter and syrup, the whole reason I go out to breakfast because I want the time-saving convenience of having someone do everything for me. In that amount of time, I could have done the shopping, made the food, and cleaned it up, and I would have used real butter, too!
5	LOVE the new location. It is always delicious, but the new building is much more spacious and can move a lot more customers. It still has the same vibe as the old place, just bigger!
3	Orange juice is damn good. it's really good. I would argue perhaps the best thing on the menu. Omlette was good, but not the best I've had. It was a little on the soft side and wouldn't have hurt to use a little more cheese. I had to be liberal with the salt and pepper. The toast was cut very thick. One of the highlights was the fresh homemade jam, but you really had to slather it on heavy to have the flavor balance out how thick the toast was with each bite. I would have preferred thinner slices.As compared to other places I've eaten with "big" breakfasts, this "big" isn't really that big. It's actually quite manageable, which I appreciate and would return for. The new space is beautiful - very old meets new industrial diner feeling. Love the giant wall board in the back creating a hallway to the bathroom.No wait when we went, which was definitely nice. Seems like a really family friendly joint.
5	Since moving across the country, I have yet to find a place that even remotely compares to Matt's.  Reasonable prices and delicious specials - the wait is totally worth it.  They could tell me I'd be outside for 3 hours (okay, it's never THAT long) and I'd probably have done it.  The best trick is to put your name on the list and check on the market on Saturday and then come back.  Food is delicious and the orange juice is amazing.  Minimum wait time is usually 15-30 minutes on a good day... but if you want to make your day good, you'll go despite the wait!
2	The breakfast was just okay. It was expensive for the daily special, and the potatoes that the waitress recommended were not fully cooked and a little under done. I would not probably return or recommend.
5	Great place for breakfast, get there early! We sat at the bar and had a quickly served delicious meal. Fresh orange juice rounded out the home fries, eggs and pan seared chop just like on DDD!
5	The wait was a bit long but definetly worth it! On a sunday morning at 830 the wait was just under 15 mins for two. Once seated at the bar area the menus were provided...very simple one page menu but dont be put off - the items they make they make very well and in generous portions. We both ordered the chic and hog with ham (dollar extra but worth it). The hashbrowns were a bit undercooked but still delicious...the home fries came with sauteed onions. The toast is awesome...very thick slices and comes with jam and butter! The coffee was nice and strong - much appreciated on this sunday morning with bottomless refills. Overall an amazing find...very affordable as well.
5	Just go. I don't know where to begin. It was all so good!
5	I went to Matt's Big Breakfast with my mother-in-law a few days ago and had a great experience.It seems like everyone on this thread is already raving about this place, so I guess I'm just going to add more to it!Yes, it's busy. So be prepared to wait for a table. Wife, her mom, and I waited for about half an hour for a table. But that was okay. It's very simple, clean inside the restaurant. Their food portions were big and plenty. Their country potatoes are stellar and so is their bacon. Eggs are eggs anywhere. It seems a lot of people liked the orange juice here, but I didn't try it. Their coffee was great though! The server was very nice. But when we asked her about a few of the entrees, she wasn't very helpful because she said she didn't eat meat. I think that's part of the reason I chose a more traditional breakfast. Eggs, bacon, potatoes and toast. It was good though!
2	Noisy.Limited menu.Controlled chaotic restaurant environment.Took forever to get a table, so we left.Went to the Breakfast Club in Scottsdale.  Nice location, seating outdoors, and food that rivals Matt's.No longer have any reason or desire to go back to Matt's.
5	Oh my...oh my gosh!! I love breakfast, and this place is at the top three for my favorite spots. So I kind of eat like a dude, I'm not going to lie! This place happens to be one of the few restaurants that fills me up! It might be their amazing fresh potatoes, I swear to you they put some magical unknown ingredient in their potatoes and hash browns. Or maybe it's their daily egg scramble specials that just happen to ALWAYS be amazing. No, no...I'd say it's their fresh bread with their homemade jelly. Okay...let's be real here, it's their BACON!!! I love bacon and they make it absolutely heavenly.Another thing to try are their pancakes. They might just be the best pancakes I have ever had. Simple buttermilk pancakes, nothing added...they are to die for. Try them, you'll keep kicking yourself in the butt if you don't!Oh, there will be a wait...BUT IT'S SOOOOO WORTH IT!
4	Yum! Very much enjoyed my breakfast!The family and I stopped in before an appointment down town during the week, perfect time because there wasn't a wait at all, even for 6 of us. We got to sit at the cute table in what looked like their front area that doubles as a prep kitchen. We did have to wait a few minutes to get drinks, seemed to be last on the waitresses priority list. Over all service wasn't stellar, but the food was great so I didn't mind much. My brother did enjoy his strawberry lemonade tremendously, if I am correct it is house made lemonade and homemade strawberry preserves added. Looked yummy!I got a traditional 2 eggs over medium (made perfectly! just runny enough with no snot on the whites), hash-browns and bacon. The bacon is awesome! thick cut and peppery!  A few others got their special that day, eggs and churrizo and a tortilla, wow so good! Not too spicy and tons of flavor!Matt's is pretty darn good!
5	One of the best breakfasts I've ever had. They say on their menu that they try to buy local, and fresh and make straightforward dishes, and it definitely is a winning combination. Service is a bit chaotic (they use a bit of a team approach), but attentive and effective. The place is also a great value; they serve a lot of food for the price.
4	Breakfast was awesome. Fresh, fast, and tasty. And coming from San Francisco - this meal was a steal. We came for breakfast on Tuesday and was seated without a wait and food arrived quickly. We ordered the special scramble - grilled pork tenderloin scramble - and the waffle with bacon. The scramble was huge and the hash browns that came with it were so delicious, as everyone else has described. The waffle was light and heavenly! The bacon was seriously thick-cut and a perfect complement. The staff was super friendly and attentive.This was definitely a highlight of our trip.
5	Best Breakfast ever!!!!! Try the pancakes or "griddlecakes"- they won't fail! Sweet and tasty!!
3	People have been raving about this place to me for the past five years.  I finally made it.  I could smell fresh  hashbrowns and pancakes cooking in the parking lot.  The pancakes were great, the hashbrowns were made to perfections.  The food is wholesome for the most part.  I ordered the special which was sausage and spinach.  The eggs were too buttery and watered down.  This was probably do to the fact the spinach was cooked down with too much fluids.  Instead of flipping the eggs so they were fluffy it appeared as the cooked took the end of the spatula and chopped the eggs.  Big mistake.  Orange juice was nice and fresh.  Overall is was not a bad meal but not the hype people made it up to be.  I met the owner who was very very nice.  She seemed to know how her food was cooked.  I just wish she looked at my plate before it went out.  The wait staff was not overly friendly and seemed a little blah for being a Monday morning.  Over all it was ok but not worth waiting in a long line like they normally have.  There are plenty of other places who will do a mediocre job and have better waitstaff.
1	After reading the reviews, I had to try it and All I can say is Really? 45 minute wait, limited menu (not too healthy either).  The hashbrowns were burned on the outside and undercooked on the inside, eggs were a little runny for my taste, toast was cold and the bacon was burned.  Would not recommend
4	They say when traveling, go where the locals go and this a nice gem. A little hole in the wall place but with all the people outside waiting to get in, you know it has to be good.  They even make homemade jam for their toast! Nice place.
4	The Home Fries are to die for!  No...the Chipotle Sausage is to die for!!!  Forget it...I died and went to breakfast heaven!You can tell the place is worth the try, by the lines and the fact that people are more than willing to wait.Nice local experience, worth the trip.I would definitely go back!Oh yea, they said goodbye to me by my first name...awww, they remembered (nice personal touch!)
4	Delish!! I went here with a friend a few weeks ago on a Sunday. We were expecting a huge wait but luckily we just beat the Sunday church rush. The menu is simple, but it definitely works. The waffle was amazing! I personally hate bacon, but even that looked delicious. It isn't just another breakfast chain down the street, it is really about quality food. I will definitely be back :)
5	Oh, my god!!No, I've never experienced breakfast nirvana before, but I know it when I feel it.Thursdays are Eggs Benedict days.  GO there.  Eat it.  I have never loved this dish before and now may never love it again having sampled Matt's oeuvre.My countermate recommended the bacon highly.  While bacon with EB is overkill, I must say that, having ordered it, I was entirely satisfied.  It was firm, thick and peppery - Bacon so good that I will be hunting for slab bacon to hand slice and pepper to copy it.To top this slavishly positive review, even the coffee was excellent.  Though my bill for breakfast was nearly $20, I didn't feel cheated in the least.  It was splendid.Oh, and did I mention the home fries...?
5	Great fresh food. Have been there dozen times or so wait can be long but its worth the wait.
5	Best Breakfast I've had at lunch time in several years.  Service is friendly and attentive only surpassed by the food!  Restaurant was clean, kitchen staff was well groomed and I highly recommend if you are in the neighborhood or looking to take a drive.
5	I have gone to Matt's for lunch several times as I work nearby. Don't be afraid to order lunch- it's as great as breakfast. I enjoyed both the BLT and the tuna sandwich. I go a little after 1PM and have no trouble getting a table.Don't get me wrong- their breakfast rocks. But don't be afraid to go for lunch.
5	Came here while on vacation here! This place was amazing. Can be easily found near the light rail station. The servers were  very freindly and remembered me after I had come in the day before. The food was awesome! The bacon was thick cut and well cooked! They make thier pancakes from scratch and also thier jam from scratch. This place can get busy on weekends but don't always expect a line out the door as some of the Yelp pictures suggest. Great experience and will be back if I return to the area.
3	This place does have really good breakfast, the homemade jelly and hash browns are pretty good. But the 12oz OJ for $4.50 is ridiculous!!! I know it's fresh squeezed but really?
5	Yum-o! After seeing Matt's on triple D I knew that we would have to hit it up on our trip to Phoenix, and it did not disappoint. We arrived at about 10:30 on a Friday morning and waited for about 10 minutes before getting seated at the bar. I started with the OJ, my husband got the strawberry honey lemonade, both were amazing! For breakfast I did the omelette with cheddar cheese and bacon, husband got the eggs and sausage patties. There is an up charge for the bacon in my omelette but it was totally worth it, there was tons of delicious bacon in my omelette. The highlight if the meal was he amazing sourdough toast and jam. If I hadn't been so full of bacon I would have gotten an extra side of toast - so good! I wish we lived in Phoenix so we could go back!
5	Always great food and smiling faces!!! I know its a breakfast joint but try the butter burger!!!
3	Delicious food overshadows poor inattentive service. My party of four waited nearly 40 minutes today(Friday morning) and when we were finally seated our waitress promptly greeted us and took our drink order. After that, service was slow and had poor follow up. Forget trying to get a coffee cup refilled(I got up and went near the kitchen window to get a refil).   The good news is that the omelette and egg scrambles are delicious and large.  Homemade breads are wonderful. Our meals were delivered by some other team member and we never saw our waitress again until it was time for a check.  No follow up!!! Management may think the team approach is fine but someone, ie the primary waitress, needs to maintain some degree of attention to the table once food has been served.When we were leaving we mentioned this to our waitress and she just shrugged her shoulders and thanked us for coming...wow!I must reiterate how good the food is...We will return again because of that fact.
4	Solid breakfast. Is it so good that it warrants all the attention it gets?!? Absolutely not. But like I said before, solid breakfast. Nothing fancy, just plain old good breakfast items that are done right.
5	I've been coming to AZ for spring traning baseball for the past 6 years. Only this year I was able to discover this little breakfast joint. They have the BEST hashbrown I've ever had and of all places, the best strawberry lemonade. They have a simple menu which is what I like and their service is excellent. The only down side is that this restaurant is too small! We had to wait over 1.5 hr to get seated. But it's worth the wait, so we end up eating there 3 times in 4 days. A+++
5	Wow - just delicious food. Fairly limited menu and nothing fancy but the food was just fantastic. So much of it was made in house (including the bread and strawberry preserves). Their fresh squeezed honey lemonade was awesome. It gets pretty busy on the weekends but I can see why. I wish we had something like this in Tucson!
4	Love the food there and the portions are big.  Service fast and the servers very friendly. My only negative comment is that the stools at the counter area area a stainless steel and very slippery.  I felt that the whole time I was there I was fighting to stay on the stool.  Maybe they should put some non slip strips on them LOL. Or invest in a different style of stool for the counter areas
4	Was downtown today so I stopped in for breakfast.Fundamentally not bad.  On the other hand didn't blow my socks off.  That being said I will give them credit for being able to scramble an egg.  Most places don't know how to do this properly (trust me most places make an omelet and chop that up and call it scrambled eggs...its not).This is a small place and it seems like everyone in Phoenix is trying to eat there.  So one really irritating note.  The place is crowded, I'm waiting and I see two people finished with their meal just drinking coffee.  I get seated...they're still sitting there.  I get my food...they're still sitting there.  I eat...they're still sitting there.  I pay my bill...they're still sitting there.  I leave...they're still sitting there.  WTF!!!!!!  People are waiting and you're just sitting there.  To make matters worse they pulled out a jug of Arizona Tea and started drinking that.  Double WTF!!!!!!I guess the management of Matts are too nice and don't bounce people when they should. I'm not sure if that's a good quality or bad.  What I do know is I just saw two of the most inconsiderate people in Phoenix today.Probably a 3.5 versus a 4, but that wasn't a choice.
5	Finally made my debut at the made for TV legendary place. Gotta say, it was worth the hype at least on my dishes ordered. Luckily, two folks were just finishing their meal at the eight-person counter area and I slid right in there around 10:45AM on a Tuesday morning. I knew what I wanted and that waffle looked exactly like every photo on the site, but now I could finally taste the thing and it was a great item. Real maple syrup, fluffy, big waffle, enough butter to last and a side order of some truly memorable home fries. Those actually had real herbs in them, big slices of onions also. The coffee was fresh and free refills flowed. Very friendly young girl at the food bar area and also a great view of the little window were food comes out. Matt could probably take over the whole block if he wants.       The only problem I see is that, does Phoenix really want this place to be its signature restaurant? Gotta pay for parking also and I'm curious why there are meters in this part of PHX. There is nothing in this area that should require paying for parking, it is not really downtown proper. Maybe the mayor needs some more of our money to pay his police or make a new bike trail?
5	After seeing Matt's Big Breakfast on Diners, Drive-Ins & Dives I've wanted to try them for a very long time.  Since my wife and I had have different days off, we finally we're able to go today to enjoy breakfast.  Let me tell you it is worth the wait.  I love the new location they have.  We did wait about 30 minutes to be seated but that was expected since it is a popular place and seating is limited but they do have benches outside with an ice cold dispenser of orange infused water to keep cool with.  At 9 a.m. on a Thursday in late May it is very comfortable outside so the wait was fine.We got seated and I ordered a Strawberry Honey Lemonade to start with and OMG, was it delicious.  I would've ordered another 2-3 glasses but at $3.25 a glass I had to watch myself.  I ordered the Homemade Waffle with Bacon and a side of Home Fries.  The waffle was done to perfection and was light and airy.  Excellent flavor.  This was no waffle mix.  It is served with real butter and a 2 oz. pitcher of REAL maple syrup heated up.  You could do shots of the syrup it is that good.  As a matter of fact my wife poured some on a spoon and tried it.  After her 3rd spoonful I was giving her the hairy eyeball.  LOL  Get your own syrup!  It also comes with 2 strips of thick cut bacon which I swear to you is the best I've ever eaten.  I remember during Triple D (D,DI & D) they said Matt pays retail for this bacon and I can understand why.  You want this good quality bacon served with your excellent food.  I also ordered a side of Home Fries that were cooked in butter with onions and infused with Rosemary.  Wow, were these killer!I also tried the homemade wheat toast and a couple bites of the Iowa Pork Chop from my wife's plate (Chick & Chop) and they were really tasty as well and will order that for myself the  next time or two when I come back.  The service was excellent and the staff had smiles and looked like they were having fun working.It was a real pleasure to come have breakfast  and if I could give Matt's 6 stars I would.  Keep up the great work Matt & Staff!
2	MBB tries to be trendy, tries to be hip, tries to be the face of breakfast in Phoenix.....well, they're 0 for 3 and a big strikeout.Not worth the wait.OverhypedFood is only averageFull of food lemmingsWithout the DDD episode this place would be slightly below average on it's best day.There are much better choices for breakfast.
4	Great bacon and pancakes (called griddlecakes), got there at 9:00 on a Saturday morning, had a 30 minute wait in the shade.  Great service and new interior for this location.
4	I have friends that rave about this place but because it's a ways from my neighborhood and due to the wait, I just never made the effort to try it out until this weekend. I met up with a couple of friends yesterday for brunch. There was a line when we arrived and I think we ended up waiting about 30 minutes, which was fine and expected, we used the time to catch up. We were seated in the little semi-private room right up front where an old skillet is - very cute. The menu is diverse but isn't huge. Two of my friends got two of the breakfast items I was eyeing and said I could try some, so I got the Big Butter Burger and Honey Lemonade. The honey lemonade is amazing. Something you could definitely make at home but I did not mind paying for that sweet sweet juice. The burger was very good, not extraordinary. I thought I would be fine with the kettle chips but I wish I had gotten coleslaw instead. What blew my mind though was the griddlecakes. OH the griddlecakes. Honestly. So good. And the bacon. Fantastic. Their lunch is good but they serve breakfast all day so just go and eat griddlecakes and bacon.
5	So lets start with the bad. I asked for my eggs to be over medium and the came over medium/hard. Ok, now that that's out of the way......WOW!!! The food was amazing. I got "The Chop & Chick". The pork rib chop was cooked perfectly. Great seasoning blend, I did add salt, but then I add salt to everything. The homefries were delicious. And the eggs, even though they weren't as runny as I like, were good as well. I also had white toast which you could tell was made from scratch and came with a blueberry preserve, which was also delicious. 5 Star restaurant. I will definitely be talking about Matt's Big Breakfast to all my friends. Keep up the good work.
5	I have been here twice now and both times were great!  The food is fresh and tastes wonderful.  Pros:+excellent tasting food+excellent customer service+locally brewed coffee (from Cave Creek)+thick slices of bacon+fresh squeezed orange juice+real maple syrup+you do NOT feel terrible after eating here, like some places!  I felt energized and ready to take on the dayCons:-may have to wait for a table, but worth it-no biscuits or biscuits & gravy on the menu-would like to see an all-natural sweetener such as Stevia available-would like to see organic ketchup available as a condimentThose cons are very minor and aren't even a big deal.  I highly recommend this restaurant!
5	I went back to Matt's a week later on a Friday and got there when it opened at 6:30 a.m.  There were plenty of hungry people but there was plenty of seating left (no wait time).  I ordered the Salami Scramble with Home Fries and Sourdough Toast that came with homemade Peach Preserves.  I wanted to try a single Griddle Cake and the waitress informed me that they can do it.  It was not on the menu so a bigger smile was tattooed on my face.  Just like the breakfast a week before, Matt's Big Breakfast knocked it out of the park again.  The service was very good and fast.  I left the restaurant within 50 minutes after being seated and on my way to work happy and stuffed.  Breakfast is my favorite meal and the next time I come back will be for the omelettes and try their country sausage, although that bacon is hard to pass up.  May have to order both and say deal with it wallet!
5	I have been here twice and both times I have enjoyed my meals and came away a very happy camper. On my first visit, I tried the Chop and Chick, which was really good, but being I currently have braces on my teeth, I found the porkchop was a little hard for me to chew, but it didn't deter me from eating it. I also had their infamous Rosemary Home Fries, which are cooked in olive oil and Rosemary and SO DAMN GOOD! This time, I had the Waffle, which came with bacon and I ordered a side of the Rosemary Home Fries. They are so addicting! The bacon as thick and cooked just the way I like it...and so tasty! MMMMMM MMMMMMM GOOD!!!Got in and out of there this time within an hour and barely had a wait for a table but then we went earlier this time too. The first time, we waited I'd say between 20-30 minutes for a table but it as well worth it. I recommend giving Matt's a try. This place is great and the service is excellent.
5	Best pancakes in the world!
4	Good food, decent prices, solid service...Didn't have to wait despite a bustling Friday morning scene...sat at the bar...Had the five on a spot breakfast sandwich which was very tasty...Lovely freshly squeezed orange juice, the real deal here.The con ? It's a very loud space....I'm glad  I tried it after hearing how popular Matt's wash...Everything seems freshly prepared, the atmosphere is upbeat and you can be in and out of there in a snap...Unfortunately, I live in North Scottsdale and there aren't places like Matt's by me...Hopefully one day. Good job mates...keep up the good work...
3	Delicious food! It was kind of noisy though.
4	Dive side of town but a really dynamic local diner. Short hours and a small footprint make it a tough call, but it's worth the visit. We arrived early, 15 minutes after opening and there was already a 30+ min wait on a Saturday morning.  Good diner-quality breakfast with quick service, good hot cakes, eggs & potatoes. Cheap and a giant meal on a large plate. The place was full of locals; we were the only out-of-state license plate on the street.
5	I like the new digs ;)  The new location, although larger, still feels snug & homey to me.The personnel are wonderful as ever! Friendly and competent :)The food is delicious, as always. I had the Hog & Chick, which is 2 eggs, thick cut bacon & home fries. The eggs where just the right size (I was complaining about tiny eggs at another establishment earlier, lol), the bacon was perfect & my favorite part were the home fries, which were cooked to perfection. My daughter had the Waffle. I'd tell you how that was but she had inhaled it before I got a chance to taste it :D She told me it was really good & it's too bad I didn't get any, lol!This time around my baby & I stopped in after hiking South Mountain. You know how some people look good no matter what they've been doing? That's not me, lol. But I have no shame, I stopped in anyway! You'll see all kinds here, people dressed to impress, some who look like they're headed to work, others who look like they're having a PJ party, some who look like they're going to or coming from the gym & then some who've just come off a mountain :D Regardless, it's one happy family here & there's a feeling of real camaraderie, all based around the love of fresh, yummy food!
4	BACON! The bacon is the shining star! We went later around 12-12:30 on a Sunday, so we only had to wait about 10 minutes to be seated. There were about 2 other couples waiting after us and then there was no wait to be seated. So going later could be a good tactic; however, the specials had run out, so as long as you don't care about that, you got it made.I ordered the hog and chick with home fries, The bacon is the bomb, thick and delicious, the home fries are also so flavorful, and my scrambled eggs were cooked perfectly.  You also get a large slice of buttered toast and jam.The man had the chop and chick and a side of bacon with home fries. I tried the chop and it was good, but a little over cooked (dry) in my opinion. He also had the strawberry honey lemonade which was delicious! I can't order drinks with no refills because I drink a lot, so I had the iced tea. Overall, very good! I wouldn't wait 2 hours to be seated though, I'd come back for the bacon!
3	Okay. So my sister mentioned she saw this on Diners, Drive-ins and Dives. It wasn't the same spot, as they had moved from the original location to open up a larger restaurant. The back lot parking is tiny and awkward, since you'd have to back out of it to get out. But, there is plenty of street parking. We showed up on a Saturday morning, after a walk through the nearby farmers market. The wait wasn't all that long. It was only 15 minutes for us, as we were here at about 9:30am. But, it got pretty crowded when we left.As for all the great reviews, hrmmm... Overall, I think the food is just average. My parents got the griddlecakes, bacon and eggs. My sister got the porkchops with homefries. I ended up getting eggs, sausage, hash and toast. The parents griddlecakes were huge. They could have easily split them to share. I snagged a piece of bacon and found it quite tasty. The hasbrown was kinda overcooked, almost to the point where it was sorta burnt. Not quite, but almost. Some nice soft, white bits in my hashbrowns would have been nice. The toast was pretty chewy and took some teeth gnawing action, in order to swallow. My sister's porkchops and homefries were just okay. Though the chops look like they were seasoned with something, it wasn't all that flavorful and a bit dry.The servers were friendly and prompt. They were quick to refill drinks. The only notable thing that stuck out was that they were sitting 3 people at what I would consider a 2 person table. A bit of a tight fit there with all the knee bumping action going on.The place is good. It's just not great. Definitely nothing spectacular.
5	Love Matt's big breakfast!!! Whenever I go through Phoenix, I make it a point to stop by Matt's   Real ingredients makes for real Food!  I can eat at Matt's and be full for the rest of the day, and be satisfied!  Great waffles! Great pancakes! Great eggs! Great thick pieces of bacon, and not mention their brunch menu.  To bad I live 200 miles away, I'd be a regular! :)
5	Good food fast service and trendy location
5	I tried the Special of the Day which was Ham,Cheese Chile Omelet with the home fries. My Husband tried the Sausage patties  and Eggs with home fries. These dishes were very good. The server was very attentive plus there was no waiting in line to get seated. The food was served very promptly while it was still steaming hot. Will definitely return to eat here on our next trip to Phoenix..
5	This was my first time here. I came here for the sixth "meeting" of the Breakfast Club UYE. I might have to update this after going a few more times but first impressions were very good.I don't know what else I can say that hasn't already been said. This place has been on every "watch someone else eat" food show around and been reviewed a hundred times over.I am told this is their new slightly bigger location. It was very nice. We did have to wait until all of our party showed up to be seated. Which ended up being 14 strong when it was all said and done. Once we were officially on the list the wait wasn't too long and they had put together a few tables to seat all of us together. Due to the noise level inside the waiter addressed each end of the table separately so he didn't have to yell across the table. Drink orders were taken and soon after water and other drinks started to come out. Two people went around the table getting food orders. I had to get the griddlecakes even though the egg scramble with chorizo special was very tempting. I came for pancakes and that was what I was sticking to. Now I thought the food came out fairly quickly unless I was just caught up in conversation which is known to happen at the Breakfast Club. So many great people to talk to. My griddlecakes were awesome. Some of the best I've had ever. My one small complaint was extra syrup is $1.50 and I love a lot of syrup on my pancakes. But it was worth it because it was real maple syrup and the pancakes were so good.I finished off the entire stack of three pancakes which I'm told is quite a feat as they are big and rich. I was hungry and was determined to make it through. They didn't split the check but let each of us pay our share and in the end it was all taken care of. I will definitely be back to try all of the other stuff on the menu which is why this review may or may not change. I hope it doesn't because based off the pancakes alone this place is one of the best and deserves all of the attention and the line outside to get in.Can't wait for the next Breakfast Club "meeting".
5	The best breakfast you will ever have. I can't tell you why - maybe take the most simple foods but make sure they are the highest quality, cook with butter or olive oil and you get perfection?  I don't know the secret but people will wait in line for over 30 minutes to eat OATMEAL there?!I've eaten there twice - my first review must have been written on the other location. This time I had the simple breakfast sandwich. Two eggs, bacon, cheese on a soft fluffy roll. The bacon is outrageous, thick, peppery yum. The sandwich is really big and luscious.  My older kid gets the basic eggs, potatoes, toast and bacon. The younger got the waffles - incredible light, fluffy and flavorful. I can't remember what my husband got but he was a happy, happy man.The wait is tough especially in summer heat. I've been approached by homeless folks both times. The last one was hilarious. He asked me for a cigarette and I told him I don't smoke. He looked at me with amazement and asked: How did you quit??? Like we have been the best friends forever and he is in awe in my ability to quit. Ha! I laughed and said I've never smoked. He nicely moved on to the next group.**I had to edit this as I forgot to compliment the service. I love, love, love how everyone says "thank you for waiting". There is no arrogance here. Super attentive service always offering more water or coffee.
5	What can I say that other haven't? It's all true...this place kicks breakfast ass! I have been to several high dollar steakhouses that don't cook a steak as perfectly as Matt's does. You will be able to find me here at least a few times a month...
4	Very nice experience.  We went about 1:30pm and there were no crowds to worry about.  Staff was very attentive and friendly.  Waffles were light and fluffy.  My husband loved the special which was an egg scramble with roasted peppers and andouille sausage thick slices of sourdough bread and house made strawberry preserves.  Would recommend trying.
5	Worth the Triple D hype. We always stop here when we drive cross country. I think we've been here 4 times, total. They have moved into a larger building and their competition around the corner puts a sign up across the street to lure the hungry waiting patrons away from Matt's. Nice tactic, but I will say this place is worth the wait. Everything is fresh, real, homemade-- doesn't get better. I always get the pancakes, the Chop and Chick is good too.. Their home fries and coffee are great.. Fresh preserves on fresh bread. Just go to there. It's great.
4	Matt's Big Breakfast is a great place to have well... breakfast. The new location is great, although I wish that they could have added a few more tables.There is one thing that I hate...Lines. Seriously. I would rather have a reservation. But I hate lines. especially in 100 degrees. Matt's would get a 5 star, except for the lines. It is a great place for breakfast, and I still highly recommend it. ( I always go for a special.... something new...something different).Their honey lemonade is awesome :)
5	The BEST breakfast spot in all of Arizona!! There's a special everyday!! I go here every Friday an the food is always on point!!
5	Breakfast, as good as it gets! The food, YUM!  The service, outstanding! The vibe, hipster chill. The wait at 8:45 on a Sunday morning, 5-10 minutes. Phew, I would have happily waited 30 minutes.Matt, I applaud you for taking the time to prepare everything from scratch with only the finest ingredients.  It shows in the homemade belgian waffles with sweet creamery butter & real maple syrup, the thick sliced peppery & oh so perfect bacon, the omelets made with Wisconsin cheddar, the rosemary home fries, the breakfast sandwich, the fresh-squeezed OJ and, of course, the bottomless cup of locally roasted dark roast coffee.  I can only imagine how good their biscuits & sausage gravy would be... if they had them, but I love a restaurant that does a few things very well, instead of trying to be all things to all people.
3	I showed up this month for the Yelp breakfast club.  To me this is a really good neighborhood breakfast/lunch place.  Not necessarily a destination place nor worth the wait outside.  The food is good and priced correctly.  The space is still cramped for parties of 5 or more
5	This is my favorite breakfast spot in Arizona hands down! Every time I have visitors from out of town I suggest this for breakfast. Even when they were at the smaller location I would bring my friends from CA there when I used to live in downtown. I come here a lot with my man and the family and it is never disappointing. The prices are unbeatable for the quality of the food. My favorite item that they serve is their hash browns. I can't put my finger on what make them so delicious, they just are. My last visit they served us burned hash browns but they fixed it right away with the delicious hash browns that I love so much. I usually get some coffee and share a five spot with Eric. The five spot is an amazing breakfast sandwich that has thick bacon, egg, cheese and grilled onions all on delicious bread. When we have a crazier appetite we go for the five spot with an order of waffles. WOW. Unbelievably yummy. There's usually a wait but it's well worth it.
2	The food at Matt's is quite good. My issue is with the service. I'm gluten-intolerant and so I asked for my breakfast that normally comes with potatoes and toast to have extra potatoes instead of toast. I was taken aback when the server said no substitutions were allowed, not even for food sensitivities. I understand that a small restaurant that wants to turn tables quickly may not allow substitutions for any reason, but then they should clearly state that on the menu. I probably won't be back.
5	When I think of a great breakfast place I would take my friends, I think of Matt's.  Hands down the best breakfast joint!  I understand that waiting for a seat can be long but it is worth the wait.    I know the new place has been open for awhile but I love it!  Bigger location but still the great food and friendly staff!  I am just drooling over the thought of the Belgium waffle with REAL maple syrup and BACON!  All of my favorite foods on one plate.  The Chicken Sandwich with pesto, provolone and peppers is the juiciest sandwich I have ever tasted.  The peppers are not on the usual sandwich. I believe it was the lunch special.  Matt's is a fixture in Phoenix and they are here to stay.  I wish I could give you more stars!!
5	A Big Breakfast with a small menu!Note: this review is for the vegetarian options.Small, cute restaurant in the middle of a neighorhood area that ALWAYS seems to have a line. Words of advice- WAIT. IN. THE. LINE! Service- we sat at the bar, which isn't huge (I think there were between 12-15 stools), and the  server was very friendly, very helpful, and very nice. Our food was brought out promptly, water was refilled before we could get close to finishing, and we were checked up on every 5 minutes. 5 stars.Atmosphere- Really cute place that's always full. It's not huge, but it's not tiny either. Everyone seems to be in a good mood, and its a wonderful BRUNCH location. It's fairly loud, so not a quiet, date location, but great to come with 1 person for good food, or with a small group for brunch at the tables. 4 starsFood- And now for the best part. The food! They have a small menu which I don't mind because everything is well thought out and creative. The cheese omelet (with Wisconsin cheddar of course) was well-cooked, didn't have too much cheese to make it goopy, and went very well with the sauteed onions. The made-from-scratch Belgian waffle was DIVINE. Every bite was delicious and the REAL maple syrup it's served with is delicious. Don't drench the waffle so you can taste the amazing batter itself and the syrup to compliment it. 5 stars.Drinks- ORDER THE FRESH HONEY LEMONADE! Wonderfully refreshing on a hot day, fresh, homemade taste, and sweetened with honey to add that kick at the end. 4 STARS.Bottom line- come early, wait in line with good company, try 1 thing with syrup, 1 without, and order the lemonade. Go home happy.
4	***Matt's Big Breakfast is a good, fresh and made-from-scratch breakfast featuring both good sweet items (like French toast and waffles) to high quality breakfast meats (thick-cut bacon and maple sausage links)***Matt's Big Breakfast was featured on Food Network's Diners, Drive-ins & Drives.  It was in a smaller location back then and had an incredibly long wait.  It is in a much bigger space now though I believe it still has a very long wait; we were able to avoid the long wait though by coming early (a little after 8:00am on a Saturday).I am not sure what their old space looked like, but the new space is nice.  It has an industrial look and there are great touches throughout the dining room from exposed pipes and a variety of seating to the big blackboard that announces the daily specials.I had their French toast (which was a special).  It came with maple sausage links.  The French toast was very good.  It was thick toast and the outside was very good.  It had a nice, slightly crispy edge that had great sweetness.  There were great notes of cinnamon and the eggy crust was very addictive.  The inside was fairly moist too without being soggy.  However, because the bread was so thick, the very center of the French toast probably was not as moist as I would have liked.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/matts-big-breakfast-phoenix-2?select=6WCwYFxcTuQs-1nZktVsCg#QVj5TsuHRcV3qV5qcpzb5AThe French toast came with very good real maple syrup.  Extra maple syrup is available at an extra charge, but the portion they provide complimentary with the French toast and waffles is more than enough in my opinion.The maple sausages were excellent.  The outside sear was very good and the inside was very juicy.  It had a great mix of salty and then sweet from the maple syrup.  Bob Evans used to do (and maybe still does) maple sausages and Matt's Big Breakfast's sausages were very similar to them though I would say Matt's sausages were thicker.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/matts-big-breakfast-phoenix-2?select=6WCwYFxcTuQs-1nZktVsCg#_MwLXLWjCU_o_fZ2Q3JiZgI also tried their waffle and it was very good--nice, thick Belgian waffle that was light and fluffy with the right amount of sweetness.  Their hash browns were good as well--the right mix of soft shredded potatoes as well as a great crispy top.  These hash browns were seasoned just okay; ketchup and hot sauce was necessary.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/matts-big-breakfast-phoenix-2?select=6WCwYFxcTuQs-1nZktVsCg#B7lMBvpvsIg5opeOwymeVwI also had their bacon and it was very high quality.  The bacon was incredibly thick.  It was not crispy.  Instead, it was a thick, meaty and chewy bacon (the fat was all rendered down).  The bacon was also heavily peppered.  While the bacon was definitely high quality, I would have preferred a thick bacon that had both a good crispy exterior as well as a meaty, chewy interior.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/matts-big-breakfast-phoenix-2?select=6WCwYFxcTuQs-1nZktVsCg#_3YUclGMUq1-1LN20B1CgQService was good.  The food came out at a quick pace.  The restaurant gets busy though and it can be difficult at times tracking down a server.Prices are not that bad.  Some of their items (like their specials and a la carte sides) are definitely on the pricey side, but a lot of their regular menu items feature good portion sizes and are under $8.Matt's Big Breakfast is a worthwhile breakfast spot and definitely worth visiting if you are a breakfast fan and find yourself in Phoenix.  The food is very straightforward, but It is also immediately recognizable that a lot of the food is homemade/made-from-scratch.  This combined with the high quality ingredients really make this restaurant feel like a very special breakfast place.I believe this restaurant has its own free parking lot in the back.  Expensive metered street parking is also available.
5	Stopped by near the end of their day as it was convenient and didn't know what to expect. The servers were excellent though they must have been getting geared to shut down. It was late enough we had no wait at all and our server encouraged us to take our time ordering and enjoying the meal. I wasn't super hungry, but I tried the special (three egg skillet with peppers and other goodness) and it was amazing. I will definitely be back next time I am downtown in the morning.
4	The hash browns are too die for. My omelet was well done, not over cooked, and the strawberry spread is delicious.
2	The first time I went here I thought it was a good Yelp pick.  The last time I went here I shelled out $18 for a scramble without meat, and a large OJ.  If you come here with a party of four your tab would be close to $80.  $4.50 for a large OJ that was probably bought at Costco for $5 a gallon!?  Food is good, but not worth the high cost  and wait considering the location is in an industrial area.  I have been to hundreds of restaurants world-wide and know what is a reasonable cost for your meal.  Diners and Dives made it popular, but now I think they are gouging the customer for their product.  Cashier tried to justify costs, but the #s just don't add up.
5	Not much to add that everyone else hasn't already said, this place lived up to our expectations. The waffle was pure heaven, I'm sure I could have inhaled it if no one was looking. The thick cut bacon will make you question all other bacon you've ever had. Ham off the bone? A religious experience. Both the honey lemonade and the fresh-squeezed orange juice should be sipped like fine wine. Go here. Bring someone with you so you can steal food from them. Seriously.Besides the food, the service was wonderful. Our waitress was extremely attentive and personable even though the restaurant was busy. The wait wasn't as bad as some make it out to be, be patient and your chance to enter Valhalla will come.
5	Yummy breakfast place.  Very popular.  Worth the wait....
5	With all due respect if you are religious, but on a Sunday morning Matt's Big Breakfast can be even more spiritual than church! This is Phoenix's best breakfast hands down. The pancakes are so light and fluffy it's like someone took the clouds straight out of heaven and onto a griddle. The bacon is thick and satisfying too and the ham steak is just another level of flavor I've never experiences during the day hours.Portions and prices are spectacular, but now comes the bad part: the wait is worse than vegas' best nightclubs. Just like vegas too, if there's more than two of you, you're not getting in. Best bet is to order over the phone, get it to go, and enjoy this goodness at home where at least nobody else can see you drool.
4	Sixth "meeting" for The Breakfast Club UYE, and my second time attending. Oh come on  . . . meeting?! "Our Meeting is Eating!" Stick it on a shirt already. Also my first time at Matt's. We had to wait for our entire party to show up, fourteen total. Staff was very accommodating of us and ended putting several tables together for us. On Jennifer O.'s suggestion, I tried the waffle with bacon. It didn't leave me with that carb hangover feeling you often get from waffles and pancakes, which was great seeing as I had to get to the gym shortly after. Real maple syrup; just the right amount for me. Watch out though, if you like a double dose, extra syrup is $1.50. The bacon was what bacon should be: Thick and delicious! A little on the peppery side, but can you really complain? It's freakin' BACON! For a place as well known and busy as Matt's, our dishes seemed to come out rather quickly. But as Preston S. and many others have mentioned . . . this tends to happen at the Breakfast Club. A lot. :) No split checks, but we were all able to pay out our amount at the end with no issues. No frills breakfast, but quality for sure. I will be back! Shout out to Monica O. for orchestrating this whole thing!
5	Matt's Big Breakfast is soooo delish! The first time I ever game was after graduation at ASU and it was still in the old location that was tiny! It definitely lived up to everything I'd heard about it. It tastes like good home cooking and everything on the menu is yummy. I also like that them menu isn't huge. My dad and stepmom always want to come here when they are in town visiting and I definitely have no problem with that! I think I would go a lot more if I lived closer to downtown..this is more of a destination breakfast for us (but worth it). The hash browns that come on the side are sooooooo decadent and amazing. Probably the best hash browns I've ever had. There is always a wait but it goes by fairly quickly and there are a couple benches at the newer location so you can sit and wait. Five spot and hog & chick are notable faves. You won't be disappointed!
4	We went on a weekday, which probably helped minimize the notorious wait time.We were seated at a high table, in the front/private dining room, which also serves as a storage location. There was a lot of traffic in and out, but not to the point of being bothersome, and the view out the front window made it well worth it.I ordered the special, a Denver scramble, and had cinnamon raisin toast, with homemade strawberry jam.The scramble was delicious, but the jam was amazing!I enjoyed my meal, and my experience, and will likely return.
3	It's ok, and it is different.  I don't really get all the excitement about, it's novelty food.I had "The Hog & Chick" and wasn't really impressed at all.  The novelty factor going on is a play on the word "big."  But it's not big servings, it's odd cuts.  Instead of 2 slices of toast, you get a single slice that's about an inch thick.  Three strips of bacon that are about double thickness.  To me it was just novelty though, there's a reason toast isn't that thick and bacon is usually sliced thinner.  When it's cut this way the toast was just a bit too much like a mouth full of bread, and the bacon was chewy, not crispy.On the positive side, the hashbrowns were great, the over easy eggs were done perfectly, the waitress was very friendly, and the service was amazingly fast (Tuesday Morning, 7:30AM).I'd consider going back for the service alone.  But I wasn't a fan of the food.  It was fairly average, which I guess is impressive for novelty size/slice items?  But I don't get how this can be getting so many 5 star ratings for being great service but otherwise just high priced novelty food.
5	If your looking for a good breakfast in a completely casual setting, Matt's is the place. The griddlecakes (aka pancakes) and waffles were a light and melted in your mouth. My dad has the hash browns and he loved the twist on them. What the atmosphere lacks, the staff makes up for. If you want good breakfast food, eat here.
5	As always the breakfast here is well thought out and gigantic. You never leave hungry.
5	What a great place! Bigger, better! The Belgian waffles are amazing...alway the same wonderful flavor and consistency. The staff couldn't be nicer...I wish I could eat here every day!
5	Everyone loves Matts. I don't need to review it... I do want to fill you in on the new location they just moved to in 2013, a block north of the old. It is larger, thank Gawd! but not much, thank Gawd again. That was part of the charm. Go on a weekday, when you have the day off and it wont be crowded. Being a sucker and going on Saturday at 9:45am is surely going to cause you to wait in line. Thats rookie business. But the new location, is still small enough to keep its charm and unique, downtown, local vibe but large enough to not have to pull tables together for a 4 top! Their food, menu, daily specials, and coffee all still consistent and amazing as always.
1	We have been here plenty of times and keep coming back because of the food, one time our waitress dug her tiny shorts out of her ass and proceeded to serve us without washing her hands first. We made a comment to the owner she apologized but then we saw the cook cough all over our food. We went there today with our daughter, only a party of 2 was on the list ahead of us. Well once they were sat the hostess sat people that came in after us. When we questioned her about it she said that they only seat party of 3 at their ridiculously tiny tables. Which wouldn't be so bad if they didn't bring every item you order on its own plate. We weren't given an option of the bar or table. Which we would've picked the bar because there is more room and it was available first. They attempted to sit us at the baby table and sat a party of 3 white people at the bar. She was very friendly to the white costumers but not us. My money is green just like theirs. Will not be going back for a long time...please make the little girls that work there wear shorts that are longer than their vagina. Very unprofessional!
4	We had a great time yesterday on a rainy (yes rainy) Sunday morning.We arrived around ten-thirty and the place was packed. There must have been two dozen ahead of us waiting in line.  So, after a few minutes we decide to sit at the counter, since it was mostly empty.Our waitress was Briann, who set us up with some coffee almost as we sat down.  Great start!  We ordered the waffles with thick-cut pepper bacon with a couple of spicy sausage patties and some eggs, hashbrowns and bacon.Everything was very good and as we came to the end of our meal, we noticed the Hostess and told her to take our name off the list for a table.  LOL!  Turns out the list was for the counter as well. D'oh!  Then why were all the seats empty?Anyway, the rains let up and we were off to the Phoenix Art Museum.  Great way to start a Sunday morning. Our total was a fair $26.50 including taxes, but before gratuities.Enjoy!
5	Matt's has well thought out food (although not a TON of options), quick service, and a nice ambiance.  Even though the service is quick, the wait to get a table might be long.  This is a popular tourist and local spot but worth a little wait.  The coffee is roasted locally in Cave Creek and the Cinnamon walnut toast is pretty awesome.
3	Sorry folks I just didn't get what all hub hub is about , it wasn't bad but it was nothing to get excited about. To tell you the Hod's honest truth I have had better breakfast at some local Greek diners and with bigger portions to boot. Maybe I went in with great expectations after reading the reviews and catching the Guy's triple D show, and was expecting manna from the God's. I had to chuckle when our name was called and proceeded to the hostess where we expected to be walked to our table but instead she pointed to a far away table and were told to it there, I guess there's a first time for everything. I would give Matt's a middle of the road review and it's worth a try if your in the area, but I for one would never wait more then 15 minutes to be seated it's just not the old.
3	After all the hype around this place we happened to be down-town and decided to give it a try. I'll be honest it was good food but nothing amazing, I am just glad there wasn't a wait when we went otherwise I think our expectations would have been much higher. I got the griddlecakes because I read they are a must to try and my husband got the Chop & Chick (pork chop with eggs). The pancakes were good, I would say comparable to the good egg, but I would choose the good egg over Matt's. The husband's pork chop had a lot of flavor with a nice crispy outside served with your standard scrambled eggs and above par hash browns. The one thing we got which I will say was very good would be the thick-cut bacon. It was cooked perfectly and for a side order you got 3 huge slices which was enough for us to share. I would come back here however, I would definitely try the BLT because of that bacon, but I don't see myself waiting more than 15-20min for a seat.
4	visiting the area and got this recommendation from yelp. One of the best breakfasts I have had.  The food came out hot and fresh cooked. I had a basic breakfast eggs, potatoes and sausage, good good good.  not much to look at from the exterior but this was a great breakfast.  only reason no five star, canned soft drinks.
4	I have to say, I have never really been much of a breakfast person. With that said, Matt's Big Breakfast may change that. Why? Well, let's get crackin'! :)The Food: First and foremost, let's talk about the menu. It's small, but covers all you bfast must haves. Eggs to ham, oatmeal to waffles, they have you covered. They even have a big bowl of Frosted Flakes on the menu (ummmmm yum!). I got the Hog and Chick, which is two eggs any way, bacon or sausage, hashbrowns or homefries, with toast and homemade strawberry preserves. I got my eggs over easy, and I mention this becausemost places can't seem to make them right, but Matt's made them perfectly! The homefries were delish, and the toast and preserves made my tummy VERY happy.The only problem I had was with the bacon, too peppery. That is a personal preference though. The Service:The service was good. It took about 30 min to be seated, which is to be expected. It allowed time for me to walk around a bit and chat it up with my friend. So no complaints there. Our server (and I feel terrible because I can't remember her name) was very sweet and attentive. Only towards the end did her service become slow, but the drinks and food came out in a respectable amount of time. The Atmosphere:It is a smaller establishment, so its a little "cozy", but don't let that scare you away. Everyone is there to enjoy a good breakfast, so you're in good company. :) It's decor simple. It's pretty contemporary. It's very clean as well. The Verdict:Matt's Big Breakfast is awesome! Worth the wait, and worth the trip downtown. I gave Matt's 4 stars because I wasn't a fan of the super peppery bacon, and the service got a little slow at the end. Other than those two, everything else was great! I will be returning, and with friends.
5	Best breakfast place - hands down.  Always amazing.  Reasonable priced, but they go the extra mile  to make things from scratch.  I have never had a better breakfast lace anywhere!!!!!
3	Bacon was wayyyy too peppery, they should really just call it pepper bacon. The waffle was bland. However the omelet was perfectly cooked and the ingredients were fresh. The home made butter and the syrup made up for the waffles lack of flavor. Its nice that everything is fresh and natural but when 50% of all the food is some what bland it doesn't really cut it, and the servers were friendly but are a bit out there. Its hard to explain, unique, yet uncomfortable. I saw one waitress get on her knees and put her face right next to a guy ordering as he just stared at her and awkwardly gave his order with the most frightened expression. My dining companions might be back, but I will not be. It just equated into a mediocre experience.
4	Ordered the waffles and omelette special (eggs, andouille sausage, pepper jack cheese, and jalapenos) with homemade fries. Waffles are fantastic if you smear the butter around and mix it with the syrup. Nice and soft. Slightly sweet when waffles are by itself. Bacon that came with the waffles were tasty, as well.  Omelette was flavorful, but a touch of tabasco sauce enhanced the flavor. Homemade fries are delicious. The housemade strawberry jam that came with the toast was delicious, as well. Friendly staff. Very busy here - like a 30 min wait.
5	I've been trying to get over to Matt's for some time - but since I live in Chandler, it's not often that I'm in Phoenix during breakfast hours.  That said, boy oh boy was it worth the extra 30 minute drive.  Everything was spot on.  The service, the food, the ambiance - just wow.  We got there close to closing time, so they were out of a few things, but that's to be expected when they're so busy.  Probably the best breakfast potatoes I've ever had - and the pancake is in the top three of all time.  Very few restaurants bother with real maple syrup, but for me it makes all the difference.  The bacon was up near the top I've ever had, and I will be back as often as possible.  Simply put, it's the best breakfast destination in Phoenix, period.
5	Was in Phoenix over the weekend and grabbed breakfast here on Monday morning.  I ordered "The Chop & Chick" with bacon and had my eggs scrambled.  Food was great and the service was even better.  Will definitely grab another meal here next time I'm in the Phoenix area.
5	Always a fan of "Today's Specials!"
4	first time we went it was a 5 star went back about a month later and it was a high 4 star.
3	I am not sure what the big deal is. The food is good but nothing was spectacular. If you have to wait more than 15 minutes I would go somewhere else.
4	Breakfast is the most important meal of the day, and Matt sure likes his eggs and bacon in the morning hours!  I was actually able to get into their newest location and sit a the bar.  I'm not a big lady but the stools were tiny and I kept slipping off the stool. The staff and service was great.  She was busy however able to fill up my coffee cup without being asked.  I ordered the omelet with cheddar, mushrooms and of course bacon with hash browns and white toast.  Surprisingly the toast and jam, I really enjoyed the most! The omelet was filled with melted cheese, grilled mushrooms and bacon.  The eggs were cooked perfectly and overall the dish was tasty.   Matt's prides itself for making everything from scratch or most of it.  And it is really good, if you are into traditional bacon and egg kind of dishes for breakfast.  The coffee was actually really good and didn't leave a bitter taste.  I would recommend getting there earlier than later due to Matt's reputation in the Valley. The place does get crowded even if it's in a bigger location. Next time: Waffles!
5	Quite literally the best breakfast I have ever had. I had the French Toast special today and my mouth has never been so happy. I think I had a foodgasm.In addition to the amazingly flavorful food, the ambience was really cool inside and the entire staff was exceptionally friendly and helpful. The owner herself even came out to see if we had any questions! This place is the best.
5	One of the best "diner style" breakfasts I've ever had. I ordered the "chop and chick," a rosemary slathered pork chop with 2 eggs. The chop was (at my request) cooked with a perfect pink center and the "over easy" request on eggs was executed perfectly. Great, friendly service, too!
5	Fantastic.  Hadn't been to the new location until today.  Love the size of the new location.  You don't feel like a scumbag if you want to sit and talk for a bit since there is room for others to sit.  The food is excellent as usual.  Today it was the omelet with provolone, mushrooms, and sausage.  The sourdough toast was thick, crunchy outside with a chewy inside.  And the hashbrowns were just the way I like them - crunchy, but not too crunchy.  The service is attentive even when it's busy.A must visit if you're downtown for breakfast or dinner.
5	How did anyone give this place a score lower than a 5?? You must hate breakfast. The quality of the food is equal to any in the US.
4	VERY LONG WAIT as you would expect; just plan for it.  It is really, really good food.  Everyone was happy
4	This place is very good.  We came on a Saturday afternoon and were sat within 5 seconds.  No joke!The decor is trendy urban with the concrete floors orange walls exposed brick and vents. Love the corrugated aluminum walls outside.Service was quick and on point.  Very friendly!The food was more than aqueduct. The omelette was very filling and the sourdough toast with jam was great!
5	Organic and tasty. Went there for my daughter's going away event. They were so sweet and gave us the big room.
2	Nowhere near living up to it's hype. I have been hearing people sing the praises of this  place for a while now and my girl and I decided to give it a shot since it's so close to home. I have also heard horror stories of horrendous wait times so we aimed for after breakfast but before lunch. It was indeed packed but we were seated fairly quickly. The place really aint much for the eyes. No real decor and kinda rough looking. Right away we noticed how sparse the menu is. Really not much to choose from. Especially if it is before lunch time. I ordered the Chop and Chick while my girl had the Hog and Chick. Well... where do I start? First thing, my glass of Iced Tea was filthy! 2 different colors of debris no less. I quickly dismissed it so as to not alert my girl who can be quite sensitive about things of that nature. Her glass was fine. The food comes after a wait that was starting to feel too long. It really seemed as if the cooks ONLY paid attention to the meat and couldn't care less about the rest. My eggs were slimy, my home fries were over cooked to the point you couldn't hardly chew the parts that weren't mush. My girl's hashbrowns were a big greasy mess that she said had no flavor what so ever. My chop was actually pretty damn good as was her bacon. But that was not nearly enough to save a breakfast that was NOT worth the $30.00 bill. Too much worrying about hepster, hippy,  vegan, yada yada not enough focus on good cooking. All the cracked sea salt (which won't come out of the holes in the shaker mind you) and raw sugar (which I freaking hate!) in the world doesn't make up for a lack of attention to detail.Think twice folks. Don't believe the hype. We won't be going back. Certainly not when Mel's Diner is so close!!!
4	Being the breakfast fan that I am, this was one of my first stops after a long trip to the East Coast.  I love Matt's because of the freshness of the ingredients they use.  Everything is hot and REAL, from the eggs to the the thick cut multigrain bread and scrumptious rosemary potatoes.  The daily specials are great, but classics like the "Hog and Chick" are just as tasty.  Be sure to come early or be prepared for long waits!
4	Finally getting time to get down to write the review for this gem of a breakfast/lunch spot. Its places like this that make me want to move more and more to downtown Phoenix.Ive been here a few times already and I try something new every time. I do have to say that the steak and eggs has been the fav thus far. A true man's man meal meant to satisfy that inner lumberjack. They cooked the steak just the way I like it which rarely happens. Unless you go to some pricey steak house, they always like to cook well done or still moving. Not Matts I washed it down with their  absolutely refreshing, fresh squeezed oj. Even their toast and jam was addicting. Breakfast has to be my favorite meal of the day, so a ideal breakfast spot is key. Matts has secured its way as a top performer in that category.Moving past the enticing grub at Matts, the customer service was excellent. The place always seems busy driving by but when you go in, they usually get you in right away. The staff is more than friendly and always checking to make sure your dining experience is great. The joint is small but put together very well with a vintage, yet modern vibe. Watch out when you first sit down though, Its like planting your ass on the toilet in winter. Seats are metal so it takes a minute to warm up.
4	On our way down from Paradise Valley we decided to go to Matt's Big Breakfast for brunch based on Meg's past visit for The Breakfast Club. Even at 10:30, the place was packed full to bursting with a large group of people waiting outside. After a twenty minute wait I found out why. The service was very quick and friendly and the food was great. I ordered the five spot breakfast sandwich. While the sandwich only came on it's own, it was easy to understand why when it arrive. The sandwich took up most of the plate with what was likely 2-3 eggs, two strips of bacon, and cheese all on a roll bigger than a softball. Honestly, if I could, I'd come for the bacon alone. Very thick cut and choice slices and well seasoned. The eggs were well cooked and very fresh and the roll was very light and flaky. I would definitely come back again though I would recommend coming early to beat the crowds if you can.
2	Sorry but I really don't get the hype of this place. As you may know from reading my other reviews, my bf and I are poor and like to eat cheap. This is why we consult diners drives in and dives everytime we go to a new city. My bf and I were super excited after a positive experience at Chino Bandido (which was also a DDD recommendation). I will admit that I'm a little biased when it comes to breakfast food (I hate the majority of it) but the Chop and Chick seemed non breakfasty enough for me especially since I got homefries. They didn't know what I meant when I asked for a soft boiled egg so I got my eggs poached. BF got the hog and chick. We were so disappointed when our meal came out. The portions were normal sized and everything just tasted ok. The sourdough with fresh strawberry preserves was the only special thing about the meal. I wished the sourdough were more sour though. The porkchop didn't have much flavor and was a little tough. My BF felt the same about his order. We walked out feeling like we would've been just as happy going to Dennys (and then I would have had more non breakfast options too!)
5	Not sure what I can say that everyone else has not already said:Their Pork Chop is excellent, I generally get the Waffle (it is very hard to get a good waffle that uses it's own batter versus pancake batter) and sub out the bacon for the Pork Chop (+4.25), their hashbrowns are amazing one of the best ever (per Mrs D) and their homemade strawberry preserves are exceptionalThe more simple a dish is, the higher the execution needs to be and the sourcing of the ingredients needs to be, and Matt's does an excellent job of both - They do a great job with a small menu that they can execute at a high level, for American Breakfast food you cannot beat Matt's if you can get there before it is packed
5	Great Food, cool spot, great coffee... What else do you need? The thick cut bacon was amazing!
5	Amazing. Well worth the wait no matter how long. The coffee is delicious, the food is fresh, the pancakes are divine.
3	I was here the other day and it was a great hangover cute. However their omelette did not have a lot of flavour and the hash-browns needed a lot of salt. It was alright on the whole, the atmosphere and wait staff were great but I expected a more flavourful meal. It's decent but nothing to write home about.
5	I love this place for many reasons! One the atmosphere of the place is just really cool and modern. Second, the service is great; all very friendly staff. Third, the food is beyond delicious. I ordered their breakfast sandwich, I couldn't even finish it all. They serve you huge portions here, so come with your appetite. Don't even get me started on the bacon; so fresh, juicy, and delicious. Overall this place just is amazing for breakfast. They have my business. Try them out!
5	If you want simple breakfast nailed to perfection, with excellent customer service, I highly recommend this place.As always, I tried to keep my expectations super low because of the hype, but honestly, it deserves the hype!It was rainy today so we got an unusual late start on the day. Worked in our favor because there was no wait when we arrived (about 1pm).Everyone there was super nice. Like, genuinely nice. We ordered coffee and the fresh squeezed honey lemonade. The lemonade was delish! They must put a ton of honey in there because you can really taste the flavor. It's so good. The coffee is great too. It's a special blend made especially for Matt's from Cave Creek roasters. For food we got the special - 3 egg scramble with andouille sausage and fontina cheese. Omg... Now you can imagine how easily it would be to screw up this dish. But it was not greasy, eggs cooked perfectly, and the HASHBROWNS WERE THE BEST I'VE EVER HAD. No seriously, how do they get those hashbrowns so crunchy?!?! The andouille sausage was nice and spicy. Great dish.It came with a side of sourdough toast and fresh house made strawberry compote. Soooo good and fresh. Compote not too sweet. Great!The waffle was light and crispy. Bacon was the real deal y'all. Thick. Crispy. And they have REAL maple syrup.So...they forgot our waffle and we had to remind them of it. No big deal at all to us. But the way they handled it, they comped the waffle and apologized over and over. Over the top customer service. Over the top.It really doesn't get any better than this for me. Simple food cooked perfectly and great customer service. And the place is adorable too. Will be back for sure!
4	Exceptional customer service, the waitress was very friendly and helpful. Delicious food!!!! All of the ingredients used are natural and of quality. They buy from local suppliers when possible. I had the Griddle Cakes, to die for! Especially when they have me handmade strawberry jam. I definitely suggest these if you love pancakes. I wish their floors would have been cleaner, but I can only imagine how hard it is to maintain them when they are extremely busy. Definitely check it out! My friends from out of town truly enjoyed it.
5	And Babe Ruth lines up to the plate and points to rafters in the outfield...and the pitch- it's hit deep-it could be- IT'S GONE! HOME RUN! My party and I arrived during the bustling Sunday brunch rush around noon and waited about 30 minutes for our table. When we arrived at our table we were greeted by a very attentive and soothing server and surrounded by a cozy yet comforting ambiance. Our server was fantastic in her suggestions on food choices and when my friend declined the toast that came with the meal, she suggested that we get it anyway as the bread is speculator. Our server was correct. The toast was thick, fluffy, and delicious with just the right amount of butter and a side of fresh in house strawberry preserve. The breakfast menu is limited to around 8 or 9 items but every dish we ordered was damn near perfection. I ordered the rib-eye and eggs and could not be more satisfied. The steak was juicy and seasoned with just enough to give a great flavor without being bland or overbearing. I will be coming back to frequent this wonderful restaurant for many a brunches to come. Well done Matt's Big Breakfast, well done!
5	Not much more really needs to be said for Matt's. The wait seemed intimidating but they have it down to system and it was hardly a wait.Food was fresh and delicious and we all enjoyed our meals. I ordered the pancakes and they are everything you hope a pancake would be.
4	Went here for breakfast and got more than I was expecting. The portions are really big and everything is delicious. I had an omelette with cheddar, mushrooms, sausage, their home fries, and wheat toast. Their home fries have a great flavor and I love that they use rosemary. My husband got the French toast special and a side of bacon. I didn't care for the sausage that came with the French toast and it didn't taste like the sausage in my omelette. I also suggest getting coffee. Their coffee is absolutely amazing!
5	The perfect breakfast spot!  This was my irate time and I'm head of heels for it. I had the special: French toast with bacon. Seriously, the best French tat I've ever had! I'm going to guess this has more than a little to do with the fresh, local made bread. Follow that up with some strawberry lemonade and this is the absolute best Saturday morning breakfast.  Oh! And if you can get there before 7:30-8am ish, you'll likely be able to snag a seat immediately. The place is small and popular, which leads to crowds, but that seems to move smoothly and quickly.
5	Amazing. Just go see for yourself.
4	First time here was on a Tuesday morning around 10:30.  I've always heard this place was busy so I thought we'd be good at this time.  We were able to be seated right away but I was still amazed on how many people were there for breakfast at this hour.  Atmosphere was a little noisy but service was quick.  The coffee was just right for my liking, and I had the scrambled eggs with salami with side of hash browns and wheat toast.  I had actually ordered the home fries but got hash browns, which was perfectly ok because they were amazing.  The strawberry jam was fantastic as well.  I'll be going back.
4	Great fresh breakfast with outstanding bacon and decent coffee. My omelet had large cuts of peppers and onions but no avocado ... Wish it had the avocado.
4	I've heard about this place from so many friends and colleagues that I had to try it for myself.  So, I head into downtown Phoenix between breakfast/lunch to grab a bite.  I got lucky and found a parking spot in front just down the street....be warned though, it's metered parking and it's an old school meter, so you need quarters & dimes.  I only had enough for 45 min, so I prayed that it wouldn't be packed inside and that I could get in/out without a parking ticket.I walked in and found a seat at the bar.  I saddled up to the counter and browsed the menu.  I ended up ordering:Five Spot Breakfast Sandwich (Eggs, Cheese, Caramelized Onions, Thick Cut Bacon) w/Hash Browns, $5.95http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/matts-big-breakfast-phoenix-2?select=BnXYQfUHaR_ajW8_Wy5oUA#BnXYQfUHaR_ajW8_Wy5oUAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/matts-big-breakfast-phoenix-2?select=Ky1EPe539GhuY-nM_9J5RA#Ky1EPe539GhuY-nM_9J5RAThe order came out fast.  I took one bite and loved it.  It was full of flavor...the Caramelized Onions really added to the taste of this Sandwich, I was impressed.  The Bacon tasted great, but was a little undercooked for my tastes...I should've known better and asked for it to be cooked crispy, especially since it was thick-cut...my bad.  It was till a great Sandwich anyway.  Except for the Caramelized Onions, it's exactly how I'd make a breakfast Sandwich.The Hash Browns were good too, went well with the Sandwich.The service was great, I was in/out in 30 min....so I had 15 min to spare on the meter.  Lunch menu looks interesting, I'll have to come back and give it a try.Return Factor - 90%
2	So the food is fine..but the "new" location eeew! Its sooooo gross!! We sat st the bar and right at the window next to us was  a homeless guy takung off his socks..then makinga drug deal..then across the st a guy jumped in the dumpster and a transient couple was making out on a tarp..came from california and was wanting to eat here..never again!! The parking scks too if you do come here the reuben looked good and strawberry lemonsde was yummy. My salad was meh..
3	I went here after an overnight shift because it was featured on Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives. I thought the food was decent and good. Not spectacular but for a dive it was fine. It is very small and can get fairly packed adding to the character. I didn't get to see Matt but would return for basic breakfast food. Visited April 2012
3	Quaint, home-style breakfast place. Visited for lunch after a hike in Papago Park. Ordered the hog n chick with a pancake for myself and a plain pancake for my daughter. The portion size was huge for the hog n chick. I got my eggs scrambled with cheese and the home fries. Both were okay, the home fries had a strong rosemary flavor. Came away from the meal $30 poorer. Could have easily gotten a similar meal at IHOP for much less.... Only difference, thick cut bacon.
4	Really good french toast and coffee was excellent. Came in on a Saturday before 0900 and waited for only 5 minutes. Staff were friendly and courteous.
5	I get the same thing every time, THE WAFFLE , so delicious and perfectly cooked. Their bacon is the best I've ever had and the service is always very friendly. Matts is an excellent breakfast spot and nothing else
5	Went back to Matt's to try another breakfast entree today.  I ordered their omelette with Wisconsin cheddar cheese and added sausage.  Killer omelette and to get it with my favorite home fries, sourdough toast and a strawberry lemonade?  I had another smile tattooed to my face walking out of Matt's this morning.  We got there around 9:45 and waited about 25 minutes for a table.  The weather was a perfect 70 degrees outside so no complaints here.  The service was top notch as always (just like the food).
5	Saw this place on diners, drive ins, and dives so when we planned our vacation to AZ we included this place. Amazing! When we first saw the menus we were a little worried as it was a bit limited. Once we got our food we knew why. Absolutely delicious!! Most definitely recommend eating here!!
5	Delicious omelets, bacon, pancakes, killer yummy home fries and hash browns, fresh squeezed orange juice!!! We went on Mon @10:30am and wait time was ~15min but Food came really fast! :)
5	Great food!
4	This place is great, food and service is very good. The wait is a bit long to be seated but well worth it.. The home fries are my favorite potatoes..
5	This is the second time I've been here, and I LOVE it!  The last time was at the old locations, and I like the new location a lot better.  It's bigger and has this hipster-feel to it.  This place would be a huge hit in Seattle or SF!Whatever you order, get the hash browns.  It tastes like buttery goodness.  I don't know what they put in it, and I don't want to know.  But it tastes like angles flying around your mouth and dropping butter on your taste buds.  Yep, that good!  And cheap too!  Every plate is under $10.  Definitely coming back!
5	Wish I  of found this place  years ago. You'd never know it from the store front but if your looking for a great breakfast look no further.  Matt's is great. The staff is accommodating, the food is amazing, and the prices are very reasonable. The quality of the ingredients is evident in every bite. Matt's takes breakfast to a new level.Matt's Big Breakfast is just that..BIG..  Matt's serves Classic breakfast food with a twist of unique combinations and freshness.On my first visit I had the salami and eggs, home style potatoes  with sourdough toast and homemade peach preserves. All I can say about the peach preserves (which is made daily at Matt's) is   AMAZINGLY ADDICTING.  Try it Your taste buds will thank you.So if you love breakfast like I do  give Matt's BIG Breakfast a try.
3	I almost didn't stay to even find out how the food was because of the rude bald guy. I don't know if he's the host or an owner or a manager...I didn't see any kind of name tag or anything. We walked in, stood there for a bit, then bald guy greeted us. We asked for a table for 2. He replied "Ok...it'll be a bit of a wait." We asked about how long. He replied "I really have no way to tell". Seriously?? I mean, restaurants of all types and sizes have been giving approximate wait times since the beginning of time. You can't give me a ballpark? 5 minutes? 5 hours?? Something??? I was parked at a meter and had already paid for an hour so I decided to wait at least a little longer since parking was paid for. Had I been in a free parking place, we would have left for sure. We sat on a bench out front behind an old guy with a big fake boob lady whose backs were facing us...he kept putting his thumb inside her panties and molesting her butthole. They continued inside the restaurant as well. I'm sure this entertainment helped us pass the time, but unfortunately they probably aren't there all the time so your wait might be more boring.Thankfully bald guy wasn't our server. We got Britney (dunno if it's spelled right, sorry!). Britney was fantastic. She was friendly (which is something I wasn't expecting because of reading other reviews while waiting for the...maybe 15-20 minutes it took for us to get a table.) She made great recommendations and was very prompt and pleasant. She is the only reason I give 3 stars instead of 1 or 2.The food was...decent. The bacon was kind of thick and floppy for my taste. I like crispy bacon, but to each his own. The special was decent, the waffle was edible but not great by any means. The hash browns were delicious and tasted like buttery mashed potatoes inside. It was stuff I'd eat again but wouldn't see myself craving and traveling across town for.
4	We came here based on good Yelp reviews. Delicious fresh and great. I am not a big breakfast fan so for me to be psyched is unusual. The restaurant is darling with exposed brick and utilitarian pendants. They moved down a block last year to accommodate the crowds.  We sat at the breakfast bar and enjoyed a fabulous breakfast. I had a cheddar omelet with mushrooms and sourdough bread. The former was cheesy and exceptional The toast was served with marvelous fresh apricot preserves. My dining mate raved about his home fries (with fresh rosemary) and the special which was a ham scramble with fresh jalapenos. Both were winner choices.    Our server was really efficient and rather mesmerizing to see her take care of dozens of people with apparent ease. Watching her whisk around, felt like I was watching a lava lamp while waiting for breakfast,I am dinging a star because the place is really loud. Also my bottom kept sliding off the half dollar size bar stools. Noticed the ASU kids didn't seem to have that problem.    We will definitely return.  Thanks Yelpers
5	This is hands down the best traditional breakfast place in the valley. My boyfriend and I are huge foodies so we have eaten at almost every breakfast place in town. Matt's has the best bacon and hash browns I've ever had. Their bacon is thick-cut, seasoned with maple and black pepper. Their hashbrowns (and probably everything else on the menu) probably have three tablespoons of butter in them, but trust me its worth it. There is usually a wait, so be prepared. But just do what we do and go there anticipating an hour wait, not when you're starving. Sip some cave creek coffee and enjoy the day while you wait. You'll be glad you did!
5	Great food...I recommend the waffles with bacon and hash browns....amazing strawberry lemonade. Went on a saturday early afternoon and only had maybe a 5 minute wait...def going again
2	I honestly dont understand what all the rave is about. Chicken sandwich was good. The omelet my husband got was average and pricey. The waitress barely checked on our table and her shorts were so short her butt cheeks were hanging out.
3	Likes.......Staff & service, fast & friendly!Simplicity of the entire place, including a small menu, but it serves it purpose w/o being overwhelming.The bacon rocks!!!! The fresh baked bread & preserves are awesome!Dislikes.....My eggs were anything but over medium. (Super runny)My home style potatoes were raw. At lest 3/4 of themwere not cooked an not edible. :(My husbands sausage patties were still visibly pinkin the middle. (Not anything that's gonna kill ya, but IMO porksausage should be cooked thoroughly.)I really think you guys have a great place, I just think maybe the cooks need to slow down a bit & get the food cooked properly. Obviously, the place is normallypacked w/ people waiting & I am sure that puts a lot of pressure on everyone. Sometimes you have to take a step back to take a step forward.
5	If you're craving breakfast food Matt's BIg Breakfast is a must. Probably the best bacon I've ever had!
5	This is it! I found it!  The one place that has the best bacon, the best hash browns, the best eggs, the best pancakes, the best maple syrup, the best toast, the best jam, and the best coffee all under one roof!!  I love Matts BB!  It has a local, relaxed vibe, the clientele is hip and  cool, and the staff is friendly and attentive.There can be quite a long wait if you decide to go during peak weekend breakfast/brunch hours, but trust me, the wait is worth every minute.When it comes to breakfast, I'm a pretty straight forward guy.  Bacon, eggs, potatoes and toast please.  And if I'm feelin' really hungry (and who are we kidding?  I'm always feelin' really hungry) i'll order a pancake for dessert.  Oh, and don't forget the coffee and OJ.  The bacon is unbelievably good; addictively good; sinfully good!  Thick, smokey, peppery, and mmmmmmmmmm, just perfect!  The hash browns are another masterpiece.  Crispy outside, tender and buttery inside.  The pancakes are delicious.  Light, fluffy, and and hot off the griddle; not dense and doughy like most diner pancakes.  You can taste the quality and freshness in every little detail.  The eggs, the toast, the jam, EVERYTHING!!the decor is simple and unpretentious.  Just one big room with a bunch of tables, a bar that seats about 8 peeps, with a TV to watch Sunday morning football, (thanks for that, Matt!!), and a little side room that seats about 6-8 people in case you have a big group.If you're ever in Phoenix, hungry, and looking for a down home place to have some down home grub with top notch quality, freshness and love for food, this is the place to be.I cant wait to go back.
5	Yum! Loved the atmosphere and menu! Was even busy on a Friday mid morning!! I can just imagine how packed the place can be on weekends. Good service, and easy parking. Got the breakfast special-scrambled eggs with spinach and sausage. Hash browns were a little different, Kinda mushy. I will be trying the country potatoes next time. Friend had the salami scramble. Also delish! And good size portions! We had left overs to take home.  Will be back for sure!
5	This is one of the best breakfast places I have been, Had two eggs with a delic ham steak, hash browns. Add fresh in house made bread with home made jam. What more could you ask for?? Everything was cooked to perfection and totally awesome!  Mayor Greg Stanton was sitting at the next table. This is one of my favorite breakfast places, I will be back!
5	A good restaurant. Always very busy.  Don't confuse the Midwest Chilli with Cincinnati Chilli.  It is not over spaghetti.
5	Matt's is my fav breakfast place ever! I live in la And want to go to phx all the time just for Matt's:) waffles are the bomb.com.  I love the scramble specials too. Wish I lived In phx!
4	Great atmosphere and service. Fresh, home cooked breakfast with house made blueberry preserves for the yummy while-wheat toast. I had the scrambled eggs with salami - the salami reminded me of our trip to France. My husband had traditional eggs and bacon. The bacon is thick and peppered. I had the famous home fries - potatoes, onions, and fresh rosemary - great flavor an huge portion. I will ask for a small side next time! I hope Yelp updates the address - they've moved a few doors down. Try out Matt's Big Breakfast next time you are downtown in Phoenix.
5	This is the kind of breakfast that you make inappropriate noises with every bite, and talk about for several days after.  The waffle, eggs & salami, fresh homemade bread with strawberry marmalade, and honey lemonade were all to die for.
3	Ok ok, this place is fine.  But it's so LOUD.  Don't expect to have an actual conversation with whoever you are dining with.  And it's a little hard to find something on the menu that doesn't have bacon.  If you're a veggie there is one option you can, but the veggie option (like for an omelet) are scarce.  However, what I did order tasted good, it's just not something I wanted to eat really, it was kinda my only option.  When I go out for breakfast I want an amazing breakfast burrito with a side of fruit, not some eggs I could have made at home.
2	Went later on Sunday and waited for 45 min for two people, very irritating...when we eventually were served the food was just..OK. I've eaten at many similar type restaurants in So. Cal, like Good Stuff, Scottys, Joe's etc. and Matts food doesn't even come close to quantity, quality or imagination to qualify the more pricey menu for such food...I saw burned hashbrowns and bacon pass me by on its way to being served...Was extremely disappointed and drove 50 miles to try....however, people are lined out the door...just not that imaginative! Come on Arizona!
5	This is by far my favorite breakfast spot in Phoenix, and I love the location. I always the waffle, with the amazing bacon. There coffee is surprisingly good as well. Whenever my wife and I try to "find" a new spot for breakfast in Phoenix, we always just end up at Matt's. It is that good.Also I work at a restaurant down the road, and we get a lot of travelers. Anytime I recommend them going to Matt's they always come back saying it was a great experience. I am glad that there is a place that I have enough confidence that no one will leave disappointed!
5	Food is as good as it gets, for sure. Matt serves the fluffiest, lightest, tastiest pancakes west of Pennsylvania, says my husband the pancake connoiseur. My poached eggs were cooked to the perfect squishiness. Aaaaaahhhhh.We plan to hit Matt's as often as were are in Phoenix in the a.m., but next time will wait for a table near the front. Our single complaint is that the rear of the restaurant is so noisy with nothing to minimize the echoing. We appreciate the "faux-industrial-chic" decor, but the sound level is too much at the rear tables.BTW, servers are stellar and beautifully trained.
4	Trip downtown for flowers. Wife had seen or someone had told her about Matt's. Wow! Did find a place to park but had about a 20 min wait. We were there fairly early on a Saturday morning and really did not expect this many people downtown for breakfast.  Decor was mostly just a large room with a small room and tables. I am one or the people that say it is pretty hard to mess up breakfast. I am pretty much an egg, bacon, toast person. But there are many things you can do to make this breakfast great. The eggs were cooked just perfect, the beacon was thick and taste, the potatoes were different from what I expected and were great, now the toast. I usually get rye toast as I did this time. Surprise it was marble rye. My favorite. This is the only place I Have ever gotten it at breakfast. My wife got the same breakfast only with sourdough and scrambled eggs. The food was very good. The service was OK. I know there was a lot of people waiting to eat. I felt rushed. When I am in the area at breakfast time I will be stopping in for a meal.
1	Never had the chance to try the food... When I asked them how long the wait would be they told me they don't give wait times.... Snooty
3	Finally made it in during a weekday, food was good but not worth the wait I see every weekend. Solid breakfast and good seemingly fresh food.Not affecting the review but I want to mention the waitress not wanting to bring back my change, assuming I'd given them a 25% tip. I was happy to tip that amount and can understand the assumption, but when I ask "where is my change" I was disappointed at the response I got back. I hate to be the guy who writes a food that's less about food, but it left a sour taste to an overhyped staple of downtown Phoenix. Better places, better service.
5	Max kudos to Matteo's for keeping it real. It's probably my favorite place to ride to on a Saturday morning. While you wait you can explore the nearby farmers market but, if your thing is sitting, they extended their outside waiting area. Once inside, I always score the special. Coffee is good too. To be frank, Matt does everything they do right. From food to service to ambiance -- Matt's always reliable.
5	One of the best breakfast we ever had. The hash brown has so much flavor that its so worth it to drive downtown just for this. dAt potato, i would recommend to anyone.
5	It took us forever to finally get our butts in seats at MBB because frankly we aren't early risers and it gets crowded. Well, we should dragged our butts out of bed! The food was great and well priced. I have always wanted to try their waffle but also felt like having an omelet and potatoes. So I had my omelet and potatoes and my fiancee got the waffle. Best of both worlds! The service was good, the ambiance is friendly, parking is easy. It's a great local spot, the kind that you take visitors to...if you can get out of bed. And you should. I have other things on the menu I need to try!
4	Never been here and the wait was about 15-20 min. Yet it was worth the wait. The menu was short and simple which I love. Very organized staff and we had a party of 4 yet we were served pretty quick even though they were very busy.  Everything was so good we all cleaned our plates. Our servers were very nice and attentive even on a fast paste environment. Definitely would recommend this place.
5	Great, friendly and beautiful staff! Food was amazing! The cheese omelett was amazing, hashbrowns to die for and freshly squeeze orange juice was amazing! Coming back soon!
3	I love the high quality food at this location but the home fries that many have cheered about lacked taste. I appreciate that the food is all natural and that they cook everything in butter, but the food is not mind blowing tasty. The staff is really friendly and the service was excellent.
4	Above average breakfast and will most likely be going back. The waffle was wonderful and the syrup was real. Fantastic thick cut bacon. One thing though it seems strange to me that biscuits and gravy is missing from the menu of a breakfast joint. Very busy place however we were seated quickly and service was quick.
5	My brother and I came from out of town and saw the reviews on yelp so decided to make the trip. Best decision ever. Great service and great atmosphere but the food put it over the top. It's hard to differentiate yourself when it comes to breakfast but Matt's makes it happen. Butcher shop bacon, perfectly cooked steak and eggs, home fries that will knock your socks off. Even the toast was off the charts. Best breakfast place I've ever been too. Well worth the drive!!!
5	OMG seriously the best breakfast in Phoenix!!  My partner Stephen and I eat here at least twice a week.  The staff is exceptional.  Nichola Drake is always our server she takes great care of us every time we come in.  She makes us laugh so hard and always goes out of our way to make our experience fabulous, love her!!!  I highly recommend this place.  Great food and awesome staff!
5	First off , never had a bad meal here. Old or new location.  The new place has the same feel , just bigger and cuter !! Still the same old hassles of downtown parking but that's the norm. We both had eggs Benedict at this visit and it was awesome.  I rarely get to visit Matt's since the wait is so long.  So given the chance to walk right in and sit down on a weekday was such a treat.  The waitress was friendly and bubbly as all of them are.  If you haven't been to the new location , go check it out.
4	Had a chance to check it out ..was very busy inside and there was a wait., but the food was good even with a limited menu. Id go again if im close by
2	It's an ok breakfast place.  The place is overhyped.  This is no different than what I can make myself.  The coffee is ok.  I was disappointed they did not offer real cream with it.  Instead, it's organic milk only.  The hash brown were mushy on the inside.  The waffle is nothing special.  If you want some quality breakfast, go to Butterfield's.
5	I was waiting for a friend to be picked up at the hospital and found this place based off their Yelp ratings. Needless to say the food was awesome but came in very generous portions as well. Service was great and it had that feel of a good old fashion breakfast diner. Highly recommended!!!
4	I've heard about this place for so long we had to try it! We got here at 10:30 and waited about 15 minutes, which is not too bad... maybe because it was a weekday? I have practically heard war stories about waiting in this line, so I was pleased. I had the griddlecakes and they were huge (like, grab a friend to help) and tasty. Real maple syrup, too! Yum! My man-panion had the Big 5 sandwich. The onions gave it a fab flavor. It was an interesting mix of soft bun, crispy onion, salty bacon and eggs. Our other brunch guest had the special of scrambled eggs, sausage, cheese and peppers. Wonderful mix of flavors, too! We thought all tasted wonderful and will make a point to come back!
1	Way overrated!!!!  1st off, u sit down and they'll have ur food to u in 2 minutes!!!! People start watching and u start to feel pressure to hurry up.  They want u in and out so they can take in new customers.  It was very odd! I couldn't even enjoy a cup of coffee. The food was below average and I mean it!! Denny's is just as good for 1/2 the price.  I got 2 eggs, greasy potatoes, bacon and toast for $12.50.  I don't mind paying or a hearty breakfast but this was far from it! I'll never be back
5	My wife, my 2 boys and myself were in Downtown Phoenix this weekend and ate at Matt's.  We now have a new favorite.Everything we ordered (Pepper Scamble, Griddlecakes, Waffle, Hog & Chick) was the best we ever had.  This place is like breakfast Heroine.  We are addicted and cannot wait to go back.
4	I enjoy cooking breakfast. But sometimes I don't want to cook, I just want to eat something delicious...and simple. There isn't much on the menu. Good food doesn't have to be complicated. My favorite breakfast here is their griddlecakes. They are like pancakes but better. Paired with their thick cut bacon (and hash browns if you're REALLY hungry) you won't be disappointed. And customer service is top-notch...EVERY time.
5	First time today at Matt's. Had the special which was andouille sausage scrambled eggs with spinach and cheese. Let me tell you it was fantastic. The homemade strawberry preserves sourdough toast delicious coffee and great service make this a must stop for those living in the downtown area. Not a long wait, service was quick and I would recommend this breakfast spot to  anybody.
5	When we first arrived, there was a long line. Fortunately, the staff is friendly and efficient, so the line went fairly quickly. Service was great, the food (griddle cakes for me, pork chop for my guy) was good and arrived soon after we ordered. The only suggestion I would make is that you don't sit at the counters. The metal stools were so slippery that we had to brace ourselves against the counter to keep from slipping off. Otherwise, I recommend the place.
5	Oh my Goodness, so amazing!Breakfast foods are some of my top favorite items to eat. The griddlecakes with sweet cream butter and real (Yes i said "REAL") maple syrup. Seriously these griddlecakes melt in your mouth. The thick-cut bacon was crispy and delicious and i dream about the breakfast potatoes with rosemary. If you are in the area, or even if you are not.....you definitely should stop at Matt's Big Breakfast!P.S. I hear the breakfast rush wait time can get a little crazy, I didn't wait in any line however I went around 1pm.
4	I love love the waffles at this place so delicious sweet and the syrup is tasty.  I've had only pleasant experience's at Matt's.  The staff is also excellent very catering to your needs.
3	Had a relatively high expectation. Got disappointed fairly quickly. Waited about 20 minutes and sat close to the entrance. No problem, no big deal. In fact, I expected us to wait before being seated. The daily special ran out right after I ordered and lot of the things were out by 11am. I understand the business is doing well but you really cannot allow things to run out more than few hours before close! Sad. So instead of the pork chop and the daily special, we opted for the waffles and the 'new - updated' daily special. I guarantee that this place is much better than Denny's. It's ludicrous to compare Matt's to Denny's. Sure it may look similar but the quality of the ingredients and the dishes themselves speak for themselves. But, to me, Matt's wasn't all that special. Perhaps all the hype and media have changed the restaurant a little bit? Who knows..
4	What a fantastic place for breakfast. Prompt service, great coffee and good food. I ordered the Five Spot and my other three family members ordered Thursday's special- Eggs Benedict. Everybody at the table was happy with their food, the waiter was courteous and we had our breakfasts on the table in very short time. We will definitely be coming back.
3	The place was packed.  The staff was friendly.  The food was huge portions,  it was ok not great.  Nothing special except the jam was really good.  We'd probably stop again if we were in the area .
3	Classic case of overhype leading to disappointment. After waiting 30 minutes to get sat, we ordered off their tiny, tiny breakfast menu.  I ordered a cheese omelet and waffle. The waffle was excellent the rest was blah. The eggs in my omelet were not scrabbled all the way so chunks of yolks kept presenting themselves and they clearly added the cheese at the last second because it wasn't melted. The home fries were greasy and had no seasoning besides rosemary. I had to cover everything in salt until I finally gave up and left the greasy mess on my plate. On the plus side my husband enjoyed his breakfast and the service was good
4	Great brunch but no alcohol!!! In any case I love their midwestern cuts of pork and excellent breakfast flavors. Busy and popular.
5	everything was sooo fresh and the service was great. Fresh organic apple juice to go with chop n chick!   crowded and I know why the food is impeccable cooked perfectly
5	They pull off the dinner, but in an upscale way. Eggs over easy with hash browns and a pork chop...basic dinner food, but better. The eggs were cooked perfectly, the hash browns were some of the best that I have ever had, and the pork chop was flavorful. The toast, that I put under my eggs came with homemade strawberry jam so I ordered a second order just so I could try it...and it too was great. Their prices are only slightly higher than a dinner. The atmosphere was done very modern but with a salute to an old school dinner. I actually came straight from PHX airport and got there before the crowd. I heard my waitress talking to someone else and she said the "wait" usually starts around 8:30 am. By the time I left, they were on a wait.
4	Ok, I've seen all the positive reviews on Matt's Big Breakfast and had to try it out.  I've never been to the original location, so this was my first time eating here.  At first I have to admit I thought that this just might be a lot of hype.  Just another downtown hipster joint with over priced food.  Man I was way off when I saw the menu and eventually received our food.I ordered the breakfast sandwich and the wife ordered the waffle and bacon.  Man both were really really good.  The bun for the sandwich tasted like it was freshly made, and the bacon was great.  I ordered it without onions, and sadly didn't order the home fries so I'll try that next time.  I tasted the waffle and it was fantastic along with the thick cut bacon.  The syrup was very tasty and real butter was a nice touch.  Even their coffee was good.  We had great service and were lucky enough to get seated right away.  I really enjoyed our breakfast and for 2 it was right around $20 bucks.  I'm not a real big fan of eating out for breakfast so for me to give a breakfast place a high rating is something to say.  I'm glad I finally tried out Matt's.
4	I'm not a huge fan of breakfast food.  But I got breakfast here just for you~~  :PSo I can see why a lot of reviewers said to go for the home fries.  The hash browns looked fine, perfectly golden on the top, exactly the way I prefer it.  However, I'm pretty sure there weren't the additional flavorings like the rosemary and onions in that~!  The home fries had great flavor AND they cooked crispy on at least one of the sides of each piece.  Absolutely one of the best breakfast potatoes I've ever had.I got the special of the day which was 3 eggs scrambled with ham off the bone, anaheim chili peppers, and cheese with a side of tortilla.  It was delicious.  Good char on the tortilla too.  It was very slightly underdone, but I actually prefer that over the risk of overdone eggs.I guess the one thing that detracted from the place was the limited menu.  They don't really serve any alcoholic beverages (which is actually a bit refreshing), and some common breakfast items are not on the menu (ie biscuits and gravy, french toast).  But hey, if I can pick anything off their menu and it will be equally delicious, I would always come back!
5	This place is amazing....the food is delicious and quick...worth the wait all though they said about 1/2 an hour we got seated in 20 mins...the staff is super friendly even though it's really slammed....I got the five spot best egg sandwich I have had in a long time...the organic apple juice is great as well as the strawberry honey lemonade....come down to matts big breakfast :)
3	I love the food bacon was amazing!Pancakes weren't fluffy or that good. :(BUT hate the noise!!!!!You can even hear yourself eat. It was crowded and everyone was talking, it got so deafing you couldn't enjoy your meal. They need to do something about the acoustics in the restaurant.
5	Not only is this one of my favorite breakfast spots in Phoenix, it's probably one of the most recommended ones I tell everyone to go to when they have family/friends in town. My wife and I usually get the 5 Spot, this delicious breakfast sandwich that I could easily eat every day. Then we'll typically get the special and split that, so we're always trying something new and the special has never let us down yet. I wish I could say some of the specials we ordered but I'm bad at remembering things. Yes there can be a wait, but it's always nice out in the morning, they have a great outdoor seating area and your in an awesome part of Downtown Phoenix. If it's Saturday morning you can even walk over to the Public Market and grab some fresh produce or goods of your own. Once inside, service is fast, almost too fast. I'm always surprised at how fast they bring out the food. They have these small coffee mugs but they never get empty because staff is always checking on you. It gets a little loud inside but we're always able to keep up great conversation with our table of 5 or 6. So great food, atmosphere, neighborhood and a spot we'll always be going to!
5	Matt's is always really good. You won't be disappointed with anything you order. The quality of ingredients is above that of most places and the service is very attentive. If you're a fan of a really good breakfast, Matt's is one of he best in the country.
3	Went here after everyone I know in phx recommended it. Space. Felt very temporary and cold.  But that doesn't effect the review.  I'm assuming maybe it is?Service.  Solid.  Was greeted by friendly staff and the server was nice and helpful. Food. Got the chop and eggs.  Eggs are eggs.  They were good.  And I liked my cottage cheese, but it probably came from a tub so whatever.  Hash brown was great, super tasty.  Chop. No flavor. Unseasoned.  Bland to the point that I had to cover with ketchup,  which is a shame BC I'm sure they get great product.  Wife got the waffle.  Super good.Anyways.  3 stars BC its good not great.  Nothing I would go out of my way to come back for.  But if someone asked me for a solid breakfast spot I'd still recommend.
1	Where do I start? Well to be clear, I never actually ate here...unless you count my stomach eating itself from utter and total starvation! Coming all the way to Matts was a stretch for us, living on the west side and having a breakfast place we already love. But...we had heard great things and wanted to check it out. MISTAKE one. We called and were told there wasn't much of a wait. We arrived and were told it should be pretty quick. I think that's the point where they realized we had kids. This place HATES kids. MISTAKE two.We waited for 90 minutes! We watched parties come after us, get seated and leave while we were waiting outside. And these were parties of ALL sizes. They even LIED to us and said we were next and sat a party of the exact same size that arrived 20 minutes after us. We left and went around the corner to the Phoenix Public Market. I doubt that the food here could be good enough to put up with their complete and total bullshit.
5	Best breakfast place in the greater Phoenix area! The problem with most places that have high reviews is that they don't live up to the hype and your expectations are too high. That being said, I went to Matt's with high expectations and they exceeded them. I think a lot of breakfast is bland and similar to other places, but not Matt's. Sure, it's busy all the time...that's because it's good. Sure, it's loud...that's because it's busy. Service is good. I love sitting at the breakfast bar because the service is even better. My favorite dish is the salami scramble with added jalapenos. Waffle is the best I've tasted. Hash browns are up there with the best i've tasted. Hell, even their jelly is better. I've been here about 10 times and never left dissatisfied. Only tip would be to get there early. After about 8:30 it really starts to pick up, at least on the weekends.
5	I came here with my friends, on my last day of vacation before heading back to Chicago, and I must say I came to the best brunch place downtown. The homefries are delicious and though I'm not a bacon eater, their thick cut bacon was awesome! I'll definitely come back here!
3	We stopped here on the road home to Austin.  We try to eat gluten free which was kinda hard for me as a vegetarian. So, I went for the waffles, which comes with bacon, and they would not let me substitute it for eggs. So I had to buy eggs on top which was kinda weird.  They also tried to sit my husband and I at a two top table with our toddler and infant.  I'm sure you can imagine how crazy it was trying to eat with our drinks, etc... For four people on a two top.  They did eventually let us add a second two top, but I was already feeling anxiety from the logistics of juggling the situation that it was hard to enjoy my food when it came.  The food was AWESOME.  Three rating for the logistical issues.
5	Was visiting Arizona and asked where would be a decent place to eat. When I first found this place it didn't appear to be a hot place. Appearances can be deceiving. I have had some great food in my travels. But this was the best overall experience I had. I ordered a regular breakfast and had pancakes on the side and of course an RC cola. The wait staff was attentive and very friendly. So friendly that I felt like a regular. The place was packed with customers but the wait staff worked as if it were not an issue. My food arrived hot and quick. It was absolutely delicious. I would personally recommend matts big breakfast to anyone. I will be returning when I visit arizona in future.
5	Its been a long time since my last visit to Matt's.  I used to make the pilgrimage pretty regularly to their old location, but hadn't taken in the new place.  Boy, what an upgrade.  Their old place was essentially a shack that (somehow) managed to cram about 20 people inside.  It was a cool place and was unique to the neighborhood, but it was really crowded inside and the wait times could be epic.  The new place is roomier, can seat twice as many patrons, and feels much more like a neighborhood restaurant than a corner hole in the wall.  The wait outside can still be long at times, but at least now you won't feel as cramped inside as you do waiting in line.Not wanting to wait in line, but wanting a hearty breakfast, I came here at about 7am on a Saturday.  Just came by myself and grabbed a stool.  My server told me its usually just after 8am on Saturday that it gets busy and the lines start to form.  So my timing was perfect.  Even at 7am the place was a little over half full, but no wait time.  The patrons I saw ran the gambit from families with kids, to ASU Downtown students, to workers in suits, to neighborhood artists.  Similar to what I remembered at Matt's old place.For my meal, I went with the Salami Scramble.  Molinari salami mixed with scrambled eggs and accompanied by toast with homemade strawberry preserves and hash browns (you can substitute home fries if you want).  To wash it all down I went with their fresh squeezed lemonade mixed with honey.  Unusual drink mixing the sweetness of the honey with the acidic taste of the lemonade, but very good.  The scramble was incredible as the salami had just the right amount of kick, wasn't oily and they didn't skimp on the salami portions.  The strawberry preserves tasted very fresh and accompanied the sourdough toast perfectly.Total cost for the scramble and sides, lemonade, tax, and tip was $15.  Good deal given the hearty portions I received in return.  The server was very friendly and the staff were all alert, attentive, and in good spirits even this early on a Saturday morning.As with their old location, the detractors would probably tell you the biggest negative about this place is the wait.  Even now that they have a new location twice as big as the old one, the wait can still get long.  Take it from the waitress I talked to, get here before 8am if you can.  I did and was in and out in 30 minutes.  Matt's has a following for a good reason.  Great portions of hearty, locally sourced food at reasonable prices.  A legion of fans will tell you its worth the wait.  Count me among them.
5	Such a great breakfast!!  Wait was a little long.  Not sure I can say the wait was totally worth it but I loved the food!  Waffle was great!!
5	First tried this lovely little breakfast joint about two years, and have been dying to come back! It usually ends up that I'm in a different part of town or in the neighborhood after Matt's is closed. Absolutely delicious breakfasts! And huge! In a nicely decorated downtown space! The service is on the ball - but you almost feel a little hurried. Still, an undeniably fantastic breakfast! I would rank Matt's in my Top 5 Breakfasts of All Time (yes, I am that serious about breakfast).
5	Wow this is good breakfast food! I am so impressed with the food scene in Phoenix, it really could rival Philly or New York pretty soon. So I got the strawberry honey lemonade (divine!), pancakes (HUGE for 1 order- my boyfriend and I could have split one order, live and learn) and hash browns. I was so full I barely touched the hash browns and could not remember why I ordered them- I felt I needed them, for some reason. But they come in the shape of a pizza slice with a crunchy outer crust. Matt's Little Breakfast it certainly was not but we were thrilled to discover this place in our quest for pancakes!
5	I've been to a number of places featured on DDD - some live up to the hype, others disappoint.  Matt's did not disappoint!  My Belgian Waffle was topped with a mound of delicious sweet cream butter.  When it melted together with the pure maple syrup on my fork full of waffle, I  reached breakfast Nirvana!  The hash browns were the best I've had in recent memory.  Clearly fried in lots of butter.  The outside perfectly crisp, and the inside was soft, buttery potato perfection.My companions had a cheese omelet and pastrami scramble  I tried them both and they too were outstanding!  The mixed berry jam was wonderful.  The Chef (owner?) stopped by our table and explained she makes it weekly from whatever berries are available. Service was outstanding and all the workers seemed to be having a great time, which made the visit even more enjoyable.A big tip-o-the cap to everyone at Matt's.  If I lived in Phoenix I would be a regular!
3	stopped in today with some friends for lunch and got the scrambled eggs with hash browns, cheese, and sausage.  The hash browns were cooked awesome and the sausage was amazing.  The place is kinda small, and VERY loud (it was pretty busy).  It also has a whole "hippie" feel going on which was a little weird, but i didn't care, the food was good and Our waitress (and almost all the others) were hot!
5	Ive always been afraid to come here because of the wait. I finally said screw it since we didn't have any plans so we might as well wait.I ordered the pancakes with a side of bacon and my wife and daughter shared some eggs with hashbrowns and my picky grandma got a cheese omelette. The pancakes are great but just like any other breakfast place you never get enough butter and syrup. The bacon was the BEST ever and everybody really liked the hasbrowns. you could go eat just the bacon and be happy and leave oh and they strawberry lemonade was really good also. would love to come back.
5	We make this a destination for our family as much as we can! The waffles are superb! And the omelets come the size of your face! And you wish you could have more (despite your overstuffed stomach).
5	I've been hearing about this Phoenix institution for years and finally, on vacation, got to go. It lives up to its excellent reputation. I had the Salami Scramble, my son had the Chop & Chick. Both were superb. Service was quick and very friendly. Food fresh and delicious. Highly recommended.
5	Just about the best waffle and bacon I've ever had... Wow! Excellent coffee and service too.
2	Salami scramble - I tried to remove all the salami after I tasted rancid fat, but the rancid taste was also on the overcooked eggs. So I tried to eat the hash browns. They couldn't be cut, chopped or broken with fork or knife, but I managed to spear the entire brick and gnaw chunks off. I felt my teeth did some manly, brutish work.
5	I really enjoy this breakfast restaurant... That during my one week vacation, I stop here 3 times!!! Order the hog and chick generously portion eggs, hash browns and oh yeah the XXL bacon which is worth the sometimes long wait, but hey there's water outside to cool you down during the Phoenix dry heat... Staff were also very helpful and with a great attitude at all times
1	My boyfriend, his mother and I stopped in at the airport location an hour before we were to board our flight. We arrived at 10:15 and promptly ordered mimosas and breakfast from our waitress, Amber. Ten minutes later we received our mimosas. 45 minutes later, every single table around us, including the 5 that walked in a considerable amount of time after we did, all had their food. At this point, we have to board our plane in 5 minutes so we track down our waitress, because it had been quite a while since she had checked on us, and asked her if we can just get it to go and please get the check. She walks straight to the pos and gets our check, waits for us to pay for the meal and then sends the manager to let us know that they cannot find our check. Stop...so we just paid $77 for food that we aren't going to get? Owner assured us he will "make it right". Absolute worst experience I have EVER had at a restaurant. If their food is anything like their service, they won't last!
5	If you like waffles at all, then you have to come here. The waffle is like no other waffle I've ever had. The real maple syrup and heaping of butter don't hurt either. The side of bacon is always perfectly cooked, and balances out the sweetness of the waffle.  The hash browns, lemonade, and fresh jam are also must-haves. sure, the wait sucks but if you stick it out the food is well worth it!
5	Best breakfast in town. Be ready to wait almost any time. Better towards closing time at 2:30. They use local ingredients. Yummy waffle with huge piece of bacon is the best.
2	Unclear what all the fuss is about. I certainly wouldn't stand in line for this place. There was nothing too interesting on the menu. I had pancakes. They were fair. Wouldn't get them again. The server at the counter was very pleasant and efficient.
4	Ok, I am still dreaming about the fluffy, buttery pancakes I had during my last trip to AZ during Spring Training. Drooling now, as I think about it. Besides the pancakes, everything else is pretty spot on. The chick and chop - delicious, tender, subtle herb seasoning pork chop w/ eggs on the side. The hashbrowns? Off the hook! Buttery and crispy. Bacon? OMG. Perfectly shaped, and wonderfully crisp. And the service, for being as busy as it is, they make you feel right at home. Sure, the manager checks in with you towards the end, so she can gauge when you will leave the table, but it still felt genuine. Made us feel right at home, like a regular "veteran" - despite really only visiting once a year on our Spring Training trips. See you next year, Matt. See you soon (but not soon enough).
3	Good but not great like I heard it was, pork didn't have much flavor at all, waffles were pretty good though
4	After a late incoming flight and not much sleep, I woke up hungry and needing caffeine in the worst possible way. When my sister woke up we began exploring breakfast options before heading out for a hike. She mentioned this place and a few others but this one was the only one I had Bookmarked on Yelp and I'd really hate to waste all my research time. So we loaded up and arrived around 9am and there was already a 30-minute wait--ordinarily I would've gone elsewhere but I was on vacation and the weather was perfect so we just chilled. Almost 30-minutes to the T we sat down and ordered our repast. Coffee- I thought it was pretty standard diner coffee; nothing good but nothing great. Apparently they sell bags of it to take home if you really find yourself enamored with it. 3*Bacon- Pretty amazing tasting bacon--might be the best I've had at a breakfast place. It's thick-cut and loaded with pepper and you can tell it's high quality stuff. 5*Sausage Patties- Pretty good homemade sausage patties that had some nice spice to them. 3.75*Waffle- My sister jocks their Waffle pretty hard and after having a taste I can see why. It's light, crisp and has a terrific Buttermilk flavor. She eats it without syrup (heresy, I know), but I can see why.  4.5*The Chop and Chick- This breakfast comprised of two Eggs over-medium, bone-in Pork Chop, Country Potatoes and Sourdough toast. The eggs were cooked perfectly; the potatoes were great and I really liked the Rosemary they put with them; the Sourdough was hearty, but nowhere on the level of SF Sourdough; and the Pork Chop was cooked well and left a bit pink--the way pork should be. My only qualm was that everything was served with very little to no salt on it; which is fine, I suppose, because I'd rather it be under than over. 4*Blueberry Jam- This came with the Sourdough Toast and it really deserves its own special category because Matt's really outdoes themselves with it. Maybe the best blueberry jam I've ever had--not too sweet and tremendous blueberry flavor. 5*Service & Ambiance- Really good and friendly service that kept my coffee cup full and checked on us frequently. Matt's looks a lot bigger inside than does outside and has a modern-industrial feel to it. 4*Value- Everything is very reasonably priced as none of our dishes cost more than $10; compared to the Bay Area this is an outstanding value. 5*Matt's is a terrific Diner that offers top quality food; fast and good service; and is value priced. I'd probably rate it at a solid 4.5-stars but I'll round it down to four because the underseasoned breakfast was a bit annoying. Other than that it's highly recommended if you're in the Downtown Phoenix area!
5	I had heard how amazing this place was and had been avoiding it because it often has a very long wait. We decided to try it on my birthday for breakfast and was so glad that we did! We got seated right away and they served us a great cup of coffee quickly. They also had eggs Benedict as the special that day, which is my favorite! It was wonderful! The service and food was great. I cannot wait to go back!!
5	The food was so delicious. Servers came by a bit too much, so it was slightly overwhelming.
5	This place is amazing!! Anytime my husband and I talk about going to breakfast Matt's comes to mind.  The food as always been on spot... very fresh, cooked perfectly and very tasty! The orange juice is freshly squeezed and they always have homemade jam and one different flavor for the day, the blueberry is outstanding! The pancakes are the best I have ever had in my life, fluffy and melt in your mouth! The portions are big, so be ready to eat.  The price's are a bit higher than most, but your getting local, organic ingredients that are cooked to perfection!!  The service is great and the staff is very friendly.  I would have to say, the only downfall to Matt's is the location, it is pretty small (but bigger than the last location they had) and the parking is extremely minimal! There have been a few times the wait is pretty long, but WELL WORTH IT!!  They do have a lunch menu (opened till 2pm) but we have not tried the other menu items, although it is on our to-do list...its always the breakfast for us! I highly recommend Matt's, get down there and be ready to grub!
3	the food was very good but it taste nothing more than the usual! i heard the bacon is pretty good but i wouldn't know... hard to find parking at times and get very packed/
5	Big Portions.  Come hungry.  Leave satisfied and fat.  Food quality is top notch and you MUST try the bacon.  Peppery, thick cut, and just as good as bacon gets. I had the special (which was eggs benedict). Sauce is a little on the sweet side but really very good.  No shortcomings here.  Great place for high-energy, busy breakfasting to get your a$$ going!
4	Another Yelp score for me. I stayed downtown and did a search. It wasn't far from the hotel so we walked over. The area was not looking like there'd be a highly rated food place but bang, there it was. Nothing overly fancy from the outside but man the food does not disappoint. There's a decent selection on the menu and the prices are very reasonable.  No matter what you order, try the thick cut bacon. It's excellent.
4	It had been a very long time since I had been to Matt's Big Breakfast. It had been since the other building, when to use the bathroom you went in a room in the motel next door (very creepy, but hey it added character). While I do appreciate a more normal bathroom situation there is just something about the new location that leaves me missing the old. That is why I only gave it 4 instead of 5 stars, maybe I'm too nostalgic.I can saw however, the wait time is greatly reduced by having the additional tables. I do also feel that the service is reduced by the addition of the tables. My husband had ordered the three egg special but it came out 10 minutes before my plate of food. I had ordered the ruben which was also very good but I asked for extra thousand island that never came. My cup sat empty waiting for more iced tea for the greater part of our meal. I will still always love Matt's Big Breakfast but it's just not the same.
4	As good as advertised.  Go it alone if you want to avoid the lines.  I walked in, signed up on the list and was seated in 2 minutes.  Food took about 15, but it was nicely prepared.  I'll come back.
4	Love live love the omelette with ham, American cheese and onion.  Also their homemade jam is awesome.  The only draw back is it is a bit loud.
2	OK, maybe I was a bit premature giving a rating after one visit.  Went back the next day.  Got there before 8.  Place was nearly empty.  Ordered hog and chick.  Not nearly as good as previous.  Bacon was burned and hash browns were greasy and dark brown.  Needed a knife to cut a piece out.  Servers and cooks spent much time chatting.  On my first visit the place was packed, but food and service were excellent.  Maybe they work better under pressure?
2	I don't understand what the hype is all about. The wait is always long, the service is slow. The bacon tastes good but is severely undercooked. The waffles taste like cardboard. The prices on the website don't match in store menu prices.
4	One of those places where "nobody goes there anymore" because "it's too busy". Classic.Waiting around for a table and ordered right away. servers were all very busy so a coffee refill and getting the check was a bit tricky but the food made it totally worth it.
5	Matt's is the perfect breakfast place. The menu is simple with only about ten dishes and they have a daily special that is always good. I sat at the bar area and the waitress there was really nice and even offered to put my milk in the fridge so it would still be cold when the food came out. It's a small place,so there will be a wait,but its well worth it.
4	Food was great!!!
5	Yes, sometimes you have to wait in a long line. No, the line isn't that long if you don't come on a weekend (like everyone else does).  Yes, get whatever special they have on the board for the day. And damn well better get 2 or 3 glasses of that fresh squeezed OJ. All the waiting is worth just that alone.
5	I wish this place was closer. I would spend every penny in my pocket eating their fluffy pancakes and die happily. Real maple syrup makes the biggest difference!!!!
5	Fast and friendly service. Food is amazing and Fresh. I like going out of my comfort zone and ordering the special. I've never been disapointed and I can't wait to go again.
5	This place is hands down amazing! First time there and I will definitely be coming back. :) friendly staff, fast service and very comfortable setting. Their menu is simple which I loved! Their ingredients are top ingredients. Don't even know where to start..... My absolute fav was the waffles! So amazingly tasty! Their home fries are so delicious. My dish came with toast so I got wheat toast, it was so delicious and it comes with butter and jelly theee best!! And to top it off the bacon is oh so yummy ;) Wish they had a location in the LA area. Love this spot!
4	I heard about this place not to long ago and decided to give it a try.It was packed, so the wait was pretty long but it worth it.The fresh squeeze OJ is awesome but be ready to drink some thick pulp. I like it but I'm sure it can be a shock for the american taste of the shitty artificial juice that they have us so used to.The waffle was pretty good. The bacon was crisp and full of flavor.I ordered eggs with the rosemary fries and bacon. Those fries worth the trip!Cheers!PS Great service
5	Get take out or go late in the morning to avoid the long wait. Aside from that, this was the best breakfast I've ever had. Period. The pancakes were perfect. I didn't know pancakes could be this good. The bacon and hashbrowns were equally amazing. You might ask, how can you improve upon bacon, hashbrowns, and pancakes?  A fair question. The answer is, go try it and find out, you slacker.
4	Always and I mean always yummmmm! Service fast and friendly. Local,organic market fresh foods! Bacon big flavor.
5	My friend read some great reviews so myself and 3 friends just went today.  Had the special it was great cool atmosphere great service,  very attentive. .. A must go if you want good scratch cooking breakfast. ..
5	When you are in the presence of greatness- you pay! Monetarily and, lines if you arrive after they open at 6:30 or on weekends- but it is well worth it.Coffee- yum and refilled regularly. I have been to Matt's 3x in the 4 mornings I was in Phoenix and this place is ALL American Awesomeness!!!!!!!!!Looking like a deserty, Route 66 style spot, with tables well spread apart- I ate the pancakes, chop and chick and an omelette. WOW! They use lots of local stuff and it tastes amazing. Standouts are everything- the Iowa chop was particulary lovely and what tastes better with a cheesey baconey, mushroomey omelette than sour dough toast with homemade jam- blueberry and strawberry. This food tastes exactly like it should made with lots of love and All American Authenticity. One of the greats!
5	Hidden gem downtown Phoenix.  Service was fast & friendly, and the pancakes fluffy & perfect for soaking up butter and syrup.  And it's a great deal to boot.  Love this place.
5	In a word...Magical.  The best breakfast you'll ever have.  Homemade breads, sausage (cherry & bourbon was the special one day)...   Ate breakfast everyday of our trip.  Had heard about it from DDD and after all these years business sent us out there.  You know when you work up a place in your head to be great....this place exceeded expectations.  Great staff, friendly, amazing food.   ENJOY!  -  Mal from NJ
4	There are limited menu options but what you are offered should satisfy anyones cravings.  Food tastes fresh.  I was there for breakfast and I had the waffle and bacon.  I wish there was a turkey bacon/sausage option.  Expect to wait as this place was buzzing with people.  When we were seated the food came out quick enough.
5	Was in town for work. Saw this place on DDD and went on the way to the airport. Awesome food. Had the special- chicken sausage scramble with hash browns. Both excellent. Best meal of my trip here. Will definitely be back.
4	Big. Awesome. Delicious.Stopped in here for breakfast one morning while in Phoenix.My other half had the blackboard special of Chorizo Sausage and Jalapeno Omelet with potatoes and a flour tortilla. It was big, awesome  and delicious. It was so big, she couldn't finish it.I had the stack of pancakes with a side of sunnyside up eggs and ham off the bone. It was big, awesome and delicious. And I finished it all off because I'm a gavone.Service was attentive. Whenever you need a coffee refill, BAM, it was refilled. Nice.The only thing that was odd, to me anyway, was that the pancakes came served on a hot plate (Ruth Chris Steakhouse style) and the maple syrup was also heated up.Other than that, breakfast was Big. Awesome. And Delicious.
5	Completely worth the wait. Great food, great service and you will leave full.Everything on the menu is delicious.
5	Get the special. It is always good. The wait to get into here can be long but it is worth the wait.
5	My bacon came from the pig in back, the rosemary in the breakfast potatoes came fresh from a garden in back right next to the chicken coop that layed the eggs that went into the waffle mix.....at least in my mind, because that's how fresh all of the ingredients tasted.
4	If you like breakfast, and you want to flavorgasms as you eat, this is the place for you. I got the salami scramble which is three scrambled eggs with molinari sopressata salami, and I got the side of hash browns and toast. (Potato side and toast comes with all egg meals) I never would have thought of salami in the eggs, but it was the perfect complement with the peppery taste it packed. That being said, the eggs themselves were extremely tasty and could have been eaten plain. Coffee was hot, fresh and taste good. The toast was Texas sized toast and they had quite possibly the best strawberry preserves I've had in years, if not ever. Service was fantastic; my only negative that is keeping this from being 5 stars is the hash browns.  I'm not complaining about them, but they weren't on par with the great quality of everything else at Matt's. I highly recommend this place, but the wait can be long depending what day and time you get there (this place is loved by the locals) we got there at 815am on a Sunday and were seated immediately (the last available table)
4	When we got there (around 8:15 on a Sunday morning), we were seated right away. I ordered the cheese omelet (scrambled) with mushrooms, peppers, cheddar cheese & hash browns and white toast. The portion size was huge .. Looked like way more than 3 eggs. The eggs were really tasty as were the hash browns & strawberry preserves that was served with the toast. If I order the same thing again, I would leave the mushrooms & bell peppers off ($1 extra for each) b/c I didn't think it really needed them. The service was good & we took our ticket up to the counter to pay which made it easy. It was getting a lot busier by the time we were leaving so I'd definitely keep that in mind as well!
4	Great spot to go to for breakfast! The service was great and the food tasted really good.
5	First time here .. we made a reservation because our friend graduated ASU .. so we got in immediately but was packed .. had chili at a breakfast place was hesitant but was blown away how good it was ! All friends had breakfast items and everyone loved everything ... thick cut bread for toast and sandwhiches, thick cut peppered bacon , and huge pancakes and waffles.. yum! Try there honey lemonade made fresh with local ingrediants!!
2	Not worth the hype.  They hand you menus as soon as you put your name in, as soon as you rear end hits the chair the waitstaff is demanding your order.  After your food has been served you practically have to jump up and down to get any attention.  Food was mediocre at best  and luke warm by the time it got to us.  Not one of the 3 would ever go back
5	So good!  You will wait to get in, but you'll want to spend at least as much time savoring each bite of your meal.  Everything's super fresh, the coffee tastes great, the staff's super quick and friendly.  What more can I say!  I ordered the Belgian Waffle on a whim and it was light, sweet and perfectly filling.  I totally missed the specials on the board, but I'm using that as an excuse to get back in there for another breakfast--like, really soon!
4	A small local restaurant with excellent service and food.  I was seated at a window seat immediately and was promptly served.  The hog and chick was delicious.  Worth a visit if you are staying in the downtown area.
5	Love this place. Love this place. Let's talk about the bread and jam. It is to die for. I could eat that as my meal. But every time I go I order something new and it is great. I would recommend everything on the menu. I'm really happy that the moved to a bigger location because I use to wait in line for this food. This is a must go.
1	Service was fast and friendly.    Food was just mediocre and not a big selection of choices.  Not seasoned well.  Major complaint was we ask for sausage on the side and they refused.   Not good customer service.
4	Decided to come here after I saw that Guy Fieri loved the Chop and Chick. We ordered the Chop and Chick with home fries and asked for the strawberry preserves with the toast...yum! The chop was flavorful and eggs cooked perfectly! The honey lemonades are a must! We also got the griddle cakes and they were the best pancakes I have ever had! Moist and perfect! There was a wait but for good reason! Everything was delicious!
4	Love the food. Love the staff. Hate the wait. Only solution for us is to try to hit it at an off time. Good luck. The bacon is superb and the rosemary potatoes are a can't miss. Everything else, including the vaunted pork chops, are good, but hardly off the chart. I get the charm thing, but it's breakfast and I'm hungry. Find me a seat.
5	Sooo good!! Had the eggs Benedict and it was amazing! Came here for breakfast and it was a great environment for the group and kids. Great coffee too!
5	This joint earns a strong five stars, and I am so lucky it is just down the street from me.  My first time was today, and on the walk back I actually considered the budget of eating there DAILY.  Could this be done?  Hmm.  I recommend this to everyone - locals and tourists!I heard the crowds were bad - notsomuch.  I found two seats at the bar right when I walked in at around 9am on a Friday morning.  The waitress was cheerful and energetic.  I ordered the hog and chick ... phenomenal bacon.  I want to try the lemonade next time I'm there.  The guy next to me at the bar kept going on and on about how amazing it was.  Like almost sexually.
4	so great!!!! we did have a bit of a wait but it was so worth it!  The stand out was definitely the bread and homemade preserves.  I could eat that from here every day.  Amazing.We all got omelettes and while they were the perfect size and very tasty, could've used more cheese!
3	Not as good as it once was. The food is good and the service is nice and friendly but I think the food is not as good as it once was.  I use to love fighting the crowds to eat here.  I still like the place but I have had better in the past.
2	Are the hash browns supposed to be almost raw in the middle and taste kind of fishy?  Everything else was okay but those hash browns needed some serious help.  I think this movie on tv right now called "Big Miracle" is better.
5	We are breakfast at the airport location.  Great service and quality food.  We ordered The Five Spot and the Hog & Chick.  Bacon was excellent.  Just simple great quality food with a smile.
5	Okay so there was a wait to get into this place but damn if it isn't worth it!  Omg! Amazing homemade food.. The bread is homemade, the eggs are free range, and the bacon is nice and thick! I'm in love! Definitely coming back to this place.. They serve a big enough portion to fill you up and finish it all!
5	We came here when I was 9 months pregnant, that was an excellent choice. The orange juice was great, and so was our food! The pancakes were amazing, I kept stealing them from my husband. Will definitely come back!
4	We recently visited Matt's for breakfast. We were seated at the counter and the food came out quickly and was fantastic. However, our waitress was less than stellar.  She gave us our food and ignored us the rest of the time.  The thing that really bothered us was that she and another server were talking about their customers.  Basically, right next to where we were sitting.  How unprofessional can you be?  I loved the food ,but I am not sure if I will return based on the behavior of the servers.
4	Long wait, but very good food! All four of my group got different things and loved their breakfast! Plus, they have RC Cola, instead of.......ya know!....
1	I used to fly over 100 flights a year for my work all over the USA and I love breakfast. I have been in PHX many times but usually working in a suburb so I had never been to Matts. I just moved to a suburb of Phoenix and was really looking forward to eating at Matts. First the bad, and then the good. The bacon was not even close to being cooked / half raw and I sent it back. By the time the bacon came back I was almost done eating. The worst part was the amount of oil in my plate. It had to be almost an 1/8 of a cup of oil. It took 3 .... (yes 3) napkins to soak up the excess oil on the potatoes and eggs. I am not a health nut, but this was ridiculous.Now for the good. I came in at 1:45 PM and was seated / waited on in a very timely manner. Service was good and the food came out quickly ...... too quickly given the bacon was not cooked. The potatoes were hot and well seasoned, the eggs were cooked correctly but lots of oil too. The toast was very good, but only one thick piece.I mentioned it was my first visit when I ordered and the waitress asked how my breakfast was as I was paying. I told her "I have never seen that much oil on a plate and as you know they bacon was almost raw" ......  and that is why it took so long for it to come out the second time ....... her reply was at least it is olive oil.
5	Awesome place!  Close to the airport. Good food with great service.  The whole family enjoyed it.
5	This place is hip and serves large portions of fresh organic food. The service is speedy and the servers are sweet. All the food we ordered was on point. Can't go wrong with the Home fries, but these are extra tasty. I got the breakfast sandwich. The bread was great. My dad got the eggs Benedict. It was a lot of food and he couldn't finish it and he always finishes breakfast. I watched at least 4 people take selfies in here in a span of 45 minutes.
5	Fantastic breakfast place! Very trendy. The restaurant was very busy when I came in snuck in at the counter. Service was stellar. I had the waffle with bacon. I would highly recommend it. Will be back for sure.
4	Great waffles, buttery & fluffy. Awesome syrup too. Bacon was perfectly crisp, and even had a nice amount of grease on the strips to add some moist texture. Honey lemonade was very refreshing. Great little place for a simple, well done, breakfast menu.
5	If I died and had one last meal, it'd be breakfast from Matt's (note: I'm born and raised in the Midwest & know what great breakfast really is). I was a regular at Matt's for four years and not enough great things can be said about the owners, the staff, and the food. If you don't have patience issues and can withstand a short 15-30 minute wait, do yourself a favor and stop in for the Hog & Chick and a hot coffee. The hash-browns are some of the best you'll ever have and the bacon is thick-cut, peppery excellence. If you don't enjoy your food or your experience, send me a message and I'll reimburse you. I'm not kidding.
2	I checked out this place a couple years ago and was not impressed.  I came back today since they relocated and still not impressed.  The waitress was not very friendly,  the hasbrowns were soaked in butter, if you love butter you will love it.  The coffee and homemade jam were both good.  None of the wait staff seemed happy to be there.  They really needed someone at the door directing people.
1	Well where do I start, I guess what made me decide to NEVER go to matts again was on June 29th at 8 am, My roommate and I get there before the big rush, sign up on their yellow note pad that we want a seat: check! Now we wait annnnd wait and wait, we start to notice customers coming in after us and signing up, then a regular at matts, well of course the regular their gets seated first we thought naww understandable its a regular! But soon our anger and frustration grew when customers after us that all were in 2's were being seated before by the oblivious waiter who seemed to ignore us and our name we finally stood up finally our fuses blew we pointed out our name and he simply shook his hand at an end table and said "oh you can take that one" , EXCUSE ME? You know what forget it , we walked out, we gave Matts 3 chances! 1...2....3....UR OUT! good riddance to horrible waiters generic breakfast where we always leave saying "couldnt we have made this at home?", fellow yelpers I don't know about you but I rather take my business elsewhere,  I also want to thank the breakfastclub for instantly sitting us down and serving an amazing breakfast! I know my new breakfast to go to every sunday now! Good luck Matt you just lost 2 customers
3	I ate breakfast here on the 4th of July. Honestly, the food is decent (nothing special)-it's also overpriced.   MBB is a small restaurant that always has a line out the door and around the corner, but since I've eaten here, I really don't understand why.  Maybe everyone's visiting Phoenix like me????I highly recommend going to LoLo's, it's better (more options and taste wise), and you get more bang for your buck. A stranger (Phoenix resident) also leaned over to tell me that LoLo's is definitely the better option.
5	This place is awesome. It was the 1st time I had been there and I  sorry I didn't go sooner! They have excellent food and lemonade and have fast, friendly service. The bacon is to die for! Will be going back soon!
4	School teacher with a summer vacay mission: eat breakfast at every joint in town that you can't normally go to without waiting in a weekend line!  Matt's was at the top of the list!  Five stars for the buttery delicious waffle - a little crisp on the outside, a soft and tender inside and the BEST bacon in town. 2 stars for the chop and chick, eggs and skinny over-cooked pork chop with the wimpy soft breakfast potatoes. I'll round up to 4 for the ROCC bottomless coffee and the nice counter waitress. (BTW, do all restaurants just top off the creamer containers from other tables and give them to someone else? Maybe that's standard but it kind of freaked me out.  Maybe it's better for me to just not know!)
5	First time grabbing a late breakfast at this downtown spot. We ordered our food and within only a few minutes, I had an amazing Belgium waffle with 2 thick, peppered slabs of bacon sitting before my very eyes. I barely had time to squeeze my lemon slice into my passionfruit iced tea before this feast sat before me. After I had lightly buttered and drizzled a fourth of my waffle with syrup, I ceremoniously cut a generous piece out and placed it in my mouth. Seriously, my taste buds didn't know what to do. This was one of the best waffles I've had in my life. After my brain had sufficient time to process what was going on with my tongue and this heavenly piece of Belgium, I relentlessly devoured the rest of the waffle in a matter of minutes. I swear people must have thought I was in a food eating contest. Then it came time to eat the bacon. After a mere nibble from a corner of one of the slices, the two slices that originally came atop my waffle simply teleported into my stomach. Yeah, that's how good the bacon is. It can teleport. Needless to say, I will be finding any excuse to eat here again in the very near future (i.e. tomorrow).
5	This place is phenomenal. I would only be adding to a long list of gushing reviews, so I'll be brief. When you go (and you're planning on going -- right?) ask about the food. So much of what they serve isn't store-bought. It's hand crafted. That toast you get? On fresh baked bread. The bacon? From a special local butcher. The jam to spread on your toast? Homemade. And delicious. Service with a smile. Great new (larger) digs. Go early. This place is POPULAR for a reason.
4	Amazing place. Very charming and the servers are very nice. It was a long wait but it's only expected... busy means good food. I have their sirloin steak special. It was delicious. They make their own jam and you can taste the love cause it was to die for. They make their own bread and thick cut and you can tell it's healthy. I'm glad we took the time to look where to eat in this area.
1	This breakfast was very very basic and quite gross. I found a long piece of hair on my toast and my waffle was undercooked. Feel sick after eating here don't eat at matts big breakfast.
3	Pancakes were awesome, strawberry lemonade was great. The chop and chick was pretty good, it's why we went. The home made strawberry jam was the star!! We had a miscommunication with the server and my plate was taken prematurely. Other than that, it was great.
5	Excellent breakfast food, and my new go-to lunch spot on weekdays. Everything is freshly made and locally sourced, and it shows in the flavors delivered. I especially recommend the airy griddlecakes and delicious toast with their home made strawberry preserve. Can't recommend this place enough for the quality of food, and the friendly service and reasonable prices just enhance the experience.
5	We went to Matt's on a Wednesday morning and it was packed.  The wait was relatively quick however as they turn people over quickly.I had basted eggs, hash browns, and bacon with sourdough toast.  All the ingredients were excellent quality and cooked to perfection.The jams were homemade and there were 2 offered though they only bring strawberry to the table.  I requested the blueberry and they gladly brought some at my request.  Both were excellent, but I preferred the blueberry.  The bread was also homemade and was also great.All in all, well worth the wait and drive.
2	My husband's favorite meal of the day is breakfast, so while we were in the area I decided to take him to the much ballyhooed Matt's Big Breakfast.  The line wasn't unreasonable, especially for a Saturday midmorning.  Food was served quickly and was made with fresh ingredients, but choices were surprisingly limited...no biscuits and gravy, no chicken fried steak, no quiche.  I just assumed, based on the name, that they'd offer every breakfast item under the sun.  My husband got the omelet of the day and said it was pretty good.  I got the pesto chicken sandwich, and it was alright.  We were both underwhelmed.
3	Service was efficient and friendly. The omelette and hash browns  were amazing. We were disappointed with the pancakes. they were so dry and crumbly. Extra syrup didn't help much. Coffee was really good but no half and half milk only
5	Best Breakfast Place I've ever been to hands down.The bacon is heavenly, and the pork chop is amazing.  I usually just go for the special of the day when it is a scramble, can never go wrong with that.One thing though is that they recently made their hash browns thin cut.  I miss their thick cut hash browns, they were the BEST.  Please go back to your thick hash browns Matt's!
5	What can I say.... I LOVE MATT'S BIG BREAKFAST! Everything I have had there has been fabulous.  The atmosphere is friendly. The food, while traditional, old fashioned comfort breakfast, which has the real butters and goodies that make their wonderful recipes taste so yummy, it is absolutely, hands down the best breakfast place I know! I am hooked on their waffles! If you go during peak times, expect a wait.  There are many dedicated Matt's aficionados.
5	We went here today. I must say it was the best breakfast spot my family been too. I had the oats and it was delish. My husband had the special. It was the buttermilk biscuits and sausage gravy. It was absolutely incredible. And my kiddo got pancakes! The were fluffy and oh so good. Run don't walk here!! Great place!
4	So, it turns out the place should have been called Matt's Semi-Pretentious Yet Tasty Breakfast. Had the Chicken & Artichoke Sausage with organic baby spinach and Fontina cheese scramble, breakfast potatoes and rustic sourdough toast. Quite tasty... but not the blue spoon diner I thought we we're walking into with the name like "Matt's Big Breakfast". It was not a big breakfast. Coffee was slow to refill and waitresses were a bit inattentive. Food gets 4-stars, service gets 3.
5	Damn where to start... hash browns are amazing, the honey lemonade is delicious, the bacon omg... I get lost in the rich fatty piece of heaven lol. Highly recommend it!
5	Food was decent....wait was long...service was great! When we arrived we were told it was going to be a 45 minute wait. We really waited 30 minutes. The wait staff is plentiful and are very friendly and helpful. The food was brought quickly and was correct as ordered. The waitresses asked several times if we were doing okay and refilled our drinks promptly.  Will return!!
5	I'm a huge fan of the food here.  It's all good.  Breakfast sanwich , the hog and chick, the butter burger, the list goes on and on.  All made with fresh, lucally sourced ingredience.   Darnell Dockett was in for Breakfast today.  Peppered bacon, and homemade preserves are to die for
5	This place has the best breakfast and super reasonable.  I make it a point of going here every time I come to Phoenix.  I don't like coming to Phoenix but this place makes the medicine go down.  The bacon is insane!  The servers are great and you can get seated in a reasonable amount of time - 30 mins. on a Sunday during prime time.  My only complaint was the coffee was weak.  Totally surprised because I thought they served Stumptown, Intelligentsia, or something along that ilk.  I saw a review that said they didn't serve non-dairy milk.  Matt, I think you should offer almond milk or soy creamer.  It's really not that big of a deal.  Better yet why don't you MAKE your own almond milk.  I am totally confident you can make us proud.  Don't get me wrong because I don't think it's a restaurant's duty to cater to EVERY type of patron unless it makes business sense.  You do everything else so well why not be the only dog in town to be all things to all people.  Just sayin'............
1	I bet the food is great. It's too bad we didn't get to that point. My friend an I arrived a few minutes before meeting our other friend so we sat at the bar because we were kinda in a hurry. We saved her a seat and expected her any minute. Now, as far as I've ever been told about dining customs, is that the bar, whether it be one that actually serves booze or what, is open seating and can't be reserved and the host can't make you give it up. Two other girls walked in and wanted a booth but the host told them to sit at the bar instead. We told the girls we were saving this one seat for our friend and the host came over and rudely said, "YOU ARE NOT SAVING THIS SEAT!" As our friend walks in. The other girls were like hey, it's all good, we wanted a booth anyways and he MADE US sit here. Rude as FFFFFFFFF. We were confused. But hey, Jobot is just a block away and I suggest you try their chorizo biscuits and gravy because it's AMAZING.
5	Dear Matt's big breakfast. I dreamt of your waffles last night.  Big, unbelievably fluffy, waffles. Delicious waffles. Best waffles. The sweet cream butter and maple syrup makes this amazing waffles out of this world. The thick cut bacon is perfectly crispy on the edges but chewy too. So good. The hash brown is perfectly crispy without being burnt and tasty. The scrambled eggs were so fluffy. The blueberry jam that came with the toast was not overly sweet and just so full of ripe blueberry. And the freshly squeezed orange juice. I'm salivating just writing this review!The wait wasn't long. We went around 8:30 a.m. on Saturday morning and waited maybe 10 minutes for a table. Service was fast and great.
4	The breakfast sandwich was incredible!  The bun is a cross between a bagel & croissant.The waffle was the best I've had - 100% maple syrup Would definitely go back
5	This place has been on our bucket list for a while now and totally lives up to the hype. This place is the epitome of what deserves 5 stars.The food is spot on. Orange juice is pristine. Every single thing that touched our lips was incredible. We sat at the bar, and the waitress was friendly and efficient. People stand in hellish heat outside to wait for a table here, and let me tell you, it is worth it. Go. Put down your computer and run to eat here.
1	First the good, then the bad. I arrived at 1:45 PM and was seated / waited on in a very timely manner. Service was good and the food came out quickly ...... too quickly as you will read in the bad. The potatoes were hot and well seasoned, the eggs were as ordered (over easy). The toast was very good, but only one piece (thick toast).Now for the bad. The bacon was not even close to being cooked (half raw) and I sent it back. By the time the bacon came back I was basically done with the other food. The worst part was the amount of oil in my plate. It had to be almost an 1/8 of a cup of oil.  I am not a health nut I have eaten at plenty of greasy spoon restaurants and would gladly go back to a few....... but this was ridiculous.I mentioned this was my first visit when I ordered and as I was paying the waitress asked how my breakfast was. I told her "I have never seen that much oil on a plate and as you know they bacon was almost raw" .......  her reply was at least it is olive oil.
5	Great Breakfast place, well worth the wait!!  We were really happy with our meals.  I had the Egg, spinach and fontina scramble special (out of this world)  Coffee and water never went empty as they continually refilled...  Definitely a must go to when you are in Phoenix.
5	Amazing breakfast! Small spot with big flavorful food. I got the Five Spot breakfast sandwich, amazingly soft bread!! You can taste how fresh all the ingredients are! First time here loved that we walked in and thru a large window you could see staff hand jarring jam! This place is a hidden gem!
5	The premier close to downtown/ASU breakfast spot in Phoenix. They have one in the B finger of terminal 4 at the airport too, and while good, it's just not the same. Excellent wait staff, yummy food (waffles are great, with just enough flour to hold the butter to-gether!!! and the chilli is a lunch time must have!). Remember they are two blocks north of their old location! Look for the orange umbrellas...
5	I will wait an hour in the blazing sun for this food.  Now that i have become a regular, I don't enjoy eating breakfast anywhere else. Every time I go,  I try something different and nothing on the menu disappoints. If you go between 8 am to noon,  expect to wait but it's worth it.
5	Outstanding. Didn't try the off-the-bone ham but it looked great. Good bacon, great fresh eggs.
4	Eggs are eggs, let's face it, but Matt does the other things very well. For starters, the home fries are phenomenal. This is how they should be done. The orange juice is squeezed there and it's very tasty. The toast is enormous and the jam they make there, which is great if you love strawberry. I didn't have the bacon, but it looked and smelled phenomenal. However, the real winner is the pancakes. They were really well done and probably the best I've ever had. They has a very unique taste I can only compare to the buttery taste of Ritz crackers. Putting the maple syrup on it was actually a travesty; do it without the syrup. Overall, great breakfast spot.
5	Bring your appetite!  ASU students nearby have a great hangout and breakfast spot.  Food and service at Matt's was great.  They even have complimentary water with orange slices out front if you have to wait a little bit and it sure was hot in Phoenix!   I'll definitely be back for another go and thank you for a nice experience while just visiting.
5	Love this place!  I love it even more now that they moved to a significantly larger location.  Everything I have ever eaten there has been scrumptious.  My only regret when I go here is that I cannot fit more of the deliciousness into my belly!
4	Excellent breakfast placeHad a work breakfast and came away impressed. Nice restaurant design and things were spotless.  Service crew was super nice and quick to tend to everything we could ask for.  Drinks were on our table within two minutes of order, breakfast plates hit about fine minutes after the waitress walked away, and drinks were always refilled.Food was very good, though we ordered the basics. I'll take my family to try some sweeter carb fare.  If they rave, I'll update and give a fifth star.They're a true Phoenix gem!
4	Tucked away in downtown Phoenix, Matt's Big Breakfast offers Big flavor (see what I did there?)The menu, albeit small, has all the breakfast comfort food that most diners have (i.e., waffles, scrambles, pancakes, etc.) I ordered the special which was an egg scramble with jalapenos, ham and cheese. It also came with a side of potatoes, either hash browns or country style.The best part of my scramble was the succulent ham. I never tasted breakfast ham so good. If you go to Matt's try their ham, it is no doubt, the best I've ever had.My hashbrowns were fried to perfection: Crispy outside and soft and silky inside. I also tried their bacon which is a thick cut peppered bacon. I don't prefer thick cut bacon, but if it's your style, you'll most likely love it.The service was great and the food is awfully cheap. Wish they had more to choose from on their menu though!
4	Visiting Phoenix for the weekend found this place on the best breakfasts in Phoenix. Definitely glad we came. We got there about 8:35 ish. We waited for about thirty minutes. It was well worst the wait. The service was great food was delish! I had the Hog and chick. It came with toast and home fries. Everything was so yummy! The house made strawberry jam was delightful! Stocked we came! This place has made this girl very happy! :)
5	I went to Matt's Big Breakfast with my wife on 08/15/14. We were staying at the Westin and a front desk employee had recommended Matt's to us. The reviews on YELP were great and it's only a short walk away, in the hot Phoenix sun, so we thought we'd check it out. When we walked in we were promptly greeted and seated ourselves at a table for two. There are tables and a breakfast bar to eat at. The restaurant was busy but not crowded. I can imagine that people are waiting in line to eat at Matt's on weekends. Our waiter and waitress, yes, we had several people take care of us, quickly took our order. Great team work! I had the Hog and Chick, with an extra egg and bacon. My wife had a waffle with a side of bacon. My meal came with home fries and toast, I also ordered a freshly squeezed OJ and we both had coffee. The coffee was good and refills were plentiful. The OJ was freshly squeezed and delicious. The service continued to be great and our meals came out in a timely manner. I had ordered my eggs over easy because I like my eggs runny. Two eggs were cooked perfectly but one had no runny yolk. My home fries were cooked with onions and rosemary and were piping hot. My toast was only one slice of wheat but was very thick and easily compared to two slices of regular wheat toast. The star of the show, for me, was the bacon. It was two of the best slices of tender, thick cut bacon I have ever had, at a breakfast place. My wife told me that her waffle was really good and agreed with me on how good the bacon was. Matt's Big Breakfast did not disappoint. If your visiting the area or just dumping your kid off at ASU, definitely head to Matt's Big Breakfast.
3	Realizing the truth about Matt's is that they are simply short-staffed in the summer. Not sure why it is, but winter service is far more consistent (read: better). Over the past few months, when we have visited, we see some table fly right through while others just wait (we even spoke to a couple at a table next to us on the last visit who had noticed the same thing, as they had been waiting a while). Hey -- Matt's is great and, in a few months, we'll be right back to taking winter visitors there. But, for summertime, I'll be taking a pass.
2	meh..
3	I too saw the dinners drive in and dives show on this place. Two words, not impressed. I to was looking for the French toast which is not on the menu. I ordered the special which came out luke warm. The home frys drowning in rosemary. As my wife was still waiting for her cheese omelet which was the same luke warm. Are friend had ham and eggs which was the smart choice. At a price that we were scratching our head. Point being is don't always believe what you see and hear on TV
5	The wait for a table can be a bit long, but once you sit down you will get great service and your meal super fast. Delicious!
2	I know I'm gonna make a lot of enemies with this review but here goes.  It doesn't quite live up to the hype.  Having gotten rave reviews from the local paper and from the community in general, always be prepared to wait about an hour to get a table.  The food is by no means bad, but with the exception of their daily special, their selection is ordinary - this took me by surprise considering how many people rave about the place.  On top of this, the service hasn't been great.  The only time we've had decent service was when the waitress was trying to flirt with my friend, which was honestly rather amusing.  That aside, they do make pretty good pancakes and if you do really insist on seeing what the hype is all about, I advise you to stop by within an hour of opening to avoid the wait.
4	Im here visiting from CA and wanted some breakfast before starting work. I found this place on yelp and decided to give it a try to to.its amazing reviews.I walked in and they greeted me immediately.  The  girl behind the bar was nice enough to give me $1 change because I didn't have change for the meter.There menu isnt large at all, limited options. I order the waffle with 2 strips of bacon and ice coffee.  The coffee sucked but the waffle and bacon were AMAZING! !! I would definitely come back to try something new:)I would give it 5 stars if the coffee was better.
1	Way overrated very loud not comfortable service was fine food was very expensive not anywhere near the quality that the reviews have done I give it one star
5	I had the scrambled eggs special with ham and sweet peppers and home potatoes. The herb smell and flavor notes were very lively.
4	Excellent food and great accommodation for food allergies.  Service was a little off...big welcome, but then they didn't notice we were sitting there and served folks who had come in after. Still highly recommend.
4	Oder eggs, hash brown and bacon person next to Oder the same to go after he had his breakfast because bacon smell great
5	This is by far the best breakfast in AZ. Their bacon is the best you can get. Oh and the hashbrowns! The hashbrowns are yukon gold potatoes and they are crunchy and a little soft in the middle and just melt in your mouth. The service is amazing. Everyone that works there is super nice and the owners are always there to great their customers. If you're in town you must stop by.
5	This place is AWESOME.. Went twice this week. Tuesday and Wednesday.. This is my favorit stop for breakfast everytime Im in town. Food is good, prices are good the coffee is awesome. Love this place. the waitress Trina is so nice.. Food is always hot and fresh.. You can taste the quality....
5	Stopped in about 8 this Saturday morning for a first visit to the new Matt's here, up the street from the even smaller one that they moved from.  Seating here is about 50 replacing about 25 before, & they even have bathrooms now!  Can you imagine?     :-)I got lucky and found a parking space available in their lot, and the wait outside on benches was only a few minutes to get in to eat.I was joined by Robyn N. this time, and I went with a "Hog & Chick," which is to say Ham & Eggs, Homestyle Potatoes, Sourdough Toast (with a little cup of Strawberry Jam on the side) & coffee.My favorite breakfast restaurant in the whole world is still the Original Pantry over in downtown L.A., but with that said everything about this visit to Matt's here was just great!  Every bite & sip of what I had was delicious, the serving sizes were generous, including the big slice of ham, the prices reasonable and the service very friendly and attentive, so it's A BIG 5 STARS for the new Matt's Big Breakfast!     :-))Hog & Chick w/Ham:  $9.95, Coffee $2.25.
5	Breakfast was awesome!! The big in Matt's big breakfast is definitely for the size of the food not for the building.
5	My boyfriend and I used to go to the old Matt's location pretty often. We loved the food but we got sick of the wait times and stopped going. We decided to give the new spot a try and I'm so glad we did! We arrived around 9 on a Sunday, ready to wait. But although the restaurant was full our wait was not long at all! Less than 20 minutes maybe? Although it could be because we were willing to sit at the counter. Whatever, we were happy!We settled in and opened our menus happy to see old familiar favorites. I ordered the waffle with bacon and my boyfriend got the pancakes. They were every bit as good as we remembered. Huge portions and full of flavor. The pancakes and waffle have almost a sweet flavor to them but they're not sugary. Just right. The bacon is my favorite thing though. Thick, peppery, bacon-y goodness. I'd say it's the best bacon in town. I'm so happy to have rediscovered Matt's. It's sure to become a regular choice for us once again.
3	honestly, I don't think there is anything THaT great about this place. Worlds best waffles? I've made waffles just as good with a waffle maker in a college cafeteria ... they don't do anything special with these waffles either-the only option is to order one plain with a side of bacon.... I've ordered breakfast dishes here before and I'm pretty sure they make it taste good by using a lot of butter and salt. There is nothing else unique about how they cook the food... It is very run of the mill. If you are a fan of bacon, it's pretty damn good. The orange juice is Freshly squeezed and SO delicious, and for that I'll give this place 3 stars...
5	I was pleasantly surprised at the quality of the food and I was amazed at how delicious everything was. I got the hog and eggs w bacon. The eggs were lightly fluffed w just the right amount of butter, the bacon was thick cut and they give you hearty portions. The strawberry honey lemonade was absolutely delicious and so was their Rubeun. I would definitely recommend this cute, hipster place!!!
4	Stopped by on Saturday.  Placed was packed (no surprise), so I rescheduled my visit to Monday morning when it was less crowed.  Grabbed a seat at the counter and was cheerfully greeted and offered my choice of beverage.  I ordered the waffle which came with bacon (unlike the pancakes which don't) and a 2 eggs on the side.  My order came lickity-split except there was only one egg, not two.  Not to worry, I was assured that it would get corrected and it did.  The waffle and bacon were delicious.  Authentic butter and real maple syrup.....yummy.  The eggs were.....eggs. Coffee cup never reached the bottom and was always being refilled.Considering the place is called Matt's Big Breakfast, one would think that there would be offerings on the menu....but the place was still packed so Matt must be doing something right.I'll be back and recommend that you pay them a visit when you are in the Phoenix area.
4	This place did a great job with a small space. The good had big flavor and our whole family enjoyed it. Waffles, pancakes, and even Mac and Cheese. It was also very hip.
3	Went to breakfast at Matt's this morning. Walked in and there was a bunch of people bustling around, but I don't think it was very clear where you check in. Hostesses didn't make any eye contact or greet us when we walked in the door. Seems like a lot of hype for something that wasn't that special. It was all just simple food that tasted fine. It was a nice atmosphere, but very loud. If you are looking to have a good conversation with the person sitting across from you, this is not the place to go. Just tasted like breakfast cooked at home...except more boring. Moderately inexpensive, but probably won't go back. Service was great though!
4	Visit date: 09/14/14Can I say the best griddle cakes I have had in a long while???  This was the first for me and my husband.  We try to check out a new breakfast spot every weekend.  I had heard about Matt's from friends and read some Yelp reviews.  I glad we decided to eat at Matt's.  I know there is usually a long wait, which I was worried about since we havea six month old (teething) baby.  We went prepared to wait.  The wait was not so bad, I think we only waited about 15 minutes.  Once we were seated it did not take that long to order and receive our food.  Everything we had was delicious.  I ordered the griddle cakes, country sausage patties and home fries and my husband ordered that days special.  Everything was flavorful.  Our server was great and were in and out of there pretty quickly.  We definitely be making another trip to this restaurant!
5	Came here on a Friday for lunch with a couple of friends, and am so glad we did! Fortunately, we did not have to wait at all and got seated right away! I ordered the freshly squeezed honey lemonade and waffle with bacon. When I drank the lemonade, I thought it was good..but more honey than lemon than I wished. Now...I'm craving for one. Our food came surprisingly fast given how busy it was. I chowed down and cleaned up the entire plate very fast...the waffle was crispy on the outside and super soft on the inside, and the bacon was thick and yummy. Yum yum yum. I tried my friend's potatoes and wheat toast with jam, it was so good! I'm a PB without J kind of person...and I really liked the jam. My bill was like $14 total..I would totally go back again for the food.
4	Everything was well worth the wait to get in.  The food was delicious and while a small menu a nice variety of items.  The homemade strawberry preserves were SO good I was eating them with a spoon once all my bread was gone.
4	I ate at Matt's this past Tuesday with my wife. We ended up having tbe special which was biscuits and gravy with homefries and eggs. The sausage gravy was freaking amazing! I also really have to compliment the staff. It was busy but not overwhelming. With that being said, the staff (from the kitchen to the waitstaff) ran like a well oiled machine. Very polite and very efficient. Kudos to all on a great experience.
5	It was about a 15 minute wait ; the weather was okay but the food was amazing . There bread & fresh jam is everything . Definitely a go to breakfast spot if your in Phoenix .
5	New location is cleaner and has more seating.  But of course still a wait no matter when you try and go.  Waited 40 minutes for table for 2.  People always polite and food of course is fresh and worth the wait.  I'll be back and stand outside for a good breakfast,  if people wait weeks for a new phone or concert tickets,  there will always be people willing to wait up to an hour or so for a fresh good meal.  Prices are right average $5-$15.  Where $5 is a bowl of cereal and $15 is steak and eggs.  Note they do not serve alcohol and while the rear parking is free,  it is limited.  Also phoenix meter parking now charges on weekends.  There is an older grey haired lady riding around with a bad attitude and always unforgiving...
5	We came here before we went to the SF v Arizona game, we decided to walk from our hotel wow ~ was it hot. I tend to sweat and boy was I melting as we made our way past Arizona State Law School's campus. The woman who was handling the seating and waiting arrangements did a great job engaging the crowd, despite it being 100 degrees outside their restaurant. It was a Sunday and it seems as though everyone in the historic district had the same idea as we did. Food was good, came out quickly. Only thing that I was not too happy about was the iced coffee that they offered me and my wife. It seemed too watered down, to a point where my server asked if I wanted more iced tea. Besides that we had a good time service was attentive, Never mind that we were decked out in our best 49er apparel, they still treated us like very nicely. I had the peppered bacon and the 'world famous' waffle with real maple syrup. (You can really put the words 'world famous' in front of anything.)Definitely a must if you are in the area and you are looking for a brunch.
1	Over priced breakfast all hype sorry just my opinion I was really let down since friend always talked about it ..you will pay 10$ for breakfast ..eggs and hash browns
4	A solid 4.5 stars for this downtown Phoenix breakfast joint!!I went with the 'daily special' (which was erased and replaced by a different breakfast dish before I was done eating, sooooo . . . maybe it's more of an hourly special?).  Eggs Benedict with hash browns.  I also added nourbon cherry sausage and a side of toast.  Everything was phenomenal.  I've got absolutely nothing to complain about regarding this place.  I'll finish with the strongest compliment I can pay a restaurant which is this:  I'll be back.
5	One of my favorites!While they've expanded from their previous 5-table location, their new location isn't huge, but still very popular. It's always busy, so prepare to wait for a solid 30 minutes to an hour if you are visiting. It's worth the wait.Food is always top notch and the servers have always been so delightful.The hash browns are a must try! Absolutely delicious.The fresh-squeezed orange juice is also legit.
3	So yeah. Phoenix's favorite breakfast spot was a little disappointing. I would not recommend the home fries because they taste more like boiled potatoes nor would I suggest the pork chop due to it being undercooked  & flavorless. It gets three stars because the toast and homemade preserves are to DIE for and they have awesome hash browns. Would I give them another shot? Perhaps. Their prices are amazing. It could've been a bad day but I see potential.
5	One of the best places for breakfast. The place is very cute,the staff is very friendly. The food is one of the best and the homemade jelly is outstanding! The owner is nice and a hard worker, so is the rest of the staff !
3	Without hesitation, the food in good! But personally waiting up an hour is not good for me. If there's a way you can improve, that would be perfect! But I still come here when not in a hurry. :)
5	Amazing Food! The staff is very friendly and the service was fast and fresh. The food was delicious and came out very hot and fresh. The staff seemed to help each other out and the best part was they never let your coffee cup get empty!
3	Sorry, but the wait time and food don't add up. Not trying to be a hater but a friend and I ate here, wait time was close to an hour. Had a standard breakfast and to be honest, It wasn't all the hype this place receives. I would much rather go down the street for no wait and enjoy bangers and mash over at Turf. Sorry Matt, I won't be back.
3	Despite the rave from yelp reviews, I thought this place was just OK - nothing special if you ask me. Nothing wow'ed me. I came in around 6:30am so beat the crowd which started pouring in an hour later.The food portions are generous. Pulpy orange juice - YUMHash brown was bland on its own (ate my friend's hash brown), not as flavorful as I would've hoped. I still ate the whole thing with ketchup and pepper. I ordered The Hog and Chick with eggs over medium, thick bacon and wheat toast. The home fries were too hard for my taste, wanted them to be more on the softer side with crispy edges but it looked and tasted overcooked. The bacon was thick but it also tasted overcooked. Again, I still ate everything so still good.Service was great - they came around a few times offering coffee and water refills, asked how we were doing. I'd still recommend a trip here but go in with low expectations. It might have been all the hype about the placed that I heard (it was featured in Triple D) so I came in thinking this was going to be a diner with something unique to offer...
5	My husband and I have been going to Matt's every Monday for two years now and we love it!!! Everything on the menu is fresh and served hot!! The special of the day is amazing and the waffles are perfect!!
2	Visit Date:  10/4/14This. Is slowly getting worse. .. today strike 2.  Last week was not good, today the same. Eggs over cooked, potatos burnt. Quality is dropping.  I'll give this 1 more chance.
4	I love that this place has free range chicken eggs in all of their dishes. My breakfast was delicious. They played good music too. The reason they didn't get 5 stars from me is because it's so loud in there because, unfortunately, like many other restaurants in Phoenix, they have a concrete floor.
5	I am a big breakfast person. My day rises and falls according to the quality of the breakfast. Mat''s is one of those places where I am going every Saturday morning now. After you eat there, you have a good clean feeling instead of the gross Denny's greasy feeling after you eat their breakfast. I always get the Hog & Chick and man oh man...the best thing I love about this place is the toast. Sourdough toast and it comes with homemade preservatives. It is awesome!
5	In downtown Phoenix for work, wanted to get a good breakfast. This place was just fantastic! Good portions, fresh ingredients, and great service. If I'm ever back in Phoenix again I would absolutely come here for breakfast!
1	Sorry for this update: after so many years I won't be going back. They moved a couple doors down to a larger, but more plastic place (you know when the chairs look like chrome but are plastic) but it's not just their charming decor I miss. I miss the food and friendly service. The prices are very high and the portions very small, in addition to which there's no consistency; my friend ordered the same thing as me & they came out very differently, hers not great, mine inedible. Not worth it at any price, and their's are pretty high especially since they got skimpy on size, not that I'd want any more of mine - a squshed square of hash brown goo dripping with grease!  Seriously, flattened to about half the height of my friends, like 1/4 inch high! Her's were greasy too, but at least they were not like a brick of gum. Another had home fried potatoes so not the same as they used to make, some burnt, some barely cooked. Someone  tried a dish the server lied about, and worse, when we called her on it the owner came out & got in our face, because she thought we were insulting her cooking?!  No way to treat a customer, especially when we've been coming to her place,  bringing friends & family for years - not that I expected her to recognize us or anything!  Oh yeah, offered my little kid a refill on his drink, but the refills not free so that was another $4 - kaching! Oh and my friend got their strawberry lemonade, which used to be great but it's so sweet, you may need to ask for a regular lemonade to mix with it so between the two it's OK strawberry lemonade, but at $4 each that adds up fast! So I'm sad to say  overall - no more Matt's.
2	Come on, people.  The food is good, but it's not orgasmic.  And the service sucks.  It's freakin' breakfast, and there's really nothing remarkable about any of it, except that people line up out the door for what might as well be a self-serve diner, once you count a wait staff who are so completely stoned, inattentive, and possibly mentally-deficient that having a conversation as simple as ordering turns into a game of "how is that possible an answer to the question I just asked, and what planet is he on?"    The only thing worse than the service is the parking.   Better than McDonald's, not as good as Mom's.
5	Food is phenomenal here....that sums up why it is so popular and you always have a wait.  I try to come here early during the week before all the Central Phoenix Millennials wake up.  Anytime before 9am is good, ha ha.  Parking is tough if you dont get a spot behind the building.  My favorite is the bacon and eggs...simple but the bacon is more like a steak!  The potatoes are just awesome, with all the herbs they are so flavorful that I am craving them now as I right this review.  The place is larger now that they moved a block away and very nice and modern inside.  Highly recommend visiting here before you die...and not on the weekend.
5	It is very good. I would go with the waffles.
3	Awesome place but the wait is dumb. Also the way they handle it is archaic and not efficient for how long the line is. Because they have a paper list and so many waiting guest everyone stands in the lobby blocking the servers from getting around. One girls sole job is to walk around and scream names of people on the list. Inside and outside. Another girl spends half her day explaining to guest that they never quote a time and no the can't just sit at the counter like other restaurants. To many staff not enough system. Counter productive, and un-scale able. Labor cost are prolly killing this place. Business aside...Food was great and staff is friendly! I'll come back if I have all morning to wait around
5	Food is fantastic... Atmosphere is too loud portions are reasonable prices are on the higher side... Bottom line the food is really good!
4	Let me just say how happy I am to have finally eaten here. My goodness. Went one Saturday morning before the farmers market. It was early so the wait wasn't bad at all. Got the breakfast sandwich and side of hash. If two people want the breakfast sandwich you could easily share. Not that it's huge but it was definitely filling. All three of us only are half...those grilled onions really turn the 'wich into something special. The bread was so soft and tasty. Yum. Also got the honey strawberry lemonade...I need an IV of that into my body. I will note that our waitress was oddly touchy...which was strange but not a big deal. Anyways now that I am five minutes down the street I will gladly come back.
4	I had the parfait. Very big serving. I can't say I was a huge fan of the parfait, but that was my fault not theirs. I didn't realize greek yogurt is supposed to be sour. The fresh squeezed orange juice is worth paying for. I absolutely love fresh squeezed juice. Service was good, and we enjoyed ourselves.
4	Wife took me here on a day off. Knowing I love breakfast I had to try this place out. The first challenge was finding a parking spot. We eventually found a spot & just by looking at the line outside, we feed the meter for two hours of parking. We weren't aware of signing in on a list until a waitress came outside shouting names. I was eventually told you have to sign up on the list inside. After waiting for 45 minutes we were seated at the breakfast bar and the waitress took our order right away. We both ordered the hog and chick plate. We asked if it was possible to order a single griddlecake on the side knowing it wasn't on the extras menu. She was able to accommodate our request. I also ordered a coffee and orange juice. Coffee to me was coffee but the freshly squeezed OJ had my taste buds ready for the rest of the meal. Seriously refreshing. The bacon, eggs, sourdough toast & fruit preserves were on point. Tasty, tasty, tasty. Wife & I honestly didn't care to much for the rosemary home fries...way too much rosemary seasoning & garnish for us. Next we decided to bite into the griddlecake & again our taste buds were in heaven. Soft and moist like a baked cake in the form of a pancake...the best we've ever had. This place is going to be my go to breakfast joint on another day off no doubt. The wait time was definitely worth it. Thanks to the staff for their prompt & friendly service. We'll be returning whenever I have business to do in Phoenix.
5	Great food. Great coffee. Great service. Cute waitresses. Long waits but worth it. I recommend the daily specials but Waffle and Bacon is my favorite.
5	Just passing through here on the way to San Diego. This place is amazing!! Had an omelette with mushrooms, roasted peppers (actually roasted well), Ham, and cheese. Came with hash browns, and toast, all equally delicious. Staff was very friendly and on top of their game.
4	Excellent, I've been to Matt's a couple of times before the big DDD rush and the food had always been fresh, high quality and delicious. My mom, son and myself headed over for breakfast Saturday morning after not being there for a year and a half or so. As expected there was a wait but the food was excellent, the coffee was great - and I'm not even a coffee drinker, I actually considered buying a bag of beans to go. My pancake was excellent my potatoes were just right, the bacon was cooked to perfection, my only gripe are those little ass tables..why move to a larger space only to STILL have to deal with space issues..meh it's a minor complaint for the quality of food and service you get here.
5	Finally got to go.  Waited 15 min on a Sunday am.  I hate to wait (TWSS).  But it was so worth it. Got the traditional type breakfast: Scrambled eggs, thick, thick sliced bacon, great potatoes, and such wonderful thick wheat bread.Service was fast too.  Seemed all very fresh and organic.  Recently ate at the Airport location also and it was a great experience.I'll def be back!!!
3	Had friends in from out of town and had heard how great this place was so why not.  Visited on a Saturday morning (8:30am).  Very busy, long wait and parking is a challenge. P.S. feed the meters. I didn't get busted but lots of others received parking tickets on the street.  We had a variety of meals (breakfast sandwich, cheese omelet, hog and chick and a special of the day) and waters around (for four people).  The meals were good, wouldn't say great.  The ambiance was less than desirable.  It's very loud, very cramped, not very comfortable and rush, rush, rush.  It felt as if they couldn't get your order quick enough and get you out the door even quicker.  We had plans so the speed was ok.  What I later found annoying was that I had been grossly overcharged.  This is partially my fault, as I should have checked the check, but the rushed atmosphere along with my trusting nature, (I just gave her the credit card to settle up, without looking at the check) got me in the end.  Looking at the check later, I realized we received another tables check as there were six meals and drinks on the ticket and we had only four people in our group.  In the end, I was overcharged about $20, not including the 25% tip I left on the overinflated bill.  My fault, just a warning to beware due to the extreme haste at this place.
4	The food here is delicious. There was about a 30 minute wait for the two of us to be seated but the quality of the food made up for the delay.
5	Worth the wait AND the hype. I ordered the pancakes, which admittedly are a standard staple, but they were amazingly delicious and I had to finish the entire massive portion. I didn't eat again until dinner after consuming these fluffy, flavorful pillow of carbohydrate bliss, which were just accentuated by the whipped butter and maple syrup.  The service is fast and the line moves quickly, but there was a line even at 10 a.m. on a random Friday.
5	Matt's Big Breakfast!  I came in on a Monday morning around 11 and believe it or not, only waited 5 mins. for a seat!  Sat at the bar and was able to order right away.I had coffee and The Hog & Chick plate which comes with Thick cut bacon (or sausage if you'd rather).  The thick bacon was incredible and so tasty and totally lived up to the hype that this place generates.  Tasty coffee as well and the staff is super friendly but fast and efficient.  Overall awesome food and experience!
4	Great food.  House made preserves are amazing.  Love being able to get bone-in pork with breakfast.  Sausage and potatoes well done.  Only complaint was watery, listless poached eggs.
5	Best breakfast ever, anywhere. Farm fresh food. Lightest waffles. Delicious local bread. Unbelievable bacon.
5	Perfect time to come and no line out the door. Great service, delicious specialty foods and cool temperatures. Hell Yeah!
2	I was really looking forward to eating here. Unfortunately, it turned out not be as good as I expected.I was in town and staying near the airport with some extra morning time and decided to take the light rail system to downtown and walk to Matt's.First, it's in a great area of Phoenix, near the downtown ASU campus. It's a little bit of a hike from the train line to Matt's but the walk was great.I sat at the counter and was greeted very warmly, with was the best part of the visit.  All of the waitresses were great.I went with a simple breakfast, eggs in a sandwich with bacon, which was pretty good.  I also ordered the homefries, as opposed to the hash browns. Can get hash browns anywhere and wanted to try their personal touch on fries.  Absolutely plain and lacked much flavor. Too chewy and rubbery.  At that moment I wish I had ordered the hash browns.It's a cute place, service was great and everyone was very friendly.  But in this particular case, I was disappointed in the food. I'm not a big meat eater and that is probably what sells best here.  Maybe next time it will be better.
5	While popular, we were still able to get a seat at the bar pretty quick for a Saturday morning. I'm surprised it wasn't a longer wait to be seated!  The scrambled eggs were the best my girlfriend had had and my ham, green chile, and jack cheese scramble (their special for the day) was exceptional.  The homefries and hash browns were both fantastic and the toast was great. Probably one of the best breakfasts out I've had in a long time. Definitely going to go back next time I'm in town.
4	This is how mornings should always start - and personally this is exactly what most of my Phoenix mornings have offered. Get up, get going, stop at Matt's. Friendly greetings and superfluous amounts of hot coffee - admittedly in the thin end of the scale, but then again I love my coffee most when it's stronger than me.The daily menu is big and full of energy, way larger than a serving should be -  in other words, an average american size. Over a couple of days I had pancakes, hash browns, fries, goat cheese, ham, bacon, lot's of chilly and so many eggs that I had to send friendly thoughts to every egg-lovers favorite scientist, Ying Rong of Huazhong University of Science and Technology ("Higher consumption of eggs is not associated with increased risk of coronary heart disease or stroke"). It's a nice touch that they use real butter and cage-free egg production. I like the place even better than the food. The place is vivacious, all customers seem happy in the loud way. Sunday was crowded and full of groups of families and friends. Going alone I mostly sit in the bar area - which creates opportunities to talk to other people. Had an interesting conversation with a local cop one day and a student the next, and of course morning banter with the staff. Get up, get going, stop at Matt's.
5	This place was out of this world, great staff and friendly. Chicken apple Gouda with cage free eggs and spinach was delish and OMG the home fries were outta this world. Nice tasty thick sliced wheat toast and homemade strawberry jelly to compliment the meal was one experience I will never forget. Matts Big Breakfast is a must to visit again when in the 602 area.
5	Great place to eat. Great food and staff. I promise if you try it once you'll be hooked
4	Good stuff...
5	When downtown, for breakfast or lunch this is a great option (best at seating parties of 1-4). Upscale greasy spoon with a short menu that includes all of the standard options. They have a ever-changing daily special that is usually the best option to go with, if it sounds tasty to your likes. Some free parking is available in the back of the restaurant, and in the couple blocks around (mostly metered).
5	Newer, bigger, modern and just slightly up the road location. Same wonderful food. Matt's Big Breakfast may have lost it's dive-status, but it's still a great place to eat.The menu, like the restaurant, remains simple and small. But all the offerings are delicious and plentiful. I decided just to go with the griddlecakes. I was left happily stuffed for hours.Even with a few more tables than at the old location, I'm willing to bet that there's still a big line on weekends, but at 7:30am on a Tuesday, the restaurant was practically empty. If you're around downtown Phoenix during the early morning hours, why not stop in a Matt's Big Breakfast?
5	Matt's Big Breakfast is AWESOMEThe food is great, great retro-atmosphere and the staff is very attentive and friendly.  Centrally located and very easy to get to by the Light Rail or plenty of parking in the rear.
1	After waiting outside for a table we got one close to the bathrooms and it was heinous. The large orange juice should have more water than orange. The ambiance is pretty busy so the waitress. Hence, it is a whole mess without mention that the bill arrives just on time to kick us out and welcoming the new victim. The food was ... Oh yes it was as bad as the service. Probably it wasn't my day and not even the sort of place I will repeat. PD: I am not a bacon person.... If you are not a bacon person don't waist your time.. If you are... Check other reviews !
4	At first glance of the menu, I was put off by the prices and basic menu selections.  The long wait times suck too, but be patient because it's worth it. The food here is very good.  The locally made raisin bread there is excellent! The sausage is fantastic, too. The coffee was delicious. It reminded me of Seattle's. Generous helpings of home fried potatoes, great pork chops perfectly seasoned with rosemary.  The service here is excellent.  The wait staff is a well oiled machine and they move the waiting crowd in front with very swift precision. Its a little on the expensive side, but if you're craving something a little extra and are patient for the long wait to be seated, this place is worth it.
5	I used  the yelp  app  to  find  this place  and the  reviews  were  right  on  the  money. Service  was  fast  and friendly. I ordered  a special  for  the  day  3 egg with  home  fries  a little  over  priced  but  delicious , tasted like  home  cooking. The  stone  wheat  toast  with  what  tasted  like  home  made  jam  complimented the  toast  greatly bomb. I will  eat  here  again  and  recommend this place  to  friends  and fellow  yelper's
4	Cool vibe, very friendly staff and really good food. If you're downtown this is a great place for breakfast.
5	Matt's Big Breakfast is hands down the best breakfast spot. The wait can be a little long sometimes but it's 100% worth it once that special comes out. Living in walking distance is dangerous
5	Absolutely delicious, humanely raised eggs and bacon, real maple syrup, homemade bread, good coffee, and super fast delivery of our food to the table. What more could you want? Highly recommended!
5	This place is the bomb. Came here on vacation and it was worth every penny. B-Rabbit Approved!!
1	As someone who has worked in customer service oriented businesses since my first job, I find this as one of the top things when rating all business establishments. From the first minute I walked in, there wasn't a glimpse of good customer service in the place.The first woman greeted us and asked us to come to her host stand. We said we wanted a table and she told us to write our names down. Already slightly annoying that she asked us to do her job. She told us the wait was 30-45min and that the bar was first come first serve. Since we noticed 3 open seats at the bar, we walked up and got ready to sit down. A man that worked there walked up and said "you need to put your name on the list." I mentioned that we had done that already and that the woman up front had mentioned that the bar was open seating. Very rudely he yelled, "NO SHE DIDN'T!" and then pointed to the host stand. You were not there when she told us it was open seating, so do not tell me what she said. Yes, she may have made a mistake, but that isn't my fault. There are much nicer ways to talk to your customers.This wasn't even the part that made us want to leave. We continued to wait because of the excellent reputation this place has. We waited, we waited, we waited. An hour goes by and we've seen people who came in after us continue to get seated. So I approached the hostess again and mentioned that we had been waiting for over an hour and that others had been seated before us. She picks up her list and says "well, there's still 20 people in front of you" and shows me a completely different and new page of names that wasn't there before. I mentioned to her that list wasn't there before and showed her where our name was written. She informed us that we had "created our own new sheet" while they still had one they were adding names to and that we put our name in the wrong place. Well, maybe you should have done your job in the first place and written our name down for us. Not only that, even though she knew that we had been there for that long, she didn't offer to rectify the misunderstanding and seat us sooner. I will forever not eat at this place and I urge, nay, I warn you not to eat here either.
5	We love Matt's Big Breakfast. We have been going there for Sunday morning breakfast off and on for years. We love the waitstaff and the owner. We each get our favorite thing: breakfast sandwich, waffle and bacon and the scramble special. The only downside about the place is that it is busy and there can be a wait... but it is only because the food is great and people feel like it is worth the effort.
5	Sat at the bar and had a great breakfast.  The waitress/bartender was very attentive and give us some great suggestions.  I wanted just a standard 2 eggs OM sausage patty, hash Browns and toast.  Simple and delicious!  They moved over a couple of buildings into a bigger space.
1	The service  was good however  the food  was very greasy.  The ham was very salty and the rosemary  potatoes  was full of oil. Not allot to chose from the menu. Had a waffle  for dessert  and was really  good.
2	Good Lord, is this place overrated!  Anyone from the Northeast or mid-Atlantic could name about 50 Greek Diners that serve up breakfast favorites with better quality, larger portions and much lower prices 24 hours/day! I feel so sorry for people in Arizona who don't know how they're being ripped off. The fact that this place ONLY serves Eggs Benedict on Thursday and ONLY serves steak and eggs on Sunday is a pathetic joke. There is NOTHING on their menu you couldn't get at Denny ' s for a much lower price. What you're paying for at this place is fake cool minimalist artsy atmosphere and nothing more.
5	I love this breakfast joint. Hands down the best breakfast place in all of Phoenix. I love the waffle, it's just perfect. Egg scrambled are delicious and the sourdough bread is just mouth watering. I would recommend this place to anyone who loves to eat breakfast items. The only drawback is the wait to be seated on weekends but the quick service and delicious food definitely makes up for it.
5	Upbeat and urban very much a change of pace from your everyday breakfast & brunch dinner. Staff is friendly and catering to every need. Don't be scared of by the sworn of people waiting outside, good eats await you inside.Looking for some good pancakes you found the place. Fluffy and filling and don't forget the homemade lemonade.
4	Probably my second favorite breakfast place in Phoenix, but i haven't tried a bunch of places. This place had a long line and the menu was more in line with the food I enjoy.  Call out is it gets so busy the kitchen has a higher likelihood of messing up the order.  In fact, they did mess up my order.  I don't know if they ran out of green chilis for the daily special of green chili scramble, but they put in jalapenos.  Not quite the same.  Food was still good.  Just a long wait and you'll probably have to pay for parking.
4	Fast friendly service. Great 'from scratch' breakfasts. Will visit again.
4	4 stars only cuz the wait is sooooo long! Outside - line around the block, no lie. Good food! Matt can cook! The food is great but when I want to eat, I want to eat!!
5	Worth the wait...amazing food! Every member of my family ate each and every bite! From the coffee to the main dishes, you can taste the fresh, locally selected ingredients. Way to go, Matt's Big Breakfast!
4	I love this place. It's great and refreshing.  I try something new every time, always delicious. The staff is very nice and they are quick but friendly. The atmosphere is very nice as well.
4	May be the best place in Phoenix for an amazing traditional breakfast. This is the new location because they out grew the old. They actually have really good options for lunch too!
4	Love this place. They cook with real butter here (vegetable seems to mess with my gut (sorry if TMI)).
4	Exceptional breakfast with meals that are not all greasy and oily like other breakfast places. Fresh, local ingredients. Matt's is also very reasonably priced. Friendly staff that followed up often to keep my coffee fresh. If u are in town try to go during the weekday mornings so u don't have to wait in line.
4	May be the best place in Phoenix for an amazing traditional breakfast.  This is the new location because they out grew the old.   They actually have really good options for lunch too!
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE. I am usually not the biggest fan of breakfast places, as breakfast is not my favorite meal of the day, BUT this place is my new favorite. You may spend the extra dollar here and there, but the portions are huge and very tasty. I had the omelette and hashbrowns, and honestly, I don't know if my mom could have made them better! Another nice surprise was their jelly/jam. It was fresh and flavorful-not at all like a Smuckers package! I'm very glad to say I'm within walking distance because I know I'll be coming back for more.I would say though, the lines are long for a reason! Save yourself some time and call it in to go if you have the chance!
4	I'm from out of state, and my father and I love going to places that we see on Drive-Ins, Diners, & Dives. Although we hadn't seen this episode, we had heard good things about it. I'm not much of a breakfast person but I made an exception here. Their Waffle is one of the best tasting waffles I have ever had. The cream butter and powdered sugar topping was well portioned; their 100% pure maple syrup was an amazing touch to the waffle as well. Also, make sure that at at least one person in your party gets their homemade Honey Lemonade, especially their raspberry one if it's available. Their bacon is thick and cooked nice and crispy. I would definitely come back again if I were in town and it is definitely worth the wait.
4	This was an amazing place with amazing hash browns and an amazing breakfast sandwich called the five spot the only bad thing was that it was too small for how much business they had but all in all it was good
4	Love this place. The food was good and the prices reasonable.  The service was fast and friendly.  Overall a nice place to go for breakfast.
4	fantastic. even at the airport location inside the terminal!
2	Ok. Not great, barely good. Just ok.Maybe I just expected too much, I don't know, but the potatoes were bad, the omelette was average and the service was adequate (I asked twice for water which I never got.) Oh. And I didn't even finish the slice of bacon - which borders on sacrilege. With the big lines, I thought they did a good job of cleaning tables and readying them for the next group but that's not a big reason to endorse a restaurant, huh?
4	May be the best place in Phoenix for an amazing traditional breakfast.  This is the new location because they out grew the old.   They actually have really good options for lunch too!
4	Obviously a popular place but we still got seated fairly quickly despite it being a Holiday.  The food was good and the prices reasonable.  The service was fast and friendly.  Overall a nice place to go for breakfast.
4	Awesome food! I had the Hog and Chick breakfast, which is two eggs, thick slices bacon, hash Browns and sour dough toast. Everything was flavorful and extremely fresh. The coffee was tasty and the staff polite and courteous. Definitely a must try!
4	Great value for high quality food... best breakfast in Phoenix.
3	Cool place, food did not blow me away.
4	May be the best place in Phoenix for an amazing traditional breakfast.  This is the new location because they out grew the old.   They actually have really good options for lunch too!
4	May be the best place in Phoenix for an amazing traditional breakfast.  This is the new location because they out grew the old.   They actually have really good options for lunch too
4	Small place, with crowds waiting but definitely worth it. Great breakfast with all fresh ingredients, the coffee kept coming, the staff was attentive. It has hard to find a good breakfast place, this one hits all my needs and more. Great breakfast.
4	The Good:  I like the vibe of this place, a pleasant neighborhood type greasy spoon, but not dingy and grease-spattered.  Attentive wait staff.  Good opportunities for people watching.I had the Hog and Chick.  Excellent hash browns...riced potatoes with a nice greasy bottom with pan drippings and pepper clinging to them.  Just the way I like them!   The strawberry jam with the toast was superb.  And the coffee hot and tasty...no need for cream.The bacon was curiously unflavorful.  Next time I'd get sausage.  Not sure what went wrong with it...not enough salt/smoke in the curing?  It was cooked okay, just not a lot of flavor to it.  (Of course, I still finished it...even mediocre bacon is still bacon!)$12 for a breakfast seemed a bit on the high side, but not super exorbitant.  Had the bacon been good I would not mention the cost.  Still a fan though.  3.5 stars would be a better rating.
5	Matt's is definitely a local hangout, you can expect a short wait as this place seems to get busy easily. Being from out of town, I seek hidden gems like this out every place I go. The staff was friendly and helpful, they were personal and service was spot on.
5	We arrived at Matt's Big Breakfast to a good sized group of people waiting. We took this as a good thing. It had been years since the only other time I had been to Matt's, at the original location. We were seated in a very reasonable amount of time and a waitress took our drink orders right away. The breakfast and service was amazing. The Orange juice and bacon were some of the best that I have had. We all enjoyed the breakfast experience at Matt's. We look forward to going back to Matt's next time we are in town.
5	My favorite breakfast place ever.
4	May be the best place in Phoenix for an amazing traditional breakfast. This is the new location because they out grew the old. They actually have really good options for lunch too!
5	May be the best place in Phoenix for an amazing traditional breakfast.  This is the new location because they out grew the old.   They actually have really good options for lunch too!
4	The food was good and the prices reasonable.  The service was fast and friendly.  Overall a nice place to go for breakfast.
4	The new location does add a lot more room! But the old house I preferred, even if it meant an hour wait. I always walked else where and got a coffee to pass the time. Kudos to the cereal, though a tad pricey, but they do not slack off on portion sizes for the dishes. Worthy of a side note, order the bacon! (unless you do not eat meat)
