3	So far, not impressed. I was really hoping to find another great Pho place, but alas. We tried the "Nhat Special" sandwiches for lunch and they were definitely NOT special. What they were was thinly sliced pork and cucumbers -- no cilantro, no pickled carrots or radish. Pretty blah... On the other hand, the Pho was OK. Kind of flavorless and tepid, but OK.
4	I'm admittedly not a soup fan (except for Paradise Bakery's fire roasted tomato, but I digress).  So I have no intention of ordering pho when I'm out eating Vietnamese.With that out of the way, I've had the vermicelli noodle bowls here at Pho Nhat, and of the five Vietnamese places I frequent in the Valley - the portions here are HUGE.  I'm not talking just generous, but freaking HUGE, and a steal at $5 each. The bowls they serve this in must be 4 inches deep and 12 inches in diameter.  You can order these bowls in your standard combinations - I usually order barbecue beef and grilled shrimp.  They also go an extra step and throw in an egg roll.The digs here are pretty modest, but right in line with most Vietnamese places.  Try not to stare at the post-post-modern art of Mickey Mouse and Donald Duck on the wall - apparently it was painted for the owner's toddler.
3	It's cheap soup with cheap veggies, but when you're a college student and you're hungry and poor...this is a place to go.
3	Tripe never tasted so good. Ok, so that's a lie. Tripe and I aren't bosom buddies, that's for sure. But, I admit. I tried Pho Nhat's signature Pho cup, especially since I was craving authentic pho I hadn't had since leaving Oklahoma City and its large Vietnamese community. So, yeah. Me + Want + Pho = the objective. I've gone here twice. Once was to treat a friend, who ended up ordered some stir fry thing with rice (psha). The other was for selfish self-serving reasons. It was Pho-day (Friday) of last winter and I could think of nothing better than a hot cup of pho on a wintery night. So, I got my order to go. I don't think I like dining here. I think, if I were ever to have another hankering for Pho Nhat, I'd get mine to go. There's something just so wrong and beyond creepy about their Mickey Mouse Apple mural. Oh, and the Thai tea is good, too. Did I mention that?
3	My Asian friends swear by this food as a hang-over cure.  I think it's pretty tasty for lunch any day of the week.  They've got fried rice dishes, soup dishes and some yummy appetizers.  I personally love the Seafood Maloney noodles.  The shrimp rolls for an appetizer hit the spot too.  I'd also recommend their Thai iced tea too, if you like the sweet stuff.  Quick, cheap, nutritious.
4	Nhat or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Lemongrass ChickenA friend of mine loves this place for their lemongrass chicken. When I tried it the first time, I was a little turned off. The chicken had the texture of... not chicken and the dish was soaked in chili oil.Now, a year later, I'm hooked on the stuff. The dish is perfectly spicy and even the diced onions it's cooked with are delicious. Once you get over the chicken, it's a winner.
3	First, let's be clear. The Mickey Mouse mural came with the restaurant (it was on the wall before Pho Nhat moved in). OK, now that THAT is out of the way...#42, how I love you! I love you for your barbecued beef, shrimp, and eggroll all lovingly plopped onto a giant bed of vermicelli noodles with leafy greens beneath! I cannot help but adore your fish sauce, and I will keep coming back for more. I shall not stray from you, #42. You are the only one for me.Update: The last time I went here, the staff didn't seem very happy to have my (and my friend's) business. Maybe I will try some other pho. It's a bit sad that they haven't upgraded anything in this place either. You would think that a bit of paint wouldn't cost TOO terribly much?
4	I've eaten here many a time, and I think the pho is delicious.  There is something very 'fresh' about it.  That said, there is nothing attractive about the atmosphere or the staff.  They can hardly be said to be friendly, and the place has an almost septic feel.  Either way, everyone I've brought there has loved the food, so the atmosphere probably shouldn't factor in.  Great for lunch.
1	My boyfriend and I tried this place last year and we haven't been back since. The food was really unspectacular, they weren't really that hot. The price is a bit high since there's a restaurant by the same name on Southern and Dobson that serve much better food for less. The decor was really tacky and they should paint over the mural, it does not appeal to their clientele. Lastly, the staff was not nice.
5	woah woah woah... hold up, what's with the crummy reviews???fabulous service. it's the same two people always working day in and day out, night and day. even when they have some fresh blood in there, the core team is always not far away. i have been recognized to the point of getting my stuff made before i even order. i've walked from the furthest end of ASU campus to this specific location for the Thai Tea alone, and i would walk two times further for their pho.i'll admit that the football helmets and the disney montage with an apple thrown in there is NOT posh. but seriously, it's funny as hell and it keeps you coming back, if for nothing else but the "wtf... but why?" factorlike i said, good food and great service. not pricey. might i highly recommend the spring rolls? love that peanut sauce.
5	This is as good as it gets for Phoenix Pho. While they may be closed on Sundays and during the holidays (check ahead), you can satisfy your Pho craving here. I wouldn't go anywhere else. Service is incredible and fast. The prices are great and the serving sizes are HUGE. Pho Nhat is Pho-tastic!
3	Pho was pretty salty.. I felt like pouring in my ice water to even it out.. Maybe its done that way to please the non -asian crowd. The waiter was pretty funny tho, mexican fella totally spoke vietnamese to me (extra star for that!).
3	I did a "to-go" order at Pho Nhat last week and thought it was pretty good, but I wasn't blown away. It's not my favorite Vietnamese restaurant in the Valley, but I'll probably go back again to give it a second opinion. I wasn't a huge fan of the peanut sauce since it was more spice and less sweet.The Bun was tasty, but didn't seem as fresh as some of the other places I've eat at. This could have been because I got it to go, so I'll give it another chance sometime. The restaurant seemed clean and bright and it was packed at lunchtime, which is usually a good sign.
4	I've had several items here, some are better than others.  However, I would continue to go to this restaurant even if they served the lemongrass chicken as their only dish-- it is very pleasing!The place isn't too fancy inside, but the prices are low and the food is good.  the service has been good to great every time I have gone.  The operators are very friendly!
2	This place leaves a lot to be desired when it comes to decor. My family popped in for a bite after they got off the plane. I wasn't too hungry, so I got spring rolls, which were alright. Not great, but good. My mom and dad had a bowl of pho, and both said they weren't great. Which is pretty bad since they're not really ones to give negative feedback. There's better pho out there.
2	Don't get me wrong, for the ASU community, it serves pho that will suffice and pass for pho but if you have a car and can go elsewhere, go elsewhere.  Don't get this place mixed up with the OTHER Pho Nhat located on Southern and Dobson across the street from MCC.  That other place is AWESOME.THIS  place is all about mis-hits and complete misses.  I've come here and have had pho which is ok and other times when the broth is so laden with salt and msg that I feel suicidal 4 hours later.  I really hate giving out 2 stars to an establishment but the pho I tried here recently really made me feel ill hours after I ate it and I would be doing all my fellow Yelpers a disservice if I didn't say anything.  The good: clean establishment, close to ASU, huge playful Disney characters painted on the wall that reference BBQ even though it's a pho house, lots of parking, tall ceiling and you don't feel claustrophobic inside.The bad: somewhat salty/msg laden broth, small basil leaves.There aren't many "bads" but that broth was so bad it almost had me sawing away at my wrists with anything that was sharp.  I felt bloated yet dehydrated at the same time.  My eyes were super dry, the joints in my hands swollen, my mouth parched...  this place unfortunately deserves the 2 star rating of "Meh, I've experienced better."  I almost gave it a one star rating but I've had stuff in the past that was decent so it gets another star.If you're feeling lucky, go check it out.  If you have the best pho of your life, try to extend that luck and buy a lottery ticket.
2	Yesterday for lunch, a few coworkers and I went to Pho Nhat. It was my first time there, however my coworkers had previously gone on several occasions and raved about the pho. Since it had been quite some time since I had pho, I was looking forward to the experience. Perhaps it was simply a case of mis-aligned expectations, but I expected more in light of my coworkers opinion of the food. The portions are generous and inexpensive, yet the taste was bland, even by pho standards.
3	Totally delicious pho in a very informal atmosphere. The combination spring roll was very good. Prices are excellent! I would go back!
4	Great Pho I  would recommend the #7 and with the prices so low you can't go wrong here.
3	Its ok.....It's cheap and close to work.
4	Pho for a student budget!! what else can you ask? Good taste, I've tried different numbers (can't recall all of them), but always a lot to finish alone, so come hungry and leave happy.
3	If you're in need of pho in Tempe and can't make it to Khai Hoan, Pho Nhat isn't bad. Now, it's definitely not the best pho that I've ever had, but it does the trick. One thing I find very interesting is the sauce that is served with the spring rolls. I've had a lot of different variations of peanut sauce, but Nhat's is pretty different. It's almost like a peanut/bbq sauce. I liked it. So again, if you're by ASU, like pho and don't really have transportation to other Vietnamese spot, you may enjoy Pho Nhat.
4	I visited this place for the first time a couple of weeks ago and I have been back a few times since given the nice cool weather we have been having in Tempe.  Plus, it's vicinity to ASU makes it an ease to get to.  I used to go to Kai Hoan for pho, but the last time I visited, I was a bit disappointed by the freshness of the ingredients and the taste of their water (kind of grimy) so I have not been back since.I have not tried the Bun Bo Hue (which also used to be a staple for me), perhaps I will on my next visit.  However, the pho is tasty.  It is not watery, although it is also not VERY flagrant or robust.   I would say it is better than you would expect for $6.25.  One thing I would change, if anything, is that they slice the jalapeno accompaniment a bit thinner and that they provide a wider array of fresh herbs as well.  The pho only comes with jalapeno, lime, bean sprouts, and basil.  Which is fine.  But, other places also provide thinly sliced cabbage, mint, as well as a couple of other herbs that I can't identify...and it does make a noticeable difference.  Yet,  I will also add that typically, the price of pho at these places start at around $9.Looking around at the various dishes besides the pho that other guests were having, it seems that the lack of variety in veggies or fresh herbs, as well as large cuts of veggies is typical of Pho Naht's dishes.  For example, their egg rolls and spring rolls do not come with a good amount of veggies or herbs, their veggie stir-fry consisted of large pieces of celery and carrots, and a particular chicken dish came with no veggies at all.So far I have only seen one person, a nice young lady, running the front of the house.  Since it is just her, things can get a little slow when they get busy.  But the wait is hardly any more than 5 minutes or so and she is very friendly. Given its vicinity to ASU, its price, and what you get for the price, I will say this is my new default place for a quick and tasty meal of pho.
2	V is for very, very, extra ordinary.  Not extraordinary, kids - just ordinary.  Prices are in line with most pho joints, but they are a little sneaky and cut corners with the servings.  The portions are large, however they majorly skimp on the rice noodles and meat - it's mostly broth and whatever greenery you choose to add.  In a large bowl of raw beef with meatballs, I had 3 meatballs and 4 thin slices of beef, and the equivalent of three mouthfuls of noodles.  PLUS I have to take away a star for a lack of mint - we had cilantro and basil but no mint.  It made me sad almost.Cha gio (crispy spring rolls) were nearly devoid of filling, like mini cigarettes rather than the fat cigars you'd expect them to be.  Despite being tasty, they didn't com with any lettuce or greens to wrap them in to dip in the nuoc mam.  This also made me frown a bit.Young coconut juice was delicious and fun, and left me scraping out the coconut for the tender flesh long after my soup and spring rolls were over.I'm not at all pressed to go back - it was so ho hum for the cost, and there are so many places in the area that are much more generous with their dishes.
3	Unfortunately, given my most recent experiences here and my most recent experiences at Khai Hoan (see update), I will have to downgrade my rating for this place.  My basic gripe is that they don't really give you much in terms of noodles or accompaniments (beef, tripe, tendon, etc.).  You get a lot of broth and a decent amount of veggies, but not much of anything else.
2	Used to think this place was good but now that i have expanded my horizons I have come to realize it is not. I came back recently on my lunch break because this is close to campus and felt like a good idea on a cold day. I was disappointed after having been spoiled with the great pho other places. Got my standard which is a pho with rare beef. The beef was not rare nor was it plentiful in the bowl as i have come to expect other places. The broth seemed to lack flavor and the basil I was given just didn't look good along with the lime. Another knock is that they have a $10 minimum charge for a credit or debit card but a bowl of soup is $6 (pretty standard price so no gripe there) so you almost have to get an app and soup or bring a friend. Even a drink brings you just shy which means have cash which I rarely have.With unPhogettable, Khai Hoan, Pho ao sen and others in the area this should be left as a strictly a choice for convince sake and not on taste.
4	This place been around for a while and I've been going there since my college days... The location is a key... This place is set up extremely simple.  The food has always been acceptable and prices are very firm.  Not the best Vietnamese restaurant in town, but acceptable.  Can't complain being just a walk from ASU.
2	Super small portions. This is hands down the smallest bowl of pho I have ever had ($6.25). The pho came out in the standard size bowl. When it arrives you can see only broth... which can be normal. Many places you have to get your chopsticks in there to fluff up and separate the noodles. When I dipped my chopsticks in, I found myself stirring about a few pieces of noodles and no joke, 3 pieces of beef, 2 pieces of tripe, and 3 small pieces of tendon. I am truly annoyed and disappointed at this point. But wait, what about the broth. The broth was was too sweet which masked any depth of flavor. There are many better options in the Tempe area.
3	Had my usual dish here again today.  Lemongrass chicken doused heavily with chili paste.  I was the only one in the restaurant due to spring break at the university.The owner was there doing it all:  Cooking, taking orders, watching her kids, and refilling my iced tea.  She is nice and attentive, and the food is good.  Not the best Vietnamese I have ever had, but there is absolutly nothing wrong with it.  Tasty!Besides the Pho and the lemongrass chicken, I haven't been too impressed with the other menu items.  Pretty run of the mill chinese food mixed in with the Vietnamese delights.  I prefer to stick with the Lemongrass chicken and Pho at this spot.
4	I LOVE Pho.Any of the reviews that talk about service are ridiculous.  You don't go to a Pho place for service.  And you all should know that you bring cash to a Vietnamese place (the minimum card charge is $10 at Pho Nhat).  Just get used to these facts.  I didn't eat Pho (I had a vermicelli dish) so I can't talk about the quality of the Pho.  But there was plenty of beef and shrimp in the food that i ordered.The creepy Mickey Mouse and Donald Duck paintings are bizzarro.  And most def. a copyright infrigment.   This is just one stop (in my many) to find quality Vietnamese food in Phoenix.  Final rating: not bad.
3	Gave this place a try and what you get is the average run of the mill pho joint.The servings of meat are on the low side though...My pho with rare beef seemed mostly soup, luckily one of my friends only finished a quarter of their fried rice Service: averageFood: averagePrices; average
4	Really good pho! Random mickey mouse paintings on the wall. Service was great!
4	My husband and I enjoy visiting and eating at Pho Nhat. The owner/cook often takes time to talk to us and over the 5 years or so that I've been eating at Pho Nhat, we have developed a friendly relationship.  We often jump in for Thai iced tea, Vietnamese spring rolls, vegeggie Pho,and lemon grass chicken.   Very tasty, very fast.
3	I'm no Pho expert but this place is pretty good- I've gotten Pho to go a few times from here and they are very quick, but they don't give you as many add-ins as some other Pho places.. Bean sprouts, some cilantro, and lime are all I've ever gotten along with whatever meat options you get (I like raw meat and cooked meat- not much of a tripe fan).. But then again perhaps that's because I got it to-go. The decor of the place is really odd.. It's basically barren besides tables, chairs, and a weird mickey mouse mural.
3	The reason for the 3 stars is I dint like what I ordered. It was beef and egg rolls with noodles. The noodles was dry, but they gave me a sauce on the side in which I dont know if that has to be mixed in the noodles or  it has to be the sauce for eggrolls. I have been to their Mesa location though, it was a great experience. I'm gonna make a review on that one separately :)
5	My boyfriend, who introduced me to Vietnamese food, brought me here for the first time about 4 months ago.  It is not convenient to where we live, but it is worth the drive.  I order the #39 and he gets the #4.  The owner knows what we both order and its always delivered quickly.  Their Thai Iced Tea is amazing.
5	This pho place is quiet and small.  The broth is a little lighter than most but its inexpensive and still very tatsy.  The staff is friendly and helpful, have been and will be back for times to come!
1	I haven't been here for awhile since I moved to central Phoenix and either my taste buds got more discriminating or I got used to the pho restaurants in Phoenix. I ordered pho tai: the soup tasted salty, lacked depth I.e. sweetness, cloves, something..and the beef in the soup was tough, overcooked, and bland! I also got the barbecue spring rolls but it was small, thin, and also tasted salty without the sweet kick.  I also got Vietnamese coffee but it came "ready-mixed" in a plastic cup with ice and not in the "fun to mix little coffee canister" that most Vietnamese restaurants give you. I give only one star for the food and I'll stick to Da Vang restaurant on 19th Ave.
5	I've been going to this restaurant for at least 3 years now.  I typically always get the Vermecilli noodle, #42 to be exact, and am never disappointed.  Be careful with the fish sauce you get on the side, though.  You can really overdo it if carelessly dump it into your bowl.  When I'm sick, I'll change it up and go with a beef combination Pho.  The food here is always fresh, and the family who owns the place is very friendly and remembers me (and my order) every time I come back. If you're new to Vietnamese, just ask the waitress what she recommends for you. She'll help you pick out dishes that don't have strange parts of beef, tripe, or other things that the average cheeseburger eater would be grossed out by. Every other Pho restaurant I've tried hasn't compared in the slightest to my favorite Pho Nhat in University and Rural!
5	This place is nothing fancy but it's a great Vietnamese lunch spot with good spring rolls.  The lemon grass chicken, chicken curry and vegetable curry are all excellent.  Very affordable.
1	Never. Again. My husband and I decided to try this place because we were in the area and wanted hot pho on a cold night. My pho was terrible. The broth tasted like it was ramen noodle broth, which if you've had good pho, you know should never be the case. And then, to make the experience even worst, a cockroach started to crawl on our table and almost into our food. The server, who I believe is also the owner, came to check on what was wrong, and when we told her there was a cockroach, her suggestion was we move to another table. But at that point, we had already lost our appetites. We paid and left. The server/owner apologized again as we were leaving, but I was surprised she didn't comp our meal being that we didn't really eat. If you want pho, I suggest you go somewhere else where there is some attempt in making it taste authentic. As for the cockroach, well...I know Vietnamese restaurants are kind of notorious for being dirty so that should be your call if it's a deal breaker.
5	Has the best Pho in the valley have been to many but they do not compare at all to this place. The people are super friendly nice and food comes to you fast. We used to come all the time but now that my honey has left asu we don't get to go as often as I would like but we try as much as possible. They have wonderful rice as well and their noodles are terrific too!
1	Just got off the plane and needed some lunch. Heard this was a pretty good spot. NOT!  Maybe because I'm spoiled from the Bay, cuz this right here is nothing good aside from the AC. The egg noodle seafood was a mere two bites. The so-called seafood was a few cuts of the fake crab meat, 2 shrimps, and 1 shrimp cake ball. The broth was subpar. The worst was the lemon-grass chicken. It's not the chicken steak or thigh that I'm used to that is grilled. This was all chopped up in pieces and it tasted and looked more like Kung Pow chicken than the real deal. Bottom line: disappointed! Not returning even if I was in the area.
1	Worst experience ever. Customer service was bad. No one came out to take us to our seats or to take our orders. I had to go up to the counter and ring the bell. The restaurant was dark and didn't even turn the lights on. It wasn't for the mood either, probably to save electric bills. The water tasted bad, and worst of all, the food tasted horrible. I LOVE pho, and I usually like pho anywhere I go, but this place was nasty. NEVER GOING BACK.
4	The Mickey Mouse mural is gone now.  The spring rolls are fabulous and the Vermicelli noodle dish is a favorite.I go regularly and ALWAYS get speedy friendly service.
5	Great quick lunch and you can't beat the prices!
4	I went here when I had the flu because I needed take out. I ordered it before I left the house late and took much longer than I had anticipated to get there. I got there and they were super friendly, and the food was still piping hot! I got the chicken pho and it was delicious. My only complaint is that they should use white meat in it rather than dark meat, but it was still yummy. I'll be coming back again!
4	This is my go to place when I'm working and need pho fast! The prices are good, the flavor is good, and the service is good. I've tried better pho, but since this is one of the places close to my work, unless I want to wait 2 hours to get my pho even thought I ordered over the phone, I will continue to go back.
4	I won't go into the whole story about what first brought me here, but I'm glad I did.  I'm not pho expert, so I'm basing this review off of my general impression - not for comparison.Great portions for the price.  Broth is good, good amount of ingredients, and plenty of add-ins to customize the dish to your liking.  I can confirm this place isn't fancy, but I'm typically in and out on my lunch break.  I've been back numerous times since and always get good food, quick, and reasonably priced.
4	As the name implies, getting Pho here is what the majority do. I have tried their pho and it taste great. You can tell that they spent long time developing secret recipe of the soup. I would recommend all kind of pho here and you would not feel regret !! This place is average when it comes to the other dish than pho or soup base. I would say it's not their speciality but it won't hurt to try. However, I would at least try their pho!
4	I think it's great and pretty convenient, fast service, prices are not bad! nothing fancy but great for take out or lunch with coworkers
3	Dont go for the ambience, but the Pho is excellent! Enjoyed the spring rolls as well. I will return.
5	I've been eating here since 2000. The food is always great. I've never had bad service. Sure, the ambiance may be basic but that doesn't bother me. I'll be back
5	WOW! this is the best Vietnamese restaurant in Tempe! From Rancho Cucamonga, California went here a month ago to visit my family, carving for some Pho and ran into Pho Nhat. I have to say best pho I have ever had. I tried many Pho in my hometown Pho Ha, Pho Nguyen....it didn't come up to my standard. But Pho Nhat the soup truly tasted fresh and like its been boiled with real chicken and beef, not fake broth like other restaurants. Went here for lunch and it extremely crowded. Have to wait a while, but it was worth the wait because the service and the food was so fast in my surprise. I ordered rare beef pho, my husband ordered lemon grass chicken rice, and a coffee & thai tea.OMG! The food is extremely delicious and fresh. It is beyond so good. We filled up quickly the first time. My husband and I came back 2nd day after having few pretzels at Mesa Mall. WOW! The food tasted even better than the 1st day. I had pho again and my husband had  BBQ pork Vermacelli...we looked at ourselves after the 1st bite, I couldn't believe it ITS SO GOOD! WOW! OMG! I wish this place is near by.Will be back again when Im in Arizona
4	Had the grilled beef over with rice and a firm fried egg, rare beef pho, and fried rice. Everything was good and service was fast. There was nothing to take home!
2	I came here a few years ago. Pho tasted bland. Just came back recently because a bunch of people were going... still tasted the same bland flavor. Seems their broth just has no flavor kick to it. It's not terrible but there are better pho places out there in Tempe.There's Pho Cao (good) and Khai Hoan (very good). Try those places in Tempe. Better pho places are even better in Mesa. Strong broth. Lots of meat.
