4	I'm sitting here emitting small, burgery burps of pure delight as I write this...no, sorry, there are just some things that you can't unread:)I walked over to David's for lunch today and found a Texas Burger, fries and a vanilla malt sitting on the counter in front of me...what was I supposed to do...ignore them?No...you can't ignore destiny and destiny was calling to me, in the form a 1/3 lb's burger, with an onion ring, crispy applewood smoked bacon, Tillamook sharp cheddar cheese and barbecue/ranch dressing/sauce (you read that right...they mix them together for the burger and damned if it doesn't work!) with a platter-full of fries:)This thing was everything you want from a diner burger, wrapped in wax paper and served still popping and sizzling from the grill.I was tempted to hoover that thing down in about 3 bites, but reason took over and I sat there at the counter and savored the burger and the experience of finding a new burger joint, sipping my malt (pretty decent malt, BTW), having a few fries and just letting a feeling of well being wash over me, like grease from a great burger down the front of the white dress shirt of my lunch hour (it's a metaphor:)This place is right off Scottsdale Rd., and in an era of flash and dazzle, this place won't win any interior decoration awards, but it's clean and relatively modern, they do have a big HDTV (doesn't everybody these days?), and a fireplace at one end of the place...the fireplace wasn't getting much of a workout today.David's menu aligns almost perfectly with the name of the joint...there are burgers and mexican food, and not much else. It's family owned and operated and nowhere near as busy as it should be!I haven't seen the pairing of burritos and malts anywhere else recently and that will be an interesting combo to try out one of these days.I'm gonna need to stock up on Pepcid AC:)
5	The perfect storm of circumstance, opportunity and Yelp Talk all came together today:)The resulting irresistible mountainous wave of food based desire pushed me down the street, and back to David's Hamburgers & Mexican Food:)I've been there several times since I wrote the original review and I will submit that there aren't many better spots for a burger, vanilla malt, or chicken mole` in Scottsdale (and I think I would bet money on the fact there aren't any other places where you could get all three in the same lunch order:)Today was special, I saw a talk thread started by Samantha O, asking about chili, and remembered (that's right...so good I remembered it:) a chili-size I had there a couple of months ago...chili-licious:)I also ran my morning route along the canal (6 miles, didn't get mugged, decapitated or any of the other things that are rumored to happen to unsuspecting canal joggers...perhaps it's because I'm a suspecting canal jogger:)...at any rate, I was sorely in need of a retox:)And Pure is closed (another 1/2 written review, down the drain...oh well:) and it was probably too early to have a cocktail at Brackin's (even though it appears they are now open at noon! :-)So I thought, "OK, I'll take the bullet and try the bowl of chili at David's, to see if it's really that good"...that's right, I threw myself on the chili bowl so you, my fellow Yelpers, would not have to...You're Welcome!David's chili is as good as the rest of their offerings...spicy, no-bean chili, plenty of heat for most flat-landers...if you are like me, you need a bit more heat and David's will hand you the bottle of hot sauce to get you there:-)Add a vanilla malt and great and friendly service and what more could you ask for from your lunch?Well, I'll tell you what more you could ask for...you could ask for Tom Jones in Las Vegas, circa 1974, playing on the 4 flat screens, in living, dazzling color...and that's what you would get...yup, "Delilah", She's a Lady" and, interestingly enough, his version of "Lucy in the Sky, with Diamonds" serenaded me during my delightful lunch today:-)Vintage Tom Jones, new art on the wall and consistently terrific food and service move the needle to 5 stars for David's:)
5	Authentic, amazing, addictive street tacos.  They just don't get any better than this without a car and a passport.  Because it's in the epicenter of tourist town, for locals, this might be the best kept secret in Scottsdale.  And David is the real deal - a hard-working, humble, gracious Mexican American who serves up some of the best food off a crazy, ecclectic menu.  Stop by  - I absolutely guarantee you'll be pleased!
3	3.5 stars.. if you are looking for super cheap eats along Old Town after checking out all the shops etc this is a place to come. We got enough buy one get one free of lesser or equal value cards from the Farmer's Market and got an incredibly good deal. Our grill cheese sammiches with onion rings/ french fries were decent. The Texas burger was well liked despite the name (someone in our yelper group who shall remain anonymous said it was more of a Western Burger than a Texas Burger) and our little mini yelper in training liked her hot dog. Service is average and the food quantity is worth the price.  A cheap find (if you have the mini coupon card) or a decent value without the coupon...
4	After our Farm Session and Old Town Farmer's Market tour, we walked around Old Town for a bit.  By now my daughter was hungry and everyone else in our party said, they could have a "snack".  We had coupons that Kevin N. had picked up so we were good to give David's a shot.  I was kinda torn between nachos and a Texas Burger.  I waffled but when it came time to order I went with the burger.  My daughter had a hot dog.  The Texas Burger is like the Carl's Jr. Western Bacon Cheese Burger which is one of my favorite fast food burgers.  Except this was a real pattie that looked like it had been shaped by human hands.....not shaped by a round or square cookie cutter.  And it tasted like a real burger should.  The bacon was crispy, cheese was melty, and the onion rings were crisp.  This was a good burger in my book.  The fries were crispy on the outside...just the way I like them and fluffly on the inside.  My daughter gave the thumbs up to her hot dog and devoured the whole thing.  My companions enjoyed their food as well.  The one drawback I would say is that the service was slow.  We waited for our drink order to be taken and the waited for our drinks.  Our drinks were not refilled very quickly.  It was not super busy when we were there so maybe they were short staffed, I don't know.  Will I go back...yes, because the value was there.  It was a good burger for the price, with or without the coupon.
4	Good burgers, good service, and they serve the whole menu all day.  The fresh squeezed OJ was heavenly.I didn't try any Mexican food, but it definitely looked good.
4	David's is a really great place to grab a burger! It's a small shop with a 50's feel to it. They also offer shakes/malts, Mexican food, and breakfast (all day). I managed the Texas Burger, Amy enjoyed a David's Original - both were perfect. They could spend a few bucks on updating the sparse decor... but it's still cute and one of the best damn deals for your dollar in Scottsdale. I am planning to return soon to sample breakfast.
5	I am very picky when it comes to burgers. I wasn't expecting much when i ordered the David's burger and boy, was I in for a surprise. Freshly ground beef patties grilled to perfection . This spot is $$$$$ in taste but not in price :D
4	Finally a place that delivers to my house that's NOT Chinese or pizza! I've only tried this place once but I can say I was very pleased with my experience and will definitely be ordering from them again. The menu has a lot so you don't feel stuck and the prices are very reasonable, my boyfriend got the Texas Burger which he was raving about, and I got a chimichanga. The burger was huge and the chimi was even bigger. The best part was when I called in the order they estimated about 20-25 minute delivery time and the food actually arrived in less than 25 minutes! I'll have to stop in one day and have lunch so I can check out the actual restaurant, but til then NO MORE PIZZA delivery!! At least for a while.
3	The food was excellent, the price was awesome and it was delivered hot in 30 minutes! Their chili was great and their fries were tasty.  The chicken tenders were overcooked and tough, but for reasonable delivery that isn't the usual pizza or chinese I would recommend them to everyone.  They have a wonderfully diverse menu.  I will be ordering from them again.
3	Think Johnny Rockets but with the ability to also order a burrito or waffle with your burger.  Eclectic menu for the eclectic part of Scottsdale.  Also, good value.
5	We loved this place!  What a find!  Great service, Reasonable price and nice environment. We both had the Texas Burger and found it to be excellent.... Interesting combination adding a French Fried Onion Ring to a burger with BBQ sauce and cheese. One of the best burgers in town.  Next time we'll carry out and enjoy our lunch at one of the week end concerts at the park down the street.
3	I was looking for a place for a place to eat on here and saw that people reviewed it, giving it fairly good reviews. So, I went and grabbed take out from here. I ordered the carnitas from here. The carnitas were good and a hearty portion. I do wish that there was a bit more heat or kick to them and their salsa, but it was good. I was gonna go with a burger or, because it was early enough, I was going to get something like waffles, but I was curious to see how their Mexican food was. The place is a cute little place with, as people have said, an eclectic menu. They had good service with an attentive staff. I think next time I'll go back and try their burgers or breakfast food.
2	Long story how we ended up there, but after ordering lunch for a homeless man, the smell of charbroiled burgers got the best of me. The burger was fine, the fries were less than desirable, but the malted milk shake made it all better! I'm sure David thinks he's on to something here - cooking fresh burgers at a very reasonable price (and friendly service), but I have had better burgers and fries!
3	I've lived near Old Town Scottsdale for years and in all that time I've never really taken to the streets by foot, aside from a weekly visit to the Farmers Market. At first glance you ask yourself how many Indian jewelry shops can the area possibly sustain? Well the answer is, the turquoise market in Old Town seems to be doing quite well. So it was on a recent exploration trip that we happened upon David's Hamburger's and Mexican Food. So for me the idea of killer burger and tasty Mexican good is a match made in heaven, were talking major food groups here. Tucked between 2 galleries, David's is a blink and you'll miss it kind of place, very unassuming and humble. Inside you won't be wowed by the interior design but what they do have is functional and comfortable. With TV's at both ends of the hall like space, you'll be entertained by performance videos of 50's era rock 'n roll. I usually don't write much about soda pop, well never, but in this case the Cherry Coke ($1.95) was kind of special. When you order a Coke you can ask them to add a number of different flavorings from lemon and vanilla to chocolate and of course cherry. David's version is wonderfully fizzy and cuts through the richness of the upcoming meal. Of all the ways Mexican style meat is prepared, the grilled taste of beef is my all time favorite. If you enjoy this as much as I do then Id suggest the Carne Asada Nachos ($8.59). A massive pile of crunchy tortilla chips is covered in grilled beef strips, melted cheese, guacamole, sour cream and pico de gallo. While basic, I ate most of them myself leaving my partner to scraping the cheese off of the plate. If you'd like salsa on your chips, be sure to ask them to bring you bowls of green and red salsa. Now who doesn't like a big juicy hamburger? David's doesn't disappoint with David's Single ($5.99), say that 2 times fast. A 1/3lb patty topped with the usual suspects, then dressed with David's creamy sauce which to me was a thick version of Thousand Isle dressing, adding a layer of tangy goodness. Along side you have your choice of fries or you can choose to upgrade ($.99) to a mix of large deep fried onion rings and golden French fries. For dipping I a side of David's sauce did the trick in lieu of ketchup. The Patty Melt ($7.25) is classic diner food. We're talking thick ground beef patty, melted cheese and grilled onions on your choice of grilled sourdough or rye bread. The wholesome grease from the beef patty and grilled onions is absorbed into the bread creating a creamy like texture, for me this is what a patty melt is all about. Of course the Guacamole Burger ($6.25) with its pepper jack cheese, bacon and guacamole is the marriage of Mexican and American influence. If you're an early riser, David's also serves breakfast like Bacon Pancakes ($6.75) and Coconut Waffles ($6.25). Someone please pass the syrup. My only question, where is the breakfast burrito?
4	Very good value, excellent service.  We had the texas burger and the cheese enchiladas.  Both were great.  We arrived just before noon on a Friday and it wasn't busy at all.  Sounded like they do a busy takeout.
1	If I could give negative stars, I would... First off, all of their mexican food is grossly overpriced and their delivery takes FOREVER, but their burgers were good and they delivered to our work so we still ordered. Then our orders started getting messed up (one time there was a whole burger missing) and then this girl started answering the phone to take orders that I couldn't understand and she couldn't understand me. Today I have OFFICIALLY HAD ENOUGH!!! We called in our order (keeping it as simple as possible), they have stopped carrying Mr. Pibb (which is my friend's fav) and talked to me like I was an idiot about it. FOR ONCE I was given a short & reasonable estimated delivery time... Then my phone rang and I was told that my order would have to be picked up if we still wanted it & they were under new management and will no longer be delivering to our office b/c it's too far away... Meanwhile another group JUST ordered from them on Monday! And our whole office gives them a LOT of business and they just dumped us like that? Nope... Never again...
4	The burgers here are so damn good! I love the cheeseburger with jalapenos and the bacon guacamole burger and their onion rings. I also love that this place is open so late! Score.mmmm. Delicious.
5	Yummy strawberry milkshakes, can't wait to try their food.
4	Milkshakes are huge and delicious.  And cheap too.
4	Found this joint using the Yelp App.  It was 11 am on a Thu and was getting hungry.  I lucked out and found a parking spot right in front of the joint.  The place has the vibe and is decorated in a 50's Diner motif.  Music played from the time period and there's a soda like bar in the center of the restaurant.  The server gave me the menu and after a few minutes I decided to get:Texas BBQ Burger (Cheddar Cheese, BBQ Ranch Sauce, Onion Rings, Bacon) - $6.15 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/za9qr9ZZWLTfEgTfogRbUw?select=8vow_cM6bCgIO0HWGbCizwHot Dog (Nathan's Hot Dog, Onions, Relish, Mustard) - $4.50http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/za9qr9ZZWLTfEgTfogRbUw?select=aJkenAKKYIXTrSK1Of9b0QThe food came out pretty fast.  I was pleased to see 2 large pieces of real Bacon sticking out the side of the Burger....yum!  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/za9qr9ZZWLTfEgTfogRbUw?select=82Ua27nge5lTTx9N7g2rAgI went for that first.  The Onion Rings in the Burger were nice and crispy and had good flavor.  The BBQ Sauce was slightly tangy and went well with the other ingredients....and of course there's the Bacon.....perfectly cooked, not too burnt not too undercooked, just right!  All together it was an awesome Burger.Next up was the Hot Dog.  The Dog comes split in half (I like it that way).http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/za9qr9ZZWLTfEgTfogRbUw?select=uPb_Py9o7hP_7UCBsIqc-QCooked just right, the Hot Dog had a nice slight 'snap' to it.  The Onions and Relish were fresh and went together well with all the fixins.Fries came with both orders.....there was too much, so I didn't finish them....but they were very good.  The server was very friendly and was always checking on me.  It was a great dining experience.Return Factor - 90%
4	Cheap Mexican and American food, open late. What's not to love? Lol. Hard to find a cheap, basic restaurant in old town. Old diner feel. Great for a decent, quick, or late bit to eat.
3	3.5While I'm almost a fan, I should have paid better attention to the name of the restaurant when ordering.  Had it been Julio's Mexican Food & Other Stuff, my order would have been a wise choice.  But instead I ordered a carne asada quesadilla made by David who specializes in hamburgers.In all fairness to David, it was not bad.  I'm not a big quesadilla person, but the Mexican plates seemed to large for me to consume and expect to walk around the arts festival afterward.  And if I can't take it home, I'm inclined to stuff it down.  I didn't care for the meat in the quesadilla (not the seasoning, but the actual flavor of the meat itself was odd), but it was perfectly buttery and toasty and full of cheese and veggies as well.  My husband's hamburger, however, looked great and I was full of envy as I watched him finish it in record time.  That envy quickly turned to resentment as he sampled my quesadilla and remarked "yep, mine's better."  He would pay for his insensitivity later that afternoon.  I like that they will add flavorings to your soft drink, but my Cherry Coke needed more cherry flavoring and the addition of a cherry would be nice.I do love that this restaurant has not be redesigned to fit into the trend of turning "Old Town" into North Scottsdale, from the big counter on one side to the vinyl booths on the other.  I just think I'll still with burgers and shakes.  Well, who am I kidding?  I'll order David's Mexican food again.  I can't turn down anything in a tortilla.
1	It is hard to believe that we ate at the same place as some of these other reviewers.  We stopped in to get breakfast before going to a Giants game and had one of the worst dining experiences that we have ever had. My daughter ordered a cheese omelet--what she got was a folded pile of greenish looking eggs with a bit of cheese melted on top.  My son ordered plain pancakes with nothing on them (he is very picky about his food) and got four pancakes smothered with powdered sugar.  The waitress (who was wearing a sloppy grease stained shirt) seemed oblivious to his distress.I ordered huevos rancheros and got a plate with a slice of ham, two eggs, and some type of apple concoction all smothered with beans with a cup of covered canned salsa on the side.  YuckThe four gentlemen at the table next to us were so exasperated by the poor service and their mixed up orders that after trying to communicate with the staff ended up just leaving (they paid of course).Maybe breakfast isn't their strong suit, but if that is the case, they shouldn't serve it.
3	I've only been here once, but I had the burger and it was big and it was good.  I'm not saying it was the best burger I've ever had, but I'd much rather support this Old Town Scottsdale standby than a fast food chain around the corner.  The service was friendly, and I dig the 50's vibe they've got going on.  I'd definitely go here again.
5	Awesome burgers and fries! My chocolate shake was also quite yummy! Love how it looks like a cute little 50's diner. Haven't tried the Mexican food yet, but, I will next time. Definitely the place to go if you have a craving for a food burger,
4	I was visiting Old Town one evening, and my family and I decided to have some dinner before returning to the hotel. After walking around a few blocks, we decided on David's; it looked family friendly and seemed like a non-national chain dining facility, something I was gunning for on my cross-country road trip.We ordered 2 of their pulled pork taco specials and a salad. While none of these dishes were particularly special, they all tasted great. The pulled pork tacos came with 3 tacos, beans, rice, and a lovely dollop of guacamole and sour cream. The salad was huge, a wonderful portion for its price.Service was good, too; food came out in a timely fashion. All together, no complaints! Good for families!
4	Apparently I'm the Duke on @Yelp or the Mayor on @FourSquare or something so I should probably write a review huh?So I've been in probably four times and liked it four times, in particular the guacomole burger with bacon and grilled onions.  They make a good, straightforward guac here, no tomato to adulterate it, no bastardization with mayo or some other foreign spread.  Just avacados, peppers, maybe some lime or lemon juice and some salt.  That's all guac needs really.Service has been great every time, the prices are reasonable...people, why aren't more of you eating here?  This is a great local spot for burgers, BLT's and the like.
4	Great burgers and shakes! Quiet little place with good service. Used a restaurant.com certificate so it was very economical.
4	To my knowledge, finding a burger place that delivers is rare. It has to be exceedingly rare to find one that cooks some great food. Luckily for me, i found that place. I recommend the Texas Burger with onion rings. It's awesome!Here is a pdf I created for their menu: http://bit.ly/xjqgj4
3	Was in Scottsdale at the awesome AZ store across the street to purchase local fare for my NY besties and they suggested David's hamburgers. It is like an old fashion 50's dive diner. Little hole in the wall place. I got a Gauc hamburger with fries. It was surprisingly, very good. I loved the old fashion looking bar. I would go back maybe for breakfast. That coconut waffle sounds good. The service could be better, not horrid but not great either.
3	This is a difficult review. The food was good (the burgers were really good) and the place should be full of patrons because of it. Oddly, we were the only people in the restaurant. Besides the two servers who could have cared less that we were there, that is.The restaurant itself, in my humble opinion, should be painted, totally aired out and present itself as a sports bar or burger joint. The combination of mexican food and burgers is odd, and if you ask me (which you didn't but I'm telling you anyway) it just doesn't sell. Do one or the other and do it well.  The inside smelled heavily of grease, and we actually smelled like it after we left the place. Ick!The 60's motif just doesn't cut it, and neither does the obnoxious yellow paint. However, the food is the draw, and the burgers were really good (and inexpensive, considering). I'd go back for a hangover burger, but have to keep my sunglasses on and febreeze in my purse...
4	This is a burger joint that also has mexican food...stick to the burgers and you will be fine. The patties are fresh ground and not frozen. Went with a group and 4 of us had burgers one had tacos. Burgers were great the tacos were ok. We had fries and onion rings, both were good. Not the best burger I have ever had, but for 6 bucks i have no complaints.
4	It's tucked away, but don't let that stop you. We order from here a lot, and their food is awesome! I've had the bacon-onion ring- bbq sauce burger more thatn I can remember, and I can NEVER make the same thing at home! Kudos guys, and keep up the speedy service!
5	This place is great.  Just off of Scottsdale Road in Old Town Scottsdale.  Good food, great prices and very helpful employees.  They deliver if you are in the area.
4	I liked this place.  It didn't blow my socks off or anything, but it doesn't have to.  It's a burger joint and the burgers are pretty damn good.  For $1, you can add chilli, so fuck yeah, I got myself a chilli burger.  I haven't done that in years and I regret NOTHING.  They have good fries and I had some onion rings to share between me and my girlfriend, too.They also serve Mexican food which I'm curious to try, but in a much more morbid form of curiosity, the same level of curiosity that allows young men to watch horrible, horrible videos online.  Chances are, if you serve burgers and burritos, either only one will be good or both will be terrible.  I don't think they can do both; historically, I've never experienced this, but I'm not gonna ding 'em on something I've never tried.Overall, they're attentive, they have damn reasonable prices and their burgers and fuckin' YUM.
4	I enjoyed this place for a quick informal lunch at a good price. And the service ws outstanding - very friendly. Maybe that was David :-)  However, it is first and foremost a burger joint that appears to have branched out to mexican food as an after thought. The ambiance, decor, music (and the fact they have an old fashioned  "fountain" with stellar milkshakes) all remind me of a 50's style diner. No hint of Mexican there. But nothing wrong with that as the food is good. I'd return if I was downtown but would not drive out of my way for a meal.
4	Was going to Sugar Bowl (around the corner) for banana splits but wanted some real food also.  The food menu at Sugar Bowl is to simple/strange for me.We decided to try this place since there is a B1G1 coupon in the entertainment book.  It seems like a family run business and the decor is a kinda cute fifties soda bar theme.The bonus is that they offer breakfast all day (apple waffles, chocolate chip pancakes, ect.), Mexican (my husband loved his carnitas tacos. they were huge and looked tasty) as well as Hamburgers.  I had a veggie burger with cheese fries.  A little bit of everything for anyone.  :)
3	This review is a little dated seeing as I was there last year but, here you go.  This place is pretty good.  I had a vanilla Coke and a Texas burger. Zing and zang!My only complaint was that there was only maybe 8 onion rings that came as a side. A few more would have made me happy.  The ambiance is cool, although i was there in the late afternoon so it was pretty quiet.  i bet is sounds like an old school diner when it is filled up.I might drop by again soon.
3	When i looked at this place I wanted to run the other way. There was absolutely no magnetism there. I was with a group of family members and was out voted so in we go. We were greeted by a friendly staff that was eager to assist us (the place was dead). The waitress came by to take our order and I was going to go the Mexican food route. I figured heck i traveled over 900 miles I might as well as I am not going to get any closer to the border. I asked if they had horchata, and she had to go check. I took this as a bad sign either waitress on training wheels or has no clue what it is. Well they don't have any. So i decide to go with the enchiladas. Never again.... sorry guys the others in the party had burgers. They said they were good. Would I go back? i think I will go check out more of the local establishments before returning.
3	My girlfriend and I ate breakfast here using an Entertainment coupon. We both had omelettes, which were fine. Our server was prompt, friendly, and cheerful. The ice tea, coffee and toast were all good. And the booths are comfortable and clean.Unfortunately, my breakfast potatoes were without question were the worst I have ever had or even laid eyes on. They literally looked like they could walk off the plate. I tried them and could not even swallow. Cold and slimy. My girlfriend got hash browns. Imagine a cold mouthful of canola oil. A couple of small menu and order discrepancies also happened. The decor is unappealing and the pre-packaged muffins on display at the bar didn't leave a good first impression. The bathrooms were what you'd expect at a bar. Overall, we still had a good time, but I absolutely will not be returning.
4	Ate at this place for lunch a few days ago.  I had a burger and was impressed by the quality of meat and how fresh it tasted.  The decor isn't the greatest, but the value is good, and the portions are ample.  The service was also decent - overall, I enjoyed it and will return in the future.
5	It was the only place in town open at the hour and the food was really good. And it had burgers AND Mexican!It was greasy, but that's the way I like it. Some of my friends claimed to have gotten sick afterwards, but based off what we were doing earlier in the day, and throughout the night, I think there were other circumstances. (I was the DD and didn't get sick.) Our server was really attentive, bringing refills quickly and whatnot. And I thoroughly enjoyed my burger and fries. The place was really clean, too!
1	I can't imagine I am even talking about the same restaurant that some of the other reviews describe.  Driving down Scottsdale Road looking for a breakfast spot, we noticed a young lady holding a sign advertising David's, so we went around the block and went in.  Sunday morning, 9:30am.  There were quite a few customers seated.  First impression was...this must be good!  NOT!!!No one greeted us.  We took the last booth available. (still other tables available)After at least 10 minutes a young wait person asked if we wanted coffee.  We said yes, and cream please.  Soon heard the next booth being told there was no coffee available...it was brewing.  Coffee arrived maybe 10 minutes later....sans cream.  Asked for cream again.  Nothing arrived.  We took some from an empty table.Finally the person came to take our order.  Most of the staff looked dirty, and needed to either throw away, or at least wash their shirts.  Disgusting.  Looked like they had been working in the kitchen overnight, they were splattered with food.  Not exactly appetizing.We saw many more groups of people come in....stand around waiting for direction to a table, or at least be spoken to.  The staff seldom offered help, or even a hello.  I couldn't believe how many customers just turned around and walked out.  Finally...the food arrives.  My waffle had a blob of frozen butter sitting on top.  The syrup was ice cold.  The 2 eggs (over easy) had been fried to a crisp...the edges were brown and burnt.  The bacon was overdone and cold.My dining partner had an omelet which he described as 'just okay'.  The potatoes served with it were described as just nasty, greasy.The table of 4 ladies that sat behind us waited forever...with no water or coffee...but finally got to order some breakfast.  A burrito was delivered to their table with no salsa.  I heard the customer ask for salsa....twice.  Never did arrive.  Another lady was complaining her toast never arrived. Server said he couldn't remember what kind of toast she wanted.  The lady said just bring me SOMETHING please.  Never did see toast arrive.We could see that many of the other diners were very unhappy with their experience also.Other tables were complaining because there was never any coffee ready.Can they only brew ONE pot at at time??  For a restaurant full of breakfast customers??And they needed more staff.I made the comment this place needs to be featured on the TV show...Restaurant Impossible.This is not the way to run a restaurant.  Really.This is "season" in downtown Scottsdale!! People come here to spend money!! Very disappointing to see a restaurant floundering....that could and should have turned those table probably 3 times in the time we spent there....if it were managed and staffed properly.When we paid our check and walked out, I noticed we had been sitting in there almost 2 hours. No....we will not be going back to David's again.
1	I think I must have been there the same day as Ron H!!  As Ron mentioned, this is Spring Training time in Scottsdale.  There actually aren't that many breakfast places around in Old Town, and David's should be taking full advantage, but we won't be back next year... sorry David. I'm just going to list the problems we encountered:1. Seated and ignored.2. A table of four came in after us, and they were eating within minutes of our order finally being taken.  They were seated right next to us, so it wasn't as if we couldn't be seen!  The young lady who finally took our order must have been on her first day, but seriously... hello, anybody in there?3.  The OJ is fresh squeezed and very tasty, but they can only make one glass at a time.  It is not chilled.  The OJ was gone by the time breakfast arrived.4.  My husband ordered a breakfast sandwich.  I am not a traditional breakfast person, so I ordered a turkey sandwich.5.  We sat there and sat there and sat there.  The narrator's voice of Hells Kitchen was playing in my head, "and the guests were getting impatient."6.  Finally, a waitress (not ours), inquired if we had been served yet (since the previously mentioned table of four were leaving after consuming their meals).  She hustled  back to the kitchen and came out with our order, apologizing for the delay.  I figured it was our dingbat server's fault, and I did not hold it against the establishment as a whole, except for the fact no one was following said dingbat around to make sure she was doing her job.7.  Our food arrived.  My turkey sandwich was tasty, but I was noticing the "3 slices of bacon" promoted on the menu were absent.  I thought about complaining, but then my husband, after taking his first bite of his breakfast sandwich, said "taste this bacon, it is the saltiest bacon I have ever eaten."  OMG, what an understatement!  It tasted like they rolled the bacon in salt, fried it, and then rolled it in more salt and slapped it on an egg sandwich.8.  Hubby complained... I decided not to complain about my asbsent bacon.  They offered to make him another (he requested sausage instead) but the whole process took so long, my husband finally cancelled the order.  We were in there well over an hour by this time.9. The older guy (maybe this is David or the manager) was very apologetic, offered to take it off the bill and wrap up the new sandwich to go, but hubby decided he was probably better off not taking a chance.
3	My biggest problem with David's is its identity. First is the menu. It's a fusion of 50's style dinner food and Mexican. Then there's the decor. It's neither 50's nor Mexican. Oh sure, oldies, mostly 50's play on the sound system but that's where the correlation between the menu and decor ends. To their credit David's does put out a great burger and the tacos aren't bad either. The chips are served warm and the salsa is actually homemade and quite tasty. I've been here twice and both times there were no more than 3 tables occupied. Even so the service isn't great. If your timing is good you might pass by when the owner is outside handing out 20% coupons. David's is nestled between the high priced trinket shops and restaurants of touristy Old Town Scottsdale. Somehow the place just doesn't fit but the food is good and inexpensive
1	Waiting, still waiting. Ordered a delivery and it never showed. Had to do pizzahut as a back up after waiting an hour.
3	The biggest problem preventing this establishment from success is CURB APPEAL. It just looks REALLY cheap. The exterior window displays look absolutely wretched. Whoever created the visual elements that are supposed to lure in customers just has no imagination and seems unwilling to spend any money on improvements. Too bad, since the food is quite good. I took my son and we both were impressed. I'd actually passed this place hundreds of times before finally dropping in. And I think that revelation speaks for itself. It just lacks appeal.Once inside, the staff appeared somber, which always unnerves me. Were they surprised to see customers in the middle of the afternoon? I think they were! Again, I must comment on design elements; this time, inside. The interior is as uninspired as the front window displays. The restaurant is long and desperately needs mirrors. It tries to look 50's, but just comes off like cheap plastic masquerading as chrome. Here's a tip: Drop the hideous yellow wall paint and draw your inspiration from authentic 50's dinners. Frame some original movie posters; get an old motorcycle in there. Do something! Its sad really, this is the only diner in the area, so they're just hurting themselves. People want this place to succeed. They also do NOT have a liquor license, so that's gonna be an automatic deal-breaker for some patrons.
3	To be fair all I ordered was oatmeal, but my dad swears they have the best pancakes around! Perfect hidden breakfast spot to try.
2	Wow-I'm really surprised that this place got as many good ratings as it has.  I had a single cheese burger which was really bad.  The patty was thin, over cooked, and the cheese was not melted.  The fries were fair but I think they were frozen prior.  There were not many people in the place at lunch time as well.  I would be surprised if this place is still around in 6 months.
4	I've ordered delivery from here several times. Each order has arrived on time and tasted better than expected for delivery food. I haven't tried the American menu items yet, but if I'm hungry for Mexican food and I don't want to go out to a restaurant, I would definitely order from them again.
1	Terrible service and terrible food. Our waitress said under 10 words to us none of which I could even hear. I ordered cheese enchiladas plate with no salsa and received cheese rolled in tortilla with no sauce what so ever on them not even red sauce. Rice wasn't cooked and neither were the beans. Yuck. Best part of dinner was my Pepsi & the chips and salsa. Huge waste of money.
5	This place had really good American burgers and shakes at a very reasonable price for the area. I am still full 4 hours later. yum!
2	I ordered nachos, which do NOT come with refried beans. I ordered them for an additional charge, and received a very small side container of dry, unsavory, refried beans. As a whole, it wasn't necessarily all bad, but it was definitely not good or impressive. I ate about 1/4 of the order, and threw the rest away.On a lighter note, the waiter was polite. I was the only customer, however, which doesn't bode well with me.
4	I placed an order for delivery, and received in about 30 minutes. Not bad. Plus this food is delicious. I ordered the guacamole burger, fries, chocolate peanut butter shake, and a house salad. The salad is the typical lettuce, tomatoes and cheese, and the fries - well they're fries, nothing special. But the chocolate peanut shake and the burger are super tasty! The burger was loaded with guac, bacon - YUM! I'd definitely order again!
2	Pretty good but could b better.
5	I've only ordered delivery from David's. I have this unspoken agreement with local restaurants- I will continue to pay them for their food up until the moment that they decide that they don't want my money. There are myriad ways to get this point across- they could bring my food half an hour late with no explanation or apology, which of course means cold food. They could also change the quality of food for the worse, that's a big one. They could also overcharge me and refuse to apologize for their mistake. However, it seems that David's Hamburgers and Mexican Food wants me to continue to give them money, because the quality of the food is consistent and delicious, the delivery is right around the proposed time, and the customer service is perfect. I will continue to shove your food into the lowest hole in my head at this rate.Also- their hot pastrami sandwich is the best I've had on this bloody coast.
2	I hope David's Hamburgers & Mexican Food burgers are better than their Mexican food.  David's has a '50's theme that for some reason always raises the caution flag. Yet it was clean and very empty, however I arrived right in the dead zone between lunch and dinner. After a quick look at the menu I ordered the chicken enchiladas. The server then asked a strange question, "Would you like the free chips and salsa that come with the meal?"  "Well yes a would thank you.", I replied. My free chips soon arrived as did my salsa. The salsa was freshly made but about as bland as one can make salsa, not a good sign. After a short wait my enchiladas arrived. I must say they looked quite good. Yet after the first bite it all went down hill. Bland sauce, bland chicken, dry chicken did nothing to improve on the salsa. The refried beans that came with the enchiladas were too bad, not great, but good. The in house made guac was excellent. Service was average. My un-enjoyable didn't get finished which should tell you something. Enchiladas, soft drink and free chips $13 with tax.Will I be back? Maybe, the reviews for the burgers are quite good. The in house made guac almost got it 3 stars. Just say a big NO for the Mexican.
1	Went into the restaurant and no one acknowledged us. Worst customer service I ever experienced! Horrible choice if you are expecting service.
4	Very good turkey burger and chili dog. Good prices. Interesting decor. Good service, all staff are very nice, multiple staff always coming by to check on you. Had live music while we there on a Saturday.
3	We ate there for lunch over President's weekend.  We sat at the counter, as the restaurant was full.  The place has a 50s diner feel.  They had live music, which was fun.  Our burgers were good and service was OK  And the meal was affordable.  The only complaint is that we had an ENTERTAINMENT coupon and rather than removing one of the burgers (buy one get one free) from our bill, they deducted the price by hand and left the tax on it.
2	Asked for apples on side...they still put them in the syrup.  No butter...ordered French toast.  Deliver driver couldn't even give me a $5 back for change.  Last time, I ordered a milk shake with my burger...no straw.  I won't order from them until I'm told they have tightened up a bit.  Considering the lackadaisical effort, the $1 delivery charge is a crock of shit. Food is usually alright from what I remember.  Was alright this time.  I'm still all set with them.
2	As I was eating this David's burger with one hand, my other hand was battling one or two of those pesky gnats floating right above the table. Those things are tough to kill unless you clap your hands on them or make a good effort to trap them against the wall of the booth. I finally nailed one of those guys near the end of the meal. As for the burger, it wasn't as good as my previous visit over a year agao - nothing ever is it seems. They use frozen fries and onion rings, but claim to use fresh meat. I don't understand why you wouldn't make more of an effort with your fries/rings if you focus on burgers. David's Burger is set up like an in and Out burger right down to the thousand Island, so for about 3 bucks less you can get fresh fries and the same burger over there basically.  For some reason, the Patty Melt that my date had looked good, but overall this place is a dinasaur in the burger wars in the area. And hold the Gnats next time please.
3	A little joint who had a country singer from Branson, Mo. singing away in there at the time.  The burgers are pretty darn tasty and not too pricey but they need to check themselves with the service.One time I went in there for some drinks cause I was melting from the heat and it took some time to not only get the drinks but to get them to come back and take the money so I could go!  Another time hubs went in there to get some to go burgers for us and again - service was totally discombobulated about taking, getting, giving the orders and change! Fix those elements and ya might just get more stars.
5	I have become a regular at this place. GREAT Burgers and Friendly Staff. A step back in time as you sit in Boothe's listening to 50's and 60's music. Simple Mom & Pop place which makes it great, they care about the quality of the food and service. Occasionally they have Live entertainment. Paula Williamson has been there a few times singing, great show. Great location in Old Town Scottsdale.
4	I've been meaning to update this for a while. I gave them another try, because they have delivery (only $10 minimum, and $1 delivery fee, I believe). I tried a burger instead of Mexican food, and WOW! What a vast improvement! Their burgers are huge, tons of great choices, comes with a side, and the prices are VERY reasonable.
4	I am mostly vegetarian and typically eat really healthy. I was due for a cheat day and was craving a burger but didn't feel like driving anywhere. After seeing the mixed reviews for this place I was skeptical ordering a burger but decided to go for it and went with the Guacamole Burger and Deluxe Oreo Malt.For delivery this was a solid burger. I was happy with my choice. The guacamole was pretty good. It was hard to tell if it was freshly prepared at the restaurant or store bought. If it was store bought it was of higher quality. I love avocado/guacamole and I can't stand most store bought/pre made guac. The burger was good size and well proportioned. There was a good ration of bun to meat to toppings. The lettuce and tomato was fresh and the meat was slightly pink in the middle and tasty. I love burgers but they need to be well proportioned and not have a huge bun or tons of lettuce to make it look big. This was done right. Next time I'd go with no mayo. It just doesn't need it as it's already a juicy burger. The fries were ok, nothing too special but decent fries I gladly ate. The Oreo malt was pretty solid. A good blend of oreo and vanilla and a good size which I was expecting for $4.25.I'd order from here again
4	good fries
5	We went to David's for breakfast on a Sunday Morning, we ordered breakfast and lunch items. I would have to say it was the best food we have eaten in the Phoenix area. Our server was excellent. Don't miss this place!!!! Best breakfast and Lunch.
3	I previously reviewed this restaurant with 5/5 stars. I went back and the burger I had before was very subpar. The shakes were still good!
1	On Saturday mornings, we like to hit up the Old Town Farmer's Market and then get some breakfast.  Our usual joint was booked and we thought we would try something new.  From the outside, David's Hamburgers looked like a good place to try.  Stepping inside, was quite different, but not in a bad way.  They feature an authentic Yodeler from Branson, MO, and have her posters everywhere, along with a 50's style theme.  It works for what it is, a hamburger joint, right?Our problems started from the moment we walked in the door. The restaurant had one other patron, sitting at the counter, and there were 7 of us, four adults and three kids. My mom, daughter and I arrived first, ordered our coffee and OJ and waited for the others.  They strolled in about 10 minutes later.  We didn't see a server for at least 20 minutes.  At this point, there are more guests walking through the door, looking to fill their hungry bellies.  Our server finally notices we have added to our group and we give her our entire order, as we didn't know when she might come back.  I could see she did not have a lot of help, so I gave her a break, understanding her being flustered.  We found entertainment with the Yodeler, and the kids weren't losing it...yet.An hour and fifteen minutes after we showed up, the food arrived in two orders, 10 minutes apart. It was cold and not very good.  My pancakes had turned rubbery and the sausage was overcooked to almost burnt, but my eggs were undercooked.  It was the same around the table.  Complaining, once I grabbed a manager, did no good.  He took my mom's plate of biscuits and  gravy back and microwaved it, as if it was normal. He never offered to take the food I clearly couldn't eat off of my bill. If this is the type of service they are offering, I'm not buying...ever again.I was surprised to see such disregard for customer service and in Old Town Scottsdale?
4	Walking inside the place I noticed how the overall atmosphere of it is very 50's 60's. the decour insideComplimenting the atmosphere!We were not greeted by anyone and it took them about 4/5 mins to meet our server. When she did come over she was quite nice and brought out drinks out right away.My boyfriend ordered biscuits and gravy and I got a tuna saladSandwich. The biscuits and gravy were delicious! Tasted very homemade and full of flavor! The sandwich was good as well very large portion,Definitely moneys worth. I plan on going back and trying their burgers! The service wasn't all that great but not terrible either... The food was tasty and fairly priced!
4	I stopped in her one afternoon and was pleasantly surprised.   The decor is fun---50's diner  themed.  The service was good.  I ordered the enchiladas which were good!   I probably should have ordered a burger but the server suggested their Mexican food and it wasn't bad!
4	Yum!This is a cute place with good food. We had a great time and loved the atmosphere. The service was also very good.
5	I love this place.   Best "Texas Burger" ever!  Side of onion rings and delivered to my door in 20 minutes at 5pm?!?  Do it!
3	This is one of my favorite places for take out in Old Town.I'm only giving it three stars because they've messed up my order a couple times and the food is good, not great but an excellent value regarding the amount of food you get for the price you pay. I usually go for the heavy "Texas Burger" donned with cheese, bacon, bbq sauce and onion rings with a side of fries.Again, great value for the amount of food but the quality isn't top notch. I'm also a bit confused as to why they have a woman singing in there during lunch time. That would keep me from eating at their restaurant because it's both loud and a bit uncomfortable since the music she's singing is so out of style that I don't think my grandparents would even enjoy it. I'm sure they lady has a great time doing it and makes money with it, just not my taste.If you're looking for cheap takeout with crispy fries and large burgers, hit up David's. They'll even deliver but it takes much longer for your food to arrive than if you were to call it in and pick it up. Plus, the one time I've had it delivered it all showed up soggy.
4	Fast, fresh diner food. Yummy waffles, eggs and crispy bacon, fluffy pancakes, Huevos Rancheros, tuna melt, burgers. An Old Town experience, representing some of how it probably was in the 50's and 60's.  Kinda quaint, a little bit kitschy. They don't pretend to be something they're not! People are very nice. There's a brother and sister who serve tables that are super! Has a family-run feel to it.I discovered Paula last year. She is a world-class award winning yoddler, the real deal from Brandon, Mo. Now, I knew nothing about this music until Paula, and is not my fav genre still. But I have to say she followed her dreams, achieved accolades for her work, and has a passion for it that should put her naysayers to shame. Live music is never a bad idea.She reminded me of Dale Evans and Roy Rogers from when we we kids. And I surprised myself by knowing some of the songs! Like Willy Nelson, Tammy Wynette's Stand By Your Man.She does requests. It was fun for the whole family, all ages.Overall, it makes for a unique old western experience, I think folks will enjoy! Plus they deliver to the local area, great value!
4	Beautiful bountiful burger!This mildly 1950s-themed diner is the one inexpensive eatery in Old Town, so I walked in with low expectations but left delighted (and very full). Trying the Texas Burger appears to be almost mandatory among Yelpers, and a very fine burger it is. The bun is toasted, the bacon is crisp, the onion ring is onion-y, the burger is juicy, the BBQ sauce has tang, and the cheese is... kinda there. The fries are fries. I ate them.The service is service. It gets you fed.On the whole, it's not quite on a par with a really top-notch Smashburger, but the relief of getting a nice, simple, affordable dinner in that section of Scottsdale lends savor to the meal.
4	Great pancakes good fast service.
4	We were in the area on Christmas Day and most places were closed for lunch. I called and this was one of the few places that was open, they deliver and was so accommodating. The driver even stopped at a grocery store to grab us a six-pack since they don't serve alcohol. The sandwiches were huge and good!
3	This one is hard because they are the only place that delivers Mexican food and my husband can order a burger. The refried beans and rice are both good and the steak is average at best. The problem is eery other time we order there they mess the order up somehow. Either they make the wrong burger, switch meats, forget the chips/salsa or give us cold food. It's typically a draw if we will get the order correct or not every time. It has not caused us to stop going there, but does make us annoyed with their accuracy.
4	Now, I'll tell you I was a little skeptical.  A place that serves Mexican food and diner food.  Come on, now.  But, I had a 2 4 1 entree coupon via my new entertainment book, so a colleague and I decided to give Davids a try.  And what a cute little 50s style diner it is!  :)We called in our order and walk over.  When we get there, we let the guy (maybe it's David himself) know that we phoned in our order.  And a minute later he brings out our Davids burger.  Tasty burger.  Handmade burger I believe.  It was falling apart on us.  All in all, fast and friendly service.  Decent eats.  We'll be back !  :)
2	I gave David's 2 stars because the food is good, and delivery is generally very fast when we order in the office But... I would not actually recommend dining in. Today a coworker and I decided to give it a shot and dine in, we order in the office all the time and love the food. When we first arrived we were told we could seat ourselves but every table was dirty. an employee came by and cleaned the table we wanted to sit at and then took our drink order. The same girl then took our order a few minutes later we asked for  separate checks and ordered our lunch.  We waited close 30 min for our orders consisting of chicken Fajitas for my friend and, a slice of Cheese cake for me. She did not bring the extra plate my coworker requested or the side of sour cream she ordered, and beyond that she also did not refill our drinks. We finally asked the other employee working if he could bring us the requested items. He got our servers attention and she finally got the items. She had been busy talking on her cell phone and be bopping around she only had one other table it was pretty dead in there actually. When she did she finally noticed our cups needed to be refilled she refilled them with the wrong beverages my friend was drinking Coke and Got a refill of Ice tea. I finally asked for our check because if we didn't get it soon we would be late back to work, big Shocker she did not do separate checks as requested. Really she may have been the worst server I have ever had. I am beginning to wonder if that is just the way it is when you dine in at Scottsdale restaurants, two times this week I went out for lunch near my work and both times it was worse than the other.  Now the food as always was really tasty but the service was so piss poor I can honestly say I will never dine in again.  delivery only !!!!
3	I would give a higher rating but since I only experienced breakfast, I'm reserving those marks for an update. It is cozy and welcoming so you can't go wrong, especially stepping in to find a Patsy Cline-esque wooing you to take a seat. Blueberry pancakes were my fave, with a side of hash browns covered in oozing homemade hot sauce. You can't go wrong with that sauce. And if you sit on the patio, particularly on a random rainy day in Scottsdale, you feel like you've been transported to a time of simplicity!
2	If I were rating on food alone, I would rate David's 4 stars...but I'm not.  I have ordered delivery from David's 4 times, and EVERY SINGLE TIME they've gotten something wrong!  My boyfriend and I always order ranch with our French fries, and the second time we ordered, they left out the ranch.  So, the next time we ordered, I specifically mentioned the ranch and the fact that they'd forgotten it before, and I asked them to please remember it this time.  Was it in the bag??  No!  Another time, I ordered a breakfast burrito and specifically asked for sour cream and salsa and told them to be sure not to forget it...and they forgot it!!  I call and complain, and the person I talk to sounds like he's 20 years old and couldn't care less that I'm complaining.  I did get a credit once, but no other time has it been mentioned.  It's a shame that the delivery service sucks so bad because the food is actually very good.  Their burgers are great, and their milkshakes are to die for.  But, next time I order delivery, I'm going to tell them that, if they mess anything up, I am never ordering from them again.  Four times in a row screwing it up is just ridiculous.  This is delivery food, not rocket science.
1	Terrible, Terrible, Terrible customer service! This is the only delivery place that has breakfast; I don't have a car. I have ordered from this place at least 6 times, each time a bad experience. I understand people having a bad day, but not once have I talk to someone on the phone without attitude or treating me like I am inconveniencing them. They have never delivered to me on time, EVER! I ordered for delivery online a few mins past 9am. It said my delivery would be here at 9:58am. I wait until 1030am to call and ask them where my food is. The guy said "He left about 10 mins ago. He should be there any minute. If he doesn't know up in the next 15, I will call to find out where my driver is." ..... ooookay.... 10 mins go by, the delivery guy shows up at my door. Almost irritated, no smile, no apology. I ordered a Two by Four (2 scrambled eggs with 4 pancakes), hot chocolate and vanilla iced coffee with extra x2 vanilla. The eggs and pancakes are luke warm, not to mention I only got 3 pancakes, the bacon is cold and dry, and the coffee was iced black coffee. Terrible.
5	Best burger I've had in Scottsdale. Period. Perfectly juicy, hot, tasty, ooey cheesy goodness with awesome fries - consistently delicious. Where else can you get such an amazing burger (double) for $8 - especially  in Old Town?Cute diner setting, super friendly wait staff, great music and bottomless fries. I always recommend David's when asked where to get a good burger.I have heard delivery is rather slow, but we opt to dine in - there at least once a month - definitely give it a try!
2	The food is always delicious. I have never eaten on site always order delivery. While the food is one of our favorites I have some serious complaints about the customer service. It is always hard to get a hold of someone to place an order and more often then not we are left 'on hold" which means placed on the counter to hear everyone's conversations.. 10 min later we are usually helped and it takes quite a while for the person to take the order down.One of my biggest problem with Davids is we order for the office 4 different  meal orders, all being delivered to the same location, and each order is slapped with a delivery charge. ( most other lunch spots we order from divide that fee up or only charge once.)Its a bummer when choosing lunch that we have started to look elsewhere so we don't have to deal with their customer service.
4	Great hamburgers! Love their guacamole and the Mexican food is awesome... there is never a wait in this quaint eatery and the service is usually great! It is a family favorite.
2	The food is probably great if you eat at the restaurant, but I had a horrible experience while ordering online.  The order arrived about 35 minutes after we placed the order but one of the items was missing.  We called and they said they would send the driver back, but 40 minutes later we were still waiting on the missing burrito.  That is unacceptable service.  The food we did get was pretty cold. I would not recommend getting the food delivered.
1	Thinking a burger sounded just right, I stopped in here for dinner last night and ordered the Route 87 with lemonade.  The lemonade was fresh, but a bit tart for my preference.  The fries were great, and the burger was tasty.  HOWEVER, halfway through my meal, my boyfriend spotted a giant cockroach on the wall a foot away from me.  The waitress removed it, apologized, and comp'd my meal but heebie jeebies will keep me away from this place FOREVER.
2	My fellow coworkers and I order delivery from David's often.  Their food is decent and their prices are reasonable and we're just too busy to leave the office and get lunch.  Normally they are very prompt with delivery, however, there have been a couple of times when we had to wait A VERY LONG TIME for our food.  Today it took almost 2 hours.  Needless to say, the food was cold, limp, soggy and disgusting.  The reason I'm writing this review is because both times I've called them to complain and they just simply don't care.  There has been no offer to replace the food, or discount the food or anything.  A very trite and insincere apology was all that was offered.  I will NEVER order from this restaurant again and I will NEVER recommend them to the hundreds of people in the corporate complex in which I work that are always looking for a restaurant to deliver them lunch.
5	Just off the main drag but well worth the little walk to get there. GREAT FOOD,  SERVICE AND PRICES. Much better food quality and larger portions than higher priced fancy places. Down home atmosphere, good music and friendly, courteous staff ( not over bearing or inattentive). Would go back in a minute if I was closer. Great ending to my vacation.
4	David's seems kind of hit or miss. I've been several times and the first time was definitely the best that got me hooked. I always get the burger (plain) with fries and a milkshake. I love the food, cooked well, nice seasoning and great shakes!I think the price is right for what you get, the decorations are really cute, like diner and pinup-ish, however the staff seems really annoyed by idk questions about the food or asking for a side of sauce or whatever. They looked at me like I was crazy when I asked to get my menu back to see what kind of flavors they have for ice cream, "Well, you can just go look..." OKAY, but I'm asking you now, then I explained I wanted shake flavors and she told me a couple. I got up and looked at the menu later and would have ordered different ones if I had gotten my menu back. Shake my head. I definitely don't let that get me down though with how cozy the place is and yummy the food is!Usually it's not that busy with plenty of seating and occasionally they have obscure performers, first time I was there they had a duel piano player, haven't seen him since though. Decor: 4/5Staff: 2.5/5Food: 4/5Wait: 4/5Price: 4/5
5	Just ate there for the first time and it was delicious! Best patty melt I've had in years. The manager, Lupita was so sweet! I will definitely be back again soon. Cute little hole in the wall burger joint!
2	The star rating is not what I want to give David's because I typically enjoy their food. However the only way I have found to eat David's is in the physical restaurant itself. I've ordered delivery from here a few times and it's never good. I just got cheese fries and a burger and I can't even eat the burger because the bun is so soggy and same kent the fries. Both are soggy, cold and not edible. I felt bad for the delivery guy so I still threw him a bad tip even though it took over a hour to get here when they told us 35 minutes.Pretty bummed about David's right now
3	I found this place while looking for a fairly inexpensive place to eat and decided to wing it. Walking in, I was shocked to see how dead it was for a Saturday night and I'll admit I started to wonder if this place was going to be worse than my expectations but I took a seat. I like that they sell art from local artists but overall the decor looked pretty run down. Just needs a little sprucing up. I ordered a Route 87 cheeseburger and added an egg. The description appeared to be my favorite burger from Jonny Rockets (coincidently named the Route 66) which I also add an egg to. It arrived it was everything I hoped it would be. The taste was almost exactly like Johnny rockets. Yyuumm!! The fries were a bit cold but edible. The highlight for me, however, was my waitress. She was attentive and so very friendly, checking on me frequently , ensuring my coke was always full. In fact, she kindly offered a to go cup as I was leaving. Score! I wish I had gotten her name because she was a star.
1	Dont Waste your time!!I wish I could tell you that the food was either good or bad...unfortunately, we did not even get to taste our food, as they were somehow unable to successfully deliver it. When we called back 90 minutes after our initial order, the food had not even been made yet, as they were having "problems with their driver". Again, don't waste your time...they certainly wasted ours!If you aren't able to competently deliver food, then perhaps you should consider removing delivery as an option. Honestly, this is a first...and will be the last for this place!
1	I ordered some nachos online at 4:00 pm, and after an hour and a half called in to see what's up. Apparently, the driver dropped it off at the wrong apartment. After talking with the manager, he said I wouldn't be charged and he'll send another out right away. Almost 4 hours later, it's 7:42 and I still don't have nachos.
4	I ordered from grub hub, this place has amazing food!!! I got my order very fast, great burger and hot fries, the apple pie was absolutely perfect, and my cookies and cream milkshake was on point.  AND IT WAS DELIVERED!;) yay! I will definitely be ordering again, I would give five stars but one thing really annoyed me, this is sort of a huge pet peeve of mine... If you are making a hamburger for the love of god please get a bun that is bigger than the burger!!! I hate it when the burger falls off the edge and you end up just eating half a burger patty... Other than that small criticism, I loved everything.  Oh, hunts ketchup is kinda gross though;)
5	The Burgers are very good! They have a classic taste.  Nothing flashy just good ingredients.  Their Mexican food is very good as well.  I have ordered from them 3-4 times on grubhub, they are always fast and the food tastes great!
4	David's has the best shakes, at least i think they do.  They are served in old fashioned milkshake glasses and youngest the container they are blended in.  You can get flavored sodas like an old fashioned soda fountain.  I usually get vanilla coke, sometimes cherry coke.I have always eaten in.  The breakfasts are decent.  My only objection was with the fried potatoes.  It looked like they had taken french fries and diced them up and fried them.  Kind of disappointing as i am a big fan oh home fries with real potatoes.Definitely worth a visit in my book.
4	The food is great and the wait time is even better. I've ordered from here about 4 times and if the boy deliveries he is on time and ask if I need anything else and if everything is correct.  If the girl deliveries she is an hr late, has to stop at the front office to get a map of the apartment complex and forgets half the food in the car. The amount of food is more than enough to get you full and is extremely cheap. Every time I had a problem they were sympathetic and accountable.
5	I was impressed with David's Hamburgers and Mexican food. The building is a cozy little 50's themed outlet in Scottsdale. The music matched the decor and was enjoyable. The place was clean, not spotless, but clean. I ordered the guacamole burger. It came with pepper jack cheese, bacon, lettuce, and tomatoes. You can also get fries, onion rings, or cole slaw included in the cost of the burger. I got fries. I also got a Dr. Pepper. The fries were good, but nothing noteable. The burger was also good. Perfectly cooked to what I ordered. The guacamole was amazing and everything else was good.What really stood out to me was the service here. My server was a slender middle aged man with grey/white hair and glasses. I sadly did not catch his name. He gave me PHENOMENAL service. I was greeted promptly, he was knowledgeable about the menu, he checked back on me often, but not too often. My beverage was NEVER empty and he was professional in his conduct. He even gave me a to-go cup so I could have Dr. Pepper when I left. I sincerely hope that all of their staff are this way and that he is recognized for his AMAZING service. I will return to David's on this aspect alone.To conclude, the food was good, the building was pleasant, and the service was PERFECT. I recommend you try David's Hamburgers and Mexican Food.
5	This restaurant is a hidden gem! The service is great and EVERY item on the menu is amazing! I first found this place searching for online deliveries on grub hub and had to see what the restaurant is all about. Although it's not aesthetically appealing, the environment still makes it a great place to dine and the employees are more dedicated to making their customers happy than most.
1	Runny salsa, weird "ketchupy" ceviche, and bland shredded pork tacos. I won't be back for a second time.
3	Went to grab an order to go. I have been going to rehab burger but wanted to give this place a shot. Inside was pretty cool. Had an old time diner feel to it. I ordered the Texas burger but asked the sauce to be on the side. By the time I brought it home I found I did not get the sauce on the side. Seems like a pretty simple request and it's not like they were busy (I was the only one there). Having said that the burger and fries were pretty good. Just a straight up tasty diner style burger the way it should be. I guess the in enthusiastic service and the screwing up of my request of having the sauce on the side is why it's 3 stars instead of five.
1	What a joke!I made a simple order -- burger, fries and a salad.  30 minutes later they deliver a salad and 2 fries, but no burger.  OK, stuff happens.So I call them back and Hector says they will cook me another and get it to me right away.  We are 4 blocks away, so after 30 minutes, I call again and hector says that it's on it's way.  When I asked what that meant, he said that the delivery guy was leaving with it then.  So I wait another 30 minutes, and call again, and Hector says, "Oh, the delivery guy didn't take it because it was cold."  So I asked if he was having another prepared, and he sounded confused by the concept.  He said he would have another made up and have it sent "right away." That was another 30 minutes ago.Of course, there is no manager on duty, so what should I expect?I was an idiot and paid cash (and tipprd the delivery guy). Don't do what I did --  use a credit card.
5	This place is great! We've lived in Old Town Scottsdale for 6 years and this is our go to spot for breakfast delivery. They always arrive on time or earlier than quoted, food and coffee always piping hot and 100% accurate. Delivery people and order takers always friendly. It's a great place for out of towners too...real old school diner feeling with malts and shakes.  Oh, and the chili fries are just like the ones from Coney Island in Detroit where I grew up!
3	Great food, awful service. Every time I come here I feel like I'm speaking Martian to the waitress.  Recent example: we finally stumble thru getting her to comprehend our order, only took 4 minutes to order a plain burger and a davids burger and two drinks, she comes back about 5 minutes later with one drink and then spends the next 7 minutes bussing tables.  Then we tried to explain to her what Mr Pib is, despite it being right on the menu. Ordering anything was like pulling teeth.  Also had to send our check back twice... Don't come here if you don't have patience.
