3	The service is a highlight. But the rice tastes... plastic-y to me. The paneer is very bland compared to what I've had at other restaurants. It left me missing Bombay Cuisine and wanting to try the Turkish restaurant across the parking lot. The sauces were really tastey and they do a good job of adjusting the heat up or down according to tolerance. The garlic naan seemed really thick- which could've been a fluke because I don't remember it ever being like that before. I've been here about 5 times.  Nice atmosphere, nice service, tastey samosas (on the hot side!!!).Here's the deal- I would go here if that's where my friends wanted to go (which is what happened last week). But I would not choose to go otherwise when there are two other Indian restaurants that I enjoy so much more.
4	The lunch buffet is probably one of the better Indian meals in Charlotte.  Dinner can get a bit pricey.  Service is adequate.  Atmosphere is better than most Indian restaurants in town.
5	The food and service here are both great.  Any dish you get will be unique and flavorful.  My favorite is the chicken vindaloo.  Be careful the vindaloo is extremely spicy.  They also have a fairly extensive lunch buffet worth checking out.
1	Reasons I will never go to this restaurant again:-Out of all the empty tables, the waiter (a creepy, older man) sat me at the table against a wall right next to the door, pretty much isolated and alone.-The waiter tried to find out where I was from (my ethnicity), where I lived, whether I was working that day and whether I was on my lunch break, whether I was married, and whether I lived alone or with my parents. -When I was getting food from the lunch buffet, my waiter would pop up from behind me and point to the last dish I got and say "This, very good."-When the waiter had nothing to do at the moment, he'd stand against the wall across the room and just stare at me. I felt extremely uncomfortable there, and the buffet was not worth its price.
4	The smell of this place was a striking mixture of chai masala tea, cardamom and curry spices. The wait staff sat our group of four in a small middle table. This was a bit uncomfortable and we had requested a booth, but hey, they were busy.We started off with two appetizers along with two bottles of La Crema, a delicious white that quenched the flame of the hot vindaloo dishes. My favorite appetizer was their sweet peshwari naan with cherries and coconut. This stuff tastes like pie filling!  Add to that the freshly baked puti (puffed bread) and we were on our way to fantastic meal.Bombay Cuisine shines when it comes to curries, offering seemingly endless variations. Plus, you can choose the level of spiciness to suit your own tastes.  We ordered a five, not American five, but Indian five. The extra chilies cleared my sinuses and made my temperature rise.As a vegetarians I found nirvana in the muthia (Indian dumplings) in a  vegetable cream sauce. We ordered three different curries and the carnos ordered tandoori chicken. The curries were served with basmati rice.Overall the best dish was the peshwari naan. Never had I experienced a bread product that thrilled my taste buds in such a way. If you go try this naan and surely you will walk away satisfied.
4	Great consistent quality of food & service. The lunch buffet is perfect for begginers in the Indian food genre. Very clean & pleasant decor.
5	I restaurant is great and i love their catering services.  If you need a half pan or pan of curry for a party, they have very reasonable prices.  The dishes are filled with paneer, meat, or veggies.  They do not skimp... great way to feed a crowd and keep your kitchen clean.They also catered my wedding.  I really can't tell you how great they did, especially since they had to make the trip to Columbia, SC for the event. The Indian restaurants in my hometown leave something to be desired, so we went with a Charlotte catererWe had a tasting at the restaurant, the owner drove down to the site to see the venue and attended the event to make sure everything went well.  The food was perfect, looked great and tasted even better, actually, it tasted even better than the tasting samples.  We were so impressed and everyone said they would be using his restaurant in the future.  Am I gushing?  Well, I guess I am, which is really rare for me... its just that through this whole wedding process, you find that it is rare when a company really lives up to their promises.  They did a great job, very professional.
5	My friend and I went last night to Bombay Grille. We started with samosa (she ordered and oh boy what a good choice). They are very filling and come as two big pieces. I ordered chicken palak. It's quite tasty but a little spicy for my taste. Next time note to self to order only #2. Luckily, the waiter was very prompt in refilling my drink. The garlic naan was sooo yummy! I can eat that for dinner with the sauce of Chicken Palak. I wish this place only 10 minutes away from my home...
5	One of my three favorite restaurants in town.  My husband and I come here so much that all the waiters know us and I never have to give my order.  I just say "the usual".  My "usual" is the Chicken  Tikka Masala, which is to die for.  I have eaten at Indian restaurants all over the country and have never found a better chicken tikka masala.....not even in New York!  My husband is more adventurous than me and has ordered a variety of items from the menu.  All have been excellent.
5	When my stomach says "Indian" food for a meal, this is probably one of the first places that pops into my head.  I live in Matthews, but I still make the trip to Pineville for this food.The dining area is a bit dark for me, but gives the place a unique atmosphere for a dining experience.  The servers are in all black and are very quick and attentive to re-fills (especially critical when eating spicy food since you may need some emergency cooling chugs).  The servers do a good job of telling you what dish is what as well.  Hopefully one day I can be pretty good at ordering and being familiar with certain dishes.There are a ton of vegetarian options on the menu.  I tend to lean toward the carnivore side of the menu, but I tried the Palak Paneer and it was excellent (if you enjoy spinach and cottage cheese).I'm hoping as Charlotte grows to be more diverse, more places like this show up on the map.
5	My favorite Indian restaurant in Charlotte! The food and service are excellent.
5	2nd time we have been to this restaurant and it was great!  The service was good the food was great!  They will alter the food to how spicy you like it.  I would definitely recommend this place!
3	Visited here for the first time on 1/21/2012 with a Groupon!Atmosphere was nice, dark with lots of recessed lighting, you could definitely go casual or dress fancy and be in place with either. The service was really good, fairly quick to take your order and bring out plates. Plus, they had a waitress constantly refilling your glass of water (which can be a blessing at an Indian restaurant if you accidentally order something to spicy for your taste!)Half of the menu was vegetarian, thumbs up for that!!I was impressed that they immediately bring out a complimentary plate of very thin flat bread and chutneys as soon as you're seated. We ordered the veg sampler appetizer, which was pretty good. I definitely preferred the paneer pakoras and cauliflower pakoras over the samosas. I ordered the malai kafta as my main course, good. Garlic naan and paneer bread were very impressive.I enjoyed Bombay Grille, but it doesn't top the quality of food at Woodlands... I'm forever spoiled.
1	I had buffet lunch here yesterday. I went after 2 p.m. There was no tandoori chicken and they did not refill it till 3 p.m. By that time I had already finished my lunch. The naan bread was like a rubber sheet. They never bothered to refill the bread basket. The food was below average. The chicken curry was passable. Chicken tikka masala was below average. They had aloo gobi with uncooked cauliflower, I guess the dish got empty and they tried to refill it by throwing some half sauteed cauliflowers. Biriyani was a joke. I have tried most of the Indian restaurants in Charlotte and  I would rate this as the second worst. The only thing they bothered to refill was water. I will never return to this place and I will not recommend it to any of my friends.
4	Our choice and the choice of our son's family when we want Indian food in Charlotte.Excellent food covering all the Indian traditionals such as tandoori, curries, samosas and other appetizers, breads, etc.  Portions are reasonable, along with prices.  Carry out is very normal and it is packed to stay hot for over an hour.  Sometimes we have picked up an order and could not eat it until two hours later and it was reasonably warm enough to not require reheating.Some in our family are spice sissies, so we usually order medium heat, but they can melt your inlays and challenge your tongue's survival by ordering level 5 out of 5, or even higher.  Always try a lower level before you take on the masters of spice.You might want to order extra rice if you like rice to sop up the wonderful sauces as much as we do.  Their naan bread is excellent, thick and doughy.  Naan, rice, sauces:  what more do you need to yum up your tum?The dining area is comfortable, romantically lighted with booths and tables, serving the same menu as take-out.  We think this would be a good first date place as well as a family dining experience.There is a buffet lunch, but we have only used the Bombay Grille for dinner so cannot comment on lunch.
5	We have been dining at BG for several years now and it is still the best all around Indian experience we have found in Charlotte.
4	What a hidden treasure!  Wonderfully authentic and fairly priced.  My friends and I came here for their Sunday lunch buffet and we were not disappointed in the least bit. I was skeptical at first over the location and feel of the restaurant.  The joint is fairly dark (and, I hate to say it, but- dumpy).  There also seemed to be a thin filmy layer of grime on the benches.  After much convincing, my friends finally got me to stop complaining and try the buffet.We, of course, tried everything (as that is the right thing to do at a buffet). Everything was a literal burst of tasty fireworks in our mouths and we spent the rest of lunch raving about how wonderful the food is!  We also ordered a side of Samosas (not included in the buffet) and I would highly recommend them to everyone who eats here.  I will definitely be back for a repeat!
4	Good Indian food is hard to come by, in most cases. Charlotte has quite a few options and I'm happy to say that Bombay Grille has stolen the spotlight for me. I had heard great things and read all of the shining reviews they had to date. I was pleased to find a very humble dining room, complete with appropriate music. I love me some Indian tunes!We started out with the standard pappadaam cracker bread. Very brittle and filled with flavorful spices. All three dips/sauces were choice. Fresh, pungent and never lacking in flavor or interest. Next, pakoras. These little fried bundles of joy make something as boring as cauliflower AWESOME. An assortment of lightly fried and seasoned veggies, dusted with cumin. Tender, flavorful and intriguing. Worth every penny. Then, garlic cheese naan. If you don't get this, you're missing out. Awesome flavors. A perfect marriage of textures as well. If you have some of the sauces left over from you pappadaam, USE THEM. All work with the naan and rather well, I might add. Entrees. My wife had the Palak Paneer. Green and savory sauce. Filled with fresh herbs and chalk full of hefty chunks of fresh, house-made paneer (Indian Cheese). Tofu-ish texture and perfect for topping on your rice or MORE naan. I'd get this dish and I'm not even a vegetarian. I had the Lamb Korma. Dude, I love me some lamb. They do this up RIGHT. Tons of flavors swirling around a hilarious amount of steamed rice. I can't think of one thing I didn't like about this dish. Other than when it was all gone. *tear*Service was top notch. Get ready for some contestant visits from your server(s). They'll upsell you a lot, too. Always will ask if you want more of....EVERYTHING. Price is very reasonable as well. Me made it out under $50 for the two of us. If you're in Pineville and looking for some ethnic, culinary greatness, Bombay is the dankness.These guys do quite a bit of couponing as well. Seen quite a few around these parts. Also, they do FoodieCall. Get that stuff delivered! BOOM!Cheers!
4	I'm teetering between a 3 and 4...but I choose a 4 and I'll tell you why in a second.I came with friends a few Sundays ago and I fell in love with this type of buffet-I generally equate buffets with Golden Corral and run the other way.  For a newbie to Indian food, its great to be able to try a little bit of everything.  If you love food that uses a variety of spices in unusual combinations (not necessarily spicy as in hot), Bombay Grille provides a nice introduction to Indian food.The buffet is small-ish and usually has several chicken dishes-butter chicken, curried chicken, and chicken vindaloo among others.  The sauces are out-of-this-world delicious and even the paneer (Indian tofu) has a bouncy texture.  The buffet includes fresh naan brought to your table, which you can dip in the delicious sauces from the entrees.  They have a strange looking dish that is chopped spinach, mint, and chickpeas-looks like baby poo but tastes delicious!  The reason that this place deserves 4 stars is the mango custard desert.  It is creamy. delicious, and helps cool off my over-spiced American palate after a spicy meal.  I would bathe in this stuff if I could!!!  Be sure to save room for dessert.  Tip: The Sunday buffet is more expensive ($12), so try it during the week if you're budget-conscious.
4	I've been coming to Bombay Grille for more than 6 years now.  It never fails to surprise me every time that I pull into the place that it somehow keeps the lights on and stays in business.  Now let me be clear, I'm surprised it stays in business because every time I go there for lunch, it's dead.  Shocking really at any buffet, but especially at a buffet where the food is as good as it is here.  It's really really good.  The naan is fresh, the Chicken Kormi and chicken curry are delicious.  Any time they serve lamb, consider yourself lucky - it's amazing.  To top it off, they often have rice pudding available to finish off the destruction of your blood sugar.  It's great!  The only problem is that it usually has to sit on top of two plates of delicious food and soup which means your stomach is about to overflow.  The service is also respectable, and it seems as though the same 4 or 5 guys are always working, so if you're a regular, they'll recognize you.  The only reason it's not a 5 star place is the decor and cleanliness.  I'm not saying its dirty, but it's not sparkling, and the dimly lit dining room doesn't bestow confidence in germaphobes.  I would however recommend this place to any foodie type who knows that sometimes you have to look past some of the details to find the gems.
5	I really enjoy coming to Bombay Grille for a filling and satisfying Indian dinner. I love the chili naan and the samosas they offer and they have a large menu that has traditional Indian food as well as an Indo-Chinese section on the menu. I have also been there numerous times for their lunch buffet (more on the weekends so gather up some buds and go during the work week). The buffet has never been totally the same and you can get in and get out fast, even though I dont mind hanging there smelling in all the goodness. Enjoy!http://www.bombaygrille.com/charlottemenu.html
4	First time eating Indian food.  Great staff great food.  clean.  All around excellent.  Can't wait to try it again.
5	Great Indian food! There is always great food on the buffet. Great for take out or dine in. Kid friendly.
5	We had a GoPlaySave coupon for The Bombay Grille and decided to give it a try tonight. So, so glad we did. The food was delicious.  Awesome service. Nice environment.  No hassle at all using the coupon. No complaints at all. We will be back.
4	Bombay Grille has excellent chicken korma. Their weekday lunch buffet has really tasty food as well. You can find authentic tandoori chicken , an assortment of curries, sauces, rice, fruity, and vegetarian options. Their naan is pretty awesome as well. What I really like is that their staff are very friendly and knowledgeable! Their prices are very reasonable too. Great place!
4	Dinner from the menu is leaps and bounds better than the buffet at lunch. Otherwise pretty good Indian food. Love the staple Indian dish, chicken tikka masala. The naan is great too.The staff James good. They're very attentive and the restaurant decor is great. Indian restaurants are known for their lunch buffet. I enjoyed dinner at BG but the restaraunt's buffet wasn't great so I couldn't give it 5 stars. I actually debated giving it 3, but ordering from the menu will result in a great experience, so I will go with a 4. Also, while the atmosphere is definitely kid friendly, almost all of the buffet options are fairly spicy, too spicy for almost all kids. I love spicy food so I enjoyed it and it wasn't overwhelmingly spicy for me and wouldn't be for most adults. Again, when you order from the menu, this is not an issue. Cooper on East Blvd is a great Indian cuisine option.
4	This restaurant had been recommended to me many times and while my Aunt was visiting for the holidays we decided to try it. I will honestly say my experience with Indian food is fairly limited but I LOVED Bombay Grille!  We ordered the Samosas, garlic naan, chicken korma, and chicken vindaloo. I love spicy so we got level 4 on the korma and the waiter warned me the vindaloo was very hot. I have to admit the vindaloo was super hot lol... It was amazingly good but it did make my eyes water at first. The korma was a perfect 4 and was very good! As for the naan an samosas, I was in heaven both were awesome. The rice was okay (seemed a little under cooked) And that was my Only negative. We also ordered 2 masala chai teas and my aunt was impressed said it was the best she's had! All in all this was a fantastic experience, the staff was attentive and helpful and I will be back very soon to try more of their dishes and their lunch buffet!!
3	Despite the atmosphere (not too inviting), and unfortunately the slow service, the food was actually good.  This appears pretty consistent as I read the reviews before trying it out with the family.
4	I was very pleasantly surprised.  I've traveled to India many times and make it a point to go to Indian restaurants when I travel to other cities in the US, so I've developed a bit of a taste for Indian food. I was not expecting much, I suppose due to its location and ubiquitous name, but the food was excellent (relative to other Charlotte Indian restaurants). We got takeout on a Sunday night (another reason why my expectations were not super high) and once we got home, I could immediately tell we had potential. The chicken biryani was very good, perhaps not traditional, but its very hard to get good biryani in any restaurant around town and this was about as good as we've had so far.  The chicken tikka was also very good - not overly creamy and thick, but not too thin and with just the right taste - not all "doctored" up like some places like to do. Simple, yet right on point.All in all, very good.  I'm rethinking my top Indian restaurants in town after this experience. Bombay Grille now goes towards the top. I gave it a 4 just because I tend to give my 5s to those rare places that I think were absolutely exceptional. I have not found a "5" among the Indian restaurants here in town yet.
2	After reading some of the reviews here on yelp, we wanted to give this a try. We went here for a lunch buffet on a weekday, had to wait few minutes while the table was made ready. Were somewhat disappointed (probably due to higher expectations). There were hardly any choice in the appetizer selection and very limited options for vegetarian palate. The saving grace was the naan which was continuously served at the table, fresh and warm. The overall experience seemed somewhat disappointing.
4	I teeter between 3 and 4 stars on this review but I decided to be nice :)We almost missed it because the "bomb" on their sign is not lit up so it says "AY GRILLE"  currently.  That almost turned me away.  I have this weird stigma with restaurants or shops that have half a sign lit up without fixing it.  It just seems so bootleg.  But, I pressed on...Atmosphere--Not much to write home about, a little dingy, a little 70's/80's with the mirrors and lighting, rather small so we were literally on top of another party, etc.Service--They seemed super busy or way understaffed.  A 10 year old little boy sat us but then we didn't see another soul for at least 15 minutes.  No drink order, no greeting, no wine list, nothing.  So, that was really weird.  When the waiter finally approached us we asked for a wine list but that was the wrong thing to do because he ended up pulling his disappearing act again.  We noticed there was a party of 8 that must have been sat RIGHT before us so we just got their sloppy leftovers.  Was it bad that I was glaring at the party and that I was thinking to myself they have SOME nerve coming up in there taking over the joint?  haha...  When the server was ready to take our order he literally looked like he was breaking a sweat.  I totally get it, I have served tables before so I sorta felt bad for him.  However, that didn't prevent me from noticing that we had been there for an hour with nothing to show for.  **they were REALLY good about refilling waters though.  The Food---the food was their saving grace.  I am pretty much giving them 4 stars based on the food alone.  I thought it was really good.  The garlic naan was so fresh, the chicken korma was cooked to perfection, and had just the perfect amount of flavor, the rice was done well, etc.  The only thing is that there wasn't very much chicken in the tikki masala--just a few big chunks so hubby left hungry.  I also found the masala sauce to be too pastey...it was like a spaghetti sauce in a way.  But, it was good.I'm not holding the bad service against them.  I clearly came on an "off" night.  If the big oversized party wasn't dominating the whole restaurant then it would have been a much more pleasant experience.  So, I will give them the benefit of the doubt and I will return if they get the sign fixed ;)
4	Had a positive experience at Bombay. The food tasted as expected. I had the chicken tikka masala, lamb biriyani, and garlic nan. Everything was tasty, but the garlic nan was phenomenal. I would return.
4	Loved the lamb madras and the Peshawar Nann. The lamb was cooked well with just the right amount of spices. The peshawar nann was something I never had before. It was filled with shredded coconuts, cherries and cashew nuts.
5	No, I haven't been to India. No, I'm not going to india, YES, I love indian food! This is one of the top indian restaurants in Charlotte. I've only ever eaten their buffet ($9.95 weekday) and thats just fine with me. I love to try a little bit of all the different flavors, and then wash it all down with a mango lassi. If you live anywhere in South Charlotte, its worth trying. It isn't a fancy place (if that's what you are looking for), but it's fine, and the food is why I keep going back!
5	I love the food here!I have tried many dishes here and everything has been solid.  My favorites being the vindaloo, korma, and palak paneer.  The rice is perfectly seasoned and everything tastes fresh.I usually get the food to go.  It takes a while but I prefer that everything is made fresh, so I don't mind.  They always give you plenty of rice and will not hold back on heat so be careful what you ask for.This is my Indian spot!  I drive 25 minutes for take out and do not seek closer Indian restaurants because I doubt I will find one I like as much as Bombay.
5	The food here was amazing. Service was great and the overall atmosphere was very nice. I had the lamb madras, with aloo paratha, which went really well with the Taj Mahal Premium beer I was drinking. Overall the food was extremely flavorful and had just the right amount if spice for me, and when I got back my hotel I slept like a baby. Thanks for an awesome experience.
2	I love Indian food, and this place used to be my favorite.  But starting 2-3 years ago the food went downhill. We tried it again recently and sadly I won't try again for quite a while. The pakoras lacked flavor, like something microwaved. The entrees were very disappointing -- Chicken Palak was the worst I've had anywhere. Bummer to need to post a negative review of a previous favorite. Hopefully the food returns to its prior quality someday soon.
5	The best place for Indian food in Charlotte. I tried lamb briyani, gobi lasanwala, naan, chicken tikka. Everything was perfect.
1	Probably one of the worst Indian  food I have ever had in USA. Went there for Sunday buffet and the food was terrible. Serving is bad and avoid this restaurant.
4	Great food!! I highly recommend this place. It was so flavorful and really enjoyed their naan.
4	The food was awesome the waiter could have been a little more attentive but all in all great visit.
1	Tried takeout yesterday. One of the worst Indian meals we have had in a long time.- Lamb Kabobs - undercooked and falling apart. They may have run out of time or maybe they had too many takeout orders. No excuse. A big F for this.- Chicken Makhni - C minus. tasted bland for what is supposed to be a very flavorful dish. Very small portion. - Saag Paneer - C+ The paneer tasted rubbery. Good flavor though.One can understand, this is Charlotte and thus not a Indian food destination. But the miss on simple Kabobs clearly show a careless staff. Charlotte deserves better.In my opinion, a waste of money.
3	Am less thrilled with Bombay Grill than I have been over the last 7 years of take-out, dining in and buffet.  I give it a three, but my heart says that they deserve a two-star rating.Biggest reason is the cost.  For Indian food paying $8 - 10 for a simple curry is a lot and when you add additional rice, their portion for accompanying rice is skimpy, nan bread you are into a $20+ meal and then add a beverage, esp an Indian lager, you get a bill for a couple of nearly $60.Out take-out orders are at or over $100.  So we have cut down.The lunch buffet is skimpy as well.  After the first rush of diners many of the courses offered are gone or near gone.  There is quite a wait and it takes a number of people asking for more to roust management and the kitchen to put it out.  And the selections are not much variety-wise and on the cheap end of their menu.The buffet might be dollar-cheap, but you get what you pay for:  not so good.Dining in, which we thought would be a nicer experience and better portions than take-out, turned out to just be the same niggardly fare.  The tastes and quality of the goods appears to have remained consistently good, but we are disappointed at the prices, lackadaisical buffet and skimpy portions.
2	Extremely dissapointing trip here. Service was average to bad. Food quality left a lot to be improved. Currys have no meat but curry. Taste wise it isn't great either. I make far better indian food at home. Meat was not cooked properly and was very chewy. Overall I don't recommend it and won't be going back at all. Oh yeah their carpets were dirty with food everywhere,seems like they don't vacuum at all or very little.
4	Very good service, food was very well cooked, taste was okay. Served even after closing time.
3	All around mediocre experience. The app was slow to come out. The lamb roganjosh was under-spiced and the lamb was tough. Disappointing first Indian experience in Charlotte.
5	The buffet has all of my favorites & is delicious. The curry chicken, biryani chicken & jambhar soup were my favorites.
4	I frequent this place for take-out as the food is pretty darn good. It's a little expensive for dinner ...takeout for two usually runs us about $55 but its too yummy and their are so few decent Indian restaurants in Charlotte that I deal with it. Portions are not very large. The rice seasoning is particularly good, garlic naan is also fresh and so delicious.
2	Visited on a Wednesday for the lunch buffet and arrived around 1120am. When my roommate and I first got there, we were the only patrons there!  I thought perhaps we were early, but throughout our meal only one other table with two customers were there and when they left a mother and daughter came in towards the end of our meal.  Our waiter was friendly, he came to refill our waters twice.  Other than that we really didn't see him.  I was a bit disappointed in the selection. There were 3 vegetarian /vegetable options, 3 chicken options and a couple of of other things like soup, potato wedges, and rice pudding that was extremely soupy. I am a vegetarian, so I was already limited in my choices.  At one point I went back to get some more rice and the rice was never refilled, so I was literally scrapping the bowl!  I mostly ate a dish with broccoli in a tomato sauce, which was by far my most favored item on the day's buffet menu.  While I did have an enjoyable time with my roommate, my taste buds were not jumping for joy as I had previously imagined that they would.  I love Indian food, but my experience at Bombay Grille was although not horrible, was also not what I would envision as something to be repeated.Normally at buffets I can usually eat between 2-3 plates.  Their food was extremely heavy and could only eat one full plate.  After leaving the restaurant I took a nap and very long walk afterwards, and I still was full to the point of being uncomfortable.  I am grateful that I did not have to work that day, I would have been miserable.  I even thought that possibly they put heavy cream in their food, but of course I am not in their kitchen, so that will go unknown.  Food has never made me feel that way.  Key points that I was disappointed in were:1. Buffets usually have a great selection, so that a person can sample several different dishes- Bombay Grille failed here.2. Indian buffets usually have at least one dish with paneer- Bombay Grille failed here.3. Indian buffets are supposed to have several different curry dishes (mild, medium, spicy and different kinds of curry). There was only one curry chicken dish.- FAIL4. Bombay Grille- FAILed to refill the rice.. there were only 4 people in there at any given time!!!!  I'd hate to see what the buffet would like after 20 minutes if it was packed or even half way full.5. Where were the spices? It's bad enough that there wasn't any good curry or paneer, but I couldn't taste any spices.  In my opinion, this is an Americanized Indian restaurant. I could not taste any pepper, cardamon, anise, cumin, cinnamon, cloves, saffron, tamarind or turmeric! -FAIL7. Naan- didn't taste like it was homemade.. looked and tasted like store bought and it was plain.. they didn't have garlic naan!  By the time I had some, it was cold, chewy and blah.  No ghee and naan!  No spices or raisin and naan.  NOT SATISFIED!6. The price for the selection. - FAILThe decor is slightly plain.. the only redeeming quality was what I was craving for over a month since moving to Charlotte.. a Mango Lassi.Overall, I would not return to this restaurant.. the food quality, selection and price were less than stellar.  I've heard great things about "Passage to India" in the University area and can't wait to check it out!
4	Great service for the price point. friendly, helpful staff. Great authentic taste and presentation. Some safe choices available for those unaccustomed to Indian cuisine.
2	The food is not real Indian food, everything they made for native people. If you really looking for tasty, spicy Indian food this place is not worth it. On all food items are sweet and more creamy.This is place is not meant for real "INDIAN FOOD LOVERS"
1	Worst indian food I have ever eat in US.  If you read my review I bet you that you will regret if you give a try to this place. it's a joke of indian food. I have been eating paneer kadhai from 20 years and I know how it should taste. It was horrible. first time I went for dine in and the food was horrible , customer service was awful.  After 6 month we taught we will do take out order and will order something else than we ordered last time. I honestly thrown it in garbage as I felt horrible taste and smell in food. I didn't wanted to go sick after eating that.
3	I dropped into this place for lunch, when they had a buffet.  The food was ok, if limited in choice, but the service mediocre.  Like in the buffet, they had, among other things, tandoori chicken, of which I took a few pieces, just freshly in.  I got the first serving of naans, and had to wait a bit between finishing the first basket and  getting the second.  By then, the chicken had gotten cold.  As for the naans, they were flat, and some slightly crispy, instead of soft.  The tamarind chutney was okay.In terms of drinks, they are surprisingly limited - only mango lassi/sweet lassi or the sodas.  No fresh lime sodas (lemonade variants) that one would expect from an Indian placeConclusion: might be worth trying out for a la carte meals, but certainly not the buffet.
5	This restaurant is awesome! I loved every bite of food! The naan bread is perfect, the Samosa appetizer is incredible, and my Panak Paneer was sooo creamy, spicy, and delicious. The wait staff is so friendly, attentive and makes the experience even better. Highly recommend!
4	Good food by menu but buffet is just worthless. My fav is fish pakora and tandoori chicken here worth spending money
