4	Oh boy, finally! I have been searching Las Vegas for a yummy, NON-buffet Chinese restaurant for 2 years, and I finally found it!Wo Fat's dining area looks just as I'd want it to look: cozy, simple, to-the-point. Immediately upon seating ourselves, we received waters and a complimentary pot of tea. The menu consists of all the Chinese staples, plus a few dishes with a Hawaiian spin. I, myself, opted for the dinner plate, which includes rice, an egg roll, your choice of egg flower, hot 'n sour, or won ton soup, and an entree, all for $7.25. I chose the curry chicken, my friend the chicken lo mein, and my other  friend went with the Mongolian beef. We all sampled each others dishes, which were absolutely YUM. I tried my hardest to save a little of my chicken and rice for lunch, which wasn't THAT hard to do, since the portions are gigantic.I am so happy now. Wo Fat, you_complete_me.
5	Wo Fat Chinese Restaurant  (Chinese Hawaiian)702.451.66563700 E. Desert Inn Road    Quite possibly our favorite Chinese restaurant here in Las Vegas.  For months, we searched for a good down-to-earth Mom & Pop Chinese restaurant that was no-nonsense and un-pretentious.  We figured we would have to search away from the strip and boy, were we right.  This is about as AWAY from the strip as you can get.    Located on the far east side of Desert Inn, Almost at Boulder Highway, we willingly drive all the way from Durango to here to get our Chinese Comfort Food-Fix.Everything that we have tried on the menu is excellent, but the true gems are the House Specialty dishes that are up on the wall by the entryway.  I highly suggest the Baked Pork Chops in spicy salt, the Hong Kong Style Chow Mein and the secret dish Kau-Yu (Spelling?)  Which are tender BBQ Pork belly with Rice flour buns to wrap them in.Dishes average from the $6 -$9 range with some special dishes above that, so it's very  very affordable.Personal Note.This little gem is HIGHLY recommended not just for the great food, but for the very friendly staff as well.   It's gotten to the point where we walk in and the Baked Pork Chops are already being cooked and it's just a matter of what new things we want to try on the menu.
5	We stayed in Las Vegas for 4 days. How much buffet can one take?! So off we went in search of a chinese non-buffet restaurant. We came upon Wo Fat. I thought what a name!! I've been to old Wo Fat in Honolulu's chinatown. The food was ewwww yucky. So I was already concerned. We were a party of 8. We were in search of lunch. Plenty of parking. The outside looked like a down home unpretentious chinese place. I think the waitress was taken back a bit by the number of us. The waitress were really nice. Spoke chinese to my mom and sis. I had not much of an idea what they said by the end of it we had yummy food infront of us. The noodle soups are awesome!!! We went back a few days later for dinner. Lunch was better but dinner was good and filling too. They were accommodating to our less salt request. I think lunch for us was less than $60 for 8 people including tip.
5	Crispy Gau Gee Mein / Cake Noodles devine!! there is no place where you can get this stuff except for some chinese restaurants in Hawaii.. This place may be the only place on the mainland that has this stuff..and its too bad its here in Vegas.. if it was in San Francisco they would be making a killing.. For all of you who love Crispy gau gee Mein.. and cant make it to hawaii come here..by the way .. we got fortune cookies..the staff was also super helpful... our baby was crying and they volunteered to push the stroller until baby fell asleep!!
1	Don't judge a place by its looks... and let me tell you, I didn't!  I took my fellow yelper's advice and tried Wo Fat.And the verdict is... It's no bueno.  Maybe I'm spoiled from growing up in Taiwan and lived in Southern California for 5 years... but this place just wasn't very special.We ordered several dishes to go... 5 to be exact.  AND I have to say none of them were too good.  The waitress wasn't too friendly either...  Nothing special here.
1	I chose this place because of the great reviews I read here on Yelp. Rarely I've been let down - and this is the occassion where I was let down. I had high expectations and left disappointed. We ordered 5 dishes for take out and like my bf said (see K.C.) none of them were great. The only one that I seemed to like best is the salty/peppery pork chops. Seriously, I could have gone to Panda Express and be very satisfied. The frozen potstickers you get at Costco taste better too. We ordered chow mein and the noodles were way too thick. Kung pao chicken wasn't even close to the kung pao chicken we've had at other chinese places. We had lots of leftovers but didn't bother to heat it up again. Call me picky because I'm from the Bay Area which has a lot of GREAT chinese food in Oakland and San Francisco. I wouldn't even dare to compare...I don't recommend this place at all.
4	Being a new-bee from Hawaii, this place came highly recommended by a Hawaiian islander.  It was just down the road so we thought we'd give it a try.  We've already been there many times and taken out a couple of times before I've been yelping so needless to say, we like going there.We were welcomed with a bunch of "hawaiian" stuffs...signs that said "Aloha" and pictures of hula dancers (for all you Hawaiian Locals, it was Kim Taylor Reece pitures).  The staff was friendly and told us that the owner used to have a restaurant called "Wo Fat" in Hawaii but has moved here many years ago.  Unfortunately, I've never gone to the one in Hawaii.Anyways, we ordered the house noodles with cake noodles (yum!), shinchoy (chinese sour cabbage) with beef, and cold ginger chicken.  We were very happy with the food.  We've also tried the orange chicken, lemon chicken, soft gau gee mein (house noodles with steamed gau gee), crispy gau gee, and kau yuk (these were on separate occasions , of course) and it was yummy!  It definitely has a "hawaiian spin" as Lindsey S. describes and we were not disappointed at all.  Funny thing I've noticed is that every time we go there, there is always someone that is there who is from Hawaii.  I guess the "pidgin" and the hawaiian bracelets are dead give-aways!The only reason I gave them 4 stars is that the restroom is "eh" okay.  If you don't have to go...don't.  If you have to...then don't expect anything grand!  Lots of parking and if you're craving something sweet after...there is a Baskin Robbins in the same complex!
5	I've seen the mixed reviews.  Let me start by saying this really isn't your typical Chinese restaurant.  This would be considered to be Chinese food, Hawaii style.  All of us who grew-up on Chinese food from Hawaii will step in and feel at home.  Most of the best places were hole-in-the-wall-hard-to-find but had the best food. Please don't judge this place too harshly because it really does cater to us relocated Hawaii locals. Everything that I have ordered here brings me back to the Chinese restaurants back home.  They have specialties here that others in Vegas don't have.  Cold ginger chicken, cake noodles, crispy gau gee...I'm in HEAVEN!  My hubby's favorites are the honey walnut shrimp & the lemon chicken.  Both are very yummy!It may not be much to look at and it may not be the "best", but for me this place definitely brings me home, just for a bit.
3	Hey i blinked and all most missed this place! Really hole in the wall..the food was just ok.. they had cake noddle, ginger chicken and Hawaiian style chinese food but not as good as Hawaii ! The service was good and we had twelve people and were seated right away.. there was only one other table on a Saturday nite at 7:30.?. but alot of take out orders! The food came fast and hot so we were happy, i would come back again but when you are in Vegas there are so many places to go..mmmmm
3	It's hard to review this place since I'm not real big on asian cuisine to start with.It is a real hole-in-the-wall dive. about 10-12 boothes line the walls and 4-6 tables in the center of the very cramped space.Their servers are very fast & friendly bringing out tea & drinks immediately and then the meal comes out in a very timely manor.BE WARNED: Very large portions are served here.I had the egg rolls,pork fried rice,sweet roast pork and sweet & sour chicken. We also ordered Beef Chow Mein but didnt eat it. It had very thick noodles a film of some very distasteful sauce & tough meat. Skip this dish.Now the rest of it was great. The pork fried rice & sweet roast pork was the best of it. I liked the sweet & sour chicken but I would go pork next time.I will have to try the spare ribs next time but this is definitely a take-out place unless you like close quarters which alot of people do.There were 2 large parties here when I went, they seemed like regulars and really enjoyed their meals.
3	Small place. Good Chinese food. This place is easy to miss. Blink once and you may find yourself making a u-turn. Their house specialties are pretty good. Try to stay away from the traditional menu since all places make these dishes differently. I personally like the spicy shrimp with shell, porkchops Peking style, honey walnut shrimp and the spare ribs in black bean sauce. They have oxtail soup, which I shall definitely try on my next visit. this place is really small and is not for the intimacy freaks. The lunch specials are quite cheap but the entrees and specials can add up quick.
4	My home away from home.  No other restaurant in the US has crispy gau gee.  whenever I'm in Vegas, I'm gindin here.  Just a hole in the wall, but, just like the islands brah..
3	Came in with buddy around 9 pm on Saturday, we were the only customers in there.  We started with a fried won ton like deal (crispy Gau Gee?), tasted well enough.  They served the standard jasmine tea, I always like to chill on that for a bit.  I ordered the shrimp with honey walnuts - a little disappointed, should've been more creamy and crispy at the same time (a gnarly combo, and why I order it).  My buddy ordered the curry chicken, celery and carrot garnish was meager, the chicken, not all that exciting.  From what I've seen, there are only two ways to go with Chinese: fancy, upscale CA style or fast, tasty, cheap Chinatown New York style.  It's a harsh comparison, but this place isn't really either.
4	Cheap chinese hole in the wall kind of place. That means it's just my kind of place.I love coming here. It's quick, easy, and delicious. I have yet to eat something on the menu that I would not eat again. However, I am working on eating the entire menu.
5	Was there again for probably the 90th time this past week.  Things have not changed much at all.  This place is dinky and a hole-in-the-wall.  If you are looking for really authentic Chinese food, then this is probably not the place to go to.  However, if you are looking for "Hawaiian Style Cantonese Food" then this place is a must.  Cheap prices and great cantonese food cooked with a Hawaiian style flair (hard to describe, but those from Hawaii would know what I mean).  Last week, we had Chinese style dry chow fun (lots of bean sprouts with slivers of char siu), Hawaiian style Kau Yuk (pot roast pork), pork with harm ha and ong choi (really ono; my favovite), deep friend Gau Gee (only in Hawaii -- gigantic sized wun tuns), stuffed bitter melon, minced pork with egg plant, oyster sauce chicken, stuffed duck with barley, and Chinese brocolli with beef and cake noodle (cake noodles are only found in Hawaii -- some chef made these with overcook chow mein boiled noodles years ago and fried the mess into a flat cake---really, really great!).
4	Those of us from Hawaii taste the difference between mainland style and "local style" Chinese food.  These cooks are definitely from HI.  All the sauces, broths, and recipes are so familiar.  Warms the homesick soul.
4	OK; went there for lunch again on 7/23.  We were not disappointed -- we had crispy gau gee, oyster sauce chicken over cake noodle, kau yuk, port harm har ong choi, stuffed duck, and honey walnut shrimps.  All very good and the same old fashion "Hawaiian Style Cantonese" taste.  I heard a little secret that this place might open a second location in a very, very special place that will make a lot of people super happy and the owner a lot of money.  But I don't want to let the cat out of the bag or speak too soon, so I will leave what I said at that.
5	I remember the 1st time i had Wo Fat. They could tell i needed help with the menu. The Waiter didnt get frustrated he walked me thru the menu and suggested his likes and dislikes of food. They brought out Hot Tea immediately and Won Ton Soup. My Fav there is Lemon Chicken with Fried rice. And you cant beat the Lunch Special which they havent raised the price to much over the years. Its still a good deal. And comes with a Entree, Wonton or Egg Drop soup and Rangoons.
5	For those who used to live in Hawaii and are now in Las Vegas, this is the place that brings you back to home by their tasty delicious food. The owner is from Hawaii. He makes the best Hawaiian style crispy gau gee. The fried rice is always overflowing in the plate.  Their lunch specials are $5. They have really good Mongolian Beef. It's a little on the spicy side, but it's good.  This is probably the only place where I would eat my chow mein too.
5	Very, very authentic.You can tell from the menu and the specials that they cater to real asian cuisine and not just the sweet sour port / chow mein / fried rice crowd.  The real food here like the salt baked chicken, the spring chicken, the bitter melon. Man this is the place to get real food like as if you were in Chinatown San Francisco.Great Cantonese food, which means the rest rooms however, are terrible.
4	Our favorite Chinese in Vegas . Hawaiian style Chinese , not as good as Hawaii but they come the closest. Meaning if your idea of chinese is sweet and sour and chop sui broaden your horizens try somthing w black bean ,oyster sauce u will b happy u did p.s order family style then u won't b hungry couple hrs later ,works for me ;)
4	Good Chinese food, but Hawaiian style. Seems it's a bit like home more than a lot of the Chinese places we eat in Vegas. The flavors are spot on, the veggies they add are like you would expect so no surprise substitutes. With family in town, they wanted to try some Chinese and this was our choice. We ordered family style and a lot, we managed it eat most of it, but still took home some including the rice for late night snack, (who wants to cook rice). Anyway, we definitely enjoy it here, and know it's worth going again. Crispy gau gee rocks!
3	One of our favorite Chinese restaurants in Vegas and when my brother visits from San Antonio it's a must . The crispy gau gee is very good. The soft gau with chow mein is also a must for me one of the few places in Vegas that serves this dish.            We also like the kau yuk with bun, it's like eating a deconstructed char siu bao , with pork belly.  We also had the stuff duck with barley and chick peas it was a little under seasoned . Mabo tofu not as tasty or spicy as other places.          Overall still our favorite Hawaii style Chinese, they need to be a little more consistent.
5	Great great great Chinese food. How these places I used to frequent as a kid pop up in my backyard is beyond me. Like living in the Matrix. My all time favorite dishes can be found here. Crispy Gau Gee with Cake Noodle, Cold Ginger Chicken, Beef with Ong Choy also known as swamp grass. Just the perfect  hint of ham ha. All goes good with the rice wash it down with some hot tea. Service is very relaxed don't expect to be checked on every minute however the room is small enough to get attention for water or requests. You won't be running to the bathroom after you eat here un-like other restaurants I have been to in the Spring Mountain Road area.
4	Great food in a hole in the wall location.  Love the Shrimp with Honey Walnuts.  Nothing fancy buy tasty.
4	Stopped in on a whim.  Resturant was small, very well air conditioned on a hot day.  Very Clean. Ordered Mongolian Beef, came with hot tea and I ordered Spice Sour Soup.  The soup was very good.  The MB was good but I had to add a dozen spoons of Chili Sauce to spice it up.  It came with fried rice and I would have to say for $5.99 it was a pretty good deal.  The waitress was there when I need a refill and I have no complaints.  I would recommend this place for quick, reasonably priced Chinese food and I'll order something new the next time I go in.
4	Tastes like home!The Crispy Gau Gee was perfect and delicious with the hot chinese mustard and shoyu. Cold Ginger Chicken was huge! Nice and light with that fantastic onion flavor. I added some of that to my congee the next day for breakfast. I ordered the Kau Yuk because other Yelpers had raved about it, but it fell short for me. The pork belly wasn't crisp, so it just tasted like really fatty char sui. The buns were delicious, as always. The chicken and vegetables with cake noodle was good but there was a lot of gristle. I don't mind me some gristle.. but this was a bit too much. I was disappointed that they were out of the pork stuffed bittermelon! Oh well... guess I'll have to go back again.. poor me =PIf this place were closer to home (and not in a slightly ghetto area..) I'd be gaining some pounds.
4	Chinese Food Hawaiian style!I used to eat here about 2-4 times per week when I used to work and live right down the road.  You cant beat good $5 lunch specials. Love the crispy gau gee. Gotta dip it with Chinese mustard and shoyu. Favorite dish to always get for dinner is the cold ginger chicken.  The chicken is moist and the ginger sauce is to die for.  But your breath will be kickin afterwards, but its worth it.Too bad this place isnt closer to home and not in a kinda ghetto area
4	Just a normal update.  Went again for dinner with friends on Friday, 6/24.  Very good again.  Nothing has changed.
5	One of the best beef stew wonton noodle soups I have ever had. The broth is full of flavor with super tender pieces of beef. Their Wontons had big pieces of shrimp inside which made it taste so much better. This soup is now my favorite dishes at Wo Fat.
3	I only come here for the minute chicken cake noodle, it's quite good, as long as you don't mind the bones.  Everything else is pretty much standard, yet adequate.  Just wish they weren't located so far away.
4	Wo Fat is the bomb! Had beef chow fun and baked salted pork chops, Great flavor, huge portions.First time there, read previous reviews on yelp, most all reviews are very good.I will definitely be going back for more of GREAT FOOD!!!!!!
4	Yes I'm from Hawaii like all the other reviewers. It's a total hole in the wall and far from my house but it really is the only option for Hawaii style Chinese food. I've always eaten in because it's so far, but unlike others I've always had good service. We were there specifically to try the pressed almond duck - finely shredded duck meat pressed together, coated with cornstarch and fried. Garnished w almonds and sweet sour sauce on the side. It was a lot of duck for $10. Not something I would have to order again but it was very good. Also tried deep fried garlic pork ribs, which weren't very good - meat was tough and garlic was burnt. Looked better than it tasted. And had to go with our usual crispy gau gee mein w cake noodle. Great as always -huge portion w lots of goodies and 4 big fatty crispy gau gee (like big big pork won ton)
4	Born and raised on the Big Island, the food serves here hits home! It's one of the few places that I frequent for "home" food. I frequent this simple hole in the wall restaurant frequently. Serves Chinese food (hawaiian style) and it is always hot, fresh, and very generous on portions. Crispy Kau Gee, Duck Egg, Porkhash, Minute Chicken, Hot and Sour Soup, Won Ton Soup, Shrimp Canton, and Tsing Tao are what we order almost every time. The staff knows us and our favorite server is Jeanette (chinese name is chu-tsing....I know I totally spelt her name wrong). The two regular female servers always give great service and it's nice to see the chinese cook come out to see his customers enjoying the food he prepared. The only reason why I did not give it 2 stars is because of the service we recieved a couple of times from what seemed like the owners or partners of the restaurant (middle aged chinese couple)- they come across as rude and hurried, like its a bother that you came-to avoid this when we see them and the two regular girls are not there we just turn around and leave or take it to go-if we are on our way home.
3	Wo Fat, how I wanted to love you!Many of my Hawaiian friends say this is real Chinese-Hawaiian food.  Maybe my problem is that I always go expecting the Chinese food that I grew up with (New York style).The staff is friendly.  The restaurant itself is a whole in the wall.  It isn't as clean as I would like but it isn't gross...The prices are very reasonable.My problem is just that the food isn't what I, expecting and therefore doesn't taste right to me.I'm giving it three stars, but if you are judging it as a Chinese Hawaiian restaurant it may be worth more stars.
1	I decided to take a chance and try their food today after reading the reviews and checking their most recent inspection which was in December 2011.  They had an A grade with 8 demerits after being reinspected.  They had a C grade with 38 demerits in November of 2011.  I learned this information from dirty dining.When I first walked in the place looked decent and the person who took my order seemed nice enough but I didn't like the food.  I ordered my favorite Egg Foo Yung.  When I cut into the patties the first thing I saw was large pieces of egg whites.  The rice was under cooked, the gravy tasted watered down, and the bean sprouts tasted like they just were just poured out of the can.  I fix better egg foo yung then this place.  There was very little taste to it; I was very disappointed.  This is so far the worst that I have had since I moved here to Vegas about 4 years ago.  This is just sad :(I would not waste my money on this place again trying something else on the menu.
4	Yummy!We live on the east side of town and there isn't an abundance of great Asian food over here.  When I found the Wo Fat, I was so happy!While they are a bit pricy and don't deliver (grrrrrr, if they did, I'd be tempted to go five star), they are delicious.  I'm not sure what other reviewers mean by "Hawaiian-style Chinese" food, as I've only been to Hawaii once, but I have been to China a number of times and this is about as close as I've gotten outside of the Chinatown area.  The food is always hot, veggies are crisp, meat is juicy.  Their egg flower soup is the perfect way to round out a depressing day.  Portions are very generous and while enough food to make a family happy can run about $50 for dinner, I don't feel like I've been cheated.  There is always food leftover for lunches.I've eaten my way through a good portion of the menu and like everything that I've tried.  I always go back to the standards - beef with broccoli, sweet and sour, etc.  Those are the things that make me happy :)The lunch specials are great - but I don't often get a chance to have lunch there.  That is the only time I've ever dined in, as I live rather close.  Aside from that, get take out & enjoy!
5	Oh God how I wish we had a Wo Fat in L.A....I heard all about this Hawaiian/Chinese restaurant and the next time I was in Vegas I knew I had to go there for my beloved cake noodle and crispy gau gee. I was NOT disappointed. The whole restaurant itself is very comforting. No frills, no fancypants menu, just good cheap food. I ordered the oyster sauce chicken cake noodle and my friend ordered the beef broccoli cake noodle, and we shared the gau gee. We were happy f****** campers, let me tell ya. YUM!I am threatening to come here every time I go to Vegas.
1	I come he quite a bit an the food is usually good but today was over the top POOR. What made me experience so bad was the cold ginger dish which I must have ordered twenty times before and always came out alright but to day not so much. It was RAW and I don't mean a little pink. The center still had a heart beat. I requested the dish to be taken back. When I received the new dish it was the same dish but with a few pieces taken out and slightly stirred around. Like it had been picked threw and just covered with a little more sauce. I was grossed out. I went to the bottom of the plate and STILL RAW.  Asked again for the dish to be taken back. This time when it came to us it was the same but the whole plate had been just thrown into the microwave. I did not touch it any more and I was still AWFUL plate of twice NUKED and sifted through chicken. DISGUSTING!!! It truly ruined my day. Then the check came and I was still expected to pay for the RAW TWICE NUKED GINGER CHICKEN. The waitress agreed it was really raw and explained that the chicken they used today was bigger. Ya so if you know that cook it longer DUH. I was so pissed I paid my bill and left. I was heart broken that a place I usually frequent had done me wrong. I feel sick to my stomach now and am really disappointed in you WO FAT. Minus Four STARS for serving RAW product and not having the decency to correct it.
4	The honey walnut shrimp is onoz!  This is the closest your going to get to Hawaiian style Chinese food in Las Vegas!
4	Had lunch here yesterday, the Strawberry Chicken is AMAZING!! I highly recommend it. The restaurant has been here for a while and you can tell when you walk in. It wasn't too crowded and my group of 4 was able to carry on a conversation without shouting at each other. The service was attentive without being overbearing. I will definitely go back to this place!!
4	For a while before my dad passed, whenever he was on the eastside of town, he'd stop in at Wo Fat for lunch. So, after my dad's urn was entombed at the Veteran's Memorial Cemetery, the family ended up at Wo Fat for lunch - because that's what he would have done if he were still around. Inexpensive and decent food. That's why he liked it and that's what I experienced at lunch that day. Pretty good service as well. I'm not sure if it was because they recognized my mom who would have always been with my dad - or if it's the norm however, the server was attentive, friendly and overall, pretty good. As for the food - we basically just ordered the menu. One thing about my family is that we not only like to eat, but we CAN eat. I tried and didn't mind every dish we ordered with the exception of the egg drop soup. I wasn't a fan of the soup and I normally like hot soups when it's hot out. There was just a flavor that reminded me of a chemical taste that didn't quite sit well with me. Otherwise, I ate too much and NO, I wasn't hungry a few hours later.
3	Since moving to the mainland, the main thing I miss is the food...especially my favorite Hawaiian style Chinese place - Waimalu Chop Suey.  So when I found out about Wo Fat, I knew I had to come here on my next trip to Vegas.Now my favorite foods in the world are soft gau gee mein and stuffed duck, so being a fatty, I ordered both, plus an order of crispy gau gee to go on my way back. (I did end up taking half of the gau gee mein and stuffed duck home). While Wo Fat earns stars for just living up to that nostalgia factor, the food is just not as good as back home. The gau gee mein gravy was not flavorful and neither was the gau gee itself. The stuffed duck had lettuce in it (!?) but was good otherwise. The crispy gau gee though was great.  I'll definitely head back next time I'm in Vegas for my Chinese food fix, but its still not the same as home.
4	Went for a big lunch again with my son and his family on Sunday, 10/7.  We all love this place -- "Hawaiian Style Cantonese Food"  -- and as you can probably guess, we are all ex-pat Hawaiians.  Let me begin with a funny comment  - a guy and his wife were there already at 11 am and ordered the standard, plate lunch special off the menu.  They had their cup of soup and some entree with an egg roll and fried rice on the plate lunch.  So when our food came (I will get to what we ordered later) he says to the waitress, "what was that they ordered?  It looks so good!".  To me, the funny thing is why did you come to this restaurant and order the crappy plate lunch off the menu?  No wonder why our food looks (and tastes) so good and your lunch looks and tastes like crap.So my son did the ordering.  He ordered a double order of crispy fried gau gees, stuffed duck, harm har ong choi with pork, kau yuk, beef broccoli cake noodle, spicy fried pork chops, fish cake with vegetables, and oyster sauce chicken.  He actually wanted to order a few more things, but we told him that we had more than enough food already for three adults and two kids.  Of course he wanted to order more --- not only because he wanted to eat those dishes that he misses, but that grandpa was paying and he wanted to take the leftovers back to California (they drove back right after lunch).So everything we ordered was very good and tasty.  Not a surprise to us since we have ordered these dishes many times before and they have all been consistently good.  Now this place does have a few dishes which are pretty lousy -- I will not mention them but this baffles me since the cook is a typical and experienced Hawaiian Style Chinese chef.  But some things are not very good and that makes no sense to me.  So as long as you order the "good stuff", you will not be disappointed and the prices are great.  If you are of Chinese extraction and like good, authentic Cantonese food, you might not like this place.  The reason for this is that the Cantonese food has been modified a bit to reflect the "old style" Hawaiian style Cantonese cooking, that is traditional in Hawaii.  Some of my Cantonese friends do not like this food because of the modifications, but to us ex-pat Hawaiians, the place is the "bomb".
1	I've eaten here occasionally for years and always thought the food was good, especially the crispy honey chicken.  A while back we ordered take out and hubby went to pick it up. When he got home I couldn't wait to dig in to the wonderful honey chicken. When I bit into the chicken it had a funny taste and texture. I cut into a few of the chicken pieces and they were raw pink inside. Gross, not to mention dangerous. I called them and told the lady who answered that my chicken was raw. She said to come back and they would give me another order. So Hubby goes back and brings the raw one so they could see it. She tells him that it's not raw, it's supposed to be like that ( huh?) and that it was the sauce that made it look pink (huh?) So he comes home with a new order and they had put the sauce on the side. The sauce was cold and the chicken blah. Will never eat here again, if they don't know the difference between raw and cooked chicken. Also had the orange chicken a while before this incident and the orange sauce was very artificial tasting and  the sauce on their lemon chicken positively glowed neon. What poor quality! Sorry, Wo Fat - Aloha means Goodbye.
3	The bf was super excited they had a place in nevada that sells the real deal hawaiian  chinese food so we came here to try it out. I was sort of sicky so I ordered hot and sour soup which was pretty good and just the right amount of spicy.  The fried wontons were large and had lots of meat, which was a nice change from other chinese places which are usually full of fluff, not meat.  The main dishes was 1/2 a roast duck and chicken cake noodles.  The roast duck had crispy skin and good taste with medium amount of meat.  The cake noodles were okay. They were cut into the little squares and had good taste but did not wow me.  I'm chinese so it takes alot for me to be wowed by chinese food anyways.  I was hoping this place had rice porridge/congee for my sore throat ... but I stuck out with that one :(.  I thought they food was alright but decent food and okay prices.
4	best chinese cantonese restaurant in las vegas period!!! this will be the closes to any chinese restaurant in hawaii. excellent crispy gau gee and guo lo mein soft noodles!! staff is very friendly. the location is far from summerlin but well worth the 20 minute drive. defintely a hole in the wall place!!! must check this place out again for sure!!!! they also have a combination dinner plate that you can choose 1 of 14 different choices that includes egg roll, pork fried rice, and choice of soup for $7.75.
4	My son and I were in Vegas again so we decided to eat lunch at Wo Fat again.  We ordered four dishes since there were only two of us but we could not finish all that we ordered -- maybe we should not have eaten some of that rice too.We ordered deep fried kau gees, oyster sauce cake noodle, stuffed duck, and beef bitter melon.Here are the photos of what we ate.
4	There's always something a little different about Hawaiian style Chinese food.  It's hard to described, but it's comforting and tasty.  Wo Fat conjures up memories of the old school Chinese restaurants (many of which are gone now) back in the islands.The must haves include, crispy kau gee, stuffed duck, and cake noodle with anything.  If you have a bigger party or if you want to take home some food, the ong choy with harm ha and pork and the kau yuk are classic.
4	This place is just like the Hawaii chop suey places.  Crispy gau gee, cake noodles, kau yuk, roast duck, cold ginger chicken, spareribs...  Just like home.  One of my ex-bruddahz recommended this place and I gotta say I was impressed.  This is not Panda or any of those other "Chinese" places, this is the real McCoy or should I say Real Makoi Hawaii-style Pake food.
4	So having been back to Vegas several times, I have had a chance to try this place again. It must have been the dishes I ordered because since then the food I've had has been really great.  Instead of my usual gau gee mein and stuffed duck, I've ordered the minute chicken cake noodle and pork hash.  The cake noodle is just like home, and the pork hash is the BEST pork hash I have ever had at a Chinese restaurant. Super juicy and fatty - perfect on top a huge bowl of rice. I loved it so much, that I ate it twice over a three day trip on two different trips.
5	This is like a dream come true...good quality chinese food with low prices!  $5.50 for the lunch special, which comes with fried wontons, pork fried rice, soup, and I got the best shrimp with lobster sauce dish ever!  The only downfall was I wish they would include more shrimp, but other than that, this has to be one of the best chinese restaurants in town!  I have been going here twice a week because it's that tasty!
5	While on our family vacay, my dad insisted our first meal be at Wo Fat!We loved it and it was extremely inexpensive!Pro:Good foodGreat customer serviceLots of parkingInexpensive mealsCon:None
1	Came in to grab a quick order of Pot stickers. Got tricked into ordering a full order. Was never given the option of a "half" order. Will never come back!
5	Oh yea Wo Fat is GOOOD. Whoever first told me about them in my pre-yelp days never told me they were this good but thanks Nik O. for jogging my faint memory of them and finally giving them a shot.Don't be scared of places like Wo Fat, which give you the rundown feel, I use to but not anymore. How else would we know about Oyster Sauce Chicken http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/wo-fat-las-vegas-2?select=JRUMn0K6eBpl6qbBv9HRPA#ZbfI5E_SlKq0fi3d5fkdNA Don't remember to get them with Cake Noodles, I did, but still very delicious without.  The portion was plentiful. One scoop of rice and lots of Oyster Sauce Chicken, my kind of rice to non-rice food ratio.Service wise they'll bring out some complimentary tea and fell you're drink etc. It was OK nothing bad. Price wise they have some cheap lunch specials starting at $5.50. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/wo-fat-las-vegas-2?select=JRUMn0K6eBpl6qbBv9HRPA#QtJ6ERMWPNyegVzjqH23gg All of the items are pretty reasonable priced. Interior is cluttered and kind of matches the exterior but does have booths and round tables to seat a good number of people and it did get a good number of people there the 2 times there.I'll make it to this East Vegas location just for more Oyster Sauce Chicken. I want to also go back and try this Stuff Duck that I saw in the pics.
5	Wo Fat is a hole-in-the-wall kind of Chinese place located on the east side of town. So if you live on the east side and get sick and tired of having to go all the way west to Chinatown just to get your Chinese cravings, then this place is for you.Their prices are dirt cheap, and even a little bit cheaper than some of the eateries in Chinatown. I think they have lunch specials as well, although I don't know if they still do it. I didn't have to pay over 12 bucks for my bowl of beef and noodles. Boy were they yummy! The food was the right temperate and had the burst of flavor I was looking for.I'd come here again if for those days when I'm too lazy to make the trek to Chinatown.
4	Just like home!! It's a bit out of the way, but this place is just like the ones I used to frequent when I lived in Honolulu. Nothing to complain about. Food was Ono and prices were cheap.
1	Ive read the past reviews n decided to eat here. I honestly had better chinese food than this. Had some pork hash n it was so fatty and oily. Also had shrimp with honey walnut and the shrimp was way over cooked. I also had beef broccoli and it was not fresh broccoli it was the frozen ones that u buy in the bag n the dish served only 5 broccoli. Lemon chicken was so thin should of been called thin slice lemon chicken. Portion size were very small and the food was overcooked. The only positive thing I can say was the water service; the server made sure our glass was full. My husband and I are very disappointed. Will not be returning. Maybe thats why we were the only customers in there.
5	Dining at Wo Fat took me back to my youthful years. The original Wo Fat was located in downtown Honolulu. The family brought the same entrees and style of cooking the best Chinese cuisine to Las Vegas. Our group took up four of the large tables in the dining room. We had ginger chicken, kau yuk with buns, crispy kau gee, cake noodles with veggies, pork hash patties with and without egg, steamed rice, and a bunch of other dishes.None in our party left the restaurant hungry. We all ate, ate, and ate. Definitely recommended to all "locals" from Hawaii that long for the ono style cooking of home.
4	I totally love this place! If this was closer to where I lived I would probably come here at least once a week! That's how good this place food is!If your from Hawaii this will bring some nostalgic feelings to your taste buds! The food here is on point! This is the only place I know sells crispy Gau Chee! If you come here you need to order it with the hot mustard and shoyu!The location maybe difficult to find as it is sort of a hole in the wall type of restaurant.  It's not very large so seating is limited of it gets busy. Very basic dining area and feels very old due to the furniture and tables they chose.Like I said food is wonderful here! The prices are not expensive! My favorite dishes crispy kau chee cake noodle, minute chicken, cold ginger chicken, and there spicy pork chop! Enjoy and let's get fat together lol
5	Found this place on Yelp. Was looking for good Chinese food not from any franchise or over-priced places like PF Changs. The best, did I say the best lo mein I have ever had!!!! Fried rice, egg roll, egg flower soup came with all for under $8. Amazing stuff my friend had a bowl of the Wor Wonton soup. Outstanding! There were 3 of us and the bill was under $25, for dinner. And the place is clean. Do not pass it by. An absolute hole-in-the-wall that is clearly a diamond in the rough.  It is in a very old and tired shopping center but with what has to be low overhead transferred to cheap prices and amazing food. I am here for four more days and I will be back at least once more. A must visit when I come to Vegas.
1	This restaurant has changed significantly from staff to the way the food tastes! It's been over 10 months since I ate here and I just went recently as I was down in the area. To start this off I was there with 2 family members we ordered Squid Ham Ha with On Choy, Gong lo Mien and some other vegetable dish. The waitress didn't tell us that the squid ham ha which on the board of menus price was $8.95 but because we substituted pork for Squid it was a dollar more and added on Choy as well that was $4.00 more made the complete dish $13.95 had we known about the on Choy being $4 more we wouldn't have ate that dish but she never mentioned any added price when she took our order. The rice was hard and seemed old. The lemon Chix plate lunch was crazy greasy soggy and lemon curd dipping sauce was like a pie consistency thick and sour and fried rice tasted like raid! The only great thing on the table was the Crispy Gau Gee but even that was small and kind of greasy as well. Aside from all of this I started to get a headache which means this place uses MSG IN THERE FOODS! Becareful this is BAD! I couldn't believe how this place changed from 10 months ago! Wow! What's happened to Wo Fat? Now I'm sticking to Panda Express all the way until I get back to Hawaii.
4	Once you get past the fact that the staff doesn't speak much English, you will find a hidden gem here. They have the best sweet and sour pork I have ever had. You won't regret eating here.
4	Closest that I've found to Chinese food from back home (I'm from Oahu Hawaii). The ONLY place that I've found here in Vegas with cake noodle. Not as good but pretty close (Consistency is not as thick or firm as back home). Too bad it's so darn far from where I live (Centennial).
4	Items selected:Pressed Almond DuckKow Yok / Khau Yoke with BaoSpicy Shrimp in ShellCrispy Kau CheeCrispy Kau Chee Mein with Pork and ShrimpBeef Chow Funn with Black Bean SauceHaving heard things both interesting and exciting about Wo Fat and its Hawaiian influenced Chinese cuisine but not yet able to coax a large enough group to make the visit worthwhile it was with great fortune that following donuts I not only managed to gather five co-diners to experience the small East side restaurant, but that two of the folks involved were already familiar with not only Wo Fat from a prior visit, but also the restaurant's style from their years in Hawaii.  Located in a less than ideal location and not particularly attractive from the outside or within it should suffice to say that a visit to Wo Fat is based more on the food than the ambiance but with service friendly and efficient throughout the off-hour it was with tea and water that the meal began, soon to be followed by a half dozen menu selections - most novel, all well prepared, and a few truly outstanding.  Sampling far and wide with suggestions from everyone including our server it was with plethoric portion that each dish arrived and with both the pork and shrimp stuffed kau gee as well as the beef chow funn excellent while cake noodles and shrimp were commendable if not memorable it was in the pork and the duck that the meal truly shined - the former a complex sort of mild char sui with more aromatics and less sugar proving irresistible on soft bao while the later was simply divine, a tender confit of duck beneath crackling almond paste that added just a touch of sweetness for a mere $9.95.
3	I was determined to visit Wo Fat because of its Hawaiian-style Chinese cuisine. For that reason, it wasn't difficult to convince my family to come with me. We all loved and constantly crave the Chinese dishes from our past. Although I have come to love the Chinese cuisine offered in Las Vegas, it's just not the same. Anyway, the real reason I wanted to come? Four words: Crispy Gau Gee Mein. We ALWAYS ordered it at our favorite Chinese restaurant in Hawaii and it's been over a decade since I've had it! It was quite the drive for us (as is most places) and we were starving by the time we arrived. It's a small restaurant with just 3-4 large round tables and approximately 10 small booths. Fortunately, one of the large groups were leaving, so we didn't need to wait long for a table (there's really no where to wait except outside).With five of us dining, we shared Lo Mein, Shrimp & Broccoli in Black Bean Sauce, Chicken Chow Mein, Combination Fried Rice, Kung Pao Chicken, Mapu Tofu, and two orders of Crispy Gau Gee Mein (substituted with Cake Noodles). All the dishes, with the exception of the Lo Mein (I didn't try it) and Crispy Gau Gee Mein, were only okay. The Chow Mein and Kung Pao Chicken were terrible. The Fried Rice has a very distinct flavor that really took me back to my youth, however, the quality left something to be desired. The Black Bean Shrimp and Tofu dishes were better than the rest of the group, but nothing great. The Crispy Gau Gee Mein, on the other hand, YUM. The Gau Gee is perfect..exactly how I remember eating it in Hawaii!! Crispy exterior with delicious, moist pork interior. So good. The vegetables, gravy, and noodles were harmonious. It's a popular dish and I absolutely recommend it. Although, it is a damn shame that it doesn't just come with cake noodles since that's the best way to eat this dish (don't forget the additional charge).Oddly, the rice wasn't very tasty either. My favorite part of receiving steamed rice at Chinese restaurants is the delicious, fragrant Jasmine rice. Their rice seemed like it was just a long grain white rice, but my parents thought it was an inferior Jasmine rice. Either way, not yummy and disappointing.Service was nothing spectacular and there were young children running in and out of the kitchen. Not very professional or sanitary. Nevertheless, we all thoroughly enjoyed the Crispy Gau Gee Mein, but it was unanimous that a second visit would be unlikely. If I'm ever in the area, I may consider a takeout order for it though.
1	Service is rude, hassle to serve you, no thank you for order just a rude look when you pay. Food isnt good. Poor service, bathroom dirty. Food was cold and waiiter said they couldnt help. I wont come back again. China Gourmet is better on Nellis.
5	This restaurants originally came from Hawaii! So that a plus for me because Hawaiian food is one of my favorites. I dine in with a friend and we were both greeted and ask to choose our own seats. The place was cozy very family owned. They had a very extensive menu and even out the wall too! I went ahead and ordered the mongolian beef dinner with came with the entree, pork fried rice, soup and a egg roll. Everything was good and very large portions. I will come back to try other dishes! Very good price too!
5	Wo fat is awesome! The best Hawaiian food in town. The prices are so reasonable and generous portions. My favorite server Jason has always been so friendly and makes my dining experience always a good time. They have lunch specials for 5.50 $. The crispy kau ghee is my favorite. They also have ginger chicken and kow yok with steam buns. The restaurant has been there forever and is a definite must try!!
4	I'm about a 3.5 food wise, but I will round up since there were a couple of solid dishes here.The reason I would come back here :Pressed Almond Duck. This was VERY good. It is served boneless and has lots of flavor combined with the slightly sweet almond topping. The highlight of my meal!Beef Chow Funn in Black Bean Sauce. This was pretty good! Tender beef with a nice flavorful noodle and sauce. Yum :)Spicy Shrimp in Shell aka Salt & Pepper Shrimp. These were what you would expect, just not spicy at all. Good version of this dish. Kow Yuk (Pork Belly) served with Bao. This was tender and flavorful, but not sweet or sour like the color may suggest. It was good but did not impress me as much as my lunch mates. Crispy Kau Chee. Filled with a meat combination...similar to a crispy wonton of sorts.  Not bad.Crispy Kau Chee Mein with Pork, Shrimp & Veggies. This was ok. Decent flavor but it was not extraordinary. Good Chinese spot in town, but I wouldn't travel across town for it again personally.
4	This is the closet I'll get to Hawaiian Chinese cooking. Great spot for families and groups.  Your hole in the wall joint. We end up ordering the same thing every time .
1	Went for lunch today and ordered Kung Pao chicken. Possibly the worst I have ever had. No taste, too much celery, and in a brownish sauce. Fried rice and hot n sour soup were ok. Won't do this again.
3	Great food. Ordered the Almond Crispy Duck. First time ever for me so I can't say whether or not it's better than others, but I liked it very much. Ordered General Tso's chicken...it's my standard for how good the chef is...excellently done. The vegetable chow mein was tasty but the noodles were over cooked. The mu shu chicken rivals what PF Chang used to serve, so I now have my place for getting mu shu.  Just make sure you review your order with the waitress before you let her go. They were very accommodating and checked a few time to make sure everything was ok. The reason for the three stars is because ambience is non existent. So go for the food and take home the leftovers...or order carry out. It'll be worth it.
4	Skimming through my Facebook news feed was a very effective way to get this place on my radar. One of my high school classmates checked into this place and captioned it with, "Hawaiian Style Chinese food." From that point on, I was sold. It wasn't too far from my house and my body was telling me it was time to eat. As I researched this place on my Yelp app, I realized that this place sold cake noodles, a dish reminiscent of my childhood days. Boy was I excited.This place is located on the corner of  Desert Inn and Sandhill, which means from the 95, you'll have to take Flamingo or the Boulder cutoff and travel down Sandhill. This restaurant sits in a shopping center full of mediocre businesses, not too exciting of a location. When you enter, you think very outdated. Booths and round tables with lazy Susans tell you this place needs a renovation and fast! What calmed my initial nerves was the fact that they do their best to hold the Chinese traditions AND seem to cater to the Hawaiian population. Hawaiian drinks, signs with "Aloha" and "Mahalo" display their windows and counters. Did I really hit the jackpot?? When talking with the employees, the young lady said her uncle has a Wo Fat restaurant in Honolulu and this is another location. The staff was super nice. Even though I ordered my food to go, she still offered water to me. The food also came very quickly. Speaking of which, here's what I got:Crispy Gau Chee Mein with cake noodles for around $10: THE REASON that brought me here and the reason that will keep me coming back! As a base you have the delicious cake noodles that remind me of my childhood. Crispy noodles cut into cake squares, topped with Gau Chee, oyster sauce and lots of different flavors and textures: char siu pork, shrimp, chicken, broccoli, Chinese peas, water chestnuts and mushrooms. WOW, what an array of flavors! So delicious and something I highly recommend! The cake noodle managed to maintain is crispiness, even with the oyster sauce. I was in heaven.Kow Yok for $9.25: Kind of weird that they spell it like this. In Hawaii, it's referred to as Kau Yuk. Whatever the spelling, it's basically pork belly cooked and flavored with a fermented red bean curd. PLEASE BE ADVISED, this is a super marbleized dish. The fat can be very over powering for many, so don't order it if you're not into that. For me, it's what I grew up with! The flavor was just right. The pork had a good combination of fat/meat ratio. Crispy Gau Chee order (6) for $6.25: Another form of spelling I'm not used to. In Hawaii it's Cripsy Gau Gee. Basically pork stuffed won ton rectangles and deep fried, served with a spicy mustard and soy dipping sauce. This was ON POINT! Perfectly cook, super crispy and the port was flavored well. Add in the mustard sauce and you've got a side dish fit for a king! You definitely have to try this if you come!Oyster Chicken for $8.95: Roasted chicken topped with an oyster flavored sauce. I thought the sauce was great and really helped to enhance this dish. My only gripe about this dish was the cut of chicken. It's Chinese style and cut like a roasted duck dish, meaning the cut bones and all. Although this is a Chinese restaurant, I don't necessarily think it's a Hawaiian style dish. What I'm used to is boneless, breaded and fried chicken with the oyster sauce drizzle. The flavor was good, but for some reason I wasn't as crazy about this dish as I was about the others. FINALLY! A Chinese restaurant that reminds me of home! There are a lot of Chinese joints in Las Vegas, none like this. The cake noodles alone are reason to come back. Add the crispy gau chee and I've officially found my new favorite joint! On my next visit, I'm getting the cold ginger chicken. I can't wait for that day to come. Thanks so much for the awesome food!
1	Being from Hawaii we decided to try this place we were so disappointed the fried won ton was like mini gau gee without the meat.  the duck was greasy and mostly fat, the beef brocolli cake noodles lacking and manapua really?  maybe it was an off day but I do not think I would go again.
4	Mmmmm came here at the recommendation of a friend who said it's just like the food back home in Hawaii. I looked on yelp to check out the pictures and to see what people where saying and then drove down to place a order. It's smaller than the Chinese places back home but it has that cozy kind of feeling. I ordered the minute chicken with cake noodle. I wish that it doesn't cost extra for the cake noodle but it did, stir fry Chinese broccoli and the sample appetizer. Mmmmm the minute chicken came noodle was so good. They separated the sauce so the cake noodle would to get soggy on the drive home. The only thing I was disappointed in was that it seemed like there was more cake noodle than chicken & veggie, but other than that it was delicious. The Chinese broccoli was the bomb. Not too soggy and not too hard. Just perfect crispness. The appetizer was alright. The BBQ pork had sesame seed on it which is alright but since I don't like it and wasn't expecting it I had to scrape it all off but it was still good. The only thing I didn't like was the gau gee. There was barely any meat and was only skin. All in all it was very delicious and I will definitely be back. They had a location on hotel street in Hawaii and have their menu posted on the wall I noticed a lot of people commented in the customer service and being that this was my first time there, I had good service. The woman who took my order was super friendly and helpful.
3	After a failed hunt for manapua, a friend suggested that maybe I check out Wo Fat since it was basically on my way home. It took me a little while to find it because I didn't exactly know where I was going. When I went in, there were several large groups seated but I knew I was going to get my order to-go, so I stepped right up to the counter. I ordered the minute chicken with cake noodle because I hadn't had any good cake noodle since leaving Hawaii in January because I couldn't find any. The manapua would have to wait till another day. The ordering process was easy. Then came the long wait. And I mean LONG. You would think something with a name like minute chicken wouldn't take very long. But it was almost half an hour before I got my order. There wasn't a place for you to wait for a take-out order, so I basically stood on the side near the restrooms pretty much staring at the blown up articles they had on the walls. Once I got home, I realized that I needed to put the sauce on the noodles, which I thought was a good thing. (Even if I do like the sauce making the noodles soft and mushy.) I let it sit for a little while and went to do something else. When I went back to my food, I saw that it really wasn't a very big portion for the $10 I paid. It barely covered the bottom of a styrofoam container. It was a little disappointing. But the food wasn't bad. It was tasty and the cake noodle was similar to ones I've had previously. I don't think I'll be going back anytime soon, though. It wasn't worth the price I paid and I think I could have gotten more for my money somewhere else. But at least I got cake noodle. That was the one bright spot.
4	From the reviews, we had to try the crispy kau chee, cold ginger chicken, and almond pressed duck. All delicious. The spot itself gave a SF hole in the wall feel that we like. Don't order the wine unless you like your wine sweet. Do get the salted duck egg and mix with your rice for added salty goodness. Worth the trip from the southside!
4	this place you strictly go for the food , not the atmosphere or service because quite frankly they are both a little scary in the normal world . The chinese food here is beyond YUM , it is Hawaii style and we have come here for years , its totally in the hood but so worth the drive . we get the crispy kau gee every time , the minute chicken and cake noodles is my favorite and the deep friend short ribs I think it is ?? the menu has alot of things but this is all i have tried I know what i like !!
4	Was here for lunch again on 8/24/14.  Still very good.  Did the ownership change?  Maybe a new cook?  The food tasted a little different (but still good), and the presentation style of the dishes were also different.  But I still think that for "Hawaiian Style" Cantonese food, this place is very good.  And the prices have gone up a bit, but still very good.  For those of you who are interested this is what we ordered: 4 orders of crispy gau gee, one order of beef brocolli/cake noodle. one order beef gailan/cake noodle, fishcake with veggies, spicy eggplant with pork, kau yuk, pot roast chicken, harm har ong choi, and one other dish that escape my memory right now.  The purpose of listing all the dishes is to let you know that all these dishes were very good.  We ordered extra since my son drove home immediately to LA and took the leftovers with him.
4	"Hawaiian 'Kine" Chinese Food Be sure to try the Curry Puff appetizers! We like to go with a group because there are so many delicious choices, that way everyone can get an entree and share family style.
5	My wife and I ate here on on a cold Friday night. When we came, there were customers sitting down but actually waiting for their takeout hehe. I've heard this place is a hotspot for Hawaiian locals living in Vegas  who miss the good chinese food back home. This resto does remind me of the chinese restos back home in hawaii and the food is the same too which is great. We had the Beef with Vegetable Chow Mein ($9.95), Wonton Soup ($6.95), and General Tsao's Chicken ($9.99). The wonton soup was good. The Chow Mein was ok but Im glad they ask your preference if you want the sauce on the side (dry style) or wet. The chicken was best thing we ate. It was a little sweet and little spicy with a bed of steamed broccoli. I've tried this place before and had their oxtail soup and beef with bitter melon which were great.  I love coming here for the nostalgia of Hawaiian style Chinese food and will definitely come back to try their other dishes.
