5	I love this place so much.  It is by far the best all-you-can-eat sushi that I have found.  Everytime I am in Vegas I make sure I hit this place up at least once.  They always have very fresh fish and since it is a full menu made to order all-you-can-eat you can be happy ordering the nicer stuff and not worry about breaking the wallet.
3	This place has a dirt cheap daily lunch special - $4.95.  On the day we went it was CA roll and tempura.  Other days have combinations with chicken teriyaki.  Miso soup and salad are included.  The portions were huge.  Granted we were a group of lighter eaters (mostly senior citizens except me) but everyone seemed to have half of their rolls and a few pieces of tempura leftover.  There must have been 12 pieces of CA roll per order.  They tasted ok, just average.  The tempura was way overdone with a thick batter, and just looking at its oiliness made me queasy.  And ah yes, there was also a greasy tempura smell when entering the restaurant.  Good deal for the wallet but not the palate.
3	My visit to Vegas included stopping here, thank you Kat, where I ordered the Shrimp and Veggie Tempura (about $6) and the Japanese Lasagna (also about $6) and my husband was able to get something he enjoyed too the Chicken Teriyaki bowl. It came with soup and salad, I ate his soup but we didn't touch the salad... No particular reason. They have and all you can eat for about $24 but I was very full from what I got. The Japanese Lasagna had Yum Yum sauce which I was later told was a spicy Mayo.... It was VERY good but they shouldn't put so much on there. I scraped off the rest halfway through. When I go back to Vegas I will definetly dine here again.Only bad thing was the service. And that wasn't terrible, they just didn't come by very often and we ordered before the rest of our group came. We got our food right before they walked in and the waiter came back maybe 20 minutes later but we were already done. I thought they're supposed to come by and make sure everything is alright. Our extra guest said "it's ok, there's always fast food" lol. Gotta love great company.
1	Its kind of hard to be a bad all-you-can-eat sushi joint in this town -- in any town, maybe. There's a basic formula you follow. As long as you plug in the right variables, you're golden. As far as menu is concerned, Sushi Factory was pretty spot on. We went for lunch so there was a few things they didn't offer for their lunch menu, like otoro. But then they didn't offer hirame (halibut) at all. That was the very first indiscretion. The only thing that pissed me off after that was the service. I understand that sushi chefs traditionally have a shogun (aloof) attitude, but these sushi dudes had straight up bad bedside manner. They were slow and forgot orders. Our waitress was polite, but she never refiled my green tea. I suppose we were the forgotten ones because we were the first to sit at the sushi bar, while all other guests sat at tables. The sushi bar is isolated from the rest of the dining area, which I would think makes for bad restaurant feng shui. It just doesn't seem like good flow to have to traverse the restaurant with hands full of food like that. I already have a bread a butter all-you-can-eat sushi place. I shall never return to Sushi Fucktory.
5	fucking delicious!this is absolutely the best sushi i've ever had.. and the all you can eat deal includes practically the entire menu.  it looks pretty blah from the outside, but upon walking in, it was to my happy discovery that the interior was much cuter & more spacious than the entrance would have had me believe.  the rolls are creative, [Lisa Lisa will make you squeal with happiness], and the value is great.  the only possible complaint i have is that my waitress rarely came around.. but i was too busy stuffing my face to mind.i must reiterate:  fucking delicious!
2	This place is...hmm...in a strip mall.  It looks a bit rustic from the inside and out.  We sat at the sushi bar instead of a table.  Our chef was cool and very quick.  Behind him was a wall of business cards that kept my attention for the remainder of the dinner I did manage to eat.My boyfriend had the all-you-can-eat sushi.  I had the beef and chicken teriyaki (as I do not eat anything that lives in the water except seaweed).  My meal came with miso soup and a small salad.  The miso soup was pretty tasty!  And the small salad very basic but had an excellent ginger dressing atop of it.  My entree looked really good when our waitress served it but, as I began to eat it, it was full of fat (both on the chicken and the beef).  I guess that would be okay if I liked gristle and fat but, I hate the chewy stuff--it makes me want to puke.  I probably ate 2% of my meal, not including the rice.  My boyfriend ate most of his rolls but later commented to me that he didn't think the ingredients were very fresh.Overall, our chef was cool.  Our waitress was very sweet and attended to us very well.  I think the restaurant itself could use a good cleaning and remodeling whenever they get a chance, but hell, what do I know?
5	This is my favorite place to eat sushi in Vegas.  Whenever I have friends come in from out of town who want sushi this is where I bring them first. They have a great variety of rolls, and they don't put a brick of rice in your sushi just because it's all-you-can-eat like other places do.  You can even order half-orders if you just want to try out a roll.  Only place I know that has cajun albacore... it's great! Overall, great quality and friendly staff.  Too bad its a bit far from where I live. =T
1	I have to agree with Shoe K.   Please don't waste your time patronizing this place.  "All-you-can eat", yeah right.  More like, "All you can eat, as long as it's not uni, ikura, hamachi, ama ebi etc."  This was a go to spot my buddies and I would hit up while in Vegas, but after our last visit, forget it.  The service was horrible.  I can't stress that enough.  We only received our first order of sushi (which included the aforementioned uni, ikura, hamachi etc.), and after a subsequent similar order, we did not receive.  Waiters continually asking if someone had taken our order, or the kitchen is being cleaned, again if someone had taken our order, on and on.  Total BS.
3	Unlike some of the other reviewers, I kind of liked this place.  The price of the buffet was very affordable.   Yes, there are limits on specific items but I have seen that at other buffet places.The service was adequate when I was there.  Overall the food was good and I enjoyed my meal.   I would return.
3	After hearing either really bad or really good reviews of this place, I decided to give it a try...and came out with a rather unassuming average review instead! Sushi Factory is located in a plain and slightly seedy looking strip mall. Being from the East Coast, I know that most good restaurants are not in the best of neighborhoods, so I was excited...Decor was also run down, but not terrible inside. It was tacky a bit dirty, but definitely inviting in a "homey" type of way.Service was average. We had to ask our waitress quite a few times to refill my water, but she always obliged and often walked by and never disappeared. Her attitude was rather aloof, but she "blessed" us with her smile a couple of times, so average rating she gets.We ordered some nigiri, sashimi and fresh oysters. I wasn't in a mood (for once) to eat a lot :). Fresh oysters were, how do I say this?, pretty fresh. I didn't expect for these to be good, but they were. Not the best I've had by any means, but definitely tasty. Sushi was edible and tasty as well, however, fish was not the freshest and presentation was rather poor. Miso soup and salad were the best part of the meal, and had very good flavor to them. Prices were incredibly cheap for a sushi place.Overall, I may come back to Sushi Factory, but only because my best friend lives across the street. I will not make a special trip to go there, as there are so many better sushi places in Vegas...However, if I'm in a neighborhood and craving some sushi, and running low on money $$$$ I will stop by and experience Sushi Factory again.
4	I feel like I'm swimming upstream here. If you have a big appetite and your sushi bill is normally around a bill for one person, I'd suggest checking this place out. Yeah it's in a strip mall and the fish isn't what you'd expect at Nobu but the sushi is great quality for all you can eat. Plus you can order 1/2 rolls and they have around 30 to choose from. All the Nigiri, yes there's a limit on ama ebi and uni but how the frick do you expect a place to stay in business and make a living, give me a frickin break, these reviewers are out of their gawdamm mind. You can also eat as many fresh oysters as you like, that's a deal in itself. My friend and I ordered the sashimi/tempura meal and it was served with 2 shrimp tempura, 2 eggplant, 1 sweet potato, 1 broccoli, and 1 onion. 8 pieces of sashimi, a cut california roll, miso soup, rice and salad for $13.50. What a deal. My other 2 friends had the all you can eat and they loved it. $80 for 4 including all the free ice tea refills. Definitely a deal in my book. Yes I'm a fan. 4 well deserved stars.
3	The sushi here was pretty good with a couple of the rolls being better than average. The service, though, was crazy bad and they took FOREVER to get our check. For the price not a bad deal, but just don't go there in a hurry.
2	Is this even sushi? I went there since my friend at work raved about how good their sushi is. I thought this place was probably the worst sushi I have had in a long time. The prices were pretty high and their food quality is sub par at best. I had their all you can eat dinner special at $24.95. I had their paradise roll, mountain roll and daves roll. I wasn't that bad but I definitely had way better. If these were their best rolls then I have to say I will not be back there ever again. The only good thing about their sushi is that they don't give you a ton of rice with their nigiri, however, their fish quality is horrid compared to other all you can eat places. Their tuna nigiri was warm and pink!? I thought that was really weird. I don't like this place. They really need a make over and a design consultant to revamp this sad restaurant. It is a waste of time and money. Do not go here.
3	So i hopped on the $21.95 all you can eat Lunch with my best friends and some homies .. we came up to Vegas for my best friend's birthday and we all agreed that a Japanese Buffet would hit the spot .. I was happy with the sushi, but disappointed in the tempura .. i like my tempura CRISPY, not SOGGY. But the taste of it was still koo .. i picked at some chicken teriyaki from my homie's plate and i couldn't complain cuz the chicken was tender ... from the sushi menu i ordered the "Joe the Man", the "Bank Roll", the "Spider Roll" and we hopped on some Yellowtail (Hamachi) Sashimi .. all well deserving of 4 stars .. but yeah, the rating went down to 3 stars cuz of the tempura .. I also ordered the Gyoza, which was fried and not oily and also not skimpy (some places don't have too much meat in their gyoza or it's greasy) .. i also got some edamame. The veggie tempura i ordered  .... well .. i was disappointed from the selection .. potato, yam, and eggplant. I was looking for a broccoli .. a carrot .. maybe a string bean .. but i got the boring ones .. i'm assuming cuz it was part of the all-you-can-eat sushi menu, so they gave us the veggies not too many people look for? lol .. i dunno .. the special plate for $7.95 had a california roll, shrimp/veggie tempura and another entree of your choice. It came on a big plate and wasn't bad at all for $8. i'd cop that if i wasn't in the mood for sushi (but that's rare..) .. .the dressing on the salad is kinda odd for me, but my best friend told me it was a ginger vinaigrette and that explained everything (i'm not fond of ginger..) .. one thing i did like was that they'll customize orders with no complaints .. a fried Philly Crunch roll tastes better than the regular Philly Crunch roll .. and im allergic to Avocado, so i'm glad they kept it outta my sushi =) they also paid attention to us, making sure we didn't need anything else and constantly refilled the water (w/ lemon, that was a plus for me) .. I'd come back here again, but only for the sushi ... i could do without the combo plates ...
5	BEST sushi for your buck anywhere, everything is fresh, they have amazing rolls, and the sometimes the service is excellent they usually lag a bit, but if you get the right server he'll help you out with whatever you need on the menu, it s a vegas tradition for me to go here everytime i go to vegas.
3	i don't know why but we always end up here when we go in big groups to vegas. i guess cuz in a big group, no one can decide where to go and AYCE sushi is easy. it's not the best or freshest( it's sushi in the desert!)but for 25 bucks, they have a pretty good variety of creative rolls, and you can order non sushi items like tempura, hamachi-kama, oysters. i usually judge a place like this on their salmon. here- it's a hit or miss. sometimes it's pretty good, sometimes, it's bleh. bad salmon is the worst!
4	It's not SushiMon but, it's pretty darn good sushi =)Portions are pretty big...then, again, I would hope so for the price you pay. Rolls are, generally, over $10. Seems like lots of locals go there because business cards are, practically, taped to the whole sushi bar wall.The neighborhood isn't so great cuz the adult superstore is near by --- but, heyyyy, I'm not gonna judge! After some sushi, maybe, you want some tuna? Who knows!!!I had a bunch of stuff. Forgot most of the names/nicknames. But, the MUST samps of the place that I do remember the name of is the CAJUN ALBACORE!!!!! Yummy..it's seared on the outside with cajun seasoning.
3	I am really not a fan of this place. I think it is more on the 2.5 star scale. The rolls are filled with too much rice. Th nigiri is OK. I really do not have much to say about this place. It is just eeeeeeeeeeh. Mediocre.
4	OK, so here's the deal.  Sushi Factory can be super awesome, but you have to do it right.  First, never sit at a table.  The service is slow and awful.  Sit at the bar, for sure.The quality of the food is really good.  It's less expensive than most of the other sushi places in Vegas.  Takashi is the owner, and he is a super nice and good guy.  If you let him know what you like, he'll whip up a really nice selection for you.If you like simple rolls, this place is perfect.  The all-you-can-eat is good, but you can definitely get full on a-la-carte.  The cajun tuna is exceptional.  Just order simple rolls: if you go crazy with designer rolls it might hurt your pocket book.Takashi is familiar with gluten free needs.  Bring your wheat-free tamari if you wanna go gluten free, but if you forget, just get some spicy mayo or regular mayo to dip your sushi.  Of course, GF'ers should avoid the tempura, and all other sauces, including the ginger dressing.  The miso is also gluten free.In all, the best value for sushi in Vegas, by far.  Would be 5 stars if the table service was good.
4	After coming back a couple more times I'm convinced that the Sushi Factory has earned an additional star. David B is dead on when he says ya' need to sit at the bar in order to get good service. Their fish has been consistently fresh tasting and their rolls portioned pretty well. Try the Fireball and the Tokyo Blaze rolls if you want some good, clean rolls that have great spice to 'em. The mochi at the end is the proverbial icing on the cake and either the coffee or the mango flavors rock.
2	I ate here for Valentines day it was sooooo busy. It was also our first time. We made reservations but it was like there was no point to make reservations because we still had to wait for 30 mins to get seated. When the waiter is there ask all the questions you need answered, Make sure you order enough sushi to get full, and ask for the check right when they give you your food because once he leaves he is going to take a lonnnnnnnnnnng time to come back, like another 20-30mins. My waiter was takashi. He was cool and nice. We ordered everything he recommended because we love surprises and trying things new so everything he recommended was delicious and the best. It was probably like that because it was a holiday like Valentines day. Just a heads up, if your planning on going here DON'T GO HERE ON A HOLIDAY!
3	Came for AYCE when a huge group of friends came to visit me and my cousin from Los Angeles. We used to live in the Spring Valley area and always passed this. So our big party went. So I ordered for myself, thinking to start slow with what I can handle- 1 roll and nigiri and a tempura. Others followed suit with their orders- some not holding restraint on their orders and most are "roll happy". So rolls started to come out....I found mine and happily ate it...then more rolls and more rolls that everyone else ordered. A few nigiri made it, but none were the pieces I ordered....only the basic, tuna, salmon etc someone else ordered...maybe 12 pieces and thats all we saw the whole night. So many rolls kept rolling in...so many in  fact that we had to cancel anything else we ordered to get through rolls on our table. A few we couldnt even figure out who the hell ordered it...if any of us ordered it at all!  I had to help everyone else eat their rolls so we dont get charged a la carte. I dont like rainbow rolls- I did not come to eat california roll with some fish on top! There was too much rice to me in the rolls, hence stuffing us all up.  I did not like how they did not pace us or bring each person what they ordered like other AYCE's do. I had no problem at places like Sushi Mon serving us as individuals in a group..and I like that when you order nigiri first then thats what you'll get...they dont "forget" the order and skip to the rolls. The server didnt look too happy with us too and was crabby serving us- this time I can't blame them. Normally me and my brother had to speak/apologize for the group. Mind you they dont know how to shut up most of them....they're so loud the deaf can hear it...but also we've never had ALL the loud ones in a group dinner with us...it was the complete symphony of cackling gays.  Kinda embarrassing and I apologize if you were there on a night a party of 12 gays were there with me and had to hear their bullshit. If I was any of you, I woulda slapped all of us. It was just not a pleasant night at all and though my friends are asses, if the staff served like other AYCE's did we wouldnt have had problems with being roll overwhelmed. I still cant get near anything with crab or I gag and this was months ago. Maybe I'll come back as a friend said they really like the sushi chef here and is a regular, but I dunno.  Maybe the BF and I will come with the our friend who loves this place to give it a fair rating.
5	The place is out dated, but who cares they have great friendly service. HUGE all you can eat menu!. Come hungry!. Would differently come back when I come visit again.  The sushi is really delicious!!.
3	I'm surprised I haven't reviewed this place yet. It's my husband's favorite, so we come here often. If you're wondering why then that I only give it three stars; well, here's the thing:This was the best sushi place, when we first started coming here (I would say a year or so ago), but I've noticed a steady decline in service. Last night, our waitress took our order, then I think I spotted her twice in the restaurant the rest of the night. Some other waiters took turns serving us, but they did so sporadically and half the time forgot things. Our first order of sushi came out really quickly, but from then on,  the orders came so slow, we thought the waiter had forgotten to put in the last one and we were about to leave without having it (with all-you-can-eat, it wouldn't have affected our bill anyways).The sushi on the other hand, is still excellent! In fact, last night it was the owner himself making the sushi and it was mmm, mmm, good. :)They have great specials, which vary by day of the week, but I'm bored with their roll menu. It seems like too many rolls are repeated, only with a different fish or sauce on top. There could be more creativity/variety there.
4	This is on a little strip mall on Jones and Tropicana.  I LOVE sushi so my brother took me there.  It was all you can eat lunch or dinner.  Lunch is less but you don't get the uni or sweet shrimp like you get at the dinner all you can eat.  The two above are limited one per person but worth it.  Make sure you ask them to cook the head, it comes out with a tempura batter but is really crispy and sweet - superb.  The fish is fresh and sweet with no fish odor.  There is a ton or assorted roles.  They even have a few not on the menu, just ask.  They also have fresh oysters to die for.  There are other Sushi Factory around the Las Vegas area but this is the only one I have been to.
4	So I like sushi and went for the AYCE option.  Not sure if I needed to do this but I wanted the freedom to choose what I wanted.  The service was friendly although sparse.  I didn't feel like I was "guided" through my dining experience which I expect anywhere I'll be expected to tip.  It's the little things like having to look for someone to seat me when I entered and whether I pay at the table or at find a register.  I can see why folks recommend to sit at the bar.  The sushi was good and I had no problem getting uni or anything else eclectic (and expensive) that I ordered.  For the price this is the best sushi place I've found, yet.  Would definitely recommend them for anyone looking for good sushi without breaking the bank.
4	I went here for the first time on July 3rd.  Yes, 4th of July weekend,  I expected it to be packed, but we were seated right away.  We arrived about 7:45 and it was almost 9:30 when we left.  The sushi was very, very good.  My favorite roll was the Jimmy the Attorney roll.  The sea eel sushi was sooo good too.  The only reason why I didnt give 5 stars is because they forgot a couple of our orders-oysters and drinks...  But I ate sooo much AYCE sushi it was well worth the 25 bucks.  Hell, for 25 bucks they can forget whatever they want as long as they get it when i remind them. I understand there were different servers who probably got mixed up with orders and stuff, but it's not like  I was at a super fancy restaurant- and it was all sooooo delicious!Whoever complains and gives one star for all u can eat sushi that cost $25 is lame, this place is awesome.
5	My favorite place in Vegas!!!!!!!! When iI lived in the neighborhood I went there like 2 or 3 times a week.While I've had better sushi, you CANNOT beat the price. many rolls of 8 are $4.25, rolled well, and if you get two rolls they give you free miso soup and salad. that's 4 dishes for like $9.00 total.Plus I've come to know the staff by name and they're great.Trans-Friendly- Yea, def. There are Thai chefs there so they're obv cool, the rest.. probably ok.
1	I used to come here a lot when I was in college. They had that three items lunch special which was a really good deal. However, when I went there last week, tuna roll was not fresh,and they charged us 18% tips after tax. The worst was the food gave me diarrhea. I will not go back again. My friend told me that one time they argued with the manager with the tip issue, the manager's attitude was horrible and disrespectful.
1	This place everytime i used to go there, smelled gross. dirty bathrooms and i felt like i was in the movie Aladin due to its structure. The waiters keep forgetting something on my order, and/or they take FOREVER to give it out. GO TO THE SUSHI FACTORY ON EASTERN INSTEAD! Theyre very fun ( they interact and acknowlege your presence) Nice and good vibes. Cleaner. Good location.As a sushi lover, I keep comming back to the one on Eastern everytime.
4	They have awesome lunch specials
3	Ahhh the Sushi Factory.  I've been here a few times and it's okay.  On every occasion I've always ate AYCE sushi so I have no comment on the actual dinner dishes.  BUT this is a sushi factory so that's what I should be eating right?  The rolls here are pretty standard and nothing really stood out for me.  I enjoyed a few of the baked rolls but they were pretty saucy and I'm not too much of a saucy sushi kind of guy.  Sit at the bar here if you are doing the AYCE because they are much much much faster there than if you were sitting at a booth or table.  Hopefully they get a little more creative with the rolls and maybe I'll come back to eat here again.  Hit me up when you got new rolls guys.. I'll be waiting.
1	I have heard great reviews about Sushi Factory, and after my visit, I'm not sure if I went to the right place? Right when we walked in we were hit with a bad fish smell that lingered the entire time we were there. We ended up getting the all you can eat option and that was OK. I didn't think the sushi had much flavor, if it wasn't a spicy roll, it tasted bland and if it was a spicy roll, all you could taste was spice. The service wasn't too great either. It wasn't even busy when we went and we might have saw our server a total of 3 times. This is one place I can say that I will not give another chance to and go back, there are plenty other sushi places that offer all you can eat. I have definitely had better sushi else where.
2	Sushi Factory was my first all you can eat sushi spots since 1999. I haven't been back since the early 2000's. Since I started eating ocean flesh again,  I went to pay them a visit with my Living Social Deal Discount. I ordered a few of the nigiri items, yellowtail, Salmon and red snapper. Both of the yellowtail and salmon was cut very thick which made me a little perplexed if the thickness made it chewy or was it the lack of freshness.I would say skip this one and go on to the next AYCE Sushi joint...
4	No way, Oyshi sushi gets 4 stars and sushi factory only 3?... GTF outta here.  I had both oyshi and sushi factory all you can eat.  Sushi factory wins hands down.  Their fish is way higher in quality.  Just sit at the sushi bar and when you get your nigiris especially the salmon dam.. they give you some real thick slices.  the rolls are more on point than oyshi.  Oyshi wants everything super fatty and oily.  Sushi factory mixes great taste w/ their raw fish.  I'd eat here again anyday.  Server was on point. Ask for 2 mochis, she just might give it to you.
2	Gets worse every time...Good prices,but the service and food usually suck.I'm not saying the food is absolutely terrible because they've had their days, but I'd rather pay more somewhere else where I'm more sure I'll be happy with the food before I even step inside than have to pray I get them on a good day here.
1	I enjoy sushi and everything that makes sushi good sushi: the freshness, the flavor, the texture, and even the people that serve it to you.  I can't give half a star so one star will be my rating. Here, let me tell you why. I'll take a different approach and make a list just in case an employee there reads this and decides to help the restaurant out.1) Service with a smile:  It only takes 1 bad seed to ruin the whole crop. I've been here a few times because my friends enjoy this place (?), but the service here just doesn't fit any other sushi restaurant I've EVER been to. It says "60 minute limit" on their menu. They really must stick to the T on this one because after 60 minutes, they just ignore you and forget what you ordered.2) Flava-flaaaav!:  Hit or miss when it comes to the freshness of their fish.  Sometimes it's on, sometimes it's off.  Whenever I ordered my AYCE anywhere else, I get half orders (4 pieces instead of 8) just because I want to taste everything.  It's a recession, but it ain't worth giving someone the stomach flu or worst!3) HGTV: Watch it! Give the place a face lift with some paint or decorations. Some traditional Japanese lamps are always decorative. When my friends and I eat here, we're like 20 deep. We get the tables in the middle of restaurant put together and they're uneven and we're on display for everyone to see. I'm charging for pictures next time.Hope this helps everyone. This isn't a review to knock the place but to give it some constructive criticism because face it. This is Las Vegas and everyone deserves good food with good service. We live in a DESERT, people! ;) Happy eating!
3	I have a soft spot for Sushi Factory. It was the first AYCE sushi place I tried. I used to LOVE coming here.. but ever since Oyshi opened (and it's closer to my house too) I frequent that place more often now. My boyfriend and I decided to come here tonight since we haven't been here in awhile.. and I couldn't believe how dead the place was! When I came here before, it used to be so packed & it was at least a 15-20 min. But not tonight. I don't know if maybe it was because it is Halloween weekend or what.. but times sure have changed! The AYCE sushi is still the same.. good variety of rolls (we like the Bank roll, Westwood roll, Olli roll, 3-10 roll, and many other ones I forget the names of), nigiri, side items, and of course green tea ice cream or mochi for dessert! Not bad for the AYCE price ($25.00) but Oyshi definitely has this place beat. It is not a bad 2nd choice :)
3	Pros: They give you generous portions. Quality & freshness has always been excellent when I've went there. Amazing deals with all you can eat (ladies' night is the main reason why I keep coming back!). Menu is full of unique, different, and plentiful meals! The prices are one of the high points for all that you can get!Cons: Service is slow for sit down in the dining room, the sushi chef "shogun" attitude is a little over the top (or some chefs just don't make things personalized with their customers?), waitresses have forgotten items twice before.I've been going to SF since 2006. A couple years back when I first started going the service wasn't as slow in the dining room as it is now, and from what others have said, if you come in hungry wanting to hit plates back to back, sitting at the bar is your best bet for quick service.SF would have so much potential if some of the chefs eased up a little on the "shogun" attitude & if there was better service. I've had waitresses forget appetizers twice before, or have forgotten and realized their mistake, which made us wait even longer to get our items. Takashi is the owner & is such a great guy to speak with! Takashi & some of the chefs that have been around SF for awhile are the ones who are most likely to speak casually to customers, but otherwise these new people they've hired over the years could use some work with customer service.I really hate to give SF three stars because the quality/pricing really is a great deal for a sushi joint in Vegas (and the owner is an unbelievably nice guy), but I really do hope these guys realize there needs to be a little more work with their chefs/waitresses when it comes to service!
4	Pros:-HUGE selection on the all-you-can-eat menu-Many items on AYCE menu are non-sushi items-Delicious and innovative sushi rolls-Spacious restaurant-Open til 2am on weekends-Generally attentive waitstaffCons:-HUGE selection on the all-you-can-eat menu-If they're busy, your food will take forever-Some fish is obviously frozen-If you're ordering a lot of 1 item, they'll suddenly "run out" of it next time you order itGenerally a good experience. My family ate here twice when we spent the holidays in Vegas. First night (Christmas night) our waiter seemed very new. Took our sushi order once and then never returned to see if we wanted anything else. We literally had to stop him and ask him if we could order again, and he seemed surprised. WTF? This is all you can eat sushi, babe. And we're Japanese. We needs more food mmkay? He got confused by our order and screwed up w/ the chef, so we ended up not receiving some of our food, but some of the other waiters (and I think owner) stepped in and we got everything we wanted and more. We were more than satisfied with our meal, so I really can't complain. PLUS, it was Christmas night. We'll let that one slide. Second visit (12/29) we went for lunch so it was empty. Our waitress was quick and attentive. We ordered about 16 orders of hamachi (and ate it all) before we were told that it was now "unavailable." Then we saw a table near us receive a few orders of hamachi so we were thinking they were trying to screw us out of what we wanted. Ordered more hamachi with another waiter and it was available again. Interesting! But all in all, another good meal. Despite a little weirdness in our service we'll definitely be back to terrorize this joint.
3	PROS:-portions were generous-food was fresh-reasonable priceCONS:-decor desperately needs an update(diff heights of tables and chairs)-slow service when they're busy
4	My hubby and I have been coming here for years ever since we moved to this side of town, and it's always amazing, every single time we come! We love it because of the all you can eat for just $24.99 per person, and considering how much some sushi joints cost here in town, you definitely get your money's worth here. Their AYCE menu has a ton of choices, and even appetizers are included. My only complaint is that sometimes it takes a while for the food to arrive, but they do a very good job at coming back to check and see if you like to order anything else. Highly recommended!!
4	CAN YOU SAY "SHRIMP TEMPURA ROLL"Love Love Love the "all you can eat". The experience is awesome! You must eat at the sushi station bar as they are very attentive and friendly! Is a fun experience! My favorites are as follows, shrimp tempura roll, shrimp tempura, sam's volcano roll, fantasy roll, the sheryl roll which is stuffed with crab meat and deep fried, oh my. I am here weekly, you might just see me there! Contact me if you are looking for a sushi buddy! MMMMMM. The thing that makes me laugh every time is the main old school sushi chef that never smiles. I have gone a lot of times, and although pleasant to deal with I know as a human there has to be a point in which his frown will crack.
5	I love this place.there isnt many places i go to eat sushi wel this is the only one and i love it.great service nice people good food
1	Horrible. Would give a zero rating if possible. Service is non existent. Food is average but just takes too long. Worst experience ever.
5	AYCE Sushi Joints have become so commonplace in Vegas that non-AYCE places are marketing their exclusivity.  Sushi Factory, spawned from the "Sushi On" folks who first hit Vegas with the most commonly-implemented concept, made-to-order AYCE (versus pre-made and laid out).Every time we have some major physical labor (moving an office, hauling off trucks to auction, etc), we use it as an excuse to head over to Sushi Factory.The appetizer/non-sushi selection is more than sufficient for your scaredycat friends who eat one california roll and one order of tuna.  The list of house special rolls is massive and largely descriptive (they do mix in a few "trust me"s.  Trust them.)I have visited Sushi Factory around 15-20 times since moving to Vegas and have NEVER had a problem with the fish.  On a Sunday morning at 1AM it's still good.  If you're an AYCE nut, you can handle the rest, as long as the fish is good and the rice is at least decent (Theirs is sticky, not too moist or dense, and always good to the bite). Speaking of 1AM, I love Sushi Factory for this most of all.  At 1AM, my friends visiting from the East Coast start quizzing me on what fast food joints are open this late and can they still order a pizza or something.  I ask what they really want, one says "I REALLY want Sushi, but it's way too late".  Sushi Factory helps me keep the Vegas cred high: "Guys, you've really forgotten where you are.  You want Sushi at one in the morning, Vegas will make you Sushi at one in the morning!"Service used to be the "decent" you could expect from most AYCE sushi in town.  On our most recent vists, the service has shown signs of improving further.  We never had empty glasses (as common as it is cruel at AYCE), you always felt like multiple people were looking out for you (floor manager is now present regularly, likely facilitating these improvements), and the chefs themselves are a riot, keeping the conversation going between themselves and the guests without ever feeling forced. I'm a big fan of Oyshi, but Sushi Factory is quickly taking over my #1 spot for AYCE Sushi in Vegas.
4	BEFORE: Surprisingly I rated this place a 4! Before I get on about the food and service, I'd like to say that I have been a customer for years! It started off as one of my favorite sushi joints in town until I noticed the customer service was not on the level as I remembered it to be.  The food was also not that great either, where they piled on rice and cream cheese into each roll! So, if I was a yelper back then, I would have given this place a solid 2!AFTER a year or so, I decided to go back to see if there had been any change.  When I walked in, I noticed the place had been painted, and was definitely much better looking than I can remember.  I did AYCE, and as much as I love sushi, I don't know how  to use chopsticks (Yes, sad story. haha). So, I always ask for a fork =). The server came running back with my fork like he was some sort of knight-in-shining-armor, which is a good sign for me, because everyone usually forgets my darn fork =(.So the food came, and I noticed a definite change, it has become even better than I can remember! The service was also wonderful. The servers were much more observant of their customer's needs, and they were just adorable! *NOTE: Another thing I remember is that they have a Ladie's Night Special on Wednesdays, where AYCE dinner is the lunch price! Take advantage ladies! And another good thing is they are open late! I think til 3am? (I'll have to update the times and specials as soon as I go back)
4	Once you sift your way through all the Smith's shopping carts you find a pretty good little place, and it beats battling for parking on Spring Mountain, and the noisiness of Nobu.  We would come here special or no special (though the 2 for 1 Asahi nights is enough reason right there), but it's always fresh - plus they have oysters!  Decor could use an update yes, but you find yourself too busy stuffing your face to notice.At least we were able to order our sushi directly at the counter (we didn't see our server too often - one more on to help couldn't hurt), and they did us a few special requests that other places didn't.   Don't forget your stamp card, we've gone through two!
3	Was the first sushi joint I've ever been to. At first I thought wow this place is great ! But now I think that their rolls are to boring and simple.  Nothing tasted super fresh and delicious.  Last few times I got dragged here by friends I hated it. My memory of this popping my sushi cherry is about all that keeps my score from lowering.
2	i went here in 2006 and it was great...went back 2011 and it sucked!! the yakisoba was yaki. and it was under the all you can eat menu and they said i had to pay extra if i didn't finish it and i said I'm not gonna pay for food that is gross. then the waiter got rude and then it too 20 mins for the next order to come to the table, and we were forced to pay this rude dude a gratuity tip.
2	I always feel kind of bad giving a one or two star review. I did like Sushi Factory's sushi, but there was something about the place that I can't exactly put my finger on that just will not let me give it over a two star rating. Okay, let's go with 2.5. When I arrived I was greeted by a very friendly hostess and seated quickly. Can I comment on the decor? I don't know, just looked a little ram-shackle to me. Ok ok... I'm not trying to be nit-picky, after all I do eat at plenty "dumpy" kind of joints because their food is AWESOME. But somehow dumpy + place that is serving me raw fish = me weirded out a bit.I did the AYCE with my date. He was all hype about liking sushi though, he wouldn't even touch the sashimi I ordered, but instead insisted on all the fried little concoctions. One of our rolls completely fell apart when we tried eating it. Date didn't seem to care, but I was a little peeved.Thank goodness they brought me out sake to begin with. I think this soothed the bad experience. Don't get me wrong, it's a decent little place, I just don't think I'll be going back considering there are much better places in the valley to get AYCE sushi.
5	What all other sushi resturants should be judged by.Decor...ehhSushi Awsome !  And we go there for the food !These Items are better than anywhere else that we have eaten.1. Unagi. this is how we judge sushi bars. Theirs is fresh, warm & the sauce is sweet but not to sweet or gooey.2. Cajun Albacore.  This is the best sushi anywhere, great cajun seasoning with a light  vinagar flavor.3 the best sellection of rolls anywhere.  I am a eel sauce, creamchese avacado fan so we love theBank Roll, Joe the Man, Arizona roll (5 stars), Double D, and almost everything else we have tried. I'm pretty sure diner is 23 or 24. in my opinion the very best sushi bargin in Las Vegas.All good things guys, see you out there!
3	I've been here plenty of times, trying different items. sukiyaki beef bowl was mostly fat, some of the sushi is fine, salad is great, soup is good too. any of the meat dishes I've had was hardly meat, it had chewy fat =/
4	I love this place!! They have a huge selection of sushi to choose from. They also have oysters & sashimi salad! Their 2 or 3 choice combos are the best as well. You can choosefrom a variety of food. The best part is that their servings are a great amount. I most especially love their shrimp tempura. Its perfect crisp and breaded the way I like it. Their prices are very decent and the food is good. Its well worth the money you spend. My family & friends eat at Sushi Factory at least twice a month. The only down side about this place is that the customer service isn't that great at times because of being short staffed but there staff is always friendly. I definitely recommend this place to everyone so they can bring their families and friends because of the awesome vibe fit for anyone to enjoy all the good food and fun!
4	I LOVE this place.  Its a very chill atmosphere and good customer service.  I'd recommend sitting at the bar but the tables are still good. We always stop here on our Vegas trips and I don't see that changing any time soon.  I've never needed a reservation here, you're sat quickly and your food comes out fast.I only come here for the all you can eat sushi, and for $25 a person why would you get anything else?!  The sushi is fresh, tastes good, comes out fast, and there's no limit.    This place is well worth your money considering 3 rolls anywhere else would already cost about $25+ and the cost of all the other buffet/all-you-can-eat places in Vegas.  I'm not going to say its the best sushi I've ever had (although the first time i was here it was definitely on the top of the list), but it's well worth the money and time.  I'll be coming back again :)
3	It angers and confuses me why it's so difficult to find a sushi joint open for lunch in this city, so I'm giving an extra star to sushi factory for simply serving me.The sushi was fresh and the chef was cordial, both big factors in my opinion of sushi restaurants. The aptly named Sushi Factory is just that however; they pump out thinly sliced basics and run-of-the-mill rolls. I would return if I was in the area and needed a quick dose of fatty tuna, but wouldn't go out of my way. Also I'm pretty sure our chef's accent was constructed for our own entertainment. If I was a more sensitive person (or asian) I might have been offended.
4	Service was decent. Never had to ask for a refill on water or tea. Food was good. I don't do rolls cause it's not traditional sushi. More tailored for people that cringe at seeing raw fish on a slab of rice. So I'm not ranking the rolls. Sushi was fresh though. The sushi chef we had was very personable. The other chefs seemed way less personable. Not unfriendly but kind of stoic. It doesn't bother me though cause I'm just there to eat. Interior is pretty drab. Could be updated but i it's okay if they're making money. No sense make things extravagant.One of the waiters seemed disinterested in serving us but later on we had a very cheerful waitress.I'm giving it 4 stars because I thought the food was fresh and nicely prepared with decent portions. Again just sushi and at the counter. Also,  I'm not comparing this to high end Vegas strip sushi or top notch Japan places I've been to. Great value and I'd return again.
4	A laid back, low key sushi restaurant.  Best for all you can eat, particularly if you are a roll fan.  Personally, I am.  Yeah, rolls might not be "true sushi."  I know that, but for some of us, that's what we like.  If so, you're going to love Sushi Factory.  Personally I think the best aspect is that it is the only AYCE place I have found in town that doesn't have a time limit.As for service, most times I've been (and I've been a ton!), it's fine.  If it wasn't, why would I go back?  But yes, if it's busy it can get a little slow, service wise.  Again, however, if you are there for AYCE, there is no time limit.  And most times my hubby and I go with a group of friends so we like to take 2 hours and sit and talk.  And we do that whether the service is fast or slow, the time we take is up to us.The only reason they get 4 stars instead of 5 is the decor, tables and chairs.  Really, Sushi Factory?  You can't invest in some matching seating, new tables, and updated decor?  Please try.  I think more people would give you a chance.
3	Laid back and low key fit this place. I liked that the portions were big and that they werent as strict as some of the other all you can eat sushi places in Vegas. Good spicy tuna rolls and 911 rolls. I will come back because of the value, I dont think the rolls were as pretty or as varied as other places however.
1	I have been going to this place for years.  In the last several months, the service has gone from "never great" to "absolutely terrible".  The entire staff seems to be in a bad mood, which in turn, puts the patron in not so good a mood.  And that's not the worst of it... they are OVERLOADING their sushi and rolls with rice and placing the skimpiest pieces of fish on their creations (is this because of the bad economy?).  I would rather they charged more and kept their food quality the same, but oh well.Call me crazy, but I have this thing about restaurant bathrooms being a good indication of what the kitchen must look like.  Don't want to go into any detail on this.  Needless to say, this last trip was well, my LAST.
5	The reason I am giving Sushi Factory 5 stars....A group of five of us went for dinner tonight and ordered the all-you-can-eat sushi.  As we were seated, our waitress mentioned something about it being $10.95 per person.  We thought nothing of it because, when we come here, we usually order the all-you-can-eat sushi at a price of about $25 per person.  Even the $25 per person price is reasonable, considering there is no time limit annnnd the menu includes ALL specialty rolls, sides, etc.  So, we ordered specialty roll after specialty roll...all quite delicious!  The staff was very attentive and did not hesitate to continue to bring us more rolls in a timely fashion.At the end of the evening, they brought us our bill and a couple people in the party thought there had been a mistake because it was so cheap....and the waiter told us that they were having a special tonight...all-you-can-eat....$10.95 per person....really!  He said they were offering it at their Henderson location tomorrow (11/29/11) and, for those people who came in tonight or tomorrow, they would be sending another offer for the end of December for another AYCE special!  Needless to say the "bargain bill" was for real!  :P  This was a pleasant way for them to reward existing customers and to attract new ones.  Hopefully, they will offer this deal again in the near future.  Be on the lookout.  :P
5	6 years ago, this was my first and only sushi spot in Vegas. Haven't been back in 3-4 years. After trying many other places around town, I brought a few people here for an All You Can Eat extravaganza. Very glad we did!!EXCELLENT SERVICE!!!!! Unique rolls and very high quality. Totally worth $25My friends who had never been here before raved the entire time.If you are reading this, be sure to review Sushi Factory and tell others.
3	I went back for another visit in hopes of keeping or raising my previous 4 star rating. No such luck and to my dismay, ended up dropping to a 3 star which is more adequate as a result of my most recent visits. :(I was less than impressed this time around even more so than my last visits and in between.My little Sister and I were craving Sushi at 1am, they are open until 2am so we swung by on a Friday night. It was dead which was cool we just walked right up to the bar and sat.We did not do AYCE as it was so late, we just wanted our sushi craving satisfied.We ordered the special which is not on the menu, two full shrimp Tempura rolls, salad, and miso soup all for $11. A fantastic deal as a single roll cost more than that. We ate one roll and took one home for munchies later.The service was OK, not really much service to be had unless you order AYCE.Our sushi rolls were mostly rice, very little taste of the avocado, crab or shrimp, in which the roll is called "Shrimp Tempura". They have definitely downsized as far as product to rice roll portion. We really like the eel sauce, however we do not want to have to dunk it in just to add taste. Really tasted just like white rice with eel sauce. Consuming the roll solo was bland and flavorless.I am disappointed as they used to be good.A visit at 1am is not the best either as they close at 2am and start closing the sushi bar down and cleaning up so we did feel a bit rushed to eat and get the hell out of there.A good deal in price is not a reason I would come back anytime soon.I much prefer quality over quantity and price value. There is a reason they were dead on a Friday night as other sushi joints are poppin on a weekend!I won't be back sad to say, too many other great options available right here in Las Vegas!
3	Friends and I all skipped dinner the night prior (mostly for good reasons) so the following morning AYCE anything sounded just about right.  My buddy recommended this spot and raved about how their Cajun Sushi and Soft Shell Crab were to die for.  Heck, we were starving so we saved time and made the call instantly..We arrived at noon and it was empty, which was good because we were starving.. Just make sure to get the AYCE deal because otherwise, you'd be a fool to hate to lose out on their large selection of sushi rolls, hand rolls, sushi, sides, and appetizers available.Of all the rolls we ordered (too many to remember), my favorite was the Tiger Roll.  The cajun sushi really was as good as my friend said it would be.  Beware of the Soft Shell Crab roll because it is a large serving (I recommend ordering just one of these to make room for other selections).Overall, the quality of the sushi was ok but definitely worth the money paid.  Not sure how it is when busy but I'm lucky we didn't have to wait in line or anything.
1	I use to go here every so often, but I will never go here again or recommend this place either. I went there because it was convenient and the combination special with sushi rolls and soup and salad was quite a deal. That was pretty much the only thing about this place. Otherwise, the service was always bad. You could walk in and sit at the door for quite sometime before being greeted or seated. Bad first impression right? But again, the price is much lower than other places. Anyway, the reason I've decided to no longer go there now and write this review was because of my most recent experience. Last weekend I called to place an order for carry out that my dad would be picking up. I asked how long it would take and I was told 15 minutes. I thought perfect, my dad will be there in about 20 or so minutes so it should be ready to go for him. This was important because he had to be somewhere by a certain time shortly after picking up the food. I then received a phone call from my dad irritated because he walked in and was waiting and had not been helped at all. As we were talking someone finally came to help him. Who then said they had no food ready for pick up and that they did not have an order. I hung up with my dad and called the restaurant directly. I asked about my order and the woman on the phone apologized and said that they did take the order but it was never made for some reason that she was unaware of. She said she can go ahead and have them make it now. I told her to go ahead and cancel the order and that my dad was already there and that she needs to go and talk to him because I'm not sure if he can wait, since again, he had somewhere to be. He told them to cancel the order because he had to leave. If he did not have somewhere to be he would have gladly waited. But this was a quite upsetting because he arrived later than 15 minutes and not only was it not ready, but it wasn't even being made. It would have been completely different if we were told that they were working on it. Now, about 45 minutes later, I receive a phone call telling me my order is ready and asking where my dad went. I told them, we asked to cancel the order  because it was not ready or being worked on while he was there and he had to leave.This weekend, we decided to call and place an order again. When I called I began with saying that last weekend we placed the order but it wasn't made so I want to make sure this order would be made. I was then responded with "my owner said I cannot take orders from this number." I explained what happened last weekend. But again she said she would not take an order from me.That is terrible customer service. Last weekend the employee there understood it was their fault, she admitted that the order was placed but no one made it. Now this weekend, this worker, cannot take an order from me because we did not pick up the food? Makes no sense. We didn't pick up the food because it wasn't made when we were there so we asked to cancel it. It is definitely not our fault, as the customer, that the order was not made. It is also not our fault they misunderstood, somehow, that we wanted the order canceled because we had somewhere to be.I now understand why my eat in experiences with the waiters and waitresses have been bad. They must have been hired by the owner, who has no sense of customer service either.Sushi Factory, you did not lose only me as a customer, but all my friends that go there as well. Not to mention the loss of future customers I would have recommended.
5	This place is a good place to go for sushi on a budget.  The atmosphere was definitely nice and chill.  I think the cute little oranges at the end of the meal was awesome.
1	holy ball sauce! this place was absolutely terrible! there was literally no hostess at the front so, regardless of the "wait to be seated" sign we had to seat ourselves. didn't see a server for about 10 minutes and when we finally did, she was so upset by the fact that half of us ordered waters that she decided not to bring them. awful.when it finally came time to order food (about a half an hour later) they forget 70% of our orders, appetizers and entrees. we had to reorder about 5 of the dishes and didn't get them until about 45 minutes later. they came in completely random order and some of us didn't get our food until after everyone else was finished. the prices weren't even that great and neither was the food.i could honestly go on and on with more awful things about this place but it would literally take me all day. please do yourself a favor and drive a mile down the road to a better sushi restaurant.
3	This place used to be one of our "go to" places..just because it has a very convenient location and works late.The food quality is "almost" average..the fish is not as fresh as you would find at "Sushi Mon".The good thing about it is that they have all you can eat for $25 and then they give you a card and each time you had "all you can eat", they stamp it and after you got 9 stamps, the 10-th time it's free..as my boyfriend and I are "sushi lovers"..it wasn't difficult to get a few of those cards stamped .The owner is nice too..but he is kind of moody-one time would be really friendly and then the other it's like he's got smth against you.
1	The first time I came here was because I had to, everywhere I went had a really long wait and I was starving so I saw this sushi spot and decided to check it out. Wonder there was no wait, the place isn't much to brag about. Nigiri: 0/5 I hate when I go places and they give me a chunk of rice and a super thin slice of fish. The portions are so off here, the reason why sushi restaurants pack on the rice is to clearly fill you up so you don't get to fully use their all you can eat. Also the fish here isn't very fresh, I might even say dry at times. Rolls: 2/5  I usually don't order rolls but my boyfriend does, they have a pretty good amount of variety on their menu but nothing really screams "OMG I have to try this" and once again they packed their rolls with a lot of rice. Also I think they make the rice way way before hand so when we ended up getting our sushi roll order the rice was dry and crunchy huge turn off.Value: 0/5 Honestly for $25 All you can eat you mind as well go some where else. This place isn't worth it. There are so many equal priced or even a bit less all you can eat sushi joints in Vegas you can go to. Service: 5/5 The service here is pretty good well when I went it was and I went pretty late and it was kind of dead only 2 other tables other than my table BUT our server was really nice.
1	This sushi was DISGUSTING. The service was horrible and everything I tried  tasted like charcoal: burnt. Sushi isn't just deep fried and full of cream cheese. They even overcharged my card by $10!!NEVER coming here again! IF I could give them no stars, I would.
3	This used to be my favorite AYCE sushi place in Vegas.  I'm going somewhere else and looking at the other Yelp reviews, there are a lot of other choices.When my brother in law introduced me to this place over five years ago and it was fanastic!  The sushi nirigi had small balls of rice and was mostly fish.  There are a lot of choices, they had specials, i.e. ladies night, free Asahi, etc.  What's changed?  A few things:1.  They now charge for green tea when it was free before, and to add insult to injury, they didn't tell me about it till the bill came!  Good thing I was on a business trip and was able to charge it to my trip expenses.  Being such a tightwad, it didn't matter if it was on mine or the company's dime.2.  The quality of the fish has gone down a bit and also, they added more rice and not as much fish.  I think this is probably some cost cutting moves here.3.  The specials are not as good, and nothing worth mentioning.At least there are some good things: one, they now offer raw oysters for dinner (if you like that).  A new offering is poke and it's pretty darn good!
1	Used to come here with friends for a cheap and decent meal. Wasn't ever great, but it wasn't horrible either...Today, was a different story...Let me start by listing everything that was wrong with our experience:1. The restaurant was filthy. The booth we were offered was littered with rice. The place looked like no one had cared for it for a while.2. Our sushi looked like it had been chopped up and thrown together with no care or experience.3. Our rolls only contained a small sliver of fish, compared to what we are usually used to.Any person that has any knowledge or experience of what good sushi is would tell you the same. I don't know why anyone would give this place better than a 2 rating...
4	Unaware of good Sushi places on this side of town, I finally settled on this location and am ver pleased that I did so. Took my younger brother for his first real sushi experience and we both had a great time. The service was great, much more friendly and personnable then I expected. The food was as I expected, if not better, and the $25 AYCE (with the loyalty card too) was exactly what I expected to pay.
5	this is my favorite sushi restaurant in las vegas. i cant even count how many times ive been here. i love the traci roll!
3	It was ok. I didn't mind it. The ambience ok. Service was nice. Food cost reasonable & delicious.
4	I have been going to Sushi Factory for a couple years now, and I love the all-u-can-eat menu, however in the last 6 mos or so, they have lowered the price and excluded some items such as the Screaming Orgasm. Otherwise, the sushi chefs (especially the weekend ones) are skilled and clean and the food is delicious! I don't have to wait each time I go to sit at the bar.
4	Best California deep fried rolls.
4	cheap special lunch combo, for $4.99 u get either chip teriyaki or tempura with Cali roll, can't find it anywhere.
5	Their Marchello roll is the shiznit i'm telling you! Oh and the Spider hand roll too..
3	I met up with some friends who were visiting from Tucson who used to eat here with me prior to moving to AZ. We were contemplating on trying a new place or going to the old faithful sushi factory in which we were familiar with. I said sushi factory it is as I was not in the mood to try a new place and run a chance of it sucking, I just wanted what I knew and fast! We go here for the AYCE yes the all you can eat sushi. They have good rolls and a nice generous selection of options.I tend to order half rolls so I can try many, that is not a problem. You go here for the food, to eat and get your fill of sushi. Not for the service, the guys behind the bar making your rolls are attentive however not friendly and they never smile or talk to you other than the "thank you" as you are almost out of the door. I had my friends to shoot the shit with but I could not stop looking at and staring in amazement at the permanent frowns on the sushi guys faces. It is just odd, I have never seen anything like it before. We always sit at the bar so we can freely order without having to wait for a waiter or waitress to take our orders in the dining area they have as well. The best quality sushi? NOCan you get stuffed silly? YESAYCE? YESFriendly and inviting atmosphere? NO
1	Wanted to try a different sushi spot instead of our norm sushi spots we hit up, so I decided to go here. We Walked in n the decor was cool n the scenery look comfortable n inviting. So the lady greeted us n asked if we would like a table or sit @ the sushi bar, so we decided on the bar. So we walked over n 2 chiefs were busy on their sides n that left us with an older sushi chief with nobody on his side so we sat down and ordered. The ladies who served our drinks n brought out other dishes were very good in service n friendly. So Long story short, sushi took Forever to make, sushi was okay, sushi chief really was slow, ladies service was good. Wife got sick later that night n we will Not be Going Back at all.
3	OkSushi factory is kind of a tricky place the first impression when you get in is like an under designed office.I won't recommend a first date in this restaurant but!!!! The sushi is one of the best in town and they have great deals such as it as much as u can.You have to try the Tuna Poki and the miso soupThumbs up
4	love this place! AYCE for 24.95 so its not super cheap but for how much sushi you can get its a good price. my boyfriend and I spend about 70$ when we come here because we both get AYCE and usually some sake as well. The quality of the fish is good and I'm a big fan of their sashimi and nigiri sushi. Some of their rolls are pretty good but none of them are AMAZING. It almost seems like they have too many options for one thing to really stand out. Most of the fried rolls are so big they're almost impossible to eat. The have some yummy teriyaki options on the AYCE menu as well as postickers and shumai and edemame. There's an older woman who works there and seems to be a type of owner, and she's the best to have. She's very nice and accomodating, but I've noticed some of her younger staff members are rude and take forever and they always looked pissed off. Other than that this is usually the place I come when I want a lot of sushi for a good price!
5	for a lunch break, i came here on a wednesday to get their lunch special for 7- wed: teriyaki chicken and tempura (7: 5 vegetable + 2 shrimp), miso soup, salad, and orange slices for dessert. - fast and friendly service. having less than half an hour to eat, service was on point. food was fresh. water was refilled (huge cup), and check given promptly!- good portion. for what it's worth, it's able to last for the rest of the work day. i don't feel too full or too hungry. just right :)- average taste. don't expect superstar flavor. - this place puts sushi imagine (henderson) in SHAME for their teriyaki chicken lunch special. - 5 stars bc i'd come back again for their lunch specials! :)
1	The fact that people still go here is an example of the low standard sushi quality is held to, as well as the idea that sushi should be eaten by "deal" and not by quality and flavor.I've been here a couple of times and immediately notice the weird smell in the air. It's a lot like a bathroom.The food? This must have been some of the worst sushi I've ever had. In terms of freshness - low. Amount of rice - high. The number of dressed up California rolls - high. This is how AYCE places thrive. They just give you diabetes which just seems counterproductive to customer retention.
4	I pretty much come here once a year in August after a softball tournament with my team. We always seem to have a good time and enjoy their rolls. It comes out to less than $30 p/p after all is said and done with taxes and a drink so it's easy to bring a large group. Sushi tastes fresh to me, not sure why it's been getting such bad reviews on that.. The only thing if I were to be picky is that the servers could have a little more personality. Also, the last time they made a big deal about the bill because they forgot to charge for one ice tea. So as we were paying, they were in a frantic to correct it and left with the bill without taking our money and when they returned they said it was a new bill because they had forgotten the iced tea. One nice thing was that they added gratuity on the bill since our party was larger than 6 or 8, and they didn't expect more tip than that. There was not even an extra line on the credit card slip for a tip. We will probably continue to return if we have a large party in the future. Seems hard to get seated in Vegas at a lot of restaurants if you're in a large party. But not this place. Always seems empty for some reason.
1	Been coming here for years with my parents and family and enjoyed the dinner specials and rolls and eventually started coming with my friends. The rolls have always been so-so but over the past 5-6 years I'd have to say the service has deteriorated.Four of my friends and I came to take advantage of a $12.50 AYCE special they were having. And you get what you pay for. First thing that I noticed as I walked in was the industrial blower fan that was serving as the air conditioner for the dining room. It was situated right by our table and directly behind me so it was hard to miss. Service started off with a bang. I arrived a little late and was told that our waitress was completely ignoring one of my friends as she tried repeatedly to order water. I ordered her water with my sprite which they were surprisingly out of. Another friend tried to order a Sapporo which they were also out of. We both settled for flat cokes.Now to the food: we ordered 2-3 rolls/dishes each which for 5 people is a good amount. Our poke salads and miso soups came quickly enough (nothing to rave about btw). And we sat back and waited for the rest of our rolls.........and waited...........and waited. I figured I give them the benefit of the doubt and that since we had a large order, it would take a little longer. Wishful thinking, I know. About 30 minutes after not receiving anything, we asked about our orders. Our waitress said she would check and never returned. 15 minutes later we asked another waitress who told us that she would go check. She later returned with our order slip and tells us that our rolls were made by the chefs and already given to us. On our table was 4 empty plates of poke salad and 2 empty bowls of miso soup. I pointed that out to her and still she insisted that we received all our rolls. It was AYCE, mind you, and if they already made it once, what's the problem with making it again? Finally she took our order slip back to the chefs. It was an hour after we sat down that our rolls began coming out but it was as if the waitresses were holding a grudge against our table. They would drop off rolls without telling us what kind of roll it was and a lot of the time didn't know. Our cokes were refilled with more flat coke. Very, very frustrating. I later found out that another one on my friends was there the same night and rolls that they didn't order were being delivered to their table. Were they our rolls?? Maybe.....scratch that.....VERY LIKELY as the restaurant was less than half full that night. Like I said the rolls were so-so as always. The fish to rice ratio favors the rice.After the night we had, I doubt I'll be coming back again. It's a shame because their prices are very reasonable and I'd been a customer for a while. But for $12.50 AYCE we really did get what we paid for.
2	I came here today to take advantage of their 9/11 week long special deal. $12 for AYCE. Never been here because I assumed this place wouldn't be that great and damn was I right! The rolls were okay BUT when I ordered the eel nigiri, it was the absolute WORSE eel I've ever had! Disgusting!!! First of all, it took over 30 minutes for me to even get it and when I did get it, it was dark as hell and overcooked to a point where some parts were CRUNCHY and the eel itself was supposed to be soft and flavorful but it wasn't any of that either. SUCH a disappointment. The service was okay. A bit slow but I blame the sushi chefs for that. The chefs' sushi making seemed very inexperienced. The rice seemed like it all falling off. Ugh. Overall, I will not be coming back.Their regular AYCE sushi price is $20+. That's so laughable. Their reg prices should stay $12 because that's how much their food is really worth...
1	SH*TTIEST EFFING SERVICE EVER. Really??!?!?! Wassup with the waitress? She told us that they were out of everything, just because she didnt understand English. You think im joking? no. it was the real truth. Thank God they had the busboy help a little bit. Who confirmed that they indeed have all the stuff the waitress said they were out of. I kept asking if they had oysters. "OYSTERS?" "OYSTERS?" THIS BROAD DIDNT KNOW WHAT OYSTERS WAS! I said to my friends, Uhm, how do you say Oysters in JAPANESE?!?!?!  She replied "Im not Japanese"  OKAY. YOU DONT SPEAK ENGLISH, YOU DONT SPEAK JAPANESE, how are you supposed to take our order? The logical thing to do would be to just point at the items u want in the menu right? WRONG!!!! Out of the maybe 10 items that was ordered from the AYCE, 2 came. it was horrible. OH by the way, our items came out, we still didnt have any silverware! We asked the same genius waitress for the plates, she nodded and said ok, yehhhhh i dont think she understood that either, coz she just went about her way balancing checks. BUSBOY to the rescue! worst part of it all.. they put the 18 percent gratuity in the check already. WHAT A JOKE. NEVER AGAIN. FIRE THIS GIRL. SHES RUINING YOUR BUSINESS.
1	WORST SERVICE!!Not exaggerating, I've never waited so long for food in my life.. (&STILL DIDN'T GET ANY FOOD!!)I would rate the food, but I never got to it with their slow service!They had an NFL promotion going on and with any promotion, they should be well staffed.. especially on the last day of the promotion during dinner time! Well they had 2 chefs last night. ARE YOU KIDDING ME, last day of an AYCE $12.50 promotion during dinner time and you have two chefs working? AYCE sushi during dinner always have more than 2 chefs, promotion or not.(AND THEY DIDNT EVEN HAVE TV's. NFL PROMOTION WITH NO NFL?)So I called in and asked how long the wait would be for a table of 9, he said about 40 mins. 1) When I walked in, there wasn't even a host stand. I had to stand in the walk way (in an unorganized manner bc some people are just standing around waiting) and eventually a waiter walked up and asked random people if they have been put on a list.2) The hosts waiting list was on little sheets of loose leaf paper. No not a notebook or even one large sheet of paper, it was a couple pieces of loose leaf paper! As he scrambled through them to tell anxious customers how far along they were on the waiting list, I know he messed up the order of the list. THERE WAS NO ORGANIZATION, just a couple pieces of paper with your name scribbled on it. No number on it, it didn't have any order besides the organization of the space between each of his fingers.3) He said my wait was about an hour, I figured it was fine to wait. It's cheap, my whole family was there already (including my parents that we had to beg to come out since they don't like to eat out- POOR THEM FOR THIS BAD EXPERIENCE. Now they definitely won't go out for sushi ever again), and others that came before me were leaving, so I figured it wouldn't take an hour. 4) OVER AN HOUR AND A HALF LATER, he apologized and said we are next.. but they are just waiting for one of the big tables to leave (they only had three). We asked if we could be seated separately but he said the chefs can't handle another set of large orders, that's why we have to wait for a big table. Surprised, I just let it go. He then sat others that came in after us.. more than one table. WAIT doesn't 1+1=2?! HELLO THE ORDER OF TWO SMALL TABLES WOULD EQUAL TO ONE LARGE TABLE IDIOT!!!!After experiencing that, we decided it would be best to leave because if we ever got seated, it would about another two hours until we got all of our food. At that point my parents had enough and just went back home with an empty stomach (across town 40 mins away!) The rest of us decided to go up the street to Buffet Asia (our waiter was so sweet we tipped her extra and she was extra kind about that as well). At that moment I realized I rather receive great service with okay food than bad service with any food.5) That was the cheapest looking sushi place I have ever been to. Ugly wall colors and decor. Cheap cheap cheap tables and chairs.. just like what you would expect from a vietnamese restaurant, except sometimes vietnamese restaurants use table cloths!If I knew that was how it was gonna go down, I wouldn't even have tried- totally not worth the $12.50 or even if it was cheaper!!I hardly ever post on here, I know sometimes people/places have "bad days" but this was BADBADBAD that I would hate for anyone else to experience what we went though last night.
1	I was only willing to try this out because my roommate wanted sushi and Goyemon was a 1 hour wait. Honestly, I would have walked out as soon as I stepped in but my roommate and her friend wanted sushi asap. When you walk in, it feels like they bought the location from a Mexican restaurant and never changed the decor or the plating. The menus were dirty and I didnt see any asian customers inside. (I judge a good asian restaurant by how many asians are dining at their location.) I saw every ethnicity but asian! I knew I was in trouble lol. All I ordered was one California roll and it wasn't good at all. Probably the worst California roll I've ever had. Worse than the ones you buy prepackaged at the grocery store. EPIC NOM NOM FAIL!!!!!!!!!! If you like sushi, don't come here.
3	They were okay.....but now they closed down
4	I am in love with this place!!!!! Such a wide selection and great sushi!
5	I miss this place does anyone know where the sushi chefs went?
