3	This cutie pie cottage restaurant serves up high quality lunch fare at a reasonable price.  It's a great soup, salad, sandwich kind of place for ladies who lunch.... there's the rub.  The place is tiny and the wait is ridiculous, even if you try to beat the crowd by going early. And the veggie sandwich isn't very good.  But other things on the menu are.  If you do have 2 hours for lunch and come here, be sure to get a cookie.  The cookies alone are worth the wait.
4	Been here a few times, but most recently the other day.  Taking Mona's suggestion - I had the andouille sausage linguine and it was decent.  My friend had the flank steak that I wish I had ordered.  It was cooked to perfection and rested in a blackberry mole reduction.  On previous visits, I've had the atlantic salmon and vegetable lasagna - both great choices.  The service is usually good, except this time I felt the server was either overly attentive - borderline rushing us....but it wasn't a big deal.  The environs are terrific - white tablecloths with kitschy cute 1940s classroom chairs.  Weird touch, but retro cool.  A recommended central Phoenix favorite.UPDATE - 1/25/07The hostess was very gracious and accommodating checking on us every so often as we had drinks and waited for our table.  The owner came out and chatted with us after the meal to make sure everything we great, and even went back to the chef to clarify ingredients for me, plus added a little back story on the halibut sandwich w / german potato salad.  Definitely a friendly, homey atmosphere.  Loved it.
4	Located on the east side of 7th St. just south of Thomas.  Another homey little cottage with hardwood floors.  Consistently good food at moderate prices keeps this place busy the only days of the week they're open for dinner, Thursday, Friday, and Saturday.  They have a strict reservations policy now, due to increased popularity in a small space.  They feature things like Lasagna, Pork chops, Stew - comfort food with a kick, and they do it well.  Close to downtown, makes it a great spot to be before an evenings event.  If you notify your wait staff right off, they do a good job of getting you on your way on time.
5	Just went here last night for the first time after a visit to the museum, and it was everything I had heard and more - i was not disappointed.beautiful historic home turned upscale-casual restaurant, in the style of Coup de Tartes or House of Tricks. It was relatively busy, but we were sat right away.Mom had the BBQ chicken, BF had pork tenderloin (I'm not a pork fan usually, but this was melt in your mouth delicious and not overly salty at all) and i had the meatloaf entree (not sandwich, as advised by the young and very pleasant server).we were all very pleased with our orders and service was prompt, professional and pleasant. the woman dining next to us came as a recommendation while in town from the owner and chef's cousin. she asked the server to let him know she was here so she could meet him and say hi, and after the crowd died down a bit, he did and seemed like super cool, down to earth guy.i overheard him mention his "other restaurant" so on our way out i asked him about it. he was also super friendly with me and filled me in on Circa 1900 (which I've also heard lots of good stuff about). i will be heading there on my next dining adventure.dinner entrees were priced between $15 to $25, cheapest glass of wine was $6 (not bad, the food was couturely presented and tasty).p.s. the parking lot was a nightmare... all dirt and full of HUGE pits and deep tire tracks, but wouldn;t stop me from returning
4	Cozy, cute and yes, a little claustraphobic...Coronado Cafe. Perhaps the latter adjective is my own issue, but at 5 foot  9 inches I felt REALLY tall. An adorable little home, with creaky wooden floors transformed into a comfortable cafe with approachable American fare. After navigating the dicey, sandy, lumpy parking lot I accidentally entered the kitchen door. My bad. I was redirected to another door and entered through the rear. Yikes did I  just say I entered through the rear? Anyway a lovely staff person told me to go to the front and check in. Meandering through the cafe I really did find it lovely. Very neat, old yet modern and strangely very loud. It was a booming lunch crowd on a Monday. Taking Mom and Dad out for a Mother's Day lunch. We waited a few minutes for a table and were constantly being said hello to and asked if we've been helped by a friendly, friendly staff. Shout out to the staff! The menu, while not especially inventive, seemed fresh and yummy. The soup of the day was a tortilla soup with its own stamp on it. No tortilla strips atop the cup, yet and especially flavorful soup, creamy with a twinge of tanginess to it. Mom and I both had the turkey sandwich with cranberrry sauce. HUGE mother of a sandwich. I always wonder about the big sandwich because you cannot possible bite into it without making a mess. Not a strike against them, cuz it was very good, bread was fresh and turkey seemed unprocessed. Dad ordered the ham and cheese, but stripped away all the interesting flavors, because, well, because he's a dad and likes the meat and potato type menu. Dessert was a wonderful and decedent brownie with ice cream, chocolate and caramel sauces. Very good. Brownie was more like a cake though. Again, no complaint, cuz it was dee-lish. Service was so great I have to say. Friendly, professional and fun. I like the idea of eating in an old house. The contrast of old Phoenix with striking photography of modern New York strewn about the rooms was quite cool. I recommend a visit. I'm craving the tortilla soup and would love to try other items on the menu. Most importantly it was a wonderful way to hang with mom and dad (who ventured in from Sun City in their mini van, navigating the Central Ave. mess, God Bless 'em) and we truly had a good experience. Coronado Cafe. Cute. Cozy. Comfortable. And in the end, not so claustraphobic.
4	We went for an early dinner on Saturday, and loved it. Service was top notch, atmosphere was comfortable and quaint, without being cute. The food was delicious and well executed. Since it was happy hour, the drinks were $2 off too.We started with the indecision bruscetta. It's a plate of two each of their three varieties. I tried the goat cheese and the gorgonzola ones. Both were quite tasty, and a perfect start to the meal. Though the pine nuts kept falling off of the gorgonzola one. I also have a glass of a lovely Chilean cab.I ordered the halibut tacos. I had been craving a grilled fish taco, and was stoked they had them on the menu. The halibut was tasty and delicate, topped with an almost too mild chipotle slaw, nestled in grilled flour tortillas. I felt it needed a little something, so I added a squeeze of lime, and a touch of salt.For dessert, I had the creme brulee. The texture was the perfect combination of creamy and firm, and it was swimming with the tiny grains of vanilla bean.Dinner was also reasonably priced. For a party of five, our bill was about $150 for one app, one salad, five entrees, one wine, three cocktails, and two desserts.I would go back in a heatbeat.
5	This is definitely one of my favorite restaurants in Phoenix. Their appetizers are great, their entrees are great, and their chocolate chip cookies are to DIE for.Yes it is a small place, but we call that atmosphere!
4	My husband and I met some friends at Coronado Cafe today for lunch before venturing to the Heard Museum. I'd driven by Coronado quite a few times on my way to Lisa G's for lunch and had been wanting to try it, and boy am I glad we finally did! It was a great lunch place...quite a nice selection of salads and sandwiches.  Plus, any place that has $5 glasses of wine is A-OK in my book. I ordered the half chicken caesar sandwich and a small field salad...both were delicious...my half sandwich was huge, so I was glad I hadn't ordered the full one.  The chicken was nice and moist and the caesar dressing had a hint of spice, which was a nice surprise.  My husband ordered a burger and thought it was delicious...he said it's the best burger he has had in quite a while.  It was a tad small inside, but it was a cute and charming restaurant, so I barely noticed how close we were to the tables next to us.  I'm definitely telling my co-workers about Coronado, so we can add it to our lunch rotation. Coronado Cafe is 10 times better than Lisa G's (a place one of my co-workers insists on going frequently), which is right down the street.The brunch menu looks quite good, so I'm going to drag my husband back on a Saturday morning sometime to try it out.
4	I got my first visit to the Coronado Cafe last night, and loved it.  I can see how it could be a bit claustrophia-enducing when it's a little more crowded, but luckily we had a little room to ourselves.  I really adored everything about the look and feel of the place.They had a good sized wine list, and a few girly drinks.  I was torn between 2 wines, and asked the waiter if he had a preference.  I'm pretty sure he made up an answer on the spot, but I give him points for pulling it off smoothly.   Seeing as how I just was incapable of making a decision and just wanted him to act as my coin toss, I was perfectly happy to choose the one he selected, and it was very, very yum.I had the most delicious salmon, although I can't quite remember how it was prepared.  I only know that I wanted to eat it forever.  My date had a steak that he said was very good as well (yelp it yourself, mister!)We didn't have dessert... I would have loved to because they looked amazing, but I was stuffed to the gills already.  I actually have the feeling that it would be a really ideal place to just order dessert and wine/coffee, and linger until they hate you, and I will try that soon.
5	Beautiful Historic Home from the inside and out!  Their Tuna Salad Is by far the best Tuna I've ever had.  Elegant with their white tablecloths and impressive decor, yet jeans are very appropriate.  Cant wait to go back when its raining to sit by a window!
4	Ive been to this place only twice but both times Ive sat outside cause the inside can get too cramped sometimes. However, dont let that push you away. The food is excellent and the service is quite nice. I enjoyed the atmosphere and the nice settings it brings. 4 out of 5 for the wait sometimes.
4	The place is really nice, my tenderloin was small but really good.  I liked it, you would to (if you like really nice kinda fancy places)... But I don't know ... I guess it's the kind of place that married men take their girlfriends.  Or the place you take your wife (the one you still like) the day after her Mom died.  Or in my case ... if you just want to feel like the second youngest person in the room (my date Jacqui J won first place, hands down).Nothing is wrong with this place, it's just ... well it's not bar food and there was no jukebox with Johnny Cash in it.  Not only that, when I asked for a can of Blatz they looked at my like I was an alien.  And not a spork in the house!  And get this, they took cloth and made it into napkins!  Weird stuff!But seriously  ... the place is cozy (almost to much) ... the food is in small portions (at least mine was) and kinda pricy.  It was just what I expected.  No more, no less.  A solid 4 no doubt.  And any restaurant that tries to make a go of it on 7th Freeway/Street ... God Bless 'em!
4	Agree with all the great reviews, had to throw in my 4 stars and word of warning -I came here for lunch and ordered the half sandwich/cup o soup combo.  The chicken soup was bland and had a lot of corn in it which I've never seen before.  The roasted veggie sandwich was a lot of bread and not a lot of roasted veggies (should have read Sarah's review. . .doh!)But everything else that everyone in the place was having looked amazing - burger, chicken caesar sandwich, chicken soft tacos, salads. . .my lunch mates were more than happy with their orders.  I happened to pick the two underwhelming items.  Poop.
4	I heart neighborhood cafes. Thus, before i went I liked it. We tried to go a couple of times and couldn't get in without a crazy wait. Finally, around Vday I made a reservation and we went (although when we went they didn't have our reservation written down...but they made it work). Our waitor was really nice and just the right level of attentiveness. The food was really good (but not anything unique or out of this world). But quality nonetheless. The menu was a little limited. But typical bougie-cafe selections with a couple twists. Wine was good. A little pricey. But I also kind of feel like if I can walk to the place, it's locally owned, and it's a reused space (i.e. an old home)...I can spend a little more.
5	There are plenty of reviews to demonstrate the fortitude and cache of Coronado Cafe, so I will simply say that this is a sweet little spot for a lunch date. My girlfriend and I had our second date here as one of those safe, sans alcohol, 'is this the one?' dates, which came off perfectly and pleasantly and I looked like the f'in man for suggesting it.  Sucker.  Just kidding.  I love you baby.  Heh.
4	Love this place. Quaint.  Nice owners.  The meatloaf is fantastic.  Reminds me a little of home in Mn.  .. . old house.
4	Perfectly complimenting their slightly funky, slightly hip 'historic' Phoenix neighborhood, Coronado Cafe is the place to go for comfort food with a modern twist, with an easy laid back ambiance.Coronado's quaintness offers comfort like a proverbial pair of old slippers.  The service here is always spot on, even during the busy lunch rush.  I am impressed that each service experience at Coronado is a friendly smiling face.  I always leave feeling that not only are the coolest Phoenicians (diverse, individualistic, interesting, intelligent, versus Scottsdale snobbisms) at Coronado, the wait staff is a reflection, or vice versa, of the clients.I tend to often go back to the meatloaf.  I would offer that although perhaps a tad on the salty side, a wonderful, flavorful staple, presented on top of perfectly prepared smashed potatoes.   Who said there is not heaven on earth?
4	I come to this place almost every Monday for their unique Chef Special (off menu).  So far I have not been disappointed.BTW, who can say no to Coronado Cafe's Chicken Chowder Soup?And make sure you leave some room for dessert.  if you're on a diet then please disregard this last note.  :)
4	I went here recently with my mom for lunch. We had driven past it numerous times and finally bit the bullet and stopped. It is a perfect spot for a downtown lunch. Cute, quaint, and quick service. Both my mother and I had the soup and 1/2 sandwich and while I wish there was more flavor in the soup, the sandwich was good and tasty. We topped off our lunch with a warm chocolate chip cookie- which was the highlight of my afternoon. If anything I will need to go back for a cookie, or two.
4	used this as a dinner spot before heading to the symphony for a little opera and it was a perfect fit. we ate early enough to miss the crowd, place is a little cramped as noted in other reviews.my gal and I are both vegetarians(most of the time, unless there is good eggs benedict) so we got the two veggie entrees - Roasted Vegetable and Chevre Rellenos, shallot polenta, tomato reduction 13.5Penne Pasta, green chile cream sauce, toasted pine nuts, parmesan 13.Both were friggin delish and wonderful and tasty and great and really really good.service was slightly confused with who was working what area but other than that it was fast and accurate.if you want to be romantic this is a great spot. watch out for the crowds and try to get a reservation. they wont do reservations after 6pm cause its their busy time.
2	Nice little joint, nice little waiter, nice little waitress If only this were what we eat out for it would be a five star review.But we do have to consider the food do we not?Tomato soup with basil, good flavour but to course in texture.Meat loaf with mashed potato and mushroom gravy, Sounded good, was not good. I suspect the gravy was not made with a roux for thickening, but corn startch. It had the look and taste of a liquid clear plastic. If the potatos were real they found a batch that did a good job of playing the part of a boxed flake. The meat loaf had no discerning quality at all, so who knows if it was meat or tofu.The iced tea was in a nice slender glass, but the flavour was of a nice tinted water. The cookie was very flavourful with a good amount of chips inside. So to say I enjoyed the food would be an untruth. Yes I will go back to try something else, just nothing with a sauce or gravy on it. I forgot I also got a side of beans. Again a very odd consistancy for the sauce in which they sat. Much too sugary with no other flavour.
4	Coronado Cafe has character!  What a nice change from the strip mall restaurants that make up most of the Valley.  It's a cute little house, friendly enough staff, and pleasant menu as well.I've been twice so far and was pleased both times.  Once, awhile back, for dinner - Jared and I sat outside (it was obviously not the summer) and had a delightful little date... If I recall, we had one of their homemade soups and a fish special of the day.  Most recently, I met Katie F there for a perfect girlfriend/business lunch.  We met on a Thursday at noon.  I actually arrived a bit early but they will not seat you unless the full party is there.  Not a problem, I had a refreshing raspberry iced tea while i waited.  We were seated promptly when Katie arrived - in a back room that was quiet enough to talk and actually hear each other!  Katie went with the chicken pasta and I opted for the Cobb Salad (I was told it is the newest addition to the menu).  We were both happy with our meals and practically cleaned our plates.  The dressing for the Cobb has a kick; be forewarned, but I enjoyed it.  We didn't leave room for dessert, but the menu was tempting.  Thanks Coronado Cafe for bringing some character to the Valley - I'll be back to see you soon!
4	There's not really much you can do with all those exquisite little bungalows that line 7th Street. You certainly couldn't live in them anymore, not with all that traffic whizzing by while you're trying to quaff your morning cup or grill up roast beast out back. So, it's a good thing that somebody is converting them into cool little businesses! Like Coronado Cafe...We've eaten here several times and not had a bad meal yet. [of course, we only go there for lunch but I can't imagine that dinner would be any different, but who am I to know? I just told off this little snot-nosed kid the other day that if his Granny swears that the sun comes up in the morning, verify it!!! like a good journalist would that is...]But I digress: the food is fab, the ambience even more so [who wants to eat in a garage or a boring old steel box when you can have your lunch on an old sleeping porch??] and the cookies--ah, the cookies. Those delectable confections of chocolate-chipitude. OMG they're soooo good!!!I'll have to go to dinner there so I can write another review and hold true to my journalistic principles.
4	Lucky for me this place is right around the corner from the office. I can taste the tuna salad salad as I'm typing this... the poppy seed dressing is SO good. They also have great sandwiches and what not. I've never been for dinner or their brunch though. It's on the smallish side as it's located inside what used to be a home. That would be my only complaint. It's hard to get a small group of friends in there. I've always had good service and even though it tends to be a popular spot I've never had to wait more than 10 min which is great when you have a limited lunch hour.
2	My husband and I branched out to a new restaurant this weekend (Coronado Cafe in Phoenix) - our experience is why we don't like to branch out to new restaurants.  For starters, the host sat us and said "we have a party coming in at 7pm; do you think you will be done by then?"  After that warm welcome we found our water glasses had lipstick on them (both of the glasses).  We ordered the bruschetta (pretty good); my husband had the bacon/cheese burger and I had the meatloaf sandwich.  Burger was good, sandwich was very mediocre.  For the money and the food, we probably wouldn't go back.  The inside of the restaurant was very charming but that is about the extent of what impressed us.
2	I just moved into a new place, and Coronado Cafe is right around the corner. The menu looks great, the wine list is well-rounded, and the opportunity to stumble home after several glasses of vino gave this place major points before I'd stepped in the door. I WANTED to like it, but I'm not sure that I'll go back.My fiancee and I were seated by a friendly hostess at a small table in a cozy room at the back of the restaurant (house). It had the opportunity to be intimate, but it was over-lit, and we felt awkward hearing every word of our neighbors' conversation. We started with the Brie and Lavash, which was wonderful. All of the flavors melded together perfectly. Around the same time we ordered a bottle of wine. Our waiter poured us a glass, and that was the last time he touched our bottle for the rest of the night.For entrees I got the penne pasta in a green chile cream sauce (rich and tasty--one of the few vegetarian entree options), and the fiancee went with the pork tenderloin (dry and chewy). The portion that he was served was the end of the tenderloin--a piece that rarely makes it onto the plate as an entree because it is notorious for being tough and dry. Our server never came back to check on our food, so we didn't have a chance to make it right. To sum it up: a snotty, inattentive waiter and hit or miss food. It might be best to go for an appetizer and bottle of wine. Just be prepared to pour it yourself.
4	The Coronado Cafe seems to be real hit or miss based on the reviews below.  I can understand some of the points on the misses, but for me, it was a hit.PHX seems to be populated with several of these former houses turned restaurants/bars.  I'm a fan of their eclecticism.  It makes for a fun, intimate setting more often than not.  My dinner was tasty and cooked to perfection - no qualms there. But the wait staff was super meh.  I'm not a regular at semi-upscale places, but when I am, I certainly shouldn't have to pour my own wine.  It just seems declasse. And while we were the last two people in the place on a Thursday night, there was some definite tension in the room to get us to leave.  I don't know how long we were there after they technically closed, but it was a tad awkward.So factoring in my experience with the rest of the reviews, Coronado sounds hit or miss.  But if you manage to get the right chef and right waiter combo, it could approach a five star experience. Who doesn't like a little gambling?
5	I must say, when moving to Phoenix a year ago, I was disappointed with the restaurants around the city.  I had tried all these places that were supposed to be just amazing but was always left wanting more.  The Coronado Cafe filled my expectations more than I had expected.  It was one of the first places I had heard about when I moved here a year ago, but never got around to trying it until recently.  I was pleasantly surprised with the food and thrilled with the atmosphere.  Little houses converted into restaurants have a certain charm about them that big corporate restaurants will never be able to create.  The food was fresh and tasty but not overly fancy.  They offer a nice, inexpensive lunch menu and a more upscale dinner menu.  The service was unique meaning I did not feel like I had my own personal server slave for the time I was there.  I felt like he was somewhat stand offish, but we always had refills, etc. when we needed them.  In all honesty, it was nice to not be interrupted a million times by some disgruntled robot of a server who clearly hates their job.  So even though the service was not the typical upscale service, it was still good; it just had its own flavor.
4	I remember this place being good the few times I went there. I had a chicken salad sandwich one time that was awesome. I miss it.
3	The food was decent (not outstanding) and the atmosphere was excellent as this is such a nice restaurant setting. We enjoyed really friendly service and great cocktails at the bar but that service didn't move  with us to our table. Our server was off-hand and seemed permanently distracted (the place was not that busy) and made me repeat just about every word I said to him. OK so I'm British (lived in the US for 10 years) and so I try to speak slowly but this guy was just priceless, funny the first time he doesn't hear me, excusable the second time but by the third and fourth time, well I was done with him by then.This would have been a 4 star review but the seriously unimpressive table service puts me off coming back.
5	I stopped by after visiting my mom in the hospital. It was cold and raining, and I needed comfort food. I knew I had heard of this place but could not recall any reviews specifically. As I walked in from the parking area, I laughed and wondered if the side entrance was actually the front door? THAT is how it was back in Michigan, only salesmen used the front. I walked in and was greeted by the guy behind the bar. Then greeted by a waiter. They seemed really nice and inviting but the vibe was way off from what I expected. There was no old lady to greet me or ask how my day was. It was a beautiful decor sort of modern and not a cafe at all. I still loved it though. I ordered the sliders which really should not be called sliders. They were the best mini burgers I have ever had and I love a burger. They were 1/2 inch thick, with caramelized  onion and some fancy blue cheese. They were served with mac n cheese too. I will be back to try the regular burger but if you go for happy hour the sliders are only 7 bucks or so.
5	I love the Coronado Cafe.  They offer fresh ingredients and a seasonal menu.  The service is phenomenal.  I was but a lonely two top in a sea of large parties, but was paid attention to nonetheless.  My buddy and I made many substitutions and our order came out perfectly; our check was below forty dollars, cocktails included.  I wish I lived closer by because I'd be there every Saturday when I wake up in dire need of eggs and cocktails.
5	In a pinch, I had to find a place for lunch that was downtown, not overly expensive, and served both delicious soup and salad. A coworker suggested the Coronado Cafe, so I looked up the menu and happily discovered that it more than met my criteria. For lunch, I had half of the Turkey sandwich and a small Coronado Gorgonzola salad. YUMMMM!!! The Turkey sandwich has a sort of cranberry relish instead of mayo (much healthier and much more delicious), and the Gorgonzola salad had apple slices and candied walnuts. It was the exact meal I was in the mood for. The restaurant itself is almost too cute for it's own good. It's small, cozy and the absolute polar opposite of any chain restaurant. The service was great, and my food arrived quickly. I can't wait to eat here again!
4	Unique setting, great food, fast, fresh carry-out as well.FOODI've dined in twice and have had numerous meals to-go from here.The food has always been fresh and delicious. You can tell the ingredients used are freshest.  The burgers are hearty and sandwiches could almost be 2 meals for me- I'm small, though, so I don't eat a lot in one sitting...Nice wine/drink list and yummy desserts too. ATMOSPHEREThe Cafe is a brick home turned restaraunt. Very nice location for brunch or a date night and great for a casual lunch as well. SInce it was once a home, the seats are kind of close to one another- but still a nice setting.OTHERThe Cafe is very accomodating to special diets. They also have accomodated me last-minute (not my fault) for to-go meal for 10+ people, with a smile on their faces.
5	This is what I love about Phoenix, you find these little treasures where you expect them the least!Loved everything about the place. We had a team dinner in one of the rooms and it really felt like we were having dinner in someone's dining room. Super cute atmosphere, loved the pictures from all over Europe. I has the vegetarian rellenos (sp?) and my mouth is still watering just thinking about it. We also had the only malbec they have by the bottle and it was delicious!!
4	Cozy. Charming. Comfortable. The three words that spring to mind when I think of our experience at Coronado Cafe last night.We were a party of four, which is probably close to the largest party I would like to have there due to the intimacy of the space. The converted house is quaint and elegant, but doesn't feel pretentious or fancy. The food was excellent, and the service was (mostly) good. The only dock comes from having to repeatedly ask to fill our tiny water glasses. I had the vegetable rellenos with added flank steak, and my first thought when I took a bite was "Oooh, I'm already looking forward to leftovers tomorrow for lunch!" and then I proceeded to eat the entire thing. Darn.I can't speak for my fellow diners, but everyone else's meals looked fabulous.I had creme brulee for dessert, which was not the best I've ever had. The other desserts on the table, brownie sundae and caribbean bread pudding, looked divine.This is a gem among the gems of 7th street, and I will definitely go again.
2	What can I say....all of the 2 star reviews below me were unfortunatly true.  We were able to get in without a reservation, (did not realize it was so tiny ahead of time....) atmosphere was awesome.  Food was okay, girly drinks knocked our socks off.  Pricey.  And finally, food poisoning.  Yes my friend, end of story.    Cute enough to check out yourself.  Dont go if burning $50 would be a horriable loss to your bank account.
5	Coronado Cafe is great! Excellent Happy Hour deals, great food, great drinks, great atmosphere. This is one of those places where the staff enjoy being there and it shows in the service they provide, the food is wonderful, and you can actually sit and relax for a meal. It is very small and intimate place. If you bring a group you should know they do not split checks.
4	Such a gem of a place in the heart of town. We were looking for a place to go to for a celebration dinner and while driving down 7th Street we chanced upon Coronado Cafe. The cottage feel about the restaurant appealed to me immensely. And to add to the appeal was the 'limited' menu. They took ages to prepare our order but the wait was well worth it. The bourbon and cherry BBQ chicken was oh so delicious! My husband ordered the roasted pork tenderloin, it was a little too rare for his liking but he voraciously devoured it nevertheless. I must admit that it was a little difficult to read the dinner menu because the only thing illuminating it was candlelight. Our only disappointment was that we never got to taste the creme brulee because they had already sold the last one when we ordered it. We have been on the look out for good creme brulee in Phoenix and we will ask Coronado Cafe to reserve one for us the next time we drive down to Central Phoenix.
5	I was there last night, two words - CHOCOLATE CAKE! Try it. The cream cheese frosting was an awesome touch with the wonderfully moist cake.
4	We came into Coronado for brunch/lunch around 1pm on a Sunday.  It was fairly empty and we were seated right away by a very friendly server.  Their menu looked delicious, especially the sandwiches, but since I had just survived both Pizzeria AND Pane Bianco, I made an educated decision to cut the carbs/dairy for a minute.  My friend and I split the Crabby Benedict (eggs benny with crab and avocado on a slice of foccacia)  and the Chicken Salad (chicken salad atop mixed greens, that is).  OK, so the crabby isn't technically void of carbs/dairy, but whatevs...it was a small enough portion.   I really, really loved the crabby - it was a perfect mix of flavors and textures - very nicely done.  The chicken salad I was not crazy about, however.  I think it had a little too much cilantro and another seasoning (couldn't detect exactly what) for my taste.  But it was definitely quality white-meat chicken - and they gave you a large portion of it - for only $9, so you gotta give props to that.  I pay up to $14 for salads in San Diego and they are basically a bag of romaine lettuce with a 0.5 ounce piece of chicken.  The cafe itself is in an old craftsman home with lots of charm...very cute!
3	This place was cute and clean and had nice personality, but when it came to the food it was very ordinary. These are dishes you can throw together yourself if you wanted. Nothing spectacular at all, I wouldn't come back to this place.
2	I really wanted to like Coronado Cafe. I'd heard great things and it's the type of place that is typically right up my alley, so I was very disappointed with my recent experience. It's adorable - I'll give it that, but it was absolutely dead and such a buzz kill. We did a double date last Friday night and when we arrived at 8pm we were one of TWO tables in the entire restaurant. The wait staff was standing around with nothing to do and when the other table finished we were the ONLY table in the place so they started breaking down -- blowing out candles, picking up the tablecloths and literally turning lights off around us. They made it very uncomfortable and the antithesis of everything this charming, quaint, place should feel like.  The food was OK - two people in our group had the burger (decent - trying to hard with a weird mix of ingredients), pizza (undercooked, heavy and gross) and the meatloaf (the best of the bunch but still just okay). They were also very misleading with their sides and salads. After being rushed out of the place so they could close down and get home we went to another local bar and realized we weren't offered the 8pm-10pm Happy Hour discount on our drinks or appetizers. Should we have to ask? It's printed on the menu and assumed it would be automatically applied to our bill - which was much too expensive for what we had.Overall, a pretty uncomfortable and disappointing experience.
4	Had dinner at the Coronado Cafe on Jan. 16th before heading over to the Dodge Theatre for the Kathy Griffin show.  Wanted to allow sufficient time so we arrived at 6:00, but as we pulled into the parking lot we weren't sure the place was open.  Hmmm....only one other car in the lot on a Saturday?  Are they open, are we too early?  What's up? Yes, they were open but only one other occupied table at that moment.  Were seated in the far back dining room, very cozy.  Oh and by the time we left (an hour later) the place had filled up with most tables occupied.Let's get to the food - had the crabcake appetizer which was yummy, two small (very small) portions.  Which it had been bigger!  Loved the sauce and corn relish stuff on top.  I opted for the white meat pasta bolognese while my dining companion (my lovely daughter) decided on the meatloaf.  Both our portions were more than sufficient and both dishes were great.  Would not hesitate to order either again.  We opted to pass on dessert, but decided we would definitely return to the Coronado and bring our significant others with us.
3	Great little cafe in central Phoenix. Great food and adorable location! Better for lunch than dinner I think.
5	This place is yummy, cute and very comfortable...been on a date, with parents, with my friends and for special events.  You can't go wrong here - and I don't want it to be overlooked!  Go try it!
4	We had brunch here last weekend... what a great selection on the menu.  Nice breakfast items, salads and sandwiches.  We were seated right away, they seemed a little under staffed (forgot my orange juice and condiments), but incredibly friendly so it made up for it.
2	My boyfriend and I went there last night, and I've been there for brunch before as well. It's down the street from my house, so I WANT it to be good because it's so cute and cozy, but I've never had anything I've actually liked there.I got the burger, which was decent, but it had this kind of garlic cheese spread on it, and when you're eating it on porous ciabatta bread, it has a tendency to leak out the holes in the bread all over your hands. My boyfriend got one of the pizzas, which was burnt on the edges like it had been cooked too long. We also weren't filled with confidence when 100% of the time we've passed by, the cook has been outside on his phone smoking a cigarette. Maybe my boyfriend's food was overcooked because he had to take a very important call.When I went for brunch, I had the crab eggs benedict, and it was pretty flavorless. For what I'm paying there, I'd like to actually enjoy my food, but I was so underwhelmed, and since it's always been dead in there and it's got wood floors, everything you say echoes, which can be awkward.One more thing: when you look at the menu online, the "lunch and dinner menu" is the lunch menu. The entrees and the prices change when you actually eat dinner there. I would have saved money and been better fed by going next door to America's Taco Shop.
4	My wife and I ate lunch here yesterday, 03/17, before our trip over to PHX Art Museum. We shared the Nachos to start, very good. I had the chicken salad and she tried the Chicken with a side of baked beans. My chicken was spiced perfect and I loved mix. We wife not a big fan of leaving her comfort zone, enjoyed trying something new. I tried a bite and too enjoyed the sandwhich and beans. The atmosphere was excellent and the only draw back was the wait staff seemed a little discombobulated. All and all a great time and great meal.
3	We stopped here from California on our way to Flagstaff based on recommendation from a friend.  Eating outside on the Patio was a nice especially since it was such a beautiful day :)Sadly, this place would have gotten a 4 stars from me if it wasn't for my sister's Tuna Salad (rotten tomatoes and cucumbers with unwashed wilted lettuce) so sent back and she lost her appetite :(However, my Crabby Benedict, hubby's Blue Burger were delicious and highly recommended!!!  My brother in law had the Veggie Scramble which looked simple but he did enjoy the multigrain toast that came with it.
3	So our office tried something different for lunch than our more frequented 'renovated home" type restaurants that we usually go to in downtown Phoenix. Because this is close to a place we usually go "That's a Wrap" we decided we'd try this place out for take out too.  The parking lot is a bit odd because its large/loose gravel....but there seemed to be plenty of spaces so that def. a bonus!  The atmosphere was really laid back and really pleasant. Very friendly staff seemed to be everywhere, so that was nice too. My order was a take out order for about 10 people in my office. I thought for sure I'd be taking out 4 bags...but they had very economical/green packaging (paper boxes and paper wrappings) . So it was nice to only see 3 bags (once I got the food...which unfortunately took 40 mins. instead of 20 to prepare). But hey, it was busy and I had almost 10 orders...so no biggy. As far as the food, they didn't have baked beans as they state on their menus, nor did they have steak for their steak tacos. (weird...it wasn't even 12p yet and they were out of food?!) Back at the office, everyone enjoyed the food. It wasn't anything over the top nor was it 'plain'. So compliments to Coronado Cafe for that (usually some places are too froo froo for me downtown).  I had gotten the portobello sandwich w/ potato salad. The sandwich was very yummy. It  had onions, cheese and other ingredients and was on focaccia bread which added just the right amt. of flavor to the sandwich. Although the food is good, I do wish the food wasn't as expensive as it was. (For I know the 1/2 sand. and 1/2 salad combo, that others ordered from the office,  really wasn't that big of a portion). All in all...nice little place with good food. Try it out!
5	i love this cafe everything on the menu is super delicious... the bar is awesome wish there was a tid bit of more room here ... i had such an amazing expirience i will deffntly suggest this too everyone it is a must... the staff especially is amazing  and in uniform as well always  oh so busy even at the latest hour   the cookies are great and the whle theme is aswell.. go for urself an expirience some great u deserve
4	I was lucky enough to stop in here for a quick dinner over the weekend. Can a dinner be quick and romantic? Yes it can.We were early, so the place was pretty empty. Having the room to yourself? Romantic +1 The Coronado is in a great old Craftsman style building, with separate rooms full of beautiful wooden fixtures and great old built-ins. Even the bright, pedestrian art contributed to the cozy, yet polished vibe.We started off with drinks from the cocktail menu. My date had some sort of gin and lemonade that was delicious. My "Enter the Dragon"? A bit too cough syrupy, but that was completely my fault for ordering something with "raspberry vodka" and expecting any different. Both were strong.The crusty, chewy bread came with a quality olive oil and fruity balsamic for dipping. We inhaled the first plate, and got seconds when dinner arrived.I ordered the Filipino-style beef salad, which was FULL of melt-in-your-mouth thinly sliced ribeye, and my date got the goat cheese relleno with creamy polenta.That chef has got it goin on! The grilled veggies in the relleno were not mushy, and the polenta wasn't grainy. My ribeye had crispy edges but rare centers and there was a perfect balance of dressing to greens. Our server was attentive and efficient without being all up in our business and the prices seemed reasonable for the quality.Thank you, Coronado. I will be back.
4	Coronado Cafe is a fun little restaurant off of 7th, just north of the 10, tucked away across the street from a Cocos of all things. Do yourself a favor and duck into Coronado instead.They have some fantastic appetizers, including this great brie & lavash dish and some fantastic salads with great dressing.I've had their half-pound angus burger a few times and it's delicious. It's an $11 burger for lunch, and they offer a $14 version of it with some better ingredients for dinner, but it is perfectly cooked and dripping with flavor. And then there's the Cookie. The Cookie need be described with a capital C because of its potential to destroy worlds and move mountains. The Cookie is a mound of dough, cooked through with just a bit of softness to the very center, drizzled in chocolate and absolutely amazing. Even though I had been here TWICE before, I completely forgot how substantial each Cookie was, and encouraged the two ladies I was with to join me in ordering a Cookie. One for each of us.This was a mistake of the best form, as the three of us barely dented one, and we ended up bringing them home. They're fantastic and gooey and crazy and totally well-priced. (Under $5, if memory serves.)Coronado is pretty tiny, so you're going to want to make sure you call ahead. They have a cute little patio that does its best to shield you from 7th, but it's too damn hot out even with the misters to do anything but inside.The location is a bit odd to me, but the food is good and whenever I'm in the neighborhood, I'm happy to duck in. The service was friendly and our waitress was accommodating and took care of things in short order for us. Overall, a fun time every time I've been.
3	I decided I would like all my dining to be done at the bar of old renovated homes in downtown Phoenix.  Lucky me, I found Coronado Cafe.We stopped in for lunch so I did not order as much food as I normally like to when trying out a new restaurant ( it was a work day ).  Unfortunately, I will only be reviewing on item.  I'll make it up to you; I promise.We went during lunch and there was a wait for a table for two, so we sat at the bar.  The place is pretty small.  The bar was big enough for four people, five tops.  There was a nice selection of spirits and wine that I could see but not drink.  I ordered the roasted chicken sandwich and chose the potato salad over the baked beans.  It was deliciously moist and the chiles had the right amount of heat.  The potato salad was very tasty satisfying side.It was a simple, satisfying lunch.  I would like to come back another time when they aren't as busy.  It was hard to get a server/bartender's attention and there's some cozy seating outside that's too hot to use at lunch in August.
4	We actually found this place by accident. Their $3 mimosa & bloody mary sign lured us in, and I'm glad it did. We almost turned around when we noticed that we were the only car in the parking lot, we have learned in the past that there is generally a good reason no one else is eating at a place and its best to skip it, but the cute little historic house was just too inviting. We decided to take our chances and it paid off with a couple of perfect bloody marys for me ( extra spicy please) and some bubbly delicious mimosas for my hubby. We split the eggs benedict with chorizo and green chillies because we weren't all that hungry. It was great the chorizo wasn't all greasy and the flavors were really good. And the side of fruit it came with wasn't slimy! The freshly balled melon and grapes were crisp and sweet. The prices were really good and the staff was amazing. We will definitely be back for brunch and plan to try their lunch & dinner too.
3	My fiance and I went here around lunch time on a Saturday afternoon. We were the only patrons in the restaurant.  I had a 3 dollar mimosa, and Nick had a mixed drink on the menu with gin.  The drinks were really good.... I only wish the service had been the same because I never was asked if I wanted a second, and I was never asked if I wanted any water.  When the food arrived it was delicous.  My sandwich was tasty and the salad with goat cheese was AMAZING!  I will be going back to have the full salad. Next time we go we will go during a busier time of day, maybe the server will be on his toes, instead of gabbing to the bar tender.
5	This little cafe has turned out to be one of my favorite places to grab a bite while in Phx. My first encounter a few months ago was on a whim. I was slightly hungry and just wanted something quick and healthy before I headed off to do my next massage. Well hello Coronado Cafe. I had been wanting to try this place but just kept passing it by. It is late afternoon and I walk up to the door and it is locked. Ohh well I thought I guess they close after lunch then reopen for dinner. I start to walk away and someone opens the door. The guy explains that they are indeed closed until dinner and would open in about 30 mins or so. Well I could not wait that long or I would be late for my next appointment. He says come on in anyway. What customer service! I just had a quick salad and it was wonderful. I really appreciated the guy doing that for me. HINT TO RESTAURANT OWNERS: Customer service is key. So I went back a few days later for brunch and had the friendliest waiter...Dan. He is great. I go in pretty regularly on Saturdays for brunch and for a great meal and a little chatting with Dan.OK back to the food. My brunch consisted of the Crab Eggs Benedict, with a side of roasted potatoes and fruit salad. This is one of my FAVORITE meals ever. They get it right with the texture (big thing for me) and the flavors. They use foccacia bread instead of English muffins. The crab is lump crab meat with a few slices of avocado on top. The hollandaise sauce is creamy and light. Not too heavy. Sometimes this sauce can be made that weighs the dish down. Now I am personally taking a chance on eating eggs over easy but it is so good. I try to be aware of it but sometimes the eggs win and my tummy pays for it later :(The Farm Salad is awesome. Salty, tangy goat cheese warm and gooey coated with nuts. The strawberries add a little sweetness. YUM YUMThe Portebello sandwich is another favorite. So you vegetarians won't be disappointed here. I will say they charge $3 for iced tea. Now that is a bit much especially when you are using crappy Lipton tea. I am a tea lover and don't mind spending that kind of money on tea but it better be fresh tea leaves that I can get a few presses out of.It is a small place so you will be in close proximity to other patrons. However, I have ended up in a few nice conversations with some very nice individuals. I sometimes come early for brunch and have a whole room to myself to eat, read and chat with my waiter extraordinaire Dan.Lunch is usually packed here and the wait can be long so keep that in mind and try to go when you can have an executive lunch.All in all I love CC. It is becoming the equivalent of my neighborhood diner. (All you NY'ers know what I am talking about) The place where you come in and everyone knows you and you have great meal with some great company. I never thought I could have the neighborhood diner experience here in AZ. But Coronado Cafe does just that.
4	I have been here a couple times.  Once for Sunday brunch and then just regular lunch.  Both times we have had good service and good food.  The parking lot is pretty tiny, so you might need to park on the side street.  I really enjoyed the Roast Chicken Sandwich with provolone, applewood bacon, hatch green chiles, chipotle aioli, and served on a toasted focaccia.  HUM!
3	I really want to like the food more.  It's good but I feel like it's a bit overpriced for what you get.  Not great for large groups, you'll wait a long time.  The few times I've been there the service is harried.  The salads are dependable and good but with more and more places in the Coronado and downtown areas I'd probably go somewhere else first.  Parking is really tough on the tires also.
4	Coronado Cafe has become one of my favorite places to go for a tasty and affordable breakfast in Phoenix.   The renovated house turned cafe has a great atmosphere, which is perfect whether you are with your family, friends, or on a romantic date.   I prefer weekend brunch items (though they have changed hours lately so be sure to see if they are open first). I have ordered several things and have not been disappointed, though I will admit I have avoided the crabby benedict so no comment on that one.   Breakfast is filling, many of the items come with the rosemary potatoes and fresh fruit.  And Mimosas are $3. Sign me up!  Service is great and I look forward to going back again and exploring more of the menu.
5	I loved this place. I went alone one day while doing some house searching in downtown Phoenix. I just picked this place randomly not knowing it'd be so yummy! I ordered the salad with chicken, strawberries and panko-crusted goat cheese. It was SO delicious! I ate every bit of it. The chicken was so tender and moist...and sometimes grilled chicken can be quite dry. Not here. The portion size was more than enough for me and the service was great. It was a such a lovely day to boot. I definitely will go back.
5	I've been here twice with my girlfriends and every time I've ordered the same thing...b/c it's delicious!  The crab dip is cheesy and delicious on top of their citrus tortilla chips and the Farm Salad is worth every penny (especially with the chicken).  I am excited to bring the rest of my family to this cute little place...my favorite little place...on the corner!
4	Thank you yet again Yelp, for hooking me up with this excellent restaurant. Coronado Cafe is absolutely the definition of quaint. Built inside a humble, antiquated house, and populated with both an excellent selection of wine and beers, Coronado Cafe makes for a great spot for a surprise weekend date. Making it there just 30 minutes before close, I was a bit worried we'd miss out on the freshest food, or the best recommendations. I was wrong on both accounts. When our very friendly waiter came around, he offered the crusted rock fish as a special. Although many other items looked tantalizing on the menu, both the lady and I jumped on the opportunity. The fish came out perfect, with just the right amount of crunch, and being cooked well enough to have no questions it was done without drying it out. The rice and mashed potatoes served with it complimented it perfectly. All in all it was a wonderful experience. I am glad that Yelp has made this place accessible to people who don't live in the area!
4	Epitome of why small non chain restaurants are usually the best.Atmosphere is great (inside a historic Phoenix house).  Service is really good.  Food is unique and offers great value with super fresh ingredients.Overall, just a fun experience with great food.
5	Amazing food. Friendly owners. Wonderful outdoor patio!
4	Love this place! I was told the Blue Burger was incredible and they were right, even though everything on the menu looked good. Loved the atomsphere, in a tiny renovated house, each room decorated differently will artwork lined walls. Service excellent.
4	The cafe is a really comfortable place in a small converted house. I don't know Phoenix in the summer, but being there in the spring with the doors open it was a wonderfully airy and pleasant place to sit and eat. You'd never know there was a fairly busy street right outside. The menu all looked great and the farm salad and chicken pesto sandwich was a great combination for a warm afternoon. I found them on my last day in Phoenix, and if you're in the area, especially visiting some of the near-by museums, the cafe is a great place to head for lunch.Good food, friendly staff, casual atmosphere.
4	I'm torn between 3.5 and 4 stores, but figured I'd bump it up a bit since service was so great. I came here for a lunch date with a friend and was pleased at the adorable cottage with ample outdoor seating. All the staff was very friendly and eager to please. We ordered the goat cheese bruschetta, the crab cake open sandwich and the chicken pesto sandwich.I certainly enjoyed everything we tried but there weren't any flavors that blew me away. The goat cheese bruschetta was certainly delicious but maybe I'm spoiled with bruschetta after a few trips to Postino. I loved the outdoor patio, perfect for a warm, sunny day.All in all, I enjoyed my time at Cordonado Cafe but felt I was paying a little too much for the food I was getting. I'd love to go back during the night time to get a romantic table and bottle of wine outside.
5	5 stars for: creativity in food/taste combinations, ambiance (excellent musical choices, artwork), service. The first thing the waiter did was adjust our table (it was a little wobbly), then dim the lights out a little. He gave us his honest opinions, gave us enough space. We ate he crabcakes, the meatloaf, the rellenos and farm salad. All were delicious with unique flavor combinations. Oh...I almost forgot. It was my husband's birthday and the waiter added a little candle to this heavenly chocolate cake. Perfect evening. Highly recommend-and we are from San Francisco where we unfortunately become restaurant/taste snobs!
2	Woh hoppen -- maybe this was a fluke?   I had a hunch we were in trouble when there was only one car in the parking lot on a Friday night, and the menu was enclosed in a plastic sheet such as you'd put a composition in.   It took us 45 minutes for our sandwiches to arrive (no big deal as we weren't in a hurry), and they were just "okay."  Again, there was only one other party in the place.  Coincidentally, the next night (Saturday at 8:00 we went across the street to get pie at Coco's...and there were no  cars in the Coronado parking lot at all.   Come to think of it, I should have been suspicious when I called 4 days before Valentine's day  and they were wide open for reservations.  (We had to cancel at the last minute.)  I'm not one to bad-mouth restaurants and, believe me, we always loved the Coronado...saved it for special occastions.  Something is wrong here.
4	Reminds me of many of the restaurants in Albuquerque, NM. Old house converted into a restaurant with very cozy feel, great food and service. Really enjoyed the meatloaf - different flavor and presentation than most. I look forward to going back to try something else on the menu.
5	Coronado Cafe had been on our list for a long time and we were finally able to put a big exceptional check mark next to it!We were meandering down 7th St. trying to decide where we should eat. When the Coronado Cafe sign was with in sight, it truly was "SIGN" to eat there.What a great place to have a meal!  Everyone mentioned how intimate and cozy the inside of this restaurant was and they were correct.  The wait staff was also perfectly attentive.We ordered a margarita and sangria.  Jeannie loved her sangria and my margarita (just the plain house version) was very tasty.  We agreed that we wanted to share a few small dishes.  The crab cakes and scallops proved to be a super tasty start.  We highly recommend both!Each of us ordered a Greek salad.  It was a little too tart for me, but Jeannie enjoyed hers and helped me with mine.Finished off our shared meal with the special of the day.  It was halibut with a parsnip puree and steamed veggies.  The fish tasted very fresh and the parsnip puree was enjoyed more by me than the lovely wife.  Everything we ordered was a reflection of the cafe itself...delicately seasoned, prepared, and presented. Getting to enjoy carefully prepared food and drinks while in a perfectly simple setting was time well spent.Coronado Cafe is a must try for everyone. Enjoy it with your sweetheart or a great friend (more than 4 people to your group would seem too much...at least to us!)  I wouldn't recommend taking small kids.
5	I'm a Realtor and I had recently finished showing a Buyer Townhomes and Condos in Downtown Phoenix. I was looking for a good healthy place for lunch, and I of course pulled out my phone and turned to Yelp for their recommendations. Coronado Cafe came up as one of the highest ranked in the area and they did not disappoint.Located within a 1920's built house this charming cafe served up some of the best lunch time fare that I've had in sometime. Not only that but they have wonderful Bloody Marys that were only $3. I went with a half sandwich and side salad. My sandwich was the Pest Chicken and it was delicious as was the salad. My business partner is from Baltimore and when he heard the waiter state that they have the best crab cakes in town he naturally ordered them. He, being an expert on crab, was immediately transported back home with his first bite. After speaking with the owner we discovered that he too is from Baltimore and has the crabs flown in special for his crab cakes. So if you're a crab cake lover or simply a lover of good food Coronado Cafe is a must stop for you.
5	In the hot AZ summer going to Coronado island is a great idea, however if you can't make the commute the Coronado Cafe is a great 2nd choice.This place has everything you need for a great date.Quaint and romantic old house setting and patios.Table cloths and faux candlesMenu full of artfully presented itemsWines by the glass or bottleBackground music in lieu of background noise.We started our meal with a gargonzola salad, which they did a split plating for us. $6 The greens were fresh the cheese was bountiful and pungent the walnuts were candied and the slices of apple were crisp, what more could you want from a salad?For our main dishes we had the Cherve Rellnos $12, Two large pablano chilies stuffed with well dices zucchini other veggies and goat cheese on top of a generous pile of polenta and a roasted red pepper sauce, it was amazing.The other main was miso glazed salmon with sauted spinach and basmati rice. The fish had a nice crisp crust, the spinach had a nice flavor and the rice was well just rice, it could use a veggie in it to to spice it up.Bottles of wine start at a affordable $12The meal included bread with olive oil.Bottom line great romantic place for dinner or lunch.
5	Being from Baltimore, Maryland, I couldn't help but notice a sign out front of Coronado Cafe claiming host to "Phoenix's best crab cakes"... I was quite skeptical at first... mainly due to the fact that my experience with crab cakes in Phoenix has involved too much filler and low quality crab meat. But after reading some pretty good reviews on Yelp, I knew I just had to find out for myself! After biting the bullet on the $24 price tag for the crab cake dinner I was presented with a plate of pure heaven on earth. Two 2oz crab cakes made from 100% JUMBO lump Maryland Blue Crab drizzled lightly in a homemade remoullade, with a side of potatos and asparagus! Theses crab cakes are the real deal! Rumor is that the chef or owner or somebody there is actually from Maryland, and it shows! PEOPLE OF PHOENIX: THIS IS WHAT A CRAB CAKE SHOULD TASTE LIKE!!!
5	The food here is fantastic. The staff are very nice and helpful. I will come back as often as I can (given that I don't live in Phoenix).My sister had the Meatloaf. It is the best meatloaf I've had in as long as I can remember. Better than my mom's (and she makes a mean loaf). Complex flavors that just worked. Served with the mashed potatoes and gravy, which are great on their own, but even better when paired with the meat. I had the pesto chicken sandwich. Relatively gigantic for the price ($11) given the quality of the ingredients. I was impressed. The focaccia bread was fresh. Chicken breast perfectly cooked. Big, thick hunks of cheese can't remember what kind...whatever it was it was great). It was enough for two meals.I wish I had two stomachs so I could come here and order both meals at the same time. Planning on coming back tomorrow. You will not be disappointed.
5	Lovely little space--the cafe is an old repurposed Phoenix home with plenty of patio space.  Very quaint.The service was super friendly, and the seating areas were comfortable with enough privacy to have conversation. I enjoyed their weekend brunch with Mimosa's. Food was solid breakfast fare with medium sized portions.  Most of the dishes had a slight Mexican flare (chorizo with the eggs Benedict, corn tortillas on the side, etc). My boys got the "Miga" eggs and their exact review was: I like these eggs, they are delicious. So there you go - positive reviews from a picky 5 year old.  The adults enjoyed their meals too. I do wish their mimosa glasses were a bit larger - but that is probably just the boozer in me talking. The prices were more than fair. Overall enjoyable experience!
5	In one word: Yum!  My husband and I just ate here because we were bored with our usual places.  OMG this place blew us away.  The portions sizes were larger than expected. He loved the cafe burger and mixed green salad.  I had the veggie wrap with mac and cheese and loved that!  We will definitely go again and bring our friends!
5	I ate at this restaurant today for lunch my first time and I feel in love with the southwest wrap and the Mac and cheese. Need I say more. Love you guys.
4	Never sat on the patio before...  Love that it is November and we can sit outside and enjoy the weather!  The staff is super friendly and always aiming to please.  I ordered the Blanco Flatbread (roasted garlic cream, mozzarella, parmesan-reggiano, and added roasted chicken).  Less the onions for me on this.  It is crispy, light, and delish!  I tried a slice of the Carne Flatbread from Shane's plate.  YUM!!!  The spicy was the right amount.
5	Great atmosphere, perfect for a date night. Great food! Talked to the owner for a bit as well, great guy, very friendly and passionate about central Phoenix. Highly recommend.
4	A little house filled with delicious food, quaint seating and a cute patio. This pretty much sums of Coronado Cafe. I have been wanting to visit Coronado Cafe for quite awhile now and finally today was the day! This little house also reminds me of a little elf's cottage but in a really cute way. I like the food and atmosphere here. I tried the veggie wrap with chicken and it had a very delicious vinegar added to it. It was the perfect tough. I really wanted to try the goat cheese salad, but there is always next time!
5	This is place is a weekly trip for us as my girlfriend loves the salmon and martini's they serve here. We have been frequenting this place ever since we moved to the area versus the rare trips we would take for the awesome cream cheese chocolate cake made by Caroline or the lunch Caesar chicken sandwich. Here are my ratings of each dining point I consider when going here:Service: 5/5 Fast and very helpful, Even the chef will dig up custom stuff and cares what people think of the new entrees.Ambiance: 4/5 The place used to be a home so it's a little cramped but nice nonetheless. Not as comfy as some others like Ticoz but we like it. As it is smallin seating ranges you can't get too loud so keep the rowdy folks to the Applebees locales.Drinks: Ginger ale and the kiltlifter is nice as well as the blackwidow and black / blue martinis.recommended Food:Fish 5/5: My girl's favorites are the halibut,swordfish,miso salmon with basmati rice, she also loves the spinach and asparagus.Sandwiches: 5/5 for roast chicken with green chili, side of coleslaw or balsamic salad 4/5 chicken caesar is good but sometimes is hit and missmeatloaf: 5/5 best I have ever had, it is a beauty.Tacos: 4/5 One time I had pork tacos they were the best ones I had tasted, the next time they were ok, then the last time they were great, not sure why but still recommended.Cream cheese cake: 5/5 Made from local baker who used to do deserts for Circa 1900 but now does it for them and Urban Bean to name a few.Steak,chicken, pork: 3/5 I have tried each and every one here and while you wont be disappointed there isn't a wow factor like the meatloaf. The sauces seem to not match or compliment the specific meat in my opinion. I would love a bordelaise sauce or onions and mushrooms with the filet for example.Appetizers: ?/? I am not a fan of  the bruschetta but haven't tried the rest. I have heard the crab cakes are awesome but have yet to compare them to Fez's awesome versions.Pricing is on par with Sophie's but less than Christopher's and more that Ticoz. I am fine with it as the food I order is totally worth it.
5	We tried the Coronado Cafe last night, and it exceeded our expectations.  The ambience was lovely, service excellent, and the food was fabulous.  Their meatloaf (this is NOT your mother's meatloaf) has to be the best on the planet.  We will definitely return.
4	Delicious and fresh food at a reasonable price. The ambiance it wonderful. Very cute and comfortable atmosphere. I would recommend it to anyone looking for a new and unique place to eat.
5	We have always enjoyed this cafe for brunch but they blew us out of the park tonight with a private party we had in their patio. They let us bring our decorations, helped us move tables around, and also allowed for split checks which is usually a pain to restaurants. I was worried about the traffic on 7th street being so loud but it wasn't even an issue- the patio had such a great atmosphere with the lights and the warmers. And the food was as always- AMAZING! The owners are from Maryland and they serve the best crab cakes in town- worth the visit! You won't be disappointed in this charming restaurant with quality food and service.
5	I got the tuna sandwich on a baguette with mac and cheese on the side. The tuna was like a fancy tuna salad with herbs mixed in. The mac and cheese had yummy "crumbles". The atmosphere was cute and quaint, and the wait staff were very attentive, and the prices were fair.
5	The service was great. Love the martini. The women were so helpful. Cite place!
5	Best crab cake in town? Close second to Ruth's Chris Steakhouse--this is a fantastic little restaurant in downtown Phoenix. Love the family-owned feel.
4	I liked it.  Aside from the loud business man behind us (keep your work at work or outside please).  The building is perfect for the Coronado hood and we were greeted with a smile and friendly hello. I really enjoyed the Brie and Lavosh, very tasty.  My wife had the roasted chicken sandwich and Gorgonzola salad, I had a bite and it was delicious.  I enjoyed the Cafe burger and side salad, the burger was cooked to order and the balsamic vinaigrette was amazing.Thank you Coronado Cafe, we will be back.P.S.  Be prepared for a gravel drive, all you ladies in high heels.
5	Came here at that awkward time between breakfast and lunch, some call it "brunch". I was surprised about the class and snazz of this place - though, from being in the Phoenix area for a whopping 24 hours I hadn't quite gotten the feel of the land yet. It seems like this cafe is in a bit of a side area of town, but it was happenin' anyways. The beer selection was great - can you already tell I didn't order breakfast? My party of two got some beer, local and microbrew style. We had lots of fun looking over the martini menu, which was extensive, creative, and kind of grossed us out in certain situations, but in a good fun way. The friendly waitress came to us while we were nursing our beers to apologize for the delay of food, which my bf and I hadn't noticed. Anyways, the delay was because the cooks had to make us new, fresh beef patties. No complaints there! The burgers were to DIE for, the side salad was fresh and came with tasty dressing, and the potato salad was just right. Overall, between the atmosphere, the service, and the deliciousness of the food, I give this place the best rating it can get.
5	I love, love, love, loved this place. We stopped on a Sunday afternoon, shortly after I stepped off the plane at Sky Harbor and was, of course, starving! I got a good eggs and bacon breakfast, my husband got a burger, perfect! We had the nutella crepes for dessert and, OH MY! they were so yummy. The service was very good, and they were very accommodating to our motorcycle helmets and my backpack from traveling. I will be going back!
4	The crab cakes are delicious -- REAL crab and not a lot of filler! Not into crab? The relleno stuffed with veggies and goat cheese and served on polenta is a delicious treat! You can add chicken but it's not necessary... you get two giant peppers!
4	Everything about Coronado Cafe is charming and scrumptious.  It's my go-to place when I want to have a nice, but not fussy, lunch with a friend.  The menu has a lot of variety but not so much that it's overwhelming.  I've never been disappointed by the food.  The raspberry iced tea is delicious too! I like that they don't have any fried food, though my male friends don't so much appreciate that as they prefer fries with their burgers.  Conversations can be challenging when dining inside-- the acoustics in an old house aren't the best to begin with, and then you cram it full of people and it gets a little noisy.  If you can't tune it out, the patio is a really lovely alternative. All in all, you really can't go wrong here!
2	Having had numerous favorable experiences at Coronado Cafe in the past, we were deeply disappointed at our most recent, and regrettably probably our last visit.  The evening was off to a great start with the predictably excellent crab cakes.  While the driver scallops were equally delicious, the chimichurri-style rib-eye was barely edible.  Despite being cooked properly - medium rare - the meat had a strange after taste.  After struggling with the steak - and subsisting on two shared scallops in exchange for some steak  - not an even trade by ANY measure - we told our waiter of the disappointment, at which point he spirited away the plate.  Since I was soon to be finished with the scallops (having shared half with my dining partner with the barely edible steak).The waiter provided some explanation behind the problem with the steak when he advised that the chimichurri included vinegar and lime - two odd ingredients for a rib-eye, which accounted for the bitter after taste.The response of Coronado to apparently weigh the returned entree to determine the "discount"  was an insult as it suggested that we should have either been forced to eat alone (i.e., return the steak after the first bite) rather than enjoy our meal together.  Had they tasted the meat rather than focused on the weight perhaps they would have realized how unpleasant the meal was.As we have ample other dining options available to us on our "short" list, we will not be returning anytime soon to CoronadoBill and Bob Phoenix
2	Based on Yelp reviews, we dined at this restaurant recently on a double date. The building itself is adorable. Maybe used to be an old house? It's cozy and you feel like you will be served some home cookin' with a twist. Our appetizer of spinach artichoke dip was delicious but the meal declined after the beginning. My husband and I both ordered the chile relleno. The description looked fantastic but the polenta was bland and the chile itself (for not being heavily fried) was very greasy and left me wanting. One of our friends ordered the crab cakes which he described as fine. Toward the end of our meal, a gnat was discovered floating in a Manhattan at our table. Our server was notified, she took the drink away after asking if our friend wanted a replacement (he declined) and we waited for our check. The drink was still included on the check and the waitress seemed a bit surprised when he asked for it to be removed. I think the reason I was so disheartened about this experience was we still ended up paying about $70 for our meal (just for myself and my hubs.) Unfortunately, Coronado is not worth the food, price or overall experience.
4	The experience here was wonderful. It was a quiet and personal venue that helped me get a delicious burger and let my girlfriend enjoy a light/fresh salad. Guys- excellent dinner spot! Ladies- great flavorful food, and light on the portions.
5	Great ambiance - small, quaint, cozy feel. Great for couples. Fabulous crab dishes - loved the crab dip app and the open faced crab cake sandwich was amazing. And save room for dessert - best creme brulee in Phoenix and the bread pudding was great too. And incredibly yummy sangria! All around great experience - food, service & ambiance all get an A+.
4	Quaint little house-style decor with beautiful patio seating...and what a wonderful time of the year to sit outside and enjoy the Arizona fall temperatures. We started  with the crab dip which our Baltimore native friends agreed was very good. They also ordered the crab cakes which were about as close as they'd had to the original back east.My husband got the pasta with green chile sauce. I think he was a little disappointed it was only pasta...and sauce. I thought it would have had more kick than it did with the green chiles. He also got the New England clam chowder which blasphemously had bacon in it. Not only do we not eat meat (so we had to send it back) I'm a native New Englander and authentic clam chowder does not contain bacon. Boooo.I think I enjoyed my dish the best-the barramundi served with asparagus, rice, and topped with a tomato and carrot salsa was the evening special. There was way too much rice in the dish but the fish was cooked nicely and the salsa had a wonderful flavor. Our server was very good, and kept our water glasses filled. She forgot to bring out my friends side salad, so instead brought us a dessert to share. It was a quiet night so they let us sit at the table long after we finished. Their menu looks like they have some delicious sandwiches so it might be a nice spot to check out during lunch time.
4	i really really really like the personality of this "newly" discovered place. the evening temps allowed us to sit and enjoy on the patio. the owner? greeted us and had a conversation with our dinner companions since they both lived/worked in Maryland at one point, demonstrating to me at least, that he seemed sincerely interested in his clientele.we shared a crab dip app and i thought it was rich, creamy and delicious. but the problem with sharing an app with some folks is no one likes to take the last few bites, so i wound eating alot of it. i ordered the green chile sauce pasta, however, i was a little disappointed that there was not much green chile flavor/kick to the dish (i'm aware that not all green chile's are fiery hot). my wife's dish, the baramundi special, was much better, albeit a tad heavy on the rice. i also ordered a cup of clam chowder, but had it sent back because it had bacon in it. i don't think clam chowder has bacon in it.we were comp'd a mixed berry "cobbler" desert since a side salad that was ordered was not brought out. it was a huge desert, but rather cakey, and more like a berry shortcake than a cobbler. overall, a nice little place with a great atmosphere. excellent service and staff. many seafood options for non-meat eaters.
4	This place is great. It is set up in a little house with a really cute atmosphere. They have a great patio and a fantastic personality. I was there for lunch and had a tuna melt. It was good, but the side of mac and cheese was the best!!! I want to go back and try some of their crab cakes/crab dip (they tout their crab here as being the best around), and of course a side of mac and cheese. The seating is a bit close together and the prices are a little high, but it is great for an occasional lunch or special occasion.
5	Hands down, the best date place in central Phoenix. Sadly, I was apparently not on a date and ended up having to pay for our bill BUT in retrospect I was still so damn impressed by this place.Rumor has it that this place is owned by several male flight attendants and when they're not attending flights they are running this restaurant. Leave it to world travelers to produce a classy but quaint but sosticated but understated establishment that can truly please everyone. In true Phoenix fashion, Coronado Cafe was once a house and now stands as a Bistro Cafe. The front porch is now patio seating with cute little tables and bench style sitting all under canopy drapes and string lights. On the inside is the cutest little bar area, very small, but the older gentlemen running the place is so cute and you can tell he really know is cocktails and puts passion into crafting each one. There's also a secluded side patio that's ADORABLE.We ate inside the dining room because the rain (rain, I know... in Phoenix?) started coming down and the wait staff was so attentive and helped us relocate. We were sat in the corner by a window that had its own little garden bed outside. Could not get over this palces cute factor. Tables were small but candle lit and had the presh checker print table clothes, real napkins and honestly one of the best waitresses I've ever had. We order 2 Tequilatinis on Happy Hour and the artichoke dip. This artichoke dip opened the gates of heaven and brought to us the most delightful, out of the ordinary, festive taste I have ever had. It was spicy, but cheesy. It was melty but had good size chunks of artichoke. Simply, cannot go on enough about how good it was.I cannot wait to go back here and have brunch or enjoy the sunset with drinks on the patio. If you're looking for somewhere small and intimate that you'd like to take a significant other or truly impress someone you care about, pelase go here. Everything is perfect for the perfect date.
5	So lucky to be in town to eat here again. Brie and Lavash: I loved it. Basically a brie covered cracker type bread with a little sour from the balsamic reduction with sweetness from the pomegranate and pear.I cannot adequately describe the dish but it's great. Cafe Meatloaf: I could eat this every day. I wish this place wasn't 400 miles away from me...
5	This could possibly be my favorite place to eat from now on! Great service, great food and just an all around cute restaurant! Our great experience started from the second we turned onto the property. A friendly man told us were to park. We entered and were greeted by a smile. We were seated quickly. We let JR, our fantastic server, know that we were on our way to a show and were limited on time. He then made suggestions as to what entrees would be best. I ordered the crab cakes, which are by far the best I have ever had in the valley! They were all crab and no filler. I laughed at my husband for ordering the meatloaf, although JR said that it is really good. To my surprise, that even came out looking and smelling fantastic. My husband truly enjoyed every single bite. It's far too often that one spends too much money on a dinning experience that's not enjoyed. Coronado Cafe far exceeds many of the most expensive restaurants in the Phoenix area in service, flavor and charm and I can't wait to go back. This is what a restaurant should be.
5	Yum.We walked over to this place from the Heard Museum. My trusty Android phone GPS guided us through two wonderful historic neighborhoods to get there, and it turned out to be a straight shot down the street.Thanks Google Maps. Ah well. We needed the exercise.Anyway, quaint, eclectic decor, very personable server with whom we found out we are neighbors and may soon be friends.They were tolerant of our energetic two year old daughter, so though the place wasn't specifically "kid friendly," they were welcoming and didn't mind when she moved all the sweetener packets to the neighboring table, sucked lemons and threw the rinds on the floor, or did the usual range of energetic two year old antics.The sign out front said they had "The Best Crab Cakes in Phoenix."Now, I'm not a huge seafood fan. I'm from Ohio - the only crabs there are... well. Never mind. That would be a joke in poor taste.My Malaysian wife, however, is a seafood Ninja Jedi Master. There are restaurants in her home town where the fishing boats literally pull up alongside the restaurant with the day's catch.She ate these crab cakes, and declared them to be delicious. She is now intent on trying every other crab cake in the Phoenix metro area in order to make an accurate comparison - but we will come back to Coronado Cafe.My Mom and I both loved them, and will come back with my Dad, who is a crab cake aficionado.My advice is, order the crab cake entree. They really pull out all the stops for that one. My wife and mom ordered the open faced sandwich, and then wished they'd ordered the entree. They were jealous of me, which is ideal.The hummus makes a great appetizer.We'll be back, and soon, and maybe we'll leave the little one with a sitter next time!Cute place, great service, excellent food, and local. Not cheap, but you'll know where your money went. Worth it.
4	The SW wrap is amazing! It's a touch on the expensive side at $11 though. The salads are very good too.
5	amazing eggs benedict.
4	Nice place to hang out and have breakfast or lunch. The ambience is pretty and food is excellent. Crab cake is a must have.
5	Such a cute place. The service is excellent, today's weather is absolutely wonderful. I can't have any complaints about anything. I am having the chicken Caesar wrap with potato salad :) yumzo!
5	Over a year later I still give this place 5 stars.  Their crab cakes are amazing!  My boss took me to lunch and I suggested this place.  He's from Maryland so he loved that they use Maryland crab.  One bit of warning - the bowl of clam chowder is HUGE!  It could be a meal by itself.  I recommend sharing with a friend or order a cup instead.
4	Expensive for mt ($15-$25 per plate at dinner)BUT totally delicious-- and a super cute location.I am not a burger kind of girl, but I had their burger with blue cheese and onions on it and it was cooked PERFECTLY (medium).I mean, it was deeeeeelish!They also have a (kind of) full bar, and specialty drinks that are mmmm mmmm good! plus a happy hour from 4-6p on weekdays (I think).Would definitely recommend for a date night (not a first date, the tables are too close and your conversation too able to be overheard) or a girls night out!
3	Stumbled upon Coronado Cafe, really enjoyed our food and the time spent.  It is a solid place that is in our regular rotation as we stay close by when in PHX.  Mike
2	A girlfriend and I decided to meet here for lunch since neither of us had tried it. It's a very old and not very well kept building with a gravel parking lot so when I was greeted, not with a welcome but with a 'do you have a reservation?' from a very snobby waitress, I was immediately put off. No, we didn't have a reservation; it was 11:40 on a Wednesday morning and this isn't Capital City City Grille, lady. And when I told her no, I got the 'look' if you know what I mean (like I'm the idiot). And mind you, even though we didn't leave until 1, only half the tables were ever full. Onto the food: It seemed like a decent menu but the prices were way too high. I ordered a wrap with potato salad ($13 lunch plate price - wow). The wrap was horrible, filled with a very greasy aioli sauce that was dripping out of the overcooked tortilla, but the potato salad was good. We were visited ONCE in the 75 minutes we were there (still snobby, like we were inconveniencing her by being there) and had to track down the waitress in order to get our check. My friend really liked her salad which is the only reason this place is getting two stars instead of one. So if you're looking for over-priced mediocre food served by a snobby waitstaff in a building that's trying so hard to be trendy it won't even put a fresh coat of paint on their walls - this place is for you.
3	Hard to give correct stars.  We were a large group in the back room.  Cute little place.  Great service.  Mixed food experiences.  7 meals were good, two were very disappointing and I would not recommend them at all.  The crab eggs Benedict was awful.  Eggs hard,  hollandaise sauce had no flavor and tasted of flour!  Plus it was not very warm.  Would normally send back to kitchen, but were there right up against closing.  I don't think I'll be going back or recommend it.  If I were closer by, I might give it another try.
2	After 5 years in Phoenix and so much anticipation of trying Coronado Cafe, I was extremely underwhelmed. Nothing was bad. Nothing was stellar. I didn't hate my meal, but was more perplexed by raving reviews after such a mediocre experience.We kicked off our dinner with the infamous crab cakes which were delicious no doubt. That's where the enthusiasm ended. Having enjoyed them so much I decided to order the crab soup of the day which had a tomato and vegetable base and threw in a half Greek salad for good measure. My other half got the cheese burger. The soup tasted old and had no special quality to it with mushy veggies and completely pulled apart crab strings that made this like a tortilla soup without the spice. The salad was served on basic yellow romaine with no distinguishing qualities that set it apart from Souper Salad or Olive Garden.  For $11, I can't say I was thrilled. My beau's burger charted the same on his satisfaction scale - nothing to write home about.The people were very sweet and the ambiance was cozy, but the ambiance was also...quiet. Very quiet, like empty quiet.  Perhaps brunch is bustling on weekends and the different menu poses more potential. But we won't be back for dinner.
3	This place was cozy and romantic, and the food was good. I would imagine parking would be annoying if they were busy. We ordered the crab dip, the fish special of the day, and the salmon wrap. Everything was tasty and the service was good. The reason for 3 stars is: This place is pretty tiny, so you can expect to hear the entire conversation at the table next to you, even if you don't want to. They were also out of a lot of different things, so while I appreciate only having fresh food, they may need to adjust their ordering to accomodate their whole menu.
2	The food was tasty, but the service was tasteless.
4	Lots of superior flavors in all of the dishes that I have had. Doesnt matter if you order a pork dish, tacos, soup, whatever, it is all fun to eat. Just a delight.
5	I've never been to Maryland, but I'm pretty sure CC marries their best with old school Phoenix's best.I'll start with what I don't like: I don't come often enough. That's it. My raves: Cutest house turned classy restaurant ever. I've been discovering more & more places like this and CC is by far my favorite. It still feels like walking into mamas kitchen except you get first class service & it's not free ;)Look out for Triple J! Jillian, Janel, & JR always take great care of me!! They all have great attitudes, very personable, and know the menu very well. You can't go wrong with the crab cakes!! Or the miso salmon, mmmm!! Any seafood really. I've complained about my salmon not being cooked properly at other restaurants but that is not an issue here!!I also love the Gorgonzola salad, chicken Caesar wrap, and meatloaf!!!As others have mentioned, it's a great date place whether your date is a spouse, friend, or family member. I noticed a lot of people come in before a play- perfect ambiance for a romantic evening.Get a sitter for the kids- I would give you a Samantha Jones style stare down if you brought in loud grubby children who would definitely ruin my dinner in a cozy place like this. ( I am a nanny who loves children as well as dining out with children. But I also believe in adults having their happy place considering I don't go to the playground with cigarettes & beer to be in the way of 12 & under spring break! Thanks.)Parking lot works, location is great- super close to I-10, but far enough away to not have the noise while on the patio. Sometimes I come in just for a beer since I am in the neighborhood a lot and just melt into that patio. I'll be back soon! (Maybe tonight!)*Tip- Call ahead
3	Nothing special here...move on.Coronado Cafe has been around for a few years and is decidedly worse now than it was last time I visited in 2009.The menu has been "updated" to include a wide variety of seafood, middle eastern and American fare.Whereas in the past there were 2 or 3 signature dishes that made Coronado Cafe Stand out, now the menu options are standard fare that is available in 50 other restaurants in Phoenix.As for those who have said that the Coronado Cafe is romantic...I fully disagree. In the past the lighting was lower and the decor was such that one could have a romantic one on on dinner but now the lighting has been turned up full tilt and the decor has been mid westernized...with checkerboard table clothes and more tables crowded into the restaurant than before.As a result the clientele at Coronado Cafe is now retirement age for the most part and is composed of larger groups on the Saturday night we went versus couples
5	Had lunch here the other day with my team and the food was great! We started with the super lump Maryland style blue crab cakes and they were unbelievable. Then I had the roast chicken sandwich with provolone cheese, bacon and hatch green chiles. It came with a side of macaroni and cheese that was absolutely delicious with bread crumbs on it that gave it an amazing texture. Our server Emily was so nice and it was great to meet the owner Dianne. They are also doing brunch on the weekends. I cant wait to try it!
3	Lite lunch with the ladies.  Two of us shared Crab Cakes and Caprese salad.  I could have eaten an entire platter full of the crab cakes.
4	A good restaurant deserving of at least 4 stars and the potential to earn 5. Went there with my fiance for dinner.  We had the portobello sandwich ($11) and the green chili pasta with salmon ($19).   The sandwich was good, everything tasted fresh, but nothing "special" about it to warrant 5 stars.  It came with a side and we chose the mac and cheese.  The mac and cheese was actually phenomenal, not too heavy with cheese, but had a perfect amount of bread crumbs giving it a nice crunch.  The green chille pasta tasted great...for the first few bits...then good for the next few bites....then edible for the next few bites...and then at the end I just felt like a pig.  Not used to eating cream based pasta.  This would be great as an appetizer for the table to split, but too heavy for me to eat for a meal.  The piece of salmon that came on top was thick and definitely a generous portion.  However, it was a bit pink on the inside (we ate it anyway, too hungry to send it back).  Nevertheless, still tasty.  The menu said that the pasta dish came with tomato bruschetta, but the waitress did not bring any bruschetta.  So, I asked her for bread and she did bring a french baguette which was good, although the bruschetta probably would have gone better with the meal.Will definitely be back to try some other items on their menu that are a little less heavy than the pasta.
1	I am sorry to have to write a review like this for a local restaurant.  I am vegan.  I had a lunch reservation for Coronado Cafe, but decided to call ahead of time to work out any kinks in the preparation (e.g., no butter, no refined sugar, no smuggled in eggs or milk or cheese).  When I called, I thought I was lucky to have reached the owner.  I was quickly disabused.  She quipped that I should have taken the time to look up their menu online.  (By the way, of course I had, but they don't label!)  When I told her that the menu doesn't tell me everything I need to know for my diet (e.g., the butter or sugar issue), she got really exasperated and whined, "I'm trying to help you."  I said that was great and I'd like the help.  She then said that they have several vegetarian items, which again I explained might not be vegan (a vegan diet is more restrictive, so just because it's vegetarian does not necessarily mean it's vegan).  I asked her, for example, to ask the chef if the veggie burger was vegan, and she said,  "I'm the owner and I know everything about the menu."  So I asked her if the veggie burger was vegan and she said, "I don't know.  Is a veggie burger vegan?"  I said, "Some are; some aren't."  She said, "I don't think this is a place for you.  Don't come."  I didn't.  And I won't ever.  To sum up:  The owner is rude, unhelpful, unknowledgeable about food -- and to top it all off, she refuses to talk to the chef (who could easily answer food prep questions).  Two thumbs down; two thumbs way down.
5	This review is solely based on the dessert I had quite some time ago. I went to dinner elsewhere and was told the Coronado Cafe has the best chocolate cake. I was expecting an ordinary chocolate cake, but let me tell you, the chocolate cake with cream cheese icing is exquisite! Very moist, very rich, absolutely delicious! We were fortunate enough to grab the last 3 pieces. Wish I lived close enough to grab a piece to fulfill my chocolate cravings! Cake isn't cheap, but worth the splurge!
5	Have been here twice for lunch- it is great!Last week, I was part of a four top and we all got very different items: crab cakes, pork tacos, braised beef and the meatloaf. They were all terrific. The atmosphere is great - it is a little historic bungalow with white clothes and little flower arrangements on the tables. The service is terrific. Try to make reservations as the place is small, but they aren't required.
5	Very glad I found this cafe on Yelp.  The food is fresh and delicious- and fast.  The staff is friendly- it feels like a neighborhood cafe.  I will return when in town again to try more selections from the menu.
2	Expensive and just ok.
4	Good food, reasonably priced and friendly service.  Nothing mind blowing, but solid, and I'll definitely be back.  Had the crabby benedict side of bacon and a $3  bloody.  I want to come back and try the Kahlua french toast.Parking is easy with a good size lot and room enough inside for small group brunch.
5	This place is so cute. Food is delicious. Good for brunch. $3 mimosas. Also good for dinner. Crab cakes are amazing, and what they're known for.
4	Cute and spunky place with delicious food! Ordered the crab cake appetizer and Brie and lavash... Both were delicious. The crab cakes are super authentic... Taste just like the ones you get in Baltimore. The food is pretty pricey and the portions are small...that's the only negative. But it is a local place, so it is somewhat justifiable. The people working there are a little bit awkward, but nice. Probably the best part about this place is that it is in an old house... It has a great ambiance and lots of character. Definitely a good place to check out and try in down town Phoenix!
4	I really love crab cakes and have been dying to find a place to meet my standards. My best friend and I have now been here twice. Every time it gets better! This place serious does have the best crab cakes in Phoenix! I also recommend trying the smoked salmon appetizer! DELICIOUS! This place is also very cute! It's like an old house transformed into a restaurant. I love it. It's a bit pricey for appetizer but I feel that it is worth it!
5	the service is so great and its oh so romantic at night. I like going on dates here by myself or with great compant its so chic
5	Great food, great service!  I had the crabby benedict and the banana nutella crepe and both were great!  Will be back to try more things.
4	If you are looking for a good date place or somewhere to have great food and conversation, this is your place. The restaurant is in a remodeled home, it is very quaint and eclectic environment. We had a wonderful waitress and the manager/owner welcomed us and comped our dessert because we couldn't sit at the bar. We had a caprese salad that was really good, not perfect, but very good. The salmon rolls stuffed with crab were over the top delicious. Also, had a glass of pinot noir, very good. The Key lime pie was easily the best part. I enjoyed my food, my wine, and my environment. GO!
5	My new favorite!  My husband and I had a wonderful dinner last night at CC. Our waiter was David and he was great. He was professional, funny, and attentive but not overly so. We started our meal with the crab cakes which were amazing. Real chunks of crab and not a lot of breading. I ordered a margarita which was well mixed. I ordered the special and my husband had the scallops. The risotto was amazing!  I liked that the owner was waiting at the front door and seating people as they entered. It gave the resaurant a family feel. We will be going back!!!
4	Made my second trip here last night.  My sister suggested it as she loves their brie and lavash appetizer (a mixture of fruit, vinaigrette, and cheese).  My girlfriend and sister both got the Miso salmon as the main course while I got the crab cakes.  Both dishes are tasty and well-prepared with excellent presentation.  The atmosphere of this place is very much that of a neighborhood haunt.  Its located along the main drag on 7th Street, but its in a cute restored bungalow that very much feels like someones living room.  Even the bar area feels very homey.  My only reason for docking a point here are the prices.  For what we had, they're a little steep.  I've had crab cakes and salmon of equal quality for cheaper prices at other valley restaurants.  The crab cakes plus the side of fingerling potatoes and corn was about $25 and the salmon with rice was about $16.  You could certainly get a better deal for these dishes elsewhere.  But if you have the money to spend for the evening, the atmosphere and service and this comfortable spot will bring you back.
5	Love this place! Great food, great customer service.  Owners are very supportive of the community.
5	Delicious!
5	Cafe burger and mahi mahi fish tacos were fabulous!   House salad dressing was very good. Excellent service!
5	Try the crab cakes open sandwich with a glass of Reisling. Delicious.The flat bread levage with brie, strawberries and balsamic reduction was very nice too. Service, ambience and decor all made for a very relaxing and five star meal.
5	This is a quaint little place. The food is excellent as is the service. We shared a blue burger and a piece of chocolate cake. The burger was awesome and on a fresh baked bun. The chocolate cake came from Shelly's Specialty Desserts in Glendale AZ. It was so moist and delicious.  I would recommend reservations since the place us so small.  You won't be disappointed.
2	The service was great. We had kids and everyone was super friendly and extremely attentive. (We were the only ones there on a Friday night at 5 though.) Food is where it goes downhill. We got the crab cakes which were only mediocre. The ones I make are better and they don't cost $24. My husband got the surf and turf and it was not good. Again, I make better shrimp and better steak and it's not $26. I think Applebee's makes better steak and shrimp to be quite honest. The veggie bean burger that my kids got was decent, and the spinach artichoke dip was ok. Would definitely not go back here and would not recommend anyone else waste their money.
4	This place is definitely a favorite.  We've had really excellent experiences here (dinner and brunch)  - except for the most recent one.The atmostphere is romantic - a cozy old house with cute little rooms, small tables with checked table cloth, soft lighting, the works.  They have fine food that's worth the price and it's a great date night experience.On this last visit, our server was incredibly slow, beyond reasonable levels. She was nice enough, but we ended up running late for our next engagement, even though we arrived quite early.  She even took over five minutes processing our credit card after we said we were in a hurry, twice.  The restaurant was far from packed fairly early on a Thursday.  The people near us came in later and left earlier with the same number of courses (and a good server).  In addition to being slow, she wasn't very helpful.  We ordered the crab cakes, which came with vegetables that were a little bland, and the stuffed pepper, which was so spicy that my husband and I both burned our mouths.  The server eventually came by and asked how we liked our food, and when we mentioned the screaming spice, she specifically said the dish wasn't meant to be at all spicy - then proceeded to do nothing about it.  Thank goodness another server who had a table nearby kept our waters full. Our shrimp cocktail appetizer had big, beautiful shrimp, and our creme brulee dessert was delicious.  The crab cakes themselves were great, and I could tell that the pepper dish would have been nice, if it hadn't been so incredibly spicy.  They clearly just forgot to clean out the seeds.Luckily, my husband and I were in good spirits and the poor service and food issues didn't put a damper on our night.  We've been here many times and tried many menu items, including the crab cake sandwich, the meatloaf, the crab benedict at brunch, their mimosa and bloody mary, etc.  We've never had poor service or over-spicy food before, so I am leaving this review at 4 stars - it's an average of two for this visit and 5 for every other time we've visited.
1	I was excited to get a group of 5 great friends together for a light brunch and several rounds of bloody Mary's. My excitement did not last long. The bloody Mary was so bland, it tasted like plain tomato juice with black pepper... However, this was not the worst part, that was they way my crepe tasted. I'm a lover of crepes. I learned how to make them as a child and they're my Go-To brunch indulgence. Now when you eat something that you love and you're confidant that you have healthy taste buds, you get very disappointed when your food tastes bad. Where I was hoping to find a delicious nutella and banana flavor, I was taken aback by the overwhelming taste of oil. Not delicious. Chefs can have an off day and food can turn, I get it. I don't get how a Server can then attempt to make a customer feel guilty or stupid if they send the plate back. I've worked in the service industry for many years and sending food back, gives the restaurant a chance to turn your experience around. If you messed up once, it's totally forgivable, however if you then give a crappy response to the customer, you're officially a sucky server. Bummed that I had such a poor experience at this cute little neighborhood eatery and even more bummed that I didn't get to enjoy a tasty crepe. Crepe-lessly yours,Joan
5	Unbelievable little gem. ..I had the portobello sandwich with a side Caprese and a side of mac n cheese (just had to) & my love had the crab cake benedict! Only because I'm a small Eater did I take some to go and ordered dessert (Omg key lime pie)... You must stop! !!!
5	Delicious small sized comfort food as well as healthy options. The mac n cheese is a must.
5	Great place to have dinner.  I had the pork tacos and they were awesome!! I will definitely be back.
4	It is so nice to stumble across a gem like this.   A darling restaurant in an cozy old house in Phoenix.   Art on the wall to enjoy and purchase if interested.    The food is fantastic.   My husband ordered the pork tacos.  There were four tacos on the plate and the meat was deliciously tender and the tacos came with a small side salad.  I ordered the caprese salad and this salad came with the best dressing ever.  I would love to have the recipe.  The menu said that it was lemon en-fused olive oil, basalmic reduction....best caprese salad ever.   For dessert we shared the coconut cream pie.   Oh my.....perfect crust and filling.  Heavenly meal.  Thank You.  If you live near by and haven't given the Coronado cafe a try you are missing out.
4	This is a cute, charming little place.  My mother's blue burger was scrumptious.   My husband and I ordered the cafe burger which was good, but didn't hold a candle to the blue burger.  Beverage refills without being in your face.  I would come back.
5	We always go here before the theater.  Good food at a reasonable prices.  Service is excellent.  Friendly atmosphere, good location and on site parking.  The salmon and crab cakes are delicious.  A nice selection of dinners and sandwiches.  Food is prepared and presented well in a warm and cozy environment.  Highly recommend.  Chuck Thompson
5	This place is AMAZING! I was greeted when I came in the door.  I was allowed to pick my seat, inside or out.  I asked for a specific table- NO PROBLEM!!!! The waitress, Beth, was so nice and informative.   I ordered dessert first....Chocolate cake-yum!  For dinner, the Blue Cheese Burger and Mac-n-cheese.   As you can see from the pics, hot and juicy.  I almost got the steak but I'll save that for another time because I will be back, w/friends!
5	So my sweetheart and I came here after a negative experience at Nami across the street.  I ordered an Iced tea and the crabby benedict.The iced tea was a fruity tea and very yummy. Now the crabby benedict. Never before have I tasted such unique flavor combinations. The bread they served it on was a flavorful focaccia bread. The eggs were very nicely poached. Just instead of ham they put a crab cake on it! (I love crab!)The service was very friendly and he had an excellent personality. Next time I'll have to come back and try the dinner menu. It looked incredible.
5	This place is great! The crab cakes are wonderful.  The service was prompt and friendly. The berry bombs are a great specialty cocktail.
5	We tried the Coronado Cafe last night, and it exceeded our expectations.  The ambience was lovely, service excellent, and the food was fabulous.  Their meatloaf (this is NOT your mother's meatloaf) has to be the best on the planet.  We will definitely return.
4	The food is fresh, delicious and the service is fast and attentive. Love the dining ambiance.
