4	So the long awaited W has finally opened its doors and so too has Sushi Roku! My "date" and I stroll in Monday evening and because it had just opened 3 days earlier I was expecting it to be much more crowded then it was. But that was OK. The whole atmosphere of the restaurant was perfect; dark and sexy until they sat us next to the sushi bar where some type of refrigeration unit was running. I could barely even hear the waitress when she came to our table. She did happily seat us at a table further away from what ever that thing was. They had a great cocktail list. I had a drink called the fusion which was the perfect blend of berries, watermelon and vodka. It was not overly sweet. They can make a mean dirty Grey goose vodka as well. The tofu appetizer was to die for, for those that are tofu fanatics. They make their own tofu in house and serve it with truffles, caviar and green onion. Heavenly! The yellow tail appetizer was also good but you can find the same at alot of other sushi places around town. Now for the Sashimi. Their pieces we cut quite a bit larger than most sushi places but also not cut through all the way so you end up with a huge hunk of fish. We did mention it to the waitress. We also thought the sashimi was not the freshest around. We felt like splashing some water on it to bring it to life! Same goes with the ginger, it appeared freeze dried! The roll I ordered was one of the best I've had though. It was called something like the Samir. Avocado and spicy tuna rolled in shrimp with rice paper, cilantro and some "hot sauce". Yum-E. It melted in my mouth and did not fall apart between my chop sticks! Impressive! So overall, I will definitely be visiting this place again. Maybe not for the sashimi but everything else was top par!!
4	My relationship with Sushi Roku is a love hate thing, from beginning to end. I went with a group of 7 friends on opening day and we were able to get a reservation simply based on our positions at various hotels around the valley, and saw a 30 minute wait after our 8:30PM reservation, which was ok seeing as they squoze us in. When I pulled up, I was amazed at all the vehicles in the valet lot, so I kept driving and parked around the corner. The place made me feel small from the beginning!The entire space is beautiful and very well done. It's hip, yet upscale, and a very fun atmosphere. The servers are very friendly even though some of them are not fully trained in the restaurant. The food I had was delicous. Tuna on fried brown rice cake was delicious, as was the salmon and toro sushi. The yakatori sticks were very bland and almost seemed as though they were done with a greek seasoning, rather than a sweet Japanese. The food did come out quickly, even on a day when the place was packed way over capacity. Drinks, however, were not so quick. I had 2 greyhounds @ 14 each and I swear neither of them had any alcohol in them and have heard similar grumblings from others as well. I have to assume their bartenders have previous experience from other places, but it didn't seem as such. I heard a LOT of smashed glasses as well. The whole night seemed like a mess for them.The restrooms were very cool, if not a bit confusing. They told me to go in through the door to the restrooms and I saw a lot of women standing around and figured I was headed for the womens room. But infact the men and women share the communal sinks and waiting areas, but have their own bathroom area, which was different. I feel the atmosphere was definitely typical Scottsdale but a little different in some areas where it was obvoius they put some neat touches in it. I had one major gripe with the place, a little out of the restaurants control, was the overzealous attitude of their loss prevention department. These guys thought they were professional bouncers at Las Vegas night clubs.  We had been going back and forth between the restaurant and the lobby all night with no problems. At one point a big black guy said I cant come in, and this was after my whole party just went in front of me. I said "look count chocula, I've been in here all night, and all of my friends just walked by you. Don't stand there and tell me your hands are tied or you are over capicaty or something like that, because I know it is bs. I'm going past you." His co-worker came over and told him to let me in. The guy would have beat  me into the ground if he had wanted to but it worked out. They need to get their security department going in a proper fashion, and work on the bar quite a bit, and the place will be a real winner. I'm sure that it will come with time, so I'm giving it 4 stars under the assumption that it is going to improve in time.
4	I went to Sushi Roku for lunch one day in LA and wasn't a big fan.  Since they opened in Scottsdale though and I love sushi, I thought I would give it another try.  It was only the second weekend they have been open so considering we had to wait an hour for our reservation wasn't so bad because the whole world seemed to be there so talking to everyone made the time pass quickly.  I didn't even think I was in Scottsdale.  Just watching the crowded scene at Sushi Roku and the W Hotel was enough to keep anyone occupied.  They offered us the sushi bar at one point but we opted to wait for a table since it was more of where the action seemed to be.  We got our table and instantly started eating because 1. The table sitting next to us starting sharing their sweet potato chips with us and 2. They brought us edamame without us even ordering it (that scores huge with me)!  At this point since we had waited for a while we weren't starving so we ordered the baked lobster roll and the yellowtail sashimi with diced chilies.  I was hesitant about ordering the lobster roll because I thought it would be heavy and it was actually the opposite - very light.  The yellowtail was so unbelievable I could eat it everyday, all day.  Now the table on the other side of us starting sharing their filet mignon wrapped in asparagus which was very tasty.  They also started pouring us their sake as well which was great!  The ahi tuna carpaccio arrived compliments of the owner as well as a dessert.  All of the desserts sounded so good we told our waitress to surprise us.  She brought some type of egg rolls with ice cream but we were too full to eat them so we reciprocated and gave them to the table next to us.  Our waitress for a new restaurant was perfect.  She was nice, friendly and knowledgeable.  The owner came to sit with us as we were finishing up and was asking ideas of where to possibly open a Boa Steakhouse (also one of LA's amazing restaurants that Innovative Dining Group owns).  I was so excited and told him that Scottsdale Quarter would be the perfect place for Boa.  Now we started our venture to the W Hotel Pool Bar.  To be able to describe all of this would definitely need its own review.  It was a little chaotic at first (with the line, etc - but we ended up only having to wait five minutes), but it turned out to be such a fun night.  I can't wait to go back and hope it stays this way for a while (not because it just opened).   It was fun running into so many people there as well all in a new atmosphere which was very cool.  I loved the pool!  I'll leave it at that and let Gabi write more on this since I wrote about Sushi Roku :)
4	I wanted so badly to hate this place. You have no idea. And this doesn't come from a place of hate in my heart. I don't hate "Scottsdale." The concept. The place. Or the people.Ani Di Franco says "If I were you, you're exactly who I'd be..."So if I was both a city and an undeniable DB (which are equally possible coexisting phenomena considering my paunch and treatment of other humans at large), I could indeed be Scottsdale. I could represent everything about it. But instead, some rich ladies and gentlemen, developers and career hype-hawkers no doubt, decided to build a representation on Camelback Rd so I could go on just being me, Dally G. Scottlas, Atlas' retard cousin, I am not. No, I did not just use that word.  But, as I said, I don't hate it. I do hate hype. I do hate, kind of with all my heart, the fucking dumb asses who stand in line for video game systems, Starwars movies, and iPhones. So the 2000+ people who showed up at the pool at the W this weekend are the unjustifiably more socially acceptable versions of the 3 week line-standing uberdorks. I know I'm making a lot of friends here.  So when I arrived at Sushi Roku for a "press junket," I was like, I already hate this place. Just because I'm a judgmental asshole. And I wasn't greeted by a TOTAL FUCKING TOOL. By that I mean, some fucking asshole in a horrible, horrible tie who later introduced himself as an assistant GM, would not fucking acknowledge my presence as I'm leaning on the podium. Dude, the people at the front are more important than the famous chefs and stingray skin place settings! Get a fucking clue douche-nozzle! ARG! It wasn't until the main attraction arrived and took the bull by the horns that we were able to break into his extraordinarily minuscule external sphere of recognition or comprehension. Ok, so I have no idea what a press junket is... But I'm calling it that because it makes me sound like a pimp. And I need more of that in my life. But it was a night for press people from around town to come and check it out and get everything comped and interact superficially because they all seem to hate/judge each other. Who can blame them, really. And it was fucking marvelous. I loved the place. As a vegetarian on a meaty night, they hooked my skanky ass up. I had a breath-taking eggplant dish. Some tofu variety platter that would probably be about $15 I imagine, which was good but I would have to know the price before I could recommend it. I had a mushroom tofu steak and a fairly delish dessert. It was all very good. The seaweed salad was good but loud. Yes, very loud in my head. Our waiter, while it seemed that he had never worked in the service industry before, was genuinely nice and totally helpful with my surely annoying veggieness. We got a pseudo sneak peek of the pool area during a party that was going on. I didn't quite understand why it was so hush hush when there was already a huge party going on but whatever. The place is fucking rad. Bring a date there. Expect him/her to put out. Not because he'll/she'll feel obligated but because everything is sexier there. It's just totally amazing. The people walking around the rest property were as snobby as you'd expect and yes, they are judging you. But everyone should check this place out once. I guess this is sort of a review of my experience at the W as well. You'll probably live. Check it out.
3	This one is hard. The whole place is conflicted between excellence and douchetasticness.THE GOOD (aka: the food)If you've been to another Roku, or even a Nobu, the menu will look familiar, as will the prices.The sushi selection was pretty deep, with a good specials list, and lots of options. All the fish was very fresh, and as good as you can get in Phoenix, unless you're a regular somewhere else and get the special stuff. My benchmark for this is 'saba'. Usually, if you're not a regular somewhere, you get the dried out, pickled-herring tasting stuff. But Roku sent out the good stuff. Moist and delicious.The sushi rice was excellent. Some of the portions were a bit awkward, with the rice ball minimized maybe to make the top portion seem larger...? But very good. I would sit at the bar next time.The hot and cold plates were of the standard "inventive new japanese" type, but very well executed.THE OKAY (aka: the bar)Decent selection of beers and sake. Some frou frou specialty cocktails. But if you can't make a Vodka Tonic, you're fired. That wasn't tonic. Sent it back, came back again. Not tonic. 1 of 3 things going on here:1) waitress screwed up twice (doubtful, she seemed competent and sober)2) bartender screwed up twice3) tonic is on tap, and tap was screwed up and only delivering carbonation and no syrup. if so, the bartender isn't checking the taps - see #2 above.I like a Vodka Soda too, so I let it slide and didn't send it back again.THE UGLY (aka: the overal l experience)Normally, a W hotel is a chill spot in every city. You can count on upscale and relatively low key business/pleasure travelers, great service. Cool vibe. But I'm afraid this W will be plagued by the same velvet rope bullshit that haunted the James and Mondrian when they first opened. We scurried through the lobby and were greeted by a nicely scripted hostess (who knew how to work the reservations system), and an Atlantic City magician in a Sushi Roku host's suit (who didn't know how to work the reservations system). Guido act in full effect. At least he didn't punch us in the face or anything. Probably not fair to judge him. I'm sorry. He's probably a nice guy, but the demeanor doesn't fit the place. I would be floored if he could point to Japan on a map. Or if he punched me in the face.The decor is very upscale, modern and generally over-the-top, but well done.Then as we get escorted in...Host bellows a Jersey Shore approximation of "Irrasshai!", to which all 3000 or so staff bellow back "IRRASSHAI!!!" This happens EVERY FUCKING TIME a new party is seated. The only thing louder was the table of seemingly underage rich kids getting hammered for someone's 19th birthday. "We're bombin, dude!" I think "bombin" means ruining both your sake and beer by mixing them in the same glass. The table was out of control and acted like they were at a Super Sweet 16, but were not approached by mgmt, as far as we could see. Elsewhere, cougars on the prowl. Some horrified rich people. And some troubled foodies.OVERALLThe food was very good . The experience was pretty cheesy. Some of the staff must find it hard not to chuckle when they're trying to prepare and serve A+ dishes. They need to tone it down to keep a return business. The sake bomber crowd isn't gonna keep coming back at $100/head, and fine diners don't want their conversations (and even thoughts) drowned out by Vegas theatrics, unnecessary "security" and obnoxious guests. The servers are very young and inexperienced, and still in script mode. They need to be able to read when a table doesn't need to be taught about a menu. But I imagine the ones who make it will relax and hit a groove if management lets them.We'll head back to the bar on a week night, as far away from the "show" as possible, and enjoy some sushi.
5	I have died and gone to sushi heaven!  The irony is I happened to eat sushi earlier today at a different restaurant, and Sushi Roku's same dish, just blew the other place's right out of the water!  OMG!  Add excellent food (the prices were definitely a bit higher than other sushi places- but still the flavor and quality were tangible things you can actually TASTE), excellent service (Angela was a complete doll!- and the GM Seth rocks!), and fresh and fab decor, and you have a winner!Mark my words, this will be THE place to be seen for quite some time to come.  On a side note, I also liked the trendy-ness (and yet very approachable and friendly nature) of the hotel in general.  Everyone was super cool and welcoming to my friend and I.....although it doesn't hurt that she is smokin' hot and we are both super friendly and nice!  But it did appear that EVERYONE was greeted and served graciously.The fillet appetizer (wrapped around asparagus) was divine!  The spicy tuna rolls literally melt in your mouth, and the soft crab rolls are a little slice of heaven.  Be sure to look your best and have fun people watching while enjoying a great meal!  (But save up, 'cause it ain't cheep!)  BTW, we went on a Thurs, and it was pretty packed.  MAKE RESERVATIONS!!Warmest wishes,Kirin :)
5	Delish!Well, this super cool spot was my favorite sushi spot in LA, CA and now they have graced Scottsdale!  I would compare it to Asia De Cuba (but better - not trying that hard) and decor blows ADC away! Very hip and not too crowded (yet).  Hope it can keep a trendy feel (while still remaining sophisticated).  All sushi rolls were great and loved the Filet Mignon wrapped Asparagus (very tiny, but tasty) Loved banana desert & signature cocktails.The decor is amazing.  Upstairs bar with pool is pure eye candy.  Love the red shades.  A back drop for a great night out for sure.Service was AMAZING.  Hostess was friendly and professional, GM came to our table - very cool and nice.  Waitress rocked - what more can I say?  LOVED IT!  Going back again tonight!
4	Sushi Roku (and the adjoining Scottsdale W Hotel) is the type of place that you either love or hate. It's a total scene, with well dressed, beautiful people jockeying for position and pulling every string they can to bypass the line, get seated immediately, etc. etc. So, my advice to people is to know what you're getting into.....go with the right mindset....and enjoy yourself, because it's quite a show! There are two different atmospheres to Roku, so you DO have a choice. The main dining room is fun, loud, and buzzing with activity. This is where all the action is. The only thing is, don't anticipate a deep, meaningful conversation with your dining companions. Yell some small talk, sip your drink, and enjoy the food!The upstairs open patio is another story. While it definitely doesn't have the buzz of the main room, it is filled with large booths and tables, overlooking the W's pool deck. This is a MUCH more tranquil experience, allowing you to enjoy your conversation without straining or yelling. The food is very good. And, for what they charge, it should be. It took me back to the couple of times I've been to Nobu........some of the best sushi I've ever had......some of the largest dinner tabs I've ever had, as well. The appetizer selection is large and there are daily specials. On our last trip we tried a Tuna Tartar special, as well as their "Hanabi" Spicy Tuna on Crispy Rice Cakes. Both are excellent. For dinner, we stuck to rolls, focusing on items such as Tako Roll, Spicy Tuna Roll, and Katana Roll....all involving the adjective "spicy"....what can I say? We like it spicy. On a previous visit, some main courses hit the table. The Chilean Sea Bass was excellent, so don't be afraid to order off the Entree Menu if sushi isn't your thing. Lastly, the service is wonderful. We've been twice and everyone has been great to us. You are never left wondering where your server has gone and their GM, Seth, and the other managers are constantly making the rounds and ensuring that everything is to your liking. All in all, I'm a fan of Roku. Beautiful setting, beautiful people, and the option of submerging yourself into the scene downstairs, or enjoying a quieter meal on their new patio.
4	OK, Sushi Roku has, in my opinon the best sushi in the Valley. It was ridiculous. Loved it. I went for happy hour and it was pretty quiet but I wasn't expecting it to be bumpin'. As a matter of fact I was hoping to avoid the snobs and I guess I did. (I hear they show up after 9 pm, FYI). I sat at the bar, enjoyed the edamame hummus and the spicy tuna rolls. The spicy tuna rolls were seriously the best. The service rocked too. Our bartender took great care of us. I'll be back.
4	5 stars for being open on christmas-1 for priceAs a Jew on christmas, I found myself desperate for some good asian cuisine. Thankfully Sushi Roku was open. Since I was trying to catch a flight, they even let me make reservations 15 minutes before they opened. That alone gives it 5 stars. The sushi was pretty awesome too. I had two rolls (the names of which escape me) and they were pretty damn good. I want to give them five stars but the price makes me think I will never go there again. As good as the service was and as good as the rolls were, I can get far better for far cheaper. Sorry guys. After all, I am a jew; what do you expect?
2	Disappointed. Not as good as the other locations. Visually nice but I can get WAY better product for less and be in a just as a nice location. Not much to say here but that I was disappointed... Do yourself a favor and check out the new Pure Sushi in Old Town Scottsdale. Deseo in the Westin Scottsdale Hotel is good too.
2	Ok so I'll begin with the bad, cause baby- they ain't much good..... the drinks were not as strong as they should be for $14,(I had 3 of them and was not even buzzing- usually 2 and I ready to rumble) the sushi is great, but again you end up with $20 of it perperson just to have a decent sized dinner and the waitress totally but things on our bill that we didn't order AND the "5 piece" tempura order originally came w 3 pieces. All of this and the 5 oz of  so-so sake was $15. They should be ad they are new to the valley b/c in this  market they'll be a one-off place to go for people who can vacation. Plus this was all on my birthday, so they needed to do better. Plus you pay $8 for valet and they didn,t even pull the car around all the way. Eahhhhhh "at the the sushi was good?" Is not how I wanted to feel when the bill is over $120.
4	Liked it!  It's in the W hotel and my first trial of this chain.  The decor is great and I loved the large tables.Sushi quality was very good.  I still prefer Nobu, but this chain is very comparable.  I had the usual mix of what I like: edamame beans, unagi sushi, a sashimi mix, rolls and their rock shrimp.  I first fell in love with rock shrimp at Nobu, and I think Sushi Roku does a very good version of it!  Tasty and good sized potions.  The fish has a nice flavor and texture.  The rolls were good quality - we had a spicy salmon roll (not on the menu but they allowed the subsitution), tuna toro with jalapeno, and a dynamite.This place is pricey but I was happy with the meal and service and would return.
5	We showed up out of the blue on Valentine's night looking for food. We got a seat at the sushi bar right away, but the place was otherwise packed. I guess we were lucky. We passed on the V-day prix-fixe menu and decided to order as we ate.Our waitress was visibly perturbed by my wife's order of tap water to drink and vegetable tempura to start. Judging by her expression, she took us for deadbeats; it wasn't offensive but hilarious, we're old enough to be confident in our own opinions of ourselves. Anyway, the vibe at the W was definitely people trying hard to be cool and of-the-moment.In any event, we struck up a conversation with the chef behind the bar where we were sitting. We initially ordered some basic sashimi dishes, but when I asked the chef for suggestions, he started rattling off a series of custom creations he could make. So we let him do his best, and he turned out a great collection of sashimi dishes, none, at least as far as I could tell, on the menu. We had a great meal, and we would definitely return, at least if we didn't live in San Diego.(The waitress eventually warmed up, probably thawing as she watched us eat through plate after plate of sashimi....)
3	I've always felt there are two items that are consistent indicators of the overall quality of a sushi restaurant... saba or uni. I took the saba test and Sushi Roku got low marks. The fishier the saba generally the less awesome your sushi meal will be and sure enough, my saba was pretty fishy and the overall meal was edible, but not stellar. Granted I was eating sushi in landlocked Scottsdale, so perhaps the joke is on me. Alas I was tired from my travels and was in desperate need of food, so I can't say I thought about my dining decision before going in. The interior is pretty sleek (as is the decor of the whole hotel) so I'd say it'd still be a fun spot for a date. Our server was pretty cool too. Final word: If you're staying in the hotel, don't feel like branching out, and have no price sensitivity, it's fine.
5	I've been meaning to go to Sushi Roku for a while now and finally got the chance.For starters, I'm less about the sushi and more about the fish. Don't get me wrong, I love a good rainbow roll but sashimi is the main event.I had the chef's sashimi sampler and I have never had fresher fish in Phoenix. The blue fin had a perfectly delicate flavor while melting in my mouth. I'm usually not a huge fan of uni, but it was so fresh, I had to finish every last bite. The blue fin special with truffles (definitely not to be confused with a blue light special, mostly because of the truffles) was the perfect starter.I was planning on going for a drink and a couple of small appetizers and ended up eating a full meal (I am powerless against the rainbow roll, especially after a few drinks of saki).The place looks great. It is clean and well designed. The staff was also excellent with just the right amount of attention without being bothersome.Overall, it was a great dining experience.
3	OK so where do I start first off the place looks cool and has a really truly awesome assortment of food on the menu. Plenty to choose from including carpoccios which are my fav. I ordered the tuna carpaccio = the fish was sliced too thick and had what tasted like a salty bottle bought ponzu. Dont order this if you want carpaccio Yellowtail carpaccio = delicious sliced thin and had the oils and herbs perfect. A good size too. Miso soup = the same as everywhere else The Katana roll = dude this thing is freaking amazing but for 16 bucks I dont know soo good though. some beef wrapped in asparagus= soo bad I took it back Spicy Tuna was over minced like mush All in all the meal was good but for 70 bucks I left hungry and pissed The waiter was soo weird and creepy. I was there with my gf and a friend and he asked my friend if she was having a rough night, WTF!!! Dont ask a girl if she was having a rough night. Might as well said you look like shit. So weird. Oh and the fact he only talked to my gf when he was addressing any of us. Talking to him was like pulling teeth soo damn weird. I did go back a second time and had good food and a waitress with a name with like all syllables. I wish I could remember it because she really is the best
2	Like many restaurants in Scottsdale, this is all style and no substance.  The food is good, but subpar for the prices paid.  I even returned a glass of wine because it simply was not worth the $10.00 cost.  And we did not think the menu was anything special or unique.
2	Just not a great Sushi Roku location.  The service was okay and the ambience was too - but the food wasn't fabulous and the sushi chef knew very little of the food he was serving.  When sitting at the sushi bar in a 'fine dining' japanese restaurant you kind of expect the chefs to be spot on and knowlegable about the food.  Not the case here.  If you want to spend this kind of money, go to Roka Akur - it's fantastic and worth every penny.
3	Standard sushi for Phoenix.
2	My whole night at Sushi Roku was full of "I should have known better...."I should have known better to not trust the front desk folks at my hotel to make a restaurant recommendation..... should have  trusted YELPI should have known better that trendy and hip don't always equal quality dinning .... should have consulted YELP I should have known better ... when the hostess tells you 30 minutes for the next table and you don't get seated after waiting for a good 45 minutes, its time to get the hell out ..... YELP would have saved me I should have known better .... when you're waiting for a table and you see a sea full of empty tables that the restaurant could care less if you are waiting or not ..... god YELP me I should have known better when the restaurant never seats you at a table, keeps making up excuses as to why you can't sit down, you find a bug in your drink and they only comp you for part of your bill .... its time to give that place a big YELPIN reviewOk so bottom line ... Sushi Roku is a trendy place in Scottsdale, its kind of hip.. but again you're in Scottsdale I should have known better and left restaurant after being told it would take 30 minutes to get a table.  But instead I decided to take my chances and that was my bad. The saving graces of the night was my dinner party, and the very helpful and wonderful waiter STAN.  Stan allowed me to give Roku an extra star.  Sum it up:Roku ain't worth it... move on
4	Surprisingly I'm going to give 4 stars to Sushi Roku.Here's why...Being that it was my first time to this location I was SUPER skeptical because it sits at the W hotel in old town Scottsdale, which is nice but, it's a restaurant, not some hot Sushi/club scene that came here from LA as people portray it to be. So I was smart, I went on a Monday night when I knew the affliction and UFC crowd would be to a minimum and the staff could actually concentrate and relax instead of bustling around rushing because of a shouting, rude clientele. Not to my surprise the experience was exceptional, the staff was hands down friendly, confident in the chef and on track with recommendations including a delicious pairing with a bottle of chilled sake. I opted for the steak wrapped asparagus to begin and the stimulus menu for a main course.To those who don't know, the stimulus menu is a 3 course meal served for $30.00 where you can choose either "Land" or "Sea" and yes, it's okay to mis-match them too. I had the "Land" as my first course which constitutes 3 of the restaurants most popular items, steak, chicken, etc and all were prepared absolutely to spec, well except maybe my steak was a tad cold but meh, everything was going awesome so far so why screw it up by complaining.The second course however I had the "Sea" version in which 4 different pieces of nigiri are served with 3 different types of roll, also note, you can substitute fish in case you aren't feeling shrimp or whatever they serve you, a total plus. Third course is green tea ice cream, always a winner in my book.To sum it up I'd say this location met my expectations with what I had become accustomed to with the LA locations, I'll be back for sure, just never on a weekend, not in Scottsdale at least.
3	Good sushi.  Retarded servers and infested with snobby young Scottsdale douche bags.If i were to go again, I would go before the Snottsdale kids wake up and I would sit at the bar :-)
3	Mediocre.I went safe with a spicy tuna cut roll and it looked good but the consistency was like mush.  There was nothing else in there to give it that crunch that makes them so good.  Also, the only thing that looked good in the sushi case was yellowtail and it had excellent consistency but lacked flavor.  The miso soup was too salty at a rip off at $4.  I ate here for convenience only (stayed at the W).  Definitely a skippable experience.
4	The sushi bar here just rock.  Second and third visit to  Sushi Roku, P made a bee line for the sushi bar.  That made all the difference.  First time here we sat at a booth and while the food was good, there wasn't anything to make me want to go out of my way to come back.But the sushi bar just transform the experience.  The sushi chefs are friendly and willing to engage you and what's fresh and good.   I put my trust and their recommendation and left happy and satisfied.
5	If you like authentic sushi (i.e. not crazy rolls where you can't taste the freshness of the fish), sit at the sushi bar and let the chef know. He'll hook you up with some out of the world food that you won't forget. They have the best selection of fish in town and amazing variety of condiments from Japan, including fresh wasabi root that's grated to order.
2	The ambience is a feast for the eyes and for the touch, this much is true, but one is paying a very high price for this exclusivity.  While I liked waiting in the lobby- couldn't sit at the sushi counter until it was open for dinner service at 5:30p- I did notice that for a venue that strives to project a life of luxury, housekeeping hadn't come by to clean food debris off of the coffee table (closest to the sushi restaurant's host desk).  Not even when a rep came by to alert me to a bar menu sitting on the table and asked me if I had wanted anything from the bar- she had to have noticed the mess?!I ordered a $9.50 spider roll (soft-shelled crab), a $10 veggie tempura app, and a $19 baked lobster roll, all priced at 50% for one week during their 1-year anniversary.  They're all good, and factoring in the ostentatious surroundings, I'd pay $9.50 for the soft-shelled crab roll, but I'd put my foot down on the other two.  50% maybe, but $19 for a five-piece lobster roll?  Yes, it was very tasty, and yes, the cream sauce was orgasmic, but for $19, I expect moments from the restaurant scenes of "The Ugly Truth" or "When Harry Met Sally," take your pick.If you've money to burn or have someone else paying for the bill, then this is your sushi stop near Old Town Scottsdale.
5	I came here for happy hour and everything was amazing. The atmosphere her is sexy and the sushi is so fresh it melts in your mouth. The happy hour specials run from 5-7pm and is a steal for what you get. They have a few appetizers priced at $5 and some more expensive appetizers are half off. Drinks are cheap too just stay away from their specialty drinks they are too sweet. If you like Mikes hard lemonade you'll probably think they're great!
4	Great place for happy hour - half price on enough things not to need to order anything twice, great setting, nice drinks.  Friendly staff, nice atmosphere.  We'll be back.
3	Food was decent- nothing that blew us away. Rice on the sushi seemed soggy.  Service was so-so. We felt rushed, timing of food was bad, and staff wasn't as knowledgable on the menu as I would expect for a place that has a lot of hype in this area.
4	I thought Suski Roku was great.  It is way better than any hotel restaurant I've been to (except David Burke's Primehouse, of course).  I had edamame, a california roll and a shima roll -- shrimp wrapped spicy tuna w/ cilantro and avocado.  They were both fresh and excellent.  The nice part was that I could see the sushi man actually making them about 25 feet away.  Nice!  I did think they needed more creative sushi rolls but was definitely happy with the two that I had.  The place looks great.  Nice tables, booths, everything.  A little dark with the lack of lighting but I'm fine with that--I know my dad would have complained about how hard it is to read the menu.  For hotel guests, I guess they serve non-Asian food here for breakfast and lunch.
3	I've been here 3 times and it's a lot of hype. FIrst of all the steak restaurant or fine dining atmosphere does not work with a sushi theme. They are trying to be the Nobu of Scottsdale and it comes off as a sushi version of Mortons. No the atmosphere is not sexy; the W hotel is sexy, Sushi Roku is not! The service is definitely rushed and I certainly enjoyed my time more at Stingray than Sushi Roku. I like the variety of the menu but the execution is amateur. The food is good but incredibly overpiced. I certainly have no problem paying 200-300 for a meal but it better be good and honestly the sushi at Stingray, Ra and Kyoto is better than this place. The only nice thing about this restaurant is that it is located in the W. However, don't expect to receive any perks at the W for dining here. It may be connected to it but it doesn't get you upstairs or past the W hotel bouncers in the lounge adjacent to the restaurant.
3	eh, we went on a tuesday night and the place was pretty dead.  It is a very cool space and after eating at the Vegas location i was excited to try it. it was Ok, nothing spectacular and the service was really spotty (even though they were pretty dead). Our sushi came out before our apps, which was not what we would have preferred and was very strange.  I am sure there are better places for sushi in Scottsdale.
4	Craving sushi in Phoenix is probably a death wish.  (Sorry Phoenix people, I'm from California where there's sushi galore!)  I couldn't find any decent sushi nearby, and since I was staying near the W, I yelped and found Sushi Roku!! (Thanks again yelpers!)  We got there in time for happy hour and enjoyed $5 appetizers and discounted rolls.  I had a bellini, my husband had a beer and we had a ton of food to share between us.  Delicious.  A little bit more on the pricey side, but very fresh and tasty.  It also made me feel better that this restaurant is a sister restaurant to Sushi Roku in Los Angeles (one of my friends' favorite places in LA).  :)Hmmm...just noticed some yelpers had breakfast here. Ew...sushi for breakfast just sounds kind of wrong!
4	Last night I went to Sushi Roku with a couple friends. We sat at the sushi bar around 8PM where the exec chef took personal care of our dinner orders. We ordered a bottle of chilled sake & some nice wine to compliment dinner. The chef prepared 4 signature dishes (sashimi style mackerel, toro, tuna, belly and $100 p/oz wasabi--not to be mixed with soy sauce!) as well as 6 specialty rolls. The fish was so incredibly fresh and meaty, the pricing was not bad at all. I heard they recently opened for breakfast but forgot to ask for that menu- I do like fish but cannot imagine a sushi omelet... to be determined soon. Service from our server was so-so but the chef's attention surely made up for it. The manager came over and introduced himself which is always a great touch!! I will be back, you can bet on it.
3	Okay. So they don't have Malibu Rum. But their sparkling sake is the bomb!! Food is okay. But really, are you going for the food... or the party??
4	Cool place in the W Hotel!  Great atmosphere and great happy hour prices!
2	Ambiance: 4 starsI would not come here for the food ever again! I remembered biting into a tempura veggie mix and it had the undercooked taste.  Sushi was very mediocre.  Awesome, eye candy scene (Cougars galore) but the quality of the food just was not up to par with the rest of the sushi/Japanese community.  And of course, way over priced!
1	I can't remember when I've actually spit out my food because it was so bad, but that's what happened to me with Sushi Roku's tofu.  I had ordered their "premium homemade tofu" three ways (truffles, caviar and lemon oil, scallions and sesame oil).  The tofu had this sourness that concerned me about its freshness...and then I literally spit out the truffle tofu because it had a rotten taste to it!  Bleh!!  I wasn't expecting great Japanese food in Phoenix, but I thought Sushi Roku would be a good bet since it's part of a group that has restaurants in SoCal and Vegas.  Wrong bet.The king crab miso soup tasted like the instant miso soup you buy at the grocery store with old frozen crab stuck in it.  Ironically, I had thought it'd be safer to minimize the sushi since I'm surrounded by desert, but the spicy scallop roll was the one item that was actually wasn't bad - nice chunks of scallops that weren't overly sauced.  I've had decent sushi/Japanese food in Phoenix before...but it was definitely not at Sushi Roku.  To add insult to injury, they charge high prices for the bad food and slow service.  Thank goodness I didn't get sick after eating that tofu!
4	As a New Yorker I have a pretty high standard when it comes to sushi. I found Sushi Roku to be a good spot for anyone visiting Scottsdale. The food was great - try the special rolls and the service outstanding. We selected a roll that we didn't like, they were quick to comp us (despite us not asking) and the manager stopped by to check on us. I found this refreshing. Seems like a good spot for groups.
4	Loved the decor. The "strawberry fizz" drink was delicious and had quite the kick without tasting alcoholic. Also had a taste of the "pear martini" which was a bit sweet for me but my dining partner loved it. The yellowtail carpaccio with peppers was yummy. Had to send back the rock shrimp because it was soggy and weird... ick! Tried some new things for sushi... liked my first taste of kanpachi, the ikura (one of my usual  favorites) was good, nothing special. Also tried uni--- really good! Had tried it once before but it wasn't fresh enough. Basically, you'll pay ridiculous prices but the fish quality is actually good. Mom had the chilean seabass which was pretty good except not cooked all the way through, ick! Service was great and our server was a sweetheart. Wouldn't rush back due to price, but it was still a fun, satisfying dinner with a few hiccups!
4	Mmmmm, Mmmmmm, Great food.  The popcorn shrimp here are to die for-they leave a wonderful lasting impression.  So does their desert plate...The service was wonderful and quick and attending to us.  Also, we had been lounging at the pool all day and were not looking so sharp but they didn't seem to have a dress code or anything as they were more than welcoming.  It is a bit pricey but i'm not sure you can expect anything less when going to a W Hotel.  I recommend this place to anyone who wants a more chic sushi experience, cool atmosphere, doesn't mind paying the extra dollar and enjoys tasty food.
5	I LOVED this place!  The sushi and sashimi were amazing and the presentation and service were wonderful!  My husband and I recently went to Sushi Roku on a date while visiting family in the Scottsdale area.  We are quite particular about the flavor and freshness of our sushi, but love to try new places when we get a chance.  We decided to go to Sushi Roku based on a recommendation from a friend who has been there.  We were SO glad we did!  The sushi was so fresh and flavorful and the presentation of the food and the service were just as wonderful. We also loved the atmosphere of the restaurant itself.  We chose to sit outdoors in a booth and the Scottsdale weather and the lighting were just perfect for an evening meal.  If you love sushi, you should definitely try this place.  We will definitely go back every chance we get.
2	I will say this, the sushi, once you finally get it is amazing so the two stars is for the sushi only. That is about all the nice things I have to say. I was here with a very large party for a friend's birthday. She warned them (and I do mean warned them) in advanced that it was going to be a large party so you would think that we would have maybe 3 or 4 servers for a party of 40. (not kidding on that number either) So the two servers we had were ok. I would usually name them by name, but alas I won't on this occasion because the service wasn't the best. I am not blaming the servers as they not only had our party of 40 but other tables as well. Anywho, my gripe is this. For a busy Saturday night, you would think that they would have enough people to handle all of the people that were at this restaurant. The bar was super slow, the sushi bar was well slow. Let's just say everyone else in our party of 40 were almost finished with their sushi by the time myself and another young lady finally got ours. Yes again , it was good, but wow, it took a very long time. We only had three rolls between the two of us. So don't got with a party larger than 6 max! I watched other tables with smaller parties get their food and drinks at record speed so size does matter in this situation. If you go, go early before it gets too busy so that you won't wait for your food or your drinks. Oh and it is a little pricey so be warned. I have no problem paying for good food, as long as the service is just as good. Catch my drift?
2	I was very disappointed in my Sushi Roku experience! Wanted a find a hip sushi spot in Scottsdale for a bachelorette party; my first thought was Stingray but they don't take reservations and I didn't want to chance it with a party of 14, so we made a reservation at Roku.Our party arrived in high spirits, already several bottles of champagne deep, decked out in bachelorette-party attire. No penis straws or necklaces - we stay classy - but lots beads, sashes, tiaras, etc. We had only one waiter assigned to our party of 14, which would have been fine if he had been more competent. He was slow (apparently both in server speed and intellect), boring and could not have been less friendly. We had to repeat our orders to him several times, he was awkward and strange, and didn't even comment on the fact that we were clearly celebrating a bachelorette party.The sushi came slowly and sporadically, was "ehhh" at best, and the cocktails were AWFUL. I had to send a couple back to the bar and I was already buzzing so you know they must have been pretty bad.The place is somewhat expensive too, so save your cash and check out other trendy sushi spots in town like Stingray, Kabuki...even RA is a better bet than this place.
4	Went here after supper at the Italian place in fashion square wasn't as fulfilling as we had hoped.First time eating toro and damn, it was worth every penny! We ended up getting a couple orders along with some spicy tuna roll (which was great) and some other sashimi which I failed to find out what it was but still tasty nonetheless. Along with a couple of the large Kirin beers, it was a treat to eat here. Loved it.
4	Great sushi here probably the best I've had. Now they just started happy hour Sunday to Thursday from 5-close. The happy hour menu has a good variety of rolls, appetizers and drinks for 5 each.
1	YAWN! this place is horridly expensive and the food is crap... seriously? but i suppose they have to have those prices to pay the decorator bill...
3	Decided to go with friends and check out their happy hour.  The atmosphere and setting very nice and clean, maybe because there was only two other parties in the restaurant.  The service was great, the waiter was very nice and helpful.  Sushi, I only had the california roll, but they do use real crab, plus their wasbi was really good, soo much better than Stingray, which in my opinion is over priced and not worth, and the rock thing, seriously, I don't know of any Asian that has a rock on their kitchen counter to set their rice spatula at home nor for their chopsticks.  I tried their Kobe sliders, I've had better at Roka.. I think if you are going to the W and the restraurant enjoy the sushi, serivce and maybe the drinks, but everything else, is up to you for review.
4	I went back to Sushi Roku for another bachelorette party and it was a complete 180 from my last review. They're having a great summer Happy Hour (even on weekends!) and we decided to be decadent and order one of everything. The sushi tasted fresh, the vegetable dishes - green beans, roasted eggplant - were flavorful and well cooked, and all of the meat dishes were great too. The cocktails were much better this time around, and cheaper, thanks to Happy Hour :) Our server was very friendly and fun, and even brought a complimentary round of champagne at the end of our meal to celebrate the bachelorette party. Sushi Roku totally won me over this time, I'm glad I gave it another shot.
4	I've heard good things about Sushi Roku, but I also heard it was quite pricey. That kind of made me hesitant to try it out since there's so many sushi places in Old Town Scottsdale. But last weekend I had dinner there, and it's definitely worth a try. The atmosphere is exactly what you'd expect from a restaurant inside a W Resort in Scottsdale. It's hip and trendy. If you hate the Old Town crowd, you may want to avoid this place on a Friday/Saturday night. The staff is super friendly. We had to wait a few minutes for our table (even though we had a reservation), so we hit up the bar. The bartender was really good about recommending some of their specialty drinks, and explaining what was in it. When we did get to our table the waiter was really good about guiding us through their menu. This place serves a lot more than the standard rolls you find everywhere else. We had a Toro and Jalapeno roll. Excellent. Exactly what it sounds like. A garden roll. Really good, it had a Mizuna sauce (think spicy mustard) which really enhanced the flavor. And a Crunch Spicy Tuna with Avocado. I was a fan, and I'm not usually too thrilled by tempura. The fish was all fresh and fantastic. Prices were a little more than most places in the area, but nothing to complain about. I would recommend anyone hit this place up with a group before heading over to the bars and clubs in the area.
4	Not much of a hang out in Scottsdale person, but we happened to stumble on a Groupon for this place one day.  (And it was an awesome Groupon)  The place had a very nice atmosphere and decor, and we went a little earlier so it wasn't super busy.  I always feel bad for the servers that get those groupons because I know some assholes dont tip very well when bills are discounted, but our server Zach, was upbeat and very helpful in helping us pick out menu items.  The quality of the fish was excellent.  The spicy tuna on the rice cake thing was soooooooo good.  This place is definitely pricey, but if you can afford it, its definitely worth it.
4	We were looking for a good sushi happy hour in Phoenix and decided to try Sushi Roku - it did not disappoint!  Walked into the restaurant at 7:30 and it was busy, but not crowded.  Patrons ranged from a group of business associates to an 18th birthday party.  To partake in the specials, we sat in the bar area.  Our server was extremely pleasant and attentive throughout the evening.  We started with the Sushi Roku vodka drink special, a Kirin and a cold sake.  ($3 for sake and $4 for the vodka)  Sake was unfiltered and slightly sweet - we really enjoyed it.  Could have done without the vodka drink, which was way too sweet and seemed nearly non-alcoholic.  Moving onto the food... we ordered the miso eggplant, which for $3 was delicious and a steal.  Also tried the spicy yellowtail roll (average), tuna tartare (slightly below average - was practically minced and not well seasoned) and the Kobe meatballs (great).Walked out with around a $40 tab and very pleased with the experience.  We'll definitely be back, as there were plenty of other specials on the menu which we didn't get to try.
1	What a bad time! We had reservations for 930 and didn't get seated until 10...well we got seated at a temporary table until the table we were supposed to have was ready...then we moved again! They didn't get ANY of the food right! Some of us didn't eat at all. We all left hungry. My ribs were good but fatty..not worth $20. I will not be returning. One star for decor.
2	Were they out of their minds when they gave this place more than two stars?  Have they never had sushi before?  Have they nothing to compare it to?  Is this what desert dwellers consider good sushi?  Gag me!Whose brilliant idea was it to place the sushi bar in the middle of the restaurant, and to seat every sushi bar patron with a loud greeting in Japanese as they were led to the bar as if they were royalty?  It was cute once or twice, but all of us sitting at our table by the entrance did not appreciate the fake sentiment by the end of our evening.  It was downright annoying.While ordering, our server asked if we had ever been to Sushi Roku before in such a manner as to suggest that it was going to be a once-in-a-lifetime dining experience.  When he indicated that their food is served "family style" we initially thought that it meant that we would share dishes, which wouldn't work too well when five out of seven of us were vegetarians.  When he explained that it simply meant that the food is brought out as it is completed by the kitchen, I pointed out the fact that what he really meant is that the kitchen is not organized enough to assure that we will all eat at the same time.  This is unacceptable at a so-called high end restaurant.I had to laugh at my vegetarian dinnermates.  They all ordered a tofu dish with what they called brown rice risotto.  After tasting the dish, which tasted like fried water, I understood why they thought the edamame was so good.  It's the only thing, other than the overpriced wine, that they actually tasted that night.As for myself, I went for the sushi assortment, or should I say, the rice cakes with slivers of raw fish placed atop them.  I guess not enough raw fish survived the trek across the desert.  The fish was carefully rationed. I actually took one of the rice cakes and put all of my sushi on it to make a rainbow roll.In the end, the server was right.  It was a once-in-a-lifetime dining experience for me.  Meaning, I'll never go back there.
2	Oh Sushi Roku, I really wanted to like you! I had heard such good things from friends and was so excited to finally try your sushi. But you definitely disappointed. I mean I do come from San Francisco, where you can find some of the most amazing, mind-blowing, met in your mouth sushi... so maybe I am biased. However I can name plenty of other sushi spots in Scottsdale where you can get bigger, tastier rolls for the same price or less (like Sushi Brokers, for example). Including our tip, the bill was about $150.... For two people!! We ordered miso soup, an appetizer, a bottle of wine (that was half off because of a Sunday special they had going on) and 4 rolls. Now I don't mind paying $75 per person if the food is outstanding, but these rolls were below average and I didn't leave feeling satisfied. Nothing to write home about.Save your money and hit up Stingray or Geisha during their happy hour. Or, head on over to Sushi Brokers or Sushi on Shea in North Scottsdale but don't waste your $$$ at Sushi Roku. It's totally not worth the over priced menu!
4	Love sitting at the sushi bar, the chef's are always super friendly and really fun to watch. The urchin with the quail egg is a MUST for all you sushi lovers.
4	Made the long trip to Scottsdale from Goodyear to check out Sushi Roku and to celebrate our friend's birthday. Beautiful atmosphere and tasty sushi made this a nice experience. I wouldn't say it's the best sushi I've had, but well worth the visit. Our only complaint would be the 45+ minutes we waited for our check after completing our meal. Granted, it was Saturday night and the place was fairly busy, but come on...After we FINALLY got our bill...gulp....the prices are very high...we ventured upstairs to the open air lounge which is nestled near the W hotel's pool, which I've heard is an experience all in it's self. Lounge was small and a little noisy for us 30+ yr olds...LOL! Nice experience...would return again.
3	The sushi sucked.The service sucked. Food presentation was awful. The cocktails rock.The best thing about this place is that it is connected to the W Hotel. Visit Roku solely for the cocktails and ambiance, eat prior.
5	I was en route to Japan, when I flew over the W hotel in Scottsdale. I looked down and noticed a bunch of cool tables and booths located next to the sidewalk. I couldn't make out what the sign in front said because I was already at 2500 ft. and ascending. I asked the guy next to me if he knew, and he said " I'm in the middle seat, I can only see wingtips you moron".  So I made a mental note to myself  to find out which restaurant was located there. 2 weeks later, I had returned. I found out that it was Sushi Roku. I thought to myself, there's no way it could it be as good as the sushi I just had in Japan for the last 2 weeks. Well, Ive only been wrong 3 times in my life before the day I ate at Sushi Roku. Now I can honestly say Ive been wrong 4 times. I had no idea how fantastic everything is here. The decor blew me away from the get go. It's an interior designers heaven. Very modern and clean. I was floored by the warm greetings and smiles my wife and I received right as I walked in the door. Now then, there's sushi and then there's Sushi. The Toro sashimi I had was so fresh, I thought it was gonna swim right out of my mouth!! I mean Harrow!!!  Everything from the Filet Wrapped Asparagus to the Shima roll was fantastic. Ironically, our servers name was Ross too. Classic.  He was able to answer any questions we had, and he also suggested several menu items that we ended up ordering, which lead me to write this review. God he was impressive. Fantastic experience overall.  I cant wait to go back!!
5	Sitting at the sushi bar here is the best. The two times I've been here, they've had a good variety of fresh fish here, more than what I've found at other sushi places around town. Finally I've found my amberjack sashimi!!!If you're looking for some great selection of fresh sashimi, come here!
5	I don't eat seafood. I have no business reviewing this place, right? Well, my boyfriend had a craving for sushi while we were passing through on a cross country road trip. So we stopped in Phoenix for the evening and this spot came with highest recommendations. Panko encrusted salmon for him and veggie rolls for me. I barely saw the plate set down before the salmon was devoured. The veggie roll however...man, did they put some spin on a pretty basic dish. I'm never wowed by sushi restaurants simply because I never order anything wow-able. They sure proved me wrong. Totally filling, deliciously flavorful and made exactly to my particular orders (not too big, rice paper, no seaweed, etc. etc.). We had the pesto tomato mozzarella salad and chicken satay (both specials) as well and while they were devoured pretty quickly they just don't stick out in my mind like those veggie rolls. A pretty innocuous dish that most would likely never seek out but if you have a finicky friend on the fence about joining you for a night at Sushi Roku, they cannot go wrong with this order.
2	I went to Sushi Roku for the first time last night because I had purchased a Groupon for $40 dinner. I'm probably never coming back.We ordered:-Edamame hummus with wonton chips (not so good.. bland.. weird texture)- Mackerel sashimi 4 pc (best thing we had)- Eel and avocado roll (2nd best but very average)- Shrimp tempura with asparagus (less than average, not crunchy at all)- Crunchy tuna roll with avocado (TERRIBLE. It was NOT crunchy, it was MUSHY)- Peach saketini (I enjoyed this). The best part about dinner was the mackerel sashimi. Our waiter told us to look on the first page of the menu because those items were 'the freshest'.. made me nervous. Is everything else not as fresh??Service from the sushi chefs was great. Service from the waiter was awful. He didn't come up to us for nearly AN HOUR. We waited for our check for 15 minutes after I asked for it. There were only 4 parties in the whole restaurant.Had I not had a coupon, I would not have gone and I'll probably never come back. There are TONS of sushi places in the Phoenix area that are much better and cheaper. Aesthetically, the bar is set up nicely. The sushi bar has a neat tree centerpiece. But the hostesses look like trash and the waiters are too busy huddled in a corner to notice their parties.
3	The food was delicious, but the service, while enthusiastic, was slow.  We had the tofu appetizer, which was very fresh and flavorful.  I especially liked the tofu with the truffle.  We decided to get entrees rather than sushi for our meals, so I can't say anything really for the sushi despite it being part of the restaurant's name.  The entrees had a very generous amount of food on them, and were pretty tasty.  Part of the price tag on your menu is reflected in the atmosphere, and while the meal I had was good, I probably could get something with similar quality for cheaper at a different Japanese fusion type restaurant.
4	This was a night of new taste experiences for me.  We arrived and the atmosphere was very light, ambient, and loungy.  No surprises since this is at the W Hotel.  The restaurant staff was very friendly, and we were greeted fairly quickly.  We ordered the edamame which was a first for me, (I'm behind the times on this one)  A nice different taste.   I ordered a blackberry smash which was nothing short of wonderful.  I definitely could have ordered a double.  Another person in our party had a cold sake that I found was soo good, I had to try it twice.  Our waiter was very friendly, down to earth and low key.  Amongst us we ordered some sushi, I ordered the Ji-Dori chicken and the other person in our group ordered the Braised Pork.  Apparently they were out of pork so that was not available which was a disappointment.   Food was out at a decent time and the sauce with the mushrooms and potatoes had a wonderful zing and afterbite.  Our sushi eater had his eyes rolling back the entire time with his head agaisnt the booth so I can only assume the experience was nothing short of orgasmic.  We only had a small snafu with a groupon discount, but that was corrected without issue.  I'll be sure again to come to try the pork and have multiple blackberry smashes.  Even though I have not been won over to try sushi, I'm more than willing to have this restaurant experience again.
3	I would definately agree with some other reviewers that this is an ambience place. At that, it is gorgeous. The food was pretty good but really nothing spectacular. Some interesting technique to put sticky rice on a kabab which gave the rice a nice texture. I saved up my OpenTable rewards points to go here on Valentine's day and ended up feeling guilty when we left. Staff was nice but I am all about the food and this place just didn't cut it for me, especially for the price/hype.
3	This is really only for the breakfast served at the W hotel...I didn't eat here during lunch or dinner...but bfast was good.  It's a little pricey, but the service is super friendly and the restaurant itself is nice.  Swanky.It was uber convenient so all good with me.
3	Halibut.  Yellow-tail belly. Seaweed salad. Katana roll, Tori Jalapeno.  Sushi Chef.Dinner was good, service has been generally good on most dinners here, but every so often I will get left alone and not helped properly.The sushi is generally good however, extremely over priced compared to other sushi places in the area.Very trendy and worth a visit, however, unless you are staying at the W, i doubt it would become a regular stop, outside of their AMAZING happy hour specials.
2	Expected an amazing experience... Was a bit let down. Sushi was ok - but not creative at all. Was trying not to compare, but the sushi at Virago in Nashville is leaps and bounds better (try the Ecuador roll!). Server was pushy and annoying. Was glad to get out of there and get to the "Living Room" at our hotel - the W Scottsdale where Sushi Roku resides.  Tip: if you stay at the W you get a card for a free "appetizer tasting" at sushi roku. This ended up being just an amuse from the chef that they "took off the bill" because of the card we received - and after lots of questions about what we liked and didn't like - 2 meatballs came out as the amuse. That is NOT an appetizer tasting experience - it was an amuse - which in nashville means super cool thing a chef makes that is free and makes you happy. NOT the same at Sushi Roku. Left me disappointed.
1	I rarely give one star; however, this dining experience was one of four bad ones. Having given this a chance over and over, I'm throwing Sushi Roku under the bus.Three of the four times I've dined here, the drinks came after the food.  The front staff are friendly but some of the staff was down-right rude. I've worked in the service industry for years and cannot believe the attitudes of the servers.One of the servers lied to us and told us they were out of pitchers because she didn't want to sell $15.00 pitchers.  The manager actually admitted that she lied and there were plenty of pitchers.  She also lied on our tab and took advantage of a large table who would have tipped more than 30% had she been honest and courteous.The food I would rate, okay.  I find that they don't use the best ingredients and inexpensive soy sauces, etc.  I would definitely not recommend this place to anyone.  If you want bad service in a convenient W Hotel location, go for it, but Roka Akor far surpasses Sushi Roku.
2	Love the W but don't love that this is where I had to eat breakfast when i was there for my stay-cation.  Don't get me wrong, the Eggs Benny are fantastic and the sushi is too, but the pricing is eye-popping-high and the service "yokunai desu!!"  Kind of expect a jacket-required/reservation needed for their Shibuya style high prices but maybe they want to weed out the $ 30k millionaires.  Um, we're not in Tokyo anymore, Toto.  Since there are no other options when dining at the W, I will have to admit, I will probably be back, but not by choice.
3	We came on a Sat night with reservations. The place was busy. Super busy. They tried to seat us on a wet booth and looked at me like I was crazy when I declined. We waited at the bar for 20 minutes for a table. The wait on our order for 6 rolls - was 45 minutes. Just to get one of our rolls. The drinks were served fast- I will give them that. We ended up leaving though we weren't full- just to head somewhere else. Food tasted fine. Nothing extraordinary. Service was good. Not her fault. Kitchen was super slow - they did take the rolls off our bill to apologize.Maybe you will go on a less busy night.
3	My only complaint is they are pricey compared to other quality sushi restaurants ie sakana on Hayden and Indian school but the food was good service was good and the ambience is comfortable
4	Loved all the sushi and plates we ordered. Excellent service and a nice place to eat. Maybe a bit pricey but in a special occasion its worth it. I don't recall anything I didn't like so if you like sushi in general you can try anything and will be really good. The only thing I remember not liking as much was the spring rolls with strawberries for dessert. All other desserts were really good.
1	What's sad about this review is that my husband and I never even tried the food! We went on a busy Saturday night and were fine with the 45 minute wait. However, after an hour my husband asked the hostess how much longer for the wait and we were told our seats were given to one of their regular customers! How do they expect to gain new regular customers this way?  We had money to spend!!  We were offered a round of free drinks, and after waiting so long, we decided to give it another try. We were suckers like that. When we finally got our table, we noticed a bunch of other empty tables all around us. We received our menus, and the waiter never came back! We waited an additional 10 minutes and I had to leave before I threw a tantrum. I have to say, in all my years of eating out, this was definitely the worst experience I've ever had, I'll never be back and I have informed all I know how horrible this place treats potential customers.
2	So I usually try not to eat sushi in cities so far from the coast. But we came here for my bachelorette party because one of my friends has celiacs and can't eat gluten anything. So Japanese tends to be safest for her.The sushi wasn't bad.. I didn't get sick so thats a plus! I did venture into some raw fish and it was okay. Not fresh like what you get in SF.. but okay. But really.. for the price, I'd never go back.. its super expensive for what you get. And my teeny bottle of sake was double what it would have been at a restaurant in SF (and triple just buying it at a store).The staff was nice, everything looked pretty. But two stars because I have experienced better.. a lot and I will probably never go back.
5	I have just experience food heaven and a food coma all in one! I have always wanted to try this place because I have heard such good things. Their sunset menu before a show at the Gammage Theater was the perfect excuse. Honestly it was such a good deal for so much food and such tasty options. I went with my sister and we each tried something different off the menu and shared. For starters we got the edamame hummus and garden salad. The wonton chips with the hummus were so good and the salad was so light and refreshing. For the second course I got the vegetable tempura and popcorn shrimp. Both of which were good, but I would go with the shrimp. The vegetable tempura was good but a bit heavy before the final course. I got the salmon as my main course and my sister got the filet. The salmon was perfectly cooked, but I didn't need the rice and the sauce was slightly too sweet for me. The filet was so good with a great teriyaki sweet sauce and perfectly smooth mashed potatoes. Our waitress was very knowledgeable and helpful in our selections and the ambiance was nice. Not super crowded but we had an early reservation. I want to go back and try the rest of the menu.
3	Yummy mix of traditional and Californian style sushi - some wicked combinations but a little bastardised at times [sacrificing the simple elegance of quality ingredients for loud and bold flavours].  Flavour comment above may be more of a personal preference than a 'criticism' as I enjoy the simplicity of more traditional Japanese fare.Busy vibe and great service.Favourite dishes: yellowtail sashimi with crispy onions, fillet wrapped asparagus and the sinful [yet shamefully un-Japanese] mouth watering popcorn shrimp morsels.
5	Will make this short and sweet. Been there twice and both times the food and service was fantastic. I can't say enough on how great the food is. A little pricey but in my opinion well worth it!!
4	Located in the W Hotel in Scottsdale.  Great sushi dishes and a great atmosphere.  I've only been there once but the service was great and the food was very taste and fresh.
4	This is a great place for groups. It's loctaed in the W Hotel. Good location. Every time a group walks in the chefs make lots of noise. They gave shots on the house and made the meal quite enjoyable!The sushi was good, not spectacular but very good!
5	Delicious!  There's one in LA that we used to go to, and the AZ one is just as good even though we're landlocked here!  Must gets are the:  -Spicy tuna on crispy rice  -Marinated Cod  -Baked crab hand roll in soy paper
5	This is my favorite sushi in the valley, especially when someone else is paying because it's pretty pricy. The sushi always tastes incredibly fresh and the menu has several creative options. I'm not usually a big fan of yellowtail but a friend insisted I try their yellowtail sashimi appetizer. The fiand was so fresh and delicate and the ponzu sauce was so fantastic that I had to restrain myself from licking the plate. I tried big eye tuna sashimi for the first time here and was blown away. I've since tried it at other places and it didn't come close to the flavor and texture of the dish at sushi roku. We had some standard rolls which were also great but my absolute favorite thing I had was the lobster Roll with soy paper and a misoyaki butter sauce. It was so unbelievably delicious! I've been back several times for that roll alone. The ambience is very cool and is great for a special occasion or business dinner.
3	Sushi Roku is a cute chic restaurant inside the W, but I was unimpressed with the semi slow service and small variety of sushi variety on the menu.  All in all, I think it's a good place to hang out in groups because of the decor and the drink selection.
1	Happy hour from 5-6:30? What's the point?!
4	Great location, ambiance, and food...who would have thought you could get quality sushi in the desert???Yes it's more California style sushi vs. traditional but more mass appeal for a place like Scottsdale.  Baked lobster roll was absolutely delicious.  Spent about $200 for 4 people, but we did have sake, wine and beer to go with our meal.  Would gladly come back.
4	Delicious decor and stylish food!  Great Bento box for late lunch.  Nice service and professional management.
5	Probably the best sushi in town. Fresh fish - always ! (not easy in AZ)We always enjoy the strong drinks . Not much changes in the menu and the specials repeat, so I would like to see more creativity but overall I love this place! The bar upstairs should be open for people who eat at the restaurant. You should not sand in line or pay the bouncer to get in after you spent $200 at the restaurant... I would definitely recommend trying this place! I think they have great happy hours and summer specials right now. Worth a try !
5	My favorite upscale sushi in scottsdale. The W hotel is beautiful and Roku is no different. The vibe is upbeat with trendy music playing in the background. Everyone in the restaurant is sexy and dressed to impress. Great date place or pre-party place in walking distance of many clubs nearby.
3	Good standard sushi
4	Even though the happy hour pisses me off I still have a soft spot for Sushi Roku. I have spent many special occasions here. The restaurant is beautiful and the food is sinful. I have yet to find better sushi anywhere else. I recommend trying the popcorn shrimp it will change your life!
5	Pretty sure I died and went to sushi heaven after eating here last night! Sat down at the sushi bar and had the most entertaining sushi chefs! I tried their recommendations of the hirame (winter halibut) and rotate (sea scallops), both sashimi style was out of this world!! Freshest and best selection I have enjoyed in a long time!! For drinks, went with hot sake but they do serve quite a collection of wine, specialty drinks (which I will have to try next time) and other sakes.Expensive but worth it!! Location, ambiance and food here made for a great evening!Thank you Sushi Roku!
2	Eh, was somewhat disappointed at the food really. It seemed like the chef over tried when dishes came out. Sometimes less IS more and that wasn't a part of the restaurant that day. I'll go again for another chance though :)
4	My sister and brother-in-law took me here for a late dinner raving about how awesomely good this place is. And I have to say, they did not lie. The dishes here are amazing.My sister favorite is the sea bass cooked or steamed in some way that is melts in your mouth. Not literally, but the fish meat is very tender and the sauce has a hint of sweetness. Too bad it isn't on the menu anymore as we were told.We also several sushi rolls and those were good as well.Service was excellent. Granted it is located in a hotel, so that is sort of expected.The decor is trendy with a lounge like ambiance. There are actually several locations, so this is definitely a place I need to check out in L.A.
5	This elegant restaurant is located in the W hotel and its entrance was a bit hard to find at first, but just go into the valet area and the door is right there. My bf and I came here for dinner on a Friday night and it was amazing! Our server was very helpful and efficient. She was on top of things and gave wonderful recommendations. The restaurant manager even came out to make sure that we had everything we needed and that we were enjoying our meal. Really classy, Seriously, their sushi was some of the freshest I had ever had! We had an assortment of sashimi. The grilled salmon was my favorite. It came with mashed potatoes and hijiki seaweed. The creme brulee was to die for! The perfectly torched sugar gave a nice sticky crunchy bite to the creamy filling which was adorned with mixed berries. It was a pack of sweetness and tartness. Truly, a wonderful way to finish off an incredible dinner.
3	Our second time here was good, not great, not special. We won't go back for a full meal, just late night snack. Love the decor and the upscale modern feel. It's a great place for a date. We like to walk through the W Hotel entrance to enjoy the lounge scene. Another plus is going to the W pool deck to hang out and schmooze post sakeThe food was expensive and good. To drop a couple of big bills and not be wowed is criminal. We had some winner dishes and the only real loser was some kind of steak skewer. Our server kept pointing us to the specials. We like to sit at the bar and watch the artistry of the food being prepared. We tried a number of times to encourage the chef to be creative with a particular item ie, sea eel to no avail. It was right off the "special" menu and very tasty but not an eye roller. Guess these specials are tried and true throughout the entire chain of sushi restaurants this group owns. Perhaps therein lies the problem, the CHAIN effect... cookie cutter sushi; good and satisfying, but not memorable.
2	Swanky looking place inside the W Hotel --- ooooh...ahhhhh!  Let's check out the exotic cars parked outside -- ooooooh...ahhhhh! Let's try out the food............ ..... ..... ..... ..... ..... .....Pretty cool place to hangout if I wanted to be seen with cool crowd I guess (my mom said I was cool....) I didn't think their sushi and rolls were to too exciting. I guess they had to please the crowd and what's hip and cool.  The only thing exotic is parked outside, not on the menu.  Pretty basic and mediocre at best. Nothing I haven't seen. Service was good overall and attentive.  Ambience is like a lounge and smooth.  I felt like I back in Hollywood Blvd hanging at Katana's. - Enjoy
5	This is sushi and service at its finest, though you will pay for it. I'd suggest dressing up for this place. After dinner try the W hotel's rooftop bar.
5	My girlfriends and I had dinner there on a Friday night. Our table was not ready when we got there but we sat in the bar area and enjoyed one of their delicious specialty cocktails. We had excellent customer service both from the waitress and even the GM stopped by our table more than once to check on us. Both had excellent recommendations and everything we tried was delicious. Stick with the classic plates and you won't be disappointed.I thought the pricing was on par with every good sushi place that I have been too. I even thought it was reasonable.
2	Came here for lunch today. Was a little disappointed in the service and food. The restaurant is connected to the W Hotel in Scottsdale, great location. The interior of the restaurant is really nice and modern. As for the service, the waitress took about 15 minutes to come by the table to get our drink order. Once she did, it took another 10 minutes for us to get our drinks. We then ordered the food. She brought out the first order of suchi and had forgotten to bring our edamame for our appetizer. We then asked her for it. Then she brought out another dish and forgot half of it. We then sat for another 15 minutes before any other food came out. I asked the waitress what was taking so long (since there was only 2 others tables in the entire restaurant), she said that everyone was ordering sushi and they were busy. That wasn't the brightest response because 1 we are at a sushi restaurant, so of course people will be ordering sushi, 2 she only had 3 tables to wait on. Once we did get our sushi, the rolls fell a apart. So it just seemed as though everything was just not up to par, especially for the amount of money you pay. As for the food itself, we had the following:Spicy Tuna hand rollSoftshell Crab RollRock Shrimp Jalapeno RollCucumber RollKobe SkewerThe food itself wasn't bad, it was more of the experience that wasn't great.
4	I lived in NY for while before I moved here to Scottsdale. Sushi Roku makes me miss NY a little less -- not just b/c of the cool decor and the semi-fancy without being too pretentious ambiance, but b/c the food is really good and the manager and chef are extremely friendly and genuine, which is how they are in NY. I don't go out that much, so when I do, I want it to be a relatively meaningful experience. The food is amazing -- MUST get the popcorn shrimp app which is the most elegant lightly fried shrimp I've ever had. The sushi rolls are great. Try not to get a super young server, there's one I won't name who kind of sucks. Other than that, it's a great experience.
3	Two nights in a row.  There's nothing wrong here.  But the sushi boss is a bit too aloof for us mere peasants. The setting is near perfect and the other staff is accommodating.  Maybe the sushi boss thinks Phoenix is beneath is talents.  Perhaps it is, but then he ought to return to LA.   Or perhaps my Interest in ordering for myself doesn't  provide him the ego gratification needed to command his attention,
3	Have had why better sushi at a handful of places. I guess by it being in the lobby area helps with the rating of this place. $12 for 4 slices of octopus is way over priced by about $4. The place does look nice thats for sure. Would not go back unless I'm suffering from toxic silicon sickness from all the silicon in the swimming pool upstairs
5	I cannot remember a better sushi experience.  One roll was OK (don't remember which one) but everything else was amazing.  Spicy sliced-sashimi tuna appetizer and fruit spring rolls for desserts were 'perfect' bookends.On top of the food, cocktails, wine, the service and scenery were all top shelf.  Gotta go back.
4	Excellent service despite the very busy night we were there.  The bar area was alive and had very attentive bartenders.  Upstairs in the VIP area...  bartenders were not attentive it took over 10 minutes before leaving because we were never asked or offered to order a drink.  My order was correct and delicious for dinner!
4	Came here for Arizona Restaurant Week although I'd been here once before. The tasting menu was a GREAT opportunity to sample their sushi offerings as well as some of their other entrees.I'm still a bit of a sushi virgin and while I thoroughly enjoyed everything, my more seasoned sushi-eaters said that they had had better. They offered a braised pork belly that was fantastic and as one who does not like miso soup AT ALL, I LOVED the miso that was served at Sushi Roku.We were puzzled that the sake we ordered was served cold as we're used to warm sake, Our server, who was awesome (and a ginger I might add) explained that warming of sake is usually done to make the lower quality sakes more flavorful.....not too sure about that. So all in all the sake was not the best we'd had but we made the most of it.The atmosphere is cool and the service is great. I would recommend it to anyone and there are some great dishes for any sushi-haters to enjoy.
4	Hands down the best spicy tuna roll everrrr.Fun atmosphere, great waitstaff, awesome lighting.  :)Will definitely go back.
4	Great food & service.
5	Asked the server if the chef did omakase and we were very pleased with what came out of the kitchen and from the sushi bar. Great service decor and food.
3	Very Swanky Restaurant!  The sushi was decent and the cost moderate.  I had the seaweed salad, spicy tuna roll and asparagus/spicy shrimp roll.  Spicy tuna was definitely the best of all three dishes.  I'm not sure what kind of spices are in the roll, but it's definitely very good.I would go back.
4	This place has been reviewed enough that I really can't add anything more.  Good food although the hot stuff especially the beef wrapped asparagus things were better than anything raw.  I don't think I'm going to be invited back.  I started doing saki bombs...I know weird when's it's just two people and I kept getting the shot glass stuck somehow in the beer glass.  The waitress was going nuts I could see the sushi chef giving me a stink eye...big mess.  In fairness to them I don't think it was the glasses but somehow I was dropping them wrong in my drunken state.  My apologies so I'm giving them an extra star.  I am sure they know who I am from this review.  I apologize deeply.
4	Went here for the dinner the other night.  Sat at the sushi bar and enjoyed several pieces of very fresh sushi.  The Saba, Salmon, Hamachi and Halibut were very good.The pieces could have been a bit bigger, but the quality of the fish was excellent.  Will have to try some of the other menu items next time, but wasn't really hungry since I had a big lunch earlier in the day.
3	Since I gave this restaurant a 3-star, here are my justification or valid reasons:First the the not so good: Roku sushi is sub-par in terms of their sushi rolls. the rolls are comparable to Ra's, which is not saying a lot. It's not terrible but if you enjoy good quality and non pureed fish in your rolls then this is not the place for you. Of course they are some fried food on the menu that many can not mess up so this is a viable option. The price is fairly high but I guess that comes with the territory of being in Scottsdale.The good: The ambiance, setting, environment etc. is extraordinary. It's a fairly upscale place but one can also go in casual. It's a great place to take a date or group of friends before you head out to the bars and clubs in Scottsdale. Upstairs on the rooftop is unbelievable. There is a pool and lounge that is quite trendy and hip if your into that. I spoke with the bartender and he said they hold some good parties up there. It reminds me of something you see in Vegas, very cool. with the aforementioned, the quality of food (so so) and the atmosphere (excellent) balances each other out. thus, I think it's safe to say, based on those criterion that Roku deserved a 3-star rating.
5	I love Sushi and have tried many Sushi places in the area, but for some reason kept missing out on Sushi Roku...well, a nice gentleman decided to take me there for my birthday dinner and what a treat!!  We were seated at a cozy booth with a view of the sushi bar, which is perfect if you want an intimate dining experience but you want to observe the excitement of the sushi bar in action.  Our waiter greeted us right away and he was outstanding throughout the whole evening!  Unfortunately I did not catch his name.  He told us about the Arizona Restaurant week menu and the alcohol and the 'real' menu...I had major conflicts of interest!  We ended up opting for a feast of a little bit of everything Hahah! We ordered two options on the AZ restaurant week menu because the variety of the options was impressive!  Seemed like a great way to try a bit of everything since we had never eaten there!  And I had to try one of the Signature rolls; when I go to Sushi places I like to try their 'specialty' or something weird and unique!  As for the drinks I ordered white wine (Citra Pinot Grigio, Italy) to go with the mounds of fish coming our way and my date opted for kirin Ichiban beer, and the AZ restaurant week menu surprised us with a complimentary Roku Fusion Cocktail!The Breakdown: The signature roll we chose was the Tako Roll: Spicy Octopus; it was my FAVORITE thing of the night!  I find sometimes at sushi restaurants when they say spicy it is just more like a bit of a zing that you have to spice up with Wasabi, but Sushi Roku wasn't lying!  It came with spicy tuna dressing the top of the octopus roll and an interesting spicy reddish sauce drizzled across the top...Delicious!!! Great way to start the evening! 1st course:  I chose 'Appetizers From the Sea' because I love fish, which came with Tuna Tataki, Salmon Sashimi and Tai Usuzukuri.  And my date chose 'Appetizers from the Farm' which entailed Kobe beef skewers, Fillet Mignon wrapped Asparagus, and Crispy Ji-Dori Chicken.  My favorites from each (yes we shared) were the Salmon Tataki, which had an amazing sauce (Truffle Tamari Soy) and the Kobe Beef Skewer (black pepper sauce)...my date liked the Tuna Tataki (close 2nd for me) and the asparagus wrapped with fillet Mignon (amazing).  We both decided we would forever pass on the Tai Usuzukuri (very blah) and the Crispy Ji-Dori chicken (over fried and just blah compared to the others).  2nd course: I opted for the 5 pieces of Roku Signature Style Sushi (Tai, Yellowtail, Salmon, Albacore, Tuna), accompanied with 3 pieces of Spicy Salmon Cut Roll and 3 pieces of California Cut Roll.  It was all quite amazing and a great assortment!  I loved the albacore sashimi!  But it was all good because I love tuna in general!  My date ordered the Grilled sirloin steak "Japonaise" with Japanese style potatoes; it was a pleasant surprise because we both didn't know what to expect.  It was a big tender steak with a unique gingery sauce and the potatoes and green beans that accompanied it were also Delicious.  Both plates left the table empty!  And yes still going: 3rd course:  DESSERT! The waiter brought out both the Mini Chocolate Volcano and a Fresh Fruit Sorbet!  They were both tasty but we could unfortunately barely eat them because we were so full!  The Sorbet tasted very fresh and fruity with beautiful fresh strawberries.  I love chocolate, so the Chocolate Volcano was decadently rich and wonderful, in which I dipped the fresh Strawberries from the other dessert; YUM! Oh and when the surprise Roku Fusion drink showed up we were amazed at such a great Restaurant Week deal for $30!  BTW they did not skimp on the alcohol ;)  If you ever want to try Sushi Roku, Arizona Restaurant Week is a great time to go because you get a great variety from the menu!  It was a wonderful experience for us when we were just expecting to try a few different rolls and drinks!!  I should also note the Tako Roll (spicy octopus) was not included with the Restaurant Week special.  I know I will be back because their anniversary falls on the same day as my birthday (September 26th) and everything on the menu is half off!!! WooHoo!  And one last thanks to my anonymous server!  I hope I get to enjoy your service again! As much as the sushi bar looks enjoyable and fun; I wouldn't have traded that for such an excellent dining experience!
4	If I could give this 3.5 stars I would. The food is a solid 3 - really nothing special, especially considering the price. It's not bad, but it doesn't stand out. The ambiance is a 4. the place is beautiful.
5	Absolutely one of my favorite sushi places in all of the state...the filet wrapped asparagus is amazing, spicy tuna on crispy rice cakes are great, all the sashimi rules, the baked crab roll...unlike anything I've ever had, delicious. They have awesome happy hour specials but beware its a very small inside bar, so get there early.  They have amazing mixologists and always have a nice seasonal drink menu.
5	Toby is the man at the sushi bar. I've had some only okay experiences here, but last night was a 5 star night. And Sunday's bottles of sake are half price.  Shishto Peppers are a must as well as the crab hand roll.
4	Located in the W Hotel in Old Town Scottsdale, this hipster hangout is always busy.  I recommend a reservation if you're planning to dine here.  The Better Half and I drop in here from time to time.  Since I don't eat Sushi, I order:Ji-Dori Chicken Skewers withTeriyaki Sauce - $10http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/DwP10iEz5LGf3fhcVQZm0Q?select=x_60nAIMvJX9k_s9HAPiOAFilet Mignon wrapped Asparagus with Soy Mirin Sauce - $15http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/DwP10iEz5LGf3fhcVQZm0Q?select=19cHPtx8ahwZTPC5xIARFQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/DwP10iEz5LGf3fhcVQZm0Q?select=_4XhXTuYKQnypHmylm-mQgAnd for Dessert, a warm Chocolate Cake...yum!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/DwP10iEz5LGf3fhcVQZm0Q?select=KoyBtoSTBrhM2dLD8zs_PAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/DwP10iEz5LGf3fhcVQZm0Q?select=iKBiwthdGtENIqWfGK1V1AThe Chicken Skewers are very tasty.  The Teriyaki Sauce they are glazed are sweet and have the right amount of "sour" kick to it to balance the flavor.  The Filet Mignon wrapped Asparagus is awesome...the Filet is tender and juicy and the Asparagus compliments it well.  Of course, the Chocolate Cake dessert is a nice ending for the meal.The service can be a bit slow at times, depends on the server.  Generally speaking, it's pretty good considering how busy they are.The people watching here is pretty good...watching all of the hipsters is hilarious.Return Factor - 93%
5	If I am in the Old Town area of Scottsdale mid-day, this is my go-to lunch spot. It's never loud at lunch and the atmosphere is totally different from a dinner service there, far more tranquil. It is a place I meet clients for lunch frequently because it is never louder than a dull roar.  For lunch, get one of their Custom Bento Boxes. In the bento box you get to pick two options I get mine with Chicken Kara-age (which I think tastes somewhat like KFC, minus their extra grease) and sashimi which is six pieces consisting of two of each of the following fish, yellowtail, salmon and tuna. One day they were out of regular tuna sashimi and they had to give me fatty tuna (Toro), what a fantastic mistake that was for me and my happy tummy.I think I read someones review that called the place a "hipster hangout" I've never heard a more inaccurate statement made about this particular establishment. Hipsters like PBR and indie music, all they will get at Sushi Roku is a Sapporo and some fantastic yellowtail. I would call this place "hip" though, the decor is very intimate and interesting, especially at night and they do a very good job of being trendy which of course attracts the people that want to be "seen". What I mean is Hipster, no. Beautiful people and wanabees, yes. Having said that, I do not think there is a restaurant I have ever seen more actual celebrities at in Scottsdale than this one, recent spottings include Kristen Schaal and Rainn Wilson.  For dinner appetizers you can't go wrong with the yellowtail with diced chiles or the hanabi. For mains you can do the "omakase" at the sushi bar if you've got the deep pockets and adventurous appetite or just stick with the ribeye with Japonais sauce which is an umami overload!
5	Came here with my fellow Yelper Miss Lisa E, and very much enjoyed this upscale, fun, trendy restaurant.  Located within the W Hotel, makes a great spot for happy hour with friends, or a date night. The way the food is prepared, makes typically "scary" sushi a lot less intimidating for sushi rookies like me who don't typically eat things like octopus, eel, etc.  Everything I tried was quite delicious. I would suggest the fillet wrapped asparagus, and pretty much any of the rolls. The service was impeccable, its almost as if they knew we Yelpers, but seems like they are just that good! Looking forward to coming back.
5	I recently spent the better part of a week at the W Hotel in Scottsdale.  Of course I picked the coldest few days seen in recent years in Phoenix!Very happy to find that the "hotel restaurant" was Sushi Roku!  I'd been there once before in LA.Some highlights....-- very creative, out of the box options-- extremely knowledgable wait team-- impeccable serviceA few of my favorites that our group enjoyed....1.  Black Truffle Tempura Handroll 2. Filet Mignon wrapped Asparagus3.  The triple desert sampler (chocolate "lava" cake was awesome!"While it wasn't cheap -- it was well worth the cost.  I knew it was pricey when I walked in, but the amazing menu, outstanding wait staff, and quality make you forget about the price!
3	Good music great service. Been a fan and a frequent customer of the Hollywood Roku. The sashimi was marginal but other specialties were as expected. Also the drinks were better than the Hotel bar!
3	Went there for my daughters birthday. Great ambience and very comfortable round booth seating. Waitress was friendly and very knowledgable about the menu. Made great suggestions and had us excited for the food.The Kobe beef pot stickers sounded excellent and sadly they were anything but. The wontons were very greasy and chewy. And the Kobe I think was kind of chopped and mixed with something that I would imagine dog food taste like. Carpaccio was excellent. King crab miso was pretty good but not a $14 bowl of miso. Overall the rolls were very good but I have had better in valley. Service and atmosphere excellent. Food just ok to good.To me ... Definitely overpriced and would probably not return. Nothing great that would make me come back. Not bad ... Just not great and for the prices I expect great.
3	SooOoo hard to find good sushi in Scottsdale.
5	warning! biased opinion here. get to know the chefs. once they get to know you, you're experience will be stellar! first, i dont eat rolls! second i've been to japan numerous times and have had sushi there. third. i know where sushi roku is located (arizona) for those who forget. fourth i make a reservation any time im having dinner there. that said, have the grace and faith to let the chef make you what he would eat or what he thinks would best suit your tastes. (be honest! if you dont like uni say so!!!, if you normally eat rolls try omakese at your local sushi spot befor trying it here!! ) the chefs here have a strong head chef that teaches not just cutting techniques for the numerous fish that other sushi bars nearby dont carry, but also about how to best "service' the guest. if your expecting super fast rolls and unrealistic low cost, you made the wrong decision.
1	I'll admit I went here out of convenience, 100%. I was staying at the W for a conference, needed to get some work done, so I got takeout and took it up to my room. I got three pretty straightforward items: edamame, yellowtail sashimi with diced chiles (supposedly a "specialty of the house"), and the tuna jalapeno hand roll - and was underwhelmed with all of them. The texture of the edamame was off on about half of the pods I got - grainy and not moist at all. The pieces that were prepared well were actually delicious, with just the right amount of salt. But WTH, why was half of it wonky? The yellowtail sashimi was completely overpowered by the sauce it was covered in. Don't get me wrong, the flavors were good, just completely imbalanced. Way too much sauce, and somehow, something with diced chiles didn't even have a hint of spice to it. The yellowtail was sliced so thin that it was unrecognizable even as fish, and the sauce effectively cooked it. This is a dish I particularly love, that my favorite sushi restaurant at home serves perfectly, so I was very disappointed.These two dishes behind me, I move on to my tuna jalapeno roll. Based on its name, I'm expecting a very clean, crisp roll. When I open the box, I am accosted with huge dollops of spicy mayo on top of each piece. I dab it off so that the roll looks vaguely appetizing, if a bit smeared. I've never tasted a roll so bland in all my life. Apparently that's why it was swimming in mayo - to give it some flavor. Also, it was supposed to come with toro, but they were out of toro and subbed regular tuna, but charged me the same. Toro is a lot more expensive than regular tuna, so I wasn't thrilled about that, but I was expensing dinner, so the cost was really didn't matter. That said, if I was actually spending my own money, I definitely would not spend it here. Yeah, I'm not from Arizona, I've always lived by some water, so maybe this is the best you can do here, but I really doubt it.
3	When I think of Sushi Roku, I am indifferent. You know... that feeling... the absence of any emotional reactions.For me, the dining experience involves so many things. And usually that precedent is set from the moment you walk up to the hostess stand. WHY is this an undervalued position at most restaurants? PLEASE, Sushi Roku, do not put someone at the front desk that cannot seat people properly. After two strolls through the dining room while walking back to tables that weren't open...not once, but twice... I finally asked to just stand where I was until they could find me a seat. Maybe it was a bad night for them, who knows. But, if you read my reviews you'll see I'm an overly friendly yelper. The fact that I actually got irritated and let the hostess know I was frustrated speaks high volume.Moving along, the food was great and the server was great. This wasn't my first time here. I've eaten here several times, including breakfast a few times. TheDishes we had: Organic Garden Salad - Delicious!Mixed Vegetable Tempura - Broccoli was the bestAmerican Kobe Potsticker "Gyoza" - LovedBaked Lobster Roll - MUST TRY!Salmon Sashimi - Maybe wasn't feeling the sushi, just OKAnd if you like pear, don't skip the Pear Martini! Garnished with Parmesan Cheese! Amazing flavor and plus a little antipasti bonus.I've yet to have a full experience at Sushi Roku, but that doesn't mean I'll stop going. It might be one of those ongoing hit and miss situations - I just keep hitting the miss. Looking forward to the hit!
3	We checked out Sushi Roku at the W for a fun night out with friends and sushi.The restaurant was surprisingly quiet with an almost empty dining room. The dining room itself is serene and lovely and we were seated in a comfy half-moon banquette table perfect for our party of 4. Our server (whose name I am forgetting and I'm so mad at myself!) was excellent - she had a wonderful, fun personality and gave some great suggestions on items to order. One of our party is on a very strict diet and asked for vegetable sushi rolls. The server was initially hesitant about this as the way that they usually make vegetarian sushi is different than what my friend was requesting. However, she went to the sushi chef to see what could be done and he was kind enough to accommodate the request. Not only that, but the vegetarian sushi rolls were beautiful! We started with delicious yellowtail with ponzu sauce and chiles - it reminded me more of a carpaccio because the yellowtail was very thinly sliced and a bit scarce to find amongst the other elements of the dish. We also got an order of the shishito peppers, as they're usually a favorite of mine! Their shishitos were pretty good, but the ones toward the bottom of the bowl were somewhat greasy and were really overwhelmed by the soy garlic sauce they were prepared in. We began with Miso Soup (good, always a great comfort food) and then got a variety of sushi including the obligatory tuna, yellowtail, and salmon as well as scallop, a roll with eel, and a spicy tuna roll. We also ordered the teriyaki jidori chicken skewers, which was tasty. We got a few different desserts including the Chocolate Volcano (yummy, as to be expected of a molten chocolate cake pretty much anywhere) and the banana spring rolls, which were not much of a hit.The floor manager stopped in to check on our table, which was a nice touch and something I always appreciate as we were able to let him know that our server was doing such a nice job.Overall, service and ambiance were excellent and the food was just okay for the price.
2	I talked this place up to my friend and was extremely embarrassed I brought him here. We arrived late on a Tuesday night and it wasn't very busy. The waitress told us there were no tables available and told us we had to sit at the sushi bar. There were several tables available so I have no idea why she made us sit there. I noticed that the menu changed and asked the sushi chef if they had a certain roll I used to order all the time and he said they've never had a roll like that before with an attitude. We place our order and the waiter forgot about a shrimp entree I ordered and didn't even apologize or offer to make up for it. I have always had amazing service here maybe it was an off night or maybe they changed management either way I'm not coming back.
5	This place is great. Definitely order the spicy hamachi appetizer. Sushi is some of the best I've had in a long time. Highly recommend.
3	I'm not a huge Sushi person, but our host was, so game on!  I had the Makoto Roll(Spicy Yellowtail & Shrimp Tempura wrapped wtih Seared Tuna,Spicy Creamy Sauce 17) and it was the best of all the things we had.  I don't even know what the others ordered, but they were all just ok.  The atmosphere is really chic, the wait staff is helpful and attentive.  Our host had said this was a great place, but I wasn't overly impressed, though I would never say that to him.  Maybe if I was more of sushi person I would have thought more highly of it?
1	Wish we had tried this restaurant for dinner instead of dashing in for breakfast.  It is conveniently located and promoted within W Hotel.  However, we did...Other hotel guests were here, but the breakfast was just awful.  Muffins laced with preservatives and sticky, like the ones you find at convenience stores.  Bacon stiff as a dead stiff.  Redneck toast - skinny, white, and tasteless.Service was rushed and inattentive.  Except for the beautiful surroundings, this is a place that is unredeemable for American breakfast.
4	Beautiful sushi, classy ambience and service was good.  Pricey, but it should be given the quality of food.
5	Awesome! We got a nice cozy booth...had an awesome server-The guy with two names! Haha :) anyway..spicy tuna roll, the edamame, and the kimchee cucumber sunomono were premier! Went two nights..valet was a breeze :) but def a place to dress highline style as patrons are seemingly there to be seen. Haha :) had a blast each night because of how friendly EVERYONE was to us..hostess, mgr., and def our server. Will be back for sure!
5	My friends I recently went to Sushi Roku after discovering them on the Whistl app for iPhone. We got there at 6, just in time for their happy hour! We were blown away by the ambience of the restaurant, it was modern, but had a timeless sense of class.We stuck strictly to the happy hour menu, which features 30+ small bites and drink, including sushi rolls. We started with Edamame Hummus w/ Wonton Chips ($3). It was  justt the right consistency, and very refreshing. The edamame and wonton chips were a nice addition that gave this mediterranean dish a fresh asian twist. We also had the America Kobe Meatballs ($4). They were deep fried, but not greasy at all. The dipping sauce was also an excellent paring with the meatballs. Next up was the Hanabi for $5 (Spicy yellowtail on crispy rice). This was by far our favorite. The crunchiness meeting the soft texture of the sushi was out of this world. It was one of the most unique dishes I've ever had at a sushi bar. We also got A Spicy Yellowtail roll and an Albacore Salsa Roll ($3 each). Both were excellent, exactly what'd you'd expect from a cut roll. To top it all off we got the Bana Berry Spring Rolls ($3). The crunchy exterior meeting the sweet, soft center was excellent. The drizzled caramel on top made it only more perfect. Overall we had a great experience with the food. We would highly recommend this place to anyone who enjoys asian cuisine. Also, if you love finding deals like we do, you should definitely check out the Whistl app on the App store. Free to download and no signup!Enjoy Fellow Foodies!!
4	Great summer menu going on right now with fun drinks. So convenient if you're staying at the W.
4	Sundays have Happy Hour alllll day.  That means great drink and food specials just 50 feet away from the gorgeous W Hotel pool.  Great and quick service right in the heart of Old Town.  You can't beat that.
3	It was ok... Decent food, creative cocktails. Nice modern atmosphere. Not bad for an evening out in Scottsdale.
5	My husband had to travel to Phoenix for business and the kids and I tagged along.  As luck would have it, my brother (who lives in Texas) was also in the Phoenix area for his company.  He loves sushi and we pretty much only eat California rolls but we are adventurous!  We decided on Sushi Roku.  At first, it was a bit intimidating for my family as we had not idea where to even start on the menu.  My kids are adventurous but if they didn't like sushi, we really didn't have too many other menu items to fall back on.From the moment we stepped in and until we left, I was impressed.  The restaurant was beautiful and I loved that you can see the sushi chefs creating the dishes so close to our table.  We left the ordering to my brother as we had no idea (I actually thought the "caterpillar roll" on the menu was made with caterpillars).  Dumb, I know.The food was exceptional!  We ordered:Edamame Hummus w/ChipsYellowtail Sashimi (it was so good we ordered 2 plates)Baked Crab Handroll California (of course)Popcorn Shrimp Tempura w/Jalapeno (excellent - not what I was expecting for a tempura dish)Spicy TunaMackerel SushiSalmon SushiYellowtail SushiStir Fry Chicken RiceAnd 2 other rolls that I can't rememberI am happy to say that the food was very good.  My boys tried everything and loved it.   My brother (who eats sushi a lot) said that it was very good.  Our server Max was very attentive and allowed us to put the pace on the meal.  It was a very pleasant evening and now we are wanting to check out a good sushi place when we get back home!FYI...unless your kids are adventurous eaters and well behaved, this is not the restaurant for kids.  At first we got a lot of strange looks (and some worried) when we walked in with twin 7 year olds.  It is a more upscale adult atmosphere.   But the pace of the dinner and spreading out the dishes kept things interesting for the boys so they were never bored.
1	Management is awful. I do not recommend this place.
3	expensive! sushi ok.  i would not go back.
4	The restaurant was small and somewhat difficult to find.  Our initial impression was that it was almost an afterthought, tucked into an out-of-the-way corner of the hotel; however, after sitting down in the luxurious booth and receiving impeccable service our opinions quickly changed.  Steve, the manager, was personable, professional and knowledgeable.  His recommendations were delicious and prepared as he described them.The food was served in large quantities at reasonable prices providing a good value.  The quality of the fish and other ingredients was among the best we have tasted.  Our dinner was a unique and memorable experience that we will share and recommend to our friends.  My guest and I will return again.Shortly after sitting down, Steve, the manager visited our table and introduced himself.  He made eye contact, smiled and in a friendly voice said, "Good evening, I'm Steve one of the managers here."  He explained the concept of the restaurant, briefly reviewed the menu with us and then provided a few recommendations, including the blue fin tuna appetizer.The manager's behavior was not only personable, but he was professional and knowledgeable.  He made several suggestions we enjoyed and described them to us accurately.The tables were spaced with a generous amount of room and uniformly set with the silverware wrapped in cloth napkins.  We did not see any flowers in the restaurant. The service stations in the dining room appeared to be clean, organized and well maintained.  The linens, china, silverware, check presenter and glassware were clean and without defects. The booth and table were sturdy and comfortable. Bluefin TunaThe bluefin tuna was a large serving presented cold with a sauce made from soy and onions.  It was artistically served surrounded by small pieces of pickled wasabi, seaweed, green onions and a small purple flower.  The tuna was fresh and tasted like a prime cut found in the belly portion of the fish.  The bluefin tuna exceeded our expectations.Kobe SkewerTwo medium size skewers of American Kobe beef served hot and grilled to a proper medium.  The meat was flavorful and was coated with a black pepper robata-yaki sauce.  We enjoyed this appetizer, but did not find it to be a memorable part of the meal.Bass DinnerThe Stripped Bass was artistically presented on four medium sized leaves with a ginger soy sauce, snap peas and baby bok choy. It was a light and delicate entree accented by a fresh and flavorful sauce.  The serving size was large and could serve one to two guests.  This entree exceeded our expectations.Shima RollThe shima roll was a large serving of spicy tuna surrounded by cooked shrimp.  The fish was artistically combined with rice, cilantro and avocado.  The entree tasted fresh and flavorful and would serve one to two guests.  The shima roll exceeded our expectations.Baked Crab Hand RollThe Baked crab roll was made from fresh crab in a light hand roll with a delicate soy based sauce.  It was served hot and cut into two large pieces.  It was a generous serving for two guests and exceeded our expectations. Creme BruleeThe creme brulee was a traditional custard recipe flavored with vanilla beans and topped with a torched burnt sugar crust and garnished with a boysenberries.  It was served cold and large enough for one guest.  The ingredients tasted fresh and flavorful.  The creme brulee exceeded our expectations.Banana Spring RollsThe banana spring rolls offered four different dessert style spring rolls served hot with a syrupy banana sauce and home-made vanilla ice cream artistically dusted with chocolate sprinkles.  This was a large dessert that could serve from one to two guests.  It was a flavorful dessert that exceeded our expectations.
3	Went here for dinner with some girlfriends on Saturday night. It has a nice clean and trendy atmosphere with some tasty bite. It's a little pricy, as are most decent sushi restaurants. They cocktails are yummy, I had a refreshing St. Germaine, as well as some miso soup and veggie tempura. Good place for girls night, or dates. If you're a resident of Scottsdale, they are even featuring a locals discount until Labor Day... Thumbs up to that management!
4	I go here for lunch a couple times a month because our office is just across the street. I've tried just about every nigiri on the menu and it's always fresh and impeccably prepared. (The octopus was really tough once but that happens with octopus sometimes.) The lunch bento boxes are delicious as well.The happy hour menu has a great selection of appetizers and drinks. My favorites are the chicken skewers, hanabi, and California hand rolls. Overall, I highly recommend Sushi Roku if you're looking for good sushi in the Phoenix area.  I'm from Vancouver where sushi is king, and Sushi Roku is one of the few Phoenix restaurants that comes close in comparison.
2	Since I live in Florida I'm a little spoiled with good sushi quality. I didn't feel this restaurant had great sushi and it was extremely overpriced.
1	Overpriced sushi, underwhelming small portion specialties, and arrogant, W-type servers. A scene for some (skanky women and douchey men in trucker hats), overpriced hotel food for most.
1	Awful service. Stated couldn't split a 6 person check because he couldn't remember what each of us ordered.. When we labeled them for him still got it wrong. Manager was no help stated that he just wanted us in and out and he didn't even apologize for the issue plus HE was wearing diamond earrings with a tux. If I want to go to a nice restaurant and have a $300 bill I shouldn't have to deal with bad service and will take my business elsewhere.
4	My friend had a gift card for Sushi Roku and asked me to help him spend it and I was glad I could help! We were a little early so we sat in the bar with Regis who was super cool and outgoing. We had a couple of mojitos that were too sweet for us but still pretty good. We ate the spicy yellowtail, kobe potstickers and tempura shrimp. The yellowtail was amazing! We then got seated by a nice hostess (tall blond) and were put in Justins station. Needless to say, he was awesome! The happy hour on sundays is phenomenal. Half priced bottles of wine. So, we imbibed. My friend asked Justin a ton of questions and was borderline annoying but Justin kept his cool and treated us well. The manager, Stephen came by and was also very professional and courteous. We had the filet wrapped asparagus and the short ribs  were delicious. Overall, we had a fantastic time and would definitely return.
4	Great location in the W and the food was good but I would not exceptional.  In addition made reservations but they were not able to seat us for almost 40 minutes - made the reservation more or less pointless.  Overall the crunchy tuna roll was my favorite.  Nothing was bad but that definitely stuck out from the 10 dishes we ordered.
4	While staying at the Indigo on business, I was referred to this place by my hotel bartender after I asked for a simple sushi place close by.Simple it surely was; there were only a few people at the sushi bar and maybe two or three couples at the tables. Actually it was a bit boring, but then again, a quiet, no-frills experience was what I had asked for. Perhaps Wednesday is a slow night.What I gleaned from my experience was:1. High sushi quality, on par with what I have found elsewhere in Scottsdale.2. Good service; I was asked very frequently how things tasted or if I wanted anything further. You might say this was due to the slow night, but I have certainly experienced poor service at restaurants under the same conditions.3. Low prices, certainly relative to what you get in this neighborhood. I believe that for six nigiri pieces, a roll, and a small sake; the total including tax was $27. Not too shabby.The high quality I had expected out of a Scottsdale joint; the high value I did not. The only reason this place did not receive 5 stars was that it had a bit of a strong smell. Not fishy, more reminiscent of fried food. Perhaps a tempura order went out of control; things happen. It was not unbearable... yet I could smell it on my clothes later that evening. Then again, I am sometimes overly sensitized to smells. Rest assured, will still go back to Sushi Roku next time.
5	Awesome experience every time! Everyone is great and so is the food! Happy Hours always great for taking a load off. Definite place for anyone to visit and get dinner or enjoy the happiness of Hours!
5	This is by far the best sushi establishment I have ever had the pleasure of experiencing. The staff was unbelievably helpful. Our server, Max, was so knowledgable, my girlfriend and I didn't even have to order ourselves. He would bring is things to try and everything was amazing. Truly an experience I will never forget. I don't think I could ever go anywhere else after being so spoiled by the great staff and amazing sushi. Great job!!
5	We recently celebrated a special occasion here and I was impressed with the variety of foods, both sushi and non-sushi varieties.  The staff was efficient, the atmosphere beautiful and the food was wonderful.  A great experience.
1	I wish I could say something. Anything. But, all I got is nothing, because that's what I got before I left the most craptastic table known to mankind.I never heard of this place before until a friend suggested that I go because they were having their 5 year anniversary special. If I liked it, my job was to report back to my entire sorority so they could try it out on another day and we would be a group of happy fatties. If I didn't, at least I didn't pay full price. My sister and I were pumped to go as it would be a new experience in Old Town. My phone was charged; I was gonna take an ungodly amount of photos of my food. I called to make reservations and they told me that they had limited tables and I would be at a high-top table. I'm not usually one for such seating but I understood that they would be packed so I took it with joy and excitement.I got there early and checked-in with the hostess who said that my table was ready and all they had to do was clean it. You know the feeling when they lead you to a table next to the kitchen entrance, the bathroom, or some reckless child throwing spaghetti who needs to be tied up Silence of the Lambs style? Well, let me challenge that.They had moved a high-top table from the bar area into the lit walkway where everyone walked in and out, but pushed it toward the wall where there was absolutely no light. I thought Cornish Pasty was dark, but where it was placed, I needed to turn my phone on just to talk to my sister across the little 2 ft. wide table. You could tell that a table wasn't supposed to be put there because well ... it was a walkway. If a party of more than 4 was coming through, one of us would definitely be bumped into. It only had 2 chairs, 2 settings but I reserved for 3. They said they knew and would set it up, even though I looked and the table was already clean and set? We waited for about 20 minutes and finally hunger overtook my sister who got up and asked if we could sit down. They told the same excuse to us they told everyone else 'We're waiting for some tables to move." My hopes for a better table soared like an American Eagle, but not another second longer did they shut down my dreams like the government. They pointed to the same table, and we awkwardly sat down ... while my boyfriend stood up waiting for the chair they still hadn't placed. There were at least 4 employees standing at the hostess podium, 2 feet away, just walking around my boyfriend like he had suddenly turned into stone. The chair came 5 minutes later, but only because of my boyfriend's invisible yet oh so intense laser beam eyes gored into the back of their heads. No menus were given to us the entire time we sat. Once again, we are sitting so close to the hostess podium, I could play patty-cake with them. Then we waited until our server came, who immediately told us that we couldn't sit there if we were just waiting for a table, and that we would have to excuse ourselves to the bar area. That was pretty much the last straw. Not even cheap Chili's would give this kind of rude service. My sister told her that we were her table but we were leaving. I walked the 2 steps over to the 4 hosts who looked baffled as to why we was leaving, but even a 3 year old watching Dora could have figured it out quicker than them.We left and walked over to HiFi disgruntled, but even there we got better service even with the unwanted boobies all up in our faces. Basically, I am appalled at what happened. I understand that you're packed with such an awesome special going on but lord did they over-estimate the crowd, taking reservations when they shouldn't have, giving tables to customers that not even a cave troll would deserve, and the lack of communication between the front of the house and the dining floor. People go out of their way to try new places and if you can't be organized without being blinded by profit, why should we as customers waste gas just to be shafted. We left so frustrated and sad, not even getting the slightest chance to try anything that we had drooled over previously through Yelp photos. Not even a freaking glass of water.
3	Never been here before, but they were having a "half-off" promotion to celebrate their birthday.  Basically half off your entire bill.  Great deal.  However if I was to judge this place based on their normal prices, I'm not sure I would've considered this place worth the money.The place is set on the bottom floor of W Hotel in Scottsdale and it meshes very well with the reputation and the vibe of the hotel.  Hip, sheik, trendy, while at times bordering on over the top.  The hostesses are screaming at the sushi bar everytime they walk their guests to their tables (sounded like they were yelling fishaaaay or something).  Got really annoying after awhile.  But I digress.For the appetizer we got the crispy rice asparagus.  Basically an asparagus skewer covered in a fried batter of rice and peanuts.  The saltiness took me by surprise.  Not bad, but not what I anticipated.  For the main dish, we got the twelve piece assortment to share.  In reality it was more of a 20 piece dish as they served a mixture of california rolls, crab tempura, and a mix of different sashimis.  Basically reads like a greatest hits menu.  The albacore and octopus weren't really my thing, but the crab, tuna, and salmon were all pretty good.  It was more than enough sushi for two.  We washed it down with some saki of course.  For dessert we had a chocolate lava cake.  They got this one right, as the chocolate was moist on the outside and liquid hot on in the inside.All totaled, one appetizer plus the sushi assortment, saki for two, dessert for two, with the 50% discount and tip was $55.  Great deal with the discount.  Normal prices are somewhat in line with some of the popular sushi venues I've been to (though you pay a little more for the venue I'd imagine).  Personally I like going to the small local mom and pop Japanese establishments like Hana, Tokyo Lobby, and Cherryblossom.  The prices are right, the quality is just as good (if not better), and its feels like a more authentic experience.  But thats just me.  If you're not picky about atmosphere or price and just want a sushi fix, this trendy Scottsdale spot will suffice.
4	Good sushi, a bit on the expensive side compared to all the other sushi near by. Service was attentive and helpful as my cocktail took a while to make it to the table.
4	We came here during anniversary week which meant our food was half off! What a great special and they were slammed. We will definitely go back even with out a special going on.We started off with the sashimi which was yellow tail with a spicy sauce and fresh cut cucumber and jalapenos on top. YUM this was probably our favorite out of everything. The we got a couple of rolls  - soft shell crab and a crispy spicy tuna. The soft shell crab was huge and delicious. Great fresh flavor. The spicy tuna though is part of the reason for a star deduction. I was under the impression it would be, well... spicy and, well... crunchy. It was neither. The flavor of the fish was good and the sushi itself but the batter wasn't cooked until it was crispy so it took a lot of the flavor away instead of enhancing it. We finished the night off with tempura popcorn shrimp which was very close behind the sashimi. These things are so delicious and popable and its a huge portion that could have easily been shared between 4 people instead of two. It comes with shaved asparagus and mushrooms and the sauce is just creamy and delicious.Our server Kristen was amazing. She was just so cute and patient with the two tables next to us (one was really annoying and demanding and outright rude and the other just needed a lot of attention). The other reason for my star deduction is that when a new guest comes in and is seated, the hostess yells out something that sounds like "airhsay" (totally butchered that but I dont know how to spell it) and the sushi chefs and staff yell it back. After hearing it about 50 times during our meal and having it interrupt our conversation, you just get mad about it. Please take note staff of the restaurant...its not you guys its the yelling during the meal! Its really, really annoying.Anyway, I was very happy with everything in the end and would definitely go back there for sushi (I have been really picky about where I eat sushi out here).
5	Excellent food in every category....FRESH and delicious, presentation and exotic selection. I love the yellowtail sashimi style YUM and the grilled asparagus & steak....yes you can have steak there too. I took clients to dinner and our server CJ was brilliant guiding us through the menu and making recommendations. Also, Cody the manager made sure we had everything we wanted. The head chef even payed a visit to our table asking if we enjoyed the food, and yes we did!! The restaurant is a winner for impressing your clients or casual night out with friends. You'll love the ambiance too.
3	Overall: good but meh.I have been staying at the W in Scottsdale for work for the past month, so I've eaten here a few times.  The sushi is pretty good, but honestly nothing spectacular.  Pretty standard special rolls.  Definitely nothing wrong about it.  I have also had the chicken entree.  The eggplant appetizer might take the cake at this place.  The overall vibe reminds me of the W hotel.  It's trying a little too hard to be trendy.  Dim lights (like, too dim... I've bumped into a couple people here because I can't see two feet in front of me.   Can I get a little more than 2 watts up in here?), modern decor, etc. etc.  It's a good go-to for hotel guests, but I wouldn't travel out of my way to go.
5	We go her at least 3 times a month!!  The customer service is always amazing.  We normally sit at the sushi bar, or ask for CJ.  This guy looks 12, but damn he knows his stuff!!!   He often just brings us dishes based on what we say we like, and so far we have never been disappointed!!  The food is fabulous- you cant go wrong!!  The Yellowfin tuna plate is to die for! The hanabi and the filet wrapped asparagus are also amazing and we get almost every time.
5	Took my girlfriend in for dinner for her birthday, the service was amazing, they wished her a happy birthday by name and service was impeccable. The food was delicious, we had the prime rib for dinner and bananas foster for dessert  wish we could have taken pictures of our meal but it was gone too quickly haha. Over all it was an amazing night, although it was a bit pricey it was definitely worth it for a night out.
5	Located at The W Hotel in Scottsdale, AZ, Sushi Roku is a hip, lounge-y, fun Japanese restaurant.  I had the pleasure of staying at The W for a training seminar I was attending and my coworker and I were addicted to Sushi Roku as soon as we got there.  We ate at this restaurant on 3 different occasions and were never bored with their food or atmosphere.  We tried a few appetizers; spicy edamame and a shrimp dumpling soup which was to die for!  So flavorful, I could have eaten just that...but ofcourse it didn't stop there.  We also had a few of their speciality rolls *don't remember which ones...sorry, as well as some sashimi and the Miso glazed Sea Bass with mash potatoes...yummy!  All were very good and I would have again, but I have to compliment the waitstaff, bartenders and manager who made a lasting impression.  We dined at the bar our last night and everyone was SUPER friendly and made us feel like apart of their 'Sushi Roku Family'....you guys rock!Till next time...Irrishai-mase!!
3	Not the BEST SUSHI EVER, but not bad. Slightly over priced, but to be expected in Scottsdale. Our waiter was really adorbs. He went through basically the entire menu with us after we said we hadn't been there before, giving suggestions and letting us know what was his favorite. Started with shishito peppers (ok, would have been better without the sauce) and green beans (sister enjoyed, I was meh, just didn't care the sauce). We went with the chefs special which included 12 pieces of his choice, a California roll, and a spicy tuna roll. I think it was about $40? Not awful and the pieces were tasty. The best of the meal for me was the sake sampler. 3 almost-double shots of different sakes for $12. YUM.
4	If you are looking for a chic, elegant and youthful evening out then this can go into the suggestion barrel.   The W is like a modern movie set with lots of beautiful people running around.  Our waiter was a bloke from Brooklyn and he was fantastic--knowledgeable, charming and efficient.The food really was delicious.  My wife had a plate of grilled vegetables that were excellent and my steak could not have been better.  Our daughters had noodles and sushi and, again, delicious.Okay for you Japanese purists out there.  We sat next to a group of 4 Japanese adults who didn't have enough English to get through Run Jane Run.  As they left, I obnoxiously tapped one on the shoulder to ask what he thought of the restaurant's Japanese food and he articulately stated, "Not Japanese food".  Oh well, I enjoyed my American meal.
4	Came in for lunch specials with fellow Yelp-er, since dinner seemed overpriced. The sashimi salad and bento box with tempura veggies and miso cod was excellent. Nice to see a sushi place that knows how to cook fish.
3	Food was tasty but not outstanding. You're paying for the upscale and  trendy atmosphere (though I wouldn't expect any less from the W hotel). Fellow yelper Dorothy C. and I came here for the lunch specials. We shared the sashimi salad which came with 6 pieces of sashimi, iceberg lettuce, and ginger dressing and also split the bento box with miso cod and veggie tempura. Servers are very attentive.
3	Sushi Roku used to be our favorite sushi restaurant in the area. We've been here to celebrate an anniversary, a birthday, and fun date nights whenever we got the craving for sushi. Unfortunately, the quality seems to have declined in the past year. Our most recent experience left a bad taste in our mouth and I don't think we'll be returning any time soon.We came here on a Friday night before the Christmas holiday and were surprised the restaurant was playing such loud club music. We joked that we felt we were eating on the dance floor. The ambiance just wasn't as inviting or classy as it was previously. Things went downhill from here.. The Katana Roll was not as flavorful as it has been in the past and the presentation was different. For a $17 "specialty sushi roll" we were expecting something special and were left quite disappointed.The Caterpillar Roll was also not as good as it has been in the past. I could've sworn that this inside out roll used to include crab meat inside, but our server said that I must be thinking of their Dragon Roll. I highly doubt it because the Dragon Roll isn't even on the menu. In any case, this roll was also quite disappointing and definitely not worth the hefty $16 price. The roll had a tiny piece of unagi inside, which was cold rather than hot and freshly cooked. All in all, quite disappointing and sad that the quality of this once 5 star place has declined to the point that I can't rate it higher than 3 stars.
4	I typically don't venture into old town in the evening, but went to Sushi Roku for a client dinner. The atmosphere was really fun, and the food was great. I actually don't eat Sushi, but everyone at my table said it was incredible. I got a filet and it was great.
4	Great sushi place, probably the best in Scottsdale.Great ambiance and design, good service and great manager.The W is pretty much always on point with its restaurant partners. Try the diced Chilies and hamachi. Amazing.
1	Came here for a birthday party of about 20 people.  The sashimi was so small I ate all 4 pieces in one bite.  After that disappointment I got my sushi.  I got the jalepeno roll.  Wasn't very spicy.  All in all average sushi.  This was a birthday party for 3 people I will add and by the time they brought out the birthday cake over half the party had left as we had finished our meal about an hour prior and there was only a handful of people left.At the end of the night the wait staff tried to charge us all for items we didn't order which included $65 dollars in bottled water.  After we disagreed we asked to speak to a manager who shrugged the whole thing off and walked off during our conversation (possibly to admire his over priced suit in the mirror) leaving us wondering what the outcome was.  About 20 minutes later we decided to finally leave.  Not paying for overpriced bottled water.This place is probably perfect for you if you want to get drunk and go upstairs and listen to horrible dance music after a average to below average meal
5	The sushi is ok but the eye candy is ridiculous.  People in scottsdale don't wear clothes.  Its amazing
4	Kinda pricey but food is amazing.Located on the first floor of the W Hotel in Scottsdale, this is the best place for Japanese food.  Very well presented but of course the prices are a little higher than I like to pay for Sushi. Very dark atmosphere but that goes for the entire hotel so it's no surprise the restaurant is dark as well. Very comfortable seating and great service.  The waitress always was attentive to my needs. (and attractive too!)Since I am only here for work I try to take advantage of the immediate area but I always end up back at this place.
5	Wow. Is the only word I can think of. Menu is beyond imagination. Excellent   Will return.
5	Fantastic late dinner! Our server, Jess, was very attentive, and recognized my wife's chocolatini (special request, not on menu) wasn't as requested. Very inventive menu. I recommend the beef tataki app! We had sushi rolls and a couple cocktails. Perfect! Thee Wagyu roll was ridiculously good. I remembered a "free white choc brownie" offer somewhere, and Jess was quick to ask if I was on Yelp!.....and yes, it was amazing.
4	Sushi Roku stakes claim to an amazing ambiance. The modern vibe and styling of the W Hotel that Roku is located in, carried over and translated very well into the restaurant. I loved the upscale and hip vibe! My party and I decided to each order a roll... We're from California and are spoiled with our fresh seafood. There was a question mark on how the sushi in Scottsdale would compare to that of the bay area. Everyone was VERY pleased with both the portion sizes and the quality. The lobster roll was a table favorite. For dessert, we ordered the dessert spring rolls. They were amazing!!!!!!! Um... think spring roll filled with berries. banana, and paired with vanilla ice cream. Now, imagine what heaven would taste like, and there was our rolls!Next time I find myself in Scottsdale, I would absolutely return!
2	The menu had some really great looking things on it but the actual food didn't deliver.  We had...1.  Filet wrapped asparagus - some of the lowest quality filet meat (if it really was filet) I have ever had.  So chewy and fatty that I had to spit out several pieces.  Kind of awkward when the server picks up your cloth napkin and a bunch of chewed up meat balls come flying out of it onto the table.2.  Albacore sushi - tasted very fishy.  That's all I have to say about that.3.  Eel and avocado roll - eel was fishy and chewy (kind of a mix between and the filet and albacore)...the rice was hard.4.  Chicken stuffed peppers - extremely salty and oily.5.  Truffle oil edamame - excellent!6.  Green tea - excellent!  The atmosphere is great and it's connected to the W hotel so there is some fun people watching but don't count on good sushi.
5	We were at the w waiting for Gretchen rossi's fashion show to start when we decided we would get something nearby to eat. Roku sushi is connected to the upstairs pool area, so we walked down to see if they could fit us in. It was very busy as it was a Friday night. However the hostess was able to find us a table outside. The servers and server assistants were all very helpful. We ordered drinks as well as the sushi for two people platter. Three people asked to take our drink order and three people asked if we received our order. The sushi came out first which raised a flag to ask where were the drinks we ordered.  When we finally got the drinks everything else went smoothly and the sushi was very good. The server also took it upon herself to surprise us a molten chocolate cake dessert for our wait on the drinks. Very kind and generous and I appreciate the empowerment. I know things like this happen, so I was very impressed she went beyond the call of duty to keep a certain level of service. I would say this was fantastic.
2	Food was ok nothing spectacular for the price. The Vegas roll was not on the menu but the chef made it for us. I do admit that was nice and it was a good roll. The specialty drinks were good as well. We were here for a friends bday and this is when it went downhill. It took 15 minutes to receive our drinks, it took so long we would order our second round before even finishing our first. Our server rarely came around and was not very educated. Sadly I am giving them two stars not for the food but for the service we received. With paying that much for a meal/drinks I expect much more then what sushi roku provided. I do not think I will be back.
1	Oh where do I begin ... So we arrive -- 10 min before our reservation time of 9p. We didn't get seated until 40 min after the hour. To be squeezed in a booth -- set up for 6. Although our party is of 7. Asked for an additional place setting 2x before received. The waiter, an underaged looking young man, id's us after getting our drink order, and takes 15-20 min to return with said drinks. And serves us tap water after clearly stating bottled. The food... Sushi- subpar... The entrees- burnt... He said it was "smoked" ... Yea no, it's burned buddy. Drinks - weak!The people... So, this woman has her child.. Yes child ...  sitting at the table with underwear and no shoes and she's making out with this gentleman while her child is damn near naked. (Side eye)Shall I say.. Never again!
4	Loved the atmosphere - two separate areas that are both trendy. We sat in the area with the sushi bar which was more romantic. The service was great - we didn't have to ask for someone at all (granted it wasn't a busy night). Our favorite things were the blue fin sashimi and the knife jaw snapper sashimi. We also ordered another red snapper sashimi, yellowtail diced chilies, yellowtail roll, tako rolls, spicy octopus roll, Katana roll, and Makato roll.We ordered the Passion fruit and spice and honeydew drink which were both refreshing. Overall a great experience, fresh fish and good service.
3	The restaurant is beautiful and it was a great hangout location. The food was good but by no means spectacular. I expected to be blown away by the food for the price. Small portions and not a lot of creativity for the price. Service was great
4	I made reservations through yelp/open table because of the rave reviews for sunday at 6:30 p.m. I absolutely loved the atmosphere. Being that they were located inside of The W hotel, I knew it would be a lively and festive atmosphere. The hostess was very nice and pleasant. The restaurant was fairly empty but I arrived pretty early in the day. The sushi rolls were fantastic. This was some of the best sushi I had while in the Scottsdale area. I tried the spicy tuna, scallop roll, and the spicy edamame (which was also great by the way). Our waitress was very accommodating and the service was top notch. I would definitely recommend this place on service and quality of their sushi. I'm sure this place gets live after hours however we didn't stay long enough to find out.
3	We were staying at the W and decided to grab dinner here one night. Very friendly wait staff.Ordered truffle edamame, crunch spicy tuna roll, makato roll, and popcorn shrimp tempura.Truffle edamame - loved it, great flavorThe sushi rolls were good, nothing amazing.Shrimp tempura was also ok.Overall food was ok/ good- nothing exceptional.
4	Excellent sushi!! Very fresh fish. Loved the carpaccios and the yellow fin spicy roll.Very friendly and attentive servers.For dessert we had the mochi which are great! The strawberry one is delicious! Loved that they had champagne- elderflower cocktails, my current favorite!!
1	Was recently there for a friends birthday party.  The portions were very small and expensive.  I order the grill chicken as the entre, Lets just say as an avid griller theirs was no comparison to mine, There was no taste to it had no spices or anything, they grilled aplain piece of chicken and covered it in cheap teriyaki sauce, as for the mashed potatos they were plain too, seemed to be fake potatos not real ones no flavor or spices, they also had grilled asperagus on the plate too, also plain no flavor.. To top it all off I was forced to pay 20% gratuity for avaerage service.
5	Great place for lunch in Scottsdale! Free valet parking, and you can also hang out at the pool upstairs afterwards. It's a great way to beat the heat! They have bento boxes for $10-$15. Can't beat a deal like that, especially since it is very fresh fish. Excellent sushi!
2	The crunchy tuna was mushy so I decided to go with an even easier dish, chicken fried rice. It was over seasoned with so much pepper but some how some pieces got none of the seasoning and was burnt. They even over poured on my mixed liquor causing me to miss out on all the mango and spice that my Mango and Spice Was supposed to have. I gave this 2 stars because the service was top notch but the place was pretty empty. I won't be back anytime soon.
5	The service we received was incredible. The yellowtail carpaccio was one of the best appetizers I've ever had. We loved the sake as well! I will definitely be returning soon. It was an amazing experience!
4	Excellent sushi considering you are in the desert. Simple menu, NOT pages and pages of similar tasting rolls. Yellow tale was very good. Order the yellow tale sashimi with green chilies, you will not be disappointed.
4	Happy hour is the time to come here. Cheap drinks and dishes. Sushi is fresh and delicious! Appetizers are always on point.
5	absolutely love this restaurant......service, quality of the food, origionality of the dishes is superbe
5	I came here with a group so we tried a bit of everything. We ordered multiple rolls and there's really not much to critique here. The sushi was fresh. There wasn't an overwhelming amount of rice. And overall, they were good portion sizes. What I did love was this crispy spicy shrimp that they offered. It was lightly friend shrimp so it didn't make you feel full and bloated with unnecessary carbs. And the shrimp were whole pieces instead of the cheap "popcorn" type. It was a good portion for sharing and we even placed another order because it was so good!After that, we headed upstairs to their rooftop lounge. One thing I love about Scottsdale is the dry heat. Even though it was 80+ degrees out, it was so refreshing to be outside sipping on a cocktail.  The space is huge! It's great for a wedding/group outing of 50+ people. If I worked in the area, this would definitely be the spot I'd choose for happy hour :)
4	Great Night Out.... Took our nephew out for his birthday this last week and was so thankful for the amazing dining experience at Roku. The design of the space is cool and stylish. The food was delicious fresh and tasty from beginning to end. The star of the evening was our server Amy. As soon as we begin our dining experience she was welcoming, charming and just plane on point. She guided us through our progressive meal with great knowledge of the menu items as well of a sense of fun and care you don't often get with dining in the Scottsdale area.Hats off to Roku for a great menu and who the manager who hired Amy. Her service alone was worth the expense of the evening.
4	Good space and atmosphere. The happy hour is an awesome deal with lots of rolls and appetizers, beer and sake on special. Would recommend the "hanagi" (sp) spicy tuna roll. It's deep fried rice with the spicy tuna and sauce on top. Our server told us the restaurant won an award for it. Only reason it's 4 out of 5 stars is they don't always read reservation notes, it was my finances birthday and they didn't acknowledge it.
2	Not impressed for the price. Informative and nice wait staff. However they served us the wrong dish, which we starting eating before realizing it was not what we ordered, only to be told later when the bill was delivered we had to pay for the sushi they incorrectly delivered. Sushi was just ok...not worth the cost.
1	From the moment we were sat, we waited for almost 10 minutes to be greeted by our server.  The restaurant was empty by the way...we were the only poeple in there.  When we asked about the menu, we got the vaguest descriptions of the sushi rolls.  Being the only table In the restaurant, we were surprised that our order took extra long.  The server never came back and out drinks were not refilled.  Part of our order was finally delivered but our appetizer was not to be seen.  We were finally told that there was a problem in the kitchen and a few minutes later the appetizer and second roll arrived. You would think. Being the only table in the restaurant, everything would be perfect.  Not the case.  Maybe that is why they are so super slow for lunch?  We'll go back to RA next time. :(
5	I was here 3 weeks ago with friends. I went back the next night alone. The staff was friendly and welcoming, the bartenders Sam and Regis both remembered my name from the night before. The service was prompt, the food great and the atmosphere awesome. I will be back in AZ next week and will def visit this venue.It is THE place to start out also,  with your friday and saturday night shenanigans ( :
5	Stopped by for happy hour on Sunday and everything was great! The bartender was very nice and accommodating. The food here is delicious. Definitely one of my favorite restaurants in old town.
5	Kyle H. is amazing - request his section!! Came here during their anniversary week, so 50% off all food... heaven!! Kyle was attentive the entire meal and his recommendations were amazing! Shishito peppers, yellow tail app and crispy spicy tuna on point!! Fun atmosphere and great food!
4	The ambiance of this restaurant is awesome. It also helps to be located in one of the best hotels in the city. This is my second time here and because of the great experience I had (again) I wanted to leave another review reiterating the wonderful experience here.One word that describes the sushi here - OUTSTANDING. One of the best sushi restaurants I've been to on the west coast. I highly recommend coming here. This will be a frequent stop every time I am in Scottsdale.
1	Maybe the worst sushi experience I have had minus the good company. First of all our meals did not arrive at the same time or even close. It took more than an hour to get sashimi. Two of our dishes did not arrive at all. When we asked our server to just cancel them, he remarked "they didn't arrive?" When we asked for our check we noted that we were charged for one of said dishes. I'm not one to ever complain about a meal but this was something I couldn't just let be. In all the service was better than the mediocre sushi we received. If you want great ambience, go for a drink just forget about eating.
5	I stopped in on my evening walk (read: I was underdressed, not gussied up for a night on the town) on an early Friday evening.  Even so, I was treated to what was - hands down - the best sushi/sashimi experience ever.  I had several dishes. Every one involved incredibly fresh fish with thoughtful use of ingredients with a beautiful presentation.  Each bite delivered often subtle but intricate play of flavors and textures.  The selection of fish was much broader than the usual good sushi restaurant.   All of the wait staff and sushi chefs I encountered were attentive and knowledgable.  And no one made me feel self-conscious that I had arrived in my jeans and walking shoes.  The atmosphere is definitely aimed at attracting the trendy upscale clientele (the W is known generally for it's bar and party scene) but serious sushi fans of all types and ages should make a point of eating here.
4	This is a pretty solid sushi restaurant. A bit pricey, but the ambience is awesome. My boyfriend and I went last month, and our table wasn't ready until 20 min after our reservation. The bf wasn't exactly pleased as he had spent a lot of time planning the evening. The GM Steve was very gracious though, and brought us some amazing appetizers! Definitely helped to smooth things over. Everything we had was amazing. My favorite was probably the yellowtail appetizer!
